i868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
707
suffrage, to vote for the Radical candidate, or
lie will be beaten. The majority in the north-
ern and western States against him must, there-
fore, be overcome by the negro votes of the
South.
Sir, we shall see if the people of the United
States will allow the regular Army, which now
controls this ignorant negro vote in the South,
to hold the balance of power in the Republic
and to elect to the Presidency the candidate
of negro supremacy, upheld by military des-
potism. Shall Pretorian bands control the
Presidency, as iu the degenerate days of Rome
they set up the empire for sale? I am no
prophet; but, if not mistaken in the signs of
the times, the American people are not yet
prepared for that. The Democratic party,
everywhere freeing itself from the errors of the
past, planting itself upon the living issues of
the hour, welcoming into its ranks all who are
opposed te this radical and barbarian policy
of subjecting the States of the South to negro
supremacy by military dictatorship, all who are
in favor of maintaining the integrity of the
Union, the rights of the States, and the liber-
ties of the people under the Constitution, and
all who neither admit the doctrine of southern
radicalism which brought on this rebellion, that
a State may secede from the Union, nor admit
that other doctrine of the northern Radical, no
less revolutionary, that Congress may exclude
or disfranchise ten States from the Union, are
now coming together upon the platform of the
fathers of the Constitution, and in the same
fraternal spirit in which it was formed, and by
which alone it can be maintained.
Sir, thereare times when public opinion islike
a placid stream gently flowing within its banks,
when slight obstacles may for a time arrest or
change or divert its course. Then, it may be
said, the voice of the people is the voice of
politicians ; the voice of the people is the will
of a party. But there are other times when
the heavens are overcast, the rains have de-
scended, and the floods have come that'its
majestic current rolls on, emblem of wrath and
power, when resistance maddens its fury and
increases its strength. Then it overflows its
banks. The barriers of party caucuses and
politicians are all swept away and become
mere flood-wood on the surface of the troubled
waters. The voice of the people then is no
longer the voice of politicians ; then it is that
the voice of the people is.the voice of God. _
Sir, we have passed through such crises in
our day. You well remember when a feeble
minority in this body raised its voice against
that overbearing majority which, under the
dictation of southern radicals sought to force
a State government, with negro slavery, upon
the people of Kansas against tkeir will. That
monstrous wrong stirred the hearts of the peo-
ple to their very depths, and party lines and
party names were forgotten. Party ties were
sundered like flax at the touch of fire. You
remember that, sir.
Again, when these same radicals of the South,
because the people of the North indignantly
refused to sanction the subjugation of Kansas,
rose in arms to destroy the Union and the Con-
stitution, what became of party then. The peo-
ple rose as one man. Large masses of the
Democratic party gave their political support
to the administration of Mr. Lincoln, forming
the Union Republican party; and to their eter-
nal honor be it said that the great mass of the
Democratic party, with some exceptions, gave
to his war measures a hearty and unflinching
support. Without that support the war would
have been a failure.
In the actual prosecution of the war, in the
camp and on the field of battle, in the rank
and file, as well as in command, we found no
distinction whatever. Shoulder to shoulder
Democrats and Republicans stood together
like brothers on every battle-field from the
beginning to the end of the rebellion. To
dfi'tfnd the Union and the Constitution against
overthrow by southern radicalism, in arms
against them, they braved every danger and
endured every hardship. Together they stood in
the day of the conflict, freely bared their bosoms
in each other's defense; together often their
life's blood gushed and mingled, and side by
side they now sleep their last sleep in their
honored graves. There they will sleep together
till Heaven calls them to their reward.
And now, sir, what do we behold? A dom-
inant majority in this Senate and in Congress,
under the lead of northern radicalism, at the
point of the bayonet forcing negro suffrage
and negro governments upon ten States of the
Union and six million people against their
will. What was the outrage upon Kansas com-
pared to that? We see them practically dissolv-
ing the Union by excluding ten States from
the Union, thus doing what the rebellion could
never do, and what we spent $5,000,000,000
and five hundred thousand lives of our best
and bravest to prevent. For long months we
have seen them encroaching steadily and per-
sistently upon the just rights of the Execu-
tive ; and now, to rivet their chains upon us
and to crown the whole of their usurpations,
they propose to subjugate the Supreme Court;
to overturn justice in her sacred seat in this
tribunal of last resort. They would compel
the court whose office it is to hold an even
balance between the States on the one hand
and the Federal Government on the other,
and also between the several departments of
the Government, to place false weights in the
balances. They would make the weight of the
opinions of three judges in favor of the usurp-
ations of Congress more than equal the weight
of the opinions of five judges in favor of the
rights of other departments, the rights of the
States, and the liberties of the people.
Sir, we are in the midst of a new rebellion,
bloodless as yet, but which threatens to destroy
the Constitution, and with it the last hope of
civil liberty for the world. But let us not
despair. Let lis not surrender our faith in the
people nor our faith in republican institutions.
The people everywhere are coming to the res-
cue. They are again rising above party and
the clamors and denunciations of partisans.
Hundreds and thousands of the earnest Re-
publicans who supported Mr. Lincoln's Ad-
ministration have already severed their rela-
tions to this revolutionary party. Hundreds
of thousands more are ready to do so and to
strike hands with the great mass of the Dem-
ocratic party to rescue the Constitution from
this new rebellion against it.
They are organizing everywherej from Maine
to California, not upon the dead issues of the
past, for inglorious defeat. There is too-much
at stake, and they are too terribly in earnest
for that. But with living men, upon the living
issues of the present, they will organize for a
victory so complete and overwhelming that the
votes of the negro States of the South cannot
hold the balance of power and decide the elec-
tion against them. That same patriotism which
led hundreds of thousands of Democrats to sus-
tain the Republican party in putting down the
rebellion of the southern radicals will now
lead hundreds of thousands of Republicans to
act with the Democratic party to overcome the
no less dangerous doctrines of the radicals
of the North. They are fighting in the same
cause of the Union and the Constitution, and,
for the spirit which gives them life.
Mr. NYE obtained the floor.
Mr. NORTON. Before the Senator from
Wisconsin takes his seat I should like, with
his permission, to ask him the question that I
asked him while he was speaking. The Sena-
tor spoke of the radicals of the South. I
desire to ask him if the secessionists of the
South, whom he calls the radicals of the South,
are not now acting with the Democratic party,
and did not act with them before the war?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. In relation to that ques-
tion I am perfectly free to say that in the south-
ern States before the war there were three
parties existing; but a majority, I believe, of
the southern States acted with the Democratic
party. There were three parties there, how-
ever : one in favor of Douglas, another in favor
of Bell, and the other in favor of Breckinridge.
I think, if my recollection is not mistaken,
Breckinridge had the majority of the electoral
votes of those States. Whether there was a
majority on the popular vote for Breckinridge
in those States over Bell and over Douglas I
do not now remember. In relation to the Dem-
ocratic party of the North—I believe the hon-
orable Senator referred to the Democratic party
of the North 
Mr. MORTON. Yes, sir. I desire to ask if
those men whom you term the radicals of the
' South are net now calling themselves Demo-
crats and acting with the Democratic party of
| the North?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. It may be that some of
those radicals of the South are acting with tho
Democratic party. I never knew a majority
in this country in which there were not some
radicals. This great majority here has several
that I could point out on this floor. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. NYE. I yield the floor to the honora-
ble Senator from Illinois with great pleasure.
I Mr. TRUMBULL. I designed, if no one
else did, making some reply to what the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin has said; but I certainly
shall not take the floor from the Senator from
Nevada.
Mr. NYE. I yield it with pleasure.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on referring the bill to the Committee
on the Judiciary with instructions.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from Ne-
i vada seems to prefer, if I have anything to say,
that I should say it now, and I, will do so. I
thought that the extraordinary speech of tho
Senator from Wisconsin deserved some reply,
not that I am aware that he has said anything
partioularly new or advanced any positions
that have not been before heard in tne coun-
try. Sir, it is very common with a certain
party in the country to claim to be the friends
of the Constitution and the Union upon all
| occasions; and it is a little remarkable that
; that party should embrace within its organiza-
tion all the men who have fought to destroy tho
Constitution and the Union. It is not the first
time in the history of the world that an attempt
\ has been made to destroy that which was good
by claiming to be its advocate. Liberty has
been stricken down everywhere from the be-
1 ginning of the world by those who claimed and
professed to be its peculiar champions. This
i assumption on the part of the spokesmen of
this organization, that they are the particular
friends of the Constitution and the Union, is so
often repeated that the unthinking are almost
ready to believe there must be some truth in
the assertion. Sir, the men who fought ta
uphold the Constitution and the Union, the
men who legislated in these Halls for the main-
tenance of this Government, the hundreds of
thousands who went forth to defend the Con-
stitution and the Union upon the field of battle,
are in favor of these very measures which the
Senator denounces as unconstitutional. Is the
world to be made to believe that all these
friends of the Constitution and the Union arc
now seeking their destruction, and that they
who hazarded their all for their overthrow aro
now their only defenders? It is unreasonable
so to suppose.
But the Senator tells us in the opening of his
protracted speech that the country is in immi-
nent peril. I do not agree with him ; but if it
be in danger it is because of such assumptions
and avowals as he has made here to-day, such,
1 was about to say, misrepresentations, such
misapprehensions at least of the designs and
intentions of the ruling party in the country,
and nothing else. But, sir, I da pot agree
that this country is in great peril. These re-
construction measures which so alarm the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin are being carried peace-
ably and quietly into execution. What is there
to alarm us? What is the danger? Recon-
struction is going on. Every State which
has voted upon the question of calling a con-
vention to reorganize its government and re-
sume its position in the Union has carried the
measure. The conventions in several of the
