708
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 23,
States are now in session. One has met and |
adjourned, alter adopting a constitution, and
has submitted that constitution to be voted
upon some two weeks hence. Reconstruction
is going on. A few weeks or a few months at
most will restore these ten States to the Union
and relieve them from the military control
which so alarms the Senator from Wisconsin.
Why not join with us and hasten the period?
If the desire is to avoid what the Senator calls
military despotism, if the desire is to establish
civil governments in the rebel States, why not
join iti the measures which have been proposed,
and let republican governments be formed in
those States and the power of those govern-
ments placed in the hands of loyal men, and
then welcome them to their positions in the
Union? Sir, is it the way to give peace and
quiet to the country, which the Senator calls
tor, to oppose the very measures which have
been adopted to restore peace and quiet and
civil government? I do not share this alarm
which is expressed by the Senator from \\ is-
consin. I believe that our reconstruction meas-
ures have met with as great success as any
reasonable person could have anticipated. I
believe that we have only to stand by them to
see their accomplishment, and that speedily.
The Senator says that we will not modify our
policy. Certainly not. After mature deliber-
ation, after the greatest consideration, the Con-
gress of the United States adopted a plan for
the reconstruction of the rebel States. That
plan, though it may not be the best possible,
was the best which we were able to agree upon;
and I believe to-day it was a most excellent
plan. I do not agree with those gentlemen in
Congress or out of Congress who say it was
full of defects. It was a most excellent plan,
well calculated to accomplish the object for
which it was designed; and I am for standing
by it, and for seeing it consummated. I regard
it as a weakness on the part of the friends of
reconstruction to admit for a moment that the
plan adopted has any. fatal defects. It has
none. The only occasion there has been to
pass amendatory acts has arisen from the fact
that the execution of the reconstruction meas-
ures has been in the hands of men who have
attempted to thwart their plain and obvious
meaning. It has only been necessary to meet
this perversion of the law by other legislation;
and in any future legislation that may be
adopted I trust we shall go no further than to
see carried out the original intent of Con-
gress.
A great portion of the Senator's argument
is based upon the assumption that there is an
intention on the part of Congress to place the
governments of the South under negro con-
trol. The answer to that is, it is not true in
point of fact; it is a false assumption; and of
course the whole argument based upon it falls.
What is the truth ? Why, sir, in all the south-
ern States to which the reconstruction act
applies, with the exception of Mississippi and
South Carolina, the white population largely
preponderates. In the State of Alabama, in
1800, the date of the last census, there were
five hundred and twenty-six thousand whites,
in round numbers, and only four hundred and
thirty-five thousand slaves, and two thousand
six hundred and ninety free colored people.
There were nearly one hundred thousand more
whites than blacks in Alabama. In Arkansas
the whites predominated nearly three to one.
In Florida a large majority of the population
were whites. In Georgia there are one hun-
dred thousand more whites than blacks. In
North Carolina the white population prepon-
derates nearly two to one. In Texas more
than two to one. In Virginia more than two
to one. Now, sir, what becomes of this asser-
tion that there is an attempt to place the gov-
ernments in the rebel States in the hands of
negroes? If you will look at the registration
you will find more whites than blacks registered
in most of the States ; bat if the whites have
not registered whose fault is it ? The fault of
the Senator from Wisconsin, arid just such
speeches as he has made to-day, to prevent
the white population from taking part in this
work of reconstruction.
But, the Senator says, you have disfranchised
the whites. How many? Why, sir, only those
who led in the rebellion have been disfranchised.
The numberis comparatively small. But he says
it embraces the brains and talent of the South.
Is it true that the brains and the talent of the
white population of the great State of Vir-
ginia. amounting to nearly a million, were all
concentrated in the few persons who held office
in that State prior to the rebellion? All of us
who know anything about southern society and
southern politics know that otliees run in fam-
ilies in that section, and always have. Men
once in office there frequently hold office for
life. We all know that when a member was
sent to the House of Representatives or to this
body from any of the southern States in former
years he was very likely to be continued as
long as he lived or was willing to come. They
were not in the habit of changing their officers
in that section as we are in the North, and
hence the disqualifying clause affects but few.
And who are they that are disqualified? Why,
sir, they are the leaders of the rebellion. The
Senator had the frankness to tell us that the
people of the South were not in favor of rebel-
lion ; that a majority of the white people of the
South were opposed to it. How, then, came
, they to go into rebellion? He says they after-
j ward united in it. How did that happen?
Why, sir, they were forced into it by these very
1 leaders, according to his statement, whom he
now seeks to place again in power. They are
the last men to be intrusted with authority
after having, as he would have us understand,
overawed and forced an unwilling people into
rebellion.
There is, then, no truth in the allegation that
there is any attempt to place the southern
States under negro supremacy; and if the
white people of those States are subjected to
any such supremacy it is because they choose
it. They have in nearly every one of those
States a majority of votes. In all the conven-
tions which have been held, with the exception
of perhaps Souih Carolina, a large majority of
the members have been white. So that this
accusation of the Senator not being true in
point of fact, there is no need of replying to
the horrid condition of affairs which he has
| painted as resulting from negro supremacy.
|i It is asserted by the Senator that the rebel
! States are States in the Union, and he says
that we submitted to them a constitutional
amendment to be ratified, and he wants to know
how we can refuse Senators elected by a Legis-
lature which had submitted to it a constitu-
tional amendment. If you submitted it, he
says, to these State Legislatures for approval
they had a right to reject it, and having re-
jected it they have a right to send members
here. Does that follow ? Why, sir, it was
nothing but a proposition which we submitted.
Without going into the argument as to
whether these States were in a condition to
pass upon the constitutional amendment one
way or the other, without inquiring whether
i their assent was necessary or not, it was at the
' most but a proposition submitted to them,
i Did the submission of that proposition recog-
nize them as legitimate State governments?
] It might as well be contended that when the
1 President of the United States during the war
! went down to Fortress Monroe and there upon
I the James river entered into negotiations with
j the representatives of the rebel government
and submitted propositions to them which they
i rejected that he thereby recognized that rebel
government as legitimate. Had the rebel emis-
! saries agreed to the propositions submitted by
Mr. Lincoln in the beginning of 1865 and tEeir
followers laid down their arras and submitted
to the authority of the Government we would
i have recognized that as a valid act on their
J part; we would have given them the benefit
! of that agreement, and the war would have
I ceased. But because we would have done that
does it follow that when they rejected theprop-
I osition we were bound to recognize them as a
valid government? By no means. We were
willing to recognize them as a government so
far as to submit to them a proposition by the
acceptance of which the war might have been
closed at. that time. Their refusal to accept it
placed us under no obligation whatever to rec-
ognize them as a legitimate government, nor
would the acceptance by them of a proposition
submitted for their approval have carried with it
an obligation on our part to recognize them as
a valid government for any other purpose than
that of agreeing to the proposition submitted.
It is in the power of Congress in its discre-
tion at any time to recognize as legitimate any
government which may be set up in any of the
rebel States which comes within the constitu-
tional definition of a republican form of gov-
ernment, and doubtless, if the Legislatures
organized under the auspices of President
Johnson had ratified the constitutional amend-
ment known as the fourteenth article, Congress
would have taken that as an evidence of their
loyalty and submission to the Constitution, and
would have recognized them as valid govern-
ments. But they did not do it. They refused
to accept the proffered terms, and thereupon
Congress was at perfect liberty to refuseto
recognize them as legal governments, which
has never been done. Congress acted with
great deliberation in that matter. It waited to
see what would be the result of the attempt to
organize State governments made under Mr.
Johnson's auspices. When it was found that
that effort was a failure, when it was found
that the State governments, instead of going
into the hands of loyal men, were placed in the
hands of the very leaders of the rebellion, when
it was found that they rejected the terms prof-
fered on the part of the Government, Congress
refused to recognize them, and took the neces-
sary steps for the formation of State govern-
ments in accordance with the Constitution and
such as should be necessary for the future
safety and peace of the country. I see nothing
inconsistent in that.
But the Senator proceeds in his carefully
written speech to declare that the Radical party,
as he chooses to call it, of the North is opposed
to the Union and is not willing that these States
should be part of it. Now, is that true? By no
means; and so far from it the great Union party
of the North is striving at the earliest practi-
cable moment to have these State organizations
perfected, that the States may be received. I
speak of them as States coming into the Union,
because they have now no State organizations.
I have no trouble in regard to the condition of
the rebel States. I call them States; and they
are in this sense, that they have the territory
of States and the people to constitute States.
The people of South Carolina and every other
rebel State have been subject to the laws of the
United States during the whole rebellion, and
are now, in my judgment, as completely as they
were before the war.
It is true, we could not at one time execute
the laws of the United States in South Caro-
lina because the authority of the Federal Gov-
ernment was expelled from that State ; but in
a legal point of view, as a legal proposition,
the authority of the United States extended as
completely over the citizens of South Carolina
during the war and since the war as it did
before the war. They could not take them-
selves out of the Union and they could not take
their State out of the Union ; but what could
they do and what did they do. They had a
State organization. They could destroy that
State organization, and they did destroy it.
The political organization of the State was, by
their own act, destroyed in 1861, and then the
people of that State had no ability to perform
any act under the Constitution of the United
States which it required a political State organ-
ization to perform. Hence they could not elect
a Senatbr to the Congress of the United States.
Why? Because they had no political State
organization, no Legislature; and the Con-
stitution says that Senators shall be elected
by the Legislatures of their respective States.
Hence their representation ceased. Of course
