I86a
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
709
a hostile organization—one which, under the
Constitution of the United States, we had au-
thoiity to put down by force of arms, and which
we did put down by force of arms—could not
elect a Senator to this body. That was not the
State organization contemplated by the Con-
stitution, because the Constitution provided for
a State Legislature composed of members who
were loyal aud true to the Constitution of the
United States. By that instrument every mem-
ber of the Legislature in the State of South
Carolina was required to take an oath to sup-
port the Constitution of the United States.
And yet the Legislature that assembled in South
Carolina in 18G2 took no such oath. Indeed,
it took an oath not to support and defend the
Constitution of the United States, but to de-
fend a constitution and a government which
had been set up in hostility to the United States
and was making war upon them. Hence there
was no State government in South Carolina,
and that state of things continued for more
than four years. Haa we authority to put
down by force of arms the State organization
which existed in the State of South Carolina
during that period ? We had no authority to
drive South Carolina out of the Union, no
authority to expel its people, if you please,
from the Union ; but we had authority and
were enjoined by the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States to call out the militia for the pur-
pose of putting down the insurrection in South
Carolina, which grew till, in the judgment of
the whole civilized world, of the judicial tri-
bunals of the country, of Congress, and of
everybody, it became a civil war. We had
authority by force of arms to put down that
hostile government. We did overthrow it and
extinguish it; and what then was the condi-
tion of South Carolina?
The loyal government had been destroyed
by the enemy; the enemy government had
been overwhelmed by the forces of the United
States; her people were there and subject to
our laws; the boundaries of the State remained
unchanged. What was to be done? When our
advancing armies, under the command of Lieu-
tenant General Sherman, took possession of
that State what was to be done? There was
no existing civil authority; .there was not an
officer in the State who had taken the oath to
support the Constitution of the United States ;
there were no officials to preserve the peace, to
protect neighbor against neighbor; and anarchy
must have prevailed unless the general com-
manding had by military authority controlled
that people for the time being and until a State
government should be organized in harmony
with the Constitution of the United States.
That took time. Mr. Johnson undertook to
do this without convening Congress. Con-
gress, when it did convene, waited to see the
result. If the government inaugurated under
his auspices had been of such a character as
to justify Congress in recognizing it, that would
have become the State government of South
Carolina. If the people of South Carolina,
without any assistance or advice from the
President, had got together as loyal men in
the commencement of 1805, called a conven-
tion voluntarily, abandoned all their hostility
to the Government of the United States, ac-
cepted the condition of things as they then
existed, recognized the rights of all men
within their borders, the extinction of slavery,
and the equality or all their people—if they
had done this, and placed their government in
the hands of loyal men, does anybody doubt
that Congress would have recognized that State
organization?
But, sir, suppose that instead of doing that
they had set up a government even worse than
the one which they did inaugurate; suppose
that after the subjugation of the rebel govern-
ment by force of arms the people there had set
up a government which was confessedly anti-
republican ; suppose they had made a king, or
established a nobility in South Carolina, does
anybody contend that the Congress of the Uni-
ted States must have recognized that as the
State government cf South Carolina? If not,
then Congress is to judge. This is a political
question, and somebody must determine what
is the State government organized in South Car-
olina. Who is to determine it? That point
has been settled by the judicial authority of the
country as belonging to Congress. And if it
had never been settled by the judicial authority
of the country, it is a political question belong-
ing to the legislative department to settle.
Congress may have settled it rightly or wrongly,
if you please; it is not a question to be revised
anywhereelse, and until a government is inaug-
urated in South Carolina which is recognized
by the legislative department of the Govern-
ment as the State government there is no exist-
ing State government in that State. That time
has not yet arrived.
And, sir, Congress is not committed, nor is
anybody committed; because when the attempt
was made in South Carolina to inaugurate a
State government it was thought proper, as
is alleged, to submit certain propositions to
amend the Constitution to a body that,assumed
to be the Legisla'ure of that State. They may
have been submitted for the purpose of seeing
whether the body of men which had assembled
aud assumed to be a State organization would
agree to such terms as would be satisfactory,
to test the loyalty of the organization, if you
please. The constitutional amendments were
never, in point of fact, submitted by Congress
to any of these rebel States. They were pro-
posed and submitted to the States of the Union.
The Secretary of State thought proper to send
a copy of them to the organizations that then
existed in the rebel States. This was proper
enough, and I would have been glad if they
had all ratified those constitutional amend-
ments. It would have been some evidence to
show that those then assuming to exercise,
authority in the rebel States were willing to
accept the proffered terms. The Secretary of
State, after three fourths of all the States,
inclnding those whose State organizations had
not been recognized, had ratilic-d one of the
proposed constitutional amendments, published
a proclamation or gave notice, as the statute
required, that said amendment had become
part of the Constitution of the United States.
We had the acquiescence of these pretended
State governments to it, and it did no harm.
I am glad we had it. That it was necessary I
do not admit. But what I do say is that it by
no means follows because a proposition of this
kind was submitted to see whether the organ-
izations assuming to be State Legislatures in
the rebel States would approve it or not that
we thereby recognized them as legitimate State
governments.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The submission was
by the Secretary of State, not by Congress.
Mr. TRUMBULL. So I have said; but if
it had been by Congress it would not alter the
case in my judgment. We had the« assent of
these pretended organizations to our first pro-
posed constitutional amendment, whatever that
assent was worth. That was one circumstance
in their favor, and if they had gone on in well-
doing in other respects, probably Congress
would have recognized them eventually as the
legitimate State governments. They failing to
do that, Congress has failed thus far to recog-
nize them.
In my judgment, Mr. President, the consti-
tutional authority of Congress over these States
is complete. I do not think the proposition
can be successfully controverted that, under the
authority to make war, to raise armies, and to
provide for putting down insurrection and
rebellion. Congress had the right by use of the
military force to overthrow the hostile gov-
ernments in the rebel States. Will anybody
deny that ? Having overthrown them by force
of arms there was a time, be it shorter or
longer, as you please, when the people of those
States were subject.to the iniHtary power called
forth by Congress, because there were no civil
tribunals among them, and because in the midst
of the conllict of arms military authority is
necessarily supreme. All the parts of the Con-
stitution are to be construed together. While
the right of trial by jury is given, and while it
is provided that no person is to be subjected to
trial for a criminal offense except on the pre-
sentment of a grand jury, that state of things
applies to a country and a condition of affairs
where courts can be held and where jurors can
assemble, and where there is no such obstruc-
tion to the ordinary administration of justice
1 that the law cannot be executed by the civil
| tribunals. It has no application to a condition
of things where the courts are overborne and
: expelled. The power to make war is just as
; clearly given by the Constitution as the security
of jury trial, and both provisions are to be con-
strued together. The jury trial is to apply where
the conflict of arms or opposition to the law
is not so great as to destroy or render it impos-
sible, and the military power is to control where
the civil authorities are expelled by force of
arms and can no longer execute the law.
| This was the condition of things in the rebel
! States. The military authority expelled, the
hostile governments took possession of those
States, and had control for some length of
it time, one week or one month, if you please.
Will anybody deny that? Now, if it had con-
trol for a week or a month, who is to say when
that control shall cease ? We may differ about
that -r but who is to determine that question?
Was General Sherman to determine it at At-
lanta, in Georgia, or at Columbia, in South Car-
olina? Who was General Sherman? Hewasbut
the creature of the law, and subject to the rules
and regulations established by Congress. He
could do no act contrary to law; and if he is
to determine when military control shall cease
he must do so in accordance with law. No,
says one, he is not to determine it. Then who
is? The President of the United States? Is
he anything more than General Sherman, ex-
cept that he is Commander-in-Chief? As Pres-
ident of the United States he has no authority
whatever over the question. All the authority
he gets in the case is as Commander-in-Chief
of the Army, and in that character is just as
much subject to the law as General Sherman.
I beg you, sir, not to confound these two char-
acters of the President—as President of the
United States to see that the laws are faithfully
executed in ordinary times and through the civil
tribunals, and as Commander-in-Chief of the
Army. Whatever powers he had over recon-
struction in South Carolina or in any of the
other rebel States are just such powers as be-
long to him as Commander-in-Chief. If Gen-
eral Sherman, while in command, could not
have set up a civil government in South Caro-
lina that you were bound to recognize, Andrew
Johnson could not do it. The whole power
which the President had in the rebel States,
every particle of it, belonged to him as Com-
mander-in-Chief of the Army, and not as Pres-
dent, so far as it is different from the power
which he had in Ohio, Illinois, or any other
loyaL State. He might as President just as
well undertake to set up a civil government in
one of the loyal States as in South Carolina.
There is not in the Constitution a line or a
word giving him any power whatever as Presi-
dent to inaugurate governments anywhere.
Whatever power he has in the rebel States
greater than that possessed by him in other
States was his military power as Commander-
in-Chief of the Army, and when he exercises
that power he is subject to the rules- and regu-
lations established by Congress.
So much, sir, for the condition of these
States. As I said, there being a certain length
of time, as all must admit, when they were
subject to military authority, somebody is to
decide how long that period of time is to con-
tinue. The general cannot do it contrary to
law. Whatever he does is subject to the su-
perior authority of the legislative department
of the Government, because the legislative
department of the Government makes rules
and regulations for his government. Congress
could have taken all the Army away from South
Carolina. It could have refused to raise a sol-
dier to put down the rebellion. It is only in
pursuance of acts of Congress that jwmies are
