1868.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
593
Laios of the United States.
40th Cong....2d Sess.
administratrix of John P. Masclier, deceased,
■who obtained a patentNo. 9011 foran improve-
ment in daguerreotype cases, dated the eighth
of March, eighteen hundred and fifty-three,
with additional improvement, No. 134, an-
nexed to said original patent, dated nineteenth
of February, eighteen hundred and fifty-six,
for fourteen years, which expired on the eighth
day of March, eighteen hundred and sixty-
seven, be authorized to apply to the Commis-
sioner of Patents for the extension of said
patent for seven years, under the regulations
now in force for the extension of patents, as
if she had made application previous to its
expiration, as required by law ; and the Com-
missioner of Patents is directed to investigate
and decide the application for extension on
the same evidence and in the same manner as
other applications for extension are decided :
Provided, That the application for extension
be made within thirty days after approval of
this act, and the decision of the Commissioner
be rendered within ninety days from the filing
of said application in the Patent Office: And
provided further, That nothing herein shall be
so construed as to hold responsible in damages
any person who may have manufactured or
used the daguerreotype cases with the improve-
ment and addition aforesaid, or used cases
containing the improvement and addition afore-
said, between the expiration of the patent and
the approval of this act: And provided also,
That the Commissioner shall be satisfied before
granting such extension that it will inure en-
tirely to the benefit of the said Eliza Mascher.
Approved, July 27, 1868.
Chap. CCLXXXVII.—An Act directing the
Commissioner of Pensions to proceed to
hear Evidence and determine the Eight of
W. H. Cox, deceased, late a Sergeant in
Company P, Second Regiment Pennsylvania
Artillery, to a Pension in same manner as
if he were still living, he having died of dis-
ease contracted whilst a Prisoner of War at
Andersonville, Georgia, and, if found to be
entitled to a Pension, then same!" from time
of his death, to be paid over to his father,
Charles D. Cox.
Whereas W. H. Cox, a hale, hearty young
man of about twenty years of age, residing
with his father, Charles D. Cox, of Lewisburg,
Pennsylvania, and being a part of his family,
on the sixteenth day of February, eighteen
hundred and sixty-four, was enrolled as a ser-
geant in company F, second regiment Penn-
sylvania artillery, to serve three years or dur-
ing the war ; that he was regularly mustered
in as such, and at the battle of Cold Harbor,
Virginia, on or about the second of June,
eighteen hundred and sixty-four, was taken
prisoner by the rebels and sent to Anderson-
ville, Georgia, and there confined as a prisoner
of war for the period of ten months, and from
exposure and lack of food became very much
debilitated, and after being released he was on
the eighth of August, eighteen hundred and
sixty-five, at Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, by
virtue of a telegram dated Adjutant General's
Office, May twelfth, eighteen hundred andsixty-
five, honorably discharged from the United
States service ; and whereas the said W. H.
Cox, after reaching his father's residence,
made application for a pension under existing
laws, in consequence of disease contracted in
line of duty, and before the case was finally-
disposed of, to wit, July ninth, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-six, ho died of disease con-
tracted as aforesaid, and the Commissioner
then declined to proceed farther in the case,
being of opinion that the death of the young man
suspended farther proceedings; and whereas
Charles D. Cox, father of said deceased sol-
dier, is desirous of obtaining the pension justly
due his said son from date of his discharge till
death, to be applied to the purchase of a suit-
40th Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 38.
able monument to be placed at his grave :
Therefore,
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Hep ■
resentatives of ike United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Commissioner
of Pensions be, and is hereby, authorized
and directed to proceed and receive proof of
the right of said W. H. Cox to a pension in
same manner as if still living, and if the evi-
dence satisfies him that he was so entitled, then
the pension from time of discharge till his
death to be paid over to his father, Charles D.
Cox, out of the pension fund or any other
money in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated.
Approved, July 27, 1868.
Chap. CCLXXXVIII.—-An Act granting a
Pension to Orlena Walters.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to place on the pension-roll, subject to
the provisions and limitations of the pension
laws, the name of Orlena Walters, widow of
Lieutenant Elisha Walters, late of the seventh
provisional regiment of enrolled Missouri mil-
itia, commencing October fourth, one thousand
eight hundred and sixty-three.
Approved, July 27, 1868.
Chap. CCLXXXIX.—An Act granting a Pen-
sion to Elizabeth Richardson.
Be it enacted by the Senate and Rouse of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to place on the pension-roll, subject
to the provisions and limitations of the pension
laws, the name of Elizabeth Richardson,
widow of William Richardson, late a private
in company I, fifth Kentucky cavalry, com-
mencing February twentieth, eighteen hundred
and sixty-five.
Approved, July 27, 1868.
Chap. CCXC.—An Act granting a Pension to
Margaret C. Long.
Be it enaetedbyihe Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America tn
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to place on the pension-roll, subject
to the provisions and limitations of the pension
laws, the name of Margaret C. Long, widow
of Jesse K. Long, late a private in company
E, twenty-eighth Kentucky volunteers, com-
mencing June six, eighteen hundred and sixty-
four.
Approved, July 27, 18GS.
Chap. CCXCI.—An Act granting a Pension to
James Rooney.
Beit enacted by the Senate and Rouse of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to place on the pension-roll, subject
to the provisions and limitations of the pension
laws, the name of James Rooney, late a mem-
ber of company B, seventh Missouri cavalry,
commencing April fourteenth, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-three.
Approved, July 27, 1868.
Chap. CCXCII.—An Act granting a Pension
to Margaret Davis.
Be it enacted by the Senate and Rouse of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to place on the pension-roll, subject
to the provisions and limitations of the pension
laws, the name of Margaret Davis, widow of
William H. Davis, late an acting surgeon in
the eighteenth Missouri volunteers, and pay
her a pension at the rate of seventeen dollars
per month.
Approved, July 27, 1868.
Chap. CCXCIII.—An Act granting a Pension
to the widow and minor childreu of Hiram
Hitchcock.
Beitenacted bythe Senate and Rouse of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to place on the pension-roll, subject
to the limitations and provisions of the pension
laws, the names of the widow, Jane E. Hitch-
cock, and the minor children, under sixteen
years of age, of Hiram Hitchcock, late a hos-
pital steward in the eighteenth Wisconsin regi-
ment volunteers, commencing J anuary seventh,
eighteen hundred and sixty-five.
Approved, July 27, 1868.
Chap. CCXCIV.—An Act for the Relief of
Zadock T. Newman.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in.
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior be, and he is hereby, directed to place
the name of Zadock T. Newman, late a private
in the seventh provisional regiment enrolled
Missouri militia, upon the pension-roll, at the
rate of four dollars a mouth from the second
day of January, eighteen hundred and sixty-
four, to continue Auring his natural life, sub-
ject to the provisions of the pension laws.
Approved, July 27, 18G8.
Chap. CCXCY.—An Act for the Relief of Mrs.
Alice A. Dryer.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to pay to Alice A. Dryer, widow ot
Hiram Dryer, late a major of the thirteenth
regiment of United States infantry, whose name
is now ou the list of pensioners, the sum ot
twenty-five dollars per month during her widow-
hood, in lieu of the pension she is now receiv-
ing ; this act to take effect from the fifth day of
March, eighteen hundred and sixty-seven, the
day of the death of said Hiram Dryer.
Appf-oved, July 27, 1868.
Chap. CCXCVI.—An Act granting a Pension
to Ann Williams.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to place on the pension-rolls, subject
to the provisions and limitations of the pension
laws, the name of Ann Williams, widow of J ohn
Williams, late of company E, third regiment
of Wisconsin cavalry, commencing May twenty -
sixth, eighteen hundred and sixty-four.
Approved, July 27, 1868.
Chap. CCXCVII.— An Act granting a Pension
to George Truax, late a Private in Company
H, First Regiment of Virginia Volunteers.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives o f the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to place the name of George Truax,
late a private in company II, first regiment of
Virginia volunteers, on the pension-roll^ to be
paid a pension to th e extent of one fourth disabil-
ity, to be increased or cease as the_ subsequent
examinations of the surgeon may disclose, sub-
ject to the rules and regulations of the pension
department, to commence on the twenty-ninth
day of October, anno Domini one thousand
eight hundred and sixty-four,
Appp.oved, July 27, 18G8.
