712
TfiE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 23,
my immediate Representative. I live in his i
d'.jniet and know liis constituents and those '
f..ir wilh him since liis l>o\hood. I have
?■ - ver>ed witli Uiin about public anil personal
m.it.e.'s, ..nd 'utterly fieqnently nnd fully ; 1 can
oi-.'in add to the voices that corae to us from the
llou^e of Representatives iny earnest tribute
of respect to his memory and deep sympathy
for ;lie wife and children who now mourn his
ui.tiuieK fate.
Mr. President, I offer the following resolu-
tions :
I! m!ve<i. That tho Senate ha' received with deep
son i'tUitv tho :innotince;nont of the death of lion.
C >rn'klit?9 S. 11 \mii.t in, late a member of tho Ilouso
ot lloiiresent-vlivcd troui tho Stato of Ohio.
I: vi.'veil. That tho members of tho Senate, as a
mark ofrospe t for the mem ry oi't'.ie deceased, will
pointo uioiirnin? hy >Ti>  rinj crape ou the lett arm
for til.' sp^oe 'if tlnrty d >ys.
Hc-o'vil, That, as a iurther m-'rk of respect fnr
th„> uiouiory of the deceased, the Seuato do now ad-
journ.
The resolutions were adopted; and the Sen-
ate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, January 23, 1868.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by tire Chaplain, llev. C. B. BoYxton.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
mail service on the pacific.
Mr. FLANDERS, by unanimous consent,
presented a joint memorial of the Territory of
Washington, praying mail service by sea from
San Francisco, Calitornia, to Olyinpia, Wash-
ington Territory; which was referred to the
Committee ou the Post Office and Post Roads.
mrs. ella e. hobart.
Mr. BAKER, by unanimous consent, offered
the following resolution; which was read, con-
sidered. and agreed to:
f'esohetl. That the Committee on Military Affairs
be m-trueted to iuquire what measure of relief would
be proper in tuc case of Mrs. Eila E. Uobart, for ser-
vices rendered by her as chaplain 6f first regiment
of Wi-consiu volunteer artillery, and report by bill
or oiuerwise.
soldiers' bounties.
The SPEAKER. The first business in order
is the call of the committees for reports, and
under that call the House resumes the consid-
eration of House bill No. 127, in relation to
additional bounty, pending at the expiration
of the morning hour yesterday, reported from
the Committee ou Military Affairs with an
amendment by the Senate, upon which the
gen'lemun from Indiana [Mr. Washbcrnj has
the floor.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. In answer
to the question of the gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Farxswoiith] whether this amendment
as amended by the committee covers cases aris-
ing from disability in the service, I will say that
the original act already covers those cases, as
will be found by referring to section twelve of
the bounty act of 1866.
Mr. IIOLMAN. Allow me to ask a ques-
tion in this connection. I inquire whether the
widows and children of soldiers who died after
being discharged and before the taking effect
of the act of 1806 receive the additional bounty,
or is it confined to those who died during the
service or s irvi ved until after the passage of the
act of 1 SCO?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. In answer
to my colleague I will say that this bill gives
it to all the classes who are entitled to it uuder
the twelfth and thirteenth sections'of the act
of July 28, I860.
Mr. HOLM AN. My question is this: I
admit that the widow and children of a soldier
who was living at the time that law took effect
receive the bounty; but in the case of a soldier
who was honorably discharged and died before
the taking effect of that law, do his widow and
children receive this bounty under the original
act ?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. As I stated
yesterday, it was not the intention of tbo Com-
mittee on Military Affairs in this bill to enlarge
the classes entitled to bounty under the bounty
act. We have a bill before us, and will report
it in a short time, embodying the views of the
committee in reference to enlarging the pro-
visions of the bounty bill so as to include other
classes. But we did not wish to complicate
this bill. This is a bill that is made necessary
by a decision of the Second Auditor; and
while we do not want to enter into a discussion
of the question whether certain other classes
should not have the bounty, we do think that
this bill giving it to those who were intended
to have it ought to pass. We provide that all
those who are entitled to it under sections
twelve and thirteen of ihe act of July 1866
shall have it. '1 his is simply an explanatory
act, nnd does not extend the bounty to differ-
ent clashes. The original bounty bill does in
exact words ftnswer the question of the gentle-
man from Illinois, [Mr. Farnsworth ;] and I
will further say that the bill now pending is
almost in the identical words of the bill pre-
sented by him a day or two ago. I move the
previous question.
Mr. IIOLMAN. I trust that my colleague
will not move the previous question on this bill,
but will allow a little discussion.
Mr. WASHBUltN, of Indiana. Whatdoes
the gentleman want?
Mr. HOLM AN. I wish a few minutes to
explain the bill and the effect of the amend-
ment.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. Howlong?
Mr. IIOLMAN. About five minutes.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. I yield my
colleague that much time.
Mr. HOLMAN. Itrustthatthisbill,although
it affects only a small class ofpersons, the widows
and children of a certain class of our soldiers,
will not be overlooked; for the class of persons
it does affect are entitled to great consideration
at the hands of the House. The act passed by
Congressin 180Gdid not confer upon the widows
and orphan children of soldiers who died after
being honorably discharged and before the tak-
ing effect of the act of 1866 the additional bounty.
That class of persons was entirely left out of
the provisions of the act of 1866. The bill which
the House passed in July last was intended
simply to confer upon the widows and orphan
children of soldiers who were honorably dis-
charged, but died before the taking effect of
the additional bounty act, the additional bounty
of S100. That was the effect of the bill passed
by the House last July. The Senate amended
that House bill so as not to embrace that class
at all, but simply to confer upon the widows
and children of those who died after the taking
effect of the act of 1866 the additional bounty.
Now, 1 trust that., instead of any attempt to
amend the Senate amendment, my colleague
will, for the purpose of getting a committee of
conference on this question which may recon-
cile the difference between the House and the
Senate, move to disagree to the amendment of
the Senate and let the subject go to a coramit-
tae of conference; for I am very certain that a
committee composed of members both of the
House and the Senate, when they come to con-
sider the question, will not, deprive the widows
and orphan children of soldiers who were hon-
orably discharged, but who died before the tak-
ing effect of the act of 1866, of the additional
bounty which is manifestly due to them as much
as to any class of persons entitled to the bene-
fits of the bounty act.
I am aware, sir, that upon such a subject as
this it is almost impossible to gain the atten-
tion of the House; the class of persons affected
by this bill are not a power in this country;
and it is very possible that by hasty legislation
the purpose which the House had in view when
they acted upon this hill with so much una-
nimity in July last will be entirely defeated.
But my colleague does not propose to reach
the widows ana children of those who were
honorably discharged and died before July,
1866, but simply of those who have died since
the taking effect of that law. I insist that this
House owes it to the country, to the gallant
soldiers who were honorably discharged from
the service and died before the taking effect
of this additional bounty law, that these wid-
ows and children shall have the bounty which
their fathers and husbands would have received
if they had survived until the law of 1860 took
effect.
This amendment of the Senate, with the pro-
posed amendment of the committee, accom-
plishes really nothing, but leaves the widow
or children of the soldier who died after being
honorably discharged and before the taking
effect of the law of 1866 without this additional
bounty—an injustice so glaringly manifest that
it ought to arrest the attention of every gentle-
man here who desires that the widows and or-
phans of those who suffered in the cause of
their country shall receive the benefits to which
the services of their husbands and fathers en-
title them.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. I yield
nothing to my colleague [Mr. Holmak] in my
love for the soldier. I believe that this House
and the country owe to the widows and orphans
of the soldiers a great deal more than that bill
gave them. I thought so then, this House
thought so, and voted that they should have
more. But we are willing to take—not by way
of full and complete settlement—something we
can get without controversy from the Senate.
The Senate already have before them two bounty
bills covering all the gentleman desires: ana
if they desire to do more for the soldier they
can do so by action on those bills. We pro-
pose no w merely to legislate to meet the decision
of the Second Auditor of the Treasury, which
is that where a man has filed his claim, or
where a widow has filed her claim, and after-
ward died before the award was made the
heirs could not receive the additional bounty.
We propose to remedy that defect. I now
yield to the gentleman from Missouri, [Mr.
Pile.]
Mr. PILE. The class of persons to whom
the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Hoi.man]
has referred is only one of a numberof classes
legislation for the relief of which the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs now have under con-
sideration, ana when the committee shall have
arrived at their conclusion upon the general
question of bounties I think they will bring
in a bill which will be sufficiently liberal to
meet the wishes not only of the gentleman
from Indiana, [Mr. Holman,] but of every
other gentleman who wishes to extend to tho
soldiers and to their widows and orphans such
relief as they have earned by their patriotic
services in suppressing the rebellion.
But, what we now seek by this bill-is simply to
set aside the rulingof the Second Auditor cut-
ting off from the benefits of this bill the widow
of the soldier whose claim is now on filerin tho
Department if he happened to die before the
awiird was made. That ruling of the Second
Auditor also cut off the minor children of the
soldier if the widow, after making application
to the Department under the law, happened to
die before the award was made. Under that
ruling the application falls to the ground if
the applicant di'-'s before the award is made,
the settlement of the case requiring a year or
more.
What this bill proposes to do is simply to
explain and make clear and distinct what was
the original intent and meaning of the law as
it now stands applying to the class of persons
to which I have referred. At a future time
the committee will bring in a bill covering the
class named by the gentleman from Indiana
[Mr. Holmax] and other meritorious classes
of soldiers, their widows, and orphans. I hope
this bill will pass.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. I now yield
to the gentleman from Wisconsin, [Mr. Paine.]
Mr. PAINE. I hope that sooner or later
we will pass a bill to give to the widows and
heirs of those soldiers who died before the act
of July, 1866. took effect the same beiefit
which this bill gives to soldiers WHO becam«
