1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
713
entitled to this bounty and afterward died. But
imiMmicli as I see before mc a bill which litis
already received the sanction of botli Houses
ot' Congress. and which secures these benefits
to the heirs and widows of soldiers who have
actually been entitled to this provision under
the net of July. 18(56, I am disposed for one to
avail myself of the benefits which this legisla-
tion, so far matured, secures to the widows and
heirs of such soldiers, trusting to future legis-
lation to make the provision so complete and
full as to include the cases of soldiers who
happened to die before the act of 180*5 took
etleet. Now, with thegentleman from Indiana
[Mr. WasijihrxJ 1 cordially concur in a de-
mand that this House and the Senate shall
adopt some provision of law which shall secure
to the widows and heirs of these soldiers pre-
cisely the benefits which this bill gives to the
widows and heira of soldiers covered by its
provisions. Bat 1 am not willing to sacrifice
tlie good which 1 see cau now be secured by
the passage of this bill for the purpose of con-
ferring some further benefits which are still
demanded and which this measure may fail to
secure. Let us secure to-day the good which
is within our reach and trust to future legisla-
tion for the rest.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Will the gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. W'ashuurx] yield to me live
minutes?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. The time
of the committee is limited; and I wish to
bring this bill to a vote as soon as possible; but
1 will yield to the gentleman live minutes.
Mr. FAUXoWUuTIl. Mr. Speaker, I
think the original bill of the House is much
better than the Senate amendment. If the
latter is to be adopted 1 wish to offer aa amend-
ment to it.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. I cannot
yield for that purpose.
Mr. FAUNSW OtlTH. I will read to the
House the amendmeut I desire to offer if the
previous question should not be sustained. It
is to add the following provision :
Provided. That the heirs of soldiers who have died
or may die iii consequence of diseaso contracted iu
the service and in tae line of their duty shall be
E laccd upon the same looting as though Euch soldiers
ad died or should hereafter die of wounds received
ill battle.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. Letmecall
the gentleman's attention to the last clause of
section twelve of the act we are amending. I
ask the Clerk to read it.
The Clerk read as follows:
"And tie widow, minor children, or parents, in the
order nauied, ot any such soldier wno died in the scr-
tic j of tac L uitedalatos. or ot disease or wouads con-
tracted while in tlte service it ml in the line of duty,
shall tie V .id tiie additional bounty of $iU0 h«roby '
autaoriied." J
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Yes, sir; but that :
means the widows and heirs of those whohad 1
died before the passage of the act, and is so
construed. That is the trouble. My amend-
ment would extend the acFto those who have
died since the passage of the act, so that the
heirs of a soldier who has died of disease since
the passage of the act shall be placed upon the
same footing as if he died of wounds received
in battle.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. If the sol-
dier has died since the passage of the act will
not the widow receive the bounty under our
amendment ?
Mr. FARNSWOKTH. No, sir; the amend-
ment of the Senate as amended by the com-
mittee does not meet the case at all, because
many a soldier at the time of the passage of
the act was not entitled to the bounty because
he had not died, if 1 may be allowed that ex-
pression. I refer to cases in which the soldier
had not served his two years, bat was dis-
charged before the expiration of the two years
on account of disease incurred from exposure
in the line of his duty. If he had been dis-
charged on account of wounds his heirs would
get the bounty ; but as he wa3 discharged be-
cause of disease and has since died his heirs
cannot get the bounty. That is the distinction
ti liich is made . so that the amendment of the
Senate does not meet the case. It is for that
reason I desire to offer my amendment, and I
think there can be no objection to it. 1 desire
that the heirs of soldiers who have died from
disease contracted in the line of their duty shall
be placed upon the same footing as the heirs
of soldiers who have died from wounds re-
ceived in battle.
Mr. GARFIELD. The gentleman will al-
low me to say that they are both embraced in
the present law. ]
Mr. FARNSWORTH. They are not.
Mr. GARFIELD. Begging the gentleman's
pardon. I must say that he is mistaken.
Mr. FARNSWORTII. No, sir ; I tell the
gentleman that the present law, under the
construction given to it, does not give the
bounty to the neirs of soldiers who have died
since the passage of the law if they were
discharged on account of disease before the
expiration of the^r two years ; while it does
give the bounty to the heirs of those who were
discharged on account of wounds before they
had served the two years. That is the distinc-
tion.
Mr. GARFIELD. Let me read the con-
cluding clause of the twelfth section of the act
of I860:
"And any such soldier enlisted for not less than
three year?, who has been honorably discharged on
account of wounds received in the lino of duty, and
the widow, minor children, or parents, in tho order
named, of any such soldier who died in tho scrvico
of tho United States, or of disease or wounds con-
tracted while in the service and in the line of duty,
shall be paid the additional bounty of $100 hereby
authorized."
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Now, let me call
the gentleman's attention to the effect of that
provision. If a soldier had died from disease
before the passage of the act it would meet
his case; but it does not meet the case of a
soldier who has since died of disease. The
first part of the provision read by the gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Garfield] applies to
the case of a soldier enlisted for three years
and discharged on account of wounds before
serving the three years ; but it does not apply
to the case of a soldier discharged on account
of disease.
Mr. GARFIELD. Will the gentleman allow
me to say one word? The Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs have had before them so many
Cropositions in reference to bounty that they
ave decided to act upon all questions touch-
ing enlargement of the bounty separately.
They agreed that in this case they would take
no action to enlarge the scope of the bounty
act, but would merely perfect the details of
the law, so as to embrace all cases in which the
law intended to give bounties. In the amend-
ments we hava offered we have sought to do
this: we have sought to do nothing else. We
hope that the House will pass this bill in its
present form, and allow the committee to de-
liberate very carefully on any proposition that
maycomebefore them for enlarging the bounty.
I hope the House will not include in this bill
any proposition for extending the scope of the
bounty act.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Mr. Speaker, I sup-
pose we all want a good bounty bill; that all
sides are in favor of a fair bounty bill and want
to place our soldiers upon an equality with ref-
erence to it. This bill does not accomplish that
purpose; and I ask my friend from Ohio [Mr.
Gaufield] whether he has any objection to
placing the heirs of soldiers who died from dis-
ease incurred while in the Army upon the same
footing as the heirs of those who died from
wounds received in battle? Can there be any
objection to it? I think no member can object
to it. Then let as incorporate this in the amend-
ment. If we cannot do so let us non-concur
and try to get a good bill in the committee of
conference. Tnis bill does not meet the case,
although we have gone on patching and patch-
ing it.
Mr. HOLMAN. I desire to put an inquiry
to my friend.
Mr. GARFIELD. I hope the previous ques-
tion will be called for.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. I demand
the previous question.
The House divided ; and there were—ayes
40, noes 38 ; no quorum voting.
Mr. HOLMAN demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Washburn,
of Indiana, and Mr. Haight were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 00, noes 39.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was then ordered to be
now put.
The question first recurred on the following
amendments of the Committee on Military Af-
fairs :
Amend Senate amendment as follow*:
In lino three insert after the word "person "the
words " or persoua."
Strike out the words " as a soldier" in lino three.
The amendments were severally agreed to.
The question then recurred on the amend-
ment of the Senate, as amended, as follows:
Strike out all after the enacting c.Uuse and insert:
That if a person, entitled as asoldier to the bounty
provided by sections twelvo and thirteen of the act
inukingappropriationsfortho civil service, approved
July 15), lstiti, has died or shall die before receiving
said bounty, it shall be ))aid to the heirs of the sol-
dier as designated in said act in the order thorein
named, and to none other.
The House divided ; and there were—ayes
43, noes 30 ; no quorum voting.
Mr. HOLMAN. If the House votes down
the Senate amendment cannot the whole sub-
ject then go to a committee of free conference
between the two Houses?
The SPEAKER. When the operation of
the previous question has commenced it must
be executed.
Mr. HOLMAN. If the Senate's amend-
ment be rejected cannot the subject then be
referred to a committee of conference?
The SPEAKER.^That will be for the House
to determine
Mr. HOLMAN. I demand the yeas and
nays on the Senate amendment as amended.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 85, nays 51; not voting
52 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Arnell, Jame; M.Ashley. Bai-
ley, Baker.Baldwin, Barnes, Beamnn, Benton, Bing-
ham, Boutwell, BromweII,Brooinall,B«cklan(l, But-
ler, Cake,Churchill, Reader W. Clarke, Sidney Ciiirke,
Cobb, Coburn, Dawes, Dixon, Dodge, Drisgs, Ela,
Eliot, Ferriss, Ferry, Fields, Garfield, Gctz, Hawkins,
1 Hiyby, Hopkins, llulburd. Hunter, Jenekes, Judd,
Julian, Ketchum, Koontz, MaHory, Marvin. Mny-
nard, Miller, Morrell, Mullins, Myers,Nunn,O'Neill,
Paine. Perhara, Pile, Plants, Poland, Polsley, Pome-
roy. Price, Robertson, Sawyer, Schenck, Scoficld,
Shanks, Sitffreaves, Smith, Spalding, Starkweather,
Aaron F .Stevens, Thaddeus Stevens, Stewart, Thom-
as, John Trimble,Trowbridge, Twichell.Upson.Ward,
Cadwaladcr C. Washburn, Elihu B. Washbnrne,
Henry D. Washburn, William I!. Washburn, Wclker,
Thomas Williams, William Williams, and Stephen F.
Wilson—85.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Anderson, Axtell, Bar-
num, Bcek.Boyer, Burr.Chanler.Cook. Covode,Don-
nelly, Eckloy, Eggleston.Eldridge. Farnsworth, Fox,
Glossbreuner, Golladay, Gravely, Griswold, llaight,
Harding, Ilolman, Hotehkiss, Asahcl W. Hubbard,
Chester D. Hubbard,Ingersoli, Johnson, Jones, Kel-
sey. Kerr, Knott, William Lawrence, MeClurg, Mo-
Cormick, Mercur, Moore. Moorhead, Morgan, New-
comb, Niblnck, Randall, Ross, Lawrence S. Trimble.
Robert T. Van Horn. Van Trump, Van Wyek, James
F. Wilson, John T. Wilson, Windom. and Wood-
ward—51. , , „ , _
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Archer, Delos R.
Ashley, Banks, Benjamin, Blaine, Blair, Brooks,
Cary, Cornell. Cullom, Finney,Grover, Halscy, Hill,
Hooper, Richard D. Hubbard, Humphrey. Kelley,
Kitchen, LaOin, George V. Lawrence, Lincoln,Loan,
Logan, Louzhridge, Lynch,Marshall, McCarthy, Mo-
Cul lough. Morrissey, Mungen, Nicholson, Orth, Pe-
ters, Phelps, Pike, Pruyn, Raum, Robinson. Selyc.
Shellabarger, Stokes, Stone, Taber.Taffe, Taylor.Van
Acrnam, Van Auken, Burt Van Horn, Wood, and
W oodbridger—52.
So the Senate amendment, as amended, was
concurred in.
During the roll-call,
Mr. CULLOM said: I was detained on a
committee until the roll-call was completed.
If I had a right to vote I would vote '* No."
Mr. BANKS. I was engaged on the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs with other members.
I did not know that the roll was being called
until it was closed. I ask leave that my eel-
leagues on the committee and I may vote.
