1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
715
small trader, and the mechanic, who has money '
enough to buy one lot and build a house, but
not to buy more, will have an equal chance
with men who have more capital to get him-
self a home upon this ground.
Mr. MAYNARD. I would ask the gentle-
man how much ground there is at this St. Louis
arsenal ?
Mr. PILE. About twenty-seven acres.
Mr. MAYNARD. How near is it to the
business part of the city '?
Mr. PILE. There are business places and
manufactories all around it on three sides.
Mr. MAYNARD. Are there any purchas-
ers in contemplation?
Mr. PILE. Every lot will be bought at
auction when it is exposed for sale.
Mr. MAYNARD. I would ask whether this
property, if it were retained by the Government,
would not appreciate in value and become
more valuable, say in the course of five or ten
years from this time ?
Mr. PILE. It possibly would ; but the Gov-
ernment is in danger every month that it re-
tains the machinery and stores at these build-
ings of losing by accident, from the proximity
of the arsenal to manufactories and private
dwellings built right up against it, five times the
appreciation that may be attained by holding
the property for four or five years longer.
With reference to the reservation at Fort
Leavenworth I will say that it is a very large
reservation, six miles one way and three and a
half the other. About two thousand acres of the
reservation is on the east side of the Missouri
river, low, flat, bottom land, which was pre-
viously covered by a dense growth of timber,
but that has been cut off by the military author-
ities for use as fuel and lumber at the fort,
until now it is almost stripped of timber.
This is of no further use to the Government;
it is not deemed by the military authorities of
any further value to the Government, and they
recommend that that part of the reservation be
sold.
Adjoining the city of Leavenworth there is
a strip of land embracing about six hundred
acres, between the city limits of the city of
Leavenworth and a line running parallel with
Corral Ravine, commencing on the Missouri
river at the mouth of Corral Ravine. This will
leave one mile between the boundary thus fixed
and the fort, so that there will be no danger
of bringing the population of the city in too
close proximity to the fort by the sale of this
portion of the reservation. It is very desirable
that this land should be sold. The officers in
charge of Fort Leavenworth favor the sale of
that portion of the reservation, as do General
Sherman, General Sheridan, General Grant,
and the Secretary>of War.
I now desire to make a single remark upon
one provision of the bill, and then I will yield
for any question gentlemen may desire to ask,
or to any suggestion other gentlemen may desire
to make. I refer to that provision of the sec-
ond section of the bill providing that in the sale
of the ground upon which the St. Louis arse-
nal is situated, the sale shall be made by lots,
payment to be made one third in cash, the
balance in one and two years at six per cent,
interest.
I have been familiar for years with the sale
of real estate in St. Louis. I know it has
been frequently attempted to sell real estate
there for cash, and that in every such instance
the owner has failed to realize by twenty to
twenty-five per cent, what property right along-
side of that has realized when sold in the
manner indicated in this bill. There are so
many people there who want to buy property,
and who have money enough to pay one third
of the price, and not enough to pay the bal-
ance ; and money is worth so much there for
use to a large number of the population that
they will pay from twenty to twenty-five per
cent, more for land if they can buy it on these
terms than if it is sold for cash down.
If the officers having charge of this sale
execute deeds of trust for the us« and benefit
of the United States Government, which is the
method in use there of securing payment for
land sold, there will be no danger of any loss
on the part of the Government. The Govern-
ment will get six per cent, interest on the de-
ferred payments, and I am certain more will
be realized, by from twenty to twenty-five per
cent., than if the sale was made for cash. |
Mr. WARD. Will the gentleman yield to '
me for a question ? j
Mr. PILE. Certainly.
Mr. WARD. I was out of the Hall when j
this bill came up to-day. I would inquire of
the gentleman what object there is in tearing
down one arsenal and building up another?
Mr. PILE. I think if the gentleman had
given attention to the explanation 
Mr. WARD. I was not present.
Mr. PILE. Very well; I will answer the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Ward] by
saying that the present arsenal at St. Louis is
inside the city limits. It is surrounded by
population on three sides. This population,
with the manufactories, saw-mills, steam-mills
there, using fuel, is in such proximity to this
arsenal, with its stores of powder and ammu-
nition, make the danger of explosion very great,
and the inconvenience to citizens is of such
magnitude, that the growth of that portion of
the city is very much hindered. The United
States Government has a reservation only
twelve miles below.
Mr. WARD. Can this land be sold for
enough to pay for erecting a new arsenal ?
Mr. PILE. For three times as much. There
is a blank in the fourth section to be filled,
to limit the amount that shall be expended for
the establishment of this arsenal at Jefferson
barracks.
I shall move at the proper time to fill that
blank by inserting $'200,000. The arsenal
grounds in the city of St. Louis will certainly
sell for from four hundred thousand to five
hundred and fifty thousand dollars. Some per-
sons are of opinion that they will bring even
$600,000; and I have seen some estimates as
: high as $1,000,000.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I ask the gentle-
man from Missouri [Mr. Pile] to yield to me
that I may offer an amendment.
Mr. PILE. I will hear the amendment.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. It is to strike out
the fourth section providing for the establish-
ment of an arsenal at Jefferson barracks. I
propose to offer this amendment for the reason
that the Government has already established
i an armory and arsenal at Rock Island, and is
expending a great deal of money in erecting
works there which shall answer all the demands
of the Government in that part of the country.
] Mr. PILE. I will allow the gentleman to
j offer the amendment.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I move to amend
by striking out the fourth section of the bill.
My object is to prevent a large expenditure for
i the establishment of a new arsenal, when the
! arsenal at Rock Island will, as I think, answer
every purpose. 1 desire also to offer another
amendment, providing that the money received
from the sale of these grounds shall be paid
I into the Treasury of the United States,
j Mr. GARFIELD. There is already a pro-
I vision of that kind in the bill.
i Mr. PILE. Mr. Speaker, I wish to say a
i word in reply to the gentleman from Iowa,
[Mr. Wilson.] The chief of ordnance, the
Secretary of War, and General Grant are all
very strongly opposed to abandoning entirely
the arsenal at St. Louis. They say that the
necessities of the military service in the West
and South require an arsenal for storage and
repairs solely, either at St. Louis or Jefferson
barracks. The bill is so guarded that this
arsenal shall be only for storage and repairs,
not for manufacturing. Very little repairing
will be done there. During a part of the year
it is difficult to reach Rock Island, the river
being frozen. Hence such an arsenal as is pro-
posed in this bill is necessary to furnish sup-
' plies in the West, the Southwest, and the South,
i'his arsenal is for storage mainly and for repairs
in a very small way. It will not cost probably
$200,000. The chief of ordnance is of opinion
that it will not cost that much. I have no objec-
tion to reducing the amount, if it be deemed
proper, to $150,000.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope the
gentleman will offer such an amendment. I
think there should probably be in the neigh-
borhood of St. Louis an arsenal merely for
the deposit of arms.
Mr. LOGAN. An arsenal for repairs can-
not be constructed for $150,000.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I did not
suppose the bill contemplated anything more
than an arsenal for storage. I do not think
it right to build up another extensive arsenal
in that portion of the country when we have
spent so much money on the Rock Island
arsenal.
Mr. PILE. An arsenal for storage is a
necessity either at St. Louis or Jefferson bar-
rEcks
Mr.' WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Then I
suggest to the gentleman to amend the bill so
as to specify "an arsenal for storage and the
preservation of arms."
Mr. PILE. I move to amend by striking
out the words " repair and," so as to make the
clause read "an arsenal at Jefferson barracks,
Missouri, for the storage of arms."
There being no objection, the amendment
was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Iowa
[Mr. Wilson] has moved to strike out the
fourth section. The vote on that amendment
will be reserved.
Mr. MUNGEN. I simply wish to say that
an arsenal for the storage of arms should im-
ply the right to overhaul and repair those arms
whenever necessary. When arffis have laid
in an arsenal a year or two they need overhaul-
ing, cleaning up, &c.
Mr. PILE. I have no doubt that will bo
understood as included in the term storage.
I yield now to the gentleman from New York.
Mr. BARNES. I desire to ask whether it
is incorporated in the bill that this property
shall be sold otherwise than for cash ?
Mr. PILE. The movable property is to
be sold for cash. The real estate, the ground,
it is provided shall be sold at public auction,
payment one third in cash, and the balance in
one and two years, secured by deed of trust
on the property sold, with six per cent, in-
terest. The Government will realize from
twenty to twenty-five per cent, more in this
way.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask the
gentleman to amend the bill so that the title,
until all the money shall be paid, shall remain
in the Government, and thus save the Govern-
ment from going through the form of a deed
of trust and being compelled to go into a court
of chanceryfor the purpose of gettinga decree.
Mr. PILE. If the gentleman was well ac-
quainted with the law of the State of Missouri
and the practice there in reference to the sale
of real estate he would not object. When real
estate is sold the vendor gives a deed to tho
purchaser, and the purchaser secures the de-
ferred payments to the seller by deed of trust.
That deed of trust is executed and the property
sold to make the money, without proccss of
law, on advertisement of twenty days. It is
that which I desire to accomplish by a deed
of trust.
Mr. LOGAN. I ask the gentleman to insert
the word "only" after the word "storage."
Mr. PILE. I think it is explicit enough
now.
Mr. LOGAN. It may be explicit enough
for us, but not for others. I therefore ask the
word " only" shall be inserted.
Mr. PILE. I hare no objection to accept
that as a modification of the bill.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. I offer the fol-
lowing amendment to the third section of the
bill:
Provided, That no part of the Fort Leavenworth
reservation west of tho Missouri river shall be sold in
lota exceeding ten acres each.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I desire to modify
