716
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 23,
the amendment I hare offered so as to strike I
from the fourth section all afterthe word "the"
down to and including the word '"of," so it
will then read :
Andbe it further enaetrri. That the proceeds of tho
salpof the property provided tor in this act shall bo
paid into the treasury of tho United States.
Mr. BOUTWELL. Let me have the atten-
tion of the gentleman from Missouri for one
moment. Is it not true if we establish an arse-
nal for any purpose it will soon come to be an
arsenal for all purposes and involve the expend-
iture of immense sums of money? That is the
history of all these small beginnings.
Mr. PILE. The military authorities are all
in favor of this work, and they are distinct in
saying they have no desire to establish such an
arsenal as the gentleman refers to. It is tied
up in this bill so there can be no such arsenal
without further legislation by Congress. But
an arsenal is necessary there for the purposes
of storage. The military authorities agree in
that opinion, and when only $150,000 is asked
for I hope there will be no serious objection to
the establishment of this arsenal for storage
only.
Mr. VAN WYCK. What is the necessity for
destroying the arsenal at Liberty, Missouri?
Mr. PILE. There is no arsenal there, but
simply arsenal grounds.
Mr. VAN WYCK. I ask the gentleman
whether the magnificent arsenal at Rock Island
is not sufficiently near to answer all the pur-
poses of storage of arms? There is an im-
mense arsenal there which has cost us a large
amount of money.
Mr. PILE. 1 have already answered that
question two or three times, that during some
seasons of the year, the river being closed up,
the arsenal at Rock Island is not easily access-
ible. The arsenal provided for in this bill is
necessary for supplying the forts in the South
and Southwest, and the military authorities are
unanimous in its favor.
Mr. VAN WYCK. Cannot the quartermas-
ter's department find sufficient storage at Port
Leavenworth daring that season when Rock
Island is closed tip ? And I would like to
know what quantity of land it is proposed to
sell of the Fort Leavenworth reservation ?
Mr. PILE. About six hundred acres on the
west side of the river and two thousand on the
c&sfc side
Mr. VAN WYCK. Then I think the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Kansas [Mr.
Clarke] is proper. Will the gentleman allow
an amendment to be offered providing that the
lots in St. Louis shall be sold separately ? The
history of the country shows a little experience
in frittering away these reservations. I there-
fore ask the gentleman to accept the amend-
ment
Mr. PILE. It is provided now that they
shall be sold by lots.
Mr. VAN WYCK. Separately.
Mr. PILE. If you can sell by lots without
selling separately 
Mr. VAN WYCK. They are to be put up
in lots and sold, but I understand no provision
is made requiring them to be sold separately.
You may sell a thousand in one parcel. I ask
if it is the intention of the committee not to
accept the amendment?
Mr. PILE. If the gentleman will give me
his attention I will satisfy him in that regard
by yielding to him with the greatest possible
pleasure to move to insert the word "sep-
arately." He need not become so vehement
on the subject. [Laughter.] I have no objec-
tion to the amendment, though I think the bill
abundantly makes that provision.
Mr. VAN WYCK. I desire 
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Missouri [Mr. Pile] yield to the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Van Wyck?]
Mr. PILE. I decline to yield further.
Mr. VAN WYCK. Then I will crave the
indulgence of the House to olfer the amend-
ment.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mis-
souri has the floor.
Mr. PILE. I yield to the gentleman from
Illinois, [Mr. Harding.]
Mr. HARDING. I desire to say, in the
hearing of the House, that there is a com-
munication in the depth of winter between
Rock Island and St. Louis, and that in 1862
and 1863 if there had been no communication
there would not have been any of the gentle-
man's constituents under the old flag in that
neighborhood. [Laughter.]
Mr. PILE. I desire to say, in answer to
the remark of the gentlemen from Illinois,
[Mr. Harding,] that the loyal people of St.
Louis took care of the arsenal there and
captured Camp Jackson, with the treasonable
hordes that were collected there, and were
abundantly able themselves to take care of
the St. Louis arsenal. And, with reference to
the suggestion about the railroad communica-
tion, the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Hard-
ing] most know that the transportation of ord-
nance stores, including ammunition, by rail-
road is a dangerous thing, and the War De-
partment desires to avoid it. I now yield to
the chairman of the committee five minutes.
Mr. GARFIELD. I desire to say only a
word in regard to the bill.
Mr. HARDING. I was there with my regi-
ment anyhow. [Laughter.]
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Garfield] has the floor.
Mr. GARFIELD. The Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs in considering this subject adopted
a rule that whenever public property was sold
in any considerable quantity the proceeds
should be paid into the Treasury of the United
States, and then if any buildings were wanted
they could be built in accordance with the law
and paid for out of the Treasury. It was thought
to be more business-like to do so. We there-
fore struck out all the provisions in the ori-
ginal bill relating to Rock Island and only
consented that enough of this money should be
directed to provide for the proper storage and
repair of arms in the Jefferson barracks. The
word " repair" has now been stricken out, and
there was a blank purposely left for the amount
to be inserted for the arsenal for storage pur-
poses.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Will the gentle-
man allow me to ask a question ?
Mr. GARFIELD. Yes, sir.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. The gentleman
states correctly that the word "repair" has
been stricken out, but the provision for ma-
chinery remains. What is to be done with
that?
Mr. GARFIELD. The word "storage" is
left in. I suppose they can have it stored, if
it is desired.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. The bill provides
for machinery.
Mr. GARFIELD. The gentleman need not
have interrupted me, for I agree with him. I
do not deem it necessary now to provide for
the arsenal at all at Jefferson, there being an
arsenal at Rock Island and at Fort Leaven-
worth, and one recommended further west,
which we shall probably ask for before long.
But I suggest that whatever is needed to be
done hereafter may be done by a separate bill.
Mr. PILE. The effect of that would be to
defeat the whole sale of the St. Louis arsenal
grounds. I am certain that if the bill is so
modified and no provision for an arsenal at St.
Louis is included in the bill, and it goes to the
Senate, and they refer to the military authori-
ties, the military authorities will be so urgent
in their representations of the necessity of an
arsenal there to be established now, so that
the stores and other public property can be
transferred from St. Louis to Jefferson bar-
racks during the time of the laying out and
sale of this ground, that they will defeat the
whole bill.
1 am certain that the Secretary of War and
the General of the Army will not recommend
the passage of the bill and the sale of the St.
Louis arsenal without a provision to establish
an arsenal for storage at Jefferson barracks.
To yield the provision establishing an arsenal
at Jefferson barracks is, in my judgment, to
yield the whole bill so far as the sale of the
arsenal at St. Louis is concerned.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. I desire to
ask the gentleman if we have not got an arsenal
at Indianapolis in direct communication with
St. Louis and another at Columbus, Ohio?
Mr. PILE. I do not know the character of
the arsenal at Indianapolis.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. It cost a
good deal of money at least.
Mr. PILE. I now ask that the vote be
taken.
Mr. VAN WYCK. I move to amend the
second section by adding after the word
"sold" in the ninth line the word "sepa-
rately." While that section provides for the
surveying and cutting up into small lots of this
very valuable tract of land, it nowhere requires
that the lots shall be sold separately.
Mr. PILE. I have no objection to thatamend-
ment.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move to lay the bill
and amendments on the table. You and I, sir,
have some recollections of the sale of Fort
Snelling, and this seems to be something anal-
ogous.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mis-
souri [Mr. Pile] desires to offer a further
amendment.
Mr. MAYNARD. I withdraw my motion to
allow it to come in.
Mr. PILE. I move to fill the blank in sec-
tion four with the words " one hundred and
fifty thousand."
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move to
add after those words the words "and no build-
ings or works shall be contracted for to cost a
larger sum."
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I desire
to ask thegentleman from Missouri [Mr. Pile]
a question. If I recollect our legislation aright,
there was a very large appropriation made for
this same purpose for the arsenal at Rock Isl-
and. I want to know how much was appro-
priated at the last session of Congress for the
arsenal at Rock island?
Mr. PILE. I do not remember the amount
of the appropriation for Rock Island. I will
say to the gentleman from Pennsylvania that
that is not involved in this bill. This is not
in reference to the Rock Island arsenal.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. No; I
know that; but if we have an arsenal at Rock
Island, that may obviate the necessity of this
large appropriation. My recollection is that
the appropriation was over half a million.
Mr. PILE. I think it was something over
half a million. But there is now at St. Louis
an arsenal for storage and repairs, and that
arsenal is situated on ground within the city
limits of St. Louis, with a population all around
it on the north, west, and south sides. That
population is in dangerous proximity to tho
arsenal. The- military authorities are of the
opinion that it should be removed to Jefferson
barracks, the present arsenal being broken up
and an arsenal for the storage of arms and
ammunition for the supply of the West and
Southwest established at Jefferson barracks,
on the reservation twelve miles below St. Louis,
to cost not more than $150,000.
The proceeds of the sale of the arsenal at
St. Louis will exceed by two hundred and fifty
or three hundred thousand dollars, probably
four hundred thousand dollars, the cost of the
establishment of an arsenal at Jefferson bar-
r&cks
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. My idea
was that there was no necessity for an arsenal
there.
Mr. PILE. The military authorities say
otherwise.
Mr. MAYNARD. I now renew the motion
that the bill and peuding amendments be laid
on the table.
The question was taken; and upon a divis-
ion there were—ayes 42, noes 55.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. MAYNARD called for the yeas and
nays.
