602
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 21, 1868.
40th Cong....2d Sess.
Laws of the United States,
the amounts receipted for to them respectively
by Abiel W. Tinkham ; and to the credit of
Lieutenant John C. Palfrey the amount re-
ceipted for to him by John J. Lee ; and to the
credit of Mr. John J. Lee the amount receipted
for to him by L. H. Eaton : Provided, That
the said Charles H. Bigelow, Abiel W. Tink-
ham, John J. Lee, and L. H. Eaton shall each
be held to the same accountability to the Uni-
ted States for the amounts transferred to them,
respectively, at the time of transfer, and for
advances made to them from the Treasury, as
was at the time of transfer required by law
and regulations from officers of the corps of
engineers: And provided further, That this
authority shall have no further application
than to such accounts of [the] aforesaid per-
sons as have been already examined and ap-
proved by the Chief of Engineers, and are
found to contain a full and satisfactory ac-
counting for all the public money which came
into the hands of the aforesaid persons under
the circumstances aforesaid, viz.: C. H. Bige-
low, thirty-eight thousand three hundred and
fifty-one dollars and seventy-four cents; J. J.
Lee, three thousand five hundred .and eight
dollars and ninety-five cents; A. "VV. Tinkham,
twelve thousand nine hundred and ten dollars
and thirteen cents; L. H. Eaton, ninety dol-
lars and eighty-five cents ; all of which money
having been expended upon the fortifications
of the States of Massachusetts, New Hamp-
shire, and Maine.
Approved, July 13, 18G8.
No. G5.—Joint Resolution for the Belief of
Henry B. Ste. Marie.
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of State
is hereby authorized and directed to pay out
of the eivil-service fund of his Department the
sum of ten thousand dollars to Henry B. Sainte
Marie, for services and information in the
arrest of John H. Surratt, in the kingdom of
Italy, charged with the crimes of conspiracy
and murder.
Approved, July 20, 18G8.
No. 6G.—Joint Resolution for the Relief of
Z. M. Hall.
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasury is hereby authorized, in his discretion,
to refund to Z. M. Hall, of Chicago, the sum
of one hundred and four dollars and ten cents,
being the tonnage tax paid on the schooner S.
B. Pomeroy, in error by the master of said
schooner, at the port of Bay City, on the twenty-
first of April, eighteen hundred and sixty-
eight., said tax having been paid by said Hall
at Chicago, on the sixteenth April, eighteen
hundred and sixty-eight.
Approved, July 20, 1868.
No. 70.—A Resolution for the Restoration of
Commander Aaron IC Hughes, United States
Navy, to the Active List from the Retired List.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the President of the
United States be authorized to nominate, and
by and with the advice and consent of the Sen-
ate, to appoint Commander Aaron K. Hughes
to the active list of the Navy, with the rank to
which he may be entitled therein.
Approved, July 23, 1868.
No. 71.—Joint Resolution for the Relief of
Peter M. Carmichael, Surveyor of the Port
of Albany.
Be it resohed by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the proper account-
ing officers of the Treasury Department be,
and they are hereby, authorized, in auditing
and adjusting the accounts of Peter M. Car-
michael, surveyor of the port of Albany, to
admit and allow the charge of one thousand and
eight dollars, the same having been paid by
him to John Hastings, deputy surveyor and
inspector of said port.
Approved, July 23, 1868.
No. 85.—A Resolution to construe an Act
entitled "An Act to authorize the Account-
ing Officers of the Treasury to settle the
Accounts of Andrew S. Core."
Resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled-, Thatan act entitled "An
act to authorize the accounting officers of the
Treasury to settle the accounts of Andrew S.
Core," shall be so construed as to authorize
and direct the said accounting officers to settle
and close the said accounts by crediting the
said Core with the amount of such uncollectable,
or unaccounted for, tax-lists or bills placed
in his hands for collection as they may be satis-
fied have been lost or destroyed by reason of
rebel raids, and have not been collected by him.
Approved, July 27, 1868.
No. 86.'—A Resolution for the Relief of Jona-
than S. Turner.
A¥hereas Jonathan S. Turner, of Fair Haven,
in the county of New Haven and State of Con-
necticut, did obtain letters-patent of the United
States of America, for improvement in alarm
clocks, dated July thirteen, eighteen hundred
and fifly-two; and whereas the said Jonathan
S. Turner did, on or about, the twenty-seventh
day of December, eighteen hundred and sixty-
five, file in the Patent Office his petition or
application for an extension of the term, in
accordance with the provisions of the eighteenth
section of the patent act, approved July four,
eighteen hundred and thirty-six, and complied
with all the requirements of the rules and
laws applicable thereto, except the inadvertent
omission of one revenue stamp of the value of
five cents, for which omissioil only the acting
Commissioner of Patents did, on the twelfth
day of July, eighteen hundred and sixty-six,
refuse to extend the said patent: Therefore,
Resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That tbe Commissioner of
Patents be, and he is hereby, authorized to
extend the term of the said patent to the said
Jonathan S. Turner, for the term of seven
years from and after the thirteenth day of July,
eighteen hundred and sixty-six, which said
patent, so extended, shall have the same valid-
ity, force, and effect, as though the extension
had been allowed and certified by the said
Commissioner of Patents, in accordance with
the eighteenth section of the patent act, ap-
proved July four, eighteen hundred and thirty-
six,^before the expiration of the original term
named in said patent.
Approved, July 27, 1868.
No. 87.—Joint Resolution for the Relief of
Martha E. King.
Be itresolvedbythe Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Paymaster Gen-
eral of the United States Army be, and is
hereby, directed to pay to Martha B. King,
widow of Clinton King, late of the county of
Carroll and State of Tennessee, deceased, a
sum equal to the pay of a first lieutenant of
cavalry from the fifteenth day of September,
eighteen hundred and sixty-three, to the tenth
day of March, eighteen hundred and sixty-
four ; and that the Secretary of the Interior
be, and he is hereby, directed to place the
name of the said Martha E. King on the pen-
sion-roll, and she shall be entitled to the pen-
sion provided by law for the widow of a first
lieutenant of cavalry who died in the military
service of the United States of disease con-
tracted while in such service and in the line of
duty, since the fourth day of March, eighteen
hundred and sixty-one.
Approved, July 27, 1868.
