718
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 23,
in the Senate of Ohio with a fidelity and an
ability which secured tor him a high reputation
throughout theS'ute. During the first session
hewits maile chairman of a committee intrusted
with the important duty of investigating cer-
tain alleged frauds connected with the leasing
of the public works of the State. His investi-
gations and researches were prominent topics
of discussion by the press and political par-
ties, but the concurrent testimony of all con-
nected with them is that he dared to do what
he conceived to be his duty, and no party
fealty could induce him to swerve from that,
whatever might be the peril to him personally
or to the party whose general principles he
supported. In the discussions to which this
led he wielded a pen the power of which has
never, perhaps, been more forcibly felt in any
State controversy; but it belongs rather to the
history of Ohio than to especial consideration
here. When the national internal revenue
act of July 1, ISO:.', was put in operation he
was appointed by President Lincoln assessor
of the eighth congressional district of Ohio,
and performed the duties of the office with an
ability, energy, and fidelity which commanded
the public approval and the confidence of all
in his unsullied integrity. After the Phila-
delphia convention of 1866, being opposed to
the policy of President Johnson, he was re-
lieved of the position he had so well and so
faithfully filled.
In August, 1866, he was nominated as a
candidate for Congress in the eighth Ohio dis-
trict, and in October of that year was elected
over his competitor by over eighteen hundred
majority.
While engaged in his duties here as a mem-
ber of the present Congress during the past
month he was notified by his wife that one of
their sons was seriously afflicted with indica-
tions of insanity. He immediately repaired to
his home to find his worst fears realized. On
Saturday, the 21st December, he had made
arrangements to remove the insane son to an
asylum on the Monday following. On the
morning of the next day, the Sabbath, while
engaged in feeding his stock, the son, in a fit
of frenzy, bereft of reason and unconscious of
crime, with a strip of plank struck the fatal
blows which, fracturing the skull of his father,
produced instant death.
This son is described in perhaps the last
letter ever written by our departed colleague,
thus:
"lie has been one of the most quiet, industrious,
and exemplary boys I ever knew, and my chief reli-
ance for the management of my affairs and the con-
trol of my other children in my absence."
Thus passed away, in the prime of manhood,
by a sad calamity, just as he had entered on
an enlarged sphere of usefulness, one among
the able and useful men of the nation, honored
and beloved by all who knew him. Few men
in Ohio wielded an abler pen, or wielded it
from higher convictions of duty, than did Mr.
Hamilton. j
In I860 two distinguished citizens were pro-
posed as rival candidates before the Repub-
lican State convention of Ohio for Governor ;
the one since a clyef justice of Ohio, and the
other now Chief Justice of the United States.
Both were radically anti-slavery in their views,
though Chief Justice Chase had been, perhaps, 1
more prominently distinguished in this respect,
and was, for that reason, preferred by Mr.
Hamilton. When remonstrated with 011 the
score of the loss of patronage to the press he
controlled and of expediency as a party meas-
ure of running candidates of such decided
opinions, he said, with great emphasis :
"Of one thing the public may be assured: whoever
shall be nominated I will not be the apologist of any
form of iniquity. Whatever is right is right, and I
will offer no apology for advocating what is right."
When the Thirty-Ninth Congress commenced '
the discussion of the great work of reconstrnc- j
tion Mr. Hamilton" wrote and published a nms- !
terly pamphlet in favor of extending suffrage to ]
men in all the late insurgent States, regardless j
af race or color. It attracted wide attention
and produoeda deepeffest on the public mind, '
being at the time of its publication in advance
of public opinion.
" I lis simple faith udored his country's flag
and saw its true glory in extending its protec-
tion to the humblest equally with the highest."'
One of the leading newspapers of the capital
of his native State recently and truthfully said:
" Mr. Hamilton whs a man of very decided convic-
tions and an iron man. lie had a scorn of all trim-
mers and an impatience amounting almost to utter
intolerance of all halt-way measures, ile made no
compromises and as-ked noue. llis position was
always sharply defined and rigidly maintained, lie
lelt no one in doubt where to lind him, and he was
generally found where such men love to be—out on
the skirmish lino of tho advanco, He detested all
bomb-proof coverings, both for himself and his party,
preferring to be tho assailant, lie was an indefati-
gable worker.
"lie was a pronounccd Radical in politics. His
views were presented 011 the stump in a clear and
forcible manner, without rhetorical flourish, and lie
never talked for the sake of talk, lie was moro
ready with tho pen than with the tongue."
He did not seek to imitate the qualities which
in some men ''dazzle and consume to little or
uo valuable purpose, who seldom belong to the
great benefactors of mankind;" but lie sur-
passedin those practical qualities which "noble
ends by noble means" attain. In all his pub-
lic acts it was characteristic of Mr. Hamilton
that he never lost sight of that sentiment of
Salust; "pulchrum est benefacere rcipubiicce."
As a lawyer he won a reputation and success
by his habit of investigation, his strong intellect,
and the confidence inspired by his honesty of
purpose and the purity of his life. As a citizen he
was public-spirited, generous, and liberal, and
had deservedly secured universal confidence and
respect. As a husband and father none can
know his virtues so well or appreciate his un-
timely loss so much as the wife and children
whose fireside and home will no more be cheered
by his provident care and by his tender affec-
tion and devoted love.
''But the narrative of his life, the evidences
of his patriotism, the wisdom of his counsels,
and his private virtues, present a picture that
friendship need not flatter and individual judg-
ment is unable to exaggerate."
He has passed from earth to the "sublimer
views of another and a better world which Chris-
tianity has unfolded with such inexpressible
glory—' when this corruptible shall put on in-
corruption and this mortal shall put on immor-
tality.' "
Men pass away, but the lofty spirits that
conceive, and, from right motives, execute good
works here, these cannot perish :
"These shall resist the empire of decay,
When time is o'er and worlds have passed away;
Cold in the dust the perished heart may lie,
But that which warmed it once can never die."
Mr. Speaker, I move the adoption of the
following resolutions:
The Clerk read as follows:
Resolved, That in the death of Hon. Cornelius S.
Hamilton, late Representative in Congress from the
eighth district of Ohio, this House has lost a worthy
and useful member, the country a most estimable
citizen, and his family, relatives and associates, a
steadfast and valued friend.
Resolved, That, to give expression toourdueappre-
ciation of the talents, attainments, and patriotism of
the deceased, and to indicate their regret andsorrow
for his lamented death, the members of this House
will wear the usual badge of mourning for thirty
days.
Resolved, That these resolutions be spread upon
tho Journal of the Ilouse of Representatives, and that
a copy thereof be sent by its Clerk to the family of the
deceased.
Resolved, That asa markof respcctfor thememory
of the deceased this House do now adjourn.
Mr. MORGAN. It is a pleasant duty, Mr.
Speaker, to commemorate the virtues of the
dead, and to embalm in our hearts the attri-
butes which adorned the character of one who
has passed away from among us. At all times
and under all circumstances there is a dread
solemnity in death; and yet, sir, it is but the
beginning of an eternal life. It was but the
other day that our friend and colleague was
among us full of life and strength and hope in
the discharge of his duties to his constituents.
The holidays came, and while all other hearts
were filled with joy and gladness, his was
gloomed by sorrow. We hastened to our homes
to receive the joyous welcome of our wives and
children; he was summoned away to die by the
hand of a son bereft of reason. I11 one brief
day the father became a corpse, the wife a
widow, the son a parricide, and a hopeless
maniac. The imagination cannot conceive,
language cannot describe the anguish which
has parched up the heart of the wife and
mother. For her there is no future sunlight
on earth; for her the only hope is Heaven.
And yet we trust that the memory of the many
virtues of the husband and the father, the
sincere sympathy which animates every bosom,
may in some degree, at least, heal the wounds
whose scars must endure forever.
But, sir, the wife and the orphans are not
the only mourners. The people of the eighth
district of Ohio have lost an earnest and a
faithful representative, and my own constit-
uents profoundly regret the untimely death of
one who was born in their midst, and whose
character they all respected.
Hamilton is gone! No longer will his name
be borne on our rolls; and a stranger will soon
fill the seat which was so lately occupied by
him. But though he will return no more his
memory will be cherished in the hearts of those
who remain behind ; and when we look upon
his %Tacant seat we will all be reminded that
■ death never ceases to knock at the portals of
life, and that the next summons may be for
; one of us. It is a warning for all to remember
j1 that "in life we are in the midst of death,"
jj and that we should endeaver so to discharge
I our duties that when the summons does come
II we may not be unprepared.
' Mr. BUCKLAND. Mr. Speaker, the elo-
quent and appropriate remarks of my colleagues
on this occasion leaves little for me to add, but
I esteem it a great privilege to have an oppor-
tunity of recording my concurrence in all that
has been said of the pure and noble character
of our lamented friend.
My first acquaintance with Mr. Hamilton
was as a member of the Ohio Senate in 1850.
I soon discovered him to be a man whoso
society and friendship it was profitable to seek
I and cultivate, and it was my good fortune
very soon to form an intimate and reciprocal
: i friendship with him, which continued without
,! a moment's interruption to the day of his sad
death.
I was standing by his seat on this floor, con-
versing with him, when he received a dispatch
from home giving the first unwelcome news of
the illness of his son, Thomas. The sudden
change which the reading of that dispatch pro-
duced in his countenance is still fresh in my
mind. In answer to an inquiry from me he
stated the nature of his son's illness, and
expressed his fears as to the result. He spoke
most tenderly of his son, and said he had been
| a remarkably good and faithful boy, and was
his main reliance for the care of his family and
affairs in his absence, and had never before
exhibited any symptoms of aberration of mind.
I saw my friend for the last time as he was
about leaving the hotel, the same evening, to
take the cars for home, bidding me as ho
clasped my hand a sorrowful adieu. A few
short days and the heart sickening news was
sent over the country, with flkhtning speed,
that my friend was dead by tne hand of this
unfortunate son, whom he loved so well. Mr.
Speaker, that terrible tragedy is too sad to
dwell upon.
My intercourse with Mr. Hamilton in the
Ohio Senate, where we served together two
sessions, gave me an opportunity of becoming
familiar with his characteristics; and I desire
to say that I never knew any man more de-
voted to truth and justice, or more fearless or
persevering in the pursuit of what he believed
to be right. He was not a man of many words,
but his mind was active, discriminative, and
remarkably accurate, and when he spoke he
confined himself closely to the question under
discussion in language that could not be mis-
understood ; and his manner forced the con-
viction upon his hearers that lie believed every
