720
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 24,
son, Niagara county, New York, asking an |
appropriation to improve the harbor at the ;
mouih of Twelve Mile creek in said county.
By Mr. WARD: The proceedings of a pub-
lic meeting held in Elmira, Kew York, pray-
ing Congress to take such action as will define
the status of our naturalized citizens and com-
pel foreign Governments to recognize the valid-
ity of the naturalization of our citizens who
have been maltreated abroad and to secure
justice to them.
Also, the petition of 300 citizens of the
twenty-seventn congressional district of New
York to the same effect.
WITHDRAWAL OF PAPERS.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE withdrew from the
files of the House the petition and papers of
the heirs of Daniel Beaiuger, a lieutenant in
the revolutionary war, asking for the half pay
to which he was entitled.
IN SENATE.
Friday, January 24, 1868.
Prayer by Rev. E. H. Gray, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
MESSAGE Fit Oil THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed a bill (H. R. No.
451) providing for the sale of the arsenal ,
grounds at St. Louis and Liberty, Missouri, !
and for other purposes.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore signed the
enrolled joint resolution (S. R. No. 75) limit-
ing contracts for stationery and other supplies
in the Executive Departments to oneyear,which
was yesterday signed by the Speaker of the
House of Representatives.
HOUSE BILLS BEFEKRED.
The bill (H. R. No. 511) authorizing the
Secretary of the Interior to cause the lands i
known as the Miami Indian resenration,. in
the State of I ndiana, to be patented, was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Indian Affairs.
The bill (H. R. No. 451) providing for the
•ale of the arsenal grounds at St. Louis and
Liberty, Missouri, and for other purposes, was
rend twice by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs and the Militia. |!
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION. |
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a message of the President of the
United States, returning, in compliance with a
resolution of the 22d instant, the resolution
of the 21st instant, calling for information in
relation to James A. Seddon, late Secretary
of War of the so-called confederate States;
which was ordered to lie on the table.
CONDITION OV EQUAL RIGHTS BILL.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore also laid
before the Senate tbe following message:
To the Senate of the United States:
I have received the following preamble and
resolution, adopted by the Senate on the 8th
'instant:
"Whereas Senate Bill No. 141, and entitled 'An
act for the further securky of equal rights in the
District of Columbia,' having, at this present session
pas.ed both Houses of Congicss, was afterward, on
the 11th day of December. 18t>7, duly presented to the
President of the United States for his approval and
lignature; and whereaa more than ten days, ex-
clusive of Sunday.", have since elapsed in the session
without said bill having been returned, either ap-
proved or disapproved: Therefore,
" lienolve.d. That the President of the United State?
be requestud to inform the Senate whether said bill
has been delivered to and received by the Secretary
of State, as provided by t he second section of the act
of the 27th day of July, 1789."
As the act which the resolution mentions
has no relevancy to the subject under inquiry,
it is presumed that it was the intention of the
Senate to refer to the law of the 15th Septem-
ber, 1780, the second section of which pre-
scribes—
" That whenever a bill, order, resolution, er vote
of the Senate and House of Representatives, haying
been approved and signed by the President of the
United States, or not having been returned by him
with liis objections, shall become a law or take effect,
it shall forthwith thereafter be received by the said
Secretaiy from the President: and whenever a bill,
order, resolution, or vote shall bo returned by the
President, with his objections, and shall, on being
reconsidered, be agreed to, be passed, and bo ap-
proved by two thirds of both Houses of Congress,
and thereby become a law or take effect, it shall, in
such ease, be received by tbe said Secretary from the
President of the Senate or the Speaker of the House
of Representatives, in whichsoever House it shall
last have been so approved."
Inasmuch as the bill " for the further secur-
ity of equal rights in the District of Columbia"
has not become a law in either of the modes
designated hi the section above quoted, it has
not been delivered to the Secretary of State
for record and promulgation. The Constitu-
tion expressly declares that "if any bill shall
not be returned by the President within ten
days (Sundays excepted) after it shall have
been preseuted to him, the same shall be a law
in like manner as if he has signed it unless the
Congress by their adjournment prevent its re-
turn, in which case it shall not be a law." As
stated in the preamble to the resolution the
bill to which it refers was presented for my
approval on the 11th day of December, 1867.
On the 20th of the same month, and before tlie
expiration of the ten days after the presenta-
tion ofthe bill to the President, the two Houses,
in accordance with a concurrent resolution
adopted on the 3d of December, adjourned
until the Gth of January, 1868. Congress by
their adjournment thus prevented the return
of the bill within the time prescribed by the
Constitution, and it was therefore left in the
precise condition in which that instrument
positively declares a bill "shall not be a law."
Iftheadjournmentin Decemberdid not cause
the failure of this bill because not such an ad-
journment as is contemplated by the Constitu-
tion in the clause which 1 have cited, it must
follow that such was the nature of the adjourn-
ments during the past year, on the 30th day
of March until the first Wednesday in July, and
from the 20th of July until the 21st of Novem-
ber. Other bills will therefore be affected by
the decision which may be rendered in this
case, among them one having the same title as
that named in the resolution, and containing
similar provisions, which, passed by both
Houses in the month of July last, failed to
become a law by reason of the adjournment of
Congress before ten days for its consideration
had been allowed the Executive.
ANDREW JOHNSON.
Washington", January 23, 18C8.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move that that com-
munication be referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary, and on its reference I have simply
a word to say. It is perfectly manifest to me,
from an examination that 1 have made of the
subject since the resolution calling for that
information was introduced, that the construc-
tion which the President puts upon the Consti-
tution is altogether wrong, and that the trans-
action of public business would be vastly
impeded if Cougress were to acquiesce in such
a construction; and I hope that we shall be able
to adopt some measures which will put all the
departments of the Government upon a com-
mon understanding upon that subject. Of
course, this is in no sense a party question.
Although it happens to arise now upon a bill
which passed upon a division of parties, after
all the question has no political idea involved
in it whaiever; and I shall hope, therefore,
when the matter comes to be considered in
committee and reported upon, that we may con-
sider it in a spirit which has no connection with
and no incitement from the fact that this par-
ticular bill happens to be the subject of a dif-
ference of opinion. The same question exactly
arose in the State of New Hampshire in 1803,
under a constitution which, like most of our
constitutions, contains the same provision, as
was stated the other day by the honorable Sen-
ator from Maryland. I have examined the
opinion in that case. It was an opinion pro-
nounced by the court at the request of the
Legislature of that State, under a provision of
their constitution and laws for obtaining such
opinions. The subject is carefully and elabo-
rately discussed, evidently without any feeling
about it, and I think any gentleman who will
read that opinion, to be found in the forty-fifth
volume, I think, of New Hampshire Reports,
cannot fail to be satisfied that this construction
ofthe Constitution now held by the Executive
is altogether erroneous, and would in practice
lead to very serious inconveniences.
Mr. JOHNSON. I am inclined to concur
with the honorable member from Vermont. It
is a question that I have more than once con-
sidered, and I arrived at the same conclusion
to which the court of New Hampshire arrived.
The language of their constitution is precisely
the same with that of the Constitution of the
United States except that the time is less than
ten davs. I think the time is three days.
Mr. "EDMUNDS. Five.
Mr. JOHNSON. But the other words are
identical. I also concur with the honorable
member in thinking—and I suppose as to that
all departments of the Government will concur
—that it is very desirable that the (juestion
should be settled. I suppose there will be no
difficulty in the Judiciary Committee coming
to a conclusion, and I have every reason to
suppose, without any actual knowledge, that
whatever that conclusion may be it will be on*
in which the Executive will acquiesce.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on referring this message to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
Mr. EDMUNDS. 1 move that the commu-
nication be printed as well as referrred.
Mr. BUCKALEW. It may be observed that
Congress have already given the same con-
struction to the Constitution which is stated by
the President in his message. They have given
it by their action upon a bill exactly similar to
the present one. If there were any force in
the reasoning now stated by the Senator from
Vermont it would have been appropriate for
him to raise the point at the session in Novem-
ber. Instead of that being done that session
passed by. and a new bill was introduced and
passed in tbe month of November.
The language of the Constitution is very pecu-
liar, different from that of most of the States.
It says that if Congress by their adjournment
prevent the return of a bill within ten days the
bill shall not become a law. 'The language is
positive. The phraseology is very different
ordinarily in the State constitutions. Of course
where either House of Congress adjourns dur-
ing a period not exceeding three days no ques-
tion would arise. Either House can adjourn
for three days without the consent of the other.
Such a partial or casual adjournment, which
constantly takes place in practice, would not
be such an adjournment as is intended by the
clause in the Constitution; but where an ad-
journment for more than three days takes place
by the joint action of both Houses, it seems to
me it falls within the express letter of the Con-
stitution, and that it is impossible to give any
other construction to it. Now, sir, it seems to
me, in view ofthe clearness of that provision,
and the fact that Congress has already twice
acted upon that construction, it would be best
for the Committee on the Judiciary and for the
Senate to acquiesce in what has already been
established so far as congressional and execu-
tive action is concerned, and not raise this
point.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I think ray friend from
Pennsylvania is mistaken in supposing that
Congress has given the same construction to
the Constitution that the President does. It
is true that in one instance it appears we have
passed a bill a second time which contained
the same phraseology that the first did ; but I
am sure he will notclaim that that should have
the controlling weight of a precedent when we
all know that it passed without this question
being considered or adverted to at all, as a
mere way of hastening the accomplishment of
the thing that Congress had in view in th t
particular bill without waiting to leave it to
