1868.
CONGBISSIONAI* GLOBR.
m
the acts supplementary thereto, which ia  ow
before the Senate.
Mr. HOWARD. Before we proceed to the
consideration of that subject 1 ask the con-
sent of the Senate to call up a resolution of
inquiry which was passed by the Senate yes-
teniay, but as to which a motion was made to
reconsider. I ask that the order of the day
be laid aside infernally for that purpose.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore, if it is the
expression of the Senate that that resolution
may be taken up without objection, it is before
the Senate and will be read. j
Mr. GRIMES. Oh, no; that will take time.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Ia there 1
objection ? i
Mr. GRIMES. Yes. !
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection
being made, it cannot De considered now. The
order of the day is before the Senate, and the
Senator from Indiana [Mr. Morton] is enti- ;
tied to the floor. 1
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, if I had not
been referred to by my honorable friend from
Wisconsin [Mr. Doomttle] in the debate yes- !
terday I should not desire to speak on this
q MM ion, especially at this time. I fear that I
shall not have the strength to say what I wish to.
The issue here to-day is the same which pre-
vails throughout the country, which will be the
issue of this canvass, and perhaps for years tb
come. To repeat what I. have had occasion to
say elsewhere, it is between two paramount
ideas, each struggling for the supremacy. One
is, that the war to suppress the rebellion was
right and just on our part; that the rebels for-
feited their civil and political rights, and caa
only be restored to them upon such conditions
as the nation may prescribe for its future safety
and prosperity. The other idea is, that the
rebellion was not sinful, but was right; that
those engaged in it forfeited no rights, civil or
political, aa<l have a right to take charge of
their State governments and be restored to
thei r representation in Congress just as if there
had been no rebellion and nothing had oc-
curred. The immediate issue before the Senate
now is between the existing State governments
established under the policy of the President
of the United States in the rebel States and
the plan of reconstraction presented by Con-
gress.
When a surveyor first raters a new territory
he endeavors to ascertain the exact latitude
and longitude of a given spot, and from that
can safely begin his survey; and so I will en-
deavor to ascertain a proposition ia this debate
upon which both parties are agreed, and start
from that proposition. Tint proposition is,
that at the eud of the war, in the spring of 1865,
the rebel States were without State govern-
ments of any bind. The loyal State govern-
ments existing at the beginning of the war had
been overturned by the rebels; the rebel State
governments erected during the war had been
overturned by our armies, and at the end of
- the war there were no governments of any kind
existing iu those States. This fact was recog-
nized distinctly by the President of the United
States in his proclamation under which the
work of reconstruction was commenced in
North Carolina in 1865, to which I beg leave
to refer. The others were mere copies of this
proclamation. In that proclamation he says:
* Ao4 whereas tie rebellion which has been waged
by a portion of the people of the United States
against the properly constituted authorities of toe
Government thereof, in the most violent and revolt-
ing form, but whose organized and armed forces have
now been almostentirely overeeme, bss in its revo-
lutionary progress deprived the people of the State
of North Carolina of all civil government."
Here the President must be allowed to speak
for his party, and I shall accept this as a prop-
osition agreed upon on both sides: that at the
end of the war there were no governments of
any kind existing in those States.
The fourth section of the fourth article of
the Constitution declares that "the United
States shall guaranty to every State in this
Union a republican form of government." This
provision contains a vast, undefined power that
baa never yet been ascertained—a great super-
visory power given to ths United States to en-
able them to keep the States in their orbits, to
preserve them from anarchy, revolution, and
rebellion. The measure of power thus .con-
ferred upon the Government of the United
States can only be determined by that which
is requisite to guaranty or maintain in each
State a legal and republican form of govern-
ment. Whatever power, therefore, majj be
necessary to enable the Government of the
United States thus to maintain in each State
a republican form of government is conveyed
by this provision.
Now, Mr. President, when the war ended
and these States were found without govern-
ments of any kind, the jurisdiction of the Uni-
ted States, under this provision of the Consti-
tution, at once attached; the power to reor-
ganize State governments, to use the common !
word, to reconstruct, to maintain and guaranty j
republican State governments in those States, j
at once attached under this provision. Upon
this proposition there is also a concurrence of !
the two parties. The President has distinctly j
recognized the application of this clause of the !
Constitution. He has recognized the fact that ]
its jurisdiction attached when those States were !
found without republican State governments, [
and he himself claimed to act under this clause ;
of the Constitution. I will read the preamble j
of the President's proclamation :
"Whereas the fourth section of the fourth article of '
tho Constitution of the United States declares that
the United States shall guaranty to every State in |
the Union a republican form of government, and i
shall protect each of them against invasion and do-
mestic vidlence; and whereas the President of the
United States is by the Constitution made Com-
■ander-in-Cbiief of the Army and Navy, u well as
chief civil executive officer of the United States, and
is bound by solemn oath faithfully to execute the
office of President of the United States, and to take
care that the laws be faithfully executed; and
whereas the rebellion which has been waged by a
portion of the people of the United States against
tho properly constituted authorities of theaGovern-
ment thereof in the most violent and revolting form,
but whose organised and armed forces have now been
almost entirely overcome, has, in its revolutionary
progress, deprived the people of the State of North
Carolina of all civil government; and whereas- it
becomes necessary and proper to carry out and en-
force the obligations of tne United States to the
people of North Carolina in securing them in the
enjoyment of a republican form of government."
I read this, Mr. President] for the pnrpose
of showing that the President of the United
States, in his policy of reconstruction, started
out with a distinct recognition of the applica-
bility of this clause of the Constitution, and
that he based his system of reconstruction upon
it. It is true he recites in this proclamation
that he is the Commander-in-Chief of the Army
of the United States; but at the stftne time he
puts his plan of reconstruction, not upon the
exercise of the military power which is called
to its aid, but on the execution ef the guaran-
tee provided by the clause of the Constitution
to which I have referred. He appoints a Gov-
ernor for North Carolina and for these other
States, the office being eivil in its character,
bat military in its effects. This Governor has
all the power of one of the district command-
ers, ana, in fact, far greater power than was
conferred upon General Pope or General
Sheridan or any general in command of a
district; for it is further provided:
"That the military commander of the department,
and all officers and persons in the military and naval
service, aid and assist the said provisional governor
in carrying into effect this proclamation."
We are then agreed upon the second propo-
sition, that the power of the United States to
reconstruct and guaranty republican forms of
government at once applied when these States
were found in the condition in which they were
at the end of the war. Then, sir, being agreed
upon these two propositions, we are brought to
the question as to the proper form of exercis-
ing this power and by whom it shall be exercised.
The Constitution,aays that "the United States
shall-guaranty to every State in this Union a
republican form of government.'' By the phrase
"United States" nere is meant the Govern-
ment of the United States. The United States
can only act through the Government, and the
clause would mean precisely the suae thing if
it read "the Government or the United States
shall {guaranty to every State in this Union a
republican form of government."
Then, aatlie Government of the United States
is to execute this guarantee, the question arises,
what constitutes the Government of the United
States? The President does not constitute the
Government; the Congress does not aonstitute
the Government; the judiciary does not consti-
tute the Government,; but all three together
constitute the Government; and as this guar-
antee is to be executed bf the Government of
the United States it follows necessarily that it
must be a legislative act. The President could
not assume to execute the guarantee without
assuming that he was the United States withi*
the meaning of that provision, without assum-
ing that he was the Government of the United
States. Congress-could not of itself assume to
execute the guarantee without assuming that
it was the-Government of the United Stateti;
nor could the judiciary without a like assump-
tion. The act must be the act of the Govern-
ment, and therefore it must be a legislative aet,
a law passed by Congress,, submitted to the
President for hia approval, and perhaps, in a
proper case, subject to be reviewed by the judi-
ciary.
Mr. President, that this is necessarily the
case from the simple readiitg of the Constitu-
tion seems to me cannot be for a moment de-
nied. The President, in assuming to execute
this guarantee himself, is assuming to be the
Government of the United States, which he
clearly is not, but only one of its coordinate
branches; and{ therefore, as this guarantee
must be a legislative act, it follows that the
attempt on the part of the President to execute
the guarantee was without authority, and that
the guarantee can only be executed in the form
of a law, first to be passed by Congress and
then to be submitted to the President for his
approval, and if he does not approve it then to
be passed over his head by a majority of two
thirds in each House. That law, then, be-
comes the execution of the guarantee and is
the act of the Government of the United States.
Mr. President, this is not an open question.
I send to the Secretary and ask him to read .a
part of the decision of the Supreme Court of
the United States in the case of Luther W.
Borden, as reported in 7 Howard.
The Secretary read as follows:
"Moreover, the Constitution of the United States,
as far as it has provided for an emergency of this
kind, and authorized the General GoVernmept to
interfere A the domestic t*noMtos of *$tate. has
Constitution of the United States provides that the
application of the Legislature or of the Hxocutive
(when the Iiegislature cannot be oonvened) against
domestic violence. , ..
" Under this article of the Constitution it rests With
Congress to decide what government is the estab-
lished one ia a State. Far, as the United State*
guaranties to each State a republican government.
Congress must necessarily decide what government
is established in the State before it can determine
whether it is republican or not. And when the Sen-
ators and Representatives of a State are admitted
into the councils of the Union the authority of the
government under which they are appointed, as well
u iu republican character, is recognised by the
proper constitutional authority. And its decision is
binding upon every other department of th ovio vcrti-
ment, and eould not be questioned iu a j udicial tribu-
nal.- It is true that the contest in this case did not
last long enough to bring the matter to this issue:
and as no Senators or Representatives were elects*
under the authority of the Government -of which Mf.
Dorr was the head. Congress was not called upon to
decide the controversy. Yet the right to decide is
placed there, and not in tho courts."
Mr. MORTON. In this opinion of the
Supreme Court of the United States, deliv-
ered many years ago, the right to execute th*
guarantee provided for in-this clause of the
Constitution is placed in Congress and,n>
where else, and therefore the necessary read-
ing of the Constitution is confirmed by the
highest judicial authority whifch we have.
Mr. JOHNSON. Do ypu read from th#
opinion delivered by the Chief Justice?
