724
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 24,
Mr. MORTON. Yes, sir: the opinion de-
livered by Chief Justice Taney, lie decides
that this power is not judicial: that it is one
of the high powers conferred upon Congress;
that it is not subject to be reviewed by the
Supreme Court, because it is political in its
nature. It is a distinct enunciation of the
doctrine that this guarantee is not to be exe-
cuted by the President or by the Supreme
Court, but by the Congress of the United
States, in the form of a law to be passed bv
that body and to be submitted to the President
for his approval: and should he disapprove it
it may become a law by being passed by a
two-thirds majority over his head.
Now, I will call the attention of my friend
from Wisconsin to some other authority. As
he has been pleased to refer to a former speech
of mine to show that I am not quite consistent,
I will refer to a vote given by him in 18K4 on
a very important provision. On the 1st of
July, 1804, the Senate having under consider-
ation, as in Committee of the Whole, "a bill
to guaranty to certain States whose govern-
ments have been usurped or overthrown a
republican form of government," Mr. Brown,
of Missouri, offered an amendment to strike
out all of the bill after the enacting clause and
to insert a substitute, which I will ask the
Secretary to read.
The Secretary read as follows:
"That whenthe inhabitants of anyStatebavebeen
declared in a state of insurrection against the Uni-
ted States by proclamation of the President, by force
ami virtue of the act entitled 'An act further to pro-
vide for the collection of duties on imports, and for
other purposes.' approved July 13,1861, they shall
be, and are hereby declared to be, incapable of cast-
ing any vote for electors of President or Vice Presi-
dent of the United States, or of electing Senators or
Representatives in Congress until said insurrection
in said State is suppressed or abandoned, and said
inhabitants have returned to their obedience to the
Government of the United States, and until such re-
tarn to obedience shall be declared by proclamation
of the President, issued by virtue of an act of Con-
gress hereafter to be passed, authorizing the same."
Mr. MORTON. The honorable Senator
from Wisconsin voted for that in Committee
of the Whole and on its final passage. I call
attention to the conclusion of the amendment,
which declares that they shall be—
" Incapable of casting any vote for electors of Pres-
ident or Vice President of the United States or of
electing Senators or Representatives in Congress
until said insurrection in said State is suppressed or
abandoned, and said inhabitants have returned to
their obedience to the Government of the United
States, and until such return and obedience shall be
declared by proclamation of the President, issued by
virtue of an act of Congress hereafter to be passed,
authorizing the same."
Recognizing that a state of war shall be re-
garded as continuing until it shall be declared
no longer to exist by the President, in virtue
of an act of Congress to be hereafter passed.
I am glad to find by looking at the vote that
the distinguished Senator from Maryland [Mr.
Johnson] voted for this proposition, and thus
recognized the doctrine for which I am now
contending; that the power to execute the
guarantee is vested in Congress alone, and that
it is for Congress alone to determine the status
and condition of those States, and that the
President has no power to proclaim peace or to
declare the political condition of those States
until he shall first have been thereunto author- ,
ized by an act of Congress. j
I therefore, Mr. President, take the prop-
osition as conclusively established, both by
reason and authority, that this clause of the
Constitution can be executed only by Con- |
gress; and taking that as established, I now
proceied to consider what are the powers of
Congress in the execution of theguarantee, how
it shall be executed, and what means may be
employed for that purpose. The Constitution
does not define the means. It does not say
how the guarantee shall be executed. All
that is left to the determination of Congress.
As to the particular character of the means
that must be employed, that, I take it, will
depend upon the peculiar circumstances of
each case; and the extent of the power will
depend upon the other question as to what
IBay be required for the purpose of maintain-
ing or guarantying a loyal republican form
. of government in each State. I use the word
"loyal." although it is not used in the Consti-
tution, because loyalty is an inhering qualifi-
cation not only in regard to persons who are
to till public offices, but in regard to State gov-
ernments, and we have no right to recognize a
State government that is not loyal to the Gov-
ernment of the United States. Now, sir, as to
the use of means that are not prescribed in the
Constitution, 1 call the attention of the Senate
to the eighteenth clause of section eight of the
first article of the Constitution of the United
States, which declares that—
"Tin- Congress shall have power to make all laws
which shall be necessary and proper forcarryinginto
execution the foregoing powors and all other powers
vested by this Constitution in '.he Cio\ eminent ol tlio
United States or any department or officer thereof."
Here is a declaration of what would other-
wise be a general principle anyhow, that Con-
gress shall have the power to pass all laws
necessary to carry into execution all powers
that are vested in the Government under the
Constitution. As Congress has the power to
guaranty or maintain a loyal republican gov-
ernment in each State, it has the right to use
whatever means may be necessary for that pur-
pose. As I before remarked, the characterof
the means will depend upon the character of
the case. In one case it may be the use of an
array : in another case perhaps it may be simply
presenting a question to the courts, and having
. it tested in that way; in another case it may
go to the very foundation of the Government
itself. And I now propound this proposition:
that if Congress, after deliberation, after long
and bloody experience, shall come to the con-
clusion that loyal republican State govern-
ments cannot be erected and maintained in the
rebel States upon the basis of the white popu-
lation, it has a right to raise up and make
voters of a class of men who had no right to
vote under the State laws. This is simply the
use of the necessary means in the execution
of the guarantee. If we have found after re-
peated trials that loyal republican State gov-
ernments, governments that shall answer the
purpose that such governments are intended to
answer, cannot be successfully founded upon
the basis of the white population, because the
great majority of that population are disloyal,
then Congress has a right to raise up a new
loyal voting population for the purpose of estab-
lishing these governments in the execution of
the guarantee. I think, sir, this proposition is
so clear that it is not necessary to elaborate it.
We are not required to find in the Constitution
a particular grant of power for this purpose;
but we find a general grant of power, and we
find also another grant of power authorizing
us to use whatever means may be necessary to
execute the first; and we find that the Supreme
Court of the United States has said that the
judgment of Congress upon this question shall
be conclusive, that it caunot be reviewed by j
' the courts, that it is a purely political matter; I
and therefore the determination of Congress, 1
that raising up colored men to the right of suf-
frage is a means necessary to the execution of
that power, is a determination which cannot be
reviewed by the courts, and is conclusive upon
the people of this country.
! _ The President of the United States, assum-
ing that he had the power to execute this
. guarantee, and basing his proclamation upon
i it, went forward in the work of reconstruction.
! It was understood at that time—it was so an-
nounced, if not by himself, at least formally by
! the Secretary of State, Mr. Seward—that the
i governments which he would erect during the
| vacation of Congress were to be erected as
I provisional only, that his plan of reconstruc-
tion and the work that was to be done under
it would be submitted to Congress for its ap-
proval or disapproval at the next session. If
the President had adhered to that determina-
I tion I believe that all would have been well,
I and that the present state of things would not
■ exist. Bnt, sir, the Executive undertook
finally to execute theguarantee himself without
the cooperation of Congress. He appointed
provisional governors, giving to them unlimited
power until such time as the new State govern-
ments should be erected. He prescribed in
his proclamation who should exercise the right
of suffrage in the election of delegates. And
allow me for one moment to refer to that. He
says in his proclamation :
"No person shall bo qualified as an cleetor, or
shall be eligible as a member of such convention,
unless iiesliall have pre\ iously taken mid subscribed
the oath of amnesty, as sot forth in the President's
proclamation of May A. I). 18l>5"—
which was issued on the same day and was a
part of the same transaction—
"And is a voter qualified as prescribed by the con-
stitution and laws of the State of North Carolina in
force immediately before the 20th day of May, A. I).
lSol."
The persons having the right to vote must
have the right to vote by the laws of the State,
and must, in addition to that,, have taken the
oath of' amneoty. The President disfranchised
in voting for delegates to the conventions from
two hundred and fifty thousand to three hun-
dred thousand men, His disfranchisement
was far greater than that which has been done
by Congress-. In the proclamation of amnesty
he says:
"The following classes of persons are excepted
from the benoiits of this proclamation "—
He then aunounced fourteen classes of per-
sons—
"1. All who arc or shall have been pretended civil
ordiplomatic officers, or otherwise domestic or foreign
agents, of the pretended confederate government."
*#***#,*♦♦♦
"13. All persons who have voluntarily participated
in said rebellion, and the estimated value of whoso
I taxable property is over twenty thousand dollars."
! And twelve other classes, estimated to num-
ber at the least two hundred and fifty thousand
or three hundred thousand men, while the dis-
franchisement that has been created by Con-
gress does not extend perhaps to more than
forty-five thousand or fifty thousand persons
at the furthest. These provisional governors,
under the authority of the President, were to
call conventions; they were to hold the elec-
tions, and they were to count the votes; they
were to exercise all the powers that are being
exercised by the military commanders under
the reconstruction acts of Congress. After
those constitutions were formed the President
i went forward and accepted them as being loyal
| and republican in their character. He author-
ized the voters under them to proceed to elect
Legislatures, members of Congress, and the
Legislatures 'to elect Senators to take their
seats in this body. In other words, the Presi-
dent launched those State governments into
full life and activity without consultation with
or cooperation on the part of Congress.
Now, sir, when it is claimed that these gov-
ernments are legal, let it be remembered that
they took their origin under a proceeding insti-
tuted by the President of the United States in
the execution of this guarantee, when it now
stands confessed that he could not execute the
guarantee. But even if he had the power, let
it be further borne in mind that those constitu-
tions were formed by conventions that were
elected by less than one third of the white voters
in the States at that time ; that the conventions
were elected by a small minority even of the
white voters, and that those constitutions thus
formed by a very small minority have never
been submitted to the people of those States for
ratification. They are no more the constitutions
of those States to-day than the constitutions
formed by the conventions now in session would
be if we were to proclaim them to be the con-
stitutions of those States without first having
submitted them to the people for ratification.
How can it be pretended for a moment, even
admitting that the President had the power to
start forward in the work of reconstruction,
that those State governments are legal formed
by a small minority, never ratified by the peo-
ple, the people never having had a chance to
vote for them. They stand as mere arbitrary
constitutions, established not by the people of
the several States, but simply by force of execu-
tive power.
And, sir, if we shall admit those States to
representation on this floor and in the other
