730
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 24,
him. [Laughter.] This conservatism is a
more fearful enemy than Lee with his martial
host. In New England in early days they tried
old Dr. Iceland tor heresy frequently. His
triers were not men of the largest caliber, but
they annoyed him by their frequent attacks.
Finally, when the last court was convened on
him. he said to them, " Did you ever see a dog
bark at the moon?'' They said, "yes." Said
he, "Did you ever see hiin bite it'?" "No."
" Well," said he, " I am as much out of your
reach as the moon is out of the reach of the
dog." [Laughter.] So I say, for Qeneral
Grant's comfort, my friend from Wisconsin
will not bite.
But, sir, he set a back fire before there was
any in the front. Now we see the animus.
My Democratic friends act wisely. They put
out these conservatives for fuglemen, and lie
back to see how it is going to come out.
[Laughter.] They are astute men. good tac-
ticians. The Senator from Wisconsin is just
the man for this service. If he is slain, they
say, " He is not of our party, but of yours."
They propose to lie back and see how the fight
terminates. They have sent out this Conserva-
tive skirmish line to see how they can affect
Grant.
Sir, I have not much to say of General Grant;
his history is written. He exhibited no con-
servatism when he met his foes. He never
made propositions that were not honorable to
his country and to himself. He fought, and,
lighting, conquered. He has written his name
upon the imperishable scroll of time. Here-
after, when France talks of her Napoleon, the
American has got to utter but one single word,
"Grant," and Frenchmen will say no more.
Hereafter, when England boasts of her Wel-
lington, we will simply say "our Grant."
Hereafter, when the roll of patriots is called,
his name will stand foremost. Jf any of my
conservative friends (as I trust they may by
stern repentance) should happen to have their
names inscribed on that roll they will not be
out of reach.
The honorable Senator from Wisconsin, not
content with annihilating the Senator from
Indiana, having been put forward on this ser-
vice, and anxious to convince his Democratic
friends that he was np to the work, turned
around and engaged the invincible Grant.
Well, sir, like the struggle between the animal
on the railroad track and the steam engine,
while I admire his courage I cannot say much
for his discretion. [Laughter.] Grant will sur-
vive, whether the Conservative branch of this
body does or not. Sir, let me give my Con-
servative friends a word of advice. Grant be-
longs to that class of the animal creation that
has vertebrae; conservatism has none. He
has back-bone; conservatism none.
One word more, sir, as to the object of this
discussion, and then I have done. I have de-
scribed the gathering—not very minutely—that
my friend from Wisconsin sees so clearly. I
have shown of what it will be composed. Now,
I have a word to say to this Senate about what
we ought to do ourselves. I think if there has
been any fault to be found with the Republican
party for the last twelve months it has been in
sins of omission. What rebellion needed to
conquer it was constant fighting. What it
needs to reconstruct it is a steady, firm hand.
I believe that if the President of the United
States had acted in unison with Congress, every
rebel State would be represented here to-day.
I believe that his course and the course of the
Conservative and Democratic portion of this
Chamber has been to retard its consummation.
As soon as Sheridan had got reconstruction
almost completed in Louisiana, notwithstand-
ing that hi's history had made this country glo-
rious; notwithstanding that he, like the light-
ning's flash, had swept the enemies from our
country, at no matter how great a sacrifice,
rather than have this Radical Congress suc-
ceed, Sheridan must become a victim, immo-
lated upon this vacillating platform of conserv-
atism. When Pope, whom other generals did
not sustain, had got the work of reconstruction
almost done in Georgia, his head was brought
to the block.
Sir—and that is what gives me confidence—
when the anger of men expends itself the
wisdom^of God steps in. They sent General
Meade there, and I do not know which was
the most disappointed, the Conservative branch
of this body or the President of the United
States in his action. I saw it published in a
Georgia paper, when General Meade was ap-
pointed, that they had got rid of a tyrant and
had got a gentleman, one who had been edu-
cated with gentlemen. I read a Georgia paper
the day after Governor Jenkins was removed,
and that did not call General Meade a gentle-
man. It called him something else—a Lincoln
hireling and a tyrant. I believe now the only
consolation we have is that the list of generals
who are authorized to take these places is ex-
hausted. If we had another Meade's head
would go to-morrow. No matter what his
services may have been, civil or military, any-
body who stands in the way of " my policy"
must go down.
The honorable Senator from Wisconsin grows
bold as he concludes and charges upon the
Radicals of the North that they are secession-
ists. Sir, I hurl back upon the honorable Sen-
ator, with all the indignation of which I am
capable, that base and foul and false asser-
tion. It does not exist in fact. Is Meade a
secessionist? Is Sheridan a secessionist ? Let
the Senator from Wisconsin go tell either of
them so, and what response will he receive ?
| This body of men with whom he has been edu-
cated and has acted secessionists! He knows
better; and if he had not been out upon this
skirmish line of Democracy he would not have
made such utterances: but this being his first
advance, he would show himself gallant and
reckless in the charge. I care not what the
Senator may think of my being a patriot or a
secessionist: I leave that for those who come
after me to say. If I endure faithful unto the
end I shall receive the crown. If I fall by the
wayside I shall not, and ought not. Did he
mean that my honorable friend on my right,
[Mr. Howard,] who has grown gray in this
cause, was a secessionist? If so, he has done
hiin great wrong. Did he mean to say that
you, sir, who have so long been engaged in this
cause, were a secessionist! The history of
twenty years of honorable service to the coun-
try falsifies the assertion. Did he mean to say
that my honorable friend on my left, [Mr. Sum-
ner,] who has bore the beatings and bruisings
of the rebellion, was a rebel? Did he mean
to have it recorded here and go out to all the
earth that the Republican party, with which he
so long acted, and which has fought this great
battle for liberty, were secessionists? On a
former occasion I put the honorable Senator a
qnestion which I desire to put now: What
reason on earth exists that he should love this
country better than I love it? What reason
on earth exists thas he should love this coun-
try better than any of the patriots who surround
me ? There is none, there can be none, except
in that disturbed fancy through which he sees
such strange sights and hears such strange
things. Sir, I could not forego denying this
charge in justice to the living and the dead.
The Senator told us yesterday that Demo-
crats and Republicans rushed into this fight
for the country. So they did. Many of them
went in as Democrats, but they were baptized
in blood into the great Union party, and there
they have abided. Go count the vote upon
the battle-field and see how much of Democ-
racy was there. Once, while I was down at
the front in company with a gentleman who
was a Democrat, I visited a Vermont regi-
ment, and he said to one of them, " I suppose
you have some Democrats here?" The reply
was,_ "We are from Vermont." That was
considered a full answer to the question. Sir,
they were all from Vermont when the struggle
was over.
Why should the distinguished Senator from
Wisconsin love his country better than Gen-
eral Grant, who has stood amid the flying
missiles of death thicker than the countless
hail with a cheek unblancheii and an eye un-
moved. Tell me, with all candor and truth,
why Conservatives should love their country
better than Grant?
Sir, these things annoy me. It perplexes
me when I see even pebble stones thrown
before this wheel of progress that is moving
on. I caitnot see by what spirit the men are
moved or by what principles they are actuated
who do not join with me, and who are not
anxious to share in the glory of giving free-
dom and the ballot to every citizen of the
United States. That is what the Republican
1 party have done. That history is made. Let
all the powers on the earth join to overthrow
it, they cannot destroy its history.
My honorable friend from California [Mr.
Conness] will bear me witness that amid the
din and confusion of the war the Republican
party commenced and have well nigh com-
pleted the mighty work of connecting the two
oceans with iron bands. In all the days of
Democratic glory they dared not undertake it;
they would not because they could not get it
far enough south. But, sir, while every energy
; was put forth to pat down this rebellion by
; the Republican party, and that alone, this
i mighty work was commenced, the result of
j which is to change the entire channels of the
1 commerce of the world ; and there on that
distant coast we stand now reading news three
hours before it is sent upon the wires. That
great work was born of Republicanism. Sir,
let the history of the Republican party stop
here, and it is clothed with immortal glory. Let
it make no move, and it stands defying through
all coming time the feeble shafts of conserva-
tism or the more embittered ones of Democ-
racy. There its history stands.
The child yet unborn, when it reads the his-
tory of these mighty achievements, will inquire
under whose leadership they were done, and
when he is told that it was by that party that
was born of the emergencies of the rebellion
he will not only himself, but he will teach his
children to sing peans of praise to the party
that accomplished such works. I have faith
in the future. When it shall be asked in the
future who struck the shackles from four mil-
lion slaves, the answer will be the Republican
party. When it shall be asked who clothed
these emancipated slaves with the garments
of citizenship, the answer will be the Republi-
can party. When it shall be asked who has
made these fields, once so barren, bud and
blossom like the rose, it will be answered, it
was the fruit of the labor of the Republican
party. Finally, when men stand in judgment
for the deeds done here, He who judges aright
will say, "You felt for those that were in bonds,
as though you were bound with them; you
spoke freedom to the enslaved; you gave lib-
erty to the oppressed." Sir, let it be my boast
to my latest day that I shared in a small de-
gree in the glorious triumphs that I have pic-
tured. Then let those who fell back stand and
see the glory of which they are shorn. Let
them listen to the distant music, not only of
four million ransomed slaves, but of Chris-
tians of all the world-. Ay, sir, and sublimer
yet, let them listen to the angelic chorus that
will come in, "Weil done, good and faithful
servants;" and they will regret then, as they
should regret now, that they had not put. forth
all their energies to aid in this glorious achieve-
ment.
Mr. WILSON. I move that the further con-
sideration of this question be postponed until
to-morrow.
The motion was agreed to.
ADJOURNMENT TO MONDAY.
Mr. GRIMES. I move that when the Sen-
ate adjourn to-day it adjourn to meet on Mon-
day next.
The motion was agreed to.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a communication from the Secretary
of the Interior, recommending an appropria-
