1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
781
tion for the purpose of purchasing of Messrs.
I.ittle, Brown Co. two thousand copies of
the fourteenth volume of the United States
Statutes at Large, tor distribution : which was
referred to the Committee on Appropriations.
MKSS.YGE KKOM TllK UOI SK.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPheusox, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the followiug bills,
in which it requested the concurrence of the
Senate:
A bill (II. II. No. 152) for the relief of the
widow and children of Henry E. Morse;
A bill v If. II- No. -:>tl i granting a pension to
John Q. A. Keck, late a private iu the third
Missouri cavalry ;
A bill ^11. R. No. 216) granting a pension
to Milton Anderson ;
A bill til. 11. No. 257) for the relief of
James L. Diekerson ;
A bill (II. II. No. 2">$) forthe relief of Mary
E. Craig;
A bill ^H. R. No. 280) to grant a pension to
Margaret Huston ;
A bill i II. R. No. 411) for the relief of
Almira Wyeth;
A bill i II. It. No. 516) for the relief of the
widow and minor children of Benjamin B.
Naylor, late a pilot on the gunboat Patapsco;
A bill i ll. R. No. 317) granting a pension
to Cornelia K. Schmidt, widow of Adam
Schmidt, deceased, late a private in company
A, thirty-seventh Ohio volunteers ;
A bill (H. R. No. -313) granting a pension to
to George F. Gorham, late a private in com-
pany B, twenty-niuth regiment Massachusetts
volunteer infantry ;
A bill |H. II. No. 519) granting a pension
Eliza J. ltennard, widow of William K. Ren-
nard, late a private in tenth Ohio volunteers
of the war of 1861;
A bill ! II. II. No. 520) to place the name of
Josephine K. Bugher on the pension-rolls;
A bill (H. R. No. 521) to place the name of
Solomon Zachman on the pension-rolls;
A bill (H. R. No. 522) granting a pension to
W. W. Cuningham;
A bill (H. It. No. 523) granting a pension to
James S. Todd ;
A bill (H. 11. No. 524) granting a pension to
Austin M. Partridge ;
A bill (H. It. No. 525) granting a pension to
Jeremiah T. Hallet; and
A bill (H. 11. No. 520) increasing the pen-
sion of Susan A. Mitchell.
MARITIME EXHIBITION AT IIAVRE.
Mr. SUMNER. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of Senate joint
resolution No. 89.
Mr. JOHNSON. What is it?
Mr. SUMNER. It was up the other day.
There is no objection to it.
Mr. BUCKALEW. Let us hear the title
of it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion to take up the joint reso-
lution (S. R. No. 89) providing for the repre-
sentation of the United States at the interna-
tional maritime exhibition to be held at Havre.
The motion was agreed to; and the joint
resolution was read the second time, and con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. CONNESS. I think that resolution
should be amended so as to provide against
any accruing expenditure to be charged to the
Treasury. I know there is no provision in the
joint resolution for the expenditure of money,
but I fear unless provision is placed there to
provide against it such an event will occur.
Therefore I will move to amend it by adding
a proviso which I will write in a moment.
Mr. SUMNER. As there is no expenditure
authorized by the resolution I think that the
anticipation of the Senator is entirely unneces-
sary. I only fear that he may cause a delay.
Mr. CONNESS. I offer my amendment in
this shape :
Provided, That no expenditure shall accrue there-
from to the Treasury, nor shall any compensation
be paid to such persons as may be designated under
the authority of this resolution.
Mr. SUMNER. But the Seimtor does not
intend to exclude them from their pay as offi-
cers of the Navy?
Mr. CONNESS. No, sir; I do not; and I
will modify it so as to say "nor shall any ad-
ditional compensation be paid."
Mr. SUMNER. With that modification I
have no great objection to the amendment.
Mr. GRIMES. It is not possible for these
gentlemen to receive any compensation under
the resolution.
Mr. CONNESS. I know that; but this will
prevent claims being presented hereafter.
Mr. Glvl MliS. But we do not send a ship ;
we do not send commissioners. We simply
authorize the Secretary of the Navy to detail
naval officers, just as he would order them to
go from one navy-yard to another, or order
them to be transferred from one ship to another.
Mr CONNESS. I have no doubt that will
be done.
Mr. GRIMES. Then there is no necessity
for the amendment.
Mr. CONXliSS. In my opinion, unless
such an amendment be adopted, additional
expenditures will accrue and be paid.
Mr. JOHNSON. I have no particular objec-
tion to the amendment, but it is wholly un-
necessary. The officers are to be paid by their
regular pay. The Secretary of the Navy has
a right to detail them on any duty; and all
they can get is what the law as it now stands
gives as the pay of an officer when upon duty.
Mr. FESSENDEN. But they ought to be
allowed their personal expenses. They may
receive their pay as officers of the Navy while
there, but the expenses of going there ought to
be paid.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope the Senator from
California will withdraw the amendment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am opposed to the
whole measure; but if it is to be adopted I
hope this amendment of the Senator from
California will prevail, or something like it.
I should like to inquire why the necessity for
this resolution; why the necessity of author-
izing the Secretary of the Navy to detail a
naval officer to go to this exhibition ? If there
ia a naval officer who wants to go there let him
go. No expense, it is said, is to be incurred
by it. I remember very well when the Sena-
tor from Massachusetts came in here with his
first resolution to seud commissioners to the
Paris Exhibition. I recollect the debate that
occurred at that time, when the contemplated
expense was about twenty thousand dollars,
if I recollect rightly; and yet it had swelled
up the last time I knew about it to something
like half a million, and probably has cost
much more than that. Now there is to be
some other exhibition somewhere, and a reso-
lution is offered that the Secretary of the Navy
shall have authority to detail an officer of the
Navy to attend it. We have many officers of
the Navy who, I suppose, have not much em-
ployment since the war, who are floating over
the world, being feasted at the courts of Eu-
rope and elsewhere; and if the Secretary of
the Navy has authority to send them to St.
Petersburg, to Stockholm, to Lisbon, and
upon the Mediterranean, is there any difficulty
in his sending them to this point, Havre?
Let some of those naval commanders who
are now off on these expeditions stop there if
they want to do so. Why an act of Congress
on this subject? Cannot the Secretary of the
Navy send one of our vessels or authorize one
of our vessels to go to Havre as well as to
Copenhagen? I see no necessity for the res-
olution ; bnt if it is to pass I hope this amend-
ment or something like it will prevail. I will
suggest, however, in order to avoid the objec-
tion to phraseology, that the Senator from
California alter the amendment to read in this
wise:
Provided, No expense whatever shall be incurred
by the execution of this resolution.
Mr. CONNESS. That is its language sub-
stantially.
Mr. SUMNER. Do I understand that the
li Senator from Illinois would have the officer of
the Navy who is employed deprived for the
time being of his pay?
Mr. TRUMBULL. No; the language I
suggest would not deprive him of his pay. My
Eroposition is that no expense shall be incurred
y the execution of this resolution.
Mr. SUMNER. Say "no expense but the
pay of the officer."
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is not necessary.
This resolution does not stop the pay of the
officer.
Mr. CONNESS. Let my amendment be
eported
The S<
Secretary read the amendment, as fol-
lows :
Provided, That no expenditure shall accrue there-
from to the Troasury, nor shall any additional com-
pensation be paid to such persons as may bo desig-
nated under the authority of this resolution.
Mr. BUCIvALEW. I think, sir. that this
amendment to the resolution would read a
little ungraciously, as if we were afraid of the
small expense that might be incurred by these
persons. I would prefer to have the resolu-
tion stop at the word "year," to simply con-
fer upon the Secretary of the Navy power to
delegate or appoint certain officers of the Navy
to attend the exhibition as representing the
Navy Department.
Mr. SUMNER. That is the original reso-
lution.
Mr. BUCKALEW. But then there is a tail
to the resolution, that they are to do this, that,
and the other thing. It. is indicated that they
are not only to represent the United States but
to assist exhibitors in some way.
Mr. SUMNER. That is the object.
Mr. BUCKALEW. That embraces the idea
of our being connected—as we were on a
former occasion in regard to another exposi-
tion—with an expensive system of transporting
articles and exhibiting them there. If the
Senator from Massachusetts will leave off the
concluding clause of the resolution I suppose
no one will care to press the amendment.
Then it would be a simple resolution author-
izing the Secretary of the Navy to appoint a
number of officers to represent the Depart-
ment at this exhibition. If it is put in that
simple form I think we shall avoid the ques-
tion which has been debated here.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope this resolution will
be adopted without any further discussion, and
I appeal to the Senator from California not. to
press his amendment. The resolution in the
form reported was carefully considered.
! Mr. CONNESS. The Senator cannot sup-
pose I offered this amendment with any view
of obstructing the passage of the resolution.
Mr. SUMNER. 1 fear it would embarrass it.
Mr. CONNESS. The Senator knows we
are in a period when it is necessary to observe
: economy, and the Senator will remember that
there are attached to all the Departments of
this Government large contingent funds out of
which immense amounts of money are paid
which we know nothing about, for which special
appropriations are never made. The number
of secret agents appointed and duplicated and
triplicated, and paid, nobody knows how much,
ought to open our eyes, and we ought to stop
this mode of expenditure. I know that the
mere delegation of a few officers w1iq are now
in Europe will not result in expense; but, as
stated by the Senator from Pennsylvania the
latter part of the resolution points to certain
facilities which they are to give to exhibitors,
and I certainly am unwilling to make another
great show in France.
Mr. SUMNER. I am perfectly willing to
strike out those words.
Mr. CONNESS. If the Senator will do that
I will withdraw my amendment.
Mr. SUMNER. Let us strike out, then, all
after the word "year." The words to be
stricken out are:
There to represent the United States and otherwise
to promote the interest of exhibitors from our coun-
try.
Mr. CONNESS. I withdraw my amendment
for the purpose of allowing that change to be
made.
