782
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 24,
Mr. CONKLING. How will the resolution
read then?
The Secretary. It is proposed to amend
the resolution so as to make it read:
That tho Secretory of the Navy be authoriied to
detail one or more officers ot tho Navy, as he shall
think best, to be present at tho international mari-
time exhibition to be hold nt Havre under tho aus-
pices of the French Government,from tho lstof June
t  the 30th day of October of tho present year.
Mr. SHERMAN. I should like to inquire
of the Senator from Massachusetts what is the
purpose of this resolution?
Mr. SUMNER. Here is an elaborate docu-
ment on the table of the Senator, being papers
communicated by the French Government to
ours, and by the Department of State trans-
mitted to the Senate, letting us know that there
is to be a large international maritime exhi-
bition at Havre during the coming season.
Mr. SHERMAN. An exhibition of ves-
sels?
Mr. SUMNER. Of vessels and of every-
thing relating to vessels and to navigation,
being matters in which onr Government and
our people are peculiarly interested. I believe
that every Government of Europe has already
appointed commissioners to be present at the
exhibition. Ours has not; but there are already
thirty-seven American exhibitors who have en-
tered their names on the list of exhibitors, and
there is a committee organized in New York in
order to promote the exhibition and the inter-
ests of the exhibitors. The simple object of
this resolution is to carry out a suggestion from
the Department of State, that we should in
some way have some agent or representative
at Havre who can look after the interests of
our exhibitors, and do for them what the com-
missioners of other Governments will do for
the exhibitors of their countries respectively.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is perfectly manifest,
from the statement of the case by the Senator
from Massachusetts that this will involve a
great deal of expense.
Mr. SUMNER. Not at all; the Senator is
mistaken.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator will allow
me to conclude. I have not examined the
papers, and therefore I cannot speak from the
papers. But as a matter of course if we now
officially recognize this exhibition we commit
ourselves to send vessels 
Mr. SUMNER. Not at all; no vessel is to
be sent. I beg the Senator's pardon.
Mr. SHERMAN. This is to be an exhibi-
tion of vessels, I understand, including, prob-
ably, men-of-war and vessels of various char-
ac'ers.
Mr. CONNESS. And guns—ordnance.
Mr. SUMNER. No ordnance.
Mr. SHERMAN. Iron clads.
Mr. SUMNER. No; if the Senator will
only read the papers he will see that he is
incorrect. He is speaking of papers he has
not read. This is to be a commercial exhibi-
tion entirely.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think the resolution
had better go over until Monday.
Mr. SUMNER. I submit to the Senator
that it is important that this should be acted
on now. The arrangements must be made
some time in the month of February. This has
been cafefully considered by the Committee
on Foreign Relations, and unless the Senator
has really looked into the subject and prepared
himself against the measure I do ask that he
will allow it to pass.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have not looked into
it; but I think the Senator might let it go over
as unfinished business until Monday.
Mr. SUMNER. Then we lose time. I ap-
peal to the Senate to let this resolution pass.
I have tried to get it up every day this week.
I have been pressed by another Department of
the Government to speed it. It is important
that we should act upon it now if we act upon
it at all. I hope there will be no objection.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I cannot consent that
this joint resolution shall pass the Senate in
thia way without consideration. It is very
manifest that it will cost the Government thou-
sands of dollars, from the statement of the
Senator himself.
Mr. GRIMES. What statement is that?
Mr. TRUMBULL. The statement of the
Senator from Massachusetts was that the same
facilities are to be afforded our exhibitors as
are to be afforded those of other countries.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Is that to cost nothing?
Now, why the necessity of bringing this matter
here if the Secretary of the Navy can do all
this without a resolution? It is said he can
detail an officer to go there if he thinks proper.
Then why this resolution ? I am surprised
that an attempt should be made to force this
resolution through at such an hour as this 
DEATH OF HON. ELTJAII IIISE.
Mr. McPiieksox, the Clerk of the House of
Representatives, appeared at the bar and said :
Mr. P resident, I have been directed by the
House of Representatives to communicate to
the Senate the resolutions adopted by the
House in regard to the death of H on. Ei.ijah
Hise, late a Representative from the State of
Kentucky.
The resolutions of the House were read.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, Elijah Hise
was born in Alleghany county, Penrrsylvania,
on the 4th of July, 1801. In his early infancy
his father, with his family, emigrated to Ken-
tucky, and settled in Logan county, in which
I the deceased was raised and lived and died,
j His education was not thorough, though it
| comprehended a fair knowledge of his own
and the Latin languages, and some of the
plainer branches of mathematics and natural
philosophy.
He was endowed by nature with intellectual
powers of uncommon strength and solidity.
Throughout his life he was an assiduous reader
and student, and a patient, profound, and ori-
ginal thinker. He chose the profession of the
law for his pursuit, and rapidly achieved in it
juridical learning, forensiceloquence, and pecu-
niary competence. In conformity to the genius,
taste, and habitudes of the profession in his
State, he blended early political with his legal
studies. He became a disciple of the Jeffer-
sonian school of politics, and gave to it all his
intellect and all his heart; and of its great host
of-illustrious advocates few were more able,
none more true, constant, and courageous.
The powers of the Government of the United
States, conferred upon it by the Constitution,
' received the sanction of his judgment; but the
sovereignty and rights of the States which they
reserved to themselves possessed every faculty
of his intellect and every sentiment of his soul,
and he never faltered in their support.
When a young man he was elected to repre-
sent his county in the State Legislature; but
taking decided ground against the political
promotion of Mr. Clay, he, with most of his
associates in Kentucky, had to succumb to the
great statesman's resistless power with the
people. The Democratic party nominated Mr.
Hise as their candidate for Lieutenant Gov-
ernor in opposition to Hon. Charles A. Wick-
lifFe, who had been selected by the Whigs, and
these opposing champions made a canvass
over the whole State, unsurpassed in the power
and eloquence of their public addresses and
the earnest and great efforts made by the Whig
■ and Democratic parties for their respective
leaders; but on that banner opposed to Mr.
I Hise was written a name in Kentucky always
: victorious, Henry Clay. In 1847 Mr. Hise
was appointed United States minister to the
republic of Central America, in which position
he served his country for some years and then
resigned it. He returned to his country, re-
sumed the practice of his profession, from
which he was called by the people to fill a seat
on the bench of the court of appeals, our
highest judicial tribunal, in which he served
his State for a full term, becoming near the
close of it the chief justice.
On the death of Hon. Henry Grider he was
elected a Representative to fill the residue of
his term; and after its expiration, on the 6th of
May, 1807, was reelected by the largest majority
ever cast in the district, and on the 8th day of
May following he died by his own hand.
Mr. Hise was a strongly marked man. He
possessed a great natural intellect, in which the
reasoning faculty was the predominant power,
and that he sedulously improved by an exten-
sive course of reading and patient and deep
thought. He was conscious of his own strength
both by endowment and acquisition, and few
men were more self-reliant. He formed and
adopted principles and opinions by the lights
of his own reason with singular independence
and correctness, and adhered to them with a
constancy and fidelity that were never Sur-
passed ; and he adorned all the places which
lie filled by his ability, integrity, and virtues.
He was greatly attached to our mixed system
of national and State governments; it was, in
truth, his political idol, and few men had a
more perfect comprehension of it. He be-
lieved that this great work of our fathers had
been assaulted and was about to be subverted
by the demon of faction ; that there was not
enough of courage, intelligence, and virtue
left to the people to save it; and he chose to
die rather than witness the consummation of
so direful a catastrophe. This was his sad,
settled, deep conviction, and he sealed its
sincerity with his own blood ; but in this he
committed a deplorable and irreparable error.
Mr. Hise should never have despaired of the
Republic. He should have protracted his life
to its greatest possible length, and to its last
day he should have given his great powers to
the rescue of that Constitution and those liber-
ties which he loved so dearly.
Mr. President, I move the adoption by tho
Senate of the following resolutions:
Resolved, That the Senate has received with deep
sensibility the announcement of the death of Hon.
Elijah Hise, late a member of the House of Repre-
sentatives trom the State of Kentucky.
Resolved, That, as a mark of respect for the mem-
ory of the deceased, the members of the Senate will
wear the usual badge of mourning for thirty days.
Resolved, That, as a further mark of respect for tho
memory of the deceased, the Senate do now adjourn.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Mr. President, in rising
to second the resolutions offered by the Sen-
ator from Kentucky, 1 am not able to speak of
Mr. Hise's qualities from observation. My
fersonal acquaintance with him wasbut slight.
was introduced to him by Mr. Guthrie in this
Chamber,, and felt that I was standing in the
presence of two of the strong men of Ken-
tucky—men of a class that contributed largely
to the solid fame of that Commonwealth.
The resolutions adopted by the bar and
spread upon the records of the circuit court
of the county in which he lived enable me to
say that his intellectual faculties were of the
highest order, that he was a cultivated scholar,
an able and successful lawyer, an independent
thinker, and bold and self-reliant in action.
He attained to the office of chief justice of
Kentucky, and the thirteenth and fourteenth
books of Monroe's Reports place him among
the enlightened jurists and impartial judges.
His death was the saddest we can contem-
plate. The cloud that hangs over his last act
has no silver lining. The ages are past in which
a false philosophy allowed the taking of one's
own life and a vicious sentiment clothed sui-
cide with the glory of heroism. It is con-
demned by the judgment of the present age.
Perhaps there is not proof of insanity in his
case, and that defense of his conduct may not
be interposed, yet in extenuation I think it
may be justly allowed us in generous sympathy
to believe that a dark and gloomy melancholy
brooded over his intellectual and moral facul-
ties and disturbed their relations and their
harmonious action. Advancing age and fail-
ing health and extreme solicitude for the wel-
fare of the country seem to have broken his
strong will and overcast his clear intellect with
the deepest gloom. The plaintive cry of a
broken spirit is in his last message to his friends.
Our profoundest emotions are excited when we
hear the cry of a strong man :
"I have lost all hope of being able to aid in saving
