1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL (tLOBE.
m
the country from impending disaster and ruin." *
* * s " I am enfeebled by the infirmities of
age and by disease. I am weaiy of the world, and
intend to leave it. I am sick at heart and resort to
death for relief."
Upon his own motion he has left the court
below, lie lias laid down the weapons of foren-
sic contest forever. The scales of justice are
110 longer held in his firm and steady hand.
The term is over ; the records are closed. He
now stands in the presence of that higher tri-
bunal where there are no dilatory pleas nor
motions in arrest of judgment nor writs of
error, but where the right must prevail—the
right as fixad by God's law, and administered
under His infiuite mercy.
The resolutions were agreed to; and the
Seuate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Fridat, January 24, 1868.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boykton.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
order of business.
The SPEAKER. This being private bill
day, the first business in order is the calling
of committees for reports of a private nature,
commencing with the Committee on Invalid
Pensions,
pacific railroad branch.
Mr. PRICE, by unanimouj consent, reported
back from the Committee on the Pacific Kail-
road a bill (H. R. No. 4-39) to aid in the con-
struction of a railroad and telegraph line from
Portland, Oregon, to connect with the Central
Pacific railroad at the northern bend of the
Humboldt, in the State of Nevada, and to
secure to the Government the use of the same
for postal, military, and other purposes ; which
was ordered to be printed, and recommitted.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was re-
committed; and also moved that the motion
to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
naval appropriation bill.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, reported
from the Committee on Appropriations a bill
(H. R. No. 515) making appropriations for
the naval service for the year ending 30th June.
1869; which was read a first and second time,
©rdered to be printed, and recommitted.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Tosccom-
pany that bill I desire to present a report in
the form of tabular statements, which I desire
to have printed. I wish also to state that my
purpose in having this bill recommitted is that
the Committee on Appropriations may examine
it in connection with the revised estimates
which have been sent in by the Secretary of
the Navy. His original estimates for the next
fiscal year amounted to between forty-seven
and forty-eight million dollars.
Mr. BUTLER. He still having in his hands
anexpended $15,000,000;
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Yes, sir,
there being, as I understand, $15,000,000 of the
appropriations for the Navy Department yet
unexpended. The appropriations embraced
in the bill which I have jnst reported amount
to less than nineteen millions dollars, which
amount the committee think sufficient to meet
every exigency of the public service in that
Department and to sustain the Navy in all
its efficiency. By this bill, reported by a Re-
publican committee of a Repnblican Congress,
the estimates originally sent in by a Democratic
Secretary of the Navy of a Democratic Admin-
istration are reduced from fortyseven to forty-
eight million dollars to eighteen or nineteen
millions.
Mr. SPALDING. It should be stated, in
justice to a high officer of the Government,
that the Secretary of the Navy has revised
his original estimates and reduced them to
$25,000,000.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I was
■about to stnte thnt the Secretary of the Navy, jj
having originally sent in estimates amounting to j j
more than forty-seven millions, has now sent in ]
arevisalof those estimates, cutting them down, :
I am advised, to twenty-four or twenty-five mil- j
lion dollars. That the committee may exam- !
ine the bill in connection with these revised
estimates I have moved the recommitment of
the bill. I move also that the tabular state-
ments which I now present be printed as a
report accompanying the bill.
The motion was agreed to.
protecting passengers on emigrant ships.
Mr. CHANLER. I ask unanimous consent
to introduce a preamble and resolution in ref-
erence to the protection of passengers onboard
of emigrant ships and to correctcertainabuses.
The Clerk read as follows:
Whereas the commissioners of emigration for the
city of New York, at a stated half monthly meet-
ins held on 2:M J a nuary, 1808, took up the ease of the
unlucky ship Liebnita, examined into and estab-
lished the truth of tbc following statement of facts,
namely:
That said ship left the port of Hamburg on the 2d
of November, 1367, with 544 passengers—adults, 395;
minors, 108; infants in arms. 40. Most of the male
adults were farmers froin Mecklenburg, bound for
Illinois and Wisconsin; forty were Prussians, and
a few Saxons. Of these 544 passengers, 108 died of
typhusfover, namely : 105 on thepassage and 3 in the
bay of New York. The first death occurred on the
135th of November last. Whole families perished on
tin* ship of this diseaseon tlii.s voyage: Therefore,
lie it resolved hy the House of Representatives. That
a select committee of nine be appointed by this Hou^e
to inquire into the best means to prevent such evils
for the future, and that they have power to report by
bill or otherwise at any time.
Mr. CHANLER. I will say that I do not
wish to be on the committee myself. !
Mr. SPALDING. I object to any more ,
special committees. I
Mr. CHANLER. Then I will agree to have
it referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. SPALDING. The resolution being :
modified in that respect, I withdraw my objec-
tion. !
The preamble and resolution, as modified, ;
were adopted. I
Mr. CHANLER moved to reconsider the
vote just taken ; and also moved that the motion
to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
adverse reports.
Mr. BENJAMIN, from the Committee on
Invalid Pensions, made adverse reports on the
following cases ; and the same were laid on
the table:
An act (H. R. No. 398) granting a pension
to William B. Looney;
Petition for the relief of Samuel Naylor;
Petition of Joseph W. Hitchcock, of Ellis-
burg, Jefferson county, New York, for increase
of pension; and
Petition of Caroline E. Burdett.
henry e. morse.
Mr. BENJAMIN, from the same committee,
reported back House bill No. 152, for the relief
of the widow and children of Henry E. Morse,
with a substitute.
The substitute provides that the Secretary
of the Interior shall be directed to place upon
the pension-rolls the name of the widow and
minor children under sixteen years of age of
Henry E. Morse, late private company G, ninth
! regiment Vermont volunteers, subject to the
| provisions and limitations of the pension laws.
The report states that the evidence shows
! the following facts: that Henry E. Morse,
| private company G ninth regiment Vermont
| volunteers, in the war for the suppression of
the rebellion, while serving with his company
I near Yorktown, Virginia, was detailed as a
i cook for the company officers. He constructed
I a temporary shec! or kitchen for that purpose.
| On the 23d of September, 1803, some one of
his company officers informed him that out-
side of the camp-guard, but within the picket
tine, wer > some old, deserted barracks, which
had been formerly used by the rebels and in
which were some window-sashes much needed
in the kitchen aforesaid, and also informed
him how he eoold in the night get past the
camp-guard. While attempting to do so, and
for the purpose aforesaid, he was shot and in-
stantly killed by a colored soldier of the Union
Army who was doing guard duty at the time.
Not beingin the line of duty, the case does not
come within the provisions of the general law,
but it is clearly shown that in attempting to
perform this service he had the consent of his
company officers. Therefore the committee
report a bill for the relief of his widow and
minor children.
The substitute was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time ; and being en-
grossed, it was accordingly read the third time,
and passed.
Mr. BENJAMIN moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
benjamin b. naylor.
Mr. BENJAMIN, from the same committee,
reported a bill (H. R. No. 516) granting a pen-
sion to the widow and minor children of Ben-
jamin B. Naylor, late a pilot on the gunboat
Patapsco; which was read a first and second
time.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior
to place the name of the widow and minor
children under sixteen years of age of Benja-
min B. Naylor, late pilot on the gunboat Pa-
tapsco, on the pension-rolls at the rate allowed
pilots in the Navy, to commence on the 15th of
January, 1865, the same to be subject to the
provisions and limitations of the pension laws,
and paid out of the naval pension fund.
The report in the case was read. It states
that on or about the 2d of January, 1865, Ben-
jamin B. Navlor, husband of the petitioner,
was appointed by Commodore G. Scott a pilot
in the Navy, subject to the approval of the
admiral commanding the fleet in Charleston
harbor, Commodore Scott being the senior offi-
cer. Upon his appointment Naylor was sent
on board the gunboat Patapsco, which vessel,
while on picket duty on the night of January
15, was blown up by a torpedo and all on board,
including the husband of the petitioner, were
drowned. Only three <?ays elapsed between his
appointment and his death, therefore the ap-
pointment was never confirmed, and the ves-
sel's papers being lost it does not appear at
the Ivavy Department, and no pension can be
granted to the widow under the general law.
The fact of his appointment and death is clearly
proved by officers of the Navy.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. BENJAMIN moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
jane m. judd.
Mr. MILLER, from the Committee on In-
valid Pensions, reported adversely on House
bill No. 801, for the relief of the legal heirs and
representatives of the late Jane M. Jmld; and
the same was ordered to be laid on the table.
james l. dickerson.
Mr. MILLER, from the same committee,
reported back House bill No. 257, for the relief
of James L. Dickerson, with a substitute.
! The substitute, which was read, direct3 the
Secretary of the Interior to place on the pen-
\ sion-rolls the name of Mr. Dickerson, late pri-
vate in company D, first West Virginia artil-
lery, in the war of 1861, and that he be paid a
pension the same as is allowed to privates, sub-
ject to the provisions and limitations of the
general pension laws, to commence from the
27th of June, 1865.
The report in the case was read. It states
that on the 16th of August, 1862. Dickerson
; enlisted as a private at Wheeling in Battery D,
| West Virginia artillery, for three years or dur-
i ing the war, and on the 20th of the same month
