m
CONGRESSIONAL GLOB*
January 24,
he was mastered in. At the time of hi* enlist-
ment he was carefully examined by the sur-
geon and found to be in sound health and fit
for military duty. The captain of the said bat*
tery testified that he was a robust, stout young
man, aBd that he served "rf^ljt along" with
the battery in the field faithfully, without.sick-
nets or even complaining, for two years and
five months. On the 2d of February, 1865, his
battery started from Parkersburg to Clarks-
burg in the rain. That night there «u no
shelter except faom mils and some hay. It
turned cold and froze, and continued freezing
for three days. When the battery reached
Clarksburg the petitioner had contracted a
cold, became worse, and was sent to the Uni-
ted States hospital. He continued to perform
duty until his discharge with the rest of tne com-
pany in 1865. When he came home the cold
settled on his lungs and ran into consumption.
He is now confined to the house, a helpless
burden on a poor widowed mother. It appears
that he made application for a passion, but his
application was rejected on the ground ef want
of evidence that bis disease was contracted
while in the service. He has since .been exam-
ined by a- surgeon, and testimony has been
taken from which it appears that his disease
originated in the line of his duty. The com-
pany had bo regular gargeoa, and the name
of tVe acting surgeon was not recollected by
the applicant. The committee report that the
evidence is sufficient to satisfy them that a pen-
sion should be allowed.
The substitute was agreed to.
The hill was then ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time ; and being engrossed, it
was accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. MILLER moved to reconsider tlm vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
corn ilia k. schmidt.
Mr. MILLER, from the same committee,
reported a bill" (H. R. No. 517) granting a pen-
sion to Cornelia K. Schmidt, widow of Adam
Schmidt, deceased, late private in company A,
thirty-seventh regiment Ohio volunteers; which
was read a first and second time.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior
to place upon the pension rolls the name of
CorneliaK. Schmidt, widotf of Adam Schmidt,
late a private in company A, thirty-seventh Ohio
volunteers, and pay her the pension allowed*
private during her widowhood, subject 'to the
provisions and limitations of the pension laws,
to commence on the 10th day of April, 1864;
and in case of her death or marriage, then the
pension to be paid to the minor children of
said Adam Schmidt, deceased^ who may be
und£r sixteen years of age^ snbject to the pro-
visions of the general pension laws.
From the report it appears that Adam Schmidt
enlisted at Cleveland, Ohio, on the 24th of
August, 1861, as a private in company A, thirty-
seventh Ohio volunteers, for tnree years or
during the war, and on the 10th of April, 1864,
while at home at Cleveland on veteran furlough
died of chronic diarrhea, leaving a widow and
three children, the latter all minor*. Applica-
oation was made to the Commissioner of Pen-
sions for a pension, but it was rejeoted upon the
ground that the disease of which the deceased
died was contracted while he was on furlough.
The committee are of opinion from the evidence
adduced that the disease was contracted while
in the service.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. MILLER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
correction of the journal.
Mr. WASHBUBNE, of Illinois. I rise to a
question of privilege.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman wittslate it.
Mr. WASHBURNE, ef Illinois. My vote
on the reconstruction bill was net recorded. I
voted and voted distinctly for the bill, being in
favor of it. I am surprised to learn npon in-
quiry at the Clerk's desk that my vote was not
recorded.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has a right
to have the Journal corrected.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask that
it shall be corrected.
The SPEAKER. And the gentlemen's vote
recorded in the affirmative V
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Yes, sir;
recorded in the affirmative.
The SPEAKER. The Journal will be cor-
rected accordingly.
george r. gorfia*.
Mr. MILLER, from the Committee on In-
valid Pensions, reported a bill (H. R. No. 518)
granting a pension to George F. Gorham, late
a private in company B, twenty-ninth regiment
Massachusetts volunteer infantry; which was
read a first and second time.
The bill was read in extinso. The first sec-
tion directs the Secretary of the Interior to
place npon the pension-rolls the namu of
George F. Gorham, late a private in company
B, twenty-ninth Massachusetts volunteer in-
fantry, in the war of 1861, and that he be paid
the same amount of pension allowed in similar
cases, subject to the provisions and limitations
of the general pension laws, to be computed
from the 16th day of January, 1865.
The second section provides that inasmuch
as the said George F. Gorham is now insane,
and his father, John J. Gorham, has been
appointed his guardian, the pension may be
paid over to the said guardian to be a plied to
the support of said George F. Gorha "i.
From the report it appears that George F.
Gorham when twenty years of age,_on the 26th
of August, 1861, enlisted ,as a private for the
term of three years in company B, twenty-
ninth Massachusetts volunteer infantry; that
he served in the Army faithfully for three ye-rs,
and on, the 1st of January,, 1864, received an
honorable discharge; that he reenlisted in the
same company as a veteran volunteer, and on
the 16th of January, 1865, was discharged on
a surgeon's certificate for disability, ana that
he has since become insane. t It further appears
that Gorham had been afflicted with epilepsy
petpr to his enlistment, but that at both times
of enlistment he was carefully examined by
the surgeons appointed for that purpose and
found to be a-proper person to perform mili-
tary duty. The committee are of opinion that
the heart disease which resulted in the derange-
ment of his mind was contracted ia cons*-
quenoe of over-exertion and excitement at the
battle of Weldon railroad.
Mr. LOGAN. I did not understand the last
clause of the bill distinctly when it was read.
Does it provide that the father shall draw this
pension during the natural life of the son ?
Mr. MILLER. Only during his insanity.
The father is to act as trustee to receive this
pension, to be applied to the support-of the
young man.
Mr. LOGAN. To be applied to the support
of the young man during his insanity ?
Mr. MILLER. Yes, sir.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would suggest
to the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Miller] to amend the bill by adding to it the
words "during his insanity." Those words
are not now in the bill.
Mr. MILLER. I do not think that neces-
sary. This is regulated by the general pension
law, and it would be but a repetition to put
those words in the second section.
Mr. LOGAN. I move to amend by adding
the words " during his insanity."
Mr. MILLER. I have no objection to the
amendment, though I think it is mere sur-
plusage.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was then ordered to
be engrossed and read a third time: and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read A* third
time, and passed.
Mr. MILLER moved to reconsider die vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter mot;on was agreed to.
eiilza J. rennard.
Mr. MILLER, from the same committes,
also reported a bill (H. R. No. 519) granting a
pennon to Eliaa J. Ren Bard, widow of William
K. Rensard, deceased, late a private in the
tenth lattery Ohio volunteers in the war of
1861; which was read a first and seeond time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill was read at length. It directs the
Secretary of the Interior to place on the pen-
skm-roNs, subject to the provisions and regu-
lations of the pension law, the name of Elis*
J. Rennard, widow of William K. Rennard,
late a private in the tenth battery Ohio volun-
teers. to receive a pension during her widow-
hood, the pension to commence on the 1st .of
March, 1865, and in case of her death or mar-
riage to be continued to the minor children
under sixteen years of age.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask that
the report be read.
The report was read. It itatei that William
K. Rennard, on the 2d December, 1861, at
Xenia, Ohio, was enrolled as a private in the
tenth battery Ohio volunteers to serve three
years or during the war. He served,faithfally
until .August 17,1864. The battery was then
encamped near Marietta, Georgia. During
the absence of the captain Rennard with two
other privates ventured beyond the picket line
in search of fruit or berries, and when a mile
or two beyond the pickets, in a public road,
they were surprised by some rebel cavalry.
One of the privates escaped; the other two
were captured and consigned to a rebel prison.
After a time Rennard ana Mitchell, the two pri-
vates thus captured, were removed to the rebel
prison at Salisbury, North Carolina, where
Rennard sickened and died on or about Feb-
ruary 15,1865^ leaving a widow and two minor
children, who are poor and without support.
On the records in the Adjutant Generals
office Rennard is recorded as "deserted Au-
gust 17, 1864, at Marietta, Georgia." On the
muster-out roll of the tenth Ohio battery be is
reported "captured while outside the picket
line without leave, near Marietta, Georgia,
August 17.1864." . Captain J. R. Crane, com-
manding the battery at the time, testifies that
inasmuch as the private waa captured while
atiwt from his company without leave he was
marked as a deserter under the Army regula-
tions. He also testifies that the deceased had.
served his country honorably and faithfslly,
and that be believes he had no intention to
desert or do anything wrong. The captain
also testifies that Michael Mitchell, a private
of the same battery, who was captured at the
same time and in like manner, reported as a
deserter, returned to hit hnttenr after his re-
lease from the rebel prison, and upon a state-
ment of the facts, together with the recom-
mendation of his officers, the disability was
removed from him.
From the evidence-it is clear that the unfor-
tunate man did not intend to violate his daty.
It ia not to be supposed that he would contem-
plate desertion when he had nearly served out
his time. Had he lived there is no doubt that
the stigma ef desertion would have been re-
moved from him as it was from Miehael Mitch-
ell, who was captured at the same time and
under like circumstances.
The widow made application for a pension
in due form of law to toe Commissioner of Pen-
sions, but it was rejected on the ground that at
the time of her husband's capture by the rebel*
he was not ia the line ef his doty. This tech-
nically may bo true, but in this case it would
be hard to deprive the widow and young chil-
dren bf the small aid asked for because of a
little indiscretion en the part of a faithful sol-
dier who lost hit life in a rebel prison. Under
the circumstances the committee recommend
the psmisge of the accompanying bill.
