1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
735
Mr. UPSON. If I have rightly understood
this report, it admits this to be the case of a
deserter.
Mr. MILLER. No, sir; it is a case in which
by mistake soldiers have been marked on the
rolls as deserters, when in fact there was no
desertion. These men were encamped near
Marietta. Georgia, and while the captain was
away they went out to get some provisions or
fruit for the company. Straying a short dis-
tance beyond the picket lines, they were cap-
tured by rebel cavalry scouting in that section.
There was no desertion on their part, and 110
intention to desert. They served their country
faithfully.
Mr. UPSON. That explanation is satisfac-
tory.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading: and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. MILLER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
its Secretary, announced that the Senate had
agreed to the report of the committee of con-
ference 011 the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses upon the bill (II. R. No. 207) to pro-
vide for the exemption of cotton from internal
tax.
The message further announced that the
Senate had disageed to the amendments of the >
House to the third amendment of the Senate
to the bill (H. R. No. 320) making appropri-
ations to supply deficiencies in the appropri-
ations for the execution of the reconstruction
laws and for the service of the quartermaster's
department of the Government for the fiscal
year ending June 30. 18G8, and for other pur-
poses, and had insisted on its fourteenth amend-
ment, disagreed to by the House.
Mr. BURR obtained the floor.
Mr. LOGAN. I ask my colleague [Mr.
Burr] to yield to me that I may present a
petition.
Mr. BURR. I will do so if it does not pro-
voke discussion. |
illinois and michigan canal.
Mr. LOGAN. I desire, by unanimous con-
sent, to present a memorial of citizens of Illi-
nois in reference to the Illinois and Michigan
canal and river improvements; and I move its
reference, with the accompanying papers, to
the Committee on Roads and Canals.
Mr. EGGLESTON. I suggest that it be
referred to the Committee on Commerce. That
committee had the subject under consideration
last year.
Mr. LOGAN. I prefer that the memorial !
should be referred to the Committee on Roads I
and Canals. j
The SPEAKER. It will be so referred, if j
there is no objection.
Mr. EGGLESTON. I move to amend the
motion of the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Logan] by striking out "Roads and Canals"
and inserting '• Commerce." I want all these
matters to go before one committee, so that 1
they may be acted on intelligently.
Mr. LOGAN. I desire that this memorial
shall be referred to the Committee on Roads
and Canals, first, because the chairman of that j
committee [Mr. Cook] resides in the vicinity j
of the location of this canal and is perhaps ;
more conversant with the interests of that part
of the country and with the operations of the
canal than any gentleman upon the Committee
on Commerce. I I
Mr. BURR. If this discussion is to continue
I must resume the floor.
Mr. VVASHBURNE, of Illinois. Ihopemy
colleague upon the Committee on Commerce
[Mr. Eggleston] will not insist on his motion.
Mr. BURR. I believe I must resume the
floor.
Mr. CULLOM. I hope the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. E6oleston] will withdraw his
amendment.
Mr. BURR. I decline to yield further. I
must proceed with the reports from the Com-
mittee on Invalid Pensions. And I desire to
say that, although each bill which I shall report
is accompanied with a written report, I hope
gentlemen will not insist on the reading of the
reports, because the time of the committee is
limited.
herman j. ehlek.
Mr. BURR moved that the Committee on
Invalid Pensions be discharged from the further
consideration of the petition of Herman J.
Ehler, asking a pension for services in the War
of 1812; and that the same be referred to the
Committee on Revolutionary Pensions and of
the War of 1812.
The motion was agreed to.
john q. a. keck.
Mr. BURR, from the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, reported back with an amendment
in the form of a substitute a bill (H. li. No.
236) granting a pension to John Q. A. Keck,
late a private in the third Missouri cavalry.
The substitute, whion was read, proposes to
direct the Secretary of the Interior to place the
name of John Q. A. Keck, late a private in the
third Missouri cavalry, on the pension-rolls,
the pension to commence December 19, 1862,
and to be subject to the provisions and limita-
tions of the pension laws.
The substitute was adopted.
The bill, as amended by the adoption of the
substitute, was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. BURR moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed, and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid on the table, i
The latter motion was agreed to.
josephine k. bugher.
Mr. BURR, from the same committee, also
reported a bill (H. R. No. 520) to place the
name of Josephine K. Bugher on the pension-
rolls ; which was read a first and second time.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior
to place on the pension-rolls the name of Jose-
phine K. Bugher, at the rate of twenty dollars
permonth, commencing the lstof August, 1861,
as the widow of Captain William Iv. Bugher,
subject to the limitations and restrictions of the
pension laws.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. BURR moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
solomon zachman.
Mr. BURR, from the same committee, re-
ported a bill (H. R. No. 521) to place the name
of Solomon Zachman on the pension-rolls ;
which was read a first and second time.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior
to place the name of Solomon Zachman, of Ma-
rion county, Ohio, company D, eighty-second
regiment Ohio volunteers, on the pension-rolls
at eight dollars per month, to commence on the
30th of May, 1864, subject to the limitations
and requirements of the pension laws.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. BURR moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed ; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
mary b. craig.
Mr. BURR, from the same committee, re-
ported back House bill No. 258, for the relief
of Mary B. Craig, with a substitute.
The substitute authorizes a«d directs the
Secretary of the Interior to place the name of
Mary B. Craig, of Marshal county, West Vir-
ginia, widow of Samuel F. Craig, on the pen-
sion-rolls, at the rate of eight dollars per month,
to commence on the 1st of July 1865, subject
to the limitations and provisions of the pension
laws.
The substitute was adopted.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time ; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. BURR moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed ; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
margaret huston.
Mr. BTTRR, from the same committee, re-
ported back House bill No. 280, to grant a
pension to Margaret Huston, with a substitute.
The substitute authorizes and directs the
Secretary of the Interior to place the name of
Margaret Huston on the pension-rolls, as a
widow, at the rate of seventeen dollars per
month, from the 1st of January, 1865, subject
to the limitations and provisions of the pension
laws.
The substitute was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was read the third time, ana
passed.
Mr. BURR moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed ; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
milton anderson.
Mr. NUNN, from the same committee, re-
ported back House bill No. 246, granting a
pension to Milton Anderson, with the recom-
mendation that it do pass.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior
to place the name of Milton Anderson, late
private company K, one hundred and fifteenth
regiment Illinois infantry volunteers, on the
pension-rolls at the rate of fifteen dollars per
month, to commence from the 1st day of May,
1863, and to continue during his natural life.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. BURR moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
mrs. bridget o'connor.
Mr. NUNN, from the same committee, re-
ported adversely on the petition of Mrs. Bridget
O'Connor, widow of Richard O'Connor, late
private company K, Merrill's horse ; and the
same was laid on the table.
michael kinney.
Mr. VAN AERNAM, from the same com-
mittee, reported adversely on the petition of
Michael Kinney, for an increase of invalid
pension; and the same was ordered to be laid
on the table.
austin m. partridge.
Mr. VAN AERNAM, from the same com-
mittee, also reported a bill (H. R. No. 524)
granting a pension to Austin M. Partridge;
which was read a first and second time.
The bill directs the name of the petitioner,
late wagoner of company F, second Iowa in-
fantry, to be placed on the pension-rolls, sub-
ject to the provisions and limitations of the
pension laws, the pension to commence March
26, 1864.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. VAN AERNAM moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
w. w. cunningham.
Mr. VAN AERNAM, from the same com-
mittee, also reported a bill (H. R. No. 522)
