m
vommmmAi m*m.
January JM,
granting a pmwidn to W. W. C<iniHtigha r>,
which was read n first and second time.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior
to place the ntn« of the petitioner, late ser-
geant of company C, thirteenth New York cav-
alry, on the peiwion-rolls, subject to the pro-
visions and limitations of the pension laws, the
pension to coatmeno* from the 35th of Octo-
ber. 1085.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, k vras
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. TAN AEIINAM noted to reconsider
the vote by which the bitt *M paused; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
james 8. todd.
Mr. VAN AEIiNAM, from the same com-
mittee, ako reported a bill (H. R. No. 528)
gran ling a pension to James 8. Todd; which
"was read a first and second time.
The kill directs the Secretary of the Interior
to place *on the pension-rolls, subject to the
provisions and limitations of the pension laws,
the name of James S. Todd, of North Caro-
lina, father of two sons who died in the first
ragiaieat North Carolina volunteers.
• Mr. SPALDING, i call for the reading of
the report.
The report was read. It states tkat the peti-
tioner had fow soas in the United States ser-
vice, two in the Navy and two in the Army.
The two in the Army both died in the service;
one who served in the Navy is supposed to be
dead ^ the other is married and lives in Phila-
delphia. The petition is signed by numerous
citizens of North Carolina, who testify to the
father being in destitute circumstances.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
tead a third time; ami bein^engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third lime, and passed.
Mr. VAN AERNAM moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was Agreed to.
ar.miax wyeth.
Mr. VAN AERNAM, from the tame eow-
teittee, also reported back Hoist bill No. 411,
for the relief of Almira Wyeth, with a recom-
mendation that it do pass.
The bill,'which was read, directa the placing
on the pension-rolls of the name of the widow
of James M. Wyeth, late private in company
I, seventieth regiment Illinois volunteers ; the
pension to commence March 5f 1863.
The bill wag ordered to be engrossed and
Ifead a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. VAN AERNAM Moved to reconsider
the vet* by which the bill Vaspafeset}'; feadilso
moved that the taotioa to reconsider be bud on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
jeremiah T. iiallett.
Mr. TRIMBLE, of Kentucky, from the Com-
mittee o« Invalid Pensions, reported a 'bill
(H- R- No. 526) granting a pension to Jere-
miah T. HalleU; which was read a first and
second time.
The bill, which was read, directs the placing
of the name of the petitioner on the pension-
rolls, late a member of company I, first United
States iofontry, subject to the provisions and
UaiitattoBa of the pension laws, the pension to
commence March 10, 1864.
Tl « bill was ordered to be engrossed and
wad a tbird time; and betng engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third tins*, and passed.
• Mr. VAN AERN-AN moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed; and
also moved that the Motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter iiibuob m agreed to.
< «tmA!f A. MTTCIIULL.
, Mr. *BRHAM, frOta O* CottfcKur on
IavalidJPeasioos, reported a (Mil (H. tL No.
MG) taereashig the pension of Susan A. Mitch-
ell ; which was read a first and second time.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior
to place upon the pension-rolls, snbject to the
provisions and limitations of the pension laws,
the name of Sosan A. Mitchell, mother of
Lientenaht Leander F.-Alley, late of company
I, twentieth regiment Massachusetts volunteers,
and pay her a pension as mother of a second
lieutenant in lieu of the pension she is now
receiving.
From the report of the committee, wbicli
was read, it appears that Mrs. Mitchell is now
in the receipt of a pension of eight dollars a
month as the dependent mother of Lieutenant
Leander F. Alley, lata of company I, twentieth
Massachusetts volunteers, woo was killed in
battle on the loth of December, 1862. The
only reason why she does not receive a pension
as the mother of a lieutenant is this: her son,
at the time he was killed, had been commis-
sioned as second lieutenant, and was nctanlly
in command of his company, but the War
Department decided that therq was no vacancy
in his company of second lieutenant, though
there were vacancies in the higher grades of
company officers. It appears, however, by the
records of Massachusetts, that these higher
grades had been filled by promotions, which
left a vacancy of second lieutenant on the day
the commission was issued to Lieutenant Alley.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; andjjeing engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. PERHAM moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
i pension bills.
Mr. PERHAM. It will be remembered that
on Friday last the Committee on Invalid Pen-
sions had but a few moments to report, and
the morning hour to-day has been broken
into by other matters. The committed have a
few more reports which they desire to make,
i and I hope that the House will unanimously
grant as a portion of the next morniag hour to
complete our reports. i
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I very j
reluctantly interpose objection to allowing far- !
; tber time to the Committee ©■ Invalid Pen-
sions ; bat there have been several requests
from committees tohave tfeeir time extended,
and it is unjust to the committees that are
| behind. The Committee e* Commerce and
' other Committees are waiting very aaxiooaly
to report.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understood the
gentleman from- Maine [Mr. Perram] to mean
<Mi Friday, private bill Any.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I do not
object to that. He didnot pat it m that shape.
He said the nejt morning hour.
The SPEAKER. How much tiwedoefthe
gentleman from Maine ask for ?
' Mr. PERHAM. I think an hotir will be
sufficient.
Mr. WASHBURNE, ofllfinofs. I have no
objection to that.
fhe SPEAKER. The getrtleman from
Maine, [Mr. Pebham,] the chairman of the
Committee on Invalid Pensions, asks unani-
mous consent that that committee be allowed
farther time to make reports on the next
private bin day. Is there objection ?
No Objection was made.
CAPTURE OF JEFFERSON DAVIS.
The SPEAKER, the morning hour having
expired, laid before the House a communica-
tion from the Secretary of War, transmitting
all the information or file in that-Department
relative to the capture of Jefferson Davis;
which was referred to the Committeeof Claims,
and ordered to be printed.
LOANS By NATIONAL HANKS. ,
Tb© SPEAKER also laid before House
k]f&er from the Secretary of the Treasury,
fronSlotting, in compliance with a resolution
of the Hmtse of the idth instant, a eonxtmni-
cation from the Comptroller of the Currency
relative to loans by national banks ; which was
referred to the Committee on Banking and
Currency, and ordered to bo printed.
rkvenue-cutter service.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
* communication from the Secretary of the
Treasury, in answer to a resolution of the House
of November 30, .1807, iu relation to the rev-
enue-«jutt*r service; which was referred to the
Committee on Commerce, and ordered to be
printed.
session for debate.
Jfr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I have
been requested by several gentlemen who de-
sire to make speeches to ask that there shall be
a session of the House to-morrow for speeches
only in Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union.
There being no objection, it was so ordered.
ttar claims.
The SPEAKER. The House, by unanimous
consent, orderedthAt to-day. after the morning
hour, the bill (H. R. No. 234) to prevent the
payment of certain>«iaims should be taken up,
and that bill is now before th^ House.
The bill was read at length. It provides
that hereafter no money shall be paid out of
the Treasury on any claim in the following
elan of eases, arising during the war of the
rebellion, until the further action of Congress :
! first, on account of the seizure or impress-
! ment of, or for damages or demurrage or de-
tention of, any appliances of transportation—
whether land or water—such as steamers, boats,
barges, trains of wagons, or cars, &c., in in-
surrectionary States; second, for transporta-
tion service, tolls, ferriage, and so forth, beyond
the tariff of rates fixed by the Quartermaster
General during the war; and third, for the use
-ami occupation of land in the insurrectionary
States used for fortifications and other mili-
tary defensive purposes during the war for the
suppression of the rebellion.
The question was -upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I desire
to move a verbal amendment,, to strike out the
words "damages or," so that it will read ''for
demurrage or detention of any appliances of
transportation," &c.
The amendment wag,agreed to.
Mr. J30LMAN. I desire to call attention
to the following class of cages which tiiis bill
forbids the payment of:
Mret, On aceoanfc ef the seitmre or impreasmeftt of,
or for daauuecs or dcmuirage or detention of, any
appliances of transportation, whether land or water,
such ns steamers, bonts, barges, trains of wagons, or
cars, &c., in insurrectionary States.
I desfre to inquire of my friend frOm Illinois
[Mr. W&mmmM] wbat wo'trid befh elfeetef
this provision upon such a case as this i in the
year 1868atey*l rmrti takeaW Steamboat from
the waters of the Upper OMoor the Upper Misl-
Stssrppidown South, and it is found necessary
to take It for the public use, and wbile in the
employ of the Government it m destroyed by
the rebel forces. My'attention has been called
to some case* bow pending before the Third
Auditor where eltizens of the States of Ohio,
Indiana, and Illinois went Sooth after the fall
of Vicksburg, aftd their vessels were pressed
into the Government service and destroyed by
til©
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. This bill
hfis nothing to do with that alass of cases.
This bill is for the purpose of preventing the
Claims which are being put hi and paid from
the Treasury under the general sweeping ap-
propriations which we have made in military
bills. But I am advised that it is very import-
ant for the public interest to have this limita-
tion placed upon this-particular class of cases.
Mr. HOLMAN. I submit that the language
of this bill which I have quoted is broad enough
to embrace just the case I put. I refer to the
ease Of « Btetttoerv ftr instance, which was
