742
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 24,
country. By this bill we propose to take the
tax off all foreign cotton and let it in without
duty of any kind, thus compelling our growers
to compete in American markets with the worst
paid labor of the uncivilized world.
I am for protection ; I am, in the parlance of
political economy,what is called a protectionist;
but I am for the protection of labor, of indus-
try. Capital is very able under any and all
circumstances to protect itself. I trust the
House will not concur in this report, but send
it back and have another committee of confer-
ence. They may possibly succeed in agreeing
upon something better. They are not likely,
in my judgment, to do anything worse. I will
not prolong the discussion now, for the reason
that our time is limited. I would like to dis-
cuss this subject at some time more at length.
Mr. SCHENCK. I yield tjO the gentleman
from Iowa, [Mr. Allison.]
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Mr.
Speaker, I wish to inquire if there is any order
of business for this atternoon?
The SPEAKER. About three o'clock the
Kentucky delegation intend to announce the
death of Mr. Hise.
Mr. ALLISON. I will only occupy the
attention of the House for a moment. I object,
in the first place, to considering an internal
tax bill and a tariff bill under the same head
and at the same time. This is the first time
we have ever been called upon to adjust a
tariff question by a change of duty when we
have had under consideration an iuternal tax
bill. And why is it forced upon us? It is
because some of those who are interested in
this question of cotton are not willing to wait
until this House considers a tariff bill, and
then adjust the tariff upon raw cotton in accord-
ance with our legislation with reference to the
internal tax.
Now, 1 know full well that a duty of three
cents per pound on imported raw cotton is too
much if we repeal the internal tax on cotton
produced in this country. But why are we
forced here in the consideration of this internal
t.,x bill to consider also the tariff question? I
w.mt to ask the gentlemen who are interested
in the reduction of taxes upon the manufac-
tures of this country and who seek the entire
repeal of the taxes on American industry
whether they are willing that I shall propose a
proviso, when that question comes into the
House for consideration, that there shall be a
reduction of ten per cent, of the tariff duty upon
similar manufactured articles imported into
this country? Yet, if we follow the precedent j
sought to be made by this conference report,
we would consider these two questions together
in the same bill, and by a sweeping provision
in a tax bill readjust the whole tariff question, j
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. X would |
like to know under what rule the conference ;
committee acts in putting the two questions to-1
gether.
Mr. ALLISON. I suppose under the rule !
of necessity, and no other.
Mr. SCHENCK. The conference committee
acted with reference to what was before them;
and one part of the Senate amendment before
tliem, and to which they had to direct their at-
tention, was this very proposition.
Mr. ALLISON. I have only one word more
to say on this question. 1 object also to the
time when this tariff duty on cotton is to be
removed. We propose to repeal the tax on
cotton produced in this country after the year
1867, and the conference report repeals the
import duty, July 1, 1868. Now we all know
the growing crop of 1868 will not reach the
market before the middle of September or first
of October, while foreign cotton can come in
free J uly 2, or more than two months before,
uud compete with the crop of the year 1867,
which pays two and a half cents per pound.
I think, under the provisions of this bill as
agreed upon in conference, the effect will be to
bring foreign cotton in competition with Amer-
ican cotton long before tne crop of 1868 or
any portion of it is able to reach the markets,
thus giving the manufacturer of cotton the
advantage of the untaxed cotton of other
couutries, to the detriment and injury of the
producer or holder of American cotton pro-
duced during the year 1867, and paying a tax
of two and a half cents per pound, or twenty
per cent, of its whole value. I think this bill
will work.a great injustice to the producers of
cotton, or at least to the holders of American
cotton, prior to December, 1868.
We are told by two of the gentlemen upon
this conference committee that it is either this
or nothing. If I was convinced of this I should
Erobably vote for the report of the committee,
ut I would do so reluctantly, for the reason
that I think it will not have the effect desired
by many gentlemen—to encourage the growth
and production of cotton in this country, during
the next year. I should accept this report only
as an alternative of this bill thus amended, or
the defeat of the whole measure.
Mr. BLAINE. I think the gentleman from
Iowa hast giveu most admirable reasons for
voting the opposite way to that in which he
intends to vote. I hope the House will vote
down the report of the committee of confer-
ence, and let us see if we cannot get a better
report from another committee.
Mr. SCHENCK. The hour approaches at
which this debate will have to be brought to a
close. Gentlemen have appealed to me for
explanations. 1 will only say, as I have
already stated, that as one member of the com-
mittee of conference, and I may speak also for
the other manager on the part of the House
who concurred with me in the report, we have
not reported in favor of this amendment of the
Senate because it approves itself to our judg-
ment, but we only made a concession after the
first committee of conference had entirely failed,
and after, in this second committee of confer-
ence, the Senate had entirely given up their
own bill, which merely suspended the cotton
tax for a year instead of repealing it; it was
only then, when we arrived at that point, that
we made the concession which we did, because
of the ussurauce we had that in that conference
at least no possible terms could be obtained
better than those offered, and because of the
further assurance that as the Senate had in-
structed their managers in the conference in pre-
cise terms, stating what alone the Senate would
agree to, so no future committee of conference
on the part of the Senate would be able to agree
to better terms. It is for that reason only that
we make this report.
Mr. COVODL. Will the gentleman allow
me a moment?
Mr. SCHENCK. The gentleman is aware
that the hour is approaching beyond which we
cannot possibly go in this discussion.
Mr. COVODE. I only want a moment. I
cannot as an individual vote to concur in the
report of the committee of conference. I be-
lieve that the time has not come for the Honse
to take action on this subject of cotton, but
that it should take its course along with all the
other productions of the country when we come
to revise the tariff and the internal revenue
laws.
There is another reason why 1 cannot vote to
concur in this report. Provision is made for
the introduction into this country of foreign
cotton free of tax, the effect of which would
be to enable the manufacturer who wishes to
use the inferior cotton imported into this coun-
try to make goods of a quality no better than
those made of wool and shoddy, to put infe-
rior cotton along with the long-staple cotton
produced in this country, and thus impose
upon the purchasers of goods an article which
has no value compared with that which is made
of American cotton. Is it in order to move to
lay the report of the committee of conference
on the table?
The SPEAKER. That would carry the bill
itself on the table.
Mr. COVODE. Well, I make that motion.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Schenck] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. SCHENCK. Before I give the gentle-
man an opportunity to make that motion I
desire to call the previous question on the
motion to concur in the report of the commit-
tee of conference. The gentleman will under-
stand that if the report of the committee of
conference shall be voted down there will still
be an opportunity for further conference; but
if you lay the bill on the table there will be an
end of the whole matter.
Mr. COVODE. It can come up with the
general bill.
Mr. BARNES. Will the gentleman from
Ohio allow me one minute?
Mr. SCHENCK. I have but four minutes
left. I am sorry I cannot yield to the gentle-
man, but he will perceive that it is absolutely
necessary that I insist on the demand for the
previous question, which I now do.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The question was upon agreeing to the report
of the committee of conference.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Upon that question I ask
for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The SPEAKER. As it is now near the time
fixed by the Kentucky delegation for announc-
ing the death of the late member-elect from
the third congressional district of Kentucky,
the Chair will state before the yeas and nays
are taken that that delegation have notified him
they will wait until this conference report is
disposed of, if it does not take a great deal of
time.
The question was then taken; and it was
decided in the negative—yeas 67, nays 81, not
voting 40; as follows :
YEAS —Messrs. Ames, Archer, Baker, Baldwin,
Barnum, Beaman, Beck, Bingham, Boutwell, Boyer,
Brooks, Bucklond, Chanler, Churchill, Header \V.
Clarke. Cook, Callom, Eckley, Eggleston, Ela, El-
dridge, Fields, Garfield, Getz, Glossbrenner, Uollu-
day, Grovcr, Ilaight, Hawkins, Hooper, Hotehkiss,
Chester D. Hubbard, Hulburd, Humphrey, John-
Bon, Jones, Kerr,Kitchen, Knott, Mallory, Marshall,
Marvin, Mungen, Niblack, Nicholson-Perham, Pile,
Pomeroy, Pruyn, Randall, Robinson, Ross, Schenck,
Sitgreavcs, Aaron F. Stevens, Stewart, Taber,
Thomas, Lawrence S. Trimblo, Twichcll, Upson,
Burt Van Horn, Elihu B. Wasbburne, Henry D.
Washburn, William B. Washburn, William Wil-
liams, and Woodward—67.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Anderson, Arnell, Deloa
R. Ashley, James M. Ashley, Bailey, Barnes, Ben-
jamin, Benton, Blaine, Blair, Bromwell, Butler,
Cake, Cary, Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Coburn, Covode,
Dodge, Donnelly, Ferriss, Ferry, Gravely, HaWey,
Harding, Higby, Hill, Holman, Hopkins, Asabel W.
Hubbard. Richard D. Hubbard, Hunter, Ingersoll,
Judd, Julian, Kelsey, Ketchain. Koontz, Laflin. Wil-
liam Lawrence. Loughridge, Maynard, McClurg,
Mercur, Miller, Moore, Moorhend. Morrcll, Mullins,
Myers, Newcomb, Nunn, O'Neill, Orth, Paine,
Peters, Polsley, Price, Robertson. Sawyer, Scofield,
Shanks, Smith, Starkweather, Thaddeus Stevens,
Taffe, Taylor, John Trimble, Trowbridge, Van
Aernam, Robert T. Van Horn, Van Wyek, Ward,
Cadwalader C. Washburn, Wclkcr, Thomas Wil-
liams, James F. Wilson. Stephen F. Wilson, Win-
dom, and Woodbridsc—81.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Axtell, Banks,
Broomall, Burr, Cornell, Dawes, Dixon, Driggs,
Eliot, Fnrnsworth, Finney, Fox, Griswold, Jenckes,
Kelley, George V. Lawrence, Lincoln, Loan, Looran,
Lynch, McCarthy, McCormiek, McCullough. Mor-
gan, Morrissey, Phelps, Pike, Plants. Poland, Raum,
Selye, Shellabargcr, Spalding. Stokes, Stone, Van
Auken, Van Trump, John T.Wilson, and Wood—io.
So the report of the committee of conference
was not agreed to.
Mr. ALLISON. I now move that the House
still further insist upon its disagreement to the
amendment of the Senate, and ask for the
appointment of another committee of confer-
ence.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move to amend that
motion by instructing the next committee of
conference, if one shall be appointed, to ad-
here to the bill as it passed the House, without
the amendment of the Senate. I make that
motion, not because I think it right and fair to
put committees of conference in strait-jack-
ets ; and 1 am not sure it is exactly according
to the rules of courtesy, to say the least of it,
if it be according to the rules of the two
Houses. Bat L desire the House to bear in
mind that when we met the Senate conferees
we found they had their instructions and were
