1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
unwilling to do anything except according to
the instructions which had been given them by
the Senate.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state to
the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Sciie.vck]—■
and he is familiar with the practice—that it is
not generally regarded as parliamentary to in-
struct committees of conference, because they
are known in the books as "free committees
ot conference." But as the gentleman has said
and the Chair had observed it in the proceed-
ings of the Senate as published in the Globe,
the committee of conference on the part of the
Senate were specially instructed by that body.
The gentleman from Ohio, therefore, is only
following the precedent established in this case
by the Senate.
Mr. SCHENCK. I merely propose to pur-
sue the course the Senate pursued. The Senate
went into the conference instructing their con-
tcrcGs.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope
that will not be done.
Mr. BLAINE. We should not follow a bad
example.
Mr. SCHENCK. I will not insist upon the
instructions in form ; but I hope the conferees
on the part of the House will take notice of the
fact I have stated.
Mr. BROOKS. Will not that practically
defeat the bill ?
Mr. SCHENCK. I think that very fre-
quently, where the House has a determined
mind and so expresses itself, the Senate is is
ready to recede as any other body I know of.
But I withdraw my motion for instructions.
Mr. ALLISON. I call the previous ques-
tion on my motion.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question was ordered ; and under the oper-
ation thereof, the motion of Mr. Allison was
agreed to.
The SPEAKER appointed as the conferees
on the part of the House Mr. Allison, Mr.
Blaine, and Mr. Trimble of Kentucky.
743
message fhom the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
its Secretary, informed the House that the Sen-
ate had passed without amendment the joint
resolution (H. R. No. 171) for the relief of
destitute persons in the South.
The message further announced that the
Senate had passed an act (S. No. 283) to fur-
ther amend an act entitled "An act to provide
a national currency secured by a pledge of
United States bonds, and to provide for the
circulation and redemption thereof," approved
June 3, 1864; in which the concurrence of the
House was requested.
executive communication.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the
Secretary of the Interior, submitting a clause
to be inserted in the appropriation bill for the
current year; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Appropriations, and ordered to be
printed.
dgatii op i10n. elijah iiise.
The SPEAKER. The delegation from the
State of Kentucky stated to the House a few
days ago, through the Chair, their intention to
announce at three o'clock to-day the death of
Hon. Elijah Hise, a member-elect to this
House. That hour has now arrived.
Mr. GOLLADAY. Mr. Speaker, it is with
no ordinary degree of feeling that I arise to ad-
dress this House to-day. The circumstances
that surround me in the discharge of a mourn-
ful duty are of a most distressing nature, and
however grateful to my heart in its expressions
of sorrow is such duty I would that to some
abler person than myself were committed that
solemn task. Once before in my life it was my
misfortune to pay a tribute to the memory of a
departed colleague on the floor of Kentucky's
State Legislature, and my sincere prayer then
was that it might never be my lot to do so again.
But in the to us inscrutable ways of Provi-
dence I find myself again constrained by a sense
of duty, and in justice to the memory of the
dead, to say a few words in relation to the
death and in memory of my illustrious prede-
cessor, Hon. Elijah IIise, who departed this
life in Russellville, Kentucky, on the 8th of
May, 1807. Although this House is not unap-
prised of his death, yet I am sure that the formal
announcement of the fact on this floor will send
a thrill of pain to many a heart in this pres-
ence. But a few short months since that old
man eloquent stood upon this floor, soon after
taking his seat, and announced the untimely
death of his predecessor, Hon. Henry Grider,
and spoke the fitting tribute to his worth and
services, little dreaming, perhaps, that the shaft
of death was then leveled at his own breast,
and that he was doomed so soon to mingle his
dust with that of the departed. But who shall
stay or interpret the dread decrees of that
Providence who rules over the destinies alike
of men and nations? Who, standing with us
to-day upon this floor, can say that when next
we meet all of us will be here?
Mr. Speaker, however sad the memory, I can
but run my mind's eye over the history of the
past few years to trace the melancholy page
which records the fatality which has followed
the distinguished members-elect from the third
congressional district of Kentucky—Ewing,
Clarke, Bristow, Grider, Hise! Where are
they? In the deep, deep graves. What a lesson
this to all of us! What a dreadful commentary
upon the uncertainty of life! But, Mr. Speaker,
before I proceed further on this painful theme
justice alike to myself, to my constituents, my
country, and the dead require that I, to some
extent, rescue the memory of Elijah Hise in
this presence from the unmerited sting which
insatiate ambition heaped upon it a few days
ago. I might content me with the fact that I
repelled the charges at the time by putting the
dead against the living. It was a venerated
maxim among the Romans "to speak nothing
of the dead unless it were good." My friend,
and indeed I have ever regarded him such,
forgot, I am sure, this to him once familiar and
admired sentiment.
I envy not the head nor heart of that man
who can have happiness in thus indulging the
baser feelings of humanity at the expense of
what good men have been pleased to regard as
honorable. I disclaim, however, any intention
of an attack on him, but leave him to his con-
science, and pity him for the sting which in
his better moments he will feel as he contem-
plates himself making charges revolting to his
friendship for the living and unjust to the
memory of the dead. Mr. Speaker, allow me
to say, and I here proclaim it to this House as
an incontrovertible fact, that the late Hon.
Elijah Hise never during the war from 1861
to 1805 made a single political speech. Such
was his reticence that although asked frequently
within my knowledge to give his views publicly
upon the duties of the hour lie invariably re-
fused. The Union men claimed him and the
southern men reflected on him for this course,
in some instances charging him with trying to
shirk the questions of the day to protect his
interest in the North.
It is within my knowledge that some extreme
men refused to vote for him because, as they
said, henevergaveadollarto nor expressed the
least sympathy for those with whom they agreed
in sentiment. Elijah Hise made no speeches
other than at the bar in the practice of his
profession, until the Democratic party reor-
ganized (after peace was declared) in the
spring of 1866, when he announced himself
for Duval upon the platform of the Democratic
party of that year.
After the war was entirely over, say in 1866
and 1867, he made all of his disloyal speeches
as charged, and most of them on this floor, in
all of which he announced himself as having
been opposed to secession "as wrong in theory
and inexpedient in practice."
He did not hesitate to condemn in open,
manly debate many of the acts of the Govern-
ment during the war, and that, too, in this
presence, in language not perhaps as select as
would suit the taste of some ; and I here ven-
ture to assert that he used more bitter terms
upon this floor than anywhere else.
Yet he is charged with uttering treasonable
sentiments here in 1867, two years after the
war was ended. I most respectfully submit if
there were not gentlemen enough on this floor
who had loyal nerves sufficient, to say nothing
of patriotism, to arrest him in the proclama-
tion of such sentiments.
Mr. Speaker, the records of this House are
before us, and I challenge the investigation
of all of Judge Hise's speeches, made here
or elsewhere, for anything to sustain this un-
foanded charge. lie was ever a Democrat of
the strict construction school, and to those
views he adhered through life with a tenacity
and severity that ofttimes savored of dogma-
tism, yet never failed to challenge admiration.
Mr. Speaker, the melancholy circumstances of
his death makes his loss and character, in con-
nection with the recent unfortunate war, a sub-
ject of serious reflection. That xlisease had
fastened upon his vitals to that extent which
paralyzed his energies and partially unhinged
his great mind is conceded on all hands. The
motives which induced the act of self-destruc-
tion have passed into the grave with the lite-
current which ebbed and flowed with the act.
The mental anguish of this great man in the
agony of trouble, superinduced by a profound
conviction of the fact ihat he was powerless to
relieve his country from the difficulties which
surrounded it, and, in his judgment at least,
threatened the destruction of constitutional lib-
erty, must be imagined and can be inferred
from the note which he left, stating in terms
of heartfelt despair that he had entered public
life too late to serve his country in her hour
of trouble, and therefore sought relief in the
tomb. Mr. Speaker, this was not the language of
disappointment, but the ebulition of a patriotic
sentiment just after his reelection to Congress
by the largest majority ever cast in his district
for another, and with the confidence of his con-
stituents to that extent that, with many able and
highly popular aspirants in the district, no one
dared to put his claims in opposition to him.
Mr. Speaker, the life and character of Elijah
Hise, if properly presented, would be a subject
to challenge the emulation of the youth of the
land. Born of humble parents, without edu-
cation and without money, in early life he made
his way up the hill of life by his own unaided
exertions. He was born in Alleghany county,
Pennsylvania, on the 4th of July, 1801, a his-
toric and suggestive era for the birth of such a
man. He devoted himself for the most part
to the study of his profession in earlier life.
He entered public life as a representative of the
county of Logan in 1829, filling his term with
marked ability and with great satisfaction to
his constituency. In 1847 he was appointed
minister to Central America, which position he
filled with credit to himself and honor to his
Government. He was elected by the people
in 1851 one of the judges of the appellate court,
and his decisions while chief justice of that
body are pointed to with pride by the profes-
sion throughout the State.
In earlier life he made sundry races for Con-
gress as the standard bearer of the Democratic
party and was defeated after some of the most
brilliant canvasses known in that part of the
State by Hon. J. R. Underwood, a man not
unknown to fame, as this House know. That
he was beaten in those races was not owing
to any want of popularity or ability on his part,
nor of the overmatch of his distinguished
competitor, but because of the overwhelming
Whig majority in the district against him.
He was ever the idol of his party ; at the bar,
for which he was particularly qualified, and in
the entire circuit of his practice, he had few
peers and no superiors. He was always em-
ployed on one side of an important case at
fabulous fees. Few false witnesses or meaner
litigants coukl stand before the fiery glance of
his eye or the fierce invectives which scathed
the dishonest and made even the innocent
