T48
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
January 25,
ruins of th« Constitution in ten States; while
the firmness of one man, under God, prevented
the establishment of a military government in
every State of this Union. I allude to the act
of Congress of the (5th of February, 1800, to
amend the Freedmen's Bureau, extending mil-
itary jurisdiction to all parts of the United
States containing freedmen or refugees. I need
not say that this embraced, or could in a day
be made to embrace, every State iu this Union,
loyal or disloyal. This bill intended to subvert
the constitutions of the States, strike down the
right of trial by jury, and trample down the
God-given liberties of the people under the heel
of military power—this bill, which, in violation
of the plainest precepts of the Constitution,
placed the military above the civil power—this
bill, intended to give the President the power
of an autocrat, and which was passed by every
Republican vote in both Houses, only failed to
become a law by the patriotism and firmness,
under God, of that President. Such is the
recorded act of the intentions of a Republican
Congress, and there it will stand on record for-
ever as a warning to future generations of the
madness and danger of partisan legislation in-
spired by partisan hate.
Mr. Chairman, the great leader of the Re-
Eublican party in this House [Mr. Stevens]
as introduced a bill, intended as a. model
school for all the schools in the nation, requir-
ing that the equality of man enunciated in the
Declaration of Independence shall be inscribed
"iu large capitals," on ''unfading material,"
over the main entrance of every school-room,
and cause it to be recited at least once a day
by the students; and that over every school
- cemetery shoula be inscribed the " immortal
words:"
" Pallida mora eono pnlsat pede pwperom taber-
nas regum turres.
Sir, I would advise that this bill of the 6th
of February, 1866, providing for the extension
of military jurisdiction in all the States, should
be engraved on tablets of bronze or marble
and placed in every legislative hall, that future
legislators may read it as a Republican com-
mentary of a Republican Congress on the
powers of the Constitution, and over the grave
of radicalism, now being dug so deep that there
will be no resurrection, I would, inscribe " on
unfading material:"
" Qaem Deus Tult pecdere prius dementat."
I have said that this attempt to establish a
military jurisdiction in all the States was only
prevented, under God, from becoming a law by
the patriotism of Andrew Johnson. From the
hour that Andrew Johnson returned that bill
to the Senate with his veto he has been hunted
by the bloodhounds of party hate with a fe-
rocity unparalleled in the modern history of
partisan warfare. That veto is the key to im-
peachment; that veto was in reality the " high
crimes'' of which he was guilty in the eyes of
the Radicals; that veto explains why the legis-
lative would curtail the executive power of the
Government; that veto explains the astound-
ing fact that a member of the House of Repre-
sentatives was permitted unrebuked to pro-
claim before the nation and the world the
atrocious charge that Andrew Johnson, Pres-
ident of the United States, was accessory in the
murder of Abraham Lincoln.
Andrew Johnson, does not hold his high'
position by my vote or-by the vote of the Dem-
ocratic party, yet I cannot but admire the man
for honestly adhering to the principles for
which the war was waged. I admire the man
as he stands erect and undismayed, for the
compacts of the Constitution and for the resto-
ration of the Union, against party hate enun-
ciated by a partisan press ana a partisan Con-
gress, firm and unyielding as a roek in the,
ocean lashed by the fury of the tempest.
It will not be denied that a party has existed
since the days of Alexander Hamilton infavor
of a construction of constitutional power in
favor of the Federal Government and against
the reserved powers of the State. It will not
be denied that the Democratic party have ever
been the champions of the reserved rights of
the States, while at the same time they main-
tain in letter and spirit every power delegated
to the Federal Government. By these princi-
ples of the Democratic party the Government
has been administered and its policy shaped.
U nder God that grand old party has placed
this Republic in the van of nations. That
policy was a strict adherence to the letter and
spirit of the Constitution.
Sir, I believe, with the Democratic party,
that the Constitution is a masterpiece of wis-
dom, capable of embracing a continent or a
world; that it is a constitution of checks and
balances—checks against despotic powers, a
triple government of legislative, executive,
and judicial branches ; that you cannot im-
pair the power of one without disturbing the
harmony of all; that centralization of the
powers of the Governmeat in one branch is a
despotism.
Sir, the Constitution of our fathers was
founded on-the Christian law of love; it was a
work of compromise, glorious in its inception,
intended to be as lasting as time; a sacred
covenant which no man under its protection
can break without meeting the retributive
justice of heaven. The men of the South
attempted to break this heaven-born compact,
and their land is desolate, their people beg-
gared, and mothers weeping in almost every
household, and will not be comforted because
their sons are not. The very instincts of the
people of the North are to maintain sacred the
compacts of that Constitution in all their
entirety in letter and spirit; for this they poured
out their blood and treasure as no other people
have done. They were earnest in the war for
the Constitution to the death; they are earnest
now. I am not a prophet nor the son of a
prophet, but I predict to the dominant party in
this House that if you carry out infractions of
the Constitution, by bills of reconstruction
and confiscation and legislative centralization,
before ten years have run their course you will
as a party be ground to powder between the
upper and nether millstones of the States and
the people.
1 said the Constitution is a compact; it is a
covenant with the States, a covenant with the
people, and a covenant with the individual man.
Constitutions are made for minorities, not for
majorities. Under thesegia of that covenant the
wood-sawyer in your streets, the pioneer wood-
cutter of the West in his log cabin, has rights as
sacred as the shoddy millionaire in his brown-
stone palace; these rights all the power of a
Congress or a State Legislature cannot destroy
under any pretense whatever. In these rights
he should be protected against the world. Sir,
if there were but a single loyal man in the
South who had rights under that covenant before
the rebellion, when you strike down those
rights and place him under a government of
the bayonet, and say that his life, liberty, and
property may be disposed of without due pro-
cess of law, you violate the most sacred rights
of a citizen of the Republic; and when you
violate the rights of one you violate the rights
of all; you stab liberty at the very horns of her
altar.
When you strike down that great bulwark
of the right of the citizen against executive or
legislative despotism—the great writ of habeas
corpus—extorted from a tyrant king at Runny-
mede, and incorporated in our Constitution,
you violate his constitutional rights, and you
again stab liberty at the very horns of her altar.
W hen you ignore, constitutional law to legis-
late for partisan power or partisan hate you
display to the world an inconsistency, an igno-
rance, and a folly that must retard the advance
of republican principles and strengthen the
thrones of kings. We gee it in every bill of
reconstruction. While you curse England with
a grievous curse for recognizing the rebel con-
federacy as a "belligerent power," you bless
the great" Co mmoner" of this and the last Con-
gress with a heartfelt blessing for his new ver-
sion of international law that the rebels were a
" belligerent power," which alone coald make
them " eonquered provinces." Under the
great law-giver of Israel half the tribes stood
on Mount Gerizim to bless the good, and half
on Mount Ebal to curse the evil; it was
reserved for the modern Radical Levite to de-
nounce the alternate curse and blessing of
Heaven on the same principle and the same act.
Congress, under the inspiration of Radical
leaders, forgot the fact, settled for ages, that if
a people engaged in war are belligerents they
cannot be traitors, and if traitors they cannot
be belligerents, and legislate against these
people as belligerents and at the same time
refuse them representation as traitors.
Radical statesmen seem utterly oblivious
and sublimely ignorant of the fact that they
expose themselves to the derision of every
well-read lawyer on earth when they urge the
legislative branch to declare the rebels as bel-
ligerents, and at the same time urge the judi-
cial branch to try the rebel chief as a traitor.
Mr. Chairman, I do not believe that the
sacred ark of our liberties can be overthrown
by armed traitors or a hostile world. I do not
believe it can be overthrown by the Executive,
because he has no aggressive powers; I do
not believe it can be overthrown by the judi-
ciary, for they have no aggressive power; but
I do believe that it can be overthrown by a foe
more potent than armed traitors or a hostile
world—that foe is constructive power. All
writers on mixed forms of government agree
that the legislative branch is aggressive; and
it was against this aggressive usurping power
of the Legislature that the barriers of the
judiciary were erected. Sir, it is no wonder,
then, that the nation was startled at the assump-
tion of power by this Congress, first by a
bill requiring a two-third vote of all the jus-
tices of the Supreme Court, and finally by a
bill forbidding the Supreme Court by even a
unanimous vote to declare an act of Congress
unconstitutional. Sir, precedent begets pre-
cedent, and this precedent would enable any
Congress to overturn the Republic.
Mr. PILE. Will the gentleman allow me
to ask him one question?
Mr. SITGREAVES. Yes, sir.
Mr. PILE. The gentleman has spoken, as
I understand, of the protection of the rights
of loyal men in the South. I wish to ask
the gentleman whether those loyal men, white
and black, in the South do not ask Congress
for their protection to overthrow and repu-
diate those State governments set up by Mr.
Johnson, and reconstruct those States upon
the policy of Congress?
Mr. SITGREAVES. The gentleman has
misunderstood me. I was speaking of loyal
men who were entitled to the rights guaran-
tied by the Constitution prior to the rebellion.
Suppose your reconstruction schemes are car-.
ried out by giving the domination of the south-
ern States to the black man, and some future
partisan Congress should find it necessary to
disfranchise a State in order to maintain their
power-—they declare that New York, Ohio, or
Pennsylvania have no republican form of gov-
ernment because they have not given suffrage
to the negro—they may enact (as they would
have a right to do tinder this precedent) that
the Supreme Court shall not decide the uncon-
stitutionality of an act of Congress without the •
concurrence of every member of the bench,
and one justice would thus control the action
of the court. That one justice could be
found. Human nature is the same in every
age. The despot James II found a Jeffreys
to execute his hate and bathe the ermine of a
chief justice in the blood of judicial murder;
and party malice can find Jeffreys now to exe-
cute party hate. 0* Congress m&y declare (as
this Congress have declared) that they have the
exclusive power to decide the form of a State
government, and in either case the result would
be that the people of New York, Ohio, Or
Pennsylvania would be disfranchised and placed
by some reconstruction act under a government
of the bayonet, and could not appeal from this
damning outrage. Sir, this very argument
will be used by the radical when the southern
States are reconstructed on a negro basis.
