THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
749
Sir, before this constructive power claimed
by Congress to overthrow the judiciary—that
august bulwark against despotism ; that pride
and glory of American people—all other powers
claimed by this and the last Congress shrink
into insignificance. Sir, 1 ask any member of
this House, Conservative, Radical, or Demo-
crat, if the framers of the Constitution ever
intended to confer such a power ou Congress?
1 ask. if it had been incorporated in the Con-
stitution, if the people of the States or the
people of a single State would ever have rati-
tied itYet this is the Constitution you would
give to your children—a power in Congress to
disfranchise a State, and place the lives, lib-
erties, and property of its citizens under mili-
itary rule upon the same pretense now urged for
the passage of reconstruction bills, and without
appeal to any human tribunal. Sir, the time
i.- rapidly approaching when these '• glittering
generalities" about "republican form of gov-
ernment" and " liberty, equality, and loyalty,"
which now conceal the schemes of reconstruc-
tion, will be torn from radicalism like the glit-
tering vail from the face of the false prophet of
Khorassan, and the people will see the face of
a hideous serpent.
Yes, sir. there are modes of overturning the
Constitution by violating its spirit while adher-
ing to its letter. It was done in New Jersey.
The late constitutional amendments were never
submitted tothe people. The Legislature was
convened in extra session but two months be-
fore the annual election, to prevent that sub-
mission and to pass these amendments, and
they did pass them. This act of the New Jer-
sey Legislature was in strict accordance with
the letter, but who will say that it was not a
gross violation of the spirit of the Constitu-
tion ? thus showing that the organic law may
be altered not only without the knowledge
but against the will of the people. Yet this
action of the New Jersey Legislature was ap-
plauded by men who disfranchised ten States
because they had " no republican form of gov-
ern inent."
Such are a few of the many fruits of recon-
struction. Sir, we want no reconstruction;
we want restoration. This Congress can re-
store the LTnion in an hour, and thus confirm
the principles of and obey the behests of that
great Magna Charta of the American States and
the American citizen—the Federal Constitu-
tion.
Continue your insane policy of reconstruc-
tion, based on the corner-stone of partisan
hate and partisan ambition, those accursed
principles which impel Satan in every conflict
with God and man, and so correctly person-
ified in Milton's Portress of hell; carry out
your policy of striking down the independence
of the judiciary and the constitutional powers
of the Executive, and so sure as effect follows
cause so sure will this Republic be drowned
in a sea of blood, so sure will the fairest tem-
ple of human liberty that the sun of heaven
ever shone upon go down with a fali that will
shake the nations, and you and your children
and the hopes of human freedom will perish
alike in the mighty ruins.
But disband your southern army; restore
the Union of the States; let your legislation
now and henceforth be inspired by the law of
Christian love, by that heaven-born charity
which alone recognizes the true brotherhood
of man; forgive your brother his trespasses
as you hope to be forgiven ; let the sublime
doctrines of Him who spake as never man
spake permeate every law; let the ministers
of the living God burn no more unhallowed in-
cense ou His altars, but teach the people that
" Righteousness exalteth a nation, but sin is a
reproach to any people." Then the voice of
disunion will be heard no more in our borders;
then, with the eye of undoubting faith, we can
look through the cycles of coming ages and
behold this great Republic standing immuta-
ble in her strength, waving her glorious flag,
emblazoned with a hundred stars, over these
States, over the British Provinces, over the land
of the Montezumas, and the Antilles island*
of the sea, the great symbol of human freedom
and the sovereignty of God as the Ruler of the
nation, until the last seven thunders shall utter
their voices, until the heavens shall be rolled
together as a scroll, and the elements shall
melt with fervent heat.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Indiana, obtained the
floor.
Mr. PRICE. I ask the gentleman from In-
diana [Mr. Williams] to yield to me for a few
moments. I wish to reply to the answer the
gentleman from New Jersey [Mr. Sitgreaves]
gave me in regard to the parallel between the
rebels and the prodigal son.
Mr. \\ 1LLIAMS, of Indiana. I will yield
to the gentleman if the time he may occupy
does not come out of my hour.
Mr. PRICE. I hope it will not.
The CHAIRMAN. That will require the
unanimous consent of the committee. Is there
any objection? The Chair hears none. The
gentleman from Iowa has the floor for ten
minutes.
Mr. PRICE. Mr. Chairman, both sides of
this House will, I believe, give me credit for
having been an attentive listener during the
whole of this session. If I possess no other
good quality, I certainly am " a good listener."
I have listened for the purpose of ascertaining
where the truth may be ; and I do not propose
to occupy the attention of the committee now
except to reply to one single point of the argu-
ment of the gentleman from New Jersey, [Sir.
Sitgreaves,] if argument it may be called.
I have heard Story and Blackstone and Vat-
tel, and I know not how many other writers
upon the law, common and international, quoted
here, and when I hear these quotations I always
reserve to myself in my own mind the right to
judge of their correctness or incorrectness,
the applicability or inapplicability, because
these authors were only men. But when I hear a
gentleman speak from a Christian stand-point,
taking for his text an injunction of Scripture,
when I hear him quoting from the Bible to
prove the correctness of his position and his
principles, I listen then with double attention,
because if he is able to support himself by
authority from that point 1 take no appeal.
And I give my Republican friends in this House
notice that if it can be proved that the rebels
of the South occupy to-day the position of the
prodigal son in the Scriptures, to which my
friend from New Jersey has referred, then I
will bid them a final farewell and seek admis-
sion into the party that «an prove its doctrines
true by the Scriptures. But before I sever my
connection with the political party with which
I have been connected for some years past, I
propose to inquire whether this claim in behalf
of the rebels will bear the test of examination.
Now, I have not read very lately the pas-
sage of Scripture with reference to the prod-
igal son, and I may not quote it exactly right;
but I will give the substance, and I will thank
any gentleman for correcting me if I depart
from the record in any material particular.
As I recollect the history of the prodigal son,
it was something like this: in the union which
existed at that time (I must call it a union for
the sake of the parallel) there were three
States, one older- than the other two. At a
certain time one of the States conceived the
idea of seceding. When this idea took pos-
session of the mind of the party controlling
that State he did not, as the rebels did in our
case, bid defiance to the residue of the Union
and those composing it, but he made an ami-
cable arrangement—and if I am correctly read
in Scripture history it was not only an amicable
but a legal arrangement—with them, by which
he took his part of the property and no more.
It was conceded by the States remaining in that
union that that part of the property belonged
to him, and by an amicable and legal adjust-
ment he retired from the concern, taking with
him only the property which belonged to him.
Without reviewing the transaction in detail,
I will merely say that the State that went out
of that union, after behaving as insanely, if
you please, (and I will agree that here the par-
allel may run,) as the rebels of the South have
done, after expending, according to the record,
''all his substance in riotous living," was re-
duced to a point bordering on starvation; and
here again the parallel runs pretty fairly. And
then, sir, if I remember correctly, he was sent
out into the fields to feed swine, a not very
reputable business in that country at that time.
But, sir, at that point the parallel ceased en-
tirely, if I have read the record correctly. I
do not propose to give my opinions dogmat-
ically in this matter, but I propose to review
the transaction; and I say that in my judgment
the parallel ceases at that point. My friend
from New Jersey, who seems to be read up in
Scripture history, has undertaken what no other
man has had the courage to undertake within
the last five or seven years: he has undertaken,
if I understood him correctly, to prove that the
rebels are right from a Christian stand-point.
Mr. SITGREAVES. The gentleman has
misunderstood me.
Mr. PRICE. If I have mistaken the gentle-
man's meaning I hope he will correct me. Of
course I do not wish to misrepresent him.
Mr. SITGREAVES. Nor did I intend to
make a parallel between the history of the
prodigal son and his return to his father and
the history of the rebellion, but merely to
illustrate the law of Christian forgiveness.
Mr. PRICE. Y es, sir, I understand that.
But I asked the question, because I thought I
might have misunderstood the gentleman, if he
intended to compare the rebels with the prodi-
gal of the Scriptures, and he answered me, as
the reporters will testify and as the gentleman
himself will not deny, that he did intend so to
say.
Now, then, at the point where the prodigal
was feeding swine we find him reduced almost
to death by starvation. And there, I say, the
parallel ceases. Why, he was so hungry, ac-
cording to the record, that "he would fain
have filled his belly with the husks," the food
intrusted to him with which to feed the swine.
But at that moment of starvation to which he
was reduced he was too honest to steal. And
I ask if the rebels have not tried to steal every-
thing ?
Mr. CAVANAUGH. Will the gentleman
allow me a question ?
Mr. PRICE. No, sir; I am occupying the
floor by the courtesy of the committee for only
a few minutes. I ask whether the rebels did
not steal everything they could carry away and
much that they could not carry ? Why, if they
had been in the position of the prodigal, does
any one doubt that they would not only have
stolen the food given to the swine, but the
entire herd of swine in the bargain ? [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. CAVANAUGH. I hope the gentleman
will permit me to ask a question.
Mr. PRICE. Not for a moment; I have not
time. Now, the prodigal stood there as an
example of an honest man, but misled and in
error. But the record says "when he came
to himself." I quote from memory, and if I
am incorrect there are plenty of gentlemen
who can correct me. Now, when he came to
himself and found out his abject condition,
when, looking back along the .history of the
past, he reflected on his conduct for the last
years, as insane and wicked as it could be,
what did he do? Did he say, " I will return to
the old Union. I will say to those who remain
there, I propose again to take part in the gov-
ernment of that concern?" Not a word of that
kind, sir. Did he say, "I will go back and
examine the record that they have been mak-
ing since I have been gone, and if I find any-
thing that they have done in my absence that
I do not agree with I will tell them it amounts
to nothing, it is unconstitutional because they
did it while I was out of the Union or was not
represented?" Not a word of that kind; but
he looked the facts square in the face—and to
this I call the particular attention of my friend
from New Jersey—and said, as an honest and
repentant man, " I will arise and go to my
father." What then? "I will say, ' Father,
