1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
751
foreign mortgage upon our own labor and that
of future generations. While this state of
thini"; continues we cannot expect resumption
of •specie payments, and it is very doubtful
if the Treasury will be aide to procure the
$1 ">i>,OOO.tX 0 of gold annually which will be
required so pay the interest of the debt after
all outstanding obligations are funded in six
per cents. To obtain this from customs, the
only source accessible under present laws, we
m i^t import foreign merchandise at present
rates of duty to th>> amount of about three hun-
dred and seventy-live million dollars, an excess
tuer the large average importations of the ten
\ ears prior to 1^00 of $70,000,000, or an aver-
age of ten dollars per capita for the whole
population of the country estimated at thirty-
six and a half millions.
Experience has demonstrated that the effort
to take more than eight dollars per capita of
foreign commodities results in disaster and the
1 o>s of the capacity either to purchase abroad
or produce at home. Besides, under this sys-
tem we niu«t constantly be getting worse off
instead of better : for. allowing for undervalu-
ations. the country would be incurring a debt
of S100 to be paid in gold abroad for every
thirty-three dollars that would accrue to the
T'-easury. Here is the dilemma, I think,
plainly and fairly stated, and I invite its con-
sideration by those who clamor for immediate
r 'turn to specie payments. We can never
obtain the power to use gold as currency by
consuming foreign commodities. It is throw-
ing the shad to catch a sprat. Seeking in
that way for gold to pay interest we are rapidly
and surely changing the character of the prin-
cipal of our debt. It was a debt due from
the Government of the people to the people,
onerous, it is true, but the creditor had part
of the burden and the debtor had part of
the benefit, and beyond the first loss which
it represents nothing of value was withdrawn
from circulation. It is now fast becoming a
di bt due by the Government and the people
to foreign nations, representing a loss in which
there is no honor and demanding payment
which admits of no evasion and from which
there will be no profit. It was a memorial of
the precious things which a self-sacrificing
reople cast into the furnace of patriotic war.
t is assuming the likeness of dishonored ob-
ligations of luxurious and fraudulent insol-
vency.
Sir. we must suspend the payment of gold
abroad before we can resume at home. U e
must stop the ebb of the precious metals and
make the tide flow to our own shores ; we must
substitute economy for wastefulness, home-
spun and home-made for foreign manufac-
tures ; in short, in our commercial relations
with other countries we must cease to be a
debtor nation.
The effort to put the balance of trade in our
favor by curtailing our imports will involve
some loss of duties to the -lrea iiry which the
country, out of its resulting gains, will be able
in some way to make good.
In only two years of the ten prior to 186(3
would duties upon imports, at existing rates,
have approximated the sum of $150,000,000.
I need not say that one of these years precip-
itated the disasters of 1857, and the other
prepared similar calamity, which was in a
measure lost sight of in the patriotic pas-
sions kindled by the breaking out of civil
war. At the present rate of forty per cent,
duty, the average imports of those ten years,
involving two calamities, would have paid
$122,000,000.
By reducing imports to this average, if we
had no mistakes to repair, and if we could
maintain the exports of our great staples at
the high point reached in 1800, we might, upon
the estimate of Mr. Secretary McCulloch, put
tin- balance of trade slightly in our favor. But
we know how greatly the export of cotton has
fallen oif, and the Secretary's estimate of the
balance against us in the trade of 1806 is cer-
tainly too°low by $100,000,000. I have care-
fully examined the Treasury reports, and also
the estimates of business men upon our finan-
cial operations with foreign countries, which 1
leave no trace in the custom-house, and mak-
ing the most moderate and favorable calcula-
tion. I conclude that, our foreign trade of lfcCG,
after absorbing $82,000,000 in gold, left upon
us a debt of not less than $200,000,000, which
was settled by transferring $280,000,000 in
bonds to foreign countries. I know that this
estimate will be regarded by many as too small,
though double that of the Secretary ; but I
desire not to be regarded as an alarmist, and
I would encourage the country by holding
forth the possibility of salvation through an
act of heroic public virtue. It is merely a
question of time. As yet the matter is within
our control, and we may choose whether we
will renounce extravagance, economize our
means, and provide for our wants by the work
of our own hands, or persist in the course we
are now pursuing and await the day when
sharp necessity will dictate harder terms to us.
If we will voluntarily impose such duties upon
imports as will effect their reduction to the
extentthat otherwise must soon be forced upon
us. domestic industry will bridge over the gap,
and having command of the precious metals
we may begin to pay our debts in gold, or in cur-
rency that is as good as gold. A reduction of
imports to $250,000,000 will cause a tempo-
rary Treasury deficit of needed gold duties to
the amount of perhaps $25,000,000, which may
easily be obtained from a few sources without
imposing undue burdens upon productive in-
dustry. Whisky might be made to pay to the
Treasury $40,000,000 in gold, and $15,000,000
in gold might be obtained from tobacco.
The necessity of resorting to these or similar
sources will probably not arise, for the effect
of adopting a sound customs policy will be to
stimulate production and enable the country
to take and pay for such an amount of imports
as will provide revenue without endangering
our financial solvency. I would rely upon the
surplus fund now in the Treasury to make good
temporary deficiencies; but if it should fail it
will be easy to provide in the way I have indi-
cated for the largest demand that can posssibly
be made, and larger than will be made; for
with the balance of trade and exchange in our
favor, the interest on $1,000,000,000 in bonds
held by foreign countries will be paid without
remitting a dollar in gold or drawing a dollar
from the Treasury; and such a surplus will
rapidly accumulate as must insure an early
resumption of specie payments.
To maintain this favorable situation I would,
to use a mechanical phrase, impose a "gov-
ernor"' upon our foreign commerce of such
legal construction as to make its operations
nearly automatic. Our system of ad valorem
duties, with their attendant frauds and accom-
panying undervaluations, makes it difficult to
set up a reliable alarm-clock in the custom-
house, or we might adopt a feature of the Bel-
gian tariff with satisfactory results. I allude
to the special schedule by which linens coming
from France are charged with a specific duty
until the quantity of four million pounds has
been imported. When the amount imported ex-
ceeds that quantity, and does not exceed six
million pounds' weight, the duty is increased
upward of fifty per cent- ; and when the quan-
tity exceeds six million pounds' weight all im-
ported within the year is charged double the
rate of the first four millions. (Revenue Com-
mission lleport, No. 10.) If we could apply
such a system, not to a single article for its pro-
tection, but upon the entire schedule of im-
ports, with a view to checking excesses and
maintaining the balance of trade in our favor,
the results would be beneficial to all interested
in foreign and domestic commerce.
Other methods involving the same principle
and free from practical difficulty suggest them-
selves. Let it be provided that whenever in
any quarter the export exceeds the import of
bullion and coin, ten per cent, duty shall be
added upon the whole list of dutiable imports
until equilibrium is restored, with correspond-
, iug reduction whenever the tide shall turn the
other way. Or let the Treasury record the
daily rate of exchange, and wheneverit rules for
thirty days at above $1 88 per pound sterling,
add ten percent, to customs duties, of which the
Secretary of the Treasury shall give notice, with
like additions after every period of thirty days
until exchange is at par or in our favor. Under
such a system the Secretary should have little
or no discretion, and it would produce no dis-
turbing or disastrous effects, for its operations
would always be anticipated. It would become
the interest of importers to watch carefully the
effect of their operations, and see tliat they did
not press the country beyond its needs and its
power to pay. 1 make these suggestions in the
hope that they will meet with criticism which
will demonstrate the practicability of operating
in some way a system of checks and balances
that will regulatw foreign trade, so that our na-
tional expenditures, honestly estimated, shall
not exceed our income.
It is possible for this country to have a
healthy commerce, for imports may be reduced
without hardship to about what they were in
1803. I have not the data which would enable
me to make a careful analysis of the trade of
the past year; but judging from its general re-
sults it lias been in every respect as disastrous
to the country as that of 1806, the details of
which are npw accessible to everybody. I have
therefore made them the basis of argument and
illustration. Taking the Secretary's estimate
of undervaluations in the year 1860, we sent
abroad for over twenty million dollars' worth
of iron and steel manufactures, which we should
have made better and perhaps cheaper at home.
We imported $20,000,000 worth of cotton piece
goods and brought our domestic mills to a
stand. We sent abroad bonds or gold for
$33,000,000 worth of silk goods, in which we
bravely arrayed our women, in anticipation of
a speedy return to specie payments. We spent
$70,000,000 for textile woolen fabrics, breaking
down our home manufactories most thoroughly
and effectually. We inflated our corporeal cir-
culation with $7,000,000 worth of foreign spirits
and wine, and smoked $3,000,000 worth of fine
foreign cigars. To the extent that we refrain
from going abroad for these things, or for any-
thing, I think it is clear that we will effect a
saving to the country.
I know this idea is deemed by some to be
chimerical. It is claimed that trade enriches
a people, and that if we do not buy we cannot
sell nor make a profit. I am certain that for-
eign countries take from us only what they
must have, and if we did not get our pay in
other commodities we would get it in coin,
upon the same principle that they take coin
I from us. Buy where you can buy cheapest is
• the maxim of the free trader; and we must
; compete with the world if we carry our pro-
ducts to the markets of the world. To the
turgid sentiment of Cobden, free trade the in-
ternational common law of the Almighty, it
is sufficient to oppose an universally recog-
nized fact finding its expression in this simple
I maxim: ''There is no friendship in trade."
i I do not see bow foreign trade is to help us in
our effort to distribute equitably the waste of
five years of destruction over fifty of production
—or one hundred, if we may have so large a
divisor. Our debt must be paid from the sur-
plus earnings of ourown industry. Wemustbuy
les3 and produce more; we must work harder
and more skillfully; we must cultivate and mine
and manufacture ; old industries must be in-
creased and new ones introduced. We may be
awkward about something at first, but in the
end we will do it quicker and better than any
Englishman or Frenchman or German that
lives beyond the seas.
In the prosperity of the industry of the coun-
try all financial questions will find their ulti-
mate solution ; but without our commitment
to a sound financial policy we shal l never com-
mit ourselves to the economies which will stim-
ulate industry and make national independence
possible. It was for the purpose of having the
country committed to a policy that I proposed
a biil (H. R. No. 75) to provide for a reserve
