754
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 25,
and receives over seven per cent, of profit,
and it will not assume risks without largely- j
increased compensation, which labor must pay,
ami which is just so much withdrawn from the
share of the laborer. In England and on the
Continent, money once safely united with labor
in productive industry is seldom withdrawn.
The projector dies, and his widow carries on
the business. His sous in time succeed, and
their sons follow them. The style of some lirm3
has not changed for centuries.
In those countries Government is the ally
of industry, and provides that capital, if it will
have perfect ease and absolute safety, shall
find it only in three per cent, investments. It
is o« ing to this policy that their laborers are
enabled to sustain vast military establishments,
a costly aristocracy and monarchy, and pay
the interest upon enormous public debts. We
may well adopt it, not for the benefit of a rul-
ing class, for we have none, nor to maintain
armies which we do not need, but for the ben-
efit of the whole people. Should our Govern-
ment continue its alliance with the money
power this will soon be the worst country in
the world for laboring men, and it would be
so now were it not for the vast bodies of pub-
lic lands open to free settlement. The na-
tional banking system gives opportunity to
effect this beneficent reform, to which the
banks will not object, for upon its adoption
all the complaints of their opponents will be
silenced.
The proposition to retire the national bank
currency and substitute greenbacks has been
urged as a measure of economy ; but instead of
doing this I would at once authorize new or-
ganizations of iianks to such an extent as to
give them $200,000,000 more of notes for cir-
culation. This, with the greenbacks in exist-
ence, will make the currency amount to nearly
nine hundred millions, approaching bat not
equaling the per capita circulation in England.
This increase can be so apportioned as to
remedy the present most unjust discrimina-
tion against the West and the South, now
nearly destitute of banking capital and money,
and the volume of circulating medium will not
be increased to that extent, because the green-
backs will be largely held as a reserve and
for purposes of redemption. When resump-
tion is effected it will be safe to throw open
the banking privilege without limitation, as it
would then be regulated by the demands of
business ; and being free and open to compe-
tition like other occupations it would be sub-
ject to the same laws. I am confident that no
more banks would be organized and 110 more
notes would be put in circulation than could
find proper and profitable employment. The
requirements of economy can be met by mak-
ing the taxes upon the banks equivalent to the |
interest upon their bonds deposited in the !
Treasury, if that is deemed advisable; but I
feel assured it will not be advisable to burden
them in this way, as much of their excessive
profits will disappear with the premium on gold,
and the remainder will disappear if a uniform
maximum rate of five percent, interest is estab-
tablished for the benefit of the people. Be-
sides, they must and will play a most important'
part in the work of resumption. The increase
of their circulating notes to the amount of
$500,000,000 would require them to lodge with
the Treasurer, to secure circulation, not less
than $610,000,000 of bonds, bearing $36,500,-
000 of interest. If the banks are required to
retain this gold in their vaults as a part of
their reserve it will have an immense effect in
helping us to specie payments and a greater
effect in maintaining them. To illustrate this,
assume that the Treasury can resume in two
years with a sufficient fund; the banks will
have accumulated $75,000,000, and the banks
being required to pay their notes in coin, and
the Treasury being required to pay its notes in
coin, the banks and the Treasury can mu-
tually draw upon each other and thus sustain
each other. Without the banks the gold paid
out by the Treasury would be thrown, as it
were, into the sea, and could only be fished
out by custom-house officers in the shape of
duties on imports; but with the banks the
accumulated interest upon one fourth of the
debt cannot escape, ami will be available tor
resumption.
There is one danger incident to the green-
back currency, which would be presently fatal
to immediate resumption, for the reason that
it would make customs payable in Treasury
notes. Let the Treasury resume to-morrow,
as has been proposed, and the stock of coin it
holds may be rapidly absorbed by the interest
account, redemptions, and ordinary expenses.
Duties, if still payable in coin, would be really
paid in greenbacks ; for the Treasury must fur-
nish the coin, which would be simply drawn
out and theu returned without the gain of a
dollar, there being no way in which green-
backs redeemed could be reissued. The money
available for lawful payments of debts would
be thus reduced unless the gold paid out took
the place of circulating notes. Would it do
so? I think it would not.
The President estimates, no doubt from offi-
cial data, that in addition to $111,000,000 of
coin in the Treasury there are $40,000,000 in
circulation 011 the Pacific coast and a few mil-
lions in the national banks—in all about one
hundred and sixty millions. He further takes
the estimated amount of coin in the country in
1849, and balancing reports of productions,
coinage, and importations against exports since
that date he finds $800,000,000 not accounted
for in exportations, and assumes that it is in
the pockets of the people. His Excellency
has not considered the enormous consumption
of the precious metals in the arts during a
period of eight years, which, if taken into
account, would reduce his balance very consid-
erably. The President's estimate is strength-
ened by that of a distinguished Senator who
has a well-deserved reputation for accuracy,
yet they alike rest in good part upon uncertain
data, and their conclusions cannot be consid-
ered as reliable.
Outside of the banks and the Treasury are
there $300,000,000 of coin in the country?
Who has it? Where is it kept? What do the
owners do with it? It maybe possible that we
have not got this gold in the country, and that
we must produce it and save it before we can
have a sufficient basis for resumption. I think
it can be provided in the way 1 have suggested;
that is, if there is a broad and stable basis of
confidence and business prosperity. No con-
gressional act or secretarial fiat can effect the
work of resumption. It must be accomplished
here by moral and material agencies as various
and powerful as those which made suspension
necessary, and these must draw gold from its
hiding-places before the act or the fiat can take
effect. At present between coin and currency
there is a great gulf fixed. We cannot leap
over it, but statesmanship can and must plan
abridge so wisely, and enterprise and industry
must construct it so well, that the nation, bear-
ing an infinity of interests, can venture upon it
in unwavering confidence.
Among the numerous financial schemes ori-
ginating within and outside of this House one
will attract attention because of its simplicity
and apparent originality. It combines a for-
eign loan of $2-30,1)00,000 of coin and a revenue
tariff, with plausible professions of a desire to
relieve manufacturing industry from the intol-
erable burdens it is now obliged to bear.
To an embarrassed debtor the device of bor-
rowing 011 mortgage at a heavy discount may
be more pleasant than a resort to rigid econ-
omy. United States bonds have been quoted
lately in London at 71, and it is probable they
would go much lower if an additional $350,-
000,000 were thrown upon the market. As-
suming they could be negotiated at 71, we must
send out more than three hundred and fifty-two
million dollars to get $250,000,000 of coin, and
to what end? After our special agent has gath-
ered up the coin, which would be some time
after we have paid the debt of nature, the Gov-
ernment will send a firat-class war steamer to
bring it across the seas, and will guard it with
special escort, and solemnly deposit it in the
vaults of the Treasury, unconscious of the fact
that all the while, almost daily, vessels are
carrying away to foreign countries millions of
our own gold. £ir, this dramatic expedient
strikes me as farcical. It is a remedy that
does not touch the disease, and reminds me of
the attempted transfusion of blood, once pop-
ular in theory, but ineffective or fatal in prac-
tice. But I never read of any quack, mediaeval
or modern, who placed leeches on every artery
of his patient while he attempted to inject life-
saving blood into his impoverished veins. Sir,
our circulation will be neither better nor worse
than our own vital power can make it, and a
foreign element borrowed would neither be
assimilated nor retained.
When the country is enabled to resume specie
payments it should make no exhaustive effort
for speedy payment of the national debt. The
average increase of expenses of the Govern-
ment during each period of six years from
1825 to the spring of 1861 was not quite forty
per cent. Allowing this percentage of increase
during the six years commencing with the war,
it will appearthat overfive hundred million dol-
lars of its cost or one sixth of the whole, (ex-
cluding payments of interest amounting to over
three hundred million dollars,) does not appear
in the public debt. This shows an actual
extraordinary payment by the Government,
beyond what would have been its requirements
if peace had continued, of $800,000,000, which,
when added to increased State and municipal
taxation, and the still greater contributions in
the way of bounties and charities growing out
of the war, is all that this generation ouglit to
be called on to pay of the gigantic cost of the
salvation of the nation. For a few years, at
least, it is enough to require the country to pay
the war claims annually falling due, that they
may not increase the debt. It will be time
enough to see about diminishing it when we
can reduce our ordinary expenses to something
like what a peace establishment would require.
Industry has been so oppressed with various
burdens that it is now prostrated. The Secre-
tary of the Treasury in taking in greenbacks
has been drawing away its life-blood, while he
has demanded from it superhuman exertions to
do what no one asks and no obligation requires.
It is related that Milo, of Cretona, by begin-
ning with a calf and carrying it every day was
able at last to carry with ease the full-grown ox.
Our Secretary, without the wisdom of the Greek,
is trying at once to carry the ox. He will fail
miserably and get gored into the bargain.
It is useless affectation to fix by act of Con-
gress a day on which the Treasury will pay its
debts in coin. Unless resumption has taken
place before the day fixed, then the Treasury
will not or had better not resume.
It has been proposed to oblige the banks to
begin by redeeming bills of five dollars or under
in coin. This would simply have the effect of
driving these bills from circulation and substi-
tuting shinplasters in their stead.
An infinity of projects, all aiming to get
something out of nothing, are advocated here
or elsewhere with the same infatuation which
inspired the seekers after the principle of
perpetual motion and the philosopher's stone.
Sir, let me direct your attention to the only
source of national wealth, the only means of
financial restoration—the labor of the people.
I see the laborers of the United States—a vast
army in the field, the mine, the mill, and the
workshop, not as I have seen them in times
past, busy with hands and brain, full of hope
and inspired by patriotism, but idle and gloomy,
looking for hard times, doubting the wisdom
of that party of ideas and progress which saved
the nation, and almost ready to become the
tools and the victims of demagogues who would
ruin the country. Sir, it is a received theory
of English politics that the protection of prop-
erty should be the first consideration of Gov-
ernment ; but in this country it is and must be
the protection of men, and the poorer the man
the more reason he should have the beneficent
guardianship of his Government.
