1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
755
I offer no apology for taking up time in dis-
cussing the policy of contraction, for its friends
are all in high places, and I believe them to be
enemies of the workingman. I do not impugn
the motives of the Secretary of the Treasury,
but I believe that most of his followers are
moneyed men, who wish to give their money
more power over labor and its products. Dis-
guise their purpose as they may, it is plain that
they desire to see the American laborer re-
duced to the level of the laborers of England,
France, and Germany. I tell them plainly
that this cannot be done—cannot and will
not. The American workingman must live
in a house, not a hut; he must wear decent
clothes, and eat wholesome and nourishing
food. He is an integral part of the munici-
pality, the State, and the nation; subject to
110 fetters of class or caste; neither pauper
nor peasant nor serf, but a free American
citizen. He has the ballot, and if it were
possible it would be dangerous to degrade
him. The country stands pledged to give him
education, political power, a higher form of
life than foreign nations accord their laborers,
and lie must be sustained by higher rates of
wages than those of Europe. Our industries
operated by American citizens must be freed
from foreign interference and organized into
a distinct American system, which will exact
some temporary sacrifices, tut result in gen-
eral prosperity and true national independence.
In maintaining our diversified industries we
utilize every talent, provide a field for every
capacity, and bind together the whole people
in mutual dependence and support, assuring
the strength and security of our Republic.
More than this, placing American life upon a
higher plane we are elevating the life of man
in other nations of the world. If we will es-
tablish a distinctive and liberal American sys-
tem of work and wages, industry, and finance,
and maintain it for a few years, we may raise
our currency to the value of coin, and, break-
ing down all barriers, we may then enter upon
equal terms into free trade with all nations of
free people.
Mr. STONE next addressed the committee.
[See Appendix.]
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair desires, in
justice to the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Mcngen,] to make a statement to the com-
mittee. The gentleman from Ohio desired to
interrupt the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr.
Williams,] and the gentleman from Indiana
declined to be interrupted. Then a point of
order was made by the gentleman from Ohio,
and the Chair understood the point of order
to be this: that the gentleman from Indiana,
by turning to gentlemen upon the other side
of the House and pointing to them, entitled
the gentleman from Ohio to interrupt him.
The gentleman from Ohio, however, informs
the Chair that the point of order actually
made was substantially this : that the fact that
the gentleman from Indiana spoke of gentle-
men upon the other side as "dogs" entitled
him to raise the point of order that the gentle-
man used unparliamentary language. It the
Chair had understood that to be the point of
order it would certainly have been sustained.
TUB FINANCES.
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio. Mr. Chairman, it
is, 1 believ®, admitted that among all the great
questions which agitate the public mind none
occupy so large a place in the hearts and minds
of the people as the question of finance, so that
it may well be said this question is paramount
to all others ; and in my judgment there is no
one thing the country so much needs and de-
sires at the present time as a comprehensive,
practical, and just financial policy, a policy
worthy iu all its parts of the respect and attach-
ment of a just and magnanimous people. From
the Atlantic to the Pacific, far and wide, the
people are anxiously looking and waiting to see
wliat the present session of Congress will do in
this regard, and it is encouraging to know that
very many of the best financial minds, possess-
ing the very best financial skill and ability of
this or any other country, are just now engaged
on this intricate, abstruse, and momentous ques-
tion, and I have no doubt will succeed in solv-
ing the problem as to how, upon what plan,
and under what system can we best succeed in
gradually diminishing, and finally, and during
the life of the present generation, in liquidating
in full at least the interest-bearing portion of our
indebtedness, thereby preserving and maintain-
ingour hitherto untarnished integrity and honor,
encouraging and stimulating at the same time
the industry and enterprise of our people by
refraining from such legislation as will tend to
burden and cripple industry by undue taxation.
There are, doubtless, many gentlemen here
who, in the present financial exigency, have
settled and fixed viewsadequate to the occasion,
with which they will indue time favor the House
and the country.
As the success of any financial scheme
which may be devised will depend very much
upon when, how, and in what kind of money
our national securities are to be paid, it would
seem eminently proper that the judgment of
Congress, by a declaratory joint resolution on
this subject, should be expressed. Until this
is done there will be two opinions extant, one
favoring payment in gold, the other in lawful
money. We have had able arguments on this
floor, both pro and con, but no definite settle-
ment of the question. Why should we leave
this an open question; why keep the people in
suspense; why not declare to the country and
the world by positive declaration in what kind
of money the debt is to be paid? Of course
there are no doubts as to the kind of money
the ten-forties, the pension fund, and the gold
certificates are to be paid in, but there are
serious doubts in regard to other classes of
securities—indeed there seem to be grave and
well-founded objections to paying thein in any
other than lawful money.
True, it may be asked why I am so anxious
for a settlement of this question now, when we
havR neither the gold nor the greenbacks to
pay the debt. My answer is, it would satisfy
the demands of the country, produce uniformity
of action, and tend to harmonize conflicting
sentiments; and, moreover, it is my intention
before I get through to submit a plan for the
gradual reduction and final payment of all the
interest-bearing debt in about nineteen years,
without retarding the industry and enterprise
of the people. Of course I do not claim that
this will be superior or even equal to other
plans which may be submitted, but I do claim
that it will accomplish all I propose.
FIVE-TWKNTY BONDS.
Certain gentlemen on this floor have argued
very fairly and successfully to prove that the
principal of the five-twenty bonds under the
act of February 25, 18G2, is payable in green-
backs, but almost in the next breai.li have
argued that the six per cent. 1881 bonds are
payable, both principal and interest, in coin,
simply from the fact, as they have alleged, that
these bonds were issued in 1861, when coin
was the only lawful money known in the land.
This position seems strangely at variance
with the express declaration of the law, which
in relation to greenbacks says:
"They shall be legal tender in payment of all debts,
public and private, within the United States, except
duties on imports and interest on the public debt."
If this be a correct theory then why was it
that promissory notes, bonds, and contracts of
every description made and dated in the same
year of 1861, and not maturing until after the
date of the legal-tender act, were invariably
and universally held to be payable in legal-ten-
der notes ; even obligations given in exchange
for gold and promising on their face to pay in
gold were made subject to the same rule ; and
now to undertake to change it in favor of the
bondholder would be a most unjust and unfair,
not to say invidious, discrimination.
While we remain in the condition of sus-
pended specie payment, the only legal and
equitable vi4w of the question seems to be that
taken by those who favor paying all our debts
in precise accordance with law and contract;
when we have stipulated to pay iu gold so let
the payment be made ; when the contract is
silent let the law govern. The opposite view,
in my judgment, stands not only in opposition
to law and usage, but also in violation of the
rights of the taxpayers of the country.
In consequence of the straitened and em-
barrassed condition of our national finances,
brought about by a rebellion of gigantic pro-
portions, of severity and power unparalleled
in history, the law-makingpowerof the Govern-
ment was compelled to authorize the suspen-
sion of specie payment, which was effected by
the passage on the 25th of February, 1862, of
the act commonly known as "the legal-tender
act," by which the Government issues of paper
money were made "a legal tender for all debts,
public and private, within the United States,
except duty on imports and interest on the pub-
jic debt." In the provisions of this law, super-
induced by necessity, there was a very general
and willing acquiescence. The result was we
were compelled to inaugurate the system of
measuring values by the standard of a depre-
ciated paper currency. The consequence was
that everything, and especially such articles
of consumption as enter most largely and more
immediately into the support of individuals
and families, went up to fabulous prices. Spe-
cie was not and still is not known except as
an article of commerce. The day-laborer, the
mechanic, and the farmer received and gave
proportional prices.
The soldier in the field and the clerk in the
office were compelled to receive their monthly
pay in a greatly depreciated currency. The
merchant and the banker, in like manner, were
compelled to take, in discharge of their bills
receivable, contracted on a specie basis, a
depreciated paper currency. The man who in
1860 or 1861 sold his farm at its gold value,
taking notes therefor payable in one, two, and
three years, with interest, (which is a very
common practice in some localities,) had the
pleasure—if you will allow me the ironical
expression—of receiving in full for his farm
greenbacks at par, for which he could realize
no ipore than fifty cents to the dollar; so of
the man who loaned his money, and so with
every man who sold or loaned on time. These
were but the natural effects and consequences
of war, against which 1 enter no complaint,
knowing that all nations are subject, sooner
or later, to like calamities.
But, sir, what I do complain of is the unjust
discrimination sought to be made between our
citizens by those who advocate the doctrine of
paying the five-twenties, principal and interest,
in gold. Adopt this policy ana you will justify
the silly clap-trap which has been going the
rounds to the effect that the tendency of the
policy of the dominant party in Congress is to
make the rich richer and the poor poorer. I
I know there is such a principle as honor, and
that the American people and Government
always have, and I doubt not always will be,
actuated and controlled by it.
I know, also, that there is such a thing as
false, or, it may be, interested notions as to
what honor is, but if any gentleman's notions
lead him to believe a nation to be honorable
must first pay its debts according to law and
contract and then add on thirty to forty per
cent, over and above the stipulations, then
with him I take issue. My own Sta^e under
the law of 1862 has been paying the interest
and reducing the principal of her debt at a
very satisfactory rate in legal tenders : every
other State, I believe, except perhaps it may
be one or two, has been doing the same, and I
have not heard that any of them have been
charged with repudiation or branded with either
moral or legal dishonor. The banks of every
State, with all other corporations, have in like
manner been using legal tenders in the pay-
ment of their liabilities, so that the man who
undertakes to brand his fellows with dishonor
will find that he has rather a big job on his
