186B.
the congressional globe.
75*
I feel assured that those men who in the hour
of thei r country's extremity rushed forward and
took the Government loan with avidity, not
caring to calculate whether the investment
were a good or a bad one financially, actuated
as they were by patriotic motives, will not now,
for the sake of harmony and justice, complain
to pay a fair rate of tax on their bonds.
A\ hat they do ask, in my opinion, is, that in-
asmuch as they have loaned their money to
the General Government and receive their in-
terest therefrom, that they may be allowed to
pay their tax into the national Treasury, and
thereby be saved from the enormous tax inci-
dent to incorporated villages and cities, reach-
ing, as a general rule, from three to five per
cent., leaving to the holder of bonds from one
to three per cent, as the net annaal proceeds
of interest on which they rely for support; and
in addition to this, they, in common with other
citizens, ask that now in time of peace we
may have a steady, comprehensive, and equit-
able financial policy as well as protection to
the persons and property of all citizens, with-
out regard to race or color.
This, it is believed, would give entire satis-
faction to the tax-payers of the country, who,
while they believe that Government securities
ought to be taxed, are, in my opinion, totally
indifferent as to whether it is done by national
or State authority, as in either case the effect
will be to equalize the burdens of taxation;
and as it is intended that all our indebtedness,
both State and national, shall be honorably
paid to the last dollar, it can make no real
difference to which class the revenue arising
from our tax on bonds shall be applied ; but it
does seem most fair that it should be applied
to the extinguishment of the debt from which
it is derived.
SPECIE PAYMENT.
Mr. Chairman, a speedy return to specie
payment as a sovereign cure for all financial
ills is strenuously urged, and a strong press-
ure from some quarters is being brought to
bear for the adoption of such measures by Con-
gress as will hasten the golden period, while
very little is said about cutting down the gen-
eral expenses of the Government to a corre-
sponding basis. It would, doubtless, be very
agreeable to the officers ofthe different Depart-
ments of the General Government, with their
alinostinnum erabl e appendages, to receive go Id
in pay for their official services; but it might
not be quite so agreeable to the laboring, man-
ufacturing, and producing classes to have the
prices of their labor and products cut down to
suit these golden times. It might suit capital-
ists who have loaned their money to the Gen-
eral Government, to corporations, or to private
individuals on a legal-tender basis and at a
legal-tender rate of interest, to receive their
debts, principal and interest, in gold; but it
would not suit the toiling millions who have
these debts to pay quite so well.
Is there any sane man to be found who, hav-
ing a large debt hanging over his head and
having the power, would voluntarily bring
prices down until he had first discharged his
indebtedness in whole, or at least in part?
Was it ever heard that any nation, being in a
state of suspended specie payment, with an
Immense debt resting on it and its credit at a
heavy discount, resumed a specie basis and
afterward paid its indebtedness and I might
also add, or ever intended to? And where is
the American to be found who is willing to see
his own dear country in this condition?
It will do no good to go back and inquire into
the cause of our indebtedness, or what per
Cent, in gold value we received on each dollar
comprising it; we must deal with circumstances
and facts as they are, and not as we wonld have
them. We are now in the condition of sus-
pended specie payment, and as the "legal-
tender act" contributed very largely in swell-
ing our indebtedness to its present immense
proportions, sound national policy, in my judg-
ment, dictates that it should aid us in diminish-
ing that indebtedness: and this maybe done
without injustice to the creditors or oppres-
sion to the people. When we succeed, as I
have no doubt we shall, in so amending our
j revenue laws as honestly to get what is con-
; templated, we shall receive certainly not less
than $50,000,000 from whisky alone in addi-
tion to what is now received, to say nothing of
other innumerable leakages.
While taxes may and doubtless will be greatly
reduced, the people are quite as much con-
cerned about an equitable distribution of them
among property holders and a faithful collec-
tion and application to the public debt as they
are about the amount collected. Who would
not tire to be alwa}rs paying and yet never
reducing the principal; and with present and
prospective means derived and to be derived,
not only from the proceeds of industry but also
from a judicious retrenchment in public expend-
itures, who will not hold the law-making power
responsible for the folly of a failure to provide
for a permanent annual reduction of the prin-
cipal of the debt?
I aver, here and now, in the face of the opin-
ions and recommendations of the chief exec-
utive and financial officers of the Government,
the report of the Finance Committee of the Sen-
ate, to say nothing of the wishes of those rep-
resenting large moneyed interests in our cities
and elsewhere, that the very worst thing we can
do for the interests of the tax-paying millions
is to force the country to a specie basis at no
very distant day, and I submit to the House
and to the country whether it will be wise or
prudent to come to a specie basis with a debt
of $2,500,000,000 hanging over us, nearly all
of which was_ contracted at from forty to sixty
cents in specie on the dollar, thereby increas-
ing the value of our securities to the holders
from thirty-three to forty percent., and the effect
would be to make our debt harder to pay by at
! least $1,000,000,000.
FUNDING THE BEBT.
I A bill is now pending in the Senate called,
j1 I believe, a loan or funding bill, one object of
i which is to convert our five twenties payable
: under the law in legal-tenders into a six per
; cent, bond, due in forty years, payable, prin-
cipal and interest, in coin. I am opposed to
all such bills; I do not wish to change the bar-
gain, neither do I want forty years to elapse
, before the debt is paid in full. This funding
system, in common parlance, means giving new
obligations for old ones with the advantage
ordinarily as in the present case on the side
of the holder. The capitalist is not desirous to
have the principal due him paid, for it is the
goose which lays the golden egg, hence he pre-
fers a long bond to a short one, a gold bond to
one payable in currency, and will readily make
the exchange. Most other men would do the
same, for it is not in human nature to refuse
the best end of the bargain when offered, and
especially when offered by so wealthy and so
respectable a gentleman as our Uncle Sam.
This funding system, as it is called, so far
from having a tendency to bring about the
payment of the debt, thereby freeing the coun-
try from the .burden, has precisely the oppo-
site effect; and but few instances are to be
found in history where nations, who after com-
mencing this system did not continue it in-
definitely from generation to generation, pay-
ing the amount of the principal in interest
over and over and over again, without being
able to reduce the principal of the debt asingle
dollar, did not finally, and when they could do
no better, quietly conclude to let the obliga-
tion remain, and like England proclaim to the
world "that a public debt was a public bless-
ing," leaving their children to struggle under
the load.
Not so with young America; he is never so
| happy as when paying his debts ; never sleeps
so well as when his obligations are fully met
and discharged; and when he gives his son a
farm he does not want it encumbered by a
Government mortgage to the extent of ten or
fifteen per cent, on its value. In a respoctablo
work on English finances, written twenty years
ago, the following statement occurs:
n A". 4.'° money borrowed a century ago by the
Jinglish (xovernment has been repaid five times over
in the shape of interest, without one jot of progress
toward ultimate relief." ,
The people of the United States are paying
an interest which, if compounded semi-annu-
ally as we pay it, would exceed the principal
every nine years; and yet, instead of preparing
to pay up vigorously, we talk of funding a
debt not yet due by many years.
The first section of this funding bill author-
izes the Secretary of the Treasury to issue an
amount of six per cent, gold bonds sufficient
to cover all outstanding or existing obligations
of the United States, which of course includes
the non-interest-bearing greenbacks in circu-
lation, which it is necessary to take up in order
to reach a specie basis, so much desired in
some quarters, thereby riveting upon the na-
tion a six per cent, gold debt of $2,500,000,000.
This section also provides—
"That the expenses of preparing, issuing, and dis-
posing of such bonds shall not exceed one per cent,
of the amount disposed of."
No one doubts that the expense incident to
preparingand negotiating the bonds would reach
the maximum of the one per cent, allowed,
making the net little sum of $25,000,000 to
be transferred from the pockets of the people
to the pockets of a few well-to-do individuals,
(who might or might not appreciate the favor,)
which, instead of being thus squandered, might
be applied to the payment ot the debt.
The terms of the Government have been so
liberal toward its creditors that shrewd men
everywhere have been withdrawing their capital
from agriculture, commerce, and other pur-
suits of life which tend to develop the resources
of the country and add wealth to the nation, to
invest in our securities, from which they realize
a handsome profit without labor or risk.
And, Mr. Chairman, who can tell how long
it will be before we are embroiled in another
war ? I would fain hope we may have long-
continued peace, but we can havo no guaranty
against the horrors of war; and if such a ca-
lamity should overtake us at no very distant
period, despite our prowess and skill, with a
debt of $2,500,000,000 hanging over us, our
financial ruin would be well nigh complete.
And shall that intrepid, inflexible party of
I patriots, who suffered everything but death for
\ the salvation of their country, men who in the
darkest days of the rebellion, exposed to dan-
ger and death on every hand, stood inseparably
and indissolubly united, now separate on mere
questions of national policy, and hand over
the Government won by their swords to a party
whose patriotism may be measured by its dec-
laration in 1864, that "the war for the Union
was a failure," and whose love of equality and
freedom tnay be judged by its untiring opposi-
tion to human rights.
SINKING FUND.
Mr. Chairman, I believe there is not a single
instance on record of a sinking fund estab-
lished on a proper basis, conducted with com-
mon wisdom, economy, and skill, having failed
to meet, and more than meet, the expectations
of its friends. I know there have been failures
where the fund has been borrowed at interest
and its management characterized by stupidity
and extravagance, or where the Government,
too impatient or, perhaps, too needy to leave
it uninterruptedly to accumulate and gradually
but certainly to accomplish that for which it
was designed, has been constantly appropri-
ating its funds to other purposes than those for
which they were intended, thereby destroying
its powers of accumulation. Our own Gov-
ernment in 1790 established a sinking fund,
which was kept in successful operation for
more than forty-five years, greatly aiding us ia
the payment of the debt contracted during the
Revolution, as well as that incurred during the
war of 1812.
Many of the States have formed a sinking
