1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
759
RIGHTS OF CITIZENS.
Mr. HAWKINS. Men have several great
objects in the establishment of governments,
and among these are to be found a desire to
form a combination which shall have power
sufficient to defend the individual members of
society against the vicious and power to pun-
ish offenders in such manner as to deter others
oflilie evil dispositions from the commission
of offenses against the rights and morals of the
community. Another great reason for the or-
ganization of government is to so concentrate
power that the people, through the regularly
established government, may be enabled to
repel armed force which may threaten to over-
throw the well-established laws or customs of
a community; and in the absence of any pro-
vision in the fundamental law to that effect the '
plainest principles of national justice, it would |
naturally seem, would enable any unprejudiced
mind to see that the burdens of all governments
established for the benefit of communities should
be equally borne by all the people; and by no
people in the world was the principle of equal-
ity more highly prized than by those patriots ;
who established the Government of the United
States, and one of the greatest objects which
they had in view was the full and most ample
protection to the right of individuals who com-
posed the Government. All that was done
was done in the name of and for the people,
and not for or in the name of the States or the
General Government. The Government was
not created for the rich nor the poor, but it ,
was for the people, and we shall see that it was
not for the benefit of one section, but for the ,
whole and entire country. And this is clearly 1
demonstrated by the fact that all the higher
attributes of sovereignty were surrendered by
th# States to the General Government. But
even that was not unconditional, but the grants
of power to the General Government had fixed
upon them, and as a part of the grant, a limit-
ation upon the granted powers, as is to be seen
in section eight of the first article of the Con-
stitution :
"The Congress shall have power to levy and collect
taxes, duties, imposts, and excises, to pay the debts
and provide for the eommon defense and general
welfare of the United States; but all duties, excises,
and imposts shall be uniform throughout the United
States."
Here the power to tax is conferred upon the
Government of the United States; but it is not
that power which is generally exercised by the
sovereign power of a great nation. It does not
confer the right usually assumed by sovereign
powers to tax their people at will, and to dis-
criminate between individuals, classes, or sec-
tions composing the entire nation. Here is
manifestly shown that earnest desire enter-
tained by the framers of our Government to
distribute fairly and equally the burdens of
Government among the whole people. The
burden of providing for the common defense
of the country against foreign or internal foes
was not to be thrown upon any one locality.
But it is expressly provided that it shall be
equally divided between the entire country or
among all the people equally.
This same section provides that Congress
may raise and support armies; "but no appro-
priation of money to that use shall be for a
longer term than two years.'' Here again there
is a power granted to this Government which
would generally have been exercised by a sov-
ereign power without any special grant, and is
to-day exercised as one of the incidents of
sovereignty by perhaps every sovereign power
in the civilized world except by the United
States. And why pot by it? Because the peo-
ple of the nation, when they formed the Govern-
ment for their protection and the advancement
of their great material interests and happiness,
«aw proper specially to delegate the power that
they might couple with the grant a limitation
which, in their judgment, was necessary to their
■protection against encroachments upon their
individual rights and to prevent the means
from being diverted from the object designed.
Another of the incidents of sovereignty is
the right to make such laws as it in its wisdom
may deem expedient for the general welfare,
and to raise armies, and in the exercise of its
powers and discretions to station or quarter
them just where it may deem best, whether in
peace or in war. But the framers of this Gov-
ernment had just passed through a terrible war,
and hud full in view those hardships which ,
were likely to fall upon individuals in the |
event that we should ever have upon us such a !
calamity; and they never for one moment
thought of departing from the great principles
which they had in view—equality among the ,
people and a just distribution of the burdens
of government. And with this great object in :
view, and a fixed determination to correct the
evils and errors which had existed in other
governments, they determined to regulate and i
limit the power of the Federal Government; i,
and, therefore, it was provided by the third
article of the amendments to the Constitu- j
tion: |
" That no soldier shall in time of peace be quartered
in any house without the consent of the owner, nor in
time of war but in a manner to be prescribed by law." i
Why was it deemed expedient by the great 1
men who framed this Government to insert in
the Constitution such a limitation upon the
sovereign power of the nation? The answer is
plain and easy to any one who will for a moment
consider the great ends and objects to be
attained in the formation of this Government,
and when they reflect for a moment that it is a
Government not created by sovereign States,
and not for the benefit of particular sections or ;
classes, but a Government made by the people j
of the United States and for the protection of j
the people of the Union, and that they recog- j
nized no government as safe or free which had i
the power to encroach upon individual rights, J
and that they believed that governments were ;
organized for the purpose of protecting the
life, liberty, and property of the individuals
who belonged to the organization, and not for
the purpose of consuming or destroying their
property or trampling down their liberties. i
But it may be said that great emergencies \
may arise, aud that necessity might require
that in time of war the power or rights of the
Government should be greater than in time of
peace, and that troops and armies might ne-
cessarily have to be stationed in the houses of
individuals for the purpose of promoting the
general welfare of the nation. Nobody would
pretend to deny this; and the framers of the
Government foresaw and provided for just such
a state of affairs; and that provision is to be
found in the third article of the amendments
to the Constitution, which has already been
referred to. When it was therein stated that
no soldier should be quartered in any house
in time of war but in a manner to be pre-
scribed by law, wa3 it intended thereby to con-
fer upon the law-making power of the Govern-
ment the right to provide by law for quartering
soldiers in the houses of private individuals
who are citizens of the Republic? Most as-
suredly it was so intended; but it is just as
sure, just as certain, that there was fixed upon
and as a part of that grant of power a limita-
tion for the purpose of advancing the great
end and what should be the aim of all Gov-
ernments: to make a fair and equal distribu-
tion of all the burdens of the Government,
whether in war or in peace. The right to use
private property for the common good is clearly
admitted in case of war; and if the provisions
of the Constitution had stopped here it might
have been contended that it was the intention
of the framers of the Government, in the ex-
ercise of full sovereign power, to provide by
law for the use of individual property for the
common good without any responsibility to the
individual owner; but, as before stated, it was
intended that the burdens of this Government
should be equally distributed, and that no one,
not even the humblest individual to be any-
where found in our extended domain, was to
be compelled to contribute more than his rata-
ble share to the support of the Union, which
was created for the common defense and pro-
tection of all, and therefore it was provided by
the fifth amendment to the Constitution—
"That no person shall be deprived of life, liberty,
or property without due process of law; nor shall
private property be taken for public use without just
Compensation."
Here the limit upon the sovereign power pos-
sessed or to be possessed by the Government
is as clear as language can make it, and this
limitation is in exact accordance with justice
and entirely in keeping with the idea which
runs through the entire Constitution, and places
prominently before us that equality and jus-
tice which should everywhere exist between
man and man, and for the attainment of which
governments are organized. Suppose that a
different rule should prevail, and that it should
be assumed that in time of war, when our
country should be invaded, that the Army had
the right to appropriate just whatever its neces-
sities might demand, without regard to the
rights of the owner, and use it just as though
it was common property. Then why was Con-
gress clothed with the power to levy taxes, and
why was it provided that these taxes should be
uniform ? Why not levy them just where they
could be most conveniently collected? Could
anybody pretend to say that it would be in
accordance with any known rule of justice that
our Army should strip the inhabitants of any
one district of country of all its supplies, and
then tax that district just as much as the dis-
trict that had not furnished a dollar's worth of
supplies? Still, taxation must be uniform, and
no power can be fouud which enables Congress
to discriminate in favor of the district which
had furnished its share in kind ; and if there
was such a power it would operate unequally
between the citizens of the district, a thing
which would be abhorrent to a republican Gov-
ernment, and the solution of the difficulty can
only be found in a just compensation to be
made to the individual for the property taken.
It matters not. what rule may have prevailed
in other Governments, either before or after
the making of our Constitution. It was made
to create and to limit powers in the United
States, and article six and section two of the
Constitution provides—
"This Constitution and the lawsmade by theUnited
States whioh shall be made in pursuance thereof, and
all treaties made or which shall be made under the
authority of the United States, shall be the supreme
law of the land, and the judges in every State shall
be bound thsreby, anything in the constitution or
laws of any State to the contrary notwithstanding."
It is clear that no State can annul the fifth
amendment of the Constitution, and it is clear
that the nationalGovernment has not attempted
to do so. Then, if the question as to whether
the Government is bound to make jnst com-
pensation to the individual whose property it
used during the rebellion could come before
the judicial tribunals of the country, they would
be bound to decide that the compensation
i should be made. But the question cannot
reach the courts. This is a great, powerful, and
[ sovereign nation, and there is no court through
[ which the citjzen can reach it unless it should
I so provide by law, and it has failed to do. It
would seem that when the sovereign 1s dealing
with its citizens, who cannot approach it
through judicial tribunals until it so manifest
its will and pleasure, it should be stimulated tc
bring into active use that highest attribute
which a sovereign should possess: justice and
fair dealing, especially with its own citizens.
And if it should undertake to adjust their
demands against it it should do so according
to the well-known and long-established rules
of justice, and not reverse all such.
But it is sometimes said, and it has been by
high authority, that these people were within
the confederate States—that they were within
an enemy's country. This was never true to
the extent that it has been argued. But, sup-
pose that the fact was so, what difference does
ft make to the loyal man whether he was within
an enemy's country or out of it? He was not
there because of any choice or fault of his, but
because he did not possess the power or ability
of himsalf to get out of it or repel the enemies
