760
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 25,
of theeonntry. and then it was that he hoped and ,
t'V't'Cted to profit by beins a member of the
I mon, and relied on the nation to keep the faith
wini 'lim and to come forward and defend him
against public enemies, and thereby to fulfill the
vt-rv purpose for which the Government was
organized. When he complained that thenation
1' id permitted him to be overrun and his rights
a citizen of the United States, both in person
and property, trampled under foot, what reply
was given'.' That at the time the Government
was not ahle to furnish the protection, and he
must endure all the punishment that was in-
flicted on him oeeause he was still asserting
his allegiance to his country, and the country
was asserting its risrhts and powers over him as
a citizen and requiring liiin to perform his
obligations to the country. But it is sometimes
insisted or slated that some of the States with-
drew from the Union. It would be nearer the
truth to say that some of the people of a part
of the States attempted to withdraw from tbe
Union. But then it is assumed by others that
by a majority vote some of the States declared
that they had withdrawn from the Union.
It is no part of my purpose to debate that
branch of the subject or to examine as to what
effect it may have had upon the rights of those
who participated in the act, but simply to ex-
amine the position of those citizens of the States
making the effort to withdraw from the Union,
and the power of the majority in a State over
the minority. The power of the majority of
the people of a State over the minority, when it !
is exercised in conformity with law and with 1
proper regard to the limitation of power be-
longing to State governments, would be very
great, if not absolutely controlling But a cit-
izen of one of the States of this Union owes a
paramount allegiance to the Government of
the United States, and any action of the ma-
jority of the people of a State which would be
in conflict with the Constitution of the United
States could not deprive the citizen of the State
of any of his rights under the Government of
the United States or release hiin from any of
his liabilities, duties, or obligations to the
Federal Government. If the Legislature of a
State should attempt to make a change in the
relations of a eitizen of the State to the United
States without the consent of the citizen, then
the Legislature would have exceeded the au-
thority delegated to it by the citizens of the
State; and, if there was no other reason for it,
the action would be void for want of authority.
But there is another and more powerful rea-
son why the action would be void. The Con-
stitution of the United States and the law made
in pursuance thereof are the supreme law of
the land, anything in the constitution or laws
of aay State to the contrary notwithstanding.
It was evidently intended by this article to pre-
serve tbe union of the States, and to sweep
away any pretext which might be set up by any
part of the people in any one of the States,
when they should come in conflict with the
laws of the United States, that they were act-
ing under authority of the laws or constitution !
of their respective States. If force is to be
given to this article of the Constitution, the citi-
zen of one of the States attempting to withdraw !
from the Union and to destroy the allegiance '
of its citizens to the Government was under no 1
legal obligation to obey any law having for its
object such an illegal and nefarious purpose;
such a law would have on him no effect. The
Constitution of the Federal Government, upon
the very instant of its promulgation, struck it
down; and it served no other purpose but to
indicate what would have been done by those
treasonable men who in several of the States
assumed to be legislative bodies, for they are
not entitled to be called legislative hodiee. For
the very moment that they transcended tbe
powers granted to them, or those which they
might legally exercise under the Constitution
ot the United States, they became a band of
illegal and treasonable conspirators for the
overthrow of both State and Federal Govern-
ment*. But by the fraudulent exercise of pre-
tended powers which they did not possess they
succeeded in drawing to their support the law-
less, and by this unlawful combination they
attempted to accomplish by force what they
could not by law or legislation. Then force
was resisted by the strong arm of the Govern-
ment. and the illegal action of those men over-
thrown ; and the citizen who had not partici-
pated in the rebellion was left at the close of
the war precisely where he was at the begin-
ning.
It'this be true, there wag no point of time at
which the Constitution of tbe United States
was not the supreme law of the land, as well
in the States of Alabama, Georgia, Tennessee,
or any other State or Territory over which the
national authority was exercised at the com-
mencement of the war; and every act done by
any and all persons in support of the rebellion
was in violation of the supreme law of the
land ; and every act by any one of them which
deprived a citizen of any one of these States
of Lis personal liberty or of his property was
an illegal and unauthorized act and the party
was a trespasser; and those parties who re-
fused to participate in this illegal action had
at the time and still have the right to call on
the Government for that protection against
armed violence which formed one of the great-
est inducements for the formation of govern-
ments. The Government, in the prosecution
of the war for the suppression of the rebellion,
had the right to call npon any citizen of the
United States for any property which he might
have and to take it for public use, and it mat-
tered not whether his residence was in Ten-
nessee, Ohio, Indiana, Pennsylvania, or Mas-
sachusetts. But the supreme law of the land
fixes the terms upon which this could be done.
It creates an obligation on the part of the
Government to pay to the citizen a full and
fair compensation for the property so taken ;
an obligation as binding as any that can be
entered into between man and man; an obliga-
tion the terms of which were fixed before the
Government touched the property or declared
its intention.
The conditions of the obligation were not
oral; they were not such as were fixed by an
officer or agent of the Government, in the ex-
ercise of a power which had been granted to
him, and with the right to exercise a discre-
tion. The people who framed the funda-
mental lawof this land were too tenacious npon
the subject of individual right to trust them
where there could by any possibility be achance
for their overthrow. And, therefore, the people
of this great nation fixed the conditions upon
which the public had the right to take the in-
dividual's property, and placed that condition
in the Constitution, and provided that all the
officers of this Government should be bound by
solemn oath to observe it. And tire nation is
bound by every principle of honor to discharge
the obligation. And it is in its^tature no less
binding on the honor and conscience of the
•nation than a bond issued by the Secretary of
the Treasury, under and by authority of an act
of Congress. The one the Government binds
itself to pay by an act of the legislative branch
of the Government, sanctioned by the Exec-
tive; and the liability of the Government in the
other is fixed by the Constitution, and every
officer of the Government is bound in a manner
as solemn as man knows how to bind the action
or conscience of his fellow-man ; and it becomes
the solemn duty of every member of Congress
and every officer of the Government to provide
ways and means for the purpose of discharging
these liabilities of the nation ; and every citizen
throughout the whole land who believes in
equal taxation, or who feels himself bound by
the Constitution, is bound by both principle
and honor and the great laws of justice to
see that these debts are paid.
This nation has debts of several kinds, cre-
ated in different ways and at different times.
Does that make it more incumbent on the
Government to pay one than another? Surely
not. Should there be any distinction made
between the creditors of the Republic? It
would seem that in all ordinary cases there
should not. But a case might arise where the
great merit of the case or its superior equity
might appeal to the country for an early satis-
faction of the demand, lluin might threaten
to overwhelm one creditor, while reasonable
delay upon the part of the Government in dis-
charging the debt of another would work no
permanent injury. And in deciding which of
the two would be paid and discharged first. I
presume that every man would at once decide
in favor of the payment of the debt where the
necessity of the creditor was the greatest, even
though the debts were of the same character
and of equal dignity.
Then, with a view of reaching the merit of
the different classes or kinds of the obligations
of the United States to pay to its citizens, we
will examine the origin of the different obliga-
tions.
And first we find that the nation is indebted
more than two thousand million dollars, and
that this debt had a consideration and has
assumed the shape of a settled indebtedness,
and such a shape that, contrary to the rule of
the Government, it pays interest upon it, and
not only does it pay interest but it pays it in
coin, in money better than it pays the princi-
pal of other indebtedness in, even after the
adjustment of the claim. What was the con-
sideration for which this interest-bearing debt
was created? It may be well just here to exam-
ine it and to compare the considerations for the
different classes of indebtedness, that the people
of the country may have their attention called
to the merits of these demands; and when we
look into the circumstances under which these
debts were created or contracted, we find that the
country was engaged in war; that a portion of
the people were engaged in insurrection against
the Government, and in an attempt to dissolve
and overthrow it; that their effort was not only
to withdraw and sever a part of the States from
the Union, but that they sought to establish by
armed force that each one of the States was an
independent and separate sovereignty, and that
the allegiance which its citizens owed to it was
of a higher order than the allegiance which they
owed to the Federal Union; and that a majority
of the people of a State had the right at pleasure
to withdraw from the family of States, and by
their action to force the minority within their
borders to dissolve their allegiance to the Uni-
ted States without their consent—principles
which struck at the very foundation of the en-
tire Government, and if established would have
formed a precedent which would very soon have
resulted in the entire overthrow and destruction
of the Republic, and would have established
as the foundation or underlying principle of
such new unions of States as might have been
formed such an elementthat they would scarcely
have lasted long enough to have given time for
the smoke of battle to have cleared away. It
was under circumstances of this kind that the
nation resolved to resort to force, not merely for
the purpose of preventing dismemberment, but
for the purpose of saving its very life, and to
establish in full view of the nations of the earth
that the great Republic, founded upon equal
rights and the immutable principles of justice
and equality, possessed both the will and power
to maintain its own existence as a nation.
But to carry out this resolve it was necessary
to have armies and munitions of war; it was
necessary to have iron-clad fleets; it was neces-
sary to have means of transportation of all
the known kinds. Horses and mules were re-
quired in great numbers. How was the nation
to meet all these demands? It is true that it
has the right to demand the services of each
individual over whom its jurisdiction extends
in so great a public emergency. It had a clear
right to impress men into the Army and into
the public service, and into just such ser-
vice as the exigency might demand. Some
might have been impressed and employed in
building ships of war, others in the manufac-
ture of arms, others in producing clothing for
the Army, and, in fact, every necessary in the
prosecution of the great war which was being
waged for the public good. It might have
