1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
761
impressed for the public use horses and mules
and wagons, or any other necessary supply, at
any point within the national limits, where its
rightful authority was not obstructed by those
engaged in armed rebellion against its legiti-
mate authority. But in the exercise of its dis-
cretion it did not choose to do so. Perhaps
more arms were required than could have been
manufactured in time to meet the demand
within the limits of the country, and the neces-
sity required that they should be purchased
abroad. Suppose, then, that the nation had
not possessed a dollar, what of it? It had just
the same right to have impressed for its use
every dollar in coin that was within its juris-
diction and to have, sent it abroad to have pur-
chased these arms. But is there anybody who
would have argued that if all these impress-
ments should have been made the Government
would not have been under the most solemn
obligations to have, in the language of the Con-
stitution, made to the parties just compensa-
tion? Surely not. But still, though it might
have acknowledged the indebtedness, it might,
as now seems to be so in similar cases, have
refused to provide any means by which the
parties entitled could have obtained a settle-
ment of their just demands, or it could have
made the plan of adjustment so imperfect, or
have left so much discretionary power in the
hands of its agents, that they might impose
upon the claimants such unjust and unreason-
able terms as to render it impossible for them
to establish their demands. This might be done
in many ways: one would be to require the
claimants to make proof, which would in the
very nature of things be impossible, or by a
reversal of all the well known and long estab-
lished rules of evidence. But would this be
a compliance with the provisions of the funda-
mental law of this land, according to either the
letter or spirit thereof? Surely not. Neither
would it be such action on the part of the Gov-
ernment in the discharge of its obligations to
its citizens as would be consistent with its honor
and dignity.
But the supplies in the States where the
power of the Government was not obstructed
were not impressed as it is assumed they might
have been. The people in that part of the
nation had coin; and, notwithstanding the
necessities of the Union were great and urgent
anil the rebellion struck at the very life of the
nation, when it called for a loan of the gold to
enable it to sustain its existence and offered a
fair reward for the use of it by way of interest,
those who held the treasure were slow to lend
it, and the country was forced to issue its notes,
some bearing interest and others not. These
notes were paid out for the supplies which
might have been impressed, and to the sol-
diers. But in one way or another, best known
to those who were engaged in the transaction,
the credit of the Government was so impaired
as to greatly depreciate its notes, and the neces-
sary supplies of the Army were purchased at
fabulous prices, and the pay of the private sol-
dier who was engaged in fighting the battles
of the country became so depreciated in value
that it required a month's pay to purchase
$5 50 in gold. Why and by whom was the
credit of the nation so impaired? It was not
because the soldier had lost confidence, for
the Army continued the bloody struggle; it
was not because the sailor had lost confidence,
for tiie Navy continued to hurl its broadsides
in the face of the enemy; it was not because
the great mass of the people had lost their
faith in the ability and power of the Govern-
ment to sustain itself and preserve its honor
untarnished, because they continued to fill up
the ranks, notwithstanding more than three
hundred thousand brave men perished in the
terrible struggle. It is sure that the reason
for the depreciation of the paper of the Gov-
ernment is not to be found in the action of any
of the classes I have mentioned; and I leave
the question, with the hope that the common
sense of every observing man will answer it
truly.
And I will now briefly examine the manner
in which our great bonded debt was created.
The great money interest of the country, which
had grown into power while the great mass of
the people groaned under the burdens of the
war, saw a favorable opportunity, when our
national paper had been greatly depreciated,
and then they with their gold, which had been
held in reserve waiting a favorable opportunity
for investment, came forward and kindly pur-
chased our paper at the most ruinous rates of
discount. But even then the money-holder did
not see proper to hold the Treasury notes or
greenbacks, but, with most gracious kindness,
came forward and proposed to loan the Gov-
ernment its own paper, that the soldier or
his wife or the laboring man might be paid by
the Government his just dues in this paper; but
even then it must be upon the condition that
he must have an exorbitant interest; and he
could not afford to take that in currency, but
it must be in gold. And then, unless the moneyed
interest could still have another and additional
advantage, it has been said that even the gold-
bearinginterest bonds of the Government would
be depreciated, and therefore another conces-
sion had to be made to the great money power
in the country, and they must have the liberty
of banking upon the national bonds, and the
right to circulate their notes and use them for
a profit, while they were drawing a heavy in-
terest on their bonds. And to accomplish this,
and to conciliate the money power, the bonds
most beexemptfromtaxation, and $800,000,000
of greenbacks must be withdrawn from circula-
tion to make room for the notes of the banks
thus created. The price of property of every
kind must be depreciated, but still the interest
upon these bonds must continue to be paid and
at the same rate.
It would seem that points enough had been
yielded to the moneyed power of the country,
and that it ought to be content. But power is
ever resistless and grasping in its demands;
and now it is found that this moneyed interest is
pursuing with the Government just the same
eourse that it has in all ages of the world pursued
with individuals. Now its power is so great it is
not content with the fulfillment of the contract
made between it and the Government, but
demands that, while the currency for the great
laboring classes of the country is to be paper
worth less than gold, the nation should go
even further than the contract, and must re-
deem its bonds in gold, though every move-
ment of the laboring man's muscle is to be
taxed to its utmost capacity to bear. Notwith-
standing allof these facts and the unjust and un-
reasonable demands made by this great power
in the land, I sincerely hope that the nation
will fulfill to the very letter the contract made
with these bondholders, but that nothing further
shall be yielded to their unjust demands; and
that while faith is kept with this class of cred-
itors, that other creditors of a class who are
equally meritorious, and to whom the indebt-
edness of the nation is just as clear, may not
be ignored, and with them that the national
faith shall be kept and the honor of the Gov-
ernment maintained and preserved.
In but few of the northern States was any-
thing in the way of supplies taken for the
Army by impressment. The Treasury notes
were issued and the supplies furnished by con-
tract, and paid for perhaps at the time of deliv-
ery, those who furnished them receiving a just
compensation, agreed on between them and the
Government; and in every instance, I believe,
this was so, except the supplies taken in Indi-
ana and Ohio by the national forces in pursuit
of Morgan and his raiders, and it may be that
a small amount was taken in Pennsylvania. If
a citizen in Illinois had corn or flour which
the Government had need for in suppressing
the rebellion it was purchased from him at the
market price, paid for, and transported to the
point where needed for consumption. If a cit-
izen iu Ohio had a horse, cattle, pork, or any-
thing which the Government had need for to
enable it to prosecute the war, it was, as a gen-
eral rule, purchased and paid for at the market
price. But if a citizen residing in one of the
southern States had corn, meat, a horse, mule,
wagon, or any other war material, it was im-
pressed, or, to use the phrase, it was taken by
the Army ; and if there was no great haste in
the matter he was perhaps receipted for it; but
in thousands of instances men who were as
loyal as any in the nation were stripped of
every visible article which could be of service
to the Army by marching force* and no re-
ceipt given or any other written evidence made
of the fact. Of this no loyal man will com-
plain if afterward he is put upon exactly the
same footing of other loyal men ; and if he is
not, who would say that he has not a right to
complain ? because the very first principle of
onr republican Government, the equal protec-
tion of individual rights, is violated, and he is
made to bear more of the burdens of the na-
tion than his brother who may be so fortunate
as to reside in another section of the country.
For the sake of illustration let us take the
case of Ohio and Indiana. When the Federal
troops were in pnrsuit of Morgan they covered
only a small part of those States, and, for aught
I know, on the line of their march may have
drawn their supplies of forage and rations, and
possibly horses, from the people of those States
residing along that line. Suppose, for the sake
of the argument, that this was so, and that
those people were not paid for them. Then,
would it be just that the Government should
collect taxes from these men to raise money
to pay for the horses and other supplies for the
Army purchased in sections of those States
where Morgan did not go ? No reasonable and
just man can think so. And still there is no
way in which these men can be exempt from
the payment of their ratable share of the tax;
and then they are made to bear the losses in-
flicted upon them by the rebel raiders and the
loss of supplying the national forces, as a pun-
isment for permitting the raid—a thing which
they could not help.
But the largest amount of these claims for
supplies furnished to our Army comes from
States south of those I have mentioned, and.
perhaps from no State in the Union come more
of these claims than from the State of Tennes-
see, my own State; and as I have heretofore
examined into the merits of the bonded debt
of the nation, I now propose briefly to examine
the claim; yes, the just demands of the loyal
people of Tennessee upon the Government of
the United States to be compensated for all the
supplies which any one of them furnished to
the Army, quartermaster's, commissary's, or
any other kind of supplies furnished to the
Army which was engaged in suppressing the
rebellion. It has already been asserted that
there was ample power to impress or take the
property of any individual for public use, but
that just compensation must be made therefor;
and 1 now only propose to examine the situation
and conduct of the loyal people in Tennessee
with a view of having a fair and impartial ex-
amination into the merits of their demands, and
to compare those merits with the merits of
other demands against the Government. What,
then, was the true situation of the loyal people
of Tennessee and how have they conducted
themselves during this great emergency? After
some of the southern States had proposed to
withdraw from the Union, and done all that
they could by legislative action to accomplish
it, the people in Tennessee, in February, 18til,
were callea on by their Legislature to vote as to
whether they would hold a convention to con-
sider their Federal relations, and at the same
time to vote for members to the convention.
They went to the polls at the time appointed
and by a majority of about sixty-four thousand
they elected unflinching Union men to the con-
vention.
But such was their attachment, such their
love and devotion for the Government of their
futhers, that notwithstanding they had the most
entire confidence in the truth and fidelity of the
men they had elected, to the Union, still they
were not willing to clothe any man living with
the right or the power to disturb their relati«n:i
with the Union of States. Such was their
