1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
763
tbey have not been paid for; still these people
pay their ratable share of taxes to the Govern- I
ment, even though they are so enormous upon
one of their great staples that they -will have
entirely to abandon its cultivation. They have
earnestly believed that the Government to
which they have been so devoted would be
just, and so believing they have steadily gone
forward, until to-day they are the advance-
guard in the grand march of progress.
And now I invite the serious attention of this
House to the consideration of the rights of this
people, and their just demands against the Gov-
ernment. And I believe it will fully concur
with me in the opinion that the claims of all
loyal citizens for supplies furnished the Army,
let them reside where they may within the ter-
ritorial limitsof the United States, are just and
legal demands of equal grade and dignity with
any other class of demands or dues against the
United States, and that it is just as incumbent
upon the nation to pay them as it is any other
demand. It will be remembered that not one
word has been said about the claims of those
who were disloyal to the Government during
the war. No such thing is insisted upon. But
the demand is made for the payment of the
loyal claimants of Tennessee upon the distinct
ground that it is just, and that the honor and
integrity of the nation demand it. I am op-
posed to repudiation, let it come from whatso-
ever quarter it may, or whenever, or in any and
all its varied shapes and disguises; but while
there is so much vigilance upon the part of this
House to guard against it, so far as the payment
of the bonds of the Government is concerned,
let it be distinctly borne in mind and fully
realized by every member of this body that
the payments of the bonds issued by the Gov-
ernment is not the only legal and binding obli-
gation upon the nation to pay money, and that
the refusal to pay the loyal men their just and
legal demands against the Government, or to
provide alt the necessary ways and means by
which they can be paid, is just as much repu-
diation as it would be to refuse to pay a bond
of the United States, or to provide the ways
and means to do so, and that the one would
inflict upon the national character just as deep
a wound and as dark a stain as the other;
and the precedent would be dangerous in the
extreme.
What has been done by Congress to provide
for the payment of these claims? An act was
passed and approved on the 4th of July, 1864,
which is as follows:
"An Act to restrict the jurisdiction of the Court of
Claims, and to provide lor the payment of certain
demands Cor quartermasters' stores and subsistence
supplies furnished to the Army of the United States.
" Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled. That the jurisdiction of the Court of
Claims shall not extend to or include any claim
against the United States growingout of tho destruc-
tion or appropriation of, or darnago to. property by
the Army or Navy, or any part of the Army or Navy,
engaged in the suppression of the rebellion, from the
commencement to the close thereof.
"Sue. 2. Andbcit further enacted, Thatall claims of
loyal citizens in States not in rebellion, for quarter-
masters' stores actually furnished to the Army of the
United States, and receipted ior by the proper officer
receiving the same, or which may have been taken
by such officers without giving such receipt, may be
submitted to the Quartermaster General of the Uni-
ted States, accompanied with such proofs as each
claimant can present of the facts in his case; and it
shall be the duty of the Quartermaster General to
cause such claim to be examined, and if convinced
that it is just, and of the loyalty ot the claimant, and
that the stores have been actually received or taken
for the use of and used by said Army, then to report
each case to the Third Auditor of the Treasury, with
a recommendation for settlement.
" Sec. 3. Andbe it further enacted. That all claims of
loyal citizens in States not in rebellion, tor subsist-
ence actually furnished to said Army, and receipted
for by the proper officer receiving the same, orwhich
may have been taken by such officers without giving
such rceeipt, may be submitted to the Commissary
General of Subsistence, accompanied with such proof
as each claimant may have tooffor; and it shall be
the duty of the Commissary General of Subsistence
to cause each claim to be examined, and if convinced
that it is just, and of the loyalty of the claimant,
and that the stores have been received or taken
actually for the use of and used by said Army, 'hen
to report each case for payment to the Third Auditor
of the Treasury, with a recommendation for .settle-
ment."
The first section of this act limits and restricts
the jurisdiction of the Conrt of Claims so that
it cannot take jurisdiction of any claim against
the United States growing out of the destruc-
tion or appropriation of or damage to property
by any part of the Army or Navy from the com-
mencement to the close of the war, and effect-
ually prevents any judicial investigation having
for its object to ascertain or establish the legal
liability of the United States in such cases; and
I submit the question whether or not such a
course can be regarded as proper or just upon
the part of agt eat nation, which was established
for the purpose of protecting the rights of the
individuals wlio compose it, and who had been
so careful as to provide in the supreme law of
the land that private property should not be
taken for public use except upon just compen-
sation. This is not only a failure to provide
the ways and means within the power of the
nation, but it was intended to limit such as
were in existence.
The second section is rathermore liberal, but
far from such an act as should have emanated
from the legislative power of so great a nation
as this. By its provisions it is limited in its
operation to the loyal States and to the loyal
citizens of those States, and provides that the
parties may produce such proof of facts in regard
to the taking of their property and their loy-
alty, and the Quartermaster General shall cause
such claim to be examined, and if convinced
that it is just, and of the loyalty of the claim-
ant, and that the property was taken for the
use and actually used by the Army, then to
report the case to the Third Auditor, with a
recommendation for a settlement. Just here I
will put a plain question. How and by what
process or what character of evidence is the
citizen to establish to the satisfaction of the
officer that the property was taken for and
used by the Army ? Hem ight be able to estab-
lish by the testimony of his neighbors that it
was carried to the Armv; but I apprehend
that it would be totally impossible for him to
prove by direct testimony what portion of it
was used by the Army ; but he must still prove,
: in addition to this, how it was used. I had
supposed until very recently that the Congress
1 of the UnitedStates was the law-making power
of this Government, and when it, by an act,
provided that a citizen upon making proof of
any state of facts, and failed to provide for the
j particular character of proof that was to be
made, that then the ordinary rules of evidence
in use in the courts of the country, sanctioned by
law and long usage, would govern and control in
I such cases. But in this 1 find, by reference to a
circular issued from the Quartermaster Gen-
■ eral's office on May 29, 1867, that I was won-
' derfully mistaken.
In all ordinary cases it is enough to trace the
property to the hands of the party sought to be
charged, and then it would be his duty to show
such a state of facts as would relieve him from
the responsibility. But not so, according to
this circular. Before this officer can be con-
vinced, under this act of July, 1804, the claim-
ant must first show that he was loyal. I have
no complaint to make to that; but let the proof
be taken openly and boldly and upon due
i notice to the opposite party, and for the sake
of justice let the party have the right to cross-
examine the witness who is to prove him dis-
loyal.
2. He must prove that the property was taken
! by proper authority to supply a legitimate want
i of the Army, and was so used ; and that the
property was applied to a proper and necessary
j uso. 1 have already shown that it was wholly
! impossible for the citizen to show how theprop-
] erty was applied or used by the Army, but the
t claimant must even do more than this, accord-
ing to the requirements of this circular. He
; -must prove that the supplies were necessary for
I the Army; the Army made no written reports
to the citizens of its necessities.
1 But this is notall that he is required to prove;
he must prove, by the property returns, or, in the
absence of this evidence, by the affidavits of the
1 officers who ordered the appropriation or took
1 charge of the property, the facts necessary to
establish his demand. Can it be possible that
any man of ordinary experience and bus'.-less
capacity should fail to see how utterly impossible
it would be for any man to establish his demands
under such a rule as this? How, in the first place,
was the citizen to know, who in a great army is-
sued the particular order under which his prop-
erty was taken ? how could he tell or know to
which corps or division, brigade, regiment, or
company it was carried? how is he to know
whether his grain was used for forage or rations
for the men? how could he tell to what particu-
lar company his particular forage or rations
were issued? and if he should chance to know
and be able to prove these facts, then how could
he establish the fact that it was necessary that
the Army should have had it ? For the sake of
the illustration let us suppose a case, and we will
take as the illustration the army of Generals
Burnside or Sherman marching through Ten-
nessee and supplying its wants from the coun-
try, and that $500 worth of supplies, forage,
and rations, horses, cattle, wagons, &c., were
taken from the house of a.man who was hun-
dreds of miles away in the Federal Army, and
upon his return he finds himself reduced so low
that his family is almost at the point of starva-
tion, a wife and from four to six children stand-
ing around him pressed by want. Would it
not be interesting to see him start out to find
the man who issued the order or the officer
who took charge of the property; and then to
prove the necessity for it, and that it was ac-
tually eaten or used in the Army; and then to
find the man who could identify him as the
owner, and it would seem that that individual
I must be an officer? The whole thing is pre-
i posterous and absurd in the extreme; and I
cannot see how any man could have penned
i such instructions as are contained in this cir-
1 oular without discovering the fact that it would
be totally impossible to obtain justice by such a
course. Why was it found necessary to insert
the following paragraph?
, "The loose allegations of late officers, in general
terms, that 'to their certain knowledge a large
amount of property was taken from claimant for the
use and used by the Army, by order of its officers,
in the absence of statements of facts within their
knovvledgo showing by orders of what officers, and in
what amount, or for what purpose, the property was
taken and used, cannot be regarded as expressing
more than opinions ©r impressions, and cannot be
admitted to establish a claim of this character."
Suppose that this paragraph be strictly ap-
plied to any claim other than one where there
was a regular purchase by a quartermaster
and an issue to a commissary, and then, if
!' the issue was to a regimental officer, I venture
that there is not an officer in the Army who
could say truthfully that he, of his own knowl-
edge, could say whether the property was used
by the troops and in what way, and that it was
necessary; and if I was disposed to speculate
I could assume, as this circular does, that the
stores might have been captured, might
have been burned, might have been stolen
from the camp, might have been disposed of
by the men in many ways too numerous to
specify. If it was the intention of Congress
not to pay these just demands then this is a
splendid arrangement to avoid it, and at the
same time to create the impression for a time
that it was the intention to pay. But if it was
the intention to pay, then the intention of the
I legislative branch of the Government has been
j almost entirely defeated by the action of its
1 officers. No doubt it is very commendable in
i an officer to take care of the money intrusted
[ to his care, but when that is done-by withhold-
ing from the citizen that which the Government
justly owes him it amounts to a frandnpon the
citizen, and nobody would doubt but it is a
serious offense to defraud the Government, but
surely it is worse for it to defraud the citizen.
When payment is demanded for these claim-
ants the almost invariable answer is that their
payment would bankrupt the nation. What
would be thought of an individual if, when he
! should be called on to pay for the property
, which he had received from his neighbor and
used, he should answer that to pay for it would
; bankrupt him. and that he would use his im-
