766
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 27,
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as iu Committee ofthe Whole, resumed the con-
sideration of the bill (S. No. 24<>) to remove
political disabilities from Robert M. Patton, of
Alabama.
Mr. STEWART. I will state in regard to
this case that it is recommended by General
Pope, General Swayne, and thirty-seven mem-
bers of the constitutional convention of Ala-
bama, together with a large number of Union
citizens, that the disabilities of Governor Pat-
ton be removed. Inasmuch as the question
was pointedly asked the other day what Robert
M. Patton has done to entitle him to this con-
sideration, I ask for the reading of an extract
from a letter by General Pope to General Grant,
dated October 1, 1807. It was not written
with reference to the removal of disabilities,
but simply to report the condition of affairs
there, and in that letter is an extract referring
to Governor Patton's case, which I send to the
desk and ask to have read.
The Secretary read as follows:
[Extract.]
Headquarters Third Military District,
(Georgia, Alabama, and Florida,)
Atlanta, Georgia, October 1, 1867.
General : I am specially indebted to Governor R.
M. Patton, of Alabama, for tlio cordial support and
assistance he has given me in the execution of my
duties.
Deeply concerned in the welfare and devoted to
the interests of the people of Alabama, he has been
willing to lay aside alt feeling of personal unpleas-
antness on account of the unexpected and of course
distasteful relations iu which the reconstruction acts
have placed him with the military authorities of this
district, and has been anxious, if he could not do all
he wished for the benefit of the people of Alabama,
who had confided their interests to uis hands, to do
all he could.
In this spirit he has met me, and I am glad to say
that I have derived great benefit from his experi-
ence :ind assistance in the affairs of Alabama.
I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient
servant, JOHN POPE,
Brevet Major General United States Army,
{'owiitawliny.
U. R. Grant, General-in-Chief United States Army,
Washington, 1). C.
Mr. STEWART. That is a condensed state-
ment of the geueral testimony in this case.
There are a large number of letters and papers,
and they all concur in awarding to Governor
Patton a great deal of praise for the manner in
which he has conducted tho duties of the very
responsible and very delicate position he has
occupied.
Mr. HOWARD. The Senator will allow me
to ask him to state whether Mr. Patton has
occupied any public position in the State of
Alabama?
Mr. STEWART. He has been Governor of
the State during these troubles—during the
whole progress of reconstruction; and both
General Pope and General Swayne have been
in constant communication with him, and they
both accord to him much praise for assisting
them in carrying into execution the recon-
struction laws. Although those acts imposed
disabilities upon him, he has disregarded that
fact and advocated their adoption, and coop-
erated, as General Pope and General Swayne
both bear testimony, in carrying them into
effect. He was the only southern Governor
who recommended the adoption of the consti-
tutional amendment proposed by the Thirty-
Ninth Congress. The Committee on the Ju-
diciary, to whom this matter was referred,
thought that here was a very clear case: that
if we were to have any action upon any such
cases we had better take the sense of Congress
upon the case of a man in prominent position,
who had, notwithstanding the fact that dis-
abilities were imposed upon him, aided in re-
construction—aided in carrying into execution
the laws of Congress. It does seem to me that
it is one of those cases contemplated where we
should remove the disabilities which we have
imposed upon Robert M. Patton.
Mr. HOWARD. Is the Senator from Nevada
able to inform the Senate whether Mr. Patton
took any partin the rebellion against the Gov-
ernment?
Mr. STEWART. He did take a partin such
a manner as disqualifies him from taking the
oath. As I understand, he was originally a
Union man, but engagpd in the rebellion,
although rather reluctantly, in some civil
capacity, to such an extent that, he is disqual-
ified from taking the oath, and consequently
disabilities attach to him.
Mr. HOWARD. I suppose he participated
in the rebellion, and rendered it aid and com-
fort in some way so as to exclude him under
onr law.
Mr. STEWART. He was not an active man
in the rebellion, as I understand. He occu-
pied some civil position. I do not know what
position he occupied during the rebellion, but
lie held some office not in the military service.
I did know the particulars of that, but they
have escaped my memory. I have been rather
investigating what he did since the rebellion.
Mr. POMEROY. I hope that this bill will
pass, and there are very many cases of the
kind that I think ought to be relieved. I do
not know what reason we can assign for con-
tinuing disabilities upon persons who are now
willing to unite with our friends in the system
of reconstruction that we have provided. It
does not make so much difference what a man
did in the past; if he is willing now to come
forward and utiite with ns upon onr plan and
method of reconstruction, act cordially with
our friends in the conventions, and agree to
reconstruct upon the basis we have laid down,
why should we not relieve disabilities? Why
should we want to eutail disabilities on per-
sons who are willing to cooperate with as now
and for all time to come? This, of course, is
a very strong case, but there are many others
lying back of it, and I am for removing disa-
bilities whenever the parties evince a disposi-
tion in good faith to cooperate in the recon-
struction of their State governments upon the
plan laid down by Congress.
Mr. HOWARD. I shall support this bill
very cheerfully. I understand that Mr. Patton
lias shown his faith by his works and that lie
has in good faith cooperated with the friends
of the Government in the State of Alabama,
with a view to reestablish civil government
there upon the basis of the reconstruction acts
of Congress. I am ready at all times when a
case of this kind presents itself to the Senate
to relieve the party from the disability now
resting upon him ; but I shall expect, or rather
I shall insist, so far as I can in all cases of this
k-ind, upon proof to the Senate that the party
has really shown his faith by his works; in
short, that he has done works meet for repent-
ance. It is no punishment, it is no hardship
to exact of parties making such applications
evidence that they are, at present at least, in
fact true to the Government and are willing to
cooperate in the plan of reconstruction which
has been enacted by Congress. I hope that
there are many more cases of this kind in the
rebel States; I trust there are; and I believe
that if Congress shall manifest its purpose in
this form clearly and distinctly to the people of
the rebel States we shall multiply, vastly mul-
tiply, the number of our friends and supporters
in those States.
Mr. DRAKE. I very reluctantly feel con-
strained to differ from the honorable Senator
from Michigan on this subject. I cannot vote
for this bill now, for the simple reason that
the time has not, in iny judgment, yet arrived
when you can judge of the sincerity of any
rebel's repentance by his works. I do not
think that time will have arrived until after
the work of reconstruction shall have been
finished. It is a very easy thing for rebels
now, prior to the work of reconstruction, to
make these manifestations in order to reinstate
their political privileges in the reconstructed
States and then to turn and leave us the
moment they have got into that position. I
cannot consent for one, knowing rebels as I
do, to vote at this period in the history of the
country for any relief to any individual who
lies at present under the disfranchisement
which our laws prescribe.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I interposed the other
morning an objection to action upon this bill
when it was first called up by the Senator from
Nevada, and I then submitted some consider-
ations as they occurred to me upon the spur
ofthe moment in regard to the policy of enter-
ing upon this kind of legislation. Subsequent
reflection has confirmed in my mind the objec-
tions which I then held.
Now, sir, if we are to take up by separate
bills each individual case in the southern coun-
try where merit can be alleged for dispensing
with the disabilities imposed by the reconstruc-
tion laws, we shall have a very large amount
of business thrown upon us, which, in my
opinion, does not belong to the legislative
department of the Government. We shall be
subjected to great inconvenience in attempting
to exercise this novel power. Why, sir, each
of these cases as they come to us, and their
name may be legion—doubtless they will be
very numerous—will have to be examined by
our committees, and the time and energies of
gentlemen who are members of those com-
mittees will be absorbed in this business.
I think the proper manner in which the
Legislature should act with reference to former
laws is, either to repeal them outright if their
operation is found to be inconvenient or disas-
trous, or to amend and mitigate them in those
respects in which they are found to operate
badly, and as the particular classes of persons
who may be hardly affected by them, relief
ought to be extended by some general provis-
ion. We ought to have a supplemental act
providing that individuals falling within a given
description, individuals of a certain class,
should no longer be subject to the operation
of the former law. What I object to is the
taking up of individual cases and acting upon
them by Congress—an inconvenient and, in
my opinion, an improper jurisdiction for us to
exercise.
By the fourteenth proposed amendment to the
the Constitution it was provided that disability
imposed by the third section might be removed
by Congress. I believe that is the only pro-
vision inviting the introduction of such a meas-
ure as this to be found anywhere in the Con-
stitution or laws of this country. That law
reads:
"But Congress may by a vote of two thirds of each
House remove such disabilities."
There was a special provision applicable to
this class of cases proposed by Congress for
the adoption of the States as a fundamental
rule, that those described in that constitutional
amendment who were disfranchised from hold-
ing office under the United States or under
their respective States might have their po-
litical capacity restored to them by an act of
Congress, which should be passed by a two-
thirds vote of each House. There was a policy
proclaimed by Congress that was sent out to
the people of the country. It is yet pending
before the Legislatures of the several States for
their adoption. That is the plan of action on
thissubject to which Congress committed itself.
Now, however, the Senator from Nevada in-
troduces a bill here and proposes to pass it
through both Houses by a mere majority vote
of each House, which shall take effect as to
one person in the southern country, abandon-
ing altogether the arrangement which was es-
tablished by the proposed constitutional amend-
ment, about the adoption of which I believe
gentlemen differ. Some think it is already
adopted, while others hold that it has not. been.
Now, sir, if Congress are to exercise the
jurisdiction proposed in this case; if they are
to exercise a dispensing power, relieving par-
ticular individuals by name from the operation
of general laws which apply to all the rest of
the people in the United States, it ought cer-
tainly to be done under some such rule as that
proposed in the constitutional amendment; it
ougntto be a two-third vote, so that we should
be certain beforehand that the decision of Con-
gress was not dictated by partiality, by favor-
itism to particular individuals ; that they were
not misled by any influence which disturb that
sober and sedate judgment which ought to be
exerted in all cases by Congress where indi-
