768
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 27,
an affair when the first was not satisfactory.
The most inferior Government upou the Med-
iterranean or any of the inland seas of Europe
is sure to make an exhibition that will eclipse
anything we can afford to send from our shores.
I regard it, therefore, as the part of prudence
for us not to engage in a competition of this
kind. If we should get up some exhibition of
this sort at New York we should then be able
to take other people at a disadvantage, as they
now take ns, and we could make a show there
which they would find it hard to beat: but at
the present moment we are not ready, the place
and time are inconvenient, and I am utterly op-
posed to making or attempting to make any
exhibition of our commercial marine at Havre.
Mr. CONN ESS. It is very evident that a
continuation of either of these subjects now
will, so to speak, waste the day. I call, there-
fore, tor the order of the day, which I under-
stand is the motion that was pending when the
Senator from Massachusetts [Mr. Wilson]
took the floor for one o'clock to-day.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That is
not the order of the day. The order of the
day is the unfinished business of the last sitting
of the Senate, which ia the resolution men-
tioned by the Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Sumner.] That iutervefeed between the post-
ponement of the other motion and the adjourn-
ment. ond is therefore the unfinished business
of the last sitting.
Mr. CONNESS. Then I hope we shall
come to a vote.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope we shall have a
vote.
Mr. STEWART. The proposition of the
Senator from Massachusetts has already had
fifteen minutes. If the Senate will allow the
other proposition to hare the same length of
time it can be passed.
Mr. CONNESS. Let us vote on the motion
of the Senator from Illinois.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Illinois moves that the order of the
day be passed over for the purpose of continu-
ing the consideration of Senate bill No. 246.
Mr. TRUMBULL. My motion was to post-
pone it, and on that motion I will say a word.
1 was cut off in my remarks before by the
appeal of Senators around me not to discuss
the proposition, but to let the vote be taken. I
was disposed to acquiesce; but the moment I
eat down the Senator from Massachusetts rose !
and said that I had given no reason against our !
participating in this municipal exposition that '<
is to be got up at Havre. I had not got through
with my remarks. I have reasons against it.
In the first place it is a mere municipal affair,
got up by a city in France, that I suppose
thinks it will be benefited by it, and it has
appealed to the emperor and empress to give
it their countenance, just as I suppose in this I
country, if an exhibition was got up at Bostou,
the originators of it would send an invitation |
to the President of the United States and ask
him to open it and give it his countenance. It
is a municipal affair—to do what? To exhibit
over again the trinkets they had at Paris. That j
is what Prussia proposes to do j that is what ,:
the other Governments have promised—that i
they will bring there the things that they had
at the Paris exhibition. j;
The Senator says it is entirely commercial, i
I do not know what he means by the term
"commercial." It is agricultural. There is
an agricultural department there, and goods
are to be exhibited.
Mr. SUMNER. Aqui-culture; culture of
water, not of land.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The twenty-foarth class
is "textiles: cotton, flax, hemp, Ac., wools,
horse-hair." The twenty-fifth class is "colo-
nial goods for consumption; home produce,
(similar.") The twenty-sixth class is "corn."
Is not that an agricultural article, or is that
something else? Is corn "aqui-cultural" ac-
cording to the Senator from Massachusetts?
The twenty-seventh class is "dyeing and chem-
ical produce." The twenty-eighth class is
"greasy and oily substances." The twenty-
ninth class is " woods, wrought or unwrought
and the thirtieth class is '' all kindsof metals."
The Senator assumes that no expense is to
be incurred ; but what did he tell us the other
day was the object of this very simple propo-
sition, which was to pass without any opposi-
tion, to which nobody would object 1 What
is this "simple" proposition?
"The simple ohjeet of this resolution is to carry
out   susrsrostion from tho Department of State, that
wo should in some way have some agont or repre-
sentative at Havre
who can do what?
"who can look after the intorests of our exhibitors,
ami do for tliom what the commissioners of other
Governments will do forthe exhibitors of their coun-
tries respectively."
That is not to cost anything, I suppose! I
find in this document a list of prices similar to
what we find at resturants, specifying what each
dish will cost. Here are put down the expenses
of asuperficial yard inside ofthe galleries costing
twenty-five francs, a superficial half-yard fifteen
francs. It seems we are to do the same things
that other Governments do. It is very likely
other Governments may do as they did at
Paris, put up buildings for the convenience of
their exhibitors. It is evident that we are to
launch into a system of expenditure for the
benefit of an exhibition that is to be got up at
Havre, I presume instigated or originating in
a desire to give some importance to that town.
It really seems to me we should have nothing
to do with it, and I am quite sure if we do
have anything to do with it, unless the reso-
lution be amended, we shall find it attended
with very considerable expense.
Mr. STEWART. Inasmuch as the time
that was accorded by the Senator from Massa-
chusetts, who is regularly entitled to the floor,
[Mr. Wilson,] is now pretty much used up,
move that both these matters be postponed
nntil to-morrow, so that he may proceed with
his remarks.
Mr. CONNESS. I move that the pending
business be laid on the table.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope the Senator will not
make his motion in any such form.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The mo-
tion is not debatable.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope the Senator will not
make his motion in that form.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Cal-
ifornia, to lie on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a report from the Secretary of War,
communicating, in compliance with a resolution
of the Senate of March 11, 1867, information
in relation to the cost of opening for first class
steamboat navigation bayou Manchac, Annite
river, and lakes Mawrepas and Pouchartrain ;
which was referred to the Committee on Com-
merce, and ordered to be printed. i
He also laid before the Senate a letter from
the Secretary of the Interior, transmitting a
communication from the Commissioner of In-
dian Affairs, aud a letter from the agent in
charge of the Quapaw Indians, in relation to
the suffering condition of those Indians, and
recommending the passage of an act authoriz-
ing the diversion of the sum appropriated for
that tribe, to be used in purchasing subsistence,
clothing, and other articles necessary for their
relief; which was referred to the Committee on
Indian Affairs.
He also laid before the Senate a letter of the
Secretary of the Interior, transmitting a com-
munication from the Commissioner of Indian
Affairs, requesting the immediate considera-
tion by Congress of the items embraced in an
accompanying "statement," with a view to an
appropriation of the amounts thereof, in ad-
vance of the general appropriation bill, to carry
out treaty stipulations with various Indian
tribes; which was referred to the Committee
on Indian Affairs.
MESSAGE FROM TllE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPhekson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed a bill (H. R. No.
204) to prevent the payment of certain claims,
in which the concurrence of t'no Senate was
requested.
SUPPLEMENTARY RECONSTRUCTION BILL.
Mr. CONNESS. I now move that the Sen-
ate proceed with the consideration of the
so-called reconstruction bill and the pending
motion in regard to it.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. It.
No. 4;!!)) additional and supplementary to an
act entitled "An act to provide for the more
efficient government of the rebel States,"
passed March 2, 1867, and to the acts supple-
mentary thereto, the pending question being
on the motion of Mr. Doolittle, to refer the
bill to the Committee on the Judiciary with
the instructions proposed by him.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, when the hon-
orable Senator from Wisconsin, in the morn-
ing hour of Thursday last, submitted his mo-
tion to instruct the Committee on the Judiciary
1 to report the reconstruction bill with a pro-
vision which would enable the rebels to defeat
the new constitutions of the States lately in
' rebellion, I rose to ask him to postpone the
I delivery of his speech until after the close of
j the morning hour. The Senator petulantly re-
fused to be interrupted, and precipitated the
i Senate into the debate upon the reference of
the pending bill. When I sought to postpone
the debate for an hour I was not aware that it
had been announced, perhaps authoritatively,
that the honorable Senator was to deliver on
that day "the greatest speech of his senatorial
career, embracing a thorough exposition ofthe
policy of the Administration, and laying out
the platform of the conservative party in the
next presidential campaign." Had I known
that it was expected that the Senator would
that day deliver the greatest effort of his sen-
atorial career, which he had been several weeks
in preparing, I could not have been so unkind
as to have interposed an objection. I there-
fore ask the honorable Senator's pardon, and
perhaps I ought to ask the pardon of the Sen-
ate for attempting to keep from them, even for
a few moments, this exposition of the policy of
the Administration and the platform on which
conservatism is expected to stand in the im-
pending presidential contest.
Thirteen years ago I took my seat in the
Senate of the United States. These thirteen
years have been crowded and eventful years.
The Senate Chamber has been the theater of
agigantic struggle between the representatives
of a brutal and degrading barbarism and a
humane and Christian civilization. Words
have been uttered and deeds have been wrought
on the one side that will live in the memories
of mankind, and words have been uttered and
deeds wrought on the other that will blacken
the pages that bear them down to after gener-
ations. During these years this Chamber has
rang with fiery menaces of disunion, passion-
ate threatenings of civil war, and vehement
and wicked appeals to the darkest passions of
human nature. I have listened to the utter-
ances of the dominating Davis, the blustering
Toombs, the pompous Mason, the unscrupu-
lous Slidell, the insincere Benjamin, the plaus-
ible Breckinridge, and their compeers in crimes
against country, against liberty, against justice
and humanity. But I remember no words of
theirs more unpatriotic, more false to the rights
of struggling humanity, or more wicked than
the scope and spirit of the speech of the hon-
orable Senator from Wisconsin. I listened
attentively, sir, to the speech of the honorable
Senator from Wisconsin in support of his prop-
osition to prevent the rebel States from being
restored to their practical relations to the
Union according to the existing laws of the
land. As I listened to that Senator's arraign-
ment of the men from whose ranks he has
broken, his reproachful utterances against the
millions we have made free, and his exposition
of the purposes ofthe reactionary politicians he
