THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
769
now assumes to lead, I could not but indulge
the hope that whatever punishments (rod in
Hi< providence mnv mete out to this nation he
will 'iot :isr:iin intlict upon us tor centuries to
e line a President who shall abandon the prin-
ciple* ami betray the party that shall clothe
him with executive power. The treachery of
President John>on. hy seducing the weak and
corrupting the pliant, has wrought a work of
demoralization in the public affairs of the
tountry the effects of which will be felt by the
nation long after the public men of this gener-
ation have passed away.
J'he Senator from Wisconsin demands the
immediate abandonment of the well-settled
policy of reconstruction. The congressional
policy of restoration is almost an accomplished
fact. Nine States, by majorities amounting
to nearly a half million votes, have chosen
conventions to revise their constitutions. The
convention of Alabama have framed a consti-
tution, and it will be adopted early next week
by an overwhelming popular majority. The
conventions of eight States are now in session,
and within thirty days they will present to the
people constitutions modeled upon the consti-
tutions of the most enlightened commonwealths.
On the 10th of February distant Texas elects
delegates to a convention, and recent intelli-
gence leads us to hope that this the most doubt-
ful of the States will accept the plan of restora-
tion submitted to it by the laws of the land.
Ihe Senator from Wisconsin, in the interest of
unrepentant rebels, now proposes, in face of
the wonderful success of the policy of recon-
struction—a success no man in this Chamber
foresaw or hoped for on the 2d of March when
the bill was finally enacted—to strike the bal-
lot from the hands of half a million patriotic
black men and empower their late masters to
defeat constitutions that secure equality of
rights and privileges.
The Senator from Wisconsin has no word of
cheer to give, no helping hand to extend to
six hundred thousand black men and a quarter
of a million white men who are struggling in
the States of the rebellion to bring those rec-
reant Commonwealths back into these Cham-
bers with constitntions embodying the spirit of
loyalty, liberty, and justice. Nothing is clear
to the vision of that Senator but negro suprem-
acy. an army of despotism, arising empire, im-
pending civil strife, and a war of races. Pa-
triotism sees with clear vision the President's
ephemeral creations from the Potomac to the
Rio Grande passing away: lawlessness, disor-
der, and brutality vanishing, and regenerated
Commonwealths and law and order and liberty
slowly bat surely rising in the ascendancy. The
Senator talks wildly about despotism and of
forcing negro suffrage with the bayonet of the
regular Army. Does the Senator know that
for more than twenty months lawlessness, dis-
order, violence ran riot; that white loyalty was
oppressed, degraded, and insulted; that black
loyalty was wronged, outraged, and murdered,
and that for all these wrongs, outrages, and
murders no white man was brought to execu-
tion ? Does he not know that when the recon-
struction act of the 2d of March last become
the law of the land it gave peace, order, and
protection to that section of the country ? Does
he not know that under the protection of the
Army he now assails the people of those States
have enjoyed during the past ten months a
degree of' liberty, of order, of law, and of per-
sonal security such as they have not possessed
for the past thirty years? Thought and speech
and the press have been free. Under the pro-
tection of that law patriotic and liberty-loving
men have for the first time during the last gen-
eration breathed out their feelings, sentiments,
and opinions in that section of the country.
Protected by the law, by the bayonets of the
Army and the ballots in the hands of more ,
than six hundred thousand freedmen the great
questions of restoration, of civil rights, of polit-
ical rights and privileges, of education, of ma-
terial development have been discussed on every J
square mile of rebel soil. Heart, conscience, :
40th Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 49.
and reason have been addressed in tones as
earnest as ever issued from human lips; sad
hearts have been lightened and darkened intel-
lects instructed, atid the fruits are ripening be-
fore the eyes of the nation. The nine consti-
tutional conventions, in all of which there are
some black men, are conducting their deliber-
ations in a manner that should win the respect
if not the admiration of the country. There
may not be Madisons and Marshalls in those
conventions, they may not have the learned
and elaborate discussion that distinguished
other conventions in the olden time, but these
plain, unlettered men, patriotic, liberty-loving,
and just, are borro .ving and incorporating into
their constitutions all that is great and grand
and glorious in the constitutions of the most
liberal and enlightened States. They will give
those ten southern States constitutions more
liberal, humane, and just than those common-
wealths ever knew.
Sir, the eminent men who made the consti-
tutions of those southern States in the early
days of the Republic, could they return to
earth, might bow in profound reverence before
the sense of justice, the love of liberty, and the
spirit of liberality manifested by the members
of those conventions. Within thirty days the
constitutions of those States will be before the
people for their adoption, and the Senator from
Wisconsin and the Administration for which
he speaks know it. Those constitutions will
be republican in spirit as well as in form, and
the Senator and the Administration expect
them to be so. Is it because these constitutions,
framed by loyal men. will breathe the spirit
of patriotism, of liberty, and of justice that the
Senator, backed by the Administration and the
Democracy, now proposes to defeat the final
consummation of a work so glorious ? Sir, I
say to the Senator from Wisconsin that if he
and his associates in these Halls, if the Presi-
dent of the United States, if the judges of the
Supreme Court, will let alone the laws of the
land, reconstruction in ninety days will be an
achieved success. Why, sir, in the name of
our rent, torn, and bleeding land, will not the
Senator from Wisconsin and the President of
the United States allow the loyal people of
those States to accomplish the work we have
committed to them? Why does he propose to
smite down half a million of loyal men and
allow the traitors, the unrepentant rebels, the
men who stand before the Christian world to-
day the champions of the inhuman, unchris-
tian, and barbarizing sentiments of the past to
vote down constitutions framed to secure equal
civil and political rights and privileges?
Sir, I now charge that this proposition made
by the Senator is an unpatriotic proposition ;
that it is a proposition to keep those States out
of the Union, to keep their representatives out
of these Chambers, and to keep those States in
the hands of men who mourn over the lost cause
and regret nothing but its defeat. Sir, I now
charge that this proposition made by the Sen-
ator is a movement against the rights of work-
ing men. Will it not be a sickening sight when
the Senator from Wisconsin, the champion of
the Administration, and his Democratic asso-
ciates stand up here in face of the laboring men
of the country, the landless working men, who
fought our battles, and put the brand of degra-
dation upon the brow of toiling men ? Can
they degrade black working men without dis-
honoring white laboring men? Has it not
been true that whenever the black laboring
man was smitten the white working man felt
the blow? Sir, I tell the Senator from Wis-
consin, I tell President Johnson, I tell their
Democratic, conservative, aristocratic support-
ers, that the man who would degrade the black
laboring man would, if lie had the power, put
the brand of degradation upon the brow of the
white laboring man.
If there be a man in the United States who
needs the ballot for the protection of his man-
hood, hiu rights, and privileges as an American
citizen, that man is the poor, landless working
man. It matters not whether he be a white
man or a black man, the possession of the
ballot increases his sense of self-respect, aug-
ments his power, and wins the consideration
ol_ others.^ Sir, I appeal to the toiling men
ot the United States to mark this proposition
to take the ballot from at least six hundred
thousand working men unless they are the pos-
sessors of freeholds to the value of §250. If
the white working men of the United States
are true to themselves, to the spirit of our
republican institutions, they will see to it that
this reactionary policy, which is the policy of
the Administration and the platform of blind
and unreasoning conservatism, shall be marked
and branded with their sternest condemnation.
Sir, I welcome the contest here inaugurated
by the champion of the Administration and
the leader of the Conservatives. Standing
upon the basis of eternal right, of liberty for
all and of justice to all, we will join issue with
gentlemen who fight under the banner 011 which
is inscribed freehold qualifications for landless
working men.
The honorable Senator from Wisconsin ques-
tioned the patriotism of the black men of the
South during the rebellion. He did not assert
that they were disloyal, but he told us they did
the work of disloyalty. Sir, I heard these
observations of the Senator, who was once
with us, if not of us, with profound regret.
Because the black men did not raise the ban-
ners of insurrection, did not inaugurate a war
of races, did not redden their hands in the
blood of women and children, and thus bring
destruction upon themselves and danger to the
cause of loyal America, the Senator from Wis-
consin questions their loyalty to the country.
Can anything be more unjust, more cruel? In
the lights that flash upon us from four yeilrs of
civil war the loyalty of the black men of the
rebel States is clear to the comprehension of
intelligent patriotism. The unvarying testi-
mony of our military commanders and of our
soldiers is that the black men of the South
welcomed and cheered the old flag whenever
and wherever it appeared among them.
Wherever our armies marched, wherever our
soldiers wandered in the land of the rebellion,
the black men of the South met them with
warm and generous greetings. Ever were
they faithful to the flag, ever did their prayers
ascend to God for the success of their emanci-
pators. They were ever true to our sons who
fought the battles of the country while living,
and they cover with flowers the graves of our
fallen heroes. These people, possessing far
more intelligence than the Senator accords to
them, clearly comprehended the condition of
affairs, bided their time, gave their hopes, and
daily invoked in their lowly cabins the bless-
ings of Almighty God upon their country, its
cause, and its defenders. The name of Abra-
ham Lincoln is known and revered in every
black man's cabin in the rebel States as no
human name is known or revered. I need
not say, sir, that the name of Andrew Johnson
is held in abhorrence in every black man's
cabin. The name of the Senator from Wis-
consin, after the proposition he has made and
the speech he has delivered, will certainly not
be a household word in the homes of the men
from whom he would take the most sacred
rights given them by their country.
The Senator told us that war was impend-
ing over the rebel States. Sir, there is not the
shade of the shadow of truth in the declara-
tion, be it made by whomsoever it may. The
Senator quoted the authority of Alexander H.
Stephens, a gentleman who, when he was shut
up in Fort Warren, was ready to go as far as
any of us in securing the rights of those black
men, but who, since he came out of imprison-
ment, maintained the old doctrine of seces-
sion, and has been one of the most potent ene-
mies of reconstruction. He quotes, too, the
authority of Governor Fitzpatrick, agentleman
who heads the address of the southern Kadieals,
as the Senator calls them, which they have just
issued, invoking the people of Alabama not to
vote at the coming election, but to trust to the
