770
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 27,
sick, to those who have removed, to those who
cannot go to the pulls, to prevent a majority of
the ;vr;on< registered voting in favor of the con-
stitution wh'.e.i has been framed in that State.
1 am not surprised that the Senator who
a^unir< hero to l>e the champion of the rebel
c.ni^e >ho'ihl put mi muell reliance on this
rebel te>;imoti\ : but I do not fail to remember
that your S'ophens and y our Fitzpatrick.--, \ our
southern radical secessionists ur Deiiioeu.ts
or Conservatives, whichever you may choose to
call them, told us that if we emancipated the
black people we should have civil war, and I
remember that on every issue of the last thirty
years these men have been the cliamp'ons of a
brutal and degrading barb.iriMii, that they have
prophesied and predicted, and that never has
one of their prophecies or predictions been
fulfilled, nor nc\er will be.
Hut the Senator to'd us that if it came to
war. if we had a war of races, 110 discipline
would save the freed people. Sir, these mil-
lions of emancipated bondmen do not intend to
have a war of races. They have borne since
the close of the rebellion more insults, wrongs,
and outrages, peacefully and patiently, than
any people have borne in any portion of the
Christian or civilized world in modern times,
and yet not a single man has been executed
for the murder of these hundredsof freedmen ;
and whenever such a man has been convicted
the President has pardoned him or remitted his
sentence. No murderer of these people has
been punished. They know it; but they have
borne it all hopefully and prayerfully, trusting
that the time would come when the loyal, liberty-
loving people of these States would frame con-
stitutions and elect officers that would secure
to them the protection that belongs to all the
children of the human race.
They do not intend to have a war of races;
and does the Senator mean to tell us that if
the brutal champions of barbarism inaugurate
a war of races 110 power in this Government,
no discipline in our armies, can protect Amer-
ican citizens against the bloody instincts of
those whose champion he has become? Does
the Senator from Wisconsin, from his high
place here in this council Chamber, mean to
say to the men who are struggling to prevent
the restoration of the Union on the basis of
equal, civil, and political rights, that if they
inaugurate a war of races, the discipline of
the Army, the laws of the land, the sense of t
justice, the spirit of humanity of the people of 1
ChriMian America, are powerless to prevent 1
the butchery of the despised and hated race?
Does he mean by these words to inspire men
whose hands are reddened with the blood of
hundreds of thousands of the nation's defend-
ers to imbme their hands in the blood of the
smitten children of the African race? Why
does he talk about the impending war of races ?
Is it the policy of the Administration to incite
a war of races? Are the Conservatives to fight
on that platform in the coming presidential
election? I tell the Senator from Wisconsin,
the Administration, the Democracy, the seces-
sionists, and dbunionists, one and all, that the
loyal, liberty-loving people of Christian Amer-
ica, who put down tlie slavemasters' rebellion
with the iron hand of war. have resolved it, and
they will proclaim it in the ears of guilty men
everywhere, that they will put down a war of
races, by whomsoever begun, with the same
iron hand. They did protect the innocent and
they will punish the guilty.
But the Senator from Wisconsin, doubtless
for a purpose, talks of northern radicals and
southern radicals. This coupling together the
words northern radicals and southern radicals
is not original with the honorable Senator.
Within a few days after the President of the
United States entered upon the reactionary
policy, after he abandoned his vaunted doc-
trine of putting the rebels on the back seats,
he had a great deal to say about rebels at, both
ends of the line, about the next rebellion being
in the North, about sloughing off' the north-
ern radicals and the southern radicals. Now,
the Senator from Wisconsin uses the language
of the President, of whose policy lie is the
champion, although he is reluctant to admit
that the southern radicals of whom he speaks
are now Democrats acting w ith him. Northern
radicals and southern radicals! Sir, I accept
the Senator's descriptive phrases. These terms,
•'northern radicals and southern radicals" are
not in any sense geographical terms ; they are
intended to expiess the embodiment of ideas,
principles, ami policies. Northern radicals
believe in the fatherhoodofGod and the brother-
hood of Immunity ; in breaking every yoke and
letting the oppressed go free ; in doing to others
as tlicy would that others should do unto them ;
in the sublime cieed of the Declaration of In-
dependence, and in the maxims and precepts
of the founders of the Republic. They are
committed, fully and unreservedly committed,
in favor of the unity of the country and the
equal rights and equal privileges and the equal
protection of the citizeus of the United States
of every race.
Southern radicals being a sort of trinity of
secessionists, Conservatives, and Democrats,
scoff at the Declaration as a self-evident lie, a
glittering generality, disown the doctrines of
the republican fathers, and proclaim this to be
the white man's country and the white man's
Government, and deny civil rights and political
privileges to American citizens whose skins are
darker than their own. The northern radicals
are striving to make the Christian creed em-
bodied in the Declaration of Independence the
vital, animating, and living faith of the Re-
public, to enlighten the darkened intellect,
protect and lift up the poor, the dependent,
and the lowly. The southern radicals, to pre-
serve the spirit of caste, to preserve the soul
of slavery, though the body is dead, are striving
to excite the cowardly, brutal, and vulgar fear
of negro supremacy. A man may be a north-
ern radical and live in South Carolina. The
Senator is illustrating to us the fact that a man
may be a southern radical and live in Wiscon-
sin. Sir. the Senator has deserted the north-
ern radicals and gone over to the southern
radicals. He thinks the northern radicals might
have been southern radicals if they had been
born and reared in the South. The honor-
able Senator has become a southern radical,
although he was born in the North. His prop-
osition and his speech embody the spirit of the
party to which he has gone, and of whose
cause he assumes to be a champion and a
leader.
Mr. President, the country has been stirred
to its profoundest depths during the last four-
teen years between these northern radicals
and these southern radicals. Words have been
uttered and deeds have been done by the south-
ern radicals that have brought shame and dis-
honor upon the country and will stain forever
their memories. They have never breathed a
patriotic sentiment, never uttered a word for
liberty, neverspoken for justice, never achieved
an act for humanity, or anything to advance
Christian civilization on the globe. There has
not been a moment for the last fourteen years
when these southern radicals have not been
either against their country, the rights of man,
or the advancing current of Christian civiliza-
tion that is carrying humanity forward. Words
have been uttered and deeds have been per-
formed by these northern radicals during the
last fourteen years that the muse of history
will fling upon the canvas of the world in tints
that will not fade or die.
Sir, during fourteen years these northern
radicals, who have been reproached by the
Senator in this Chamber and in the other
Chamber and before the people, in peace and
war, on the battle-field, everywhere, have been
the steady and consistent champions of patriot-
ism—that patriotism that embraced the whole
country, that loved the whole country, that
comprehended the whole country, the past,
present, and future of the Republic. They
never fired upon the flag of your country; they
never shot down one of the country's defend-
ers. They have been for their country, their
whole country, and the people of the whole
country. No man can breathe a suspicion
against their sublime fidelity to their country
amid all its trials. They have been for liberty,
for equal, universal, and impartial liberty; lib-
erty at home and liberty abroad. Wherever
on God's green earth a mail has spoken for
liberty he lias had the sympathies of these
northern radicals. Kossuth, Mazzini, Gari-
baldi, John Bright—-all the champions of pop-
ular rights in the Old World are loved by these
radicals of the New World as they are by the
liberty-loving men of the Old World. At hotpe
these radicals, branded here now because they
want to finish the great work they begun, have
smitten the chains from four and a half mil-
lion human beings, lifted them up to manhood,
given them civil rights and political rights,
and are struggling to-day in the face of a ter-
rible opposition of misrepresentation and pre-
judice and every unholy passion of human
nature to complete their grand work of mak-
ing every man of every race an American citi-
zen, and clothing him with all the rights and
privileges of an American citizen. Sir, since
the morning of creation there has not been a
political organization on this planet that has
fought a battle so unselfish, that has fought on
so high a plane for humanity as these branded
radicals of the North; and I tell the Senator
from Wisconsin they will finish their work in
spite of his abandonment of their cause. We
may miss him, but others will take the places
that he and his associates have made vacant.
Let him go; let them go ; let him and them
hurl back at us their vituperative phrases, and
cover, if they can, our cause with opprobrium.
We will remain true to our convictions, to our
sense of public duty, to our endangered coun-
try, to the oppressed, whoever may desert us
and whatever future may betide us.
Sir, measured by the standard of justice, these
northern radicals, believing in human equality,
believing in the inspiring utterances of Wash-
ington, Franklin, Adams, Jay, Jefferson, Mad-
ison, and the illustrious statesmen who founded
the Go vernment of the U nited States, have stood
during these fourteen years amid obloquy and
reproach, apostacy on the right hand and the
left. These northern radicals, denounced by
the Senator from Wisconsin as he quits their
ranks, have stood at every sacrifice as the cham-
pions of equal and impartial justice to man-
kind. Sir, we intend to stand there, and, God
willing, we mean to triumph there. The apos-
tacy of Presidents or Cabinet officers or of Sen-
ators or Representatives will not defeat this
body of men who believe in God, in humanity,
and justice, and who will fight it out 011 that
line until a crowning victory shall be achieved.
Measured by the standard of a broad and com-
prehensive humanity that sympathizes with the
poor, the oppressed, and the down-trodden the
wide world over ; a humanity that contributed
$75,000,000 during our great war to relieve the
sufferings of our soldiers; that humanity which
went into the hospitals and sat by the sick and
the dying, that dealt tenderly even with rebels ;
that humanity that lifts up but never pulls down,
that breathes itself out for the poor and the
oppressed of our common race, where on God's
green earth has there been or is there a body
of men who have done so much or been so true
as these radicals of the North ?
Sir, you may open the volumes of our history,
and every word they have uttered, every senti-
ment they have breathed, every act of theirs
has been to aid the suffering and to lift up and
carry forward the cause of humanity. These
men who never fired on the flag of the country,
never murdered one of the country's defenders,
never shed a drop of loyal blood; who stood
by the country in the dark and troubled night
of civil war; these northern radicals who
maintained the liberties of a poor, despisecU
and hated race; these northern radicals who
have contended for the same justice to the poor
toiling man that is given to the wealthiest man
of the land; these northern radicals whose
