1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
tts
from Indiana, [Mr. Mortov.] In common l|
with every member of the Semite, I listened I
to that speech not only with pleasure but with '
admiration. It was courteous, logically argu-
mentative, and had the true spirit ot'eloquence.
It was a speech of which the Senate has cause
to feel proud. It brought back our debates, if
they have wandered from that standard, to the
standard of former days, when no personal re-
flections were indulged in, when high and ele-
vated principles guided the discussion, when
the good of the country alone seemed to be
considered, and not the mere success of party.
1 repeat, therefore, that no member of the
majority of the Senate admired that speech
more than I did; but I believe also that it
contains doctrines which the Constitution does
not admit of, and that those doctrines may in
their practical operation prove to be injurious.
I therefore proceed, with proper distrust of my
own ability, to meet the argument of the hon-
orable member, to state the reasons why I am
not able to concur with him.
The honorable member places the authority
to pass the bills upon your table exclusively
undei' that clause in the Constitution which
provides that—
"The United St*te  shall guaranty to every State
in this Union a republican form of government."
He renounces, (and I was glad, though not
surprised to hear it,) and he almost denounces,
the doctrine that Congress or any department
of the Government can wander from the Con-
stitution for the purpose of finding any author-
ity outside for any measures which it may think
proper to adopt. He relies, therefore, exclu-
sively upon the clause of which I have spoken.
The logical acumen of the honorable mem-
ber has evidently taught him, in his careful
study, for which he deserves the credit that
every member deserves who appears before this
body prepared, understanding the matter of
which he professes to speak—he must have
discovered in his meditations in his closet that
he would be unable to invoke the aid of that
clause for the support of these measures un-
less he could interpolate into the clause a word
not to be found in it. I do not mean by using
the word " interpolate" to say anything offen-
sive to the honorable member, for that I am
sure lie knows I am incapable of. I conld not
do it without warring against my own feelings.
What I mean to say is, that he believed it to
he necessary for the purpose of his proposi-
tion to readthe clause as if it contained a word
not to be found in it. He therefore reads it as
if our fathers had written it, that the United
States shall guaranty to every State in this
Union a uloyal" republican form of govern-
ment. That there is no such phrase to -136
found in the clause the honorable member
conceded ; but he placed his right to eotisidef
it as virtually within the clause upon the
ground that loyalty is inherent, and mustthere-
fore be considered as existing both in relation
to that clause and every other part of the
instrument.
Mr. President, unless I am greatly mistaken,
the honorable member is evidently in error.
When the Constitution was being framed there
were thirteen States, each of which was then
sovereign; each of which, not only in the
judgment of its own people,'but in the judg-
ment of all the other States, was republican
in form. That was a time when each, there-
fore, was to be considered in that particular as
standing upon the same footing with all the
rest. The object of the convention was to
preserve that unity of form, to preserve repub-
lican liberty by p*eserving a republican form
of government, not to guard against the abuses
of those who might be called upon to adminis-
ter a government of that form, but, leaving
any such abuses to be corrected by time and
by the subsequent reflection of the people, to
preserve them all as they then existed, repub-
lican States in point of form.
What was the condition of each of the States ?
In the most of them slavery existed, and the
Constitution contained a provision by which
the number of slaves might for a peried of
twenty years be increased by immigration, and
placed that particular provision beyond the
power of amendment And in all of the States,
as I believe, at that time, there existed no
universal right of suffrage. In most of them |
the voter was required to have a property qual-
ification. In all of them he was required to
have a particular period of residence within
his own State, and to be of a certain age. Did
anybody suppose at that day, did any member '
of the Convention for a moment imagine when
he signed his name to that Constitution, did it
enter into the imagination of the three great
men who recommended it to the adoption of
the American people in the celebrated letters
of Publius, that there lurked within it a pro-
vision which might be used by Congress for the
purpose of taking away from the States the
authority to regulate suffrage, to prescribe the
qunlilication of voters, or the qualification of
those who should be voted for?
Did any member of the Convention, above
all, think at that time that the institution of
slavery and the provision for its increase might
be entirely defeated by measures which Con-
gress in the future might adopt under the au-
thority of this clause which the honorable
member correctly characterizes, if his doctrine
is right, as including within itself a mass of
undefined power? So far from it, in one of
the letters of Publius, written by Mr. Madison,
No. 40. in which he discusses the meaning of
that clause, he recommends it to the adoption
of the people; and meets any possible objec-
tion that might be made in the State conven-
tions thereafter to assemble for the purpose of
ratifying the Constitution, by stating that the ! |
object of the clause was to preserve the States j j
, as they then were. He was apprehensive— ij
for those celebrated letters examined every
power contained in the Constitution—thatthose
who were fearful of conferring upon the Gen-
eral Government powers that might be used to J
the -injury of the States, powers that might be
used to destroy the reserved rights of the States, [
might construe this particular clause as author- '
izing such legislation; and he therefore, in !
commenting upon the clause, said what I send |
to the desk and ask to have read. j
The Secretary read, as follows, from No. 43 j
of the Federalist: j
" It mas- possibly be asked, what need thero could
be ofisuch n precaution, and whether it may not be-
come a pre text for alterations in the State govern-
ments without the concurrence of the States them-
selves. These questions admit of ren dy answers. If'
the interposition of the General Government should
: not be needed the provision for such an event will
i be a harmless superfluity only in the Constitution.
1 But who can say what experiments may be produced
I by the caprice of particular States, by the ambition
i of enterprising leaders, or by the intrigues and influ-
H ence of foreign Powers? To the seeond question it
I; may be answered that if the General Government
'l should interpose by virtue of this constitutional
I authority it will be, of course, bound to pursu i the
ij authority. Uut the authority extends no further
'! than to a guarantee of a republican form of govern-
i i ment, which supposes a preexisting government of
! the form which is to be guarantied."
Mr. JOHNSON. Now, Mr. President, it is
evident that in the judgment of the men of that
day it was not thought that there was included
within this particular clause any power to
I interfere with the government of a State; in
other words, it was held that it conferred upon
! Congress no power to create a government for
a State. Its purpose was to protect the States
I and nothing else. Its object and its effect was
; to defend the States, and not to confer upon
I Congress the power to interfere with the gov-
I ernment of a State. It supposes, in the lan-
' guage of Madison, that there exists a govern-
| ment in point of fact republican in form, and
i that the government in point of fact which
the States are entitled to have is one of their
! own creation; and until now, as far as my
' knowledge extends, it never was pretended
that Congress had any power under this clause
to make a constitution for any State.
But again, Mr. President, the honorabletnem-
ber reads the clause as if the word "loyal"
was in it. Hence the admission, from the ne-
cessity under which he labors of reading the
clanse with that word in, is that without it it
wonld not serve the purpose of his argument.
Now, we have examined the clause; it con-
tains no such word. What is loyalty? What
meaning does the honorable Senator attach to
the term in that connection? Does he mean
to say that a republican form of government
does not exist because its people, few or many,
entertain opinions which, in his judgment, are
not loyal to the United States?
Mr. STEWART. Will the Senator allow
me to ask one question ?
Mr. JOHNSON. I would rather not be
interrupted. With all courtesy to the honor-
able member, I prefer going on, and afterward,
when I shall have concluded, I will answer any
question he may propound to me.
Now, what is loyalty? What do we under-
stand it to be at this time of day? The war
is over; not an arm is raised in any part of
our wide domain in resistance to the just au-
thority of the Government ; peace, in the sense
of that term as contradistinguished from war,
prevails throughout the land. Is it disloyalty
to entertain abstract opinions upon the mean-
ing of the Constitution, to have believed in the
doctrine of secession in the past or to believe
in it now? Is it disloyalty to believe that the
measures which the Congress of the United
States have adopted or propose to adopt are
not such as should be adopted, looking to
the true interests of the country? Is it dis-
loyalty to believe that so far from their tend-
ing to the interests of the country they violate
many of the positive limitations to be found in
the Constitution, limitations placed upon the
power of Congress for the purpose not only
of protecting the States against the invasion
of State power, but for the purpose of protect-
ing the individual citizen against the violation
of the guarantees of personal liberty to be
found in the same Constitution? Is that dis-
loyalty? The honorable member will hardly
say that it is. It may be, and in his judgment,
no doubt, is, an error of opinion; it may be,
and in his judgment, no doubt, it is, an error
attended with mischief to the country at large;
but differences of opinion do not make him
who holds one loyal and him who holds the
opposite opinion disloyal.
Mr. President, if I may be permitted to illus-
trate by referring to my own ease, if I can do
so without any violation of good taste, as I hope
I may, am I disloyal because I differ with the
majority in this House? Am I disloyal because
I have differed, and no doubt shall continue to
differ, with some of the doctrines of the Execu-
tive of the IJnited States? Am I disloyal
because I have occasionally differed, and no
doubt Ahall continue to difler, from some of the
opinions pronounced by the Supreme Court of
the United States? I hope not. In the exer-
cise of my own honest judgment and having at
heart the prosperity and safety of my country,
I did, from the commencement of the rebellion
and before, denounce it as resting upon a doc-
trine finding no support in the Constitution of
our country, but, on the contrary, at war with
many of its express provisions. I had, how-
ever, the charity to believe, and I believe now,
that the opposite doctrine to my own was main-
tained with equal sincerity by hundreds and
thousands of citizens to be found in every State
of the Union. It had for its support, or was
supposed to have had for its support, the name
of Jefferson, the apostle of liberty, according
to our view of his character, the author of the
Declaration of Independence. He was the
draftsman of the Kentucky resolutions of 1799;
and no one can read those resolutions without
coming to the conclusion that he himself
thought that there might exist, and probably
would exist, a state of things in which a State
would have a right to abandon the Union.
The immediate cause of the apprehension
utider which he labored was the passage of the
alien and sedition laws. He found no author-
ity for such legislation in any power conferred
upon the Congress of the United States. He
believed that they trampled upon the guaran-
tied rights of the citizens and of the States,
and he, in advance, told the country, by the res-
