1808.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
775
moment the insurrection terminated in that !
State or in that portion of a State which might
have been proclaimed by the President to be
in a condition of insurrection.
The doctrine that the United States, exercis-
ing its power of self-preservation by denying to
any State the authority to abandon its allegi-
ance to the United States, could itself work
the destruction of that State, seemed to me at
the time—not so much now., because it is enter-
tained by gentlemen for whom I have very
great confidence—to be almost an absurdity.
1 was glad, however, to find, on discovering
that I (littered in opinion from so many gentle-
men in whose judgment I had great confidence
and whose ability I have always recognized,
that 1 had the support of the present Chief Jus- (
tice of the United States. The war being over,
he opened his circuit in North Carolina, and
this case was brought before him : a citizen of
North Carolina was indebted, upon a promis-
sory note, to a citizen of one of the States
called loyal. When the war ended the creditor
sued his North Carolina debtor to recover the
amount of the note, and this defendant urged
as his defense that North Carolina herself, after
her secession, passed a law sequestrating that
debt in his hand and compelling him to pay
over the amount of the note to the commis-
sioners of sequestration. What said the Chief
Justice? That is no defense. The act of se-
questration was absolutely void. It was the
act, to be sure, of a government, in fact; but
it was the act of a government that had no legal
existence ; and when the war terminated that
debtor stood in relation to his creditor just as
he would have stood if the State had not se-
ceded. He was met in argument at the bar
with the principle which I am now contesting,
that North Carolina had ceased to be a State
of the Union, and that what she did, therefore,
was binding upon her people, they being, from
the fact of her ceasing to be a State of the Union,
not responsible to the General Government.
He meets that in a single sentence, which I
will road. Speaking of the act of secession and
the subsequent actsof North Garolina, he says :
" Cut these acts did not affect, even for a moment,
the separation of North Carolina from the Union,
any more than the action of an individual who com-
mits grave offenses against the State by resisting its
ofificeis and defying its authority can separate him
from the State. Such acta may subject the offender
even to outlawry, but can discharge him from no
duty nor relieve him from any responsibility."
Mr. President, here is a judge of eminence,
the head of the judiciary ot the United States,
who in the first place opens his court in what
i3 not considered a State ^of the Uniou. His
powers there are limited w controversies aris-
ing between citizens of one State and citizens
of other States. Here is North Carolina, said
to be in the hands of Congress, to be treated
with just as Congress thinks proper, to be free
or not to be free, her citizens to be entitled to
the guarantees contairted in the Constitution
or denied them just as Congress may think
proper, upon the doctrine that her ordinances
of secession placed her outside of the union
of States and reduced her to the condition of
a Territory. The learned Chief Justice says
that, so far from it, they do not even for a mo-
ment change her relation as a State of the
Union.
Mr. President, I will not trouble the Senate
with reading any further passages from this
opinion. The learned Chief Justice comments
in it upon what had been supposed by some to
be the effect of the decision of the Supreme
Court in the prize cases, and in speaking of that
decision he says, almost in words, that it never
was designed by the court to say anything more
than this, that during the existence of the
rebellion the relations between the people of
the States and the Government of the United
States were suspended, that with the termina-
tion of the rebellion they revived and became
as obligatory as they were before the rebellion
commenced.
Now, Mr. President, bas the war ended?
The honorable member from Indiana said in
his speech that the war ended in April, 1865 ;
he could not help saying that. The unani-
mous opinion of the Supreme Court in the
Milligan ease held that the war had ended,
and all the judges held, those in the minority
as well as in the majority, that when the war
had terminated there was no power whatever
in the Congress of the United States to sub- |
ject a citizen to the obligations of martial law. |
The only difference between the majority and
the minority was this: the majority ruled
that it was not in the power of Congress in '
any State where the laws were actually in
practical operation and notobstructed, although
there was a war going on in other States, to '
subject a citizen to trial by military commis-
sion ; while the Chief Justice and those who
concurred with him held a different doctrine. j
They held that there might be a case of a
civil war waging in one State which would J
make it the duty of Congress to suspend the
writ of habeas corpics throughout the country
and to try men by military commission ; but
the Chief Justice himself, who spoke for the
! minority of the court, held that when peace
was restored the military power was at an end
and the citizen was entitled to all the privileges
and rights secured by the Constitution.
To show that I state the views of the court
correctly, I will refer to the very words of the
opinions as reported in 4 Wallace. Mr. Justice
Davis, in giving the opinion of the majority,
said:
"By the protection of the law human rights are
secured; withdraw that protection, and they arc at
the mercy of wicked rulers or the clamor of an ex-
cited people. If there was law to justify this military
trial, it is not our province to interfere; if there was
not, it is our duty to declare the nullity of the whole
proceedings. The decision of this question does not
dependon argument or judicial precedents, numerous
and highly illustrative as they are. These precedents
inform us of the extent of the struggle to preserve
liberty and to relieve those in civil life from military
trials. The founders of our Government were familiar
with the history of that struggle; and secured in a
written Constitution every right which the people had
wrested from power during a contest of ages."
* * * * * * ♦
"The securities for personal liberty thus embodied
were such as wisdom and experience had demon-
strated to be necessary for the protection of those
accused of crime. Andso strongwas the sense of the
country of their importance, and so jealous were the
people that these rights, highly prized, might bo
denied them by implication, that when the original
Constitution was proposed for adoption it encoun-
tered severe opposition, and but for the belief that it
would be so amended as to embrace them it would
never have been ratified.
" Time has proved the discernment of our ancestors;
for even these provisions, expressed in such plain
English words that it would seem the ingenuity of
man could not evade them, are now, after the lapse
of more than seventj' years, sought to be avoided.
Those great and good men foresaw that troublous
i times would arise, when rulers and people would
become restive under restraint arid seek by sharp and
■ decisive measures to aceompl iah ends deemed j ust and
; proper; and thatthe principles of constitutional lib-
i erty would be in peril unless established by irrepcal-
I able law. The history of the world had taught them
that what was done in the past might be attempted
in the future. The Constitution of the United States
is a law for rulers and people equally, in war and_ in
peace, and covers with the shield of its protection
all classes of men at all times and under a.llt circum-
stances. No doctrine involving more pernicious eon-
sequences was ever invented by the wit of man than
that any of its provisions can be suspended during
any of the great exigencies of Government.^ Such a
■ doctrine leads directly to anarchy or despotism; but
i the theory of necessity on which it is based is false,
j for the Government within the Constitution has all
the powers granted to it which are necessary to pre-
; servo its existence, as has been happily proved by tho
! result of the great effort to throw off its just author-
ity."
In the opinion of the minority, the Chief
j Justice, speaking of the war-making power,
j says:
"This power necessarily extends to all legislation
■ essential to the prosecution of war with vigor and
I success, except such as interferes with the command
j of the forces and the conduct of campaign. That
power and duty belong to the President as Com-
mander-in-Chief. Both these powers are derived
from the Constitution, but neither is defined by that
instrument. Their extent must be determined by
their nature and by tho principles of our institu-
tions.
"The power to make the necessary laws is in Con-
gress; the power to execute in the President. Both
powers imply many subordinate and auxiliary pow-
ers. Each includes all authorities essential to its due
exercise. But neither can the President in war more
than in peace intrude upon the proper authority of
Congress, nor Congress upon the proper authority
of the President. Both are servants of the people,
whose will is expressed in tho fundamental law.
Congress cannot direct tho conduct of campaigns,
nor can the President or any commander under
him, without the sanction of Congress, instituto tri-
bunals for the trial and punishment of offenses,
either of soldiers or civilians, unless in cases of a
controlling necessity, which justifies what it compels,
or at least insures acts of indemnity from the justice
of tho legislature.
" We by no means assort that Congress can estab-
lish and apply the laws of war where no war has
been declared or exists.
" Where peace exists the laws of peace must pre-
vail. What wo do maintain is, that when tho nation
is involved in war, and some portions of the country
are invaded and all are exposed to invasion, it is
within the power of Congress to detormine in what
States or districts such great and imminent and pnblio
danger exists as justifies the authorization of military
tribunals for the trial of crimes and offenses against
the discipline or security of the Army or against the
public safety."
The honorable member from Indiana says
that there are two parties in this country, and
two ideas entertained by two several parties.
The Democratic party, he thinks, are of opin-
ion that the war was wrong, and that those en-
gaged in it in the southern States forfeited no
rights ; and the Republican party think the war
was right and that they did forfeit rights. That
may be true, but what rights? Was the for-
feiture so complete that they cannot invoke the
protection of the Constitution of the United
! States? Can they be tried now by military
commissions? Every member of the Supremo
Court in the Milligan case denounced that doc-
, trine as fatal to liberty. Whatever may be the
relation toward this departmentof the govern-
ment of those States, one thing in the judg-
ment of that tribunal is clear: that the war
being at an end, no man can be tried for trea-
son or any other offense committed during tho
pendency of the war, except in the manner
prescribed by the Constitution of the United
States, and no man can be convicted of treason
unless it can be shown that he levied war
against the United States or adhered to its
enemies, givingaid and comfort. The doctrine
of necessity was resorted to in the argument of
that case and has often been resorted to, as I
believe, in this Chamber and in the other
Chamber. There is no such doctrine to be
found in the Constitution.
The Supreme Court—and iu that particular
there is no difference between any members
of the bench—was of opinion that the Consti-
tution was made to meet every emergency,
made for war as well as for peace; that the
doctrine of necessity as a grant of power is
hostile to every idea of freedom; in a word,
according to the rulings of the Supreme Court,
and, as I believe, according to the true reading
of the Constitution, in the vocabulary of the
Constitution there is no such word as "neces-
sity." The doctrine is altogether new, was
never dreamed of before this war, and not
dreamed of until after the lapse of a year or
two after the war was declared. But now,
when the war is over, when no hostile foot
treads any part of the soil of the country,
when all the States are in our power, when
those who wandered away are seeking to return
to the councils of the nation as represented in
the legislative department, they are told that
there is in the Constitution under some clause
or other (for if the particular clause relied
upon by the honorable member from Indiana
does not answer the purpose, there is another
clause to be interpolated in the Constitution
to give the power, that is, a clause placing
the power on the doctrine of necessity) which
enables us to treat them now as having no
rights whatever to any of Ihe securities to be
found in the Constitution; that we now have
authority to hold them to all the obligations of
the Constitution and to deny them all the guar-
antees of personal liberty to be found in the
same instrument; that it is one Constitution
for us and another Constitution for them; that
we are in its full enjoyment—they can only
have it as we please to extend it to them!
Mr. President, I have said substantially all
that I proposed to say, and I have but" a
few words now to add. I took occasion this
fnorning to state that from the first, when the
rebellion ended, I was in favor of a general
