X868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
781
to t*ay the eurrcnt expenses of tho Government or to
pnrch:i?o the present inh re^t-be^rm? bonds to bo
retired:
} T-^ requiro tho national banks to roplacc
tho hoiub-uow on ilepo-itby them in the United States
Tre wiry by bonds of the United States payable in
gold ami bearing a rate of intcreft n«>tto exceed four
pei eont. per annum, payable semi-annually ie gold,
or surrender their charter ;
And report by bill or otherwise.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Is that resolution a
resolution of instruction ?
The SPEAKER. It is not mandatory. It
instructs the committee to inquire into the
expediency.
The resolution was agreed to.
ELECTIVE FRANCHISE IS MONTANA.
Mr. CLA11KE, of Kansas, submitted the fol- j
lowing preamble and resolution, upon which 1
he demanded the previous question:
Whereas by act of Congress passed January 24,
18 i7, it was provided that "there shall be no denial
of the elective franchise in any of the Territories of
the United States now or hereafter to be organized,
to any citizen thereof on account of race, color, or
previous condition of servitude, and all acts or parts
«f acts either of Congress or the Legislative Assem-
blies of said Territories, inconsistent wit lithe provis-
ions of this act, are hereby declared null and void;"
and whereas it is reported that the Territorial Legis-
lature of Montana have passed a bill which was ap-
proved by the Governor of said Territory on the
22d day of November, 18G7, containing tho following
provisions: "All white male citizens of the United
States, and those who have declared their intention
to oecome citizens above the ageof twenty-one years,
shall be entitled to vote at any election lor Delegate
to Congress and for territorial, county, and precinct
officers, provided they shall have resided in the Ter-
ritory twenty days and in the county ten days where
they offer to vote next preceding the day of election
Therefore.
ltemleed, That tho Committee on the Judiciary be
instructed to inquire whether the Territorial Legis-
lature of Montana has passed any act in conflict with
the aforesaid law of Congress, and whether the Gov-
ernor of said Territory has approved any such act,
ar,l report the facts to this House, together with such
measures as maybe necessary to secure obedience on
the partof the Legislature and Governorof Montana
to the laws of the Congress of the United States.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope
the gentleman will amend his resolution so as
to provide that if the Judiciary Committee find
the facts to be as stated they shall report a
bill to repeal the act creating the Territory of
Moil tana.
Mr. CAVANAUGH. Will the gentleman
yield to me for a moment? As the Delegate
from the Territory of Montana I insist on the
right to be heard.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. I insist on the
previous question.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I wish to make a
suggestion to the gentleman and to the House.
I think that this and all,other propositions re-
lating to the organic acts of the Territories
ought to go to the Committee on the Territories.
Mr. CAVANAUGH. I ask the gentleman
from Kansas to yield to me for a moment.
Mr. BLAINE. Is debate in order?
The SPEAKER. It is not; and if the gen-
tleman from Kansas withdraws the previous
question and debate arises the resolution will
go over.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. I do not with-
draw it.
Mr. BURR. I call for tellers on seconding
the previous question.
Mr. CAVANAUGH. Idesire to ask aques-
tion of the Chair for information. Is it in order
for me now to move to lay the resolution on
The SPEAKER. It will be in ordef as
soon as the result of the vote is announced on
seconding the previons question.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I desire to ask a
parliamentary question of the Chair, whether
it is not in order for the gentleman from Kan-
sas to modify his resolution so as to direct the
Committee on the Territories to make this
inquiry instead of the Committee on the Ju-
diciary ?
The SPEAKER. It would be in order for
the gentleman from Kansas to modify the reso-
lution before the previous question is seconded,
if he saw fit to do so.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Well, I hope he
will do it.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. I will modify
the resolution so as to make it an instruction
to the Committee on the Territories.
Mr. BURR. 1 withdraw the call for tellers
to enable the gentleman from Montana [Mr.
Cavaxaucii] to make his motion to lay the
resolution ou tho table.
The previous question was theu seconded. !
Mr. CAVANAUGH. I move that the pre-
amble and resolution be laid on the table. i
Mr. BURR. On that motion I call for the
yeas and nays.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. Can a
Delegate make such a motion? ij
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the
usage has been uniform that Delegates may 1
make motions. '
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. It has not |
been uniform. I know it has been decided i
directly the other way in some cases. j
Tho SPEAKER. The Chair would thank
the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Washburni:]
if he will cite any case where a different ruling
has been made.
Mr. W'ASHBURNE, of Illinois. I recollect
distinctly that the decision was different in one
case.
The SPEAKER. The Chair recollects a
decision that a Delegate could not make a
motion to reconsider, because the rule requires
that the member making such motion shall have
voted with the prevailing side; and a Delegate
cannot vote.
\ The question was upon laying the preamble
and resolution on the table.
. The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was token; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 87, nays 122, not voting
29; as follows:
i YEAS—Messrs. Archer, Axtell, Barnes, Bamum,
i Beck, Boyer, Burr, Chanler, Eldiidgc, Glossbrenner, j
i Golladay, Grover, flaight, llolmaii, llotchkiss, Ilum-
' phrev, johnson, Jones, Kerr, lvnott, Marshall, Mc-
Coruiick, Morgan, Morrissey, Mungen, Niblack,
i Nicholson, Phelps Pru.vn, Randall, Koss, Sitgreavcs,
I Taber, Lawrence S. Trimble, Van Auken, Van Trump,
; and Woodward—'SI.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Anderson, Arnell,
Delns 11. Ashley, James M. Ashley, Bailey, Baker,
1 Baldwin, Banks, Beaman, Benjamin, Benton, Bing-
ham, Blaine, Blair, Boutwell, Bromwcll, Broomall,
1 Buckland, Cake, Cary, Reader W. Clarke, Kidney
Clarke, Cobb,Coburn, Cook, Cornell,Covodc,Dawes,
Dixon, Dodge, Donnelly, Eeklcy, Egglcston, tla,
Eliot, Farn^worth, Ferriss, Eciry, Fields, Garfield,
Gravely, Ilalsey, Harding, Hawkins, Hill, Hooper,
Hopkins, j*-ahel W. Hubbard, Chester 1>. Hubbard,
■ Hulburd. Ingcrsoll, Jenckcs, Judd, Julian, Kclley,
Kelsey, Kitchen, Koontz, Laflin, William Lawrence,
Lincoln, Loan, Logan, Loughridee, Mallory, Marvin,
Mavnard. McCarthy, McClurg, Mercur, Miller,
Moore, Mullins, Myers, Ncweomb, Nunn, O'Neill,
Orth, Paine, Perham, Peters, Pike, Plants. Polsley,
. Pomeroy, Price, Raum, Robertson. Sawyer,Schenck,
Scotield, Selye, Shanks, Spalding, Starkweather,
Aaron F. Stevens, Thaddeus Stevens, Taffe, Taylor,
Thomas, Trowbridge, Twichell, Upson, Van Aernain,
Burt Van Horn, Robert T. Van Horn, Van Wyek,
Ward, Cadwaliuler C. Washburn, Eiihu B. \\ ash-
burne, Henry D. Washburn. William B. Washburn,
; Welker, Thomas Williams, William Williams, James
j F.Wilson, John T.Wilson, Stephen F. Wilson, Win-
\ dom. and Woodbridge—122.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Brooks, Butler,
| Churchill, Cullom, Driggs, Finney, Fox, Getz. Gris-
' wold, Iligby, Richard D. Hubbard, Hunter, Ketch-
am, George V. Lawrence, Lynch, McCullough,
1 Moorhead, Morrell, Pile, Poland, Ilobinson, Shclla-
barger, Smith, Stewart, Stokes, Stone, John Trimble,
! and Wood—29.
j So the motion to lay on the table was not
! agreed to.
,! The question was, "Shall the main ques-
t tion be now put?" and being taken, it was
i agreed to.
| The question was upon agreeing to the pre-
i\ amble and resolution.
!| Mr. CAVANAUGH. Upon that question I
i ( call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
j The question was then taken; and it was
'I decided in the affirmative—yeas 126, nays 37,
not voting 2-5 ; as follows:
I YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Anderson, Arnell,
Dclos R. Ashley, Bailey, Baker, Baldwin, Banks,
Beaman, Benjamin, Benton, Bingham, Blaine,Blair,
Boutwell, Brotnwell, Broomall, Buckland. Cake,
Cary, Churchill. Reader W. Clarke, Sidney Clarke,
Cobb, Coburn, Cook, Cornell,C'ovode, Dawes, Dixon,
j1 Dodge, Donnelly, Driggs, Eckley, Egglcston, Ela,
Eliot, Farii'iworth, Ferriss. Ferry, Fields, Garfield,
■ I Gravely, Halsev, Harding, Iligby, Hill. Hooper, Ilop-
!l kins, A^ahel W. Hubbard, Chester 1). Hubbard, Hul-
II burd, Hunter, Ingersoll, Jenckes, Judd, Julian,
Kelley, Kelsey, Kitchon, ICoontz, Laflin, William
Lawrence, Lincoln, Loan, Logan, Loughridge, Mal-
lory. Marvin.iiaynaid. McCarthy,McClurg, Mercur,
Miller, Moore, Mouihead, Mullins, Myers. Ncweomb,
Nunn, O'Neill, Orth, Panic, Perham, Peters, Pile,
Plants, Polsley, Pomeroy, Pru'e, Raum, Robertson,
Sawyer, S'henek, Scoficld, Selve, Shank-:. Smith,
Spalding. JMarkweathrr, Aaron F. Stevens, Thaddeus
Stevens, Stewart, Taffe, Taylor, Trowbridge, Twich-
ell, Upson, Van Aernam, Burl Van Horn, Robert T.
Van Horn, Van Wvck, Ward, Cadwalnder 0. Wash-
burn, Ehliu B. Washurne. Henry D. Washburn,
William B.Washburn. Welker, Thomas Williams,
William Williams, James F. Wilson. John T.Wilson,
Stephen F. Wilson, Windom, and Wooilbridge—120.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Archer, Axtell, Barnes,
Baruum, Beck. Boyer, Burr, Chanler, Eldridge,
Glossbrenner, Golladay. Grover, Ilaight, Hoi man,
Hotehkiss, Humphrey, Johnson, Jones, Kerr, Knott,
Marshall, MeCormiek. Morrissey, Mungen, Niblack,
Nicholson, Phelps, l'ruyn, Randall, Ross. Sitgreaves,
j Taber, Lawrence S. Trimble, Van Auken,Van Trump,
and Woodward—37. , , ,
1 NOT VOTING—Messrs. James M. Ashley, Brooks,
Butler, Cullom, Finnev. Fox, Getz, Griswold, Haw-
kins, Richard D. Hubbard, Kcteham, George V.
Lawrence, Lynch, MeCullough, Morgan, Morrcll,
Pike, Poland, Robinson, Shcllnbarger,Stokes, Stone,
Thomas, John Trimble, and Wood—25.
So the preamble and resolutions were
adopted.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which tho preamble and res-
olutions were adopted ; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
OSWEGO AND SALIIOX RIVElt, NEW YORK.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a
communication from the Secretary of War,
transmitting, in compliance with the resolution
of the House of the 17th instant, a report by the
chief of engineers relative to the condition, <fcc.,
of the harbors at Oswego and Salmon rivers,
on Lake Ontario ; which was referred to the
Committee on Commerce, and ordered to bo
printed.
INDIAN APPROPRIATIONS.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from the Secretary of the
Interior, transmitting a communication from
the Commissioner of Indian Affairs asking for
an immediate appropriation to carry out cer-
tain Indian treaties; which was referred to the
Committee on Appropriations, and ordered to
be printed.
ESTIMATES OF POSTMASTER GENERAL.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from the Postmaster General,
transmitting an amended statement of the esti-
mates of appropriations required for his Depart-
ment for the fiscal year ending June 30, 18G9;
which was referred to the Committee on Appro-
priations, and ordered to be printed.
RECONSTRUCTION IN GEORGIA.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
preamble and resolutions of the constitutional
convention of Georgia in reference to the re-
organization of the State government, the re-
moval of disabilities, and the modification of
the test-oath; which were referred to the Com-
mittee on Reconstruction, and ordered to be
printed.
REMOVAL OF GENERAL HANCOCK, ETC.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a petition of members of the constitutional
convention of Louisiana asking for the removal
of General Hancock and the State and parish
officials; which was referred to the Committee
on Reconstruction, and ordered to be printed.
FREEDMEN'S BUREAU IN MISSISSIPPI.
The SPEAKER also laid before the Hovse
resolutions of the constitutional conventic of
Mississippi relative to the Freedmen's Bureau;
which were referred to the Committee on Freed-
men's Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
RIGHTS OF AMERICAN CITIZENS A1SROAD.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
resolutions of a public meeting held at Fitch-
burg. Massachusetts, in reference to the rights
of American citizens abroad; which were re-
ferred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
Mr. JONES, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented a petition of citizens of Harrison county,
Kentucky, praying Congress to take such legis-
