782
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
lative action as will define the status of Amer-
ican citizens abroad and compel the Govern-
ment ot (.Jre.it Britain to recognize lho validity
of the naturalization of those citizens she
holds in durance, and to reinstate them in the
liberties and immunities of which they have
been deprived, in violation of their rights;
which was referred to the Committee 011 For-
eign Affairs.
Mr. 81 l'(iREAVES, by unanimous consent,
presented resolutions of a public meeting of
citizens of New Brunswick, New Jersey, asking
Congress to pass a law to protect the nation-
ality of native and naturalized citizens abroad;
which were referred to the Committee ou For-
eign Affairs.
wau claims.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
expired, and the House resumes the consider-
ation of the bill (H. R. No. 204) to prevent
the payment of certain claims, upon which on
Friday last the previous question was seconded
and the main question ordered. The pending
question is, on the motion of the gentleman
from Indiana, [Mr. Hoi.man,] to reconsider the
vote by which the main question was ordered.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I would
like to know the object of the motion to recon-
sider.
Mr. HOLMAN. The object is, of course,
to recommit the bill.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I do not
see any necessity for recommitment. If the
House is opposed to the bill let it be voted
down. I move to lay on the table the motion
to reconsider.
On agreeing to the motion of Mr. Wash-
Bi nsE, of Illinois, there were—ayes 65, noes 54.
Mr. HOLMAN. I call for tellers.
Tellers were ordered ; and Messrs. Holman
and Basks were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 05, noes 54.
Mr. HOLMAN called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 75, nays 77, not voting
36: as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Allison. Ames, Dclos R. Ashley,
Bailey. Baker, Seaman, Benjamin, Benton, Bing-
ham, Blair. Boutwcll, Bromwell. Buckland. Cake.
Churchill, Reader \V. Clarke, Cobb, Coburn, Cook,
Cornell, Covode, Dawes, Brings, Ela, Eliot, Farns-
worth, Femss, Ferry, Fields, Garfield, Haisey, Hard-
ing, Hill, Hooper, llulburd. Hunter, Judd, Kelsey,
Kctcham, Laflin,William Lawrence, Lincoln, Lough-
ridge, Marvin, McCarthy, Mercur. Moore, Orth,
Paine, Perham. Pike, Plants, Polsley. Pomeroy, Price,
Robert-nn. Seoficld. Selye, Shanks. Smith, Spalding,
Aaron F. Stevens, Taylor,!'pson, Tan Aernam. Burt
Van Horn, Ward, CadwaladerC. Washburn.Elihu B.
Washburne, William B. Washburn, AVelkcr, Thomas
Williams, James F. Wilson, Stephen F. Wilson, and
W indom—75.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Anderson, Arnell, Axtell, ,
Baldwin, Barnes, Barnum, Beck, Boycr, Broomall,
Burr, Cary. Chanter, Sidney Clarke, Dixon, Dodge,
Eckley. Esgleston. Eldridge, Glossbrenner, Golladay,
Gravely, Grover. llaight, Hawkins, Higby, Ilolman,
Hopkins, Ilotchkiss, Chester D. Hubbard, Ingersoll, ;
Jenckes, Johnson, Jones, Julian, Kelley, Kerr. '
Kitchen,Knott, Koontz,Loan. Lynch.Mallory,Mar- 1
shall. Maynard. McCormiek, Miller. Moorhead.Mul- j
lins, Mttngcn, Myers. Newcouib, Niblack, Nicholson, 1
Nunn, O'Neill. Pile, Randall, Raum, Ross,Schenck, 1
Sitgreaves. Starkweather, Stewart, Taber, Taffe, 1
Thomas. Lawrence S. Trimble, Trowbridge, Van !
Aukcn, Robert T. Van Horn, Van Trump, Van 1
Wyck.nonry D. Washburn, William Williams, John
T. Wilson, and Woodward—77. I
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Archer, James M. Ashley,
Banks, Blaine, Brooks. Butler, Cullom, Donnelly,
Finney. Fox, Getz, Gri«woId, Asahel W. Hubbard,
Richard D. Hubbard, Humphrey, George V. Law-
rence, Logan, McClurg, AlcCuIIough, Morgan, Wor-
rell. Morrissey, Peters, Phelps, Poland, Pruyn, Rob-
inson, Sawyer, Shellabarger, Thaddeus Stevens,
Stokes, Stone, John Trimble, Twichell, Wood, and
Woodbridge—36.
So the House refused to lay on the table the
motion to reconsider.
The question then recurred on the motion to
reconsider.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, demanded
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
_ The question was then taken ; and it was de-
cided in the affirmative—yeas 74, nays 72, not
roting 42 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Anderson, Arnell, Axtell,
January 27,
BfiMwin, Barno*. Barnum, Book, Boycr, Burr. Cary,
Chanlor, Sidney Clarke, Dixon, Dodge, Donnelly, Kg-
denton, Kldridse, Ulo^brenncr. Uolladtiy, Gravely,
Haight, Hawkins, Higby, Holman, Hopkins, Ilotch-
kiss. Chester L>. Hubbard, Humphrey, Ingersoll,
Jenckcs, Johnson, Jones, Julian, Kelley, Kerr,
Kitchen, Knott, Koontz. Loan, iMaUory, Marshall,
Mavnard, MoCoruiiek, Miller, Moore, Morrissey,
Mullin«,M u njren. M vers, Newoouib, Nihlack, Nich-
olson, Xunn, Pile, Plants, Randall, liaum, Iioss,
Schenck, Sitgreaves, Starkweather, Stewart, TaiTc,
Thomas, Lawjenee S. Tumble, Trowbridge. Van
Auken, llobcrt T. Van Horn,Van Trump,Vnn Wyck,
Henry 1). Washburn, Jauies K. WiUon, and Wood-
ward—74.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Dclos R. Ashley,
Bailey, Baker, Hanks Beaniftn,Bingham, Blair,Bout-
well, Bromwell. Broomall, Buekhuid, Cake, Church-
ill, Header W. Clarke, Cobb, Coburn, Cook, Covode,
Dawes, Ela, Eliot, Farr.MVorth, FcrrU*. Ferry. Fields,
Garfield, Hardin?, Hill, Hooper, llulburd, llunter,
Judd, Kelsey. Ketcham, Lallin, William Lawrence,
Loughridsjc, Marvin, McCarthy, Merour, O'Neill,
Orth, Paine, Perham, Peters, Pike, PoKlcy, Pome-
roy. Price, llobci tson. Sawyer, Seoficld, Selye, Smith,
Spalding, Aaron F. Stevens Taylor, I p^on,Van Aer-
nam, Burt Van Horn. Ward, Cadwalader C. Wash-
hurn, Elibu B. "Washburne, William B. Washburn.
Wei Iter, Thomas Will iams, William William*. John
T. Wilson. .Stephen F. Wilson, and Woodbridge—72.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Archer, James ftl. Ashley,
Benjamin. Ileuton, Blaine. Brooks, Butler, Cornell,
Cullom. Driggs. Eckley, Finney, Fox. Getz, (iris-
wold. Grover, Haisey, Asahel W. Ilubbard, Richard
D. Hubbard, Ueorge V. Lawrence, Lincoln, Logan,
Lynch, McClurg, McCullough, Moorhead, Morgan,
Morrell, Phelps, Poland, Pruyn, Robinson, Shanks,
Shellabarger, Thaddeus Stevens, Stokes, Stone, Ta-
ber, John Trimble, Twichell, Windom, and Wood—42.
So the motion to reconsider was agreed to.
The question then recurred on ordering the
main question.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I demand
the yeas and nays. We might as well meet
this matter now, and if gentlemen are in favor
of keeping up the system of depleting the
Treasury, to which this bill proposes to put a
stop, let them say so upon the record.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 73, nays 67, not vot-
ing 48; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Delos R. Ashley, Bailey,
Baker, Banks, Beauian, Benton, Buughara, Blair,
Boutwell, Bromwell, Broomall, Buekland, Cake,
Churchill, Header W. Clarke, Cobb, Coburn, Cook,
Cornell,Covode, Ela.Eliot, Farnsworth, Ferriss,Ferry,
Field',Garfield, Ilalsey, Harding, Hill,Hooper, Hop-
kins. Hulburd, Hunter, Judd. Keisey.Ketcharo, Laf-
lin, William Lawrence, Lincoln, Loughridge, Marvin,
McCarthy, Mercur, Moorhead, Orth, Paine. Perham,
Pike. Plants, Polsley, Pomeroy, Price, Robertson,
Sawyer, Scolield. Selye, Smith, Spalding, Aaron F.
Stevens, Taylor,Upson, Van Aernam, Burt Van Horn,
Ward, Cad walader C.W ashburn.ElihuB. Washburne,
William B. Washburn, Welker, Thomas Williams,
■William William?, and Windom—73.
NAYS— Messrs. Adams. Anderson, Arnell, Axtell,
Barnes, Barnum, Beck, Boyer, Cary. Chanler, Dixon,
Eldridge. Glossbrenner, Golladay, Gravely, Grover,
Haight, Hawkins, Higby, Holman, Ilotchkiss, Hum-
>lirey, Ingersoll. Jenckes, Johnson, Jones, Julian,
Cclley. Kerr. Kitchen, Knott, Koontz, Loan, Mal-
lory. Marshall, Maynard, McCormick,Miller,Moore,
Morrissey, Mullins, Mungen, Myers, Newcomb,Nib-
lack, Nicholson, Nunn, O'Neill, Pruyn, Randall,
Ross, Schenck. Sitgreaves, Starkweather, Stewart,
Taber, Taffe, Thomas, Lawrence s. Trimble, Trow-
bridge,Van Auken, Robert T.Van Horn, Van Trump,
Henry D. Washburn, John T. Wilson. Stephen F.
Wilson, and Woodward—67.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Allison. Archer, JamesM.
Ashley, Baldwin, Benjamin, Blaine, Brooks, Burr,
Butler. Sidney Clarke, Cullom, Dawes, Dodge, Don-
nelly, Driggs, Eckley. Eggleston, Finney, Fox, Getz,
Griswold, Asahel W. Ilubbard, Chester D. Ilubbard,
Richard D. Hubbard, George V. Lawrence, Logan,
Lynch, McClurg, McCullough, Morgan, Morrell,
Peters, Phelps, Pile, Poland, Raum, Robinson,
Shanks, Shellabarger, Thaddeus Stevens, Stokes,
Stone, John Trimble, Twichell, Van Wyck, James
F. Wilson, Wood, and Woodbridge—48.
So the question was ordered to be now put.
The question then recurred on Mr. Pile's
amendment, which was read as follows:
At the end of section one add the following pro-
viso:
Provided, That this act shall not apply to claims for
the use or ioss of vessels owned by citizens of loyal
States seized by the Government in insurrectionary
States, now on file in the proper Departments.
On agreeing to the amendment there were—
ayes 33, noes 50; no quorum voting.
Mr. PILE. I demand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were refused.
Tellers were ordered; and the Chair appointed
Messrs. Pile and Eliot.
The House divided; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes thirty-three, noes not counted.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to lay the bill on
the table, and on that I demand the .yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas (30, nays 82, not voting
40; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams. Anderson, Arnell, Axtell,
Barnum, lieck, Buyer, Burr, Cary, Chanlrr, Sidney
Clarke, Cornell, Dodge, Eggleston, Eldridge, Gloss-
brcnner, Golladay, Gravely, Grover, Haight, Haw-
kins, Higby, Holman, Ilotchkiss, Humphrey, Inger-
soll, Jenckes, Johnson, Jones, Kelley, korr, Kitchen,
Knott, Koontz, Mallory, Marshall, Maynard, Mc-
Cormick, Miller, Morrissey,Mullins, Mungen,Myors,
Niblack, Nicholson, Nunn, O'Neill, Pile, Polsley,
Pruyn, Raum, Ross, Schenck, Sitgreaves, Stark-
weather, Taber, Taffe, Thomas, Lawrence S. Trim-
ble, Twichell, Van Auken, Robert T. Van Horn,
Henry 1). Washburn, John T. Wilson, Stephen F.
Wijson, and Woodward—ix>.
NAYS—Messrs. ARison, Ames, Dclos R. Ashley,
James M. Ashley, Bailey, Baker. Baldwin, Banks,
Beauian, Benjamin, Benton, liinghain, Iilair, Bout-
well, Brnoinall, Buckland, Churchill, Reader W.
Clarke, Cobb, Coburn, Cook, Covode, Dawes, Don-
nelly, Driggs.Ela, Farnsworth, Ferriss, Ferry,Fields,
Garfield, Ilalsey, Harding, Hill. Hooper, Hopkins,
Hulburd, Hunter. Judd, Julian, Kelsey, Kctcham,
Lnflin, William Lawrence, Lincoln, Loan, Lough-
ridge, Marvin, McCarthy, Mercur, Moore, Orth,
Paine, PerU.un, Peters, Pike, Plants, Pomeroy, Price,
Robertson. Sawyer, Scolield, Selye, Smith, Spalding,
: Aaron J". Stevens, Stewart, Taylor. Trowbridge. Up-
son, Van Aernam, Burt Van Horn, Van Wyck, Ward,
CadwaladerC. Washburn, Elihu B. Washburne, Wil-
1 liamB. Washburn, Welker. William Williams, James
F. Wilson. Windom, and Woodbridge—82.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Archer, Barnes, Blaine,
. Bromwell, Brooks, Butler, Cake, Cullom, Dixon,
Eckley, Eliot, Finney, B'ox, Getz, Griswold, Asahel
; W. Ilubbard, Chester D. Hubbard, Richard D. Ilub-
bard, Georg# V. Lawrence, Logan. Lynch, McClurg,
i McCullough,Moorhead. Morgan, Morrell, Newcomb,
j Phelps, Poland. Randall,Robinson, Shanks, Shella-
barger, Thaddeus Stevens, Stokes, Stone, Jolin Trim-
ble, Van Trump, Thomas Williams, and Wood—10.
I So the bill was not laid on the table.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed,
| and read a third time.
i Mr. MAYNARD. I demand the reading
I of the engrossed bill.
I Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move
1 to reconsider the vote by which the bill was
ordered to be engrossed and read a third time,
: and on that I demand the yeas and nays,
i Mr. SCOFIELD. I rise to a question of
| order. What will be the effect if the bill goes
over now?
The SPEAKER. If upon the call for the
reading of the engrossed bill it is not present,
it goes upon the Speaker's table, and it can be
reached after the morning hour each day.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I ask the gentleman not
to interpose any dilatory motion.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. It will not
take five minutes to engross the bill. I with-
draw the motion to reconsider and move that
the House do now adjourn; and on that I call
the yeas and nays.
Mr. HOLMAN. Nothing will be gained by
the call for the reading of the engrossed bill,
and I appeal to the gentleman from Tennessee
to let us take a direct vote on the bill.
Mr. MAYNARD. I am not here to make
issues or make records. I desire that the
House shall pause before it passes a measure
which I believe to be wrong.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 38, nays 91, not voting
59; as follows:
YEAS —Messrs. Cake, Cary, Chanler, Sidney
Clarke, Cornell, Ferriss, Glossbrenncr, Golladay,
Grover. Haight, Hawkins, Higby, Hill, Holman, Hop-
kins, Ilotchkiss, Richard D. Hubbard, Humphrey,
Ingersoll, Jenckes, Jones, Kerr, Kitchen, Logan,
Marshall, Morrissey, Mullins, Mungen, Niblack,
Nunn, Pile, Pruyn. Randall, Scolield, Sitgreaves,
Smith, Van Aukcn, and Woodward—38.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Anderson. Arnell,
Delos It. Ashley, James if. Ashley, Bailey, Baldwin,
Banks, Beatnan, Benjamin. Bingham, Blair, Bout-
well, Bromwell, Broomall, Buckland. Churchill.
Reader W.Clarke,Cobb,Coburn, Cook, Covode, Dix-
on, Donnelly, Driggs, Ela, Eliot, Farnsworth, Fields,
Garfield, Haisey, Harding, Chester D. Hubbard, llul-
burd, Hunter, Johnson. Judd, Julian, Kelley, Kel-
sey, Koontz, Laflin, William Lawrence, Lincoln,
Loan, Lynch, Marvin, McCarthy, McClurg, McCor-
mick, Mercur. Miller, Moore, Moorhead, Myers,
Newcomb, O'Neill, Orth, Paine, Perham, Peters,
Pike, Plants, Polsley, Pomeroy, Price, Robertson,
Ross, Selye, Spalding, Starkweather, Aaron F. Ste-
vens, Taffe, Taylor, Thomas, Lawrence S. Trimble,
Trowbridge, Twichell, Upson, Van Aernam, Burt
Van Horn,Ward, CadwaladerC, Washburn, EliuuB.
