784
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 27,
ADDITIONAL LEGAL-TKNDER NOTES. i
Mr. IXGERSOLL. I ask unanimous con-
sent to introduce. tor consideration at the
present time, a bill authorizing an 'additional
i-<ue of '.esial-tender notes to the amount of
<4">,U(K).0Uii. and for other purposes.
Mr. WASHBl'RNE, of Illinois, and others
objected.
Mr. INGEUSOLL. Verv well. I give notice
that on the first opportunity 1 will introduce
the bill aud press its consideration.
NATIONAL FINANCES.
Mr. HOTTWELL. I ask unanimous con-
sent to >ubmit for consideration at the present
time the following resolution:
Hrmlrnl, That the Committee of Ways and Means
consider the expediency of providing by law—
I. That the Secretary of the Treasury shall givo
public notice, whenever the amount of coin in the
Treasury belonging to the United States exceeds
tJi.«« .( W. that he will anticipate the payment of
interest then first to become due upon the bonds of
the I'nited States to an amount near a< may be
of the excess of coin over said SJO.OOO.nUO; sueh pay-
ments to be subject to a rebate of interest at the rato
specified in the bonds.
II. That a new loan of $<500,000,000. with interest at
the rate of six per cent., payable semi-annually,
shall be anthoriied. principal and interest payable
in coin, upon the following conditions, namely :
1. Said loan shall be issued to citiiensof the United
States only, and not transferable or payable to any
person not a citizen of the I'nited States.
That said loan shall be payable in sum? of
*.\o,0nft,t«)0 per annum, the first "urn of JMt.ilftO.OOO to
he made payable on the 1st of January, ]and h
like sum of SoO.iXk'.OC*) to he payable on the 1st day
of January in each year ihercatter.
X That s ii<l lo ,n --hall be subieet to State and local
taxation, but not at a rate greater than the rate of
su.'h taxation upon other moneyed securities, nor to
an amount exceeding one per centum in any one
year.
1. That holders of bonds known a? five-twenty
bonds may exchange such bonds for the bonds herein
Sp^i'fiid.
III. That a new loan of *400,000.000. principal and
interest payable in coin, interest at the rate of four
and a half per cent., be authorized upon the condi-
tions following:
1. That the principal nnd interest tnav be made
pavable either in the United States or at Frankfort,
or London, at the option of the taker.
"J. Th.i' «aid loan shall beinade payable as follows:
£>'m>h,iioi) nn the lKt day of January, 1900, and So'l,-
00c.i } on the 1st day of January of each succeeding
year until the whole of said $400,000,000 shall have
been paid.
That neither said bonds nor the interest thereon
shall be taxable either by the authority of the United
Stati s or by the authority of any State or muni-
cipal?-.
4. That holders of bonds known as five-twenty
bonds may exchange such bonds for the bonds herein
specified.
IV. That the Secretary of the Treasury be prohib-
ited from making sales of gold.
Sevtral members objected.
TRIAL OF JOHN' It. SI'RRATT, ETC.
Mr. VAX WYCK, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution ; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of State be directed
to intorin this House of the cost of the arrest and trial
of John H. Surratt. whether the proceedings on said
trial have been published in book form, and if so, bjr
what authority aud at what expense. *
STATISTICS OF NAVAL SERVICE.
Mr. SELYE, bv unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Itenlvf'l, That the Secretary of the Navy be in-
structed to report to this House a statement of the
number of vessels owned by the United States Gov-
ernment on the 1st of January, ISil, the capacity
and number oftheir armancnt, and value and quan-
tity of munitions of war: the number of ofiiecrs and
men employed at that time in the naval service nnd
their annual pay and compensation, together with
the annual expenses of the entire Naval Depart-
ment lor five years preceding that day.
VESSELS FOR WAK DEPARTMENT.
Mr. RANDALL, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution; which was
read, con.-idered, and agreed to:
Jimohrd, That the Secretary of War be directed to
communicate to this House the following informa-
tion :
1. The number of vessels built for the War De-
partment since Aprill, 1161, their nainesand tonnage,
when built, where built, by whom built, and the cost
Of eai-h TWX'I.
2. Tiif number and names of all vessels of every de-
scription, and the tonnage of each vessel, purchased
by or for the War Department since April 1. 18 >1,
when and where purchased, by whom purchased, the
amount paid for each vessel, and the amount of com-
missions paid on such purchase and to whom; how
many of such vessels have been lost or destroyed,
and how many of them have been sold, the names
of those sold, when sold, to whom sold, and whether
at public or private sale, and for how much sold, and
the names of the parties selling them or in any wise
connected with -uch sale: how niaio of said vessels,
and the name* and tonnage thei eof, remain unsold,
timl where siult uftsokl ve-.-els now are, and what is
the use to wliuh they havo been put.
the number and names of all vessels of every
description, and the tonnaire of each vessel, chartered
by or for the War Department since April 1,1S01, the
rate of sueh charter and the total amount paid in each
case, and to whom; the amount of commissions for
procuring such charters and to whom paid; how many
of said vessels were lost, and how much was paid for
vessels lo t, and. if any chartered ve.-sels aro now in
its service, to what use they have been put.
S0UT1ILRX LAND CHANTS.
Mr. ROSS. I call for the regular order.
The SPEAKER. The regular order is the
bill (II. It. No. -o7) to declare forfeited to the
United States certain lands granted to aid in
the construction of railroads in the States of
Alabama, Mississippi, and Florida, and for
other purposes. On this bill the gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. .Jri.iAx] is entitled to the
floor for twenty-live minutes. Before the gen-
tleman proceeds the Chair will, if there is no
objection, lay before the House several exec-
utive communications.
VOLUNTEER OFFICERS.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent,
i laid before the House a communication from
I the Secretary of War, transmitting a report of
the Adjutant General, containing information
relative to volunteer officers ; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
IMPROVEMENT OF SAVANNAH KIVER.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a communication
from the Secretary of the Treasury, in reply to
a resolution of the House of the 16th instant,
relative to a contract made in 1866 for the re-
moval of obstructions in the Savannah river;
which was referred to the Committee on Com-
merce, and ordered to be printed.
TREASURY DEPARTMENT CONTINGENT FUND.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous coil-
sent, laid before the House a communication
from the Secretary of the Treasury, transmit-
ting, in compliance with the act of August 20,
18-12, sundry reports showing the state of the
i contingent fund of the Treasury Department
; forthe fiscal yearending June 00, 1807 ; which,
I on motion of Mr. Marvin, was referred to the
Committee on Expenditures of the Treasury
Department, and ordered to be printed.
SOLDIERS IX ALASKA.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, also
laid before the House a communication from
the Secretary of War, transmitting a report
1 from the Adjutant General in reference to the
alleged suffering of the LTnited States soldiers
in Alaska; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, and ordered to be
priu ted.
SURVEY OF ILLINOIS KIVER.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, also
laid before the House a communication from
the Secretary of War, transmitting, in compli-
ance with law, a report from the chief of engin-
eers respecting the survey of the Illinois river ;
which was referred to the Committee on Roads
aud Canals, and ordered to be printed,
i IMPORTATION OF FOREIGN STOCK.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, also
laid before the House a communication from
the Commissioner of Agriculture relative to
the importance of a modification of the tax of
twenty per cent, upon the importation of for-
eign stock ; which was referred to the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means, and ordered to be
printed.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I desire to announce
that my colleague, Mr. Ccllom, is confined to
i his house by illness.
■' I will also state that in The Globe I am re-
ported as voting for the bill which provided
that the supreme court of this District should
appoint the marshal, when in reality I voted
against it.
ADDITIONAL ISSUE OF LEGAL-TENDER NOTES.
Mr. INGERSOLL, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (II. U. No. 5K">) authorizing
an additional issue of legal-tender notes to
the amount of $-lo,000,000, and for other pur-
poses ; which was read a lirst and second time,
referred to the Committee of Ways and Means,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr ALLISON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was referred ; and also moved
that tlio motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
OBSTRUCTION TO TIIE LAWS.
Mr. SPALDING asked unanimous consent
to submit the following resolution:
liemhed, That the Committee on Reconstruction
be authorized to inquire what combinations havo
been made or attempted to be made to obstruct the
due execution of the laws ; and to that end the com-
mittee have power to send for persons aud papers and
to examine witnesses on oath, and report to this
House what action, if any, they may deem necessary.
Mr. ROSS. That is to get up a " campaign
document," and I object.
Mr. SPALDING moved that the rules be
suspended.
Mr. NIBLACK demanded the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
; Mr. SPALDING modified the resolution so
i the committee shall have leave to report at
1 any time.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 103, nays 37, not voting
48; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Anderson, Arnell,
Delos It. Ashley, James M. Ashley, Bailey, Baker,
Baldwin, Banks, lleaman, Benjamin, Bingham,
Blair, ISoutwell, Bromwcll, Brooinall, Buekland,
Churchill, Header W. Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Cobb,
Coburn, Cook, Cornell, Covodc, Dawes, Dixon, Don-
nelly, Driggs, Eliot, FarnMvorlh, Fcrriss, Ferry,
Fields, Garfield, Gravely, Hauling, Iligby, Hooper,
Hopkins, Chester D. Hubbard, Hulburd, Hunter,
Ingcrsoll, Jenekes, Judd, Julian, Kelley, Kelsey,
Kitchen, Ivoontz, William Lawrence, Lincoln, Loan,
Logan, Loughridge, Lynch, Mallory, Marvin, May-
nard, McCarthy, MeClurg, Mercur, Moore, Moor-
head, ilorrell Mullins, Myers, Newcomb, Nunn,
! O'Neill, Orth, Paine, Perliam, Pile, I'olsley, Pome-
roy. Price, Raum, Robertson, Sawyer, Scofield,
J Sbanks, Smith, Spalding, Starkweather, Aaron F.
Stevens, Taylor, Thomas. Trowbiidge. Upson, Vail
Aernam, Burt Van Horn, Van Wyck, Ward, William
B. Washburn, Welker, Thomas Williams, William
j Williams, James F. Wilson, John X. Wilson, aud
I Woodbridge—l(t5.
i NAYS —Messrs. Adams, Barnes, Barnum, Beck,
'| Boycr, l!urr, Cary, Chanler, Eldridgc, Glossbrenncr,
i' Goiladay, Grover, Ilaight, Hawkins, Hoi man, Hotch-
;i kiss, Asahel W. Hubbard, RichardD. Hubbard, llum-
: phrev, Johnson, Jones, Kerr, Knott, Marshall, Mc-
Cormick, Morrissey. Mungen, Niblack, Nicholson,
Pruyn. Knndall, Ross, 'l'abcr, Lawrence S. Trimble.
Elihu B. Wiishburne, Windoin, and Woodwaid—37.
NUT VOTING—Messrs. Archer, Axtell, Benton,
■ Blaine, Brooks, Butler, Cake, Cullom, Dodge, Eck-
Icy, Eggleston. Ela, Finney, Fox, Getz, Griswold.
Ilalsey, Hill, Ketcham, Laflin, George V. Lawrence,
McCullough, Miller. Morgan. Peters. Phelps. Pike,
Plants, Poland, Robinson, Schenck, Selyc, Shella-
bargcr, Sitgreaves, Thaddeus Stevens, Stewart,
Stokes, Stone, Taffe, John Trimble. Twichcll, Van
Aukcn, Robert T. Van Horn, Van Trump, Cadwal-
adcr C. Washburn, Ilcnry D. Washburn, Stephen F.
Wilson, and Wood—18.
So the rules of the House were Suspended,
more than two thirds voting in the affirmative.
Mr. ELDRIDGE moved that the resolution
be laid on the table, and demanded the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 33, nays 104, not voting
51; as follows:
YEAS— Messrs. Adams,Barnes, Beek, Boyer, Burr,
Chanler, Eldridgc, Glos-breiiner, Goiladay. Grover,
Ilaight, llolman, Hotchkiss. Richard D. Hubbard.
Humphrey, Johnson, Jones, Kerr, Knott, Marshall,
MeCormiek,Morrissey, Mungen, Niblack, Nicholson,
Pruyn, Randall, Ross, Taber, Lawrence S. Trimble,
Elihu B. Washburne, Windom, and Woouward—33.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Anderson, Arnell,
James M. Ashley, B liley, llaker, Baldwin, Banks,
Beaman, Benjamin, Benton, lSiniham, Blair, Bout-
well, Bromwcll, Brooinall, Buekland, Cake, Gary,
Churchill. Reader W. Clarke, Sidney Claike, Cobb,
Coburn, Cook, Cornell, Covode, Dixon, Donnelly,
Driggs, Eckley, Eliot, Farnsworth, Ferris?, r erry.
