ism.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
785
Fields, Garfield, Higby.Howcr, Hopkins, As&hel
AY.Hubbard,Chester!). Hubbard, Hultmrd,Hunter,
InKersoll, Jenckes, Judd, Julian, Kelley, Kelsey,
Lntlin, William Lawrence, Lincoln, Logan, Lough-
ridge, Lynch, Mallory, Marvin, Alayniud. McCarthy,
MvClurg, Meriur, Moore, Moorhead, Mullins, Myers,
Neweouib, Xunn, O'Neill, Orlh, Paine, Periiam, '
Peters, Poland, Polsley, Pomeroy. Prico, liaum,Rob-
ertson, Sawyer, Schenck, Seotield, Solye, Shanks,
Spaldin?, Aaron F. Stevens, 'l'affo. Taylor, Thomas,
Trowbridge, Twichell, Upson, Van Aernam, Burt
Van Horn, Robert X. Van Horn. Van Wyck. Henry
IX Washburn, William B. Washburn, Welker,
Thomas Williams, William Williams, James F. Wil-
son, and Stophcn F. Wilson—104.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Archer, Delos R. Ashley,
Axtell, Baruuru, Blaine, Brook?, Butler. Culloin,
Dawes, Dodge, Eggleston, Ela, Finney, Fox, Geti,
Gravely, GHswold, Halsey, Harding, Hawkins, Hill,
Ketcham, Kitchen, Koontf, George V. Lawrence,
Loan, McCullough, Miller, Morgan, Morrell, Phelps,
Pike, Pile, Plants, Robinson, Shcllabarger, Sit-
irreives, Smith, Starkweather. Thaddeus Stevens,
btewart, Stokes, Stone, John Trimble, Van Auken,
Van Trump, Ward, Cadwalador C. Washburn, John
T. Wilson, Wood, anfl Woodbridge—51.
So the House refused to lay the resolution
on the table.
Mr. N1BLACK. Imavethat when the House
adjourns to-day it adjourn to meet on Wednes-
day next.
The motion was disagreed to.
The previous question was then seconded.
Mr. ROSS. I move that the House adjourn.
The question was put, and appearing to be
lost,
Mr. ELD RIDGE demanded the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 34, nays 88, not voting
66; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Barnes, Barnum, Beck,
Burr, Cary, Ohanler, Eldridge, GU sbrenner, Golla-
day, Grover, Haight, Ilolroan, tlotchkiss, Humphrey.
Johnson, Jones, Kelley, Knott, Marshall, McCormick,
Moorhead. Morrissoy, Mungcn, Niblack, Nicholson,
Pomeroy, Pruyn, Randall, Taber, Lawrenee S. Trim-
ble, Aran Auken, Windom, and Woodward—34.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison. Ames, Anderson, Arnell,
James M. Ashley, Bailey, Baker, Baldwin, Banks,
Beaman, Benjamin, Benton, Bingham, Boutwell,
Buckland, C.ike, Churchill, Reader W.Clarke, Sidney
Clarke, Cobb, Cornell, Covode. Dixon, Donnelly,
Driggs, Ela, Eliot, Farnsworth, Ferriss, Ferry, Fields,
Harding, Hawkins, Higby, Hopkins, Chester D. Hub-
bard, llunter, Ingersoll, Jenckes, Judd, Julian, Kel-
sey, Koontz, Laflin, William Lawrence, Lincoln,
Lynch, Mallory, Marvin, McCarthy, McClarg, Mer-
cur. Moore, Mullins, Myers, Newcomb, Nunn,
O'Neill, Orth, Paine, Perham, Peters, Poland, Pols-
ley, Priee, Robertson, Sawyer, Scofield.Selye, Shanks,
Spalding, Starkweather.Taffe, Taylor/Thomas, Trow-
bridge.Twichell,Upson,Van Aernam. Burt Van Horn,
Robert T. Van Horn, CadwaladcrC.Washburn, Klihu
B. Washburne. Henry D.Washburn, William B.Wash-
burn, Welker, William Williams, and James F.Wil-
son—88.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Archer, Delos R. Ashley,
Axtell, Blaine, Blair. Boyer, Bromwell, Brooks,
Broomail, Butler, Coburn, Cook, Cullom, Dawes,
Dodge, Eckley. figgleston, Finney, Fox, Garfield,
Gets, Gravely, Griswold, Halsey, Hill, Hooper, Asahel
W. Hubbard, Richard D. Uubhnrd, Hulburd, Kerr,
Ketcham.Kitehen.GeorKcV.Lawience.Loiua.Logan,
Loughridge, Maynard, McCullough, Miller, Morgan,
Morrell. Phelps, Pike, Pile, Plants, Ranm, Robinson,
Ross, Schenck, Shellabarger, Sitgreaves, Smith,
Aaron F. Steven«, Thaddeus Steyens-Stewart, Stokes,
Stone, John Trimble, Van Trump, Van Wyck, Ward,
Thomas Williams, John T. Wilson, Stephen F.Wilson,
Wood, and Woodbridge—66.
So the House refused to adjourn.
The main question was then ordered.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I demand the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 99, nays 81, not voting
58 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Arnell, James M.
Ashley, Bailey, Baldwin, Banks, Beaman, Benton,
Bingham, Blair, Boutwell, Broomall, Buakland,
Cake, Cary, Reader W. Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Cobb,
Coburn, Cook, Corn ell, Oovode, Dixon, Dodge, Don-
nelly, Driggs, Eckley, Eggleston, Ela, Eliot, Farns-
worth, Ferriss, Ferry, Field#, Harding, Higby,
Hooper, Hopkins, Chester D. Hubbard, Hulburd,,
Hunter, Ingersoll, Jenckes, Jndd, Julian, Kelley,
Kelsey, Koontz, Laflin, William Lawrence, Lincoln,
Logan, Lynch, Mallory, Maynard, McCarthy, Mc-
Clurg, Mercur, Moore, Moorhead, Mullins, Myers,
Newcomb, O'Neill, Orth, Paine, Perham, Peters,
Pike, Pile, Poland, Polsley, Pomeroy, Price, Sawyer,
Schenck, Scofiekl, Selye, Shanks, Spalding, Stark-
weather. Aaron F. Stevens, Taffe, Taylor, Thomas,
Trowbridge, Twichell, Upson, Van Aernam, Burt
Van Horn, Robert T. Van Horn. Van Wyck, Cad-
walader C. Washburn, Henry D. Washbnrn, Welker,
Thomas Williams, William Williams, and James F.
Wilson—99.
KAYS — Messrs. Adami, Barnum, Beok, Burr.
40th Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 50.
Chanler, Eldridge, Glassbrenner, Goliad oy.Grqrer,
Ilaisht, Ilolman, Hotchkiss, Humphrey, Johnson,
Jones, Kerr, Knott, McCormick, Mungen, Niblack,
Nicholsou, Phelps, Pruyn, Randall, Iloss, Taber,
Laivreuce S. Trimble, Van Aiikon. Liihu B. Wash-
burne, Wimlom, and Woodward—31. I
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Anderson, Archer, Delos
R. Ashley, Axtell, Baker, Barnes, Benjamin, Blaine, ]
Boyer, Bi omwell, Brooks, Butk>r, Churchill, Cullom,
Dawes, Finney, Fox, Garfield, Getz, Gravely, Gris-
wold, Halsey, Hawkins, Hill, Asabel W. Hubbard,
Richard D. Hubbard, Kelcham, Kitchen, George
V. Lawrence, Lo in, Loughridgo, Marshall, Marvin,
McCullough, Miller, Morgan, Morrell, Morrissey,
Nunn, Plants, llaum, Robertson, Robinson, Sbel-
laharger, Sitgreaves, Smith, Thaddeus Stevens,
Stewart, Stokes, Stone, John Trimble, Van Trump,
Ward. William B. Washburn, John T. Wilson, Ste-
phen F. Wilson, Wood, and Woodbridge—58.
So tie resolution was agreed to.
j During the roll call,
! Mr. LAFLIN stated that liis colleague, Mr.
Marvix, was paired with Mr. Morisjssei-. Mr.
Marvin, if present, would vote ay.
The result having been announced as above
recorded,
Mr. SPALDING moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was adopted ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. ELDRIDGE moved that the House
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to j and thereupon
! (at four o'clock and fifteen minutes p. m.) the
House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committee:
By the SPEAKER : The petition of C. Hut-
ton, aged seventy-six, P. Thornton, aged
eighty-four, U. Grant, aged eighty, Mr. Marion,
aged seventy-four, W. Moore, aged seventy-
live, of Jasper county, Indiana, soldiers of
the war of 1812, for a bill granting the soldiers
i of the war of 1812 pensions.
! Also, the petition of Egbert T. Smith and 10
' others, citizensof New York, graying that Con-
• gress will assist the starving people of Tunis.
By Mr. BROOMALL: The petition of citi-
zens of the United States residing in North
Carolina, praying fo  the passage of a law re-
moving all political disabilities from S. Mc-
Donald, so that he may accept the office of
postmaster at Buckingham, North Carolina.
By Mr. BUCKLAND: The petition of J.
W. Waterson, late a lieutenant in the seventy-
second regiment Ohio volunteer infantry, for
j relief.
By Mr. DAWES: The petition ofStimpson
& Co., and others, as to taxation on piano legs.
By Mr. FIELD: The petition of Asa J. Hol-
com, asking for a pension.
By Mr. CAKE: The petition of citizens of
Schuylkill county, Pennsylvania, numerously
signed, in favor of protection to American labor
and industry, setting forth that the whole
country is suffering from the heavy importation
of various fabrics produced by the low labor,
cheap capital, and immense machinery built
up in Europe under their protective systems;
also, that our difficulties are greatly increased
by the uncertainty which prevails on account
of the failure of the tariff bill before the last
Congress, and the apparent disinclination to
meet the question now.
By Mr. DRIGGS: The petition of citizens
of Houghton, Lake Superior, for an extension
of time for completing military wagon road
from Wisconsin to Houghton and Keweenaw
counties, Lake Superior, Michigan.
By Mr. FERRY: The petition of Lieutenant
John Dean, of Elmira, Grand Traverse county,
Michigan, praying that act of Congress shall
be so amended that all offioers below grade of
brigadier general being in commission before
the 3d of March, 1865, and served faithfully
until mustered out, shall be entitled to benefits
of act giving three months' extra pay to said
class of officers who were in eom mission after
the 3d of March, 1805.
Also, the petition of'N. W. Nelson, Benja-
min Farley, John Le Rue, George Ray, and
260 others, praying for the establishment of a
mail route from Mauistee via Portage Lake,
Huntington's Dock, and Herring Lake to Frank-
fort, thence via Platte and Empire Dock to
Glen Arbor, Michigan.
By Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts: The
memorial of the Massachusetts Horticultural
Society, for repeal of duty on imported trees,
plants, and shrubs.
By Mr. JENCKES: The petition of citizens
of Washington/praying for pavement of Indi-
ana and Louisiana avenues.
By Mr. JONES: The memorial and petition
from citizens of Harrison county, Kentucky,
praying Congress to take such legislative action
as will define the status of American citizens
abroad and to compel the Government of Great
Britain to recognize the validity of the natu-
ralization of those citizeus she holds in durance,
and to reinstate them in the liberties and im-
munities of which they have been deprived, in
violation of their rights.
Also, the petition and claim of Richard Ever-
son, for rent of property and damages done by
Federal troops.
By Mr. MERCUR: The petition of Martha
S. Woodward, widow of Warren L. Woodward,
late of Bradford county, Pennsylvania, asking
for a pension for herself and child.
By Mr. N1BLACK: A memorial of the com-
mon council of the city of Evansville, Indiana,
praying the establishment of a United States
district court in that city.
By Mr. PIKE: The petition of Captain
George W. Colvocoresses, to be restored to
the active list in the Navy.
By Mr. RAUM: The petition of Hugh Worth-
ington, of Metropolis, Illinois, for compen-
sation for three fifths of the steamer Eastport.
By Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania: The
petition of citizens of Lancaster city, Pennsyl-
vania, setting forth the necessity of Govern-
ment buildings for post office, internal revenue,
and other public purposes, and praying for an
appropriation to erect the same.
By Mr. VAN HORN, of Missouri: The peti-
tion of John R. Ray, of Missouri.
Also, the petition of William O. Dodge, of
Missouri.
By Mr. WELKER: The petition of Agnes
Cox, widow of James Cox, late of company B,
first Ohio heavy artillery, asking for a pension.
notice of a bill.
The following notice for leave to introduce
a bill was given under the rule:
By Mr. MYERS: A bill to regulate the
appointment of Government agents.
IN SENATE.
TuesdaTj January 28, 1868.
Prayer by Rev. E. H. Gray, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read nod
approved.
ROBERT M. PATIOS.
Mr. CONKLING. I perceive that on the
division of the Senate yesterday, pending the
bill relieving Governor Patton from disabili-
ties, the name of my colleague [Mr. Morgan]
does not appear. I beg to state that he was
detained from the Senate on yesterday by
indisposition. That is the- reason of the ab-
sence of his name.
petitions and memorials.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore presented
resolutions of the constitutional convention of
the State of Virginia in favor of extending the
period during which the first clause of the bank-
rupt act shall operate, and that modification
be made in regard to exemptions by increasing
the value of such exemptions and providing for
the exemption of real and personal property
at the option of the bankrupt; which were
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore presented
the following memorial from the constitutional
