18(58.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
787
which was read and passed to the second
reading.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire,
from the joint select Committee on Retrench-
ment, reported a bill (S. No. 296) in addition
to an act entitled "An act regulating the ten-
ure of certain civil officers;" which was read
twice by its title ; and he gave notice that he
would call it up to-morrow morning, and that
it was in the nature of a substitute for a bill
on the same subject heretofore reported by
him.
Mr. ANTHONY, from the Committee on
Printing, to whom was referred a resolution to
print additional copies of the message of the
President of the United States, communicating
the result of the international monetary con-
ference, reported it without amendment; and
it was considered and agreed to, as follows:
Resolved, That two thousand additional copies of
the President's message of the 17th of December,
1867, and of the accompanying papers, relating to
the international monetary conference held at Paris
in June and July last, be printed for the use of the
Department of State.
suspension of secretary stanton.
Mr. ANTHONY. The Committee on Print-
ing, to whom was referred a resolution for the
priuting of additional copies of the report of
the Committee on Military Affairs, and of the
views of the minority of that committee in
relation to the suspension of Hon. E. M.
Stanton from the office of Secretary of War,
report it back, and recommend its passage. I
ask for its present consideration.
By unanimous consent the Senate proceeded
to consider the following resolution :
Resolved, That ton thousand copies of the reports of
the majority and minority of the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs and the Militia in regard to the sus-
pension of Hon. Edwin M. Stanton from the office
of Secretary of War be printed for the use of the
Senate.
Mr. CONNESS. I am not prepared to vote
for the publication of these copies. The whole
country has been furnishW with this report
and the views of the minority in the newspa-
pers. It is now a past event in which there is
no considerable interest, at least, centering
any longer. If political parties on either side
want to draw sustenance or strength from the
circulation of either of these documents, I
hope it will be left for them to publish them at
their own expense. This seems to me to be
one of those documents the publication of
which ought not to be indulged in by Congress.
With the economical fit upon the country, and
the great need of it, I think we may begin here,
little as this item may be. I hope the resolu-
tion will not pass.
Mr. ANTHONY. The printing will cost
about sixty-five or seventy dollars.
Mr. CONNESS. That is very cheap.
Mr. BUCKALEW. The expense of this
printing, of course, will be quite insignificant.
It will not make a sensible amount in the ex-
penditures of Congress for this object—print-
ing; but it occurs to me that if we issue a
pamphlet to the people, giving them inform-
ation about the case of Mr. Stanton, we
ought to publish the President's message on
that subject. That message and the report of
the majority of the committee and the views
of the minority are all connected together,
and any person in the country that wants to
understand this case ought to have all the
documents under his eye at one time. There-
fore, if we are to give information to the people,
it will be necessary to accompany this public-
ation with the President's message. Tliecost
of the entire pamphlet so made up would, as I
remarked before, be exceedingly small; but
the only object of printing this document being
to give the people of the bountry information
about what has taken place here, and enable
them to form a judgment upon the merits of
the controversy between the President and the
Secretary of War, it is manifestly proper to
print the whole case, and not a part of it.
Every man who will get your pamphlet will be
inquiring about the President's message, which
is referred to in this report and in the views of
the minority. I move to amend by inserting
"and also the messag«Sof the President of the
United States, communicating his reasons for
the removal of Mr. Stanton, to the Senate."
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. I appre-
hend that would not be in order, inasmuch as
the injunction of secrecy has not been removed
from the publication of that message, I believe.
Mr. BUCKALEW. We can hardly debate
that question in open Senate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That is the
difficulty.
Mr. BUCKALEW. Under my view of the
subject, there is no injunction of secrecy which
applies to that message.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It was con-
sidered in executive session, and I do not know
that it was determined whether that was an
executive document or not. There was some
doubt expressed about it; but I believe all
that fras said about it was in executive session,
and that leads me to doubt whether it is in order
to amend the resolution in the way proposed.
Perhaps I am wrong about it, however.
Mr. JOHNSON. The message found its
way into the papers in some way or other, I
do not know how; but it was received in ex-
ecutive session, considered in executive ses-
sion, and the reports which we are now asked
i to print were also made in executive session.
There is, therefore, no more impropriety, it
I seems to me, in directing the message to be
published in connection with the reports than
there is in directing the reports themselves to
be published so far as concerns the character
of the papers. That the reports ought to be
published, with all due respect to my friend
from California, I think is verjfcclear. It is true
that they have been more or less circulated
throughout the country; but they have very
rarely been published at large. Both reports,
I think, are drawn up with very great ability.
The majority report presents the case according
to the view taken by the members of the commit-
tee, who concur with the majority report in very
strong terms ; and I think the report made by
the minority of the committee is equally char-
acterized by ability. It seems to me that the
public are interested in knowing what views
are entertained by such a committee as the one
making these reports. It is a grave question ;
it involves the construction of an act of Con-
gress supposed by some to be unconstitutional
and perhaps by many who have not made up
their minds on the question of constitutionality
to be of very doubtful validity. I think the
public mind ought to have all the light that
can be afforded by the researches and the rea-
soning of the several members of the commit-
tee. It was for that reason that, as one of the
members of the Committee on Printing, I con-
curred with the rest of the members, for we
were, I believe, unanimous on the subject in
reporting to the Senate that in our opinion the
number of copies stated in the report just made
by the chairman of the committee should be
published.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. I will state
that, as I understand, the injunction of secrecy
was removed from both reports, but not from
the message. That is my recollection, and I
believe it corresponds with that of the Chief
Clerk.
Mr. CONNESS. But the message has gone
out to the public, and the removal of the injunc
tion of secrecy is a matter of mere form.
Mr. CONKLING. If the injunction of
secrecy had been removed from this message
I think the Senate might well justify itself in
the publishing of these two reports and the
omission of the message; and for this reason
the President (whether in violation of any duty
or any rule of decorum or not everybody will
judge for himself) chose, having transmitted
this message to the Senate as an executive and
confidential document, almost simultaneously
with that transmission to deliver it to the rep-
resentatives of the press for publication. It
was not published unexpectedly to him, as was
the majority report published unexpectedly to
the chairman of the committee; but confess-
edly it was furnished by the author of the mes-
sage to the representatives of the press for pub-
lication. I have my own view and Senators
have theirs of the propriety of such a proceed-
ing as that; but, at all events, suffice it to say
for this purpose the President elected in his
own way, and in his own extraordinary way,
to give publicity to this document.
Now, I think it may fairly be said that, the
President haying taken his own way of giving
so wide and universal a circulation to his mes-
sage, the Senate is not bound to publish it for
public information, or even for form's sake,
or even in that consideration of respect which,
perhaps, ordinarily might make it exceptional
and invidious to omit this document if the
others are to be published. Then if we are to
do this thing at all I think, for myself, I shall
be content to vote for the publication of these
reports without including this message, which,
in advance of anything that we could do, has
been published without our knowledge and
without our consent.
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator from Penn-
sylvania moves that we print another docu-
ment. The Chair, I think, has very well inti-
mated that the motion is hardly in order; but
the point of order which I now rise to make
upon it is whether under our rules we can pro-
ceed to print another document without hav-
ing the motion referred to the Committee on
Printing. Can we adopt a motion to print
extra copies of the message of the President
by attaching it as an amendment to this
report of the Committee on Printing, it not
having been referred to the committee itself?
Mr. GRIMES. I move that the subject be
postponed until to-morrow.
Mr. POMEROY. I should like the opinion
of the Chair on my point of order.
Mr. GRIMES. It is unnecessary that the
point of order should be decided if the Senate
is in favor of postponing the subject.
Mr. BUCKALEW. After the remarks of
the Senator from New York [Mr. Conkling]
I am obliged to say a word or two further.
The Senator's remarks impeach the conduct of
the President in permitting the publication of
his message to the Senate, in my judgment,
without any foundation in justice. There is
no reason why an executive communication
from the President of the United States shall
be any more private than a legislative one.
Either may be public : legislative ones always
are, and executive ones may be. I understand
that the Senate of the United States have
always had a rule, and that is the only rule on
the subject, that communications transmitted
them and marked "confidential" by the Pres-
ident are not to be given to the public; the
Senate are to take them into consideration in
secret session, and the duty of secrecy remains
under the rule until the Senate formally re-
move it by some subsequent vote. This mes-
sage was not sent by the President to the Sen-
ate as a confidential communication.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. I will state
to the Senator that it was marked like all the
rest of the executive documents, " executive,"
and considered in executive session.
Mr. BUCKALEW. It was simply an'exec-
utive message, and so indicated on the outside.
It was not marked " confidential," and it was
not treated as conflBential by the President of
the United States, who had perfect control
over it. The case does not differ at all from
the ordinary one of a legislative message sent
to ns at the opening of the session and ordina-
rily furnished by the President to all the lead-
ing newspapers of the country in advance of
its transmission to Congress, with a simple in-
junction that it shall not be actually printed
until it is delivered here.
Now, sir, it is impossible for the Senate to
make this a private communication so far as
the President is concerned. He has a light
to address the Senate, in fact it is his duty
under the law which we have passed, and to
address the Senate in a public manner. He
did so here. You cannot apply your rule to
him if you try. You cannot compel him to
