1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB%
789
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint
resolution (S. It. No. 95) authorizing the Light-
house Board to pla<  warnings over obstruc-
tions nt the entrance of harbors or in the fair-
way of bays and sounds ; which was read twice '
by its title, and referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
Mr. CATTELL asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill
(S. No. 29o) for the relief of Eliza Mascher,
widow of John F.'Mascher; which was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Committee
on Patents and the Patent Office.
message prom the hocse.
A message dfrom the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPuebsox, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed a bill (II. R. No.
612) in relatiou to btxiag shares in national
banks, in which it requested the concurrence
of the Senate.
deficiency appropriation bill.
The message also announced that the House
insisted on its disagreement to the fourteenth
amendment of the Senate, and on its amend-
ment to the third amendment of the Senate to
the bill ;II. R. No. 320) making appropriations
to supply defieiencie> in the appropriations for
the execution of the reconstruction laws and
for the service of the quartermaster's depart-
ment of the Government for the fiscal year
ending June 00, IS08, and for other purposes,
asked a conference on the disagreeing votes of
the two Houses, and appointed Jlr. E. B.
Vasiibtrm; of Illinois, Mr. F. C. Beamax
of Michigau, and C. E. Phelps of Maryland,
managers at the conference on its part.
On motion of Mr. MORRILL, of Maine,
the Senate insisted on its previous action, and
agreed to the conference asked by the House
of Representatives.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore was, by
unanimous consent, authorized to appoint the
conferees on the part of the Senate, and Messrs.
Morrill of Maine, Howe, and Grimes were
appointed.
supplementary reconstruction bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The unfin-
ished business of yesterday is the bill <^H. R.
No. 430) additional and supplementary to an
act entitled "An act to provide for the more
efficient government of the rebel States,"
passed March 2, 1SG7, and to the acts supple-
mentary thereto, the pending question being,
on the motion of the Senator from Wisconsin,
[Mr. Doolittle,] to refer the bill to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary with the instructions
proposed by him, and upon that question the
Senator from New Jersey [Mr. Fbelixghuy-
sex] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. President,
I rose yesterday to submit a few observations
on the interesting question before the Senate,
and with great pleasure gave way to the dis-
tinguished Senator from Maryland, [Mr. John-
son,] from whom the Senate and the country
are always glad to hear. The formality of my
having the floor thus obtained may create the
impression that I purpose aa extended and
elaborated discussion of this subject. Such is
not my purpose. All I intend is to give my
reasons for ray vote in reference to reconstruc-
tion, and I make this statement in order that
other members of the Senate who contemplate
participating in the debate may be on the alert,
as I shall not occupy the attention of the Sen-
ate for any great length of time. I believe my
friend from Wisconsin, [Mr. Howe,1 thinking
that the status of his State requires his inter-
position, contemplates making some remarks.
I am glad the Senator from Wisconsin [Mr.
Doolittle] has provoked this debate. The
discussion has already in its results been ben-
eficial to the nation. Intent upon doing our
duty to this shattered country,  ather than on
self-vindication, we have for the past year
received messages from the President and
heard speeches from our political adversaries
charging us with violation of duty and of the
Constitution, and we have suffered them to
pass unanswered. It was time that we spoke
out. The charge that a party persistently by
one net after another violate the Constitution
implies cither that we are so obtuse as not to
know or so guilty as not to care what are the
requirements of that instrument. This is a
charge under which I desire uot to rest. ! |
I hold that the message from the President
at the commencement of this session was un-
authorized by his official position. No enact-
ment of Congress is the supreme law of this
land unless made in pursuance of the Consti-
tution, because the language of that instru-
ment is that " this Constitution and the laws
made in pursuance thereof shall be the supreme
law of the land." It becomes, then, an im-
portant question to ascertain who shall deter-
mine the constitutionality of an enactment.
The first ordeal the constitutionality of a bill
must pass is a majority vote of the two Houses '
of Congress, every member of each acting
under the obligations of his oath to support
the Constitution. 'Hie second ordeal that it
must pass is the approval of the President, he
acting under the obligations of his oath that
to the best of his ability he will preserve, pro-
tect, and defend the Constitution. If it meets
his approval it is a law. If it does not, the
third ordeal of constitutionality is a vote of
two thirds of each House, each member acting
under the sanctions of the same oath and in
the light of the President's objections. The
fourth ordeal a law must pass is the judgment
of the Supreme Court of the United States in
the case submitted to them.
First Congre s, then the President, then two
thirds of Congress, then in the given ease the
Supreme Court pass upon the question. And
after a bill has become a law by a vote of two
thirds of Congress, notwithstanding the Presi-
dent's objections, he has no more official
authority to send us a message declaring that
law to be unconstitutional than he has to send
his edict to the Supreme Court charging them
with having violated their conscience and their
oath in an adjudication they have given in a
particular ease. Yet, in his message the Pres-
ident tells us that the reconstruction acts are
an assumption of ungranted power and in direct
conflict with the provisions of the Constitution, i
Yes, more; he tells us that he had seriously j
contemplated opposing by force the expressed |
will of the supreme power of this nation when ;
acting on a subject over which they alone could
take any cognizance. I say the' supreme
power of this nation, for that power in a nation
that makes the law is necessarily the supreme
power. He contemplated force ! Few are able
to attain to the virtue that can accept with
patience that word addressed to themselves as
individuals, and when addressed to the supreme
power of the nation can we wonder that it
warms the blood ? There is no nation upon
' this earth that may with impunity resist by
! force the expressed will of the supreme power
!. of this nation, and it is indeed surprising that
one acting officially should ever have contem-
plated such forcible resistance.
I read from the President's message:
** How far the duty of the President." to preserve,
protect, and defend the Constitution,' requires him
to go in opposing an unconstitutional net of Con-
gress is a very serious and important question, on
which I have deliberated much, and felt extremely
anxious to reach a proper conclusion. Where an act
has been passed according to the forms of the Con-
stitution by the supreme legislative authority, and
; is regularly enrolled among the public statutes of
the country, executive resistance to it, especially in
times of high party excitoment, would bo likely to
produce violent colli«ion between the respective
' adherents of the two branches of the Government.
■ This would be simply civil war; and civil war must
: be resorted to only an thelastremedy fortho worstof
evils. Whatever mi?ht tend to provoke it should be
i moitcarefully avoided. A faithful and conscientious
Magistrate will concede very much to honest, orror,
.and something even to perverse malice, before he
wilt endanger tho public peace; ond he will not
! adopt forcible measures, or such as might lead to
fore", as long as those which are peaceable remain
open to him or to his constituents.
He seriously contemplated and deliberated
upon the exercise of force, but finally con-
cluded not to resort to it 1 As tha representa-
tive in part of a State which did its duty in the
struggle that luid the foundation of this gov-
ernmental structure, and within the boundaries
of which thousands of hearthstones by their
desolation testify how faithfully her sons have
fought to maintain it, I protest against that
assumption. I am happy tnat the better genius
of our country led the President finally to coun-
sel those things which make for peace. Let
the Executive of this nation set up his will
against the expressed mandate of the supreme
power of the nation and we cease to be a Repub-
lic and become a despotism ; we cease to be a
Government of law and become one of arbitrary
will. What should we think of a sheriff or mar-
shal who, with the power of the county at his
back, should go forth to suppress an insurrec-
tion, with the baton of authority in one hand
and a flaming proclamation in the other, de-
claring that the laws they were resisting were
oppressive and unconstitutional, and declaring
that he had himself seriously contemplated
resorting to force in opposition to the laws they
were resisting? Is it any wonder that we are
obliged to maintain a military force at the
South ? Is it any wonder that this nation, now
borne down with debt and taxation, is obliged
to be at the expense of maintaining that force ?
N« ; the wonder is that under such counsel,
a people animated still by the liatc that inaugu-
rated a war the wounds of which are not yet
healed, do not require regiments where there
are only squads to keep them in subjection.
In the same spirit, sir, was the declaration of
the Senator from Wisconsin [Mr. Doolittle]
in his speech of Thursday, when he declared
that a war of races wns impending at the South.
Does the Senator not know that his prophecy,
made in this high Conncil Chamber, going to
the whole nation, renders possible, probable,
and even to be expected, the very event that he
predicts? Does he not know that he is thus
frescoing the southern skies with scenes of
massacre, which by being gazed at fire their
passions until it breaks forth in a devouring
flame?" And is the distinguished Senator en-
tirely sure that he is not deluding, as heretofore
done, as well as encouraging them when he
tells the South that not even military force
could send white men there to put down any
such outbreak?
I believe, I trust, that no such calamity as
that he predicts will befall this nation; but
should it come, let me tell the Senator that from
the hills of New England, from the shops and
fields of the middle States, and from the fertile
plains of the West would go forth thousands
and hundreds of thousands prepared to show to
the world that in this land)
"The sovereign law, the States' collected will,
Sits empress, crowning what is good, repressing what
is ill."
It is the emergencies and the exigencies of
this country that prove that not in station or in
senatorial robes, but in the humbler walks of
life are found our greatest men, oar truest
patriots.
But to return to the President's opinion of
the reconstruction acts. If his opinion is not
official, what weight has it? It is an opinion
on first impression. There is no adjudication
to sustain it. A hundred and seventy Repre-
sentatives of the people acting under their offi-
cial oath, each of whom I may, with no disre-
spect to the President, say, having an average
judicial ability equal to his, have said that they
consider those acts constitutional. In this
balancing of opinion is there any doubt as to the
preponderance of authority ? As to the charge
made in the message, and repeated here, that
we are attempting to establish negro suprem-
acy in the country, I ask what foundation is there
for it, when in eight out of the ten rebel States
there are a majority of white voters registered;
and when in the country at large there are
four hundred white voters for every forty negro
voters, and the forty without property, without
political or other influence, without education?
Is not that charge made toincite the prejudices
of this country against the party which befriends
th« colored man? Sir, it is not negro but
