1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
797
retarv. I have heard none. I have heard
much complaint in regard to the collection of
the internal revenue; and yet I have never
thought myself justified in saying that the ]
Commissioner of Internal Revenue was lacking
either in honesty or capacity. I have brought
no accusation against him, for my conviction
is that the trouble is not in the personnel, as
the Senator says, but in the subject itself. You
have undertaken to collect a tax that the moral
sentiment of the country does not feel to be
just. Upon an article that it costs but thirty
cents to produce, you impose a tax of two dol-
lars, making it the interest of corrupt persons
to evade that tax at the rate of six to one. The
producer or dealer in liquors can venture much
because if he escapes the tax he saves as against
the Government of the United States two dol-
lars, while if he loses his whisky he loses but
from thirty to forty cents. I believe the trouble
is there.
As to the character of the officers over the
country who collect this revenue I am not
going to comment, upon it, because I have not
the evidence which would justify me in doing
so. I am not going to comment on the char-
acter of the officers who collect the duties on
imports at the different ports of the country,
for I have no evidence that justifies it. So far
as the collection of import duties is concerned
I suppose that service has been as fairly done
and as honestly done as we may reasonably
expect. And perhaps the internal revenue has
been collected as faithfully as it can be. I
think there ought to be some change either in
the law or in the persons that collect it. It is
a startling fact that so many millions of reve-
nue remain uncollected; but this much I know
from'my knowledge of the interests in the sec-
tion of country from which I come, that honest
men have been nearly altogether driven from
the business of manufacturing whisky, and that
it of necessity has fallen into the hands of men
who are willing to risk something to evade the
Mr. EDMUNDS. Will the Senator allow
me to ask him a question?
Mr. HENDRICKS. Certainly.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Are they the men whose
moral sentiment the Senator alluded to a little
while ago as not sustaining so heavy a tax?
Mr. HENDRICKS. I spoke of the moral
sentiment of the whole country as not sustain-
ing an unequal tax. I stand by that. I do not
think when other interests are taxed twenty,
thirty, or forty per cent, the interest and pro-
duction of one section of the country ought to
be taxed six hundred, seven hundred, or a
thousand per cent. There is nobody who
believes that to be right. I do not hesitate to
nay that whisky should bear a fair tax. You
may call it a luxury if you like. It is no luxury
to me ; but it is understood to be a luxury to
some persons. The Senator from New York
suggests that it is a necessity. He must judge
of his own State for himself. [Laughter.] It
is no necessity to me ; and so far as I have a
knowledge of the people of Indiana it is not a
necessity to them, and yet they have no Puri-
tanical scruples on the subject.
Mr. President, I feel that in regard to this
whisky tax there is a serious embarrassment
tipon Congress. The experiment has been
made of collecting two dollars tax on each
gallon of whisky, and for two years it has
been substantially a failure—a failure to such
an extent as that.whisky is sold in the markets
of the country at much less than the tax; so
that an honest man cannot produce it and pay
the two dollars; so that, to a very large extent,
you have destroyed the business in portions of
the country. What is the remedy? If you sud-
denly reduce the tax you destroy the men who
are now holding whisky. This is not desira-
ble. It is one of the pursuits of the country;
it is a part of the commerce of the country.
If you reduce the tax to one dollar suddenly
the men who are holding in large quantities
will be destroyed. My opinion is that the
whisky tax ought to J)e reduced, and ought to
be reduced gradually. I think we cocrla col-
lect one dollar a gallon, and that would be
three hundred per cent, of a tax. I think we
could collect that amount; but the reduction
to that sum ought to be very gradual. A cor-
respondent in the West has suggested to me
that the reduction might be at the rate of
eight and atthird cents per month, so that at
the end of a year the tax should come down to
one dollar, and thus destroy nobody. The
business of the country would soon adjust it-
self to this arrangement; the stock on hand
would be gradually disposed of. The stock
on hand has been an embarrassment to Con-
gress always in legislating upon this subject.
But I think we can deal justly to men who are
holding liquors by legislation such as I sug-
gest, justly to the men who are producing in
the end, and favorable to the revenue of the
country.
  I do not know anything about the meters;
I never did see a meter; but if there is any
meter that is of sufficiently ingenious construc-
tion to outwit men who would outwit the Gov-
ernment I have not heard of it. You put the
meter to protect the two dollars; give the
manufacturer the inducements that a the tax
now gives him and I "think the meter will
probably be a failure. I would not undertake
to say which meter I am in favor of, for I have
never had the pleasure of seeing any of them.
This legislation in regard to meters, I think, is
more a legislation that will-result to the inter-
ests of the maker of the meter than to the
interests of the revenue.
But, sir, I do not intend to discuss this ques-
tion. I rose because I thought the remarks of
the Senator from New York were harsh to-
ward the Secretary of the Treasury. Without
naming him they pointed in that direction. I
know the responsibility of the Secretary of the
Treasury for the collection of the internal rev-
enue, and I believe that faithfully and energet-
ically he has sought to collect these taxes. I
know that he has been surrounded with embar-
rassments, and cases most embarrassing are
brought before him from the internal revenue
office. That he has always decided correctly
I would not undertake to say; but that he has
decided as an honest man should decide I do
not doubt, upon the best judgment he could
form. There arc very many embarrassing
cases in regard to the liquor tax, as my prac-
tice in the courts enables me to know. One
came under nay observation very recently, the
particulars of which I will not explain, be-
cause it is a case in the courts, showing the
embarrassment of the producer under these
laws—an honest man, as I believe the defend-
ant in that case to have been. I beliesve that
we shall collect twice as much revenue by
reducing the tax to one dollar as we shall col-
lect by continuing it at two dollars. This is
not a very flattering view of the subject, so far
as the honesty of a good many men is con-
cerned ; but we may as well consider facts as
they are. When does smuggling prevail, as
shown by the history of the world ? When the
duties are enormous, and when the smuggler
is willing to risk a little, as he supposes, to
gain much.' The distiller who wishes to de-
fraud the Government risks hot thirty cents,
the cost of a gallon of whisky to him, as against
the two dollars the Government claims from
him. I desire, while the law remains as it is,
that it should be enforced; and every officer
of the Government having any connection with
this business should diligently and honestly
labor to collect the tax as fixed by Congress;
but when we see, after a long experience, that
its collection is a failure we should modify the
law.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, I feel some
obligation to say a word on this subject, and I
think I have some right to do so, because the
article .called " Old Bourbon" had its birth in
my county, and it won its highest celebrity and
fame in that identical location. I agree with
the remark made by the honorable Senator
from Indiana, that the defect in relation to the
tax upon whisky is in the measure itself.
Wherever there is a duty or tax npon any
article that will pay for the risk of fraud upon
the revenue fraud necessarily results.
The honorable Senator from Missouri, I think,
will bear me out in these statements of fact:
that for the last year it is est imated upon prob-
able authority that about ninety million gal-
lons of whisky were manufactured; that the
amount of tax which that distillation ought to
have produced, according to the present rate,
•was $160,000,000; and that instead of reaching
that amount it was less than thirty millions.
From the facts reported from the Depart-
ment and by the admission of members of the
committee, the tax that was levied upon whisky
and that was collected was only about one sixth
t>f what should have been collected upon the
amount distilled. Whence does this great
abuse and fraud result? From the system
itself, from the excessive tax imposed upon the
distillation of whisky, and the complicated sys-
tem. by which the tax is assessed and collected,
that affords such great facilities for fraud. It
this system is to be reformed at all, the first
essential principle in its reformation is to re-
duce appreciably the rate of tax upon whisky.
My own opinion is that the highest maximum
| tax that ought to be levied upon whisky should
i be fifty cents per gallon. It would be much
Easier to collect fifty cents per gallon of tax
| upon it than two dollars, because the fifty cents
I afford only one fourth the margin of fraud that
the two dollars do. Reduce the amount of tax
upon whisky to fifty cents and there is but one
fourth of the inducement to distillers and per-
sons who defraud the revenue to commit fraud
upon it that exists under the present system.
I have consulted with distillers in the congres-
sional district in wli?fch I live. There was about
one hundred and fifty thousand dollars of rev-
enue collected there in the month of Decem-
ber upon the distillation of whisky. I know
many of those distillers and I have conversed
with them, and they all agree that the distiller
could pay fifty cents a gallon out at his dis-
tillery, and the imposition of that rate of a tax
to be paid by the distiller would remove en-
tirely the complicated machinery in the recesses
of which there is so much opportunity to com-
mit fraud upon the assessment and collection
of the tax.
It is, as the Senator from Indiana stated, a
truth proven by the experience of the world,
that wherever there have been enormous duties
imposed in the form of taxation frauds upon
the revenue in all forms were the inevitable con-
sequence. This fact demonstrates that taxes
may be too high for the purposes of revenue,
may be so high as to essentially dimmish reve-
nue and encourage the perpetration of fraud;
and that is the present condition of our tax upon
whisky. £hese frauds are perpetrated mostly
at the large establishments in the cities of New
York, Chicago, and Cincinnati. Previous to
the war there were but five or six distilleries in
the cities of New York and Brooklyn combined,
and there are now upward of five hundred.
The proportion has increased in something like
the same ratio in Cincinnati and Chicago ; and
I am told that you may pass into any street in
the city of New York where whisky is for sale
and buy any quantity of it at from $1 25 to
$1 75 per gallon. Whence does this result?
It results from the enormous frauds committed
upon the revenue in accounting for the distill-
ation of whisky. These frauds are engendered,
as it were, in a hot-bed, by the enormous rate
of taxation that is imposed upon whisky. Re-
duce that tax to one fourth of its present amount
and you reduce in that ratio all the inducement
that men have to commit fraud in the distilla-
tion of whisky, either in giving in or paying the
amount of tax upon the product of their dis-
tilleries.
Mr. President, it operates in favor of fraud
in another way. These meters are in operation
to some extent. They cost from five hundred
to two thousand dollars per meter. The con-
sequence is that the small distilleries cannot
pay the price of a meter. There are many cop-
per distilleries in my district that make from
on# hundred and fifty to fiv# hundred barrels
