1868.
THE COtfGBESSIOJSTAL GLOBE.
799
Secretary of the Treasury or the President has
refused in a single instance to remove men
where the proof showed that they ought to be
removed for fraud, it is not for me to call for
the investigation. It'I believed that the Treas-
ury was being defrauded because of a policy
adopted by the Secretary of the Treasury in
continuing men after proof against their in-
tegrity was satisfactory, then I would call for
the evidence; I would ask for investigation,
and I would not let it stand upon a general
accusation. I believe when investigations are
made the proof will be that the frauds are
where I located them, in the collection of these
taxes, that are so enormous that they invite
the corrupt all over the country to undertake
to defraud the Treasury.
If the Senator from New York does believe
(which I do not) that the President has re-
fused a removal when there was satisfactory
evidence before him, or that the Secretary of
the Treasury has refused to consent to a re-
moval when there was satisfactory evidence
before him, of fraud on the part of any official
connected with the internal revenue, I think
he should ask for investigation, and I think that
I am the last man in this body who would un-
dertake in such a case to shield even a per-
sonal friend, not a political friend, for Mr.
McCulloch and myself perhaps never cast a
vote alike in the world. He is from Indiana,
and I take pride in his reputation as a busi-
ness man. He did not come to the Treasury
without a reputation ; he came into this ser- ,
vice from the head of the banking system of ,
Indiana, esteemed by all the people as a man
of the highest integrity and financial ability.
I feel it to be not only a duty but a pleasure
to protest against any general accusation in-
volving his integrity or his fitness far the office
which he holds.
I am not, then, sir, upon general charges
made by the Senator, going to ask for an in-
vestigation; but until investigation shall show
to the contrary I will demand for Secretary Mc-
Culloch the benefit of that principle of law
which esteems every man innocent until the
contrary is shown. I believe him to be an offi-
cer of integrity and ability; and if the Senator
makes the investigation he will find, in my opin-
ion, the causes of complaint to be where I have
located them. I have heard this charge made—
it is easily made, hard to be established—that
the men appointed by the present Executive
are lacking in the moral qualities for the offices.
I know of no evidence to support that. I know
of no evidence tfrshow that the men appointed
by Mr. Johnson since the Philadelphia conven-
tion are not as competent to the discharge of
the duty as the men who held the offices at any
time since the passage of the internal revenue
law. If there be such evidence let Senators
who believe it call for it. It is not for me, in-
asmuch as I give no credit to the charges.
Mr. CAMERON. Mr. President, it is al-
ways unpleasant to make charges against men
in high official station ; I think they are gen-
erally more slandered than they ought to be:
but to my mind it is Evident that our revenue
system is badly managed, and it does not yield
whatit ought to produce to the public Treasury.
Last year, I believe, whisky produced a revenue
of some twenty-nine million dollars, and this
yearwe shall not get fifteen millions. Wehave
had no report of it since the 1st of July last, but
the revenue from whisky is decreasing constant-
ly. It is known by every intelligent business
man that the revenue is defrauded by the rev-
enue officers. A set of men are employed, in-
tentionally or unintentionally, by the Gov-
ernment who are dishonest and unfitted for
their places, as well by their ignorance as by
their dishonesty. I can get a company to-mor-
row who will agree to give the Government
$75,000,000 a year for the whisky tax, if the
Government will farm it out to a company.
We make about one hundred million gallons a
year, and at the present tax we ought to receive
from it $200,000,000.
Gentlemen say you cannot collect a two dol-
lar tax because it is so large a sum. Why, Mr.
President, the man who will steal two dollars
will steal one dollar or a quarter of a dollar.
The man who does it is a rascal in the grain;
he steals all he can get. Why do we not col-
lect this revenue as other countries do? We
have the same power to enforce the collection
of taxes that the Government of Great Britain j
and the Government of France and other Gov-
ernments of Europe have. It is natural that
a people unaccustomed to taxation should have
some difficulty for a time; but if we give up
the system at the cry of interested persons we
shall never receive enough money from taxa-
tion to support our Government. It is just as '
easy to collect two dollars as one dollar tax.
The man who wants to drink whisky will pay
$2 50 a gallon for it as readily as he will pay
a quarter of a dollar. He will get it at any rate.
It is known to everybody that now. while
the tax on whisky is two dollars a gallon, it can
be bought in the market for $1 50. The pro-
duction of whisky costs about forty cents a
gallon, and, of course, we see by this bare state-
ment how the revenue is defrauded. Under
the present arrangement most of the whisky
which was formerly made in the North is now
made in the South—at Richmond, at New Or-
leans, at Montgomery, in Alabama, and at
Augusta, in Georgia. These cities and other
southern cities that I might name are now the
places where the greatest amount of whisky is
manufactured. It is manufactured in a coun-
try where the corn is not produced and at the
most expensive places, and yet it is furnished
now for $1 50 a gallon.
The only way, in my opinion, by which we
shall collect this tax will be to make the offense
obnoxious by heavy penalties and put men
into the penitentiary. A man can afford to
Eay a fine of one dollar a gallon probably if
e can put into his pocket another dollar
fraudulently. I know of a number of men in
my own State who have been relieved of the
penalties attempted to be placed upon them by
revenue officers through the influence of mem-
bers of Congress. A fellow robs the Treasury
through his distillery; an honest revenue offi-
cer—for there are a few such—discovers that he
is committing fraud, and proceedings are had
against him. Then he comes down here and
gets a member of Congress—perhaps a Radical,
but more likely a Democrat—to go to the Pres-
ident and say, " This is an excellent man, a
most honest and zealous supporter of yonrs,
and he cannot be dishonest, but if he is dis-
honest let us not have him punished until after
the election.'' That is a common thing.
I have heard of such things being done fre-
quently. Why, sir, there was a scamp in my
neighborhood who was a revenue officer; I
think they called him a detective or something
of that kind. Four or five months ago I called
on the Secretary of the Treasury and told him
that I knew that man was cheating, and the
Secretary said he wpuld inquire into it. I called
upon the Commissioner, Mr. Rollins, and he
, said he would inquire into it, but nothing was
done. I came along there one day lately, and
I happened to call into the revenue office. I
said, '' Why do you not turn out this rascal who
everybody knows is cheating the Government ?''
I was told, "We will turn him out as soon as
we send up a detective to see whether it is true
that he is stealing." The person who said this
turned to some one in his office and said to
him, "You will go up next week and inquire
into this matter;" and the man at once said,
"There is no use of me going up; I know he
is a rascal. I knew the distillery lie had charge
of was built for the purpose of defrauding the
revenue. I went there and examined it, ana the
whole thing was a cheat." He told me there
in the revenue office that in that distillery vats
were placed over pipes; a large copper pipe
was taken down through the wall and a vat
put upon the top; and it was carried down to
the ground and the liquor carried underground
to the railroad, and so arranged as to put the
barrels in the cars, and those barrels were
shipped to a bonded warehouse; but after a
while the barrels were got out somehow, filled
with water, andthe Government, of course, lost
the tax. I could relate many of these things,
but I hope the Committee on Finance will in-
quire inter them ; and I am satisfied that they
can, if they will, adopt some process by which
we shall get this revenue.
Do not tell me that you cannot collect a tax
of two dollars a gallon ! 1 know better than
that. I repeat I will get a company to-mor-
row that will agree to give the Government
$75,000,000 a year for tne tax on whisky. I
think I could get $100,000,000, but I will
guaranty to get up a company that will give
$75,000,000 lor it to-morrow.
I think the Senator from New York is right
-in saying that there is rascality in other
branches of the revenue besides the internal
revenue. I met a gentleman the other day
who had been spending three or four years in
France, and who before that had been con-
nected with the custom-house in California.
He told me that he heard a great deal in Paris
about people bringing over costly silks and
laces and diamonds and other things which
ought to pay a very high rate of duty. He
told me that he remained on board ship two
hours after the arrival of his vessel in New
York to see how these things were carried out,
and he found it to be a very simple process.
One person, for example, had five trunks; an
officer came along, and he saw that man put
his hand into his own pocket and directly the
officer put something into his pocket, and the
five trunks went out witb- ut any examination.
I am told that this is an'ordinary occurrence
when a ship lands. That the whole revenue
system is demoralized there is no doubt. You
want at the head of it a man of indomitable
energy and a man of ability, who will devote
himself to making a reputation by collecting
the revenue.
I do not think the Secretary of the Treasury
gives much thought to the subject. I think he
is much more occupied in taking care of the
general interests ol his Department without
looking into matters of detail.
I trust when this subject comes up after a whilo
I shall have some facts to lay before the Senate.
I have been collecting information which at the
proper time I shall lay before the body.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President 
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I hope we
shall be allowed to vote on this.
Mr. POMERO Y. This proceeding has been
by unanimous consent, I understand, and I
hope it will be concluded to-night.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. It is a ques-
tion that ought not to have consumed any time.
This Resolution certainly will not do the ser-
vice any harm, and it may do some good. We
have a meter now, and it is by all the tests
that have been applied the best^hat can be
ascertained. It is not expected that it is going
to supersede integrity, but it will measure the
quantity and it will measure the proof, and
there is certainly no harm in it I hope we
shall be allowed to take the vote, in order that
other measures may come up in proper place.
Mr. WILSON. If we can obtain a vote I
do not ask the attention of the Senate; but if
not I have a word to say.
Mr. SUMNER. As there is to be a vote on
the proposition I have made, I desire to say
one word, not to follow Senators in the dis-
cussion which has taken place, but simply to
call the attention of the Senate to the actual
state of the question.
It is proposed, as I understand, by the joint
resolution as it comes from the committee that
there shall be no requirement with regard to
the Tice meter during this coming month. The
report is to be made on the 1st of March. How
soon after that there can be legislation founded
on the report I will not venture to say; but
until that legislation is to take place, unless
this section is dropped, there will be no re-
quirement with regard to the Tice meter. Now,
1 do insist that at this time we cannot afford
for one month to abandon any reasonable pre-
caution with regard to these frauds. Here
have been various calculations—gome that we
