802
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 28,
that at the time the assessment comes to be '
made ho may l>e assessed at his place of resi-
dence it* the Legislature shall so determine.
And it'the assessors go to the hank tor the list
of the shareholders they will l'md there the name
of every person non-resident of the State, and
of course they will assess the stock, if the holder
is a non-resident of the State, at that place and
nowhere else.
Mr. LOGAN. Suppose the man is a resi-
dent without any property except hank stock ;
is that provided for in any way?
Mr. POMEROY. The bill provides that
each State shall determine the mode of assess-
ment and collection of the tax, and it is safe
to assume that every State availing itself of
this act to change the existing laws of assess-
ment will provide for the assessment as non-
resident stock in all cases where the stock-
holder shall not claim the benefit of his resi-
dence and designate some other place within
the State other than where the bank is located
as the place of his assessment.
Mr. GARFIELD. I hope the gentleman
from New York will let me make an inquiry.
I was not in when he made his remarks. I
recollect when the hill was up before I offered
a resolution that the stockholders of hanks
should be taxed in the place where they lived.
I want to know what is done by this bill in that
respect.
Mr. POMEROY. It covers that principle
as far as applies to the residents of States. It '
leaves this stock to the jurisdiction of the law
of each State as to the locality of the taxation.
Mr. GARFIELD. I want to say in regard
to that, that in Ohio, as elsewhere, there may
be a bank at the county seat and S200.000 of
the stock owned in townships in other parts of
the country. If assessed at the county seat they
will have the benefit of the tax for their town-
ship purposes, while people who own the stock
in other townships will have no advantage of
that tax at all.
Mr. POMEROY. This is intended to relieve
that particular difficulty, and if there is any
precision in language I think it does.
Mr. GARFIELD. I am glad of that.
Mr. POMEROY. Every word has been care-
fully studied, and I believe it meets the just
expectation of the gentleman in that regard.
Mr. BLAINE. I think the reading of the
bill clearly explains its purpose and effect, if ,
any explanation were necessary after what has
been said by the chairman of the committee.
I will read the bill. It is as follows : !
That the words " place where the bank is located,
and not elsewhere," in section forty-one of the act
to provide a national currency, approved June 3,
lv34, shall be construed and held to mean the State
within which the bank is located; and the Legisla-
ture of each State may determine and direct the
mannerand plaeeof taxine all thesbares of national
banks located within said State, subject to the re-
striction that the taxation shall not be at a greater
rate than is a^scwed upon other moneyed capital in
the hands of individual < itizens of such State: And
provided a/iraye. That the shares of any national
bank owned bv non-re-sidents of anv State, shall be
taxed in the city or town where said bank is located,
and not elsewhere.
I wish merely to say in addition, so far as |
the present system of taxing bank stock is con-
cerned in such States as have been in the habit
of taxing hank stock, they had better have no j,
system at all. It is a system of evasion and
dodges and nothing more. This bill will give 1
to each State, without interfering with their !
local laws and eugtorns, the right to settle the j
question for themselves. |
Mr. PRUYX. I wish to ask the gentleman j!
from New York whetherhehas provided in this I
bill for the mode of collection as well as assess- ,i
ment. '
Mr. POMEROY. No, sir ; that is left by
the original act to the local laws of the States.
Mr. PETERS. I*ask the gentleman to yield
to me a moment. I
Mr. POM EROY. I will do so. [
Mr. PETERS. I wish to make a statement |
of interest on this subject. It is the opinion
of the best lawyers in the State of Maine that
if the present law is not changed bank stock
is not taxable anywhere under any circum-
stances in our State, and for this reason: there
is a constitutional provision, the words of
which 1 do not at this moment call to mind,
which requires that there shall be no tax upon
one sort of personal property different from
the tax on all other personal property. The
question is now before our supreme court
whether stock can really be taxed in the place
where the batik is situated. And it is the
opinion of eminent lawyers in that. State that
it cannot be thus taxed, and unless we get
relief in this form I have no doubt it will not
be taxable in any place in the State of Maine.
Hence the Legislature is sending resolutions to
Congress on the subject, and petitions are
coming from the various districts in which a
great interest is felt on this question. I, for
one, have no doubt—and I have examined the
question pretty thoroughly—that if this prop-
erty is not taxable where it is owned in the
State it is taxable nowhere in the State.
Mr. HARDING. I ask the gentleman to
allow me a word.
Mr. POMEROY. I vield.
Mr. HARDING. I desire to enter my pro-
test against this bill, which is about all I expect
to be able to do. I am opposed to the inter-
vention of this Congress in the question of the
rate of taxation upon personal property of the
people of the United States by State authority.
Shares of bank stock are personal property.
We have no right to declare to Illinois and
Maine what shall be the rate of taxation upon
personal property in those States.
Mr. BLAINE. If the gentleman will allow
me, the law in that respect is in force to-day, so
that this bill does not alter it in the least.
Mr. HARDING. I go against the principle
of the bill, no matter what the law is. I enter
my protest against the bill. It is brought in
here to obtain special privileges for giant cor-
porations by the action of Congress above those
enjoyed by the owners of personal property in
the several States. Now, I protest against any
dictation as to the right of taxation in the sev-
eral States. Let each State regulate the rate
of taxation for itself. If you attempt to legis-
late in favor of bank stock you will be asked to
legislate in favor of mules or some other species
of personal property.
One word further. I consider it the business
of this Congress, if it makes any rule at all on
the subject, to make a law requiring personal
property in bank shares to be taxed where the
owner lives. Now, this bill enables me, if living
in Illinois, to dodge the tax at home. I may
send my children to a free school and enjoy all
the privileges of society there, but I may ex-
empt every dollar of my property from taxation
by sending it down to Connecticut and investing
it there, where they give a premium to a man
who owns bank stock—where there is more
distributed by the Government than there is
collected. I hold that wherever the person is
there he is interested, there is his fortune, there
is where he is protected, and there is where he
should be made to pay his taxes.
Mr. POMEROY. I wish simply to gay to
the gentleman from Illinois that I think if he
will take the bill and examine its provisions he
will find that it provides exactly for what he
wants.
Mr. HARDING. Does it not limit the tax
to one per cent. ?
Mr. POMEROY. No; it does not change
the existing law at all.
Mr. HARDING. Does it not provide that
non-residents shall be taxed where the bank is?
Mr. POMEROY. I will say, in answer to
the gentleman from Illinois, that the committee
was entirely unwilling that capitalists in Boston
or New York should establish banks in Illinois
or Wisconsin and be taxed thereon if they could
be found for the purpose of taxation somewhere
down on Cape Cod or Long Island. The in-
tention of the committee is that cacli State
shall hare the benefit of the taxation of the
banking capital within the State, and this act
simply provides that the Legislature of a State
shall have control of the mode of taxing
shares held by residents of the State.
Mr. HOLMAN. Mr. Speaker, I very fully
concur in the views which have been expressed
as to the policy of this provision giving to the
Legislature of each State power to determine
'•the mannerand place of taxing all the shares
of national banks" located within the State.
This is certainly right. It is equally manifest
that where a citizen living beyond the limits
of the State holds shares in such banks the tax
on such shares ought to ho imposed in the
locality where the bank is established; and it
is equally manifest that the tax on these shares
ought to be the same as that imposed on other
property of the State for all State and munici-
pal purposes. Nothing could be more just
and reasonable ; indeed, the constitutions of
some of the States would compel this to bo
done in the absence of any act of Congress.
But there are two points to which I wish to
draw attention, and 1 do it with reference to
the legislation on this subject of the State
which I in part represent. And the first is as
to the meaning of the term ''share." It is
manifest that this principle of taxation ought
to be made as equal and uniform as possible.
The par value of a share of this stock is $100.
In some of the States it is held by the Legisla-
tures that the fair construction of the act of
18t>4 is that it means shares at par value and
nothing more or less. It is so held by the
State authorities of Indiana, and in others it is
held that a share of stock is like any other
property and the tax ought to be imposed upon
its actual value. That is one point to which I
desire to call the attention of the gentleman
from New York. I think that a provision
ought to be inserted here that the tax shall be
imposed upon the actual value of the share.
The actual value of the shares depends to a
very large extent upon the accumulated capital
of the bank, and if the tax is not imposed on
the accumulated capital in this form, as a gen-
eral thing, it will not be imposed on the banks
at all. If the actual value of shares is subject
to taxation the actual value can always be
ascertained and then the surplus fund of the
bank is taxed as represented by the shares;
otherwise it would not be taxed at all. In
most of these banks, the actual value of whose
shares is one hundred and thirty to one hun-
dred and fifty dollars per share instead of
$100 
A Member. We leave that to the Legisla-
tures.
Mr. HOLMAN. The Legislatures would
necessarily differ upon that point and it would
be better for Congress to expressly authorize
the taxation of these shares at their real value.
This would increase and not restrict the legis-
lative power of the States over this subject of
taxation, as it seems to be conceded that the
power to tax these shares depends on the act
of Congress creating this system of bajiks.
In the next place the question arises as to
whether a State may impose this tax for any
other than State purposes. It seems to be held
in some of the States that this tax cannot be
imposed for municipal purposes. Such is the
law in the State of Indiana. It seems to have
been the judgment of the Legislature that the
act of Congress confers upon the Legislature
power to impose this tax for State purposes
but not for municipal purposes. The result is
that as all these hanks are located in incor-
porated towns these shares escape a burden
which is imposed upon- every other species of
property.
I insist, then, Mr. Speaker, that to give per-
fection to this measure, to give uniformity and
equality of taxation throughout the country
upon this particular subject two things should
be provided for by this bill: first, that the
shares should be subject to taxation upon their
actual value, upon exactly the same principles
as taxes are imposed upon other species of
property; and, second, that these shares shall
be subject to taxation for State and municipal
purposes. I therefore suggest to the gentle-
man from New York, [Mr. Pomeroy,] who has
honored me thus far with his attention, that
there should be added to this bill the proviso
