804
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 28,
any other person who shall aid therein shall
be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor, and on
conviction thereof shall be lined a sum not
exceeding $5,000, and imprisoned for a term
not exceeding three years, or either, at the
discretion of the court.
Mr. POMEROY. Mr. Speaker, I will say
that this bill simply enacts into law a resolu-
tion pas?ed by this House at the last Congress
by an almost unanimous vote, prohibiting the
Secretary of the Treasury or any officer under
this Government from depositing public mon-
eys in any other place than with the Treasurer
and Assistant Treasurers of the United States
at the places where they are located.
It has been brought to the attention of the
committee that that resolution has not been
regarded, and this bill is therefore reported in
the shape in which it is so as to enforce, if any
legislative power can do so, the rule that moneys
of the United States shall be kept with the
Treasurer and Assistant Treasurers of the Uni-
ted States wherever they are located, and not
deposited in national banks or in any other
place. I now demand the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. POMEROY. I now yield to my col-
league on the committee, [Mr. Randall.]
Mr. KELLEY*. I desire to ask the chair-
man of the committee to give me some inform-
ation. Some weeks ago the House adopted
a resolution which I had the honor to submit,
calling upon the Secretary of the Treasury for
a statement of the amount of money on de-
posit in the national banks at the termination
of a series of months. The resolution was
amended, on the motion of thegentleman from
Wisconsin, by requesting the Secretary to
name the amount in each bank. I desire to
know whether that resolution has been re-
sponded to by the Secretary of the Treasury?
Mr. POMEROY. I believe it has. I think
I saw this morning for the first time the report
of the Secretary of the Treasury giving the
information. I may be mistaken.
Mr. KELLEY*. May I inquire whether the
Speaker has any knowledge 011 the subject?
The SPEAKER. The Chair is under the
impression that the resolution was answered
two weeks since.
Mr. RANDALL. I would say to my col-
league that this bill proposes to break up that
whole system.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
the resolution was answered on the 8th of Jan-
uary. It was offered on the 4th. It inquired
for the amount of Government funds on de-
posit in the national banks from the 1st of
June, 1866, to October, I860.
Mr. KELLEY. Was the communication
printed?
The SPEAKER. It was ordered to be
printed and referred to the Committee on ,
Banking and Currency.
Mr. KELLEY. I would inquire, further, if ,
it has ever come to the committee?
Mr. RANDALL. I have not seen the re-
port. It may have come to the clerk or chair-
man, but it has not, to my knowledge, been
considered by the committee.
Mr. KELLEY. I hope the bill will pass,
but I would like the reply to my resolution to
be before the country.
The SPEAKER. The Chair supposes it
may be found in the document-room now.
Mr. RANDALL. I learn it is not yet printed.
Mr. Speaker, as long ago as 1866, shortly
after you did me the honor to place me on this
committee, this abuse of the national bank
system was brought to my attention, and I took
the opportunity of having incorporated this
same feature in a bill which was then before
the committee and was subsequently reported
to the House for the purpose of correcting the J
abuse. That bill, however, failed; and in July <
last I offered a resolution directing the Secre- ,
tary of the Treasury to cease depositing the
public money in the national banks in every
place where there was a Treasurer or an Assist-
ant Treasurer of the United States. To that
resolution, I am sorry to say, little, in fact no
attention has been paid. 1 have it, however,
semi-ollieially that the resolution was referred
to Mr. Van Dyck for his opinion in the city of
New York, and that he reported that it was
impracticable. Now, sir, I do not know how
the question was put to Mr. Van Dyck, but I
can very well understand how a question can
sometimes be put to a public oilicer so that the
response will be satisfactory to the party who
puts the question.
In advocating this bill I do not propose to
make any war upon the general system of
banking, but to confine myself to the correc-
tion of this abuse. In the first place I want
to direct the attention of the House to the fact
that the system is wrong of giving to the Sec-
retary ot the Treasury or any officer of the
Government the right of choice where the de-
posits of the public funds shall be placed. And
then it is wrong to give to individuals the right
of trading upon the taxes of the people which
may have come into the possession of the
Government.
Now, sir, in an examination which we made
into the Merchants' National Bank the fact
was developed that one gentleman was paid
four per cent, for inducing the deposit of the
public money in a particular bank. I do not
know whether the same evil exists in other
parts of the country, but I have heard it stated
that in my own State (Pennsylvania) the col-
lectors of the revenue have been solicited, and
some have been induced, to deposit the public
fuuds in particular banks, so that those banks
might trade with profit upon the public money.
This is the sole object of the bill. It is not
necessary for me in this House to go back over
the history of the past in connection with the
deposits of the public money. We have had
the United States Bank, and then the "pet
banks" system; and then we had a system
which seemed to meet the entire approval of
the country, the sub-Treasury system, which,
although at first resisted by one of the political
parties in the country, was finally acquiesced
in as being the most desirable method of keep-
ing the moneys of the Government. And now
I want that this House and the Government
shall go back as far as possible to that system
which will keep all the moneys safely and which
will prevent corruption. There is no view
which can be taken of this subject which does
not indicate the propriety of the passage of
this bill. I hope, therefore, that the House
will adopt the report of the committee.
Mr. BARNES. Mr. Speaker, the fact that
these deposits of public money have been made
in national banks against a resolution of this
House and against the public sentiment of the
country is an evidence of the political power
possessed by these banks which is now about
to be resisted by the legislation of Congress.
What has been stated by my colleague 011 the
committee [Mr. Randall] I suppose is well
understood and believed by the members of
this House, that collectors of the revenue in
different districts are paid for depositing these
moneys, which rightfully belong to the sub-
Treasury of the United States, in banks, to be
there used for the benefit of those banks, and
for which they pay nothing except in suborn-
ing public officers.
Mr. ALLISON. I would like the gentle-
man from New York to state if he knows that
any revenue collector has been paid for influ-
encing these public deposits?
Mr. BARNES. I have not made the asser-
tion that I knew this of my own knowledge.
I said I supposed it was believed by other
gentlemen, as it is believed by myself, that
such are the facts in numerous cases, and the
statement made by my colleague on the com-
mittee from Pennsylvania [Mr. Randall] that
such was the development in the Merchants'
Bank case is an answer to the question of the
gentleman from Iowa.
The sub-Treasury of thS United States is a
safe depository for Government funds. The
national banks have proved not to be safe
depositories for Government funds, and have
proved not to be safe depositories for indi-
vidual funds, and we all know that individuals
will exercise more care and more prudence in
their own affairs, in the deposit of their own
money, than they will as otlicers of the Gov-
ernment, and for that reason it is necessary
that we should restrict those having the care
of public money to those institutions where
there can be no doubt of its safety.
1 assume there is no opposition to the gen-
eral principle of this bill. There can be but
little said against it. It is approved by the
common sense of the House, and I trust that
it will pass without opposition.
Mr. POMEROY". 1 now yield the floor to
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Kel-
ley.]
Mr. KELLEY". Mr. Speaker, I welcome
this bill as one of the most efficient steps in the
right direction that has been proposed during
the Fortieth Congress. It is a step to break
up a system of notorious corruption in connec-
tion with the public funds, a step by which the
Government will save, I apprehend, from two
millions to two and a half millions in gold
which it has been paying the banks for invest-
ing its own money which it had deposited with
them in its bonds. The average of deposits,
as I learn from the Secretary's response to my
resolution of inquiry, which I have only seen
since this debate commenced, from the 30th
June, 1866, to the 31st of October, 1867, ap-
pears to have been, for I have not had time to
calculate it, nearly thirty million dollars. Each
bank can soon ascertain its average balance
and it is their practice to invest it in gold-bear-
injf'fctends on which they draw from the Gov-
ernment six per cent, in gold for lending it its
own funds.
The question is asked by gentlemen whether
public functionaries have received a considera-
tion for making these deposits. Gentlemen of
the West, do you not know that the banks of
New Y'ork and Boston pay interest on the de-
posits your western banks make with them?
Do not trustees and others commanding large
sums know that the banks will pay theni inter-
eston an average line of deposit? Every busi-
ness man is familiar with these facts, and I
apprehend there is not a custodian of Govern-
ment funds that has not by some arrangement,
secret or open, direct or indirect, been receiv-
ing pay for making deposits in these banks and
swelling them as largely as possible.
Do gentlemen ask whether any considerable
sums have thus been left with these banks ? Let
them turn to page 5 of Executive DocumentNo.
87, the response of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to which I have referred, and they will find
that in the First National Bank of Cincinnati
there was in July, 1806, 011 deposit of United
States funds the sum of ยง1,6-11,925 08; in
August, 1866, $1,582,265 56; in September,
$1,078,31)6 22; in October, $1,160,36'J 78, and
so 011. This example is taken at sight from
the first page at which I opened the report.
It is doubtless full of instances of this kind.
The average balance, in bonds available for in-
vestment, was notiess than $1,000,000. That
$1,000,000 could be invested by the batik in six
per cent, gold-bearing bonds with entire safety
to its general business, for if the Government
should happen to make an unexpected call for
its money, and the deposits of its customers
were not sufficient to meet it, all the bank
would have to do would be to take its gold-bear-
ing bonds and borrow the amount on call for
a short time, until ordinary depositors should
make it up.
But, again, the great evil from which our
country is now suffering is a concentration of
its currency in a few hands, or in a small por-
tion of the country. We have $300,000,000
of banking currency; and of that New York
and New England'have fifty-eight and five
tenths per cent. The southern States proper
have hut two per cent. ; the southwestern
States have but two and nine tenths per cenl.;
and the extreme western States are nearly as
deficient of circulation as they.
This system of depositing Government fuuds
