1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
805
in the national banks has aggravated immensely
the evils under which the country is suffering;
which is plethoric congestion at the heart and
inanition and paralysis in the extremities.
Boston and New York are gorged with money,
and the public deposits lie there in volume to
be speculated upon ; while the SouUi and West,
are without the moans of making the common-
est exchanges of commodities save by barter.
There is not currency in the South and West
with which to do marketing and the common
retail purchases: and the people are compelled
to use and do use openly, yet not in defiance of
law or ot' the Government, but simply because
it is theiV only medium of exchange, counterfeit
representatives of the currency of tlie United
Slates. When I put the question to man after
man in the South who was passing or receiv-
ing counterfeit paper, " Do you believe you are
injuring the Government or its currency by
this V" the answer was " Xot at all, sir; not at
all; society cannot exist without some medium
of exchange; and we had better be found with
live or ten or twenty or fifty or a hundred dol-
lars of counterfeit paper when the day of settle-
ment comes and we can procure a lawful cur-
rency than go back to barbarism." But, Mr.
Speaker, I must leave this branch of the sub-
j ect.
This bill promises a return to the sub-Treas-
ury system, the wisest financial system ever
practiced by this Government for any period,
long or short. It is true its adoption over-
threw the Administration that established it;
but at the end of four years no man dared
raise his voice against it. It proved to be a
natural regulator of the commerce and trade
of the country. When the revenues of the
Government were excessive the currency was
abstracted from circulation, and business men
were gently admonished to pause in their
career. And again, when the business of the
country had ceased to yield the Government
the amount required for its current expenses
the currency again flowed forth in natural
channels. It balanced business and prevented
crises: and as it did when we had a gold cur-
rency so will it do with our present currency,
better in many respects than that of gold; a
currency equally well secured as to ultimate
redemption, and more easily transmitted from
point to point or borne upon the person than
gold.
I welcome, therefore, the promised adoption
of this bill as an assurance to the country that
the Fortieth Congress is about to put its finan-
cial system on a basis as secure as that on
which it rested before the war; and that, whether
it can point the road to an early resumption of
specie payment or not, it will deprive the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, through his agents and
pets, of the power to amass fortunes by sporting
with the credit and currency of the country.
Mr. POMEROY. The principle of this bill
meets with such general concurrence that I do
not know but a little more stringency in its
provisions may make it better, and I desire to
otter an amendment.
The SPEAKER pro tempore, [Mr. Cook.]
The previous question having been seconded,
unanimous consent is necessary to permit an
amendment to be offered.
Mr. POMEROY. I ask unanimous consent
to offer the following amendment:
In line three, after the word "place," insert " or
within fifty miles of any such city or place;" and in-
sert the bame word3 alter the word "place " in line
seven.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there
objection to allowing the amendment to bo
offered ?
Mr. BROOMALL. I object.
Mr. POMEROY. Will the gentleman ob-
ject if " twenty-five " be inserted instead of
" fifty?"
Mr. BROOMALL. Yes, sir.
Mr. POMEROY. In order that I may offer
the amendment I have just read I move to re-
consider the vote by which the previous ques-
tion was seconded.
I understand that great abuses are perpe-
trated by sending public moneys right through f
a city or place where there is a Treasury and
depositing it in a national bank at a place
beyond. If such a practice is curried on we
should make provision against it in this bill.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to.
The question then recurred on seconding the
demand for the previous question.
Mr. POMEliOY. I withdraw the call for the
previous question, and offer the amendment I
have already read, upon which I demand the
previous question.
Mr. BROOMALL. Mr. Speaker, has not
the morning hour expired?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The pre-
vious question operates to continue the bill
after the expiration of the morning hour.
Mr. BROOMALL. Does not that rule cease
to operate when the call for the previous ques-
tion has been withdrawn?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
understands that it does not when the call for
the previous question has been withdrawn for
the purpose of offering an amendment.
The question being upon seconding the de-
mand for the previous question on the amend-
ment offered by Mr. Pomeroy, the previous
question was seconded and the main question
ordered; and under the operation thereof the
amendment was adopted.
The question recurring upon ordering the
bill as amended to be engrossed for a third
reading,
Mr. POMEROY demanded the previous
: question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill as amended was ordered
to be engrossed for a third reading; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time.
The question being on the passage of the
bill,
Mr. BARNES called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The bill was passed.
Mr. POMEROY moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The moruing hour has
now expired.
messages from the president.
Several messages in writing from the Presi-
dent of the United States were presented by
Mr. W. G. Moore, his Private Secretary.
paris exposition.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the
following message from tlie President of the
United States:
i To the House of Representatives of the United States :
! In answer to a resolution of the House of Repre-
, I resentatives of the 22d instant, calling for a copy of
the report of Abraham S. Hewitt, commissioner of
' the United States to the Paris Universal Exposition
|, of 1867,1 transmit a report from the Secretary of State
and the papers which accompanied it.
, ANDREW JOHNSON.
Washington, January 27,18(58.
Mr. ALLISON. As the report of Mr. Hewitt
relates, I understand, exclusively to the sub-
ject of the manufacture of iron in connection
with our tariff duties, I move that this message,
i with the accompanying documents, be referred
to the Committee of Ways and Means, and
ordered to be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
acquisition of russian america.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
the following message from the President of the
United States; which, with the accompanying
documents, was referred to the Committee on
Foreign Affairs, and ordered to be printed:
To the Senate and House of Representatives :
I transmit a report, from the Secretary of State, and
the documents to which it refers, in relation to the
formal transfer of territory trom Russia tothc United
States, in accordance with the treatv of 30th March
last. ANDREW JOHNSON.
Washington, January 27,1868.
printing bank currency, etc.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from the Secretary of the
Treasury, transmitting, in compliance with a
resolution of the House of the 14th instant, in-
formation in relation to the expense incurred by
the United States Government in the printing,
<fcc., of currency for circulation by national
banks ; which was referred to the Committee
on Banking and Currency, and ordered to be
printed.
indian affairs in dakota.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, also
laid before the House a memorial and joint
resolution of the Legislative Assembly of the
Territory of Dakota relative to Indian affairs in
said Territory; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs, and ordered to bo
printed.
admission of colorado.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, also
laid before the House resolutions of the House
of Representatives of Colorado Territory, ask-
ing for the admission of Colorado into the
Union as a State; which was referred to the
Committee on the Territories, and ordered to
be printed.
minnesota and missouri railroad.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, also
laid before the House a memorial of the Legis-
lative Assembly of the Territory of Dakota,
praying for a grant of lands to the Minnesota
and Missouri River Railroad Company, to aid
in the construction of the railroad from the
Minnesota State line to the Missouri river at
Yancton, Dakota Territory; which was referred
to the Committee on Public Lands, and ordered
to be printed.
railroad grant to dakota.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, also
laid before the House a memorial of the Legis-
lative Assembly of the Territory of Dakota,
praying for the grant of lands to aid in the con-
struction of a railroad from Sioux City, Iowa,
to the mouth of the Big Cheyenne river, in
Dakota Territory; which was referred to the
, Committee on Public Lands, and ordered to be
! printed.
bankrupt law.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, also
laid before the House a resolution of the con-
stitutional convention of Virginia relative to
the bankrupt law; which was referred to the
Committee on the Revision of the Laws of the
United States, and ordered to be printed.
appointment of state civil officers.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, also
laid before the House the proceedings of the
constitutional convention of Mississippi relative
to Congress granting to the convention power
to declare vacant all civil offices in the provis-
ional government; which was referred to the
Committee on Reconstruction, and ordered to
be printed.
joseph sugar, of virginia.
Mr. MAYNARD, by unanimous consent,
introduced a joint resolution (H. R. No. 184)
for the settlement of certain claims of Joseph
Segar, of Virginia; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee of
Claims.
mustering out war department officers.
Mr. POLSLEY, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs
be instructed to inquire whether the expenses of the
War Department cannot be reduced by mustering
out of service supernumary adjutant generals and
inspector generals, and if so, they be permitted to
report a bill for that purpose.
charlest0wn navy-yard.
Mr. BANKS, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented a memorial from one thousand mechan-
ics of Charlestown and its vicinity, Massachu-
setts, praying that the Government will provide
for further employment of mechanics at the
navy-yard, and protesting against discontinu-
