806
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 28,
ance of work at this season, with letters from |
Hon. Mr. Hull, mayor of the city, Hon. E. L. ,
Norton, and Hon. Gideon Haynes upon the
same subject.
license tax on attorneys, ktc.
Mr. PERHAM, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was;
read, considered, and agreed to :
Hesolvcd, That the Committee of Ways and Means
be directed to inquire into tho expediency of so
amending the internal revenue laws that tho tax
for licenses to attorneys and claim agents shall be to
some extent according to tho amount of business
each may do; also to inquire whether licenses l'or
attorney shall not authorize tho holder to act as a
claims agent, and report by bill or otherwise.
eel rivell miami3.
Mr. SHANKS, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a joint resolution III. 11. No. 185) in
relation to the Eel river band of Miamis; which
was read a tirst and second time, and referred
to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
public buildings at tol'kka.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas, by unanimous
consent, submitted the following resolution;
which was read, considered, and agreed to.
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce bo
directed to consider the expediency of making an
appropriation for the erection of public buildings at
Topcka, Kansas, for the use of tho United States
courts, post office, and land office, and other public
offices.
test-oath.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana, by unani-
mous consent, submitted the following res-
olution ; which was read, considered, and
agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Rules be in-
structed to inquire into the propriety of requiring
ex-members of Congress seeking admission to the
floor ot the House to take the test-oath.
tennessee loyal claimants. •
Mr. ARNELL. I ask unanimous consent
to submit the following resolution:
Resolved, That tho Committtee of Claims be in-
structed to report a bill to facilitate the payment of
lnyal claimant* in the State of Tennessee.
Mr. ALLISON. I object.
settlement of champagne suits.
Mr. HULBURD, by unanimous consent,
offered the following preamble and resolution;
which were read, considered, and agreed to:
Whereas it is rumored that certain suits known as
the champagne eases, lately pending in New York,
for alleged frauds in invoicing imported wines, have
been compromised and discontinued: Therefore,
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
directed to inform the House as to the present
status of said suits, if they have been settled ind
withdrawn, or if a settlement and withdrawal is
contemplated, tiie number of such suits, the names
of the parties thereto, the respective amounts in-
volved in cach case, the terms and conditions of
every such settlement or contemplated settlement,
the reason therefor, and the authority under which
such settlement has been or is to be made; also, to
state in detail the expenses in any way connected
with such suits, including also the names of all per-
sons, agents, attorneys, or counsel who have been at
any time employed by the Government, in the United
States or in any foreign country, with reference to
these cases, with a statement in detail of tho salaries, i,
fee, expenses, andretainerspaid or to be paid to every
such person or persons from the time of his or their
first employment by the Government, with copies of i
all his or their bills or accounts or claims allowed or ] '<
rendered, for salary orothercompensation whatever, j
including traveling or other expenses incurred or
charged by reason of such employment; also,whether J
or not any such agent or agents, employed at home |
or abroad, have claimed to be informers in any ease
or cases investigated and worked up by such agent or j
agents; if so, to state the name or names of such agent
or agents, in what cases such claim has been made,
the amount, if any, paid to or claimed by every such ;
agent as informer, and whether or not in the settle- ]
mentandcoinpromiscofthcchampagnecasesalleged j
to have been recently made in New York, or wine
cases elsewhere, provision has been made for the
payment by the claimants or defendants of the ex-
penses of the suits, or of the fees and expenses of such ,
agents and attorneys, as informers orotherwise, and
if go. to whom and to what extent; also, whether any ;
such agent or agents are now in the service and pay
of the Government; if so, the name or names of the
same, the salaries, fees, expenses, or perquisites
paid or to be paid, allowed or to bo allowed, to them
reHpectively.
Mr. HULBURD moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was adopted ; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
arbitrators under british treaty. ]
Mr. FERRISS, by unanimous consent, offered
the following resolution ; which was read, con-
sidered, and agreed to:
Remlved, That the Committee on Foreign Affairs
be instructed to inquire what services, if any, have
been performed by the judges and arbitrators ap-
pointed in pursuance of tho provisions of tho treaty
with Great l!i itain, of April 7, 1^6:2; and also to inquire
into the necessity of continuing said officers, and if
continued, the necessity ot continuing them as sala-
ried officers; and said committee be instructed to
report by hill or otherwise.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Mc-
Donald, its Chief Clerk, informed the House
that that body insisted upon its disagreement
to the amendment of the House to the third
amendment of the Senate; and also upon its fou r
teenth amendment, disagreed to by the House,
to the bill of the House, ^II. R. No. o"20.)
famine in sweden and norway.
Mr. HARDING, by unanimous consent,
offered the following resolution ; which was
read, considered, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the Secretary of State bo directed
to communicate to this House such information as
may be in the State Department relative to fainino
in Sweden and Norway.
bureau of civil service.
Mr. LOGAN, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. 11. No. 580) to provide for a
bureau of civil service at Washington, in the
District of Columbia; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the joint Com-
mittee on Retrenchment.
charges against treasury officers.
Mr. LOGAN also, by unanimous consent,
offered the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be,
and he is hereby, directed to communicate forthwith
to tho House of Representatives the names and oc-
cupations of all the officers of the Treasury Pepart-
mentnow in oltiec against whom written charges ha ve
been preferred by any one, or who may have been
recommended by the Commissioner of Internal llev-
enueforsuspension, removal, or dismissal for corrup-
tion or inability in any way to perform their duties
since tho 1st day of July, lSt>7, and th;it the papers
in each case be forwarded with such statement, and
a report showing what action has been taken in cach
case, and the reasons therefor.
state bank circulation.
Mr. TRIMBLE asked unanimous consent to
offer the following resolution :
Resolved, That the Committee on Banking and Cur-
rency be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
repealing the tax on the circulation of State banks.
Mr. ALLISON objected.
cherokee lands.
Mr. LOUGHRIDGE, by unanimous con-
sent, submitted the following resolution ; which
was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Interior bo
directed to inform the House what steps have been
taken in relation to tho sale of the lands ceded in
trust to the United States by article seventeen of tho
treaty between tho United States and the Cherokee
Indians, concluded July 27, 1866, and if said lands
have been sold, to what parties, in what manner, and
upon what terms, and what provision was made, if
atay, for settlers thereon.
southern land grants.
Mr. MUNGEN. I call forthe regular order.
The SPEAKER. The regular order is the
bill (H. R. No. 2(17) to declare forfeited to the
United States certain lands granted to aid in
the construction of railroads in the States of
Alabama, Mississippi, and Florida, and for
other purposes. On this bill the gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. Jul,tan] is entitled to the
floor for twenty-five minutes.
Mr. JULIAN. 1 have agreed that two
amendments may be offered to this bill, and I
would be glad if the gentlemen desiring to
offer them would have them read nowfor infor-
mation. I yield for that purpose.
Mr. ARNELL. I desire, when it shall be
in order, to offer the following amendment:
At the end of section first insert the following pro-
viso :
Provided, That this forfeiture shall not apply to
the grant of lands made by the United States to the
State of Alabama for the benefit of tho Tennessee
and Alabama Central railroad, which is now known
as the Nashville and Decatur railroad.
Mr. PILE. I desire at the proper time to
offer the following amendment:
Add to the first section the following additional
proviso:
And iimvidnlfurther. That this act shall not apply
to hinds (Trailted by tile United States to the Statu
of Alabama to aid in the construction of certain rail-
roads in said State by act, of Congress, approved
.rune 1ST), ami which lands were granted by tho
Stnto of Alabama to the Alabama and Tennessee
lliver llailroad Company.
Mr. BLAINE. I desire to give notice of my
intention to offer the following amendment as
an additional section;
Ami he it further enacted, Thatnll other land grants
to any States or railroad corporations that liavo ex-
pired by limitation are hereby declared forfeited and
made subject to settlement under the regulations of
the homestead law.
Mr. JULIAN. Mr. Speaker, before resum-
ing my remarks on this bill f must renew my
request not to be interrupted, for the simple
reason that I cannot otherwise conclude what
I desire to say within the time allotted me.
Besides, sir, I am afraid that some bloody
results might follow if the altercation of the
other day should be renewed between myself
and some of the belligerent gentlemen on the
other side of the House. [Laughter.] Let
me say again, also, that I wish to have this
bill fully and thoroughly discussed, and that I
hope, therefore, no dilatory motions will be
interposed. I ask that the proposition shall
be met and disposed of upon its merits, and
to this end I have agreed that certain amend-
ments may be offered which some gentlemen
deetn important. The bill has had two post-
ponements already, and the recommitment of
it to the committee which reported it or any
similar policy of evasion or delay would very
probably be fatal. Lot us discuss it and dis-
pose of it under the opportunities which now
invite us to do so.
Mr. Speaker, when I was interrupted in the
previous discussion I was proceeding to com-
ment upon the loyalty of the New Orleans and
Opelousas Railroad Company, and I was re-
ferring to their own memorial to Congress,
setting forth the grounds on which they ask a
revival and continuance of their land grant.
They say in this memorial—
' That the relations of the laanngers of this rail-
road company to the Government from the first day
of the capture of New Orleans have been entirely
friendly, and that, the legal existence of the. corpora-
tion was at all times officially recognized by Major
Generals uutlkr, hanks, and Canby, the military
Governor, General Shepley, and the acting mayors
of New Orleans, and their subordinate officers, as can
be fully shown by the records."
I submit, sir, that the fact that General
Banks, and General Bctler, and General Shep-
ley recognized the legal existence of this cor-
poration is by no means a ground on which to
rest their application for indulgence at the
hands of Congress.
They go on to say—
" That from that early period of the war, 1st May,
1862, to its close, during which, and until tho trans-
fer of the road to the company again, 1st February,
1866, the United States Government, through its
officers, have had tiie free occupation and use of its
road, material, and machinery, for military purposes,
having tho first, night of the capture of the city quar-
tered Colonel McMillan's Indiana regiment in their
spacious depot at Algiers and suspended thcrunning
of its trains."
Mr. BANKS. I desire to say that I never
recognized the legal existence of that road.
Mr. JULIAN. Then the fact which I read
from the memorial of this company is untrue.
But suppose it were true that General Banks
or General Butler recognized the legal exist-
ence of the corporation, or that they seized
this road and its depot while Colonel McMillan
quartered his Indiana regiment in it on its
arrival in the city; I submit that the mere fact
that this corporation yielded to overwhelming
force is by no means a proof of their loyalty
or of their right to ask any favor whatsoever at
the hands of Congress. I do not understand
that there is any special merit in yielding to
what is inevitable ; certainly not. They were
compelled to "accept the situation," forthe
simple reason that there was no other alterna-
tive left them.
"The fear o' hell's a hangman's whip
To haud the wretch in order;"
