1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
807
Aud when the members of this company
come here parading the fact that they yielded
to the forces ot the United States they parade
their own disloyalty and brand themselves as
uuwonhy to be heard in their prayer to the
Congress ot the I nited States. But they go on
to sav in conclusion that—
" In consideration of their services as a company,
they a>k, the adjustment and liquidation, by the
"llieers oft lie Treasury, of their open accounts
f'r private freichN, engines, ears, steamboat, and
barce, and ot her railroad property, and for the trans-
portation of the United States mails, as set forth and
re-pec fully Mibniitted in the accompanying form of
a bill, marked A."
W hy, Mr. Speaker, the blessedness and
beauty of this petition are certainly refreshing,
to say the least, llie sweet heavenly-tninded-
ne.-s that could have prompted these men to
come here and ask Congress to pay them for
the use of their railroad in crushing their
treason and saving the country is so marvelous
that it defies all definition. I cannot do the
subject justice.
Suppose, Mr. Speaker, that in the course
of this war we had captured the railroad con-
necting this city with Richmond aud had
held it, with its machinery and rolling stock,
using it in the service of the United States till
the end of the rebellion, aud the Virginia
rebels at the close of the war had asked us to
pay them for the use and occupation of that
road in conquering a peace; the case would
have been precisely like that of these New
Orleans rebels who ask us to pay their claim.
Sir. little as I think of Virginia rebels I doubt
whether they ever would have had the diabolic
audacity of these Louisiana bankersand merch- j
ants who ask Congress to pay them for the use !
of their capital and machinery in compelling
them to obey the Constitution and laws.
Now, sir. in order to show the real character 1
of this application from the New Orleans and
Opelousas Railroad Company and its friends,
I ask the Clerk to read an extract from a letter
which I have received from a very intelligent
and worthy gentleman in New Orleans, whose
high character was indorsed to me the other
day by the editor of the New Orleans Repub-
lican, then in this city, and who is personally
known to some members of this House.
The Clerk read as follows:
" It will, perhaps, be nfvalue to youtoknow some-
thins of the nature and quality ol the land through
which this road runs. Oil the map you will observe
that from Opelousas the road runs north, bearing
we.-t to town three south, range one east, where it
turns to the west, running north 70° west, crossing
the numerous little streams that form the Mermen-
teau and Calcasieu rivers. The streams rise in a
sandy ridge cos ei ed with pine timber, the land being
of but litt'e value. Hut along the base of this ridge
i- a belt of fertile land about twenty miles in width,
tbroughwhich the railroad is projected, and almost
all of it is taken by this grant. As you descend these
streams from this belt the land becomes flat, with a
white clay soil entirely worthless for cultivation.
On the Calcasieu riverthere is some pine timber that
i? valuable, but all the land of any value has been
select'd l>y the State as overflowed lands. Of the
three million acres of Government lands in this State
about nine hundred thousand acres are held by this
grant, and I think I can safely say that there arenot
one hundred thousand acres of Government land fit
for cultivation outside of this grant. The confisca-
tion of the State lands would open about half a mil-
lion acres of land to entry that could be made avail-
able for settlement for freedmen.
"I have written particularly in reference to the
New Orleans, Opelou'a", and Great Western rail-
road, because the Vieksburg and Shreveport rail-
road, which is included in the same grant, has but
an inconsiderable amount of good land within its j
limits. It seems to me very inconsistent for a Con-
gress that tal ked of confiscating plantations for the
benefit of freedmen to give away the only available ,
land to a company of speculators under the pretext
that northern capitalists are interested in it.
" It would, perhaps, be of no avail for me to detail :
to you the difficulties attending the settlement of
freedmen on homesteads. Many poor people are liv-
ing on these New Orleans and Opelousas railroad
lands who were there before the passage of the oii-
ginal grant, but being ignorant of the course to pursue
to secure their homes they were thrown out of their
preemption claims. Almost all of these people have
been throughout the war Union people, resisting
secession and conscription often to death, flying to i
the swamps for protection, and when our Army came :
through the country eagerly gave valuable informa- i
lion, and many of them joined the Army. I have
placed some freedmen upon tlie.se lands, supposing
that the limitation terminated the grant, and opened
the land for entry. I consulted an attorney, who gave
it as his opinion that the land was subject to entry.
I think Congress will not, at loast, refuse this aot of
justice to these people.
"The fact that northern capitalists are interested
in the road is no good reason lor renewing the grant.
" it is the northern capitalist as well as the south-
ern planter that the poorfreedman has to contend
against now. Under the present contract system he
is in aworse condition, in many instances, than when
in slavery, lie gets filtecn dollars a month and one
ration of five pounds of pork and one peek of meal
per week. The planter sells him the food for his
tamily, and at the end of the year the freedman is
in debt. And 1 assure you it is not only the rebel
planter that docs this but also the pretended lie-
publican that comes here and rents the plantation.
H orking under the auspiccs of the Bureau of Refu-
gees, Vreednien, and Abandoned Lands, (but with-
out pay,) I have spent a years' time and about throe
thousand dollars in efiorts to get freedmen upon
homesteads. I am free to sav that the greatest and
most effective opposition that I have met with has
been in part from professed Union men and those
interested, directly or indirectly, in the planting
interests.^ politicians, &e. And when I went to the
editors of the Republican, supposing, of course, that
they wore interested in the welfare of the freedmen,
I discovered that they were interested in the Ope-
lousas railroad speculation and opposed to giving
the land to the freedmen, as they wished to speculate
upon it. Officers of colored regiments would some-
times dissuade their men from going upon home-
steads and induce them to contract with planters,
receiving for each man five dollars. The case is
freedmen vs. capital.
Mr. JULIAN. Mr. Speaker, tbe character
of that testimony corroborates what I said the
other day respecting the need of homesteads
in these regions, and especially the need of
opening up the lands now tied up in the hands
of this rebel corporation, so that the landless
poor there may be enabled to acquire homes.
In the concluding passage of the paper just
read the case is properly presented as that of
"the freedmen vs. capitalists;" and I hope
this Congress will take the side of loyal and
homeless poor in opposition to the capitalist,
whether rebel or loyal, and whether in the
North or the South. There are men in the
North (and I have confessed it often) who
believe that the "almighty dollar" is the only
living and true God, aud who have, in fact, as
little sympathy with the poor and for humanity
as the rebel planter himself. I stand opposed
to both of these classes and on the side of
those who are struggling in their poverty and
helplessness for homes and independence.
I need only add that the editor of the New
Orleans Republican, who is referred to in the
paper just read, informs me that this road will
be built, whether we renew these grants of land
ornot. Under these circumstances, therefore,
Iask that the men having it in charge shall build
it, or, at least, that we shall not aid them now at
the expense of larger and far more important
interests.
The State of Louisiana, as a State of the
Union and in the Union, is dead—constitu-
tionally dead and politically damned, [laugh-
ter]—and she has no right to comelierenowand
ask of us the revival of a land grant made to her
in 185G. When she shall come here in her right
mind, on the conditions prescribed by Con-
gress, restored once more to her constitutional
orbit as a State, and when the loyal element
down there shall ask us, under proper re-
strictions, to renew the grantor make another,
we shall probably consider favorably their ap-
plication. But we cannot do so now. In five or
six weeks, it may be, the opportunity will come
for the loyal people of Louisiana to be heard.
Mr. Speaker, I spoke the oilier day of a
threefold opposition to this bill in its present
form ; and I pass now to the other branches of
the opposition.
Mr. TRIMBLE, of Kentucky. Will the gen-
tleman from Indiana [Mr. Julias] yield to me
for a question? j
Mr. JULIAN. I cannot yield now. I refer ;
to the Decatur and Nashville Railroad Com-
pany and the Alabama and Tennessee River
Railroad Company, and I take occasion now
to answer the question which my colleague
[Mr. Washburn, of Indiana] put to mo the
other day respecting the first of these com-
panies, and to which I promised to refer again.
I acknowledge that I was not strictly accurate
in the sweeping statement which I made the
other day as to all of these corporations in the
South. It is true, however, that when the
rebellion broke out this company acquiesced
iu it and was on the side of the rebellion during
the war, as is shown by the testimony taken by
the Committee on Southern Railroads. It is
likewise true that the company has set up a
claim of $025,000 for the use and occupation
of its road during the war, and that it also
claims that General Buell, early in the war,
made a contract by which the Government was
to pay rent for the use of this road in our hands.
These are facts which do not indicate verv
decided loyalty on the part of the Decatur and
Nashville Railroad Company. But with these
qualifications that company has behaved well,
and its case stands out in admirable relict'
when considered in connection with the char-
acter and conduct of other railroad corporations
in the South.
As to the Alabama and Tennessee River
Railroad Company, 1 wish the Clerk to read
an extract from the official document from
which he read the other day.
The Clerk read as follows:
" The affairs of the Alabama and Tennessee River
railroad were terribly mismanaged by the directory,
headed by Thomas J. Walker. Not only were its
interests permitted to suffer from neglect, but their
violation of solemn obligations, and their readiness
to make new promises without a shadow of a hope
of being able to comply with thcui, characterized
tlieir eontrol as a reign of ruin.
"They had leased the property sold them by tho
Government, in violation of the specifically ex-
pressed terms of purchase, to a contractor, who was
permitted to use the property without complying
with a single clause of his contract exccpt so far as
might benefit him. Neither was the road being ex-
tended nor was the stipulated rent being paid. The
successors of this management found themselves em-
barrassed on every hand by its unwise action."
Mr. JULIAN. Mr. Speaker, such was the
character of that railroad corporation during
the war. It was as bad as it could be. But!
agree that the stock of this company has been
bought to a large extent by northern capilal-
ists, by whom it is now controlled, and several
prominent gentlemen of the city of New York,
men well known to the country, and of unques-
tionable loyalty, have been here urging that the
lands granted to this road should be excepted
from the operation of the general forfeiture
declared in this bill.
The same class of men are asking us to ex-
cept from forfeiture the lands granted to the
Nashville and Decatur Railroad Company, upon
the ground that it is now controlled by loyal
men, which is true; and on the further ground,
which I concede, that the road is of great com-
mercial advantage to the country. This is
doubtless true as to both the roads now under
notice. I do not believe myself that we ought
at present to except either of these roads from
the operation of this bill; and as the text for
the reasons I desire to give I ask the Clerk to
read a letter I have recently received from a
gentleman of high character in Alabama, and
well known to many members of this House
personally. I mean Mr. Bingham, of Athens,
Alabama, who died recently.
The Clerk read as follows :
" I am glad to see that you have reported a bill
declaring the lands granted in 1856 to southern rail-
roads forfeited. These grants were the result of very
injudicious legislation, because they gave away a
very large part of the public domain to corporations,
to be used as a monopoly, entirely disproportioned to
the cost of the works these lands were to foster and
encourage; and the events of the rebellion havo
demonstrated tho wisdom of withholding them from
these corporation?, since they havenot complied with
the conditions of the grants, as all these corporations
are under control of men who havo been thoroughly
identified with the rebellion, and would use tlieir
roads to promote the interests of tho party with which
they sympathized and affiliated during the war. A
strong effort was made by the rebel officials of theso
roads in Alabama to obtain the indorsement of tho
constitutional convention of this State to a memo-
rial praying Congress to renew the grants, but it was
defeated by a vote of some 51) to 20. To illustrate the
impolicy of giving these lands away to railroads I
will cite a single case in this State. The north and
south road connecting Decatur with Montgomery,
which may be built at an average cost of por
mile, would rcccivc over four hundred thousand
acres of the best coal lands in the Stat*1, with a lar^e
amount of land containing iron ore equal in point
of malleability to the ore of Pilot Knob, Missouri;
and the control of this company is in the hands of
the most uncompromising rebels in the State. When
we get the State of Alabama back into the Union we
shall ask aid of Congress to build this road, as it is
