808
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 28,
the only remaining link to connect the Northwest
via Cincinnati and Louisville with the Gulf of Mex-
ico; but the aid we shall ask will be the bonds of the
Government instead of the laml heretofore granted.
"At present the same dominant diabolical spirit
that prevailed during the rebellion still exists, and
the masses are as much intimidated, as completely
under the dominion of the slaveholding rebel influ-
ence, as they were during the war, for the reason
that their weapon is now starvation, and the threat
that if they vote for the ratification of tho consti-
tution they—the negroes—shall have no laud to
work nor employment. There has been tho largest
and most abundant crop made in Alabama this year
in proportion to the land under cultivation I have
ever seen in the State, (and I have been here since
1853;) and yet in the midst of plenty there will be
great suffering unless Congress feeds and clothes tho
negro and poor whites through tho winter. This
state of things does not result, from idleness or im-
providence on the part of the laborer, hut from tho
refusal of the employer to pay; and there is not a
civil officer in the State who will enforce a claim in
favor of a negro."
Mr. JULIAN. Mr. Speaker, it will be seen by
this document, the statements of which I think
cannot be contradicted, and will not be, that
under these land grants more than four hundred
thousand acres of valuable coal and iron lands
are included, some of the latter being as rich
as those of Pilot Knob, Missouri. I have
before me a geological map of Alabama, show-
ing the remarkable character and extent of
these minerals. Under the act of Congress of
1856 no exception or reservation happened to
be made of mineral lands, and the renewal of
this grant in its present form might establish
an immense monopoly in the hands of these
corporations. If the facts are as I understand
them to be these lands never should have been
granted. Let them be forfeited. It cannot
harm these northern capitalists, because, not
being agricultural lands, men will not take them
for homesteads, and the southern homestead
law will not allow them to be used for any other
purpose. This is frankly admitted by these
capitalists. The passage of this bill, therefore,
will only work a, delay of some six weeks, when
Alabama will be here with Representatives of
her loyal element to speak for her and ask for
what that element shall deem proper as to
these grants. We shall certainly deal with the
same liberality toward Alabama that we have
shown to the States of the northwest. But at
present the loyal men there, speaking through
their constitutional convention, ask us to open
up for settlement and tillage the lands cov-
ered by these grants which are fit. They are
imperatively needed; while the revival of the
grant and the terms and conditions of it can
wait till Alabama shall be here as a State in
the Union.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman's time has
expired.
Mr." CHANLER obtained the floor.
Mr. JULIAN. I would like to have five
minutes more.
There was no objection; and it was ordered
accordingly.
Mr. JULIAN. I repeat, Mr. Speaker, that
the loyal people of Alabama have spoken on
the very question involved in this bill, as the
letter which has been read shows. By a vote
of fifty to twenty a proposition to revive these
grants was voted down by the loyal people
of Alabama as represented in the constitu-
tional convention which recently adjourned.
If these men were able to make a constitution
they are able to instruct Congress respecting
the railroad corporations of the State and the
best interests of her people. I am here, sir,
to obey their instructions.
I have agreed, however, that an amendment
should be offered excepting from forfeiture the
grant of lands to the Alabama and Tennessee
river railroad and to the Nashville and Decatur
railroad. I am willing the House should vote
on these amendments, but I cannot vote for
them myself for the reasons I have stated. I
would gladly accommodate capitalists who have
invested their money in these enterprises if I
could properly do so. They, however, took
their stock in these roads as a man takes his
wife, for better or for worse. They knew the cir-
cumstances underwhich they invested, and Con-
gress cannot overlook the larger interests of the
whole country for the narrower interests of a few
men, however enterprising, worthy, or patri-
otic. The House will pass upon these amend-
ments, and I prefer that they should be adopted
rather than that the entire bill should fail. My
purpose is to render the best service to the
country I can in my advocacy of an important
measure ; and therefore I would not resist the
adoption of these amendments in such a spirit
as to endanger the measure itself on its final
passage. The great body of these railroad
lands are outside of the grants covered by the
proposed exceptions, including the most de-
sirable agricultural lands of the South. The
measure, with or without the exceptions, will
be one of great and far-reaching beneficence;
and I earnestly hope it may receive the sanc-
tion of this House.
Mr. CHANLER. Mr. Speaker, I do not
appear in the discussion of this bill as the
advocate of those northern capitalists who have
chosen to invest their money at their own per-
sonal risk in railroads in the southern or unre-
constructed States, but I do feel called upon, in
the present state of feeling in this House upon
this question, to say something against the
passage of a measure which declares forfeited
to the United States, as this bill does, certain
lands granted to railroad corporations in the
States of Alabama, Mississippi, Louisiana, and
Florida. The general object of these grants
wa3 to open up the country by a railroad system
and to develop thereby the agricultural re-
sources of that section. The bill now before
us proposes to take these lands from these rail-
roads and give them to actual settlers, to small
proprietors, in order, as the chairman of the
committee who reported the bill asserts, to ffive
homes to the millions in those States and to
break up certain monopolies which now hold
control of these lands, leaving the people,
except in the cities, homeless.
Now, sir, this bill may or may not tend in
that direction. It may or may not throw these
agricultural lands open in a manner more ad-
vantageous to the people of that section of
country than the railroad companies could
have done under the original grant. I do not
pretend, however, to enter into the discussion
of that question. My object is to draw the
attention of the House to the injustice of such
a measure as this at this time, taking away
as it does from these companies, under a gen-
eral charge of disloyalty, the grants which
they have held in good faith, and under which
they have gone on and constructed their roads,
until at this day some of them are nearly com-
pleted—the injustice which is done to all in-
terested in the general welfare of that section
of the country by hastening to bring before this
House a bill, based upon charges unsustained
by any testimony that has yet been laid before
the committee having special charge of this
matter, and while the testimony is yet in the
hands of the Department upon which the de-
mand is made by the chairman of the Commit-
tee on Southern Railroads, [Mr. McClurg,]
and ia soon to be put in his hands. It is im-
possible, without due information, for this
House or for any committee to report this
measure in such a way as to do justice even to
the poorest class of inhabitants of the southern
States.
Now, sir, with regard to the amendments
proposed, I am opposed to any amendment
whatever. This is a general bill, sweeping in
its character, striking at all these corporations
that have been involved, owing to the fact of
the existence of war in the southern States, in
confusion and trouble, as the report of the
committee will show. They have been so
paralyzed in their efforts that they could not
m any way carry out the requirements of the
original grant. It would be unfair at this
time, in the absence of full testimony, to make
an exception in favor of any road, however
strongly the reasons might be urged upon the
committee ; and I therefore hope that this bill
will be acted upon and passed or defeated
unamended.
With regard to the loyal character of these
railroad companies, I have to say that person-
ally I have no acquaintance with any one con-
nected with their direction, but as a member
of the committee I have had an opportunity of
obtaining information which I think the House
should consider before it acts upon this meas-
ure. If these lands are to be forfeited under
the plea that these corporators were rebels,
were voluntarily aiders and abettors of the
rebellion—if these soulless corporations are to
be held responsible for the acts of individual
members of the corporations, and if innocent
parties both at the North and South are thus
to be robbed of their property, this House
should certainly not act until it receives a full
statement of the facts.
But, sir, without detaining the House by
reading the report on this subject, which is in
the hands of every member, I will simply refer
to that report. It is No. 3 of the House of
Representatives, from the select Committee on
Southern Railroads, Fortieth Congress, second
session. It contains ample proof that these
companies were in duress. They gave, it is
true, what they call voluntary service to the
confederate government, but they all testify
that they did so with the full conviction that
if not given voluntarily they would have been
compelled to give it by force. I will quote a
few passages from the testimony in support of
what I say. I read first from the testimony
of Algernon Snyder Buford, on page 1;
"Question. Tell the committee how, and by what
authority, the southern railroads were operated dur-
ing the war, so far as your knowledge goes.
''Answer. I had no connection with railroads until
sinco the war. From my own observation, and from
knowledge derived from all other sources, the south-
ern railroads wereoperated bythecompanies owning
them, they being more or less controlled by the con-
federate authorities. I mean to say by that, that
they exercised the control of military supremacy.
Whenever they wanted them, of course, they used
them. It was very often aduress—a violence almost.
When they needed the railroads they had the use of
them, as far as my observation went."
I read next from the testimony of Richard
Morton, treasurer of the Richmond and York
river railroad, on page 13 :
"Question. So far as your knowledge extends, under
what authority were the southern railroads gener-
ally operated during tho rebellion ? Were they run
by the companies on their own responsibility, or un-
der orders from what was called the confederate gov-
ernment? I ask not alone in regard to your owa
road, but also in regard to other roads in the south-
ern States?
"Answer. Nearly the whole of them were retained
by their own officers and managed by them; but of
course they were all compelled in a measure to con-
duct their roads under restrictions imposed by the
Quartermaster General's department. Some few
might have been operated entirely by the confed-
erate officers, but I am not aware of any particular
one."
And so on all through the testimony. On
page 74, J. W. Sloss, president of the Nash-
ville and Decatur railroad, testifies as follows :
Do yon consider that the services ren-
dered by the road during the rebellion to the con-
federate government were compulsory or voluntary?
"Answer. 1 should regard it as voluntary. It was
just something of this: if wo did not do it they would
force us to do it, and we preferred to keep it as much
as possible in our own hands. When the United
States military occupied this country we had a con-
sultation with General Buell, and he wanted us to
run the road. We had not the rolling stock to do so,
and he concluded that it was best for the Government
to take tho road and run it."
And again, on page 105, here is the testi-
mony of Samuel Tate, president of the Mem-
phis and Charleston Railroad Company :
"Question. Was the service rendered by the com-
pany to the then existing government voluntary or
compulsory ?
" A nswer. I think you might regard it as voluntary,
from tho fact that we knew we had to do it anyhow.
If we did not do it, it would have been made comr
pulsory. Orders were issued to the effect, and the
service was rendered without requiring any com-
pulsory military order, except in specific cases. The
confederate governmentwould give us specific orders
to do certain things, which we did. There was no
resisting it at all."
Again, on page 110, the same question is
answered by A. M. West, president of the
Mississippi Central railroad:
"Question. What was the service rendered to the
confederate government by the road during the re-
bellion ?
"Answer. It was such service as was rendered to
