810
THE COtfGKESSIOtf AL GLOBE.
January 28,
less poor is, to say the least of it, more gener-
ous than wise. The revolution in the South
has mtule a great many houseless and home-
less, who. if L understand it correctly, might
enter upon those lands and hold them, not to
the advantage of the agricultural interests of
the South, and not to the advantage of those
particular persons, they not being either de-
sirous or capable of doing anything more than
keeping others oft' the laud.
In other words, it is proposed that we shall
take this land from these railroad corporations,
which is held by certain responsible parties
interested in the development of every inter-
est of that section of country, and give it to
persons who may or may not be interested in
doing what is for the public benefit. It is, to
say the least of it, a very questionable course
of policy. Whatever motives of generosity may
actuate it the policy cannot be carried out with
equal justice to all the settlers in that section
or the houseless and homeless throughout the
United States. It is special legislation, dis-
criminating between classes to the general
injury of the whole country. And on that
general ground I am opposed to the bill.
I will close with the remark that this bill is
crude and premature, and cannot fail to work
injustice. It has been brought in here to in-
tercept the action of a select committee ap-
pointed to do this very work, and who have
not been able yet to report upon this subject
because of the want of testimony. If there is
any testimony before the Committee on Public
Lands upon which to base this action it cer-
tainly ought to have been imparted as well to
the committee having charge of the subject of
southern railroads.
The testimony now before the Committee on
Southern Railroads is conclusive simply in re-
gard to the rolling stock and personal effects
of those roads. All information and all re-
ports relative to the landed property of those
roads have, as yet, been withheld from the com-
mittee. If the Committee on Southern Rail-
roads were to-day called upon for a report they
would have to close it with a reference to the
rolling stock and personal effects of those roads.
That is the state of the question to-day.
Mr. PRUYN. I would inquire of my col-
league whether the fact to which he refers
arises because the committee were not inclined
to take the testimony or because they could
not get it?
Mr. CHAXLER. The only difficulty is that
the testimony from the War Department, called
for by the chairman of the Committee on South-
ern Railroads [Mr. McClurg] has not yet been
sent to the committee.
Mr. PRUYN. Th"n I understand that the
committee de=ire to take the testimony?
Mr. CHAXLER. As a member of that
committee I should be inclined to ask the
House to give us more time to investigate this
very question. All the zeal I have shown in
this matter arises from the fact that I feel a
certain amount of responsibility is resting upon
the committee having special charge of this
subject. Therefore I have at every stage of
this bill endeavored to have it postponed ; but
not from any personal antagonism to the chair-
man of the Committee on Public Lands, [Mr.
Julian.] And whatever personalities may
have arisen between the gentleman from In-
diana [Mr. Julian] and myself in this discus-
sion, they should not influence the mind of the
House in acting upon this bill or militate
against the interests of the parties to be affected
by it. I understand that the gentleman in
opening his remarks to-day alluded to the
risks which might arise if he should yield to
any member. I only desire to say that there
is no need of apprehension on that point.
Having closed that matter myself the other
day in a manner perfectly satisfactory to my-
self and my friends, I intend to leave it there
on the records of the House ; and if the gen-
tleman from Indiana or any other gentleman
who feel3 himself aggrieved by what I said on
that occasion and is dissatisfied with that record
should choose to call me to any responsibility
I am at his service.
Mr. BLAINE. Will the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Ciuni.eu] now yield to me?
Mr. CHAXLER. Yes, sir; I yield to the
gentleman ten minutes.
Mr. BLAINE. I desire to ask the chair-
man of the Committee on Public Lands [Mr.
Julian] what number of railroad corporations
will have their grants devested by this bill.
Mr. JULIAN. I presented to the House
in the opening of my remarks on Wednesday
last a list prepared at the General Land Office,
giving full information on that subject. It is
not now before me, and I do not remember
how many roads there are—some ten or twelve
in all, or perhaps more. The lands granted to
these States are already forfeited by lapse of
time and by failure to tulfill the conditions of
the grant. This bill proposes simply to declare
that forfeiture and subject them to settlement.
A Member. How many acres of land are there?
Mr. JULIAN. About five million acres.
Mr. BLAINE. Mr. Speaker, two acts have
recently been passed by this House giving to
some of the northern States a renewal of rail-
road grants, amounting, I think, to one million
three hundred thousand acres in all. Those
bills will be recollected by most members on
account of the very stubborn resistance made
to their passage by the gentleman from the
Galena district of Illinois, [Mr. Washburne.]
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Very in-
effectual resistance, however.
Mr. BLAINE. Very ineffectual, but still
very strenuous.
Now, I do not propose in the ten minutes
which the gentleman from New York has kindly
yielded me to discuss the merits of this ques-
tion with the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr.
Julian.J I have but a single suggestion to
make. We expect that within the next few
weeks, or at most the next few months, the
States which are to be immediately affected by
this legislation will be represented on this floor.
We expect—at least those who concur with the
gentleman from Indiana and myself expect—
that those States will have on this floor Rep-
resentatives in the interest of the very class
in whose behalf he advocates the passage of
this bill—the loyal men, white and black, of the
southern States. The gentleman has expressed
his expectation that Alabama will be represented
here in the course of the next six weeks, and
the other States will speedily follow. Now,
Mr. Speaker, is it not at least fair that before
passing a bill of this kind we should wait until
the Representatives from those States shall
come upon this floor and be heard in their own
behalf? The gentleman says that these lands
are forfeited now. We shall, therefore, lose
nothing by waiting. Why, then, just as the
reconstruction system is approaching its con-
summation and within four or five weeks when,
as we expect, some of these States will reappear
by their Representatives in the Halls of Con-
gress, should we rush through a bill of this kind ?
Mr. JULIAN. As I said awhile ago, the
State of Alabama, speaking through her con-
stitutional convention and representing her
loyal people, asks us to throw open these lands
for homesteads.
Mr. BLAINE. Speaking through a body
that has nothing to do with this business. The
constitutional convention of Alabama has
nothing to do with land grants. On that sub-
ject there may be at one time in the conven-
tion an accidental majority one way, and at
another time an accidental majority another
way. But the Representatives and the Sena-
tors who will in a short time come into these
Halls from those States should be heard on this
subject, as the Representatives and Senators
from Iowa and Wisconsin have been heard this
session in regard to land grants to their States.
I greatly distrust the wisdom in the abstract
of this mode of proceeding. I greatly distrust
the wisdom of denying to these southern States
the means of finishing their lines of transport-
ation. If these lands were ever necessary to
those States, I believe them to be much more
necessary to-day than they were at the time
when they were originally granted. 1 do not
say that I shall vote in favor of a renewal of
these grants. I have not voted for other land
grants this session. But I do say that a snap
judgment ought not to he taken in this way
when the interests of the United States will not
be jeoparded by waiting. Wo lose nothing by
waiting; we risk nothing. All we do is to
leave the status as it is.
Mr. JULIAN. We lose millions of home-
steads.
Mr. BLAINE. The gentleman from Indiana
says we lose millions of homesteads. Why,
sir, was not his interest excited in reference to
homesteads when we revived and renewed sim-
ilar railroad grants to Wisconsin and Towa, not-
withstanding the earnest opposition of the gen-
tleman from Illinois, [Mr. \Vashhuhne ?]
Mr. JULIAN. In those cases the States
showed their good faith by an honest endeavor
to build the roads, whereas these rebel States
and corporations abandoned their enterprises
and waged war against the Government.
Mr. BLAINE. I submit that is the most
irrelevant argument possible. I do not deny,
sir—I suppose it would be quite useless to deny
these corporations are lawlessly made up of
rebels; yet if that southern country is ever to
be built up again, then upon those lines of rail-
road depend the future growth of the South
just as it'rebels never had anything to do with
them. To-day they are in the hands of loyal
men, whether owned by rebels before or not,
and I submit they are as essential to the growth
and development of the agricultural interest
there now as they were the day the lands were
granted to aid in their construction.
And if I were speaking alone for the interest
of the frcedmen of the South I should say let
those land grants stand. I am willing to wait
until the representatives of the freedmen shall
appear here and indicate their wishes and wants;
and, sir, as the loyal people there express their
wishes on this subject so I will vote.
Mr. JULIAN. I fully agree with the gen-
tleman from Maine as to the importance of
these southern railroads and the propriety of
reviving these grants under proper restrictions
and at the proper time. The present question
is simply as to the forfeiture of these grants.
Mr. BLAINE. I ask the House why, then,
we shall pass this bill now when we will have
all this labor to go over again in a few weeks?
But there is another feature of the gentle-
man's bill. He lets in amendments in favor
of some favorite corporations in which some
New York gentlemen have their fingers. Not
only excepting one of these pet roads, but two
or three of them. I do not accuse him of
favoritism, but why except those roads? Why
will he not let in my amendment, that if we
cut off one of these roads from the grant of
lands then, without exception or limitation,
we shall cut them all off? Why does the gen-
tleman not admit my amendment ?
Mr. JULIAN. I did admit it, just as I
allowed the other amendments. I am willing
the House shall vote upon all of them.
Mr. BLAINE. I am obliged to the gentle-
man for that. If we treat the South in this
way let us treat the West in the same way.
Let every one stand upon its own bottom. We
do not treat the South as well as the Northwest,
for the latter have Representatives here, and
they have been effectual in getting the grants
extended and renewed where the law has not
been fully complied with, and now, when there
are no Representatives of the South upon this
floor, with not a voice to speak in her behalf,
we propose to cut them off for similar violation
of law.
Mr. JULIAN. Whose fault is it that they
do not appear here by their Representatives?
Mr. BLAINE. It is not the fault of the
loyal men down there. It is not the fault of
the freedmen.
Mr. JULIAN- No.
Mr. BLAINE. Then the gentleman should
