1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
813
the northern States. In reference to the equity '
the gentleman suggests where these lands may
have been taken up for homesteads in the mean
time I have only to say thata large portion of the
land granted to these States is eoal and iron
lands, rough lands, wholly unfit for tillage, and
will not be affected by forfeiture, while, on the
other hand, there are fertile lands in the South
tit for preemption and settlement, the best of
the whole lands down there, which, I think,
should be open for settlement and tillage. While
some of these lands may be taken up in that
way, I can only say this should be done until
these States appear here upon this floor, and
through loyal Representatives are heard in their
own behalf.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Let me suggest to the
gentleman from Indiana that he is placing him-
self in a predicament so he will not be able to
fulfill his pledges. lie will perceive at once he
is involving this matter in innumerable difficul-
ties. I understand him to say there are to-day
settlers upon the lands which are claimed by
the States ; that they are covered all over with
these people, and yet the gentleman undertakes
to press this bill through at this time.
Mr. JULIAN. The lands not lawfully dis-
posed of in these States will be forfeited under
this bill, but it cuts off no right from these
States to come here and ask for relief. As to
settlers who have gone on these lands, they
desire to have them forfeited, so that they may
have them as homesteads.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. The gentleman presses
the passage of this bill, and yet he cannot tell
the roads it operates on or show the necessity :
for it. He cannot tell how large the forfeiture |
will be, what railroads it affects and to what'
extent, and yet he asks us to pass it upon such
a report as he has given.
Mr. JULIAN. I informed this House some
days ago, on the opening of this discussion,
presenting a detailed statement showing the
grant to each road, the State in which it lies,
and all about it., and if the gentleman has been
too indifferent to this subject to inform himself
I am sorry for him. He will find it in The
Globe of the 23d instant.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. The gentleman from
Kentucky asked the gentleman a question,
and I understood the gentleman to Bay that it
affected no road in operation. I now under-
stand that it affects the New Orleans and Ope-
lousas railroad.
Mr. McCLURG. I must now resume the
floor.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I should like the gentle-
man from Indiana to clear the matter up.
Mr. McCLURG. Mr. Speaker, the Commit-
tee on Southern Railroads have been so re-
ferred to and the testimony taken by that
committee so commented upon, that I could
not, were I so disposed, avoid saying a few
words in justice to the committee and the prin-
ciple involved in the pending measure.
I wish to say that I am in accord with the
gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Julias] on the
principle involved in this bill, and in every
measure that tends to withhold rewards from
traitors who engaged in the late rebellion. I
have, however, no authority to speak for the
Committee on Southern Railroads. The sub-
ject of the forfeiture of lands granted to the
former States named in the bill, as has been
said by the gentleman from Indiana, has been
referred to the Committee on Southern Rail-
roads, and it has also been referred to the
Committee on Public Lands, from which this
bill emanates. I see no impropriety, there-
fore, in either committee, if prepared, asking
action by the House. The Committee on
Southern Railroads are not prepared to report
upon the forfeiture of these lands, but in a very
few days will report upon the other question
referred to them under instructions from the
House. The Committee on Public Lands are
prepared. I care not what committee reports
a bill if I approve it.
The Committee on Southern Railroads were
desirous of placing before the House all the
information that could be obtained in relation
to the lands in question before making their re-
port : not, as I understand, th'at such informa-
tion could affect the principle that should gov-
ern in determining the policy to be pursued,
but that the House might know the facts. They
therefore took the necessary steps through the
War Department to ascertain what disposition,
if any, had been made of the lands in question
by those States, the amount of land transferred
to the railroads, the quantity sold or otherwise
disposed of by the roads, with the quantity to
each individual. But if any lands have been
disposed of so as to vest a right even under a
color of title in individuals, such information
can only satisfy the House if such individual
titles are not to be disturbed as to the quantity
that would revert to the Government under
this bill. The principle upon which I presume
the House will act will not be changed by any
information that may be obtained. As I un-
derstand it the principle grows out of the fact
that the former States named in the bill de-
clared themselves separated from the Govern-
ment which made such munificient grants, and
arrayed themselves in armed hostility to the
Government.
On this point the House needs no other tes-
timony than the letters of blood written on
every page of our country's history during the
four years of desolating war. These former
States erected for themselves a government
and confederated together for rebellion, thus
forfeiting all claim to the kind consideration
of the parent Government which they in their
madness attempted to destroy.
Still, Mr. Speaker, we hear it reiterated that
a State cannot rebel. I have not heard it in
this discussion, but I hold in my hand a report
which I may have occasion in a few days to
allude to more at length, which says:
"A State oannot rebel. In contemplation of law I
believe it is conceded that a State, as such, cannot
rebel. There can be no confiscation of the property
of a State: certainly there cannot be confiscation
without judicial proceeding. A citizen may be pun-
ished, his property may be confiscated, but a State
cannot be convicted of treason or punished, or its
property be confiscated."
Now, let me say to gentlemen who attempt
that argument that this is very different from
the opinion of the Supreme Court, which I now
cite from 2 Black's Reports, page 878 :
"Xow it i3 a proposition never doubted, that the
belligerent party who claims to be sovereign may
ex ercise both belligerent and sovereign rights," *
* * * "Under the very peculiar Constitu-
tion of this Government, although the citizens owe
supreme allegiance to the Federal Government, they
also owe a qualified allegiance to the State in which
they are domiciled. Their person and property are
subject to its laws. Hence in organizing this rebel-
lion they have acted as States claiming to be sover-
eign over all persons and property within their
respective limits,and in asserting tke right to absolve
their citizens from their allegiance to the Federal
Government several of these States have combined
to form a new confederacy, claiming to be acknowl-
edged by the world as a sovereign State."
But, Mr. Speaker, for present purposes it is
enough for us to know that the lands in ques-
tion were granted for railroad purposes, and
that the officers, stockholders, &c., of the roads
thus to be benefited were engaged in rebellion,
and to know that those States could pass no
! valid title to any corporation or individual until
they had complied with the conditions of the
grant. No gentleman will contend differently.
I believe, however, that very little of the land
has been disposed of to individuals.
I But, Mr. Speaker, these very railroads were
used, so far as they were in operation, in aid
i of the rebellion in transporting rebel troops
: and supplies, as is clearly shown not only by
1 the history of the country but by the testimony
: taken by the Committee on Southern Rail-
! roads. I presume I may very properly refer
to that testimony, as it has already been com-
mented upon by my colleague on the commit-
tee, [Mr. Chanler,] and as it is printed and
: accessible every member of this House.
1 And I certainly say truly that that testimony
is clear, distinct, positive that ail the roads
except one short branch road—the Rogersville
branch of the East Tennessee and Virginia
road—in the States that were declared in re-
bellion, were engaged during the rebellion in
carrying troops and munitions of war, &c., for
the rebel government, and that the service was
rendered voluntarily by the officers of the
roads, with no remonstrance on the part of
the stockholders or any portion of the stock-
holders of any one road; and I defy contra-
diction of this statement from the testimony
that has been taken by the Committee on
Southern Railroads. At all events I may
safely say that in all the testimony taken by
the committee in relation to loyalty in seven
of the rebel States, scarcely ten individuals—
and I may say without fear of contradiction
certainly not twenty individuals—interested in
railroads were named by all the witnesses
examined as loyal to the United States Gov-
ernment during the rebellion. Then, to the
testimony as to the loyalty of the officers and
stockholders of southern railroads. If any
gentlemen, however, have made up their
minds to ignore altogether the past and grant
public favors alike to those who attacked and
to those who defended the Government, to
such the testimony is worthless.
But, Mr. Speaker, the most earnest and
active opponents of this bill have based their
opposition to it upon what they assert to be
the loyalty of the stockholders in these roads.
I hold in my hand the Globe of the 13th of
July last, and the debate in this House on the
12th of that month will show that the opposi-
tion made by the gentleman from New lork,
[Mr. Chani.er, ] and also by another gentleman
from New York, who has not been present in
the House for some days, [Mr. Wood,] was
based upon their assertion that loyal stock-
holders would be proved to have been in all
these rebel States. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. Chanler] at that time said it was
a fact before the committee that loyal men
were interested as stockholders in the roads in
Tennessee and throughout the South, and said
he, "The question of loyalty lies at the bottom
of the whole investigation by the committee."
Now, if in July last the question of loyalty
was at the bottom of the investigation, I ask
why is it not so to-day? I desire now to say
that what loyalty was proved to have existed
in the States lately in rebellion was only in a
few cases constituting exceptions to the gen-
eral rule. In some eases it appears that a
small proportion of the stock was held at the
North; but in no case does it appear that the
stockholders either North or South protested
against the use of the roads in aid of the rebel-
lion or even remonstrated.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. I would
ask the gentleman whether rolling stock of the
Nashville and Decatur road was not seized
and taken by military force ?
Mr. McCLURG. I will answer that ques-
tion presently.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. Will the
gentleman allow the Clerk to read the passage
from the testimony of Mr. Sloss, president of
the Nashville and Decatur railroad, which I
have sent up?
Mr. McCLURG. Yes, sir.
The Clerk read as follows:
" Question. Did the United States authorities do any
damage to your rolling stock?
"Answer. As the confederate forces fell back from
hero we got our rolling stock. The passenger cars and
engines and some freight oars had been taken by
General Sidney Johnston. He first sent a demand
for the stock, which we refused. He then sent an
order to Colonel Scott, in command of the cavalry
forces, to bring it to him at all hazards, and Colonel
Scott did so. Part of it fell into the hands of the
Federals at Corinth: one of these engines was after-
ward used by General Mitehel. When they evac-
uated Huntsville they destroyed that engine. An-
other engine they were using at Salisbury was blown
up there by some mismanagement and two men
killed on it."
Mr. McCLURG. When I get to that point
I will reply to the gentleman, and I think
answer satisfactorily to this House. I am dis-
posed to think that there were a few loyal men
in Tennessee, and especially in east Tennessee ;
but this question of the forfeiture of lands does
not relate to Tennessee as to the other States.
It appeared that in a few roads some stock was
owned at the North ; and in one, the Macon
