1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
815
All the testimony, as I have said, is in har-
mony as to the disloyalty of these railroad men.
I hold m my hand a letter front Brevet Briga-
dier General Saxton, headquarters third mili-
tary district, chief quartermaster's oiliee, At-
lanta, Georgia, December 14, 1S67, a portion
of which is as follows :
"Your letter to General Grant upon tho subject
wa^ referred by the Quartermaster General to me,
and I have endeavored to obtain the information
trom theGovernors of Alabama and Florida, thus far
unsuccessfully. XbeGovernor of Alabama has prom-
ised, but 1 have, at? yet, received no reply from the
G. > enuT ot Florida. I nave, in addition, addressed
letters direc:lv to the president of every railroad
company in the two States, propounding directly
your questions. 1 think it is somewhat doubtful
whether they will aiiMver them. So far as my own
experience in this district pocs,.andit is somewhat
extensn e, the prominent men connected with these
roads have been disloyal to tho Union, and that
every road has been u?ed in aid of the rebellion and
not one in aid of the Union, except upon compul-
sion.''
Now. Mr. Speaker, I ask the gentleman from
Wisconsin. [Mr. Ei.rr.inoE,] and he can an-
swer at a future time, whether he is prepared
to reward treason? If we are prepared to do
so then let lis vote down this bill; but if we are
prepared to stand by the poor loyal men of the
South let us pass thfe bill.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I will answer the gen-
tleman.
Mr. McCLURG. How long do you want?
Mr. ELDRIDGE. One minute.
Mr. McCLURG. Very well, then.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I am not in favor of re-
warding treason, nor am I in favor of punishing
indiscriminately a whole people without trial,
without a jury, without ascertaining the fact in a
proper manner before the courts of their guilt;
neither am I prepared to visit the penalties of
this bill upon that people or a report which the
gentleman himself admits does not determine
any fact with reference to individuals, nor
scarcely a fact in reference to any railroad
liable to be affected by this measure.
Mr. McCLURG. Mr. Speaker. I am as de-
sirous as any gentleman can be whose friends
have invested capital in corporations controlled
by rebels, knowing them to be such, and pre-
pared, of course, to take the responsibility. I
am as desirous as they can be to see the pros-
perity of the South return, as well as that of
all portions of our common country. It is that
very desire, I would say to the gentleman from
Wisconsin and to others, that our common
prosperity may never again be interrupted by
those who attacked the life of the Union and
stagnated its channels of commerce. I almost
feel willing that God shall visit, as I have no
doubt He will, that land with desolation, as He
visited in times of old those who knew Him
not, until they shall return to their duty to
humanity, and come out from the tombs of
corruption where they have so long dwelled.
And that is my answer to the gentleman from
Wisconsin. When they shall have done that,
and shown unmistakable signs of returned rea-
son, sitting in their proper places by their own
voluntary action, clothed in garments of loy-
alty, then I shall, in any legislation, be willing
to treat them as loyal States; but not till then.
Northern capital did not prevent them from
throwing off their loyal garments, and we have
no assurance it will aid in putting them on.
Let me say that Tennessee occupies that
loyal position which I have attempted to de-
scribe. The evil spirit that possessed her has
been cast out, or if still present it is in chains
and powerless ; if not in chains it is restrained
as it should be by the bayonets and ballots of
loyal men. Occupying this position, covered
with loyal robes, Tennessee can properly ask
legislation to exempt her from the effects of
this bill. She can do so without violating the
principle in the bill. This is the course, as I
am informed, that the Tennessee delegation
in this House will pursue. Then this side of
the House should remain united on this bill.
Prodigal States will then be taught that they
must come into the presence of the parent
Government in their right minds, and ask and
not demand favors.
Mr. Speaker, as the testimony taken by the
Committee on Southern Railroads is more
especially designed to be applied to other sub-
jects referred to that committee, which will
be reported upon in a very few days, when my
colleague [Mr. Chanler] will either present a
minority report or conclude to concur with the
majority—which last he may possibly do—I
will make no further allusion at present to the
testimony and no further remark. I yield the
remainder of my time to the gentleman from
Missouri, [Mr. Pile.]
Mr. PILE took the floor, but yielded to
Mr. MYEliS, who moved that the House
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to ; and thereupon
(at four o'clock and twenty minutes p. m.) the
House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By the SPEAKER : The petition of William
C. Shimonick, of Washington, District of Co-
lumbia, late a soldier of the regular Army, for
bounty.
Also, the petition of David Herin and 15
others, citizens of Newton county, Mississippi,
for a special act of Congress for the protec-
tion of loyal citizens, &c.
Also, the petition of Mason Phelps and 36
others, citizens of Minnesota, residing in the
vicinity of Fort Ridgely, for the sale of said
fort and reservation. .
By Mr. ADAMS: The petition of H. H.
Hunter, of Knox county, Kentucky, for pension
on account of wounds received in the military
service of the United States.
Also, the petition of Mary Bingham, of Har-
lan county, Kentucky, for arrears of pension
due to Patsy Depriest.
By Mr. BARNUM : The petition of James
H. Olmstead and 100 others, of the town of
Stanford, Connecticut, to secure the rights of
naturalized citizens.
By Mr. BURR: Proceedings of the city coun-
cil of Rock Island, Illinois, relating to the rights
of American citizens in Europe.
By Mr. ELIOT: The petition of Theodule
Drouett, of New Orleans, Louisiana, praying
for reinstatement in his rights as an American
citizen.
By Mr. FARNSWORTH: The petition of a
large number of citizens of Lake county, Illi-
nois, for an appropriation to construct a har-
bor at Waukegan.
By Mr. FIELDS: The petition of Ferris
Jacobs, jr., for relief.
By Mr. GOLLADAY: The petition of Mrs.
Elizabeth Lackey, mother of Henry K. Lackey,
praying for pension.
By Mr. HALSEY: The petition of A. A.
Harderbergh and others, in favor of Congress
aiding the establishment of a line of steam-
ships between New York and European ports.
By Mr. KELLEY: Nine petitions from.cit-
izens of Pennsylvania, asking for the repeal of
internal taxes 011 cotton and woolen fabrics, &c.
By Mr. KELSEY: The petition of Daniel
H. Bissell and others, soldiers of the war of
1812, for a pension.
Also, the petition of Emeline Gage, for in-
crease of pension.
By Mr. PRICE: The petition of the super-
visors of Polk county, Iowa, asking for imme-
diate action by Congress for the protection of
citizens of the United States.
By Mr. VAN HORN, of New York: The
petition of officers of the court and county of
Erie, New York, asking an appropriation to
pay Emanuel Hensler, a deputy collector of
customs in said county, for losses sustained
by him in the discharge of his duty as a public
officer.
By Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois: The
petition of citizens of the third congressional
district of Illinois, asking Congress to pass the
necessary laws to secure the rights of American
citizens abroad.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, January 29, 1868.
Prayer by Rev. E. II. Gray, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
executive communication.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a message of the President of the
United States, transmitting correspondence in
relation to the formal transfer of territory from
Russia to the United States, in accordance with
the treaty of the 30th of March last; which
was referred to the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions, and ordered to be printed.
iiocse bill referred.
The bill (H. R. No. 512) in relation to taxing
shares in national banks was read twice by its
title, and referred to the Committee on Finance.
petitions and memorials.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore presented
resolutions of the House of Representatives of
the Legislative Assembly of the Territory of
Colorado, in favor of the admission of that Ter-
ritory into the Union as a State, and that a
portion of the Territory of Dakota south of the
forty-second degree of north latitude and west
of Nebraska be annexed to and made a part of
Colorado : which were referred to the Com-
mittee on Territories.
Mr. JOHNSON presented the petition of
Mary Riggles, praying compensation for pecu-
niary loss sustained by her in the death of her
son Lewis Riggles, who was killed by the horses
of a Government wagon on the 18th of Jan-
nary, 1863 ; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Claims.
He also presented a memorial of Thomas H.
Dowling, praying the passage of a law restoring
to him the possession of so much of his prop-
erty, known as the Island of Yerba Buena, in
the harbor of San Francisco, California, as may
not be required for public use, and that he may
be compensated for what is retained by the
Government; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Private Land Claims.
Mr. ANTHONY presented the petition of
Edward St. Clair Clarke, late acting assistant
paymaster United States Navy, praying thatan
additional allowance may be made to him to
cover losses sustained by him in the discharge
of his duties, by over payments to officers and
crew and losses in clothing and small stores
incident to the hurry in transferring and receiv-
ing them on the various stations to which he
was attached during the war; which was referred
to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. CORBETT presented additional papers
in relation to the claim of Jacob Leabo, for
compensation for property lost and services
rendered as an escort to Joseph L. Meek, bearer
of dispatches to the Government in relation to
the Indian difficulties in Oregon in 1818; which
were referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. EDMUNDS presented a petition of citi-
zens of Vermont, praying such legislation as
will define the status of naturalized citizens of
this Republic before the world, and compel
the Government of Great Britain to recognize
the validity of the naturalization of those citi-
zens she now holds in durance, and reinstate
them in their liberties, of which they have been
deprived; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. SHERMAN presented resolutions of the
New York Produce Exchange, in favor of a
reduction of the tax on whisky, and that it be
collected at the place of manufacture ; which
were referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. DIXON presented the petition of 11.
& S. French, praying that an American regis-
ter be granted to the vessel Highland Mary,
built in Germany in 1844; which was referred
to the Committee on Commerce.
papers withdrawn and referred.
On motion of Mr. WILSON, it was-
Ordered, That the petition of James M. Ellison be
taken from the files of the Senate, and referred to
the Committee 011 Claims.
