816
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 29,
On motion of Mr. FOWLER, it was
Ortlered, That t he papers of W. A. Griffin bo taken
from the files of the teuute, and referred to the CoHi-
nt ■ ctee on C laims.
On motion of Mr. FOWLER, it was
Onlrmi, That the papers in the ease of the appli-
cation of Robert Ford be taken from the files of the
Senate, and referred to the Committee on Claims.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. ANTHONY, from the Committee on
Printing, to whom was referred the bill (S.
No. ) in relation to the promulgation of
the laws of the United States, reported it with
an amendment.
lie also, from the same committee, to whom
whs referred a resolution to print four thou-
sand copies of the Patent Office Report of
I860, reported it without amendment; and it
was considered and agreed to, as follows:
Rtmlrcl, That four thousand copies of the report
of the Commissioner of Patents for 1866 bo printed
for the use of the Senate.
Mr. ANTHONY. The same committee, to
whom was referred a resolution for printing
five thousand additional copies of the report
of the Indian peace commissioners, report it
back and recommend its passage. This is for
the printing of the report without the accom-
panying papers.
Mr. WILLIAMS. What peace commission
is it that it is proposed to print the report of?
Mr. ANTHONY. The commission ap-
pointed to negotiate peace with the Indian
tribes, of which the Senator from Missouri
[Mr. Henderson'] was a member, with Gen-
eral Sherman.
Mr. CONNESS. There is no use of print-
ing these extra copies.
Mr. ANTHONY. The Committee on Print-
ing do not want them. It was the desire of
western members, those representing States
adjoining the Indian country, that the report
should be printed, and the committee have
accordingly recommended the passage of this
resolution.
Mr. CONNESS. I shall have nothing to
say here at any time against the printing of a
document the circulation of which will lead to
any public benefit.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope, if there is debate
about this matter, it will be postponed or laid
aside until my friend from Missouri, who takes
a good deal of interest in the subject, comes in.
Mr. CONNESS. Then let it lie over.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from California moves to postpone 
Mr. ANTHONY. Let it lie over as ob-
jected to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The resolution goes
over to-day if objection is made by a single
member.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Illinois is right. Objection being
made to its present consideration, the resolu-
tion will lie over.
Mr. TRUMBULL, from the Committee on
the Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 220; to abolish the district court for
the eastern district of Texas, and to extend
the jurisdiction of the district court for the
western district over the whole State, reported
in favor of the indefinite postponement of the
bill.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the joint resolution (S. R. No. 65)
amendatory of a joint resolution approved
July 2-3, 1866, reported in favor of its indefinite
postponement.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. RAMSEY asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (8. No.
297] to amend an act entitled "An act to au-
thorize the construction of certain bridges, and
to establish them as post roads;" which was
read twice by its title, referred to the Commit-
tee on Post Offices and Post Roads, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. TIPTON asked, and by unanimous eon-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
298) granting lands to aid in the construction
of a railroad from Brownsville, in the State of
Nebraska, to intersect the Union Pacific rail-
road at or near the one hundredth meridian
west longitude ; which was read twice by its
title, referred to the Committee on Public
Lands, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. WILLIAMS asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 2!HI) for the creation of a national bureau
of insurance; which was read twice by its
title, referred to the Committee on Commerce,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. MORGAN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 300) to enable admiralty courts to decree
salvage to incorporations formed for wrecking
or salvage purposes; which was read twice by
its title, and referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
Mr. POMEROY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 301) authorizing the purchase of certain
public lands in Alabama; which was read twice
by its title, referred to the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. RAMSEY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint res-
olution (S. R. No. 96) for the relief of certain
Winnebago Indians residing in Minnesota;
which was read twice by its title, referred to the
Committee on Indian Affairs, and ordered to
be printed.
i Mr. ANTHONY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint
' resolution (S. R. No. 97) to provide for the
publication of the medical and surgical history
of the rebellion, and the medical statistics of
the Provost Marshal General's Bureau ; which
was read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Printing.
SALE OF IRON-CLADS.
Mr. GRIMES. I move that all prior orders
be postponed, and that the Senate proceed to
the consideration of House joint resolution
No. 136.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the joint resolution (H. R. No. 130)
providing for the sale of iron-clads. It pro-
poses to authorize the Secretary of the Navy to
dispose of such iron-clad vessels as in his judg-
1 ment are not required by the interests of the
; service, at a price to be determined by ap-
I praisal, to be made by a board of not less than
: five naval officers, two of whom shall be engi-
neers; and report is to be made to Congress,
as fast as the vessels are sold, of the amounts
realized from such sales, and the parties to
whom sold, and the proceeds of all such sales
are to be paid into the Treasury of the United
States.
The Committee on Naval Affairs reported
the joint resolution with an amendment, in line
four, after the word " vessels" to insert " ex-
| cept those of the Dictator, Kalamazoo, Monad-
nock, and Passaic classes."
Mr. CONNESS. There are on the Pacific
| coast two of these iron-clads. One is the Mon-
I adnock, included in the exception of the amend-
; ment, and the other is the Comanche. Those
are the only means of public defeuse there at
! the present time, for at this day wooden ships
1 can scarcely be called means of defense. There
| is in those waters at this time one of the best
iron-clads in the English navy. I will not state
! what the opinion of naval men is of the British
I iron-clad to which I refer as to its power and
J impregnability, but it is essential that sufficient
; protection be maintained by this Government
in those waters. Now, if we authorize the
Secretary of the Navy to dispose of the Co-
manche there. I do not know that we can get
anything to take her place. The Navy De-
partment was very slow indeed, notwithstand-
ing the great public need of this class of defense
there, in sending the iron-clads to our coast.
i One of them was put up and built there, ,and
the other sent around through the Straits of
I Magellan. All the applications that were made
from that coast to the present Secretary of the
Navy were iti vain, aud but for the intervening
of President Lincoln we never should have
had an iron-clad there, in my humble judg-
ment. I should like to inquire of the honora-
ble chairman of the Committee on Naval Affairs
what provision there is, if any, or what under-
standing there is as to the replacement of the
iron-clad proposed to be sold there by any the
Government now has or is building on the
Atlantic coast? Otherwise, I should like to
offer an amendment so as to except that vessel
also.
Mr. GRIMES. I do not know of any under-
standing of the kind on the part of anybody,
and I do not know that we are constructing any
iron-clads at this time. The fact is that we
are constructing no vessels. Notwithstanding
all the comments that have been made in the
newspapers on the subject, there has not boon
a keel laid by the United States in any of our
navy-yards since the close of the war.
The House of Representatives passed this
joint resolution authorizing the Secretary of
the Navy to sell all iron-clad vessels belonging
to the United States which, in his judgment,
might not be required by the interests of the
service. The Committee on Naval Affairs of
the Senate did not choose to intrust this power
to the Secretary ; were not willing to say that
he should part with the whole iron-clad navy ;
but they were willing to dispose of a certain
Eortion of that navy, and therefore the vessels
eing known by classes, one class of vessels
being known as those of the Dictator class,
another of the Kalamazoo class, the Kalamazoo
being one of the four of that description, an-
other known as the Miantonomah or Monad-
nock class, there being four of that kind, all
sea-going, and another class known as the Pas-
saic class, in which there are eight, we chose
to except these from the general provision as
passed by the House of Representatives. We
knew that it might be advisable to sell some
of the Passaic class, but we thought Congress
would be willing to pass a law authorizing it
at any time when the Department and the com-
mittees chose to recommend it; and if at some
future day during the session wo shall think it
proper to sell the Comanche, or any other ves-
sel, we can introduce a bill for that purpose and
very easily pass it through, but we cannot
specify in this bill the particular vessels that
ought to be sold or that ought not to be sold.
Mr. HOWARD. I shall be very much
obliged to the honorable chairman of the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs if he will state liovv
many iron-clads we own now.
Mr. GRIMES. The exception 
Mr. HOWARD. I mean the whole number.
Mr. GRIMES. The resolution, if amended
as we propose, will authorize the Secretary of
the Navy to sell thirty-five, and it will leave
nineteen.
Mr. HOWARD. Then the whole number is
thirty-five added to nineteen ?
Mr. GRIMES. Yes, sir. I will say, Mr.
President, that one reason why we propose to
authorize these vessels to be sold is that they
are deteriorating very rapidly, and are pre-
served at a good deal of expense. A good
many of them are at Mound City, another large
portion at New Orleans, and they can be
brought around to the Atlantic coast and put
in dock only at very great expense. We lost
twenty-five men of yellow fever at New Or-
leans alone last season. Watchmen must be
kept on board each vessel, and then somebody
to superintend the watchmen and see that they
perform their duty. I am not prepared to say
what has been the expense of keeping those
iron-clads that are at Mound City, but it is
very considerable.
Mr. CONNESS. I notice, on a closer exam-
ination of the amendment offered by the com-
mittee, that the class to which the Comanche
belongs is excepted from this provision of sale.
I had failed to observe the word "classes'" in
the amendment, and thought the names em-
ployed referred to particular ships, but I see
