818
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBR.
January 29,
involved in the controversy between the Presi-
dent anil the Secretary of \\ ar that has not
already definitely tnaue up his opinions and
been placed i\illy in possession of all the facts
in the case. The public journals of the coun-
try have spread them broadcast. It does seem
to me that it is time, when we are so heavily
pressed with taxation, that Congress should
pause in its publication of documents of every
character : but as there seems to be a senti-
ment prevailing in a contrary direction in this
case 1 shall make uo objection since the expense
is so immaterial.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I do not think that
Upon further thought on this subject the Sen-
ate will be willing that a part ot the documents
in regard to an important question should go
to the country without the rest. Whatever
may be the temporary and momentary feelings
on that subject 1 do not believe they are willing
to stand before the country as claiming to send
a partial statement of public documents to
form the judgment of the country upon. The
answer that the President's communication to
the Senate has been published in the news-
papers is not a sufficient answer. This is to
be a document that is to go into the libraries
of the people as a part of the permanent rec-
ords which they keep, to which they may refer
in all time to come upon this important ques-
tion. I think that the Senate is not willing to
say that the whole case shall not be presented
to the judgment of the people. It is not right
to say that the newspaper communication shall
go to the couutry of a part of it and the rest of
the case shall be made in a permanent docu-
ment sent to the people. Therefore I move
that the consideration of the subject be post-
poned until the injunction of secrecy can be
taken from the entire list and set of documents.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The morn-
ing hour having expired, it becomes the duty
of the Chair to call up the order of the day,
■which is the unfinished business of yesterday,
being House bill No. 439, upon which the
Senator from Kansas [Mr. Pomeroy] is enti-
tled to the floor.
Mr. ANTHONY. I do not wish to inter-
fere with the Senator from Kansas who has
the floor; but if the Senate would take a vote
on this resolution without any further debate
it would be more convenient, because in all
these cases of printing the type is standing,
and it is important, at least very convenient
for the office, and often economical, to know
whether it is to be done or not.
Mr. POMEROY. If the vote can be taken
without any debate I have no objection.
Mr. 110 Vv E. I do not want to debate the
question, but let me ask my friend from Rhode
Island if we cannot, by letting the resolution
Stand over until to-morrow, arrange some way
so as to secure the printing of the President' s
message with these reports. I agree with the
Senator from Indiana; I do not want those
reports to go to the country unless the mes-
sage goes with them. I want the document to
go in that shape. i
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. All this
debate is out of order. There is nothing be- :
fore the Senate except it be House bill No.
430.
deficikncy appropriation dill.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. With the per-
mission of the Senator from Kansas I desire to
make a report from a committee of conference,
which I think will occupy no time.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It cannot
be received unless the Senator from Kansas !
gives way for that purpose. j
Mr. POMEROY. If it can be proceeded
with by unanimous consent I shall not object;
but if it is a mutter that is going to be discussed
all da}' I would rather not give way
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. It is the
ference report on the deficiency bill.
Mr. POMEROY. W il! it be discussed all
day?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Not a moment.
con-
If it gives rise to discussion I will consent to
I lay it aside.
] Mr. POMEROY. If it can be proceeded
1 with by unanimous consent I shall not object.
The PRESlDENT/)ro tempore. The Chair
will receive the report, no objection being
made.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I submit the
following report from the committee of con-
ference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses on the deficiency bill.
The eommitteo of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the amendments to the
bill (II. It. No. 320) making appropriations to supply
deficiencies in the appropriations for the execution
of the reconstruction laws and for the service of the
quartermaster's department ot' the Government for
the fiscal year endiuu J uuc30, 18GS, and for other pur-
poses. bavins: met. alter full and free eonforciH'6, have
npreed to recommend, and do recommend, to their
respective Houses as follows:
Tliattho Sun.ate concur in the amendment of the
House to the third amendment of the Senate with an
| amendment, as follows: in the first line of said Hon«e
amendment alter the word "that" insert the fol-
lowing words: " from and after the 3d day of March.
! law."
That the House of Representatives recede from
their disagreement to the fourteenth amendment of
the Senate and agree to the same.
L. M. MORRILL,
J. W. GRIML'S.
TIMOTHY 0. HOWE,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
E. B. WASIIBURNE.
F. C. BEAMAN,
Manager* on the part of the llouse.
The report was concurred in.
message from the iiocsk.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the following bills,
in which it requested the concurrence of the
Senate:
A bill (H. R. No. 344) to incorporate the
'• Washington 'Target-Shooting Association" of
the District of Columbia;
A bill (IT. Ii. No. 4o0) to regulate deposits
of the public money.
enrolled bills signed.
The message further announced that the
Speaker of the House had signed the enrolled
bill (H. R._No. 320] making appropriations for
the execution of the reconstruction laws and
for the service of the quartermaster's depart-
ment of the Government for the fiscal year
ending June 30, 18G8, and for other purposes ;
and it was signed by the President pro tempore.
supplementary reconstruction bill.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. R.
No. 439) additional and supplementary to an
act entitled "An act to provide for the more
efficient government of the rebel States," passed
March 2, 1807, and to the acts supplementary
thereto, the pending question being, on the
motion of Mr. Doouttle, to refer the bill with
instructions to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. POMEROi . Mr. President, I should
like to have the Secretary read the resolution
of the Senator from Wisconsin, which he has
moved in the form of instructions to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
The Secretary. The Senator from Wis-
consin moves that the bill be referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary, and that the said
committee be instructed, in said bill, or in any
oilier bill which may be reported by them hav-
ing reference to the question of reconstruction,
so called, in any of the States not. represented
in the present Congress, to insert the following
proviso :
Provided, nevertheless. That upon an election for
the ratification ot any constitution, or of officers under
the same, previous to its adaption in any State, no
person not havingjhe qualifications of an elector
under the constitution and laws of such State pre-
vious to the late rebellion shall be allowed to vote,
unlc&s ho shall possess one of the following qualifica-
tions, namely:
1. He shall have served as a soldier in the Federal
Army for ono year or more ;
i. He shall have sufficient education to read the
Constitution of the United States and to subscribe
his name to an oath to support the same; or.
3. He shall be seized in his own right, or in the right
oi his wife, of a freehold of the value of $250.
Mr. POMEROY. Mr. President, it is said
that '"we are in the midst of a new rebellion,
bloodless as yet, but which threatens to destroy
the Constitution, and with it the last hope of
civil liberty for the world."
Thus spoke the Senator from Wisconsin
[Mr. Doolittle] oil the 2od day of January,
1808 ; and this, 1 suppose, is his sentiment to-
day, that we are '• in the midst of a new rebel-
lion," "'bloodless as yet," but which he l'ears
will not be so long. Mr. President, I propose
to inquire into this ''new rebellion," and to
point out who are engaged in it, what their
platform is, and to what they aspire; and I
shall close my remarks by vindicating in some
measure the policy and principles of the ma-
jority in Congress, upon whom has devolved
the responsibility of inaugurating measures de-
signed " to restore the waste places m ourcoun-
try" and " build again the foundation of many
generations." And this work has been the
more arduous from the fact that it has met
with the decided and persistent opposition of
the President of the United States, from whom
we had reason to expect better things.
"A new rebellion." What is it? And
where is it?
The armed rebellion brought upon us in 1861
by designing men who had undertaken to
"Africanize" the whole country (to use one
of their very distasteful phrases) and to pros-
titute the public domain and all the States to
their possession has ceased. That concern
surrendered in April, 1865, and gave up its
ghost of entailing Africa upon American civil-
ization. But this new rebellion inaugurated
by the President and the Senator from Wis-
consin and those allied with them has not yet
surrendered. And the Senator fears that this
rebellion, too, will be "bloody." Well, sir,
that will depend very ranch upon whether they
propose to make it so, and to what lengths they
are prepared to carry their rebellion against
the laws.
That I may be clearly understood I will state
that the only new rebellion that I have seen
has been this, now patent to all: a rebellion
against the law reorganizing the States of the
South. It is a rebellion against the restoration
often States in the manner provided by law to
their proper and practical relations to the Fed-
eral Union; and the Senator seems to fore-
shadow that he intends to spread his new re-
bellion even over the States of the Norih and
West during the approaching canvass. This
" new rebellion" he proposes to make consist of
hostility to reconstruction established by law,
and now being everywhere peacefully and suc-
cessfully prosecuted; and also to compel a
return to that heathenism which he, with cruel
inelegance, applied to the colored voters of the
South when he spoke of their being "half
civilized" and of "savage races."
I do not understand the condition of the
head or the heart of any man who can look
upon the condition and prospects of the uncom-
plaining millions who have been doomed to
human slavery for three hundred years, and
who now, in the bright hour of their emanci-
pation and elevation to the standard of Amer-
ican freemen, with the light of the history of
their unavenged wrongs flashing in his face,
and in full knowledge of their almost divine
purpose of forgiveness of injuries and of lov-
ing their oppressors—who have waited, with
undying Christian faith and resignation, for this
day of their deliverance, and who never in any
degree, when committed to the care of the
helpless and the weak, undertook to avenge
their own wrongs, and thus make the house-
hold of their oppressors desolate with blood
and terror—I say I cannot understand or
fathom the cruelty of the man who will now
slander them and tarnish their glaring record
by pronouncing them in a state "half civil-
ized" and "half savage barbarians." Is this
the way to speak of American citizens pro-
tected by the Constitution and laws?
And to what entertainment do the advocates
of this "new rebellion" invite us? To this,
