1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
819
namely: it is, as seen in the platform of the
honorable Senator, the disfranchisement of
American citizen?, unless they have "all the
qualifications of electors in the South before
the late rebellion,''and if a man belongs to
this •" half savage, barbaric race'' he must
have served one year 111 the Union army, or be
able to read and write, or either he or his wife
shall have and own a freehold worth at least
$250.
Mr. President, this is the lowest and most
despicable entertainment to which I was ever
invited. Think of it again and again, and let
me change the phraseology so as to illustrate its
meaning:
First. All rebels left unhung and gone nn-
whipped of justice can vote !
Second. Having served (willingly or not,
honorably discharged or notl in the Federal
Army one year a man can vote!
Third. Having for three hundred years past
bolted the school-house door against him, and
made it a penal offense to teach him, having
thus legislated the spelling-book and the Bible,
with its hopes of immortality away from him,
now if he can read and write he may vote !
Oh, what an insult to add to the injury of
centuries!
Fourth. If he or some person he has been
allowed (through the grace of a master) to call
his wife be possessed of $250 he can vote.
Aye. sir, cheap enough, and degrading enough.
What, sir. put $250 owned by himself or some-
body else into the scales where justice and
the rights of man are being weighed out? Bar-
ter off the elective franchise, the highest right
of a free American citizen, for the paltry sum
of $250, or any other sum to be counted out
by dollars and dimes! What votes in such a
case, the man or the dollars? If the man,
then perish the dollars; if the dollars, then
let a man vote in proportion to the number of
dollars he has got.
But, sir, we are notified in this most remark-
able speech of the Senator from Wisconsin,
this first gun of the approaching campaign,
that this platform is the basis of the organiza-
tion of this "new rebellion" against the laws
of restoration for the South.
We are organizing, he said, "everywhere—
from Maine to California—not upon the dead
issues of the past, for inglorious defeat." No ;
they have had enough of that. "There is
too much at stake," he says, "and too terri-
bly in earnest for that. But living men, upon
living issues will organize for victory." That,
Mr. President, is what this means. That is the
"new rebellion" which the Senator hopes will
be "bloodless." This is a rebellion against
the laws of the land! against the return of ten
States to the Union, and against the enfran-
chisement of man. Upon this basis we are
told the country is organizing, and they are
" living issues" and hold out the "hope of vic-
tory." Sir, these "issues" have been dead
and damned for years! They belong to the
dead and buried past—to the years before
the flood—and have no existence in the "liv-
ing present" or opening future. It is an
ignoring of man; a recognition of some acci-
dental acquirement or attainment in his stead.
It is stripping him of his crown of glory, his
manhood, which places him only a little lower
than the angels and allies him to God.
The doctrine of a property qualification or
even a literary attainment being substituted for
manhood is a monstrous proposition. There
has been a deluge of wrath poured out upon
this land since that platform was adopted in
any State. If it should be reenacted now I
would expect to hear the thunderings and light-
nings of Sinai waxing louder and louder. It
will be sustained now only by that class of
fossils who, decaying always, have their back
to the future and faces in the past forever
looking backward over the left shoulder.
But the "organization" has been formed.
The Senator from Wisconsin has taken the lead
here. But the first convention to which I paid'
any attention of this new rebellion was held
some time since in Cincinnati, Ohio, and the
first response that I saw was from Robert
Toomtos, in the following letter, written to Mr.
W. M. Corry, corresponding secretary of the
Democratic central committee of Ohio, from
Washington, in the State of Georgia:
"After the reception of yours of the 6th instant,
with the proceedings of the Cincinnati convention, I
accept with the greatest pleasure the position to
which I have been assigned
Of course, birds of a feathet will flock together— ure:
" and will cheerfully give my utmost effort to pro-
mote. establish, and vitalise those principles." *
* * * 'I therefore accept any man as a
brother in peaco or war who will honestly stand by
and defend them. I will be with him as long as the
weakness of humanity will enable me to stand by the
truth to my own hurt."
There is a little fling at the Democratic party
for not standing by the South to their hurt;
they only stood by it long enough to get bene-
fits, not to stand blows.
" Therefore, sink or swim, survive or perish, I am
with the West and the South for the maintenance of
the Cincinnati platform of April 13. I will take im-
mediate measures to organize the State of Georgia
on that basis, and will urge the true men of the so-
called ten rebel States to fall into line. You [sec-
retary of the Democratic central committee] can
fully count on them. I have tried them."
* ******** *
" I regret nothing in the past but the dead and the
failure. I am ready to-uay to use the best means I
can command to establish the principles for which I
fought.
" Very respectfully and truly, your friend.
; "ROBERT TOOMBS."
These are the "living men" upon "living
issues" organized, as said the Senator from
Wisconsin, "for victory," aye, and for spoils.
But there is no disguising the facts, and I
| have no disposition to wink them out of sight.
j This pending contest, the canvass of 1868, will
1 be the winding up of the great contest of these
fifty years, as well as the wiping out of all that
remains of the old rebellion and of the "new."
We shall fling out to the breeze the whitest
and purest banner that ever led to victory. On
it will be inscribed, in letters of living light,
enfranchisement for man, because of his man-
hood ; education for all the people, as free as
the air they breathe ; no inequality of rights
among citizens of the United States, but equal
and just laws for all; no war of races and no
countenance to any such war.
What will be on this other banner, the stand-
ard of the " new rebellion?" Proscription of
human rights, dependent upon skin or hair 1
American born citizens, Africanized and pro-
nounced "barbarous and half civilized," a
poor commentary upon that divine and patri-
! archal institution which they have so long
j upheld f And then will be painted on their
I banner in terrific letters, "negro equality,"
! because they cannot approach to it. Finally,
j a " war of races," of which they alone are the
instigators by threatening it and then predict-
ing it as inevitable. This will be a banner
where helpless ignorance and honest poverty
shall deprive a man of the highest boon of an
American freeman, and where the greatest
criminals of the country go unwhipped of jus-
tice, and find a welcome at the ballot-box.
Go out before this people with such a ban-
ner; spread it to the breeze before the defend-
ers of our country, and it will trail in the dust
before the battle begins 1
Anything short of human equality, even-
handed justice, and the legal and inalienable
rights of all men secured, will be a loathing
and abhorrence to the American people. The
low prejudices appealing to the basest passions
of the human heart will now meet with but a
feeble response. The world has moved, and
with the revolutions of the last five years we
have traveled a century. Go backward ye who
can—revolutions will go forward, and the dark-
ness of the present shall blend into the light
of the future, until we behold the new heavens
and the new earth.
But this movement of opposition to legal
reconstruction, assuming the form of a "new
rebellion," will soon run its race and spend its
fury; for before the election in November
next at least eight of the ten States will be
! restored to the old family of the Union. The
evil spirit cast out, they will be "sitting
clothed and in!i*^eir right minds." This new
organization of which we are hearing will be
only a breeze to fan the dying embers of the
old rebellion and prolong for a while the hos-
tility to the Union, which if let alone will die
out and perish of its own corruption.
"I regret nothing but the dead and the fail-
is now being echoed all over the South
in response to the movement of the friends of
the new rebellion in the North. Indeed this
sentiment is so common among the class of
leading noisy rebels that it is almost universal.
They are giving more labor to the question
how they shall restore a " lost cause" than they
do to "restoring again their waste places " and
repairing the ruin they caused.
Mr. President, the discussion upon the "res-
toration policy," as it has been called, adopted
by Congress, has arrested the attention of the
Senate already, perhaps, too long. There is
only one view of the subject which I desire to
present that has not already been presented to
the Senate; and to this one thought I shall
direct my remarks.
It is said that our plan of restoring loyal
State governments in the South is radically de-
fective, because we undertake to legislate for a
people who already have valid Legislatures and
legal constitutions and governments. Here is
precisely the point where the two plans diverge,
and here it is where we parted company with
some who had for many years traveled the same
road we had pursued ; and the new rebellion
took its rise here; and this separation has now
become so wide and apparent that an agree-
ment seems impossible.
I The legislation of Congress has been directed
1 pointedly to the early restoration of the south-
| ern States upon a basis of loyalty and equality,
the same as though they had no State constitu-
tions and no civil governments.
I come now to ask how did we obtain the
right to legislate for the people of the South V
While I admit the argument based upon the
rights of the conqueror, in the hour of his tri-
umph, to dictate terms of peace and a basis of
settlement, yet in this particular case I under-
take to say that all the rights we claim over
the States lately in rebellion were yielded to us
by the very terms of the surrender when Lee and
Johnston surrendered the confederacy in arms
to the forces of the American Union. To the
very pertinent question, who gave us the right
to legislate for that people? I answer, we ob-
tained it in the surrender.
Now, sir, what was surrendered on that mem-
orable morning of April, 1865? I answer,
everything not especially excepted in the terms
of the surrender. In that forever-to-be-remem-
bered struggle there was an issue made up of
conflicting events for more than half a century.
The war was not of one discordant element,
but of many ; not because for once the South
did not elect their President, but because of
what they considered many aggravations. And
I undertake to say that the surrender contained
all the issues that went to make up the ele-
ments of the controversy. All they went to
war about was involved in the terms of the sur-
render. I repeat, nothing was saved not spe-
cially excepted in the written terms of the
surrender. And what were the terms of this
surrender? Simply this in substance: " Go
home, rebels; lay down your arms ; obey the
laws, and you shall be free from arrest."
What then, I ask, was excepted in the terms
of the surrender? Nothing but their necks,
with freedom from arrest while they obeyed the
laws of the United States.
And what was surrendered? Everything
they went to war about; every issue of the
war; everything in controversy between the
two contending parties. In that one surrender
they surrendered all. And what beside the
property and military stores did Lee and John-
ston surrender while they stood there repre-
senting the organized head of the southern
