620
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 29,
confederacy ? Why, sir, the old horses, arms,
commissary stores, and quartermaster supplies
were the very least things of the surrender.
They surrendered everythingIbat went to make
and uphold the confederacy, 'and everything
that was an element in controversy valuable in
peace or potent in war, whether of their con-
federate government or of their State govern-
ments : everything that was allied to and a
part ol' the support of the rebellion was sur-
rendered. The old dogma of State sovereignty,
the right of a State to nullify the laws of the
General Government, was in the issue and was
surrendered. The dogma of supreme alle-
giance to the State and of a man's paramount
duty to his State when it wns in conflict with
his duty to the United States was in the con-
flict and was surrendered. Aud every insti-
tution of the South which made up the ,l irre-
pressible conflict'' of half a century was j>ut
into this contest and was surrendered by the
terms of the surrender. All the forts and arse-
nals which had been takeu at the outbreak of
the war were surrendered ; and not those only,
but every boat, ship, and steamer, whether on
their rivers or in mid-ocean, was in this sur-
render. Every bale of cotton and every species
of property belonging either to the confederate
or State governments was given-up to us in the
surrender.
But all this was as nothing if we acquired
only the property engaged in the support of
the war. Then would the surrender have been
barren, indeed—not worth the blood of a single
man. What, then, did we acquire by the sur-
render that was worth all the blood and treas-
ure spent in the conflict ? I answer, in a word,
we had surrendered to us all the confederate
and State governments, including both their
State and confederate constitutions and laws.
All that went to make their governments, the
very parchments upon which their laws were
written, was all surrendered; every State
constitution and State law, as well as their
confederate constitution and confederate laws,
because they had been changed and used to
promote the rebellion. In short, everything
which upheld the rebellion and was not spe-
cially excepted in the written terms was sur-
rendered ; and the United States took im-
mediate and rightful possession. They had
changed every statute and sworn every officer
into the service of the rebellion, and of course
they were surrendered with the surrender.
Now, then, in answer to the question, how
did we acquire the right to legislate for the
people of the States lately engaged in rebel-
lion, I answer we acquired it by the terms of
the surrender. Their helpless condition invited
it, and their necessities—to have any civil gov-
ernment—compelled it. They had prostituted
everything to aid the rebellion ; they put it all
into what they called ''their cause," and sur-
rendered all. Why, then, did we not acquire
the right to legislate for them? There is not
a law in all the South to-day of any binding
obligation which Congress has not enacted or
sanctioned.
Having acquired the right to legislate, I
shall now proceed to show that we enacted
nothing which was not right in itself and neces-
sary to secure the objects we had in prosecut-
ing the war. Who would have prosecuted the
war for an hour save only to establish the author-
ity and unity of the General Government and
secure the freedom and equality of the Amer-
ican citizen? And in the reorganization who is
so recreant to his trust as to fail to insist that the
very objects sought for and fought for shall be
attained. The General Government having
acquired the right to legislate by the terms of
the surrender, and all civil law and constitu-
tions having been surrendered for that pur-
pose, what have we enacted ? Several things:
First. The constitutional amendment abol-
ishing slavery throughout the land.
This measure, manifestly so just, is not now
strenuously resisted by any one. Even those
slave States where slavery was abolished, not
ifl the rebellion, seem to acquiesce in it. The
day of deliverance for this people had come.
With or without this constitutional amendment
they would all have been-free. Their freedom
i was decreed in the proclamation of eman-
cipation a year before, and if that .had not
secured it slavery was surrendered with the
othereleinents of the contest in the terms of the
surrender. No complaint can be reasonably
chargeable upon Congress for this act. Indeed
it is the brightest page of American history,
even if it was inevitable. The three hundred
years of their captivity were ended and their
time had come, tor in the hour of our coun-
try's need they were able to strike the redeem-
ing blow of their own freedom, and mingled
their blood with that of patriots of every land
who fought and fell together in the ranks of
the Union Army, thus consecrating this North
American continent as a heritage of freedom
for man in all time and of all nations.
Then to make valuable and permanent this
freedom we enacted the "civil rights bill," so
called, as another step toward the reconstruc-
tion of those States. The dogma that these
people "had no rights which white men were
bound to respect'' was thus destroyed and aban-
doned. Then came the constitutional amend-
ments of 18C6. These were to be equally bind-
ing upon all the State#, and so could not be
held to be any form of legislation adapted to
any particular State or section of the country.
; But they were adopted by the requisite major-
i ity of the adhering States, and indeed by the
! required majority of all the States which had
I valid Legislatures, and were in accredited rela-
tions with the General Government. But,
whether a part of the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States or not at this time, those several
articles or sections have been so far adopted
that the questions involved may well be con-
sidered as settled. This proposition—•
1. A recognition of the status of an Ameri-
can citizen. It is to be born or naturalized
in America, and that there shall be no ine-
quality of rights among citizens of the United
States.
2. This amendment committed the country
,-«to the inviolability of the loyal debt, while it
blotted out the rebel hope that we should ever
assume the payment of the rebel debt.
What can be more just and wise than the
' early settlement of these questions? And
j there is not one proposition contained in that
constitutional amendment that any man or
party not desiring extinction can for a moment
resist.
Who now proposes to establish inequalities
among citizens of the United States? None,
unless those engaged in this " new rebellion."
Why does not some one bring in a bill to reen-
act the monstrous iniquities which we have
abated by law ? Why is it that there is no one
left to sigh over the fading records of pro- slavery
legislation and pro-slavery proscription, now
vanishing away in fading memories like dissolv-
ing views? Why, sir, it is because this new
legislation is only a part of the history of this
new era, where the doctrine of human freedom
and the rights of man has made every page his-
toric and glorious 1
Who now doubts that the faith and resources
of this nation are all pledged to uphold and
ultimately to cancel the loyal debt? And why
should we not ? It is the price of our freedom.
It is what we incurred to save the life of this
nation 1 It is the cost of civil liberty upon this
continent as an inheritance for coming genera-
tions and the hope of mankind ! It should be
cherished as we do the memory of the just or
the blood of the martyrs.
But let the rebel debt perish, for it was but
a contribution to treason. Let the confede-
rate bondholder, whether in this country or in
Europe, hold on to his bond 1 I am gratified
to know that for the most part those aristocrats
in England who spent their sympathy for the
rebellion took their pay in confederate bonds!
Sir, let them hold on to the bonds. Let the
father invoice them to his son, that the boy may
see what his father contributed to destroy the
freest Government on the earth and to blot out
a united and free Kepublic upon the western
continent. No, sir, they never should be paid.
Let them hold on to their bonds, according to
the old adage, " while lire burns or waters
run while the skies vault themselves or the
blue arch spans the heavens; while God is
worshiped in temples or heard in the thunder !
Let thena hold on to their bonds as their heri-
tage of treason or for their sympathy with rebel-
lion. They are the '' fruit of their own doings.''
Let them hold on to them.
These constitutional amendments and the
legislation which followed have settled the
status of those State governments, and left us
free to adopt such legislation as their necessi-
ties might require and as the enlightened judg-
ment of mankind would justify. And the
reconstruction acts of the last Congress were
such as made plain and easy the work of reor-
ganization, if the men of the South were truly
disposed to "accept the situation" and ac-
knowledge the equality of all men in their
legitimate rights. But that invitation to return
to their relationsto theFederalUnionfellupon,
to some extent, unwilling ears, and was resisted
by rebel hearts, who are now encouraged by
the new rebellion. " I regret nothing but the
dead and the lost cause" was uttered by many
and felt by thousands beside Robert Toombs;
and the encouragement they have received
from the Executive and the party allied to him
in the North has retarded somewhat the work
and may make further legislation necessary. If
this party had withheld its encouragement, and
the South had in good faith accepted the former
legislation and hastened their restoration, that
legislation should have been as a covenant be-
tween us and them. I would have asked for
nothing more, while I should have insisted
upon nothing less. But it met their strong
opposition, and then it was that we found that
the only true basis of restoration wag the loy-
alty of the people ; and it was determined that
the class most loyal should not be left out.
Theu it was, too, that we put the ballot into
the hands of every man, being a citizen of the
United States, who had not forfeited this right
by rebellion and treason.
Why should not every loyal man have the
ballot? Who has made one innocent man bet-
ter than another? And who has acquired the
right to limit such a man in his rights? When
we took them into the Union Army we only
required of them a capacity-for the work in
hand. What more do we want now? If they
are ignorant whose fault is it ? Let them now
be enlightened. If they are uneducated then
unlock the storehouses of knowledge and let
in light, free and pure as the waters of life.
Should they not be immediately educated?
The very instinct which guided them to the north
star, by day and by night, during the years of
their captivity, which led them to the Union
side during all our contest with their old mas-
ters, which enables then! to perceive the right
with most unerring certainty, will also guide the
hand with the ballot, and the hopes of their
most sanguine friends shall be fully realized.
The ballot educates, protects, and elevates. Let
the slander started by the President in one of
his numerous veto messages, that we "pro-
posed to Africanize the South," perish, for it
is not worth an answer or a denial. What
has Africa to do with American-born citizens,
whose ancestors have been here for two hun-
dred years? Talk about "inferior races,"
when we are considering only the rights of this
great American race; and of men who know
no other country or other clime! Talk about
a war of races upon thia continent 1 Who
wants to get up a war of races here? Cer-
tainly not those who have just achieved their
rights. If they refrained from making war
when deprived of all rights, what motive have
they to commence one when their rights, civil
and political, are secured? Aye, sir, if there
is a war of races, it will be produced by those
■who would deprive them of their rights and
restore them again to the ignorance and deg-
