1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
823
which belong to the political party in the ma-
jority in the Senate. By the transactions in
reference to Colorado you *see the attempt
which was sanctioned by a majority for the
admission of two more.
Now, sir, need I go over the facts in regard
to these cases? I will just read some figures
in relation to them and pass on.
Nebraska, at the last election held, which
was in 1806, for Governor, had a total vote of
8,041 ; and for a member of Congress a vote
of 8,802, being 861 more than the vote for
Governor. Colorado had in I860 a total vote
of 6,996 on Delegate to Congress, and for the
Legislature in 1867, the very latest vote, 9,349.
In Nevada the whole vote for Governorin 1866
was 9,273. At the latest accounts which we
have, in neither one of those three proposed
States, bills for which were rushed through
away back in 1864, are there ten thousand elect-
ors, who would represent only a population of
50,000, or less than half the number of inhab-
itants required, under the existing apportion-
ment law, for a member of Congress.
These are the undisputed facts in regard to
these three cases. Now, sir, let me call atten-
tion to some other facts shown by authentic
figures relative to other Territories. No en-
abling acts have been passed for any other of
the western Territories, either in 1864 or sub-
sequently. In New Mexico, at the last elec-
tion, in 1867, there was a vote of 17,685 for a
Delegate to Congress; in Montana, for Del-
egate to Congress, in 1867, there were 10,900
votes ; in Utah, for Delegate to Congress at
the election on the 4th of February, 1867,
16,281 votes; and in Idaho about the same
vote for Delegate, or nearly the same vote as
that given in Colorado in 1866. You see here
that there are several Territories having a
much larger population than these three, the
attempt to introduce which I have described.
Utah has a population more than double that
of either one of them ; New Mexico has a pop-
ulation also double that of either of them.
If you will look at the election returns from
all these Territories you will find the fact to be
that in the three which it was attempted to in-
troduce into Congress, and with reference to
two of which the attempt has succeeded, they
had Republican majorities when the attempt
was made and have yet, while in the others the
fact was not so. At the last election ia Idaho
the Democratic vote was 3,641, the Republican
2,923, for Delegate to Congress; in Utah there
was no division politically; in Montana for
Delegate to Congress the Democratic vote was
6,004, the Republican 4,896 ; in New Mexico
for Delegate to Congress in 1867 the Dem-
ocratic vote was 8,891, and the Republican
8,794. There was no object for the introduc-
tion of these Territories, two of which had
when this business began in 1864 each more
than double the population of either one of
the then proposed uew States.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Did either of them ask
for admission ?
Mr. BUCKALEW. Not that I know of. The
question has been put sometimes, did the Ter-
ritories for which enabling acts were not intro-
duced ask for admission? We know a great
many things are asked for when they are in-
vited, while upon other occasions they are not
asked because there is no invitation and no
inducement to ask. The facts standing clearly
, on the record are that you had State organiza-
tions proposed for three Territories, in neither
one of which was there a population equal to
half the ratio for a member of Congress, and
you had no such bills with reference to other
Territories where the population was much
greater, and the political complexion of the dif-
ferent Territories explains fully the reason for
this difference. At all events, the fact remains
that by the legislation of Congress, by the
introduction of two new States from the West,
you have added in cases destitute of all merit,
if numbers be at all regarded and the magni-
tude of interests be regarded, four new mem-
bers to the Senate, in order to swell the mass of
majority power.
Mr. STEWART. Will the Senator allow me
to correct him ? I suppose he wants to be en-
tirely accurate.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I will say at this point
that if any gentleman wants to correct me on
a question of fact I will give way with great
pleasure.
Mr. STEWART. I simply want to say that
the Senator is mistaken about the numbers
in Nevada at the time of the passage of the law.
At the election of that year the vote was seven-
teen thousand and the population may be rea-
sonably estimated at something over seventy-
five thousand. I do not think the population
has increased since that time ; but the vote of
last year was very small. The population is
now increasing. The vote of last year is not
a very fair estimate of the strength of the par-
ties. for it did not call out their full vote. The
voters in our State have to go a very long dis-
tance to the polls, and it takes perhaps the
excitement of a presidential contest to bring
out a very full vote.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I am perfectly aware
that in the mining sections population shifts very
much. It is migratory in its character ; and I
may add, as suggested by a member, that it is
composed mainly of males, of voting popula-
tion ; because settlements have not become
permanent, and that is one objection to the
formation of these States, that the numbers
you find there in any one year are no certain
criterion of what the population will be half a
dozen or ten or fifteen years hence. They may
have departed entirely and shifted to some
other quarter.
Another mode by which party power in the
Senate has been maintained has been, of
course, by the exclusion of the States of the
South from all representation, a point which
I simply mention without enlarging upon, as
it is the very foundation of our whole debate,
a thing which requires no explanation.
Again, the majority power in this Chamber
was increased by a decision upon a case of
membership from New Jersey—the case of Mr.
Stockton. That case was debated at great
length in the Senate, and decided by a very
close vote. Of course I am not going over the
merits of that question; I merely allude to it
in passing. There was virtually an expulsion
of a member (as I think) under the form of a
decision upon the regularity of his election. A
person claiming membership in this body, in
whose favor there was a report from the Judi-
ciary Committee, with but one dissenting voice,
was rejected—virtually expelled, as I think—
by a political vote; and thus one member, as
the event turned out. was taken from one party
of this Chamber and added to the other.
The great cause, however, of incorrect rep-
resentation in the Government at this time
arises from the majority rule in elections. The
members of State Legislatures are elected by
that rule, which has obtained throughout the
country from the foundation of the Govern-
ment; and those members, when they come to
choose Senators, always act upon the same
rule, by which it happens that a political ma-
jority obtains more than its due share of repre-
sentation in the Government. The same cause
of inequality operates' in choosing Represent-
atives to the other House. That is a defect
that extends throughout our political system.
It affects the action of Government here as
well as in the States. Of course this is a defect
of our system for which no party is specially
chargeable.
Now, Mr. President, without dwelling upon
these points I come to the material inquiry as
put before us in this debate. It is now pro-
posed by a party of the country, which holds
about four times the amount of relative power
which it should in both Houses of Congress, to
organize State governments in the South and
to obtain from them Senators for introduction
here and members for introduction in the other
House; it is proposed by a political party to
so mold and shape the political institutions in
one third of the United States that their pres-
ent power shall be increased in both Houses, or
at all events, if disaster should befall them in
other sections, that their power in both these
Houses shall be retained in future. Sir, when
you put aside all the questions which are in-
truded upon our attention and ffiscussed at
length as connected with reconstruction, here
is the vital point; and if this were not involved
our debates would be much briefer than they
are; fewer members would speak; less interest
would be manifested, and a decision, and doubt-
less a proper one, would be speedily reached.
This is a struggle for political power. It is an
attempt by which a party already possessing
unjust power shall hold on to it, by which it
shall secure itself against the accidents of the
future, and maintain that supremacy and that
domination in the Government of the United
States which it has held since the elections of
I860.
Mr. President, I am against this odious and
injurious scheme. I am against this plan by
which party power shall be maintained in this
Government regardless of fundamental princi-
ples which are sacred and necessary to our
prosperity and safety. If there was to be a dis-
turbance of party power for a single election or
two, capable of being corrected in the future,
it would be quite a different matter; but here
is a permanent arrangement to be substantially
unchangeable in the future to give direction to
the Government of the United States in all
future time; to be beyond the reach of any
ordinary political corrective ; to be so placed
and fixed in our political system that the peo-
ple by voting against it hereafter cannot undo
what has been accomplished.
** Gentlemen say, with a tone of triumph,
" this is all arranged ; here is a law; proceed-
1 ings are taking place under that law; men will
: be elected to this Senate and will be elected to
the House, and will be received in each; con-
stitutions will be formed and accepted; and
the whole business of reconstruction will be
completed within the period of twelve months
and then the question is sneeringly asked,
"What are you going to do about it? How
are you going to help yourselves ?'' Mr. Pres-
ident, I had supposed (at least until recently)
that this was a Government of the people. 1
had during my entire life, down to a very re-
cent time at least, rested under the positive
conviction that the people of this country could
do whatsoever they pleased with their political
institutions, whether fundamental or casual,
! whether the question related to territorial or
provisional forms of government, or to some-
thing permanent and settled by constitutional
provision; and yet we are told that reconstruc-
tion is to be placed, or is about being placed,
beyond our reach, so that we cannot affect it or
disturb it in any way whatever.
Let the fact be considered and pondered upon
that this question of degraded suffrage in the
South has never been submitted to a popular
vote anywhere in the United States. Sir, take
that fact home to your reflections. Let every
gentleman consider it. An arrangement of
suffrage which is fundamental, which affects
the constitution of the political body itself, it
is said, is ta take place in the United States
without the people having passed directly upon
the question in any way whatever. In no sin-
gle State of the South which is to be affected
by this new rule of suffrage has there been a
popular vote upon it; nor has the question
been submitted to any State even of those which
are represented in Congress. In some of the
States north the question of a rule of suffrage
simil ar to this has been submitted and uniformly
voted down; but upon this great question, which
affects the whole country and affects our future
institutions in all coming time, there has not
been a vote of the people of any portion of the
United States invoked or permitted by Congress.
Why, sir, can anything be clearer than that the
rule of suffrage in a State as regulated by its
constitution is changeable only by the same
authority which made the constitution ; that
you must submit that question, if you submit
no other question, to the people themselves ;
that they alone have the sovereign power by
