1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
825
franchising a portion of the whites. The Sen- j
utor from loiliana informs us that the amount
of that disfranchisement is fifty thousand. ;
Now, sir, this question has a history, and I
propose to give it. When the reconstruction
bill of -March 2, 1SG7, was under consideration
in the Senate upon the House amendments to
the Senate amendments, we considered the
question of the number of persons who would
be disfranchised if the bill passed in the pro-
posed form. The Senator from Ohio, [Mr.
Shki;max,] who had charge of the bill, informed
us of the number that would probably be dis-
franchised by the House amendment. I will
read what he said :
" The only material objection I would Intro would
be to that clause which disfranchises ten or fifteen
thousand leading rebels from voting at tile elections;
but, for one. I am perfectly willing to agree to the
amendment.
" Mr. Grimes. Only at one election.
"Mr. Sherman. It does not prevent tbom from
voting on the ratification of the constitution. Ishall
therefore vote for the amendment."
Subsequently in the debate he said:
"It excludes about from six to ten thousand, and
when T Only at the first election of delegates for the
convention. After that they can vote."
And, again, in alluding to the Senator from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Simxer,] he spoke of
him as—
" Willing to stand with me upon a platform which
will exclude about six thousand out of a million."
Upon this explanation of his, with regard to
numbers, the Senate concurred in the disfran-
chising clause of the House amendment.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator reads what
I said on the passage of the bill of the 2d of
March. I desire now to state to him, what
probably he is aware of, that when the recon-
struction act was first presented by me as an
amendment to a military bill it disfranchised
no man. I have always regretted, from the
day of the passage of the House amendment to
this hour, that any man was disfranchised
from ?oting in the southern States. My own
conviction was then that when we extended
suffrage to all the negroes of the southern
States we ought to have extended suffrage to
all the white people of the southern States.
That was the opinion of the Senate, and every
Republican in the Senate voted for a proposi-
tion that would have enfranchised every man
in the southern States, white and black. The
proposition voted for by every Republican
Senator made no discrimination on account of
color ; but declared that every male citizen of
the United States, above the proper age, should
be entitled to vote, and that proposition re-
ceived the unanimous vote of tne Republican
Senators. It was the Democratic members of
the House of Representatives who, by joining
with a minority of the Republicans of the House
•of Representatives, and voting down this lib-
eral proposition, and resorting to political tac-
tics to prevent a vote upon it, finally got the
Housein such a position that, in order to relieve
themselves from that position, they adopted
the amendment of the House. It was against
the.votesof a majority of the Republican mem-
bers of the House. It was done by a combi-
nation between a minority of the Republican
members and the Democrats,• who, resorting to
parliamentary tactics, prevented a vote on the
Senate amendment, and that finally led to the
various amendments which are now com-
plained of.
When those amendments came back to the
Senate the question arose whether we should
entirely defeat reconstruction at that stage of
the session or whether we should agree to the
amendments proposed by the House. It is
true thatTetated that the number disfranchised
by the amendment of the House was only six
or seven thousand. I think I understated the
number, as the facts now show. But the act
of the 2d of March was mueh more liberal to
the southern States than the subsequent ones
proposed by Congress. The act of the first
session of the Fortieth Congress was much
more stringent in its terms, and extended
somewhat the reconstruction act of March 2;
bat I suppose that under the operations of the
act of the 2d of March, as it stood, the num-
ber disfratffchised would not have exceeded over
twenty thousand. Some other provisions were
inserted in the explanatory act of March 23
which were undoubtedly more onerous to the
white voters of the southern States. That act
excluded more, and required various provisions
that were not contained in the original act.
For instance, it was the act of March 23 that
required a majority of the registered voters to
vote in order to carry either the convention or
constitution that should be framed by it.
Mr. EDMUNDS.' That was not more oner-
ous to the whites, but less so.
Mr. SHERMAN. No ; that was not rttore
onerous ; but it was more onerous in some of
its provisions. But now, when Senators are
treating this proposition in a party sense, in a
political sense, and when they are stating, as
my honorable friend from Pennsylvania does
state, the history of this transaction by quoting
what was said at the time, they ought also to
state that by the proposition made by the Re-
ptffilican Senators no man was disfranchised in
the southern States, and that the broad and lib-
eral proposition was made to them that all per-
sons, white and black, affected by the law should
have the right to vote for members of the con-
vention and participate in organizing and form-
ing their own governments, and that all the
measures that have transpired afterward were
on account of a political combination between
the Democrats of the House of Representa-
tives and a portion of the Republicans, which
finally led to the exclusion of a portion of the
white people from voting.
Now, in regard to another point made by the
Senator, if I do not interrupt him, for I do not
wish to mingle again in this debate 
j Mr. BUCK ALB W. Go on, sir.
! Mr. SHERMAN. There is no doubt what-
ever that the white people of the southern
States, under the reconstruction act, have the
majority in all but two of those States. I have
not examined the figures, but we know it from
the census; we know that the political power
of the country will rest, under these very laws,
in the white people of the southern States. But
they choose to forego political power conferred
upon them, because they say they will not share
it with "niggers." That is about the feeling
in the southern States. If they refuse to vote
it is not the fault of Congress. We cannot
register them nor compel the people in the
southern States to be registered unless they
wish to do so ; and if the whole white popula-
tion remain away from the ballot-box or away
from the registering officers, ought they to com-
plain? I think there can be no doubt that at
any time the white people authorized to vote
under the reconstruction acts can step forward
in every One of the southern States and assume
the control of political power in those States.
Even in South Carolina, with the superior
intelligence of the white voting population,
with their education, with their aptitude and
capacity for politics, they could at any time
step"forward and control the majority in that
State. But simply because they will not share
political rights with the blacks, therefore they
complain. They refuse to be registered; they
refuse to exercise the power given to them by
the law; and then come here and complain
that they are disfranchised. It is their own
voluntary act and will. When these govern-
ments are restored and reconstructed, as they
will be, and I hope and trust will be soon,
under these various reconstruction acts, then
the white people will be very anxious to come
forward and exercise the political power con-
ferred upon them by the law; but until then
they have no right to complain.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I am very happy to yield
to the Senator for explanation, but i intend to
hold the debate strictly to the line upon which
I was conducting it. This question of numbers
is a distinct and clear point, and not capable
of being covered up by words nor pushed out
of sight, if one does his duty to the logic of the
argument. I will pause, however, for a mo-
ment to aay that the point which the Senator
from Ohio mentions was sufficiently debated at
the time it arose, to wit: the question of who
was responsible for what was done by the
House of Representatives by way of amending
the reconstruction bill. It will be in vain for
the Senator from Ohio or any other gentleman
to impose upon the minority the responsibility
for anything which is contained in the act of
the 2d or 23d of March, or that of the 19th of
July. They were against all action from the
beginning to the end in both Houses of Con-
gress and so voted. Whatever difficulties there
may have been within the ranks of the major-
ity in shaping their action is quite another
question. It is impossible to impose any re-
sponsibility for them upon the minority. They
were opposed to the bill in the form in which
the Senate amended it in the first instance.*
They were opposed to it in the form in which
the House amended it afterward.
I gave the proper answer to this complaint
when it was made before in the Senate, when
the Senator from Ohio, on behalf of those who
thought with him, complained that the minority
in the House had not voted in a particular way,
by reason of which the obnoxious amendment
came to us from the 'House. My answer was
plain, and it met the whole point. I said, "Let
us reject the amendment then. All you have
to do is to vote with the minority here and
reject the amendment. You say that three
fourths of the House are opposed to it in the
form in which it passed. All you have to do,
then, is to reject the amendment and send it
back to the House, and let that overwhelming
majority of two thirds or three fourths be felt
on the single vote of receding." But, sir, that
course was not adopted by the majority here.
The idea was to pass the bill as it was amended
by the House, with disfranchisement in it, and
then to hold the minority responsible in some
way before the country. Hence, the Senate
I voted to concur in the amendment. TheSen-
! ator from Indiana [Mr. Hendricks] and my-
self were here at that time. The minority
' were not so numerous that we do not remem-
ber who were here, nor what was said by us.
' Sir, the answer was conclusive, and it is upon
; record in the pages of the Congressional Globe,
j Now, the Senator from Ohio says truly that
' he expressed himself as opposed to disfran-
| chisement at the time that bill was passed. He
|j yielded to the voice of the House, as be and
others have often done before and since. The
House, unlike the Senate, has a master or had
a master in those days, and his rule was one of
iron. When his will was not gratified within
his own party tanks, it is very true he invited
aid from the other side by some proposition
which would catch their votes, which men vot-
ing sincerely must vote for. Perhaps he man-
aged at that time to get the measure into a par-
ticular form and send it back to the Senate in
that form. What was the business of the
majority in this Senate? To defeat him by
voting against his proposition. That was. all
we asked theta to do. Th'ey would not do it.
By their votes they put it in the law; aftd it is
sought now to shift the responsibility from their
own shoulders and throw it npon us. No, sir;
disfranchisement as found in the reconstruc-
tion laws was voted in by the political majority
in the House, was concurred in by the political
majority in the Senate, went upon the statute-
book, and went to the country with the full
responsibility of that majority for it; and I am
sorry that any of them are willing or desirous
to throw it off and cast it upon the few voice3
here who said "no" to that iniquity. _
But I come back to the point on which I was
speaking, the question of numbers. The Sena-
tor from Ohio said that six or ten thousand
persofts would be disfranchised, and at another
time he said fifteen thousand. Upon that
explanation we took Mr. Stevens's pill, or
the majority took it. I have never yet received
political medicine or sustenance from that
quarter. They took his disfranchisement, put
it into the law, and we were told it would dis-
franchise only six or ten thousand leading
rebels whose handB were dripping with blood,
