826
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 29,
traitors, horrible men, just s few should stand
aside, and then all the great mass of the people,
black and white, would be upon that platform
of equality and of justice of which the Senator
from Indiana spoke the other day—upon which
this reconstruction column was to rise as from
a rock, and stand so firm and immovable
that " the gates of hell should not prevail
against it."
Sir, I agreed with him when he uttered that
sentiment. I do not think that the gates of
hell will prevail against the reconstruction
column. It is an impression upon my mind
that if the infernal powers concern themselves
at all in the proceedings of this Government,
instead of endeavoring to prostrate that col-
umn, they would yield it all the support within
• their power. Instead of prevailing against it,
they would desire to see it maintained and
upheld. The instrumentality by which I sup-
pose that black column is to be laid prostrate
is the votes of the freemen of the United
States, not the infernal powers, with whom we
have no concern, and who, we suppose, are
'•sympathizers," if they sympathize at all,
with our opponents. [Laughter.]
Well, sir, the Senator from Ohio told us that
from six to ten thousand persons were disfran-
chised. Now, the Senator from Indiana gives
us an improved statement of numbers. He
admits fifty thousand—a pretty good rise in the
number. It has gone up five times since the
bill was passed upon the former statement. I
insisted in that debate—I think I can quote my
language—that '"instead of there being but six
thousand excluded from the right of holding
office under the United States, or under the
particular States, by the language of the con-
stitutional amendment," (which was incorpor-
ated in the bill we were then passing,) " the
number was more likely sixty thousand, or
probably still more." That was supposed to
be a very extravagant estimate. I do not
know but that I incurred the disadvantage of
being thought very extravagant in expressing
that opinion. Now, what is the actual num-
ber? Three hundred thousand at least. Upon
these registrations, by a careful estimate, the
number cannot be put one below that. Three
hundred thousand white voters in the southern
country are excluded, and that under a law
(because I do not admit that the act of the 23d
of March changed the act of the 2d of March
in any material respect as to the number dis-
franchised) which we were told would disfran-
chise only from six to ten thousand.
Mr. STEWART. How do you prove that?
Mr. BL'CKALE W. It can beproved in sev-
eral ways. It can be proved by taking the cen-
sus and taking a percentage from the totals of
population. It can be proved by taking the
former election returns in those States, and in
various ways.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The Senator will allow me
to ask him if he means taking all those who did
not register as being disfranchised?
Mr. BUCKALEW. Certainly, of course. I
say the whole number disfranchised, at all events
the whole number who do not appear upon
these registrations in those States, is fully three
hundred thousand. Now, how was this result
produced ? In the last resort, when everything
else fails them, the whole responsibility is
sought to be put upon those whose names are
not placed upon the registration by their own
default. We are told they would not register.
What a stubborn race of people indeed!
A benignant act of Congress holding out
magnificent privileges submitted to them and
they refused the terms! The spirit of rebel-
lion rampant in their breasts, they spurn the
benignity of Congress! This is the last resort
of argument. We have got past all the others.
Now let us examine that for a moment. In
the reconstruction act, as I stated before, all
those persons are excluded from voting at the
first election and from holding office who are
disfranchised by the proposed fourteenth consti-
tutional amendment. The language of the law
of the 2d of March is as follows:
"That no person excluded from the privilege of
holding office by said proposed amendment to the
Constitution of the United States shall be eligible to
election as a member of the convention to frame a
constitution for any of said rebel States nor shall any
such person vote for members of such convention."
The third section of the constitutional amend-
ment referred to reads as follows:
"No person shall bo a Senator or Representative
in Congress, or elector of tho President and Vice
President, or hold any oflioe, civil or military, under
tho United States, or under any State, who. having
previously taken an oath as a member of Congress,
or as an officer of the United States, or as a member
of any State Legislature, or as an executive or judi-
cial officer of any State, to support the Constitution
of tho United States, shall have engaged in insurrec-
tion or rebellion affninst the same, or given aid or
comfort to the enemies thereof."
Now, sir, the question is as to the number
of persons who were excluded by that clause
of the proposed constitutional amendment
which was incorporated in the law of the 2d
of March. In the act of the 23d of Martih, as
I understand it, no change was made in this
rule of exclusion. That provided a residence
of one year in the State, and then it went on
and prescribed an oath to be taken by every
person who was registered. That oath recites,
in substance, the constitutional amendment
provision, and the act of the 23d of March
leaves the subject there. So I understand that
your rule of exclusion is to be sought in that
proposed airfendment to the Constitution as
, far as these laws are concerned.
| Upon the 19th of July we passed the explan-
| atory act to which reference has been made,
i in which it was alleged there was no departure
| from the former laws. It was said that the
language then incorporated in the statute was
simply declaratory of what was the law before.
It goes on to define who, having held office,
should be disqualified from voting and holding
office because of connection with the rebellion,
and then it proceeds :
"And the words 'executive or judicial office in any
State' in said oath mentioned shall be construed to
include all civil offices created by law for the admin-
istration of any general law of a State or for the
administration of justice."
Now, sir, how many persons were excluded?
In the State of Texas the boards of registra-
tion proceeded upon a circular which was sent
to them, which read as follows :
"Memoranda of disqualifications for guidance for
the boards of registration under the military bill
passed March 2,1867, and the act of Congress supple-
, mentary thereto, passed March 23, 1867:
" 1. Every person who has acted as Senator or Rcp-
! resentative in Congress.
; "2. All who have acted as electors of President
and Vice President.
i "3. Every person who held any position in the
Army or Navy of the United States.
!' "4. All persons who held any position under the
United States in which they were required to take
an oath before they entered upon the duties of the
office, such as officers in the custom-house, clerks,
and post office, judges and all officers of the United
t States courts, clerks, marshals and their deputies,
; commissioners, and others.
1 "5. All who navelield any office in any State, under
; the constitution and laws of such State in force prior
! to February 1, 1861—such as Governor, State sena-
j tor, or representative, secretary of State, treasurer,
comptroller, auditor, commissioner of land office,
!, surveyors and deputy surveyors of districts, county
i surveyors, judges of courts, county commissioners,
treasurers, justices of peace, clerks of courts and
! deputies, sheriffs and deputies, constables and depu-
ties, tax-collectors, assessors, coroners, police, jurors,
I auctioneers, pilots, harbor-masters, recorders of con-
I veyances and mortgages, county recorders, notaries
public, and all commissioned officers in the State
1 militia; any person who has acted as a mayor of a
, town or city, treasurer, comptroller, recorder, alder-
i man, assistant alderman, assessor, tax collector,
administrator of the charity hospital, and member
of the board of health, commissioner of elections and
his clerks, chief of police, lieutenant of police and
town or city marshal, and allwhohave served on the
force; wardens and under-wardens of county prisons
' and work-houses; board of school directors, eitysur-
!! veyors and deputies, street commissioners and depu-
j! ties, city attorney and assistant attorneys, superin-
; i tendent of public schools, inspectors of tobacco, flour,
beef, pork, and weighers and measurers, managers
and superintendents or directors of the asylum for
deaf and dumb, blind and lunatic, and sextons of
cemeteries.
"6. All who, in 1862 and 1864, registered themselves
as aliens, or obtained protection papers from the rep-
resentatives of foreign Powers.
"Any person who. at any time, held any of the
above offices, and who afterward engaged in the
rebellion against the United States."
Mr. EDMUNDS. What is the date of that?
Mr. BUCKALEW. It is not dated. Now,
the act of July 19 gives a construction to the
previous disfranchisement, which I suppose
was just, thatit included all officers in the State
concerned in the administration of the general
laws of the State. Of course it would include
all magistrates; it would include all constables
and other peace officers. It would include all
officers in the militia also, for they were, as I
suppose, sworn to support the Constitution of
the United States. Now, I aver that in the
single item of constables there would be an
exclusion equivalentto the whole number men-
tioned by the Senator from Indiana; that there
could have been no less in the whole southern
country than fifty thousand white persons dis-
qualified from holding office because at some
period of their lives they had held such office
in their respective communities.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Will the Senator permit
me to ask him if constables, by the laws of
Pennsylvania, in his State, are obliged to take
an oath to support the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States?
Mr. BUCKALEW. Certainly.
Mr. EDMUNDS. They are certainly not
in my State.
Mr. PESSENDEN. Nor in mine.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Nor in any other State
that I know of.
Mr. B UCKALEW. They are sworn in open
court to support the Constitution of the United
States and the constitution of the State.
Mr. EDMUNDS. They are mere munici-
pal officers with us.
Mr. BUCKALEW. Your constitutional
amendment takes hold of all persons holding
office under the State who were sworn to sup-
port the Constitution of the United States, and
a constable is an executive officer of the State,
coming under the constitutional provision
which requires that oath. Such is the law.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The Senator from
Pennsylvania will allow me to suggest that the
law of last spring excludes all persons who
held any civil office, whether they took an oath
or not.
Mr. CONKLING. If the Senator will allow
me to state the reason of that, I will remind
him that in Virginia, for example, by statute
they had dispensed with the taking of oaths to
support the Constitution of the United States,
for the purpose of giving their office-holders
immunity in that respect; and finding that in
Virginia the obligation to support the Consti-
tution of the United States and to take an oath
to do so had been evaded in this way, the lan-
guage of our law was changed so as to apply
not only to men who had in fact taken the oath
but to men who had assumed official obliga-
tions, and then in defiance of those obligations
had gone into the rebellion afterward.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I did not rise for the
purpose of considering the reason that con-
trolled the majority for the extension of the
disfranchisement. I spoke of the extent of it.
Mr. CONKLING. But my honorable friend
will allow me to say that it does not extend it.
On the contrary, the original act was designed
to apply to all persons who had held the speci-
fied offices, and the assumption was that in
all of the States alike they had taken the cus-
tomary oath; but it was found that a part of
the persons thus substantially described were
not technically described for the reason that
in certain States the taking of the oath had
been dispensed with. Therefore, without ex-
tending the disfranchisement, we simply made
it apply in the very letter to the same persons
to whom the spirit of the act already applied.
Mr. HENDRICKS. In other words, the
law was made to go finally as far as" the Sen-
ator from New York intended it should havo
gone in the first place. In the first place it
only excluded from the right of voting those
who had held an office at any time during their
lives and in taking that office took an oath to
support the Constitution of the United States.
Afterward the law was so amended as to
include in the disfranchisement those who
held office but took no oath to support the
Constitution of the United States, and made
