1868.
THE CONGKESSIONAL GLOBE.
827
the mere fact of having held office an exclu-
sion from the right of voting.
Mr. CONK LING. It did not extend it
beyond the original act.
Mr. BUCKALEW. Mr. President, I stand
upon sure ground. Nothing that can be said
by gentlemen will shake my convictions that
1 am correct upon this point. The constitu-
tional provision is the sixth article, as follows:
" The Senators and Representatives beforo men-
tioned, and the members of the several State Legis-
latures. and all executive and judicial officers, both
of the United States and of the several States, shall
be bound by oath or affirmation to support this Con-
stitution."
I he first law ever enacted by the Congress
of the United States, on the 1st of June, 1789,
provided in the third section, following the
language of the Constitution and making it a
statute, as follows:
"That the members of the several State Legisla-
tures, at the next sessions of the said Legislatures
respectively, and all executive and judicial officers of
the several States who have been heretofore chosen
or appointed, or who shall be chosen or appointed
before the 1st day of August next, and who shall then
be in office, shall within one month thereafter take
the samo oath or affirmation, except where they shall
have taken it before, which may be administered by
any person authorized by the law of the State, iu
which such office shall be holden, to administer
oaths," kc.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If my friend will not con-
sider it an interruption I should like to make
a suggestion to him.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Senator from Pennsylvania give way?
Mr. BUCKALEW. I do if the Senator wants
to make a correction.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Yes, sir; I wish to call
his attention to the fact that under those same
laws, under this constitutional amendment and
the acts of March, 1867, the Attorney General
issued an opinion—or a circular was issued on
his advice—classifying the persons in the va-
rious States who were excluded and those who
were not; and in that classification of those
who were not he included not only constables
and the mere municipal officers of townships,
but a considerable number of other persons;
and thereupon the act of July 19 defined what
an executive and judicial officer of a State
was; that is, an officer appointed by the State,
and not by a township or a school district, as
being the executive or judicial officer of a
State.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I recollect very well
that the Attorney General gave an opinion
with reference to the construction of this law—
in my judgment not impairing it—and I recol-
lect also that Congress met together for the
purpose of overruling him, and that it was
specially with reference to that object that the
act of the 19th of July was enacted, and that
into that law was put the very clause which I
have read, that the former statute should
include each and every one of the executive
and judicial officers of the State concerned in
the execution of the laws of the State. And
further than that, it provided that " no dis-
trict commander or officer of registration or
officer acting under them should be bound in
his action by any opinion of any civil officer
of the United States."
To return: no person can sit down and care-
fully examine th^ particular classes of officers
enumerated in the circular used by the boards
of registration in Texas and not see that it
would exclude a very considerable portion of
the population from the right of registration.
As I said before, the number of peace officers
alone excluded under the registrations in the
South would amount to more than the fifty
thousand stated by the Senator from Indiana.
Besides, great numbers of other officers are
excluded who have held office under the laws
of their States.
If this disfranchisement had been confined
to persons who were in office at the time of the
rebellion and who were concerned in taking
their States out of the Union, or attempting to
do so, it would not have been so unreasonable;
but it went back, and it applied to every per-
son who had held any of the offices in question
at any period of time in their past lives. So
that if you take a particular township or pre-
cinct in a State you would probably find half
a dozen, in some cases eight or ten persons,
who had held the office of constable ; three or
four persons who had held the office of magis-
trate ; a number of persons who. had held
other positions or other offices under the law
of the State who are excluded; men of sixty
and seventy years of age who may have held
an office forty or fifty years ago; and other
persons falling within the description of the
law following the constitutional amendment,
who have ever been sworn to support the Con-
stitution of the United States, would be ex-
cluded.
Mr. STEWART. The Senator does not
mean to state it in that form; but who had
held an office and subsequently went into the
rebellion.
Mr. BUCKALEW. Certainly.
Mr. STEWART. That language would not
apply to any persons under twenty-nine years
of age.
Mr. BUQKALEW. I do not know what
twenty-nine years of age has to do with it.
Mr. STEWART. The rebellion commenced
in 1860. The man who held office then must
have been twenty-one years old. That is eight
years ago. He must now be twenty-nine; so
that it would not cut off anybody under twenty-
nine years of age. It only applies to those who
are now over twenty-nine years of age, aud who
held office in former years and participated in
the rebellion subsequently to the holding of
office.
Mr. BUCKALEW. Mr. President, I have
been so anxious to confine myself to a few points
that I have, strangely enough, taken more time
than I should have done if I had taken more
freedom as to the topics.
The Senator from Indiana [Mr. Morton]
spoke at length upon the subject of theguarantee
clause of the Constitution, insisting that our
power to enact the reconstruction laws was
founded upon that provision. As I said before,
the Senator from Maryland made a reply upon
that branch of the debate, which, so far as he
covered it, was, in my judgment, most complete
and satisfactory. But one consideration will
be alluded to by me. I understand theguarantee
clause of the Constitution to be an engagement
to the States as political communities ; an en-
gagement in their favor and not against them;
iu short, an engagement for their protection,
and that against three species of danger.
I will read the clause. It is the fourth sec-
tion of the fourth article :
" The United States shall guaranty to every State
in this Union a republican form of government, and
shall protect each of them against invasion, and on
the application of the Legislature, or of the Exec-
utive, when the Legislature cannot be convened,
against domestic violence."
The three dangers, then, against which that
guarantee was given to the several States as
political communities were these:
First, invasion of their territory from abroad;
Second, domestic insurrection within their
borders against their State governments; and
\ Third, the subversion or change of their gov-
i ernmeats from the republican form.
The " common defense" was one of the prin-
! cipal objects of the union, as proclaimed in the
preamble to the Constitution; therefore, the
United States is to defend each State from
invasion. The power to raise armies, to call
| out the militia, to construct works of defense,
' and to raise revenue by customs and taxes were
given to the Federal Government with direct
: reference to this object, the common defense.
State defense against external enemies is there-
fore confided to the General Government, which
I is thus endowed with full power and with full
! means to execute the duty charged upon it.
I The duty would have existed at all events, but
: it is here put in the form of an express pro-
vision, and it is to be performed whenever the
necessity for protection shall arise.
In the next place, the guarantee is against
domestic insurrection or violence, and this
clearly is for the protection of the State gov-
ernment. The Legislature may call for this
protection; and when it is not in session the
Governor of the State may do so. The protec-
tion is not to be volunteered by the United
States. _ The General Government is not to
enter the State to suppress disturbance or in-
surrection save in cases of an appeal to it by
the Legislature or Governor of the State.
In the third place, the form of government in
a State may be changed, and that from two
sources; and this danger is guarded against
by the clause in question. Such change may
occur by the edict of a conqueror, or with
j! greater probability by the usurpation of power
! by State officials or by individual citizens of
| the State. No foreign hand shall impose upon
them a master. No Caesar or Cromwell among
themselves shall usurp power. The forms
under which alone Jiberty can be secured shall
I; be maintained to them forever. This is the
I engagement which the United States Govern1
ment has made to each State; an engagement
:, which was coeval with its creation, and which
! speaks to it perpetually and always as a most
i solemn and obligatory duty.
! The guarantee of a republican form of gov-
ernment must attach to governments of that
i form set up or kept up by the people of the
States, either those which existed when the Con-
stitution of the United States was ratified, or
the same as properly amended or changed after-
ward ; or lastly, new ones set up in their stead
by the same authority which had established
the former. And by "the people," in any
case must be understood the political commu-
nity of a State; in other words, the qualified
electors of the f^tate, described and defined
from time to time in its constitution. The
guarantee was given to them originally as a con-
sideration for adopting the Constitution of the
United States; and they alone can demand its
fulfillment. It was made for their protection
against fraud or force by which the forms of
their government might be subverted, arbitrary
and unjust rule established over them, and
they subject to the grievous fate of the repub-
lics of former times.
The guarantee of a republican form of gov-
ernment to a State does not impute a power
to create or establish such form by the guar-
antor. The obligation is not to create, but to
preserve. When we consider the subject-mat-
ter of the guarantee all question upon this
point must disappear. Our republican forms
were all popular in their origin, and are such
in their very nature. It is not possible that
they should be dictated to the people who are
to be bound by them ; and they must repose
always upon the free assent of the people.
Therefore, under pretense of this guarantee)
Congress cannot make a State constitution,
nor impose one upon the people anywhere, in
Territory or State. And if Congress cannot
make a constitution for a State nor impose one
upon its people, it can dictate no single provis-
ion to be contained in such constitution. The
greater includes the less. The popular power
to make a constitution is a power to make
the whole of it; and there can be no limita-
tion upon such power so long as the republican
form is maintained and respect be paid to the
grants and limitations of tne Federal Consti-
tution.
Measured by this clear principle the recon-
struction acts must be deemed as outrageous
and void, considering both what they express
and what may be implied from them. They
fix the rule of suffrage for the States South, and
that by imperial power. No popular assent is
asked for the rule nor popular dissent from it
permitted. It is imposed; it is ordered; and
it is to be submitted to, instead of being ac-
cepted. Not one particle of popular assent, as
I have already argued, has been directly or
regularly given to this rule of suffrage either
North, South, or West. It has not been sub-
mitted to a vote in any one of the States im-
mediately concerned, nor in any of the States
represented in Congress. In those northern
States, as I mentioned before, where a similar
rule for local application has been proposed it
has been spurned by the people.
