830
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 29,
ms. The objection was good if the facts fully
bore it out.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I do not wish
to interfere with the honorable Senator, but I
should like to ask him one more question to
illustrate his position.
Mr. CONN ESS. I ask the Senator from
Maine whether he will not give way at this
time to a motion to adjourn?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I will give way
when I ask my question. •
Mr. BUCK.ALEW. I do not want to be
carried over to another day.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The question I
desire to propound is this: whetherthe govern-
ments of these States which the United States
Government is bound to guaranty, in the judg-
ment of the Senator from Pennsylvania, are the
State governments which ante-date the rebel-
lion, which were in existence prior to the rebel-
lion, prior to the passage of any ordinance of
secession ; whether those still remain the gov-
ernments of those States which we are bound
to guaranty, or whether the governments to
which the guarantee clause applies are some
other governments which have since .been in-
terposed and organized by somebody else ?
Mr. BUCKALEW. The guarantee certainly,
as a technical point, cannot apply to State gov-
ernments which existed before the war, if they
are no longer in existence and have been super-
seded by others republican in form. My whole
argument is that the guarantee can only apply
to an existing form. The people of a State
may abandon one State government of repub-
lican form and establish another.
Mr. President, all I proposed to do on this
point on which I was speaking was to add a
suggestion with regard to the adoption of State
constitutions. The Senator from Indiana ar-
gued that as the southern constitutions formed
daring the year 1865 had not been submitted
to a vote of the people—I mean those consti-
tutions which were set up at the invitation of the
President—they did not bind them; that there
was some imperfection in them for that rea-
son. And he argaed that if we accepted those
constitutions as valid, and received Senators
and Representatives elected under the govern^
ments established by them, we should have no
security for anything which was contained in
them; for instance, the repudiation of the
rebel debt. In other words, the Senator seems
to entertain the opinion that it is necessary to
the validity of a State constitution that after it
shall have been formed by a convention it shall
be submitted to a vote of the people. No doc-
trine can be more unfounded than that, tested
by the precedents in our political history.
Why, sir, at this moment the people of the
State of Pennsylvania are living under a con-
stitution which was never submitted to a pop-
ular vote. The constitution of 1790, after it
was formed by the convention, was simply
proclaimed by a procession in the city of Phil-
adelphia, and being thus announced, it was
accepted as the fundamental law of the State,
and we are living under that constitution yet,
although it has been amended. It would be a
solecism to say that a constitution made by a
convention duly authorized was not valid. The
people, in their sovereign capacity,can authorize
their delegates to form a constitution for them,
which will be valid and effectual to all intentsand
purposes without anything more. If the people
could not authorize delegates to make a consti-
tution for them in this manner they would be
stripped of their sovereignty—they would no
longer possess it. Then in tta southern States
a constitution made by a convention of dele-
gates elected to make it is good and effectual
without a popular vote. It is a mere question
of discretion or of policy whether it shall be
submitted to such a vote or not where there is
no limitation upon the powers of the conven-
tion.
I submit, then, that upon this point also the
Senator from Indiana was mistaken.
Mr. CRAGIN obtained the floor, and on his
motion the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, January 20, 18G8.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by llev. Junes E. Guammep, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
customs revenue laws.
Mr. ELIOT. I ask unanimous consent to
take from the Speaker's table Executive Doc-
ument No. 4, in relation to customs revenue
laws, and communicating to the House a draft
of a bill on the subject. It was sent here from
the Treasury Department last December, laid
on the table, and ordered to be printed. I
move its reference to the Committee on Com-
merce.
The motion was agreed to ; and the commu-
nication was accordingly referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
message from tiie senate.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Forney, its Secretary, notifying the House
that that body farther insisted on its amend-
ments to Ilouse bill No. 207, to provide for
exemption of cotton from internal tax, and
agreed to the further conference asked by the
Ilouse on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses thereon, and had appointed Mr. Mor-
gan, Mr. Coxness, and Mr. Bcckalew as con-
ferees on its part.
It further announced that the Senate had
passed House bill No. 140, to provide for a com-
mission to examine and report on meters for
distilled spirits, with amendments, in which
the concurrence of the House was requested.
washington target-shooting association.
Mr. BALDWIN, by unanimous consent, re-
ported back from the Committee for the Dis-
trict of Columbia House bill No. 344, to incor-
porate the Washington Target-Shooting Asso-
ciation, with an amendment.
Mr. HOLMAN. I desire to ask a question.
It is very manifest that a good deal of this legis-
lation is necessary and a good deal has already
occurred. Does the Committee for the District
of Columbia propose to introduce a bill author-
izing a general law incorporating such com-
panies? It will save a great deal of inconve-
nience and trouble to Congress. I
! Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. We have
passed bills'for about everything on the face of
! the earth for the District of Columbia, and I
,! hardly think there could be anything more
,, covered by a general law.
Mr. HOLMAN. If there is a general law
authorizing the incorporation of^such compa-
nies it is not necessary to pass this bill.
Mr. BALDWIN. There is no general law,
and no proposition to enact such a law has
been brought before our committee ; but I hear
j it said that such a proposition is under consid-
! eration before the Senate Committee for the
| j District of Columbia.
! Mr. ROSS. I desire to ask whether this
I; corporation is to be confined to loyal persons
■ or not? I should object to it unless there is
that proviso in the bill.
Mr. HIGBY. And without distinction of
race or color.
Mr. ROSS. Yes, sir; and without distinc-
tion of race or color, and also requiring the
test-oath to be taken.
Mr. MULLINS. I desire to make a single
remark in reply to the gentleman last up, [Mr.
Ross.] I hope the majority of this House
will make that bill so comprehensive in its
provisions and so little sectional that even the
gentleman can'corae in and shoot if he desires.
[Laughter.]
Mr. ROSS. Do you think it will let Ten-
nessee in then ?
Mr. MULLINS. I am now in. [Laughter. ]
The bill was reported. It constitutes Charles
Klomann and others a corporation by the name
of the Washington Target-Shooting Associa-
tion; fixes the capital stock at $100,000, di-
vided into shares of twenty-five dollars each ;
allows nine directors; gives the corporation the
right to make and prescribe by-laws ; and pro-
vides that the members shall notcxercise target-
shooting on the Sabbath day.
The amendment reported by the committee
was in section four after the word "corpora-
tion" to insert the words " not inconsistent
with the laws in force in the District of Colum-
bia."
Mr. BALDWIN. I demand the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. UPSON. I move to lay the bill on the
table.
The question was put, and there were—ayes
23, noes 74.
So the House refused to lay the bill on the
table.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time: and being engrossed, it
was accordingly read the third time.
The question then was, Shall the bill pass?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. 1 demand
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. VAN WYCK. I wish to vote intelli-
gently upon this question, and I would like the
gentleman from Massachusetts to inform the
House why it is that these individuals cannot
enjoy the liberty of shooting at a mark without
all the machinery of an act of Congress. The
whole object here seems to be that they shall
shoot at a mark, except the " moral and social"
part of it, which I do not understand. Is it
not possible for these men to enjoy all the ad-
vantages of mark-shooting under the Constitu-
tion without an act of Congress?
Mr. BALDWIN. The purposes of the asso-
ciation require a large lot of land, with suit-
able structures and other facilities for target
practice. They find it necessary to own the
land, structures, other property ; and they ask
to be incorporated, in order that they may, as
an association, acquire legal title to such prop-
erty.
The question was taken upon the passage of
the bill; and it was decided in theamrmative—
yeas 96, nays 21, not voting 71; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames. Anderson, Areher, Dclos R.
Ashley, Axtell,Bailey, Baker, Baldwin, Banks, Bea-
man, Benjamin, Blair, Boutwell, Bromwell, Buck-
land, Burr, Cake, Cary, Chanler, Cobb, Coburn, Cook,
Dixon, Donnelly, Driggs, Eggleston, Eia, Eliot,
Farnsworth. Kerry, Fields, Garfield, Glossbrcnner,
Hawkins, Higby, Hill, Holman, Chester D. Hubbard,
Hunter,Ingersoll, Jenokes, Johnson, Judd, Julian,
Kelley, Kerr, Koontz, Laflin, Loughridge, Mallory,
Marvin, McCarthy, McClurg, McCormick, Mercur,
Morgan, Morrell. Mungen, Myers, Newcomb, Nib-
lack, Nicholson, O'Neill, Orth, Paine, Peters, Phelps,
Pike, Plants, Poland, Polslcy, Price, Pruyn, Raum,
Sawyer, Scofield, Shanks, Smith, Starkweather,
Taffe, Taylor, Thomas, John Trimble. Lawrence S.
Trimble.Twiehell, Van Aernam, Van Trump, Ward,
Cadwalader C. Washburn, Elihu B. Washburne,
HenryD. Wash burn .Wclker, William Williams, John
T. Wilson, Stephen F. Wilson, and Windom—96.
NAYS—Messrs. Barnum, Broomall, Reader AY.
Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Cornell, Forrias, Getz, Golla-
day, Harding, Hotehkiss, Asahel W. Hubbard, Wil-
liam Lawrence, Mullins, Pile, Pomeroy, Ross, Sit-
greaves, Spalding, Upson, Van Wyck, and Wood-
ward—21.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ad&ms. Allison, Arnell,
James M. Ashley, Barnes, Beck, Benton, Bingham,
Blaine, Boyer, Brooks, Butler, Churchill, Covode,
Cullom, Dawes, Dodge, Eckley, Eldridgo, Finney,
Fox, Gravely, Griswold, Grover, Haight, Halsey,
Hooper, Hopkins, Richard D. Hubbard, Hulburd,
Humphrey. Jones, ICclsey.Kctcham, Kitchen, Knott,
George V. Lawrence, Lincoln, Loan, Logan, Lynch,
Marshall, Maynard, McCullough, Miller, Moore,
Moorhead, Morrisaey, Nunn, Perham, Randall,
Robertson, Robinson. Schenck, Selye. Shellabarger,
Aaron F. Stevens. Thadd eus Stevens, Stewart, Stokes,
Stone, Taber, Trowbridge,' Van Auk en, Burt Van
Horn, Robert T. Van Horn, William B. Washburn.
Thomas Williams, James F. Wilson, Wood, and
Woodbridge—71.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. BALDWIN moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved to lay the motion tb reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
taxation on books, etc.
Mr. O'NEILL, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. R. No. 687) to so construe
