834
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 29,
lutely into the hands of loyal men; and in view
of the farther important fact that they are
building this road, all hands are at work, its
construction is being pressed with all possible
vigor; in view, sir, of its great importance in
the development of that country, I say that it
is unwise and unfair now to deprive them of
this grant and pas3 a law which will declare
these lands forfeited, not only for the part of
the road unfinished but all the lands remaining
unsold for the part they have finished, in accord-
ance with the provisions of the law under which
the grant was made.
It will be remembered by the House that I
propounded to the chairman of the committee
yesterday the question as to what the effect of
this bill would be on the lands remaining un-
sold upon the portion of these railroads which
have been finished, and he replied that they
undoubtedly would be forfeited; that this bill
would not only forfeit the lands for the unfin-
ished portions of these roads, but also the
lands remaining unsold for the finished por-
tions—finished in accordance with the pro-
visions of the law by which the grant was
made.
The chairman of the committee stated that
would furnish undoubtedly an equitable reason
why at some future time this grant for this
particular road, or the grants for similar rail-
roads, shall be revived. But does not the gen-
tleman see, and can the House fail to see, that
this would impose great hardship on this road,
from the fact that declaring these lands for-
feited and opening them to preemption on that
portion of the road which has been completed
according to the law, would render the restora-
tion of these lands to the company an impos-
sibility? Taking these facts, whatever may be
the convictions of gentlemen as to the propriety
of passing this bill, I submit that this road, now
in process of rapid completion and owned by
loyal men, should not be included. I trust,
therefore, my amendment excluding it for the
reasons I have stated will be adopted in case
the bill is not recommitted to the Committee
on Public Lands.
Now, sir, a word in reference to the general
provisions of this bill. I think it is premature
now to pass on this whole question.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman's time has
expired.
Mr. TABER obtained the floor.
Mr. PILE. I ask the gentleman to yield to
me for a few minutes.
Mr. TABER. I yield to the gentleman.
Mr. PILE. I think it unwise, Mr. Speaker,
while the process of reconstruction is being
completed, with the prospect of an early restor-
ation of these States, when it is the general
feeling that they should be represented upon this
floor by loyal men whom we believe and expect
they will send. I say I think it is unwise by
one sweeping law, covering all roads, placing
them all upon the same basis, to treat them all
alike, whether they have done much or little,
whether they are important or unimportant to
the country, whether partially finished or not
begun, to forfeit all these lands and take it from
these roads which are now furnishing employ-
ment to the poor people down there, white and
black. I know it is said if we pass this bill
now we can take up these cases hereafter, one
after the other, when the States are represented
here by loyal men; but he fails to perceive the
great wrong done by this bill in declaring these
lands forfeited and opening them up to home-
stead entry. Men may come in and settle upon
the line of these roads and the roads will then
be compelled to purchase the right of way. I
think it would be better to return the bill to
the committee and wait for the southern States
to send Representatives here. It is unwise to
tear down in order to build up again.
At the proper time I intend to make a motion
to lay on the table the motion to reconsider
the order of the House recommitting the bill
tothe committee. If that is carried the com-
mittee can then take more time to consider the
matter and be better prepared to report a bill
that will protect the interests of innocent and
deserving parties.
I INCOME AND REVENUE TAX.
Mr. SELYE. I ask unanimous consent to
offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Commissioner of Internal Reve-
nue be directed to report to this House at his earliest
convenience the number of persons paying an income
tax in each State, with the aggregate amount so paid
by States; also, the number of manufacturersin each
State paying revenue tax with the aggregate amount
paid in each State.
Mr. BENJAMIN.. I suggest that the inquiry
be made of the Secretary of the Treasury.
Mr. SCHENCK. I merely wish to remark \
that three-fourths of all that information is now
in print, and gentlemen have it on their tables
if they choose to look at it; everything relating
to the amount of tax in the different States.
Mr. KELLEY. I object to the introduction
of the resolution.
MAIL ROUTE.
Mr. BURR, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 588) to establish a
mail route; which was read a first and second !
time, and referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads.
SOUTHERN LAND GRANTS AGAIN.
The House resumed the consideration of the
bill to declare forfeited to the United States
certain lands granted to aid in the construction
of railroads in the States of Alabama, Missis-
sippi, arid Florida, and for other purposes.
Mr. TABER. Mr. Speaker, when this bill
was before the House just before the adjourn-
ment in December, I took occasion then to
express my disapproval of its provisions. I
had not then had time, nor do I think the com-
mittee had time, to give to this subject the con-
sideration which its merits demand. I have
since then, however, given to the subject a
more careful consideration, and the more I
have examined it the better have I become sat-
isfied of the injustice it will work, and of the
impropriety of passing it in its present form,
and at this time.
I find from documents which I hold in my
hand, sent to me at my request by the Com-
missioner of Public Lands, that the amount of
land certified to the four States embraced in
this bill is four million eight hundred and sev-
enty-three thousand and thirty-three acres ; and
that there are still remaining in those States
thirty-live million eight hundred and eighty
thousand acres subject to entry under the home-
stead and preemption act. It would seem,
therefore, that the plea of the gentleman from
Indiana, [Mr. Julian,] that the lands that are
I proposed to be confiscated by this bill are abso-
lutely necessary to supply the wants of the
landless poor in the South is not substantiated
by this report, by which it appears that the
amount of these grants is not more than one
eighth of the aggregate amount of public lands
in those States.
Mr. PRUYN. I made an inquiry yester-
day, when my colleague [Mr. Chanler] had
the floor, but which I desire to renew in some-
what broader terms. It is this : on what facts
did the committee act when they ordered this
bill to be reported? what evidence was be-
fore them ? when will it be presented to the
House? and are we .to have a report in writing
from the committee, and when may we expect
it? On a subject of this importance we ought
to have full information before we legislate.
Mr. TABER. So far as I know there has
been no testimony whatever taken by the com-
mittee or laid before it. I believe at the time
it consented to the report it did so for the
simple purpose, and with the express under-
standing, of having the bill as amended in the
committee printed and recommitted to the
committee, so that it might have that fair and
careful consideration that its importance de-
manded. I believe now I am justified in say-
ing that the majority of the committee still
desire that the bill may take that direction.
Mr. Speaker, by acts passed by the Thirty-
Ninth Congress, we have renewed grants in
Arkansas, Missouri, Iowa, Michigan, Wiscon-
sin, and Minnesota. Those grants were origin-
ally obtained at or about the same time tliat
these southern grants were made. The former
have been renewed and extended, and in almost
every instance they have been nearly doubled.
That is to say, where the limit of the original
grant conveyed three miles in alternate sec-
tions on each side of the road, it has been in
nearly or quite every instance, extended to five
miles, thereby granting six million five hun-
dred and thirty-two thousand nine hundred
and ten acres. Three acts were passed at the
first session of that Congress to renew and add
to original grants to the State of Arkansas.
The act making a grant to the Iron Mountain
railroad from Pilot Ivnob, in the State of Mis-
souri, to Helena, in Arkansas, was reported and
sustained in the House by the chairman of the
Committee on Public Lands. I will read the
second section:
"Sec. 2. And be it further enacted. That there be,
and is hereby, granted to the State of Arkansas, lor
the purpose of aiding in the construction and exten-
sion of a railroad from the point where the Iron
Mountain railroad intersects the southern boundary
line of Missouri, by the nearest and most practicable
route, to a point at or near the town of Helena, on
the Mississippi river, every alternate section of land
designated by odd numbers, for ten sections in width
on each side of the road," <fcc.
The grant is not only revived but there are
four sections of land added to each mile of the
road. The original act was passed in 1853.
Two other bills were reported by the Commit-
tee on Public Lands precisely of the same
character, and became laws, relating to the
State of Arkansas. It strikes me, therefore,
that the chairman of the committee can, with
very great propriety and consistency, permit
this matter to rest for the present in the con-
dition it is now in. That is all that I desire. I
only wish that the matter shall remain as it is
until these States are represented here. When
they are so represented I shall be quite as will-
ing to take up the subject and give it a fair con-
sideration, giving to each road and each State
all that it i3 entitled to and no more, as the
gentleman from Indiana. By that time the
House will be in possession of information that
will enable it to act understandingly and intel-
ligently. I trust, therefore, that the motion
of the chairman of the committee will not pre-
vail, but that the bill will be again returned to
the committee. I yield twenty minutes of my
time to the gentleman from California, [Mr.
Axtei L J
Mr. AXTELL. Mr. Speaker, this is a bill
dealing with values ; property is presumed to
change hands by its passage. It is therefore
proper that we should consider whether there
are vested rights which may be disturbed by
our legislation. Heretofore, more than ten
years ago, Congress relinquished the title of
the United States to several million acres
of lands lying in the southern States for
railroad purposes. It is stated by the chair-
man of the Committee on Public Lands that
the amount was about five million acres. Those
grants were made in the same form as other
grants made by Congress for the same pur-
pose, not alone or principally to benefit the
stockholders in the roads, but rather to benefit
the country through which they pass, and by
enhancing the value of the alternate sections
thereby adding to the wealth of the United
States. The condition attached to those grants
was that the railroads should be completed
in ten years. The ten years have elapsed and
the railroads are unfinished ; the conditions
have not been complied with, and the gift re-
verts to the donor. The land remains in the
United States without legislation, and it is
hard to understand what object will be attained
by this bill unless it is to render the forfeiture
notorious, advertise the lands, and prevent
affirmative legislation in favor of the railroads.
This bill simply declares a certain state of
facts to exist. It is, perhaps, merely a notice
in advance to the southern people that we
stand upon the letter of the bond and they
