1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
835
need expect no favors. On the other hand, it |
is presumed (for the roads have not yet been !
heard upon this floor) that they will excuse or
justify their failure to complete the roads on
account of the actual existence of war in their
borders, pleading the act of God and public ene-
mies. \Ve reply that the existence of war was
their own act and that they cannot take advan-
tage of their own wrong. What their reply to
this would be, if represented here, we do not
know, and as there can be no haste necessary
in the matter, it is to be hoped that the mod-
erate and fair dealing men upon this floor will
wait until In is great interest is represented
here before taking final action.
But, sir, rights have vested, for the roads
have been partially built. We have heard
during this debate, from the gentleman who
reported this bill, that in the case of the Ope-
lousas road the State of Louisiana owns a large
amount of the stock, and other portions of it
are owned by various parishes in the State that
have subscribed to the building of the road.
Other stock, again, is owned by individuals
residing North and South and abroad; and
while, if they have failed to comply with the
conditions of the grant and have no excuse, it
is true that the lands revert to the Govern-
ment, still when we consider the condition of
our country for the last five or six years it may
be well for us to pause before giving this em-
phatic notice that they will call in vain on us
to renew the grants after they have invested
their money and completed large portions of
the roads.
It may be well for ns to consider whether
the grant was originally a wise one. I pre-
sume that no gentleman upon this floor will
now stop to debate the advantage of railroads.
It is stated by the mover of this bill that his
object is to release these lands from the hands
of corporations and thereby give homes to the
landless poor. According to his statement of
the case it is "the freedmen vs. capitalists."
The gentleman from New York [Mr. Taber]
has replied to that by figures, showing that
there are thirty-five million acres of land in
those States yet belonging to the Government
and subject to preemption and location, and
therefore these five million acres are not needed
to furnish homesteads to the landless poor.
We are approached upon the mercy side.
" The Greeks are to be feared even when bear-
ing gifts." It is well for us to consider the
justice of the case before we debate the pro-
priety of taking these lands from men who
have already a vested right in them to give
them to the landless poor. Railroads are
the poor man's roads—the railroad car the
poor man's carriage ; and while we propose
to give homes in our country to the landless
poor we also propose to give thetn roads by
which they can reach those homes. There are
too many western men on this floor to be told
that eighty or one hundred and sixty acres of
land in an unbroken wilderness without roads
is any home for the poor. It is rather a place
where a rich man would starve to death. We
propose by railroads to give homes to the poor
and bread to the poor. These railroads reach-
ing into a fine grain-growing country will bring
eheap products to the poor of the South. The
capitalists of the South cannot be arrayed
against the poor of the South. We would
give the poor not only homes but food and em-
ployment, and the man who attempts to.array
capital against labor is a political and social
incendiary. There neither is nor can be any
just or natural antagonism between them.
The lands are there and will remain there
forever, and when owned by the Government
thpy are owned by a corporation that over-
whelms and swallows all corporations; who-
ever holds them holds them for sale, and it is
a notorious fact that wild lands in the United
States are held at a mere nominal price, for it
is not the land that is wanted by the Govern-
ment or the road; it is the settler that is needed.
It is said this is to provide homes for the
freedmen, these children of the Republic, born
of the war. We should be untrue to ourselves
if we did not seek earnestly to advance the
interests and improve the social condition of
this peculiar people. It is fair to assume that
the more intelligent portion of them—the |
house servants, mechanics, and skilled labor- I
ers—will find no difficulty in obtaining employ-
ment either in those States or in neighboring
ones. It must not be lost sight of that the
freedman is no longer a fixture. He is now
at liberty to choose his own field of labor and
of enterprise. The Government is bound to
protect him, as she is bound to protect all who
live under her flag.
As it was well remarked by the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Banks] in the de-
bate this morning in relation to the rights of
American citizens abroad, the right of loco-
motion is one of the inalienable rights of
American citizens. And if the people of the
South are so blind to their own interests as
not to desire to make the field of labor agree-
able to the freedman and to provide him with
all those appliances and comforts necessary to
his condition, but rather desire to force him
to remove, then they will lose this valuable
labor; for the right of locomotion is one of
the freedman's inalienable rights. To my
mind it is quite probable that Mexico and
Central America will be the future home of
the much-abused and badly-debated negro.
When his slow mind comprehends his present
condition he will naturally turn his attention
to the south land left for him, and for him a
paradise. That we can put him in this gen-
eration to any use in America outside of labor
, is probably not the earnest conviction of a
dozen men on this floor. That we can ben-
efit and intend to benefit and improve their
| condition is entirely true. That we will pro-
I vide them homes on an equality with other
men is entirely true. They shall be guaran-
tied, Mr. Speaker, your birthright and mine
and the privilege of every foreigner who lands
upon our shores—the privilege to toil.
But, as I have already said, the house-ser-
vant, the merchant, and the skilled laborer
among the colored population South can obtain
remunerative employment in the settlements.
Then who will be left to take up these lands?
The field hands, men and women, just out of
the condition of slavery, without any capital,
without a year's provision to sustain them
until they can raise a crop; without money,
without ability to go into those distant fields
of labor, unopened by roads. They cannot
plant themselves there, and even if they should
be placed there by means of the policy which
J is the pet theory of the majority in this House—
|j gifts and donations levied upon the industry
1 of the North—they could not keep themselves
from starvation and death. And yet this plea
of homes for the landless freedmen is urged
1 with apparent gravity and earnestness by tije
(' advocates of the bill.
ji The letter which was read from the Clerk's
desk yesterday, at the suggestion of the learned
| gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Julian,] pro-
i pounded the query why the Government per-
' mitted these railroads to continue to hold
; large amounts of public land while it proposed
i ; to confiscate for the use of the freedmen pri-
vate property.
This bill is one of confiscation, of pains and
penalties, though under the specious plea that
these lands are necessary for the freedmen of
the South, for the poor loyal men of the South.
It is for this reason that we are asked here to
aid and encourage this system of wrong, this
system of confiscation.
Mr. Speaker, these poor white men of the
South have lived upon these lands for genera-
tions without any restraint. They have raised
nothing upon them but hoop-poles, and those
they could not get out to the settlements for
want of transportation. And even those in the
interior of this country who had capital could
make nothing out of it, because they had no
transportation. Railroads were needed when
they were commenced, and they are needed
now. Had this debate rested entirely upon the
legal right of the owners of these roads, or had
it been placed when affirmative legislation was
asked here upon the policy of the Government
either to retain these lands or to continue these
grants in force, and give an extension of time,
as we have, and justly too, to the roads in the
great West—I say, Mr. Speaker, if the question
was merely one of the policy of the Govern-
ment toward these roads, then this portion of
my speech would have been irrelevant.
But the advocates of this bill have had the
audacity to state upon this floor that they de-
sire it as a measure of punishment for their
rebellious subjects in the South. And the
gentleman from Missouri [Mr. McClitrg] has
even gone so far as to use tile following lan-
guage: " I almost feel willing that God shall
visit, as I have no doubt he will, that land with
desolation." I am therefore justified in treat-
ing this as a "desolating measure," and ad-
dressing myself to the policy of such measures,
and the motives and passions of men who ad-
vocate them. If these men have really searched
into the councils of the Infinite, and ascer-
tained to their satisfaction that God desires
them to smite this bleeding and helpless peo-
ple, I make no doubt their hand will love the
work, and that they will proceed with swift
alacrity. It is said "treason must be made
odious." Injustice and cruelty and malice are
odious of themselves. Severity is the ready
and often the only argument of a weak man.
Malice and rage are born of cowardice, and
cruelty is a fool's argument. If treason is not
"odious" without punishment it will not be
odious with it. The danger is that the bigotry
of these self-called apostles of liberty will make
loyalty odious. The Union without liberty
would be a curse, and every man who sup-
ported it would be a tyrant. A Government
sustained by fear is despotism. We support
the Union in order "to establish justice, in-
sure domestic tranquillity, promote the general
welfare, and secure the blessings of liberty"
to all within our borders. We must believe
that it is the object of all men on this floor "to
promote the lasting welfare of that country so
dear to us all, and secure the freedom and hap-
piness" of all men under the flag.
I have been led to indulge in this line of
remark by the language and sentiments of
those who have advocated this bill. It has
been asserted in this debate that the great
State of Louisiana is "constitutionally dead
and politically damned." Does the gentleman
from Indiana, [Mr. Julian,] who made this
remark, mean to say that the great State of
Louisiana must not pay her debts—that she
has no rights of property? Is the doctrine
advanced here that she has no rights which
loyal men are bound to respect? Is the doc-
trine to obtain that men once in rebellion have
passed out of the pale of humanity and bumau
justice? Is it maintained that the men living
in Louisiana, when they have invested their
money and their labor, have acquired no rights
which the majority of this House are bound to
respect? What other meaning can be attached
to the assertion that Louisiana is "constitu-
tionally dead and politically damned?"
Mr. Speaker, in concluding the remarks
which I have, by the courtesy of the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Taber,] had the honor
to make, I desire to call the attention of all
kind-hearted and Christian men on this floor to
the fact, undisputed through the history of
ages, that force and fear can create no true
Union; that " desolating " men have pursued
"desolating" measures to their hurt; "have
taken the sword and perished by the sword."
The Union we desire to establish and preserve
is one of mutual friendships, interests, and
esteem. Easy means of intercourse and per-
sonal contact and communication help greatly
to effect this object. Had railroads run North
and South as extensively as East and West,
and intercourse, trade, communication, and
intermarriage been as universal between the
North and South as between the East and
West, it is quite probable that this war would
never have been. But the country has been
fearfully desolated, and it should now be our
