836
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 29,
aim to build it up and restore its waste places, i
it' not from higher, at least from politic and
prudential motives. We require the products
of the southern States—their cotton and to-
bacco—to balance our exchanges. It is good
as gold. We should by all legitimate legis-
lation encourage its cultivation, and in the
place of attempting to draw the freedmen from
the plantations at present we should rather
encourage them to labor on the rich and culti-
vated lands, either as tenants or laborers, as
their skill and means may permit. Homes tor
the freedmen in the wild and uncultivated
forests is a delusion and a snare. There is
abundance of cleared land ior all the labor
now in the South, and freedmen and all men
must possess some capital before they can
clear and settle lands. Viewed from a finan-
cial point alone, it is wisdom for us to cease at
once from these desolating and destructive
measures, so that capital may again visit the
South and feel secure in its investments.
The idea that has been urged here, that be-
cause these railroads have carried treasonable
armies and supplies for the rebellion, they
should be torn up and destroyed or crippled in
their resources, is vandal in its conception,
and so un-American that I am compelled to
believe that the gentlemen who advocate that
destructive policy, now in the third year alter
the war has closed, have become, to some
extent, demented by fanaticism, and have lost
that noble power of reason which belongs to
humanity.
Let us wait till these roads come here for an
extension of their grants. Then let each one
stand or fall on its own merit or demerit, and
if punishment is to be inflicted upon individual
stockholders or officers let us single them out
and punish them, and not do as this omnibus
bill proposes, strike at them in a lnmp, giving
them all one neck and severing it with a single
blow ; and, as to punishment in general, let us
mete out their deserts at once and make an
end of it. There can be no worse policy than
this, which advances step by step from one
■Measure of punishment to another, looking :
apparently with greedy eyes to the final confis- j
cation of these lands and the utter desolation
of their homes. A decent self-respect demands
that we reach a finality in this matter, and
make known to the white populations of the
southern States our ultimatum. Thi3 uncer- ,
tainty and agitation destroy them and us alike.
They prevent capitalists from taking hold of
works of public improvement and discourages j
all branches of industry. Wise rulers seek to
remove causes of discontent, weak and wicked
ones punish outbreaks and crush and desolate
their rebellious subjects.
MESSAGE TROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
its Secretary, announced that the Senate had
agreed to the report of the committee of con-
ference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses upon the bill (H. R. No. 320) making
appropriations to supply deficiencies in the
appropriations for the execution of the recon-
struction laws and for the service of the quar-
termaster's department of the Government for
the fiscal year ending June 30, 1868, and for
other purposes.
The message also announced that the Senate
had passed joint resolution (H. It. No. 136)
providing for the sale of iron-clads, with
amendments, in which the concurrence of the
House was requested.
RECONSTRUCTION DEFICIENCY BILL.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I rise to a
privileged question, and submit a report from
the committee of conference upon the bill (H.
R. No. 320) making appropriations to supply
deficiencies in the appropriations for the exe-
cution of the reconstruction laws and for the
service of the quartermaster's department of
the Government for the fiscal year ending
June 80, 1808, and for dther purposes.
The Clerk read the report, as follows:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
vote* of the two Homes on amendments to the bill
(H. R. No. 8201 " nmkinir appropriations to supply |
deficiencies intheappropriatiousfortheexecutionof
tlio reconstruction laws anil for the service ot the
quartermaster's department of the <io\eminent lor
the fiscal year ending Juno 30, and lor other
purposes," having met, after full ami trcoeonlerence,
havo agreed to reeomtneud, and do recommend to
their respective Houses as tollows:
That the Senate concur in the amendment of the
House to the third amendment ul'the Senate with an
amendment as follows: in the fir.-l lino of said House
amendment alter the word "that" insert tho fol-
lowinsrwords: " from anil after the 3d day of March,
isos."
That the House of Representatives recodo from
their disagreement to the fourteenth amendment of
the Senate and agree to the same.
K. 13. WASHBURNE,
F. C. 1JEAMAN.
Managers on thr part of the House.
L. M. MORRILL,
,). W. GRIMES,
TIMOTHY O. IIOWB,
Manager  on the part of the Senate.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I desire
to say a word or two in explanation of this
report.
The Senate agree to the amendment of the
House in relation to stationery, with an amend-
ment providing that the proposition should not
take effect until the end of this Congress. To
that I was opposed. In the first place, as the
House will bear me witness, I was in favor of
limiting the stationery to what was already
drawn, and afterward in favor of the Senate
amendment in lieu thereof cutting it off en-
tirely. The proposition that now comes to us
! is substantially the proposition of the House as
j it passed and was understood by the House, i
' In order to make the matter more plain in ref- |
erence to the allowance for stationery, and that
no question might arise hereafter, the proposi-
tion is amended so as to make it read, "after
the 3d day of March, 1868." That is pre-
cisely the way in which the House understood
it, much against my consent, of course; but I
agreed to this report in order to have an end
of the matter and have the question settled; so
after the 4th of March, 1808, there will be no
question in regard to the matter of stationery.
Mr. GARFIELD. How much is allowed?
! Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. One hun-
| dred and twenty-five dollars for a year. The
; Senate are to have the same and no more than
we have.
Mr. GARFIELD. How much does it cut
■ the Senate down?
1 Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I cannot
j tell. It is known to the members of the House
that there has never before been any limitation
|| on the Senate in the matter of stationery. In
! this proposition we apply the limitation to the
' Senate as well as to the House.
' The next subject of disagreement was a prop-
osition forbidding transfers to be made from
i one fund to another in the Treasury Depart-
| ment. Both Houses were in favor of that
I proposition; but the House Committee on
: Appropriations having directed a report to be
made by the gentleman from Massachusetts
i [Mr. Butler] on that subject to come in as a
separate bill, we thought it best to strike out
the Senate amendment on the subject in this
bill. It was insisted by the Senate that there
was & necessity for immediate action, and
though this amendment did not go as far as the
very elaborate and complete measure which the
gentleman from Massachusetts prepared, yet
it was thought best to take this for the present,
and then to pass his bill through as soon as
possible. I now demand the previous question.
Mr. PHELPS. I wish to say a word.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I yield to
my colleague on the committee. I should
have said, what he will say for himself, that
he did not agree to this report on the ground
that he, like myself, was opposed to having
any allowance. But as it was necessary to
get to the end of this matter and to have this
bill passed, so our employes should be paid, I
signed the report. I yield to my colleague on
the committee.
Mr. PHELPS. Mr. Speaker, I was a mem-
ber of this committee of conference, and am,
I think, competent to explain my own position.
I was the only member of the committee of
conference whose name does not appear signed
to that report, and I will state the reasons why
I declined to sign it. I have taken the ground
in the Committee on Appropriations from the
first that, inasmuch as the necessities of the
Government were apparent, and it was time an
earnest effort was made to retrench expendi-
tures in all departments of the Government
service, we ourselves should begin right here
at home by setting an example of economy in
reality and showing our own good faith. And
it is for that reason, sir, I have deemed this a
proper time to cut off entirely the appropria-
tion for extras in the way of stationery and
newspapers, and to limit the amonnl of' station-
ery allowed to committees to what is abso-
lutely required for the service of those com-
mittees. I do not design trespassing on the
time of the House in elaborating a matter so
obvious to every man who addresses himself
earnestly to the consideration of the subject;
and I will content myself with the single re-
mark that I declined to sign this report of the
committee of conference because I am opposed
to the appropriation allowed by this report
for extras in the way of stationery and news-
papers.
The report was adopted.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the report was
adopted ; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
inspection of imports.
Mr. JUDD, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 580) to regulate the
appraisement and inspection of imports, and
for other purposes ; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee
on Commerce.
southern land grants again.
The House resumed the consideration of the
bill to declare forfeited to the United States
certain lands granted to aid in the construc-
tion of railroads in the States of Alabama, Mis-
sissippi, and Florida, and for other purposes.
Mr. TABER. I now yield to the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Cary.]
Mr. CARY. Mr. Speaker, I avail myself
I of the courtesy of the gentleman from New
York, in the few moments allowed me, to say a
few words by way of explanation of my posi-
i tion on this and other subjects involving the
J question of the disposition of the public domain,
j This bill discloses waste and improvidence
of the people's inheritance on the part of Con-
gress. Nearly five million acres of fertile
lands belonging to the whole people, and of
; which Congress is only the trustee, handed
I over to soulless corporations ! Of all monop-
olies the most to be dreaded is a monopoly of
the soil. To such an extent has this evil pre-
vailed that scarcely a section of good land can
be found upon which the settler can build him-
self a home without going to the furthest lim-
its of civilization. Corporations and specula-
tors and land-sharks have been allowed to
possess themselves of what should be sacredly
reserved for the homes of actual cultivators of
the soil. In ownership of the soil lies the
foundation of manhood, independence, liberty,
and civilization. By the accumulation of lands
in the hands of the few we shall have serfdom,
vassalage, ignorance, and barbarism.
If the moments allowed me were adequate
for the purpose I would like to call the atten-
tion of Congress and of the country to facts
which would admonish us that our predeces-
sors in this House have set us a very danger-
ous example. One corporation—the Illinois
Central Railroad Company—is now advertis-
ing fifteen thousand farms for sale, being the
small amount left of the magnificent grant of
Congress.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I do not
wish to interrupt my friend from Ohio, because
I am very much interested in his speech and
in his doctrines, but I wish to ask him if he
did not vote the other day to extend a grant
