1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8B7
for the benefit of the Illinois Central railroad j
to a road in Iowa.
Mr. CARY. I will explain that in a mo-
ment. I hold in my hand an advertisement
from a single firm which shows what has be-
come of the lands which Congress donated to
the States for the purpose of establishing agri-
cultural colleges. Let us see what has become
of those millions of acres of the people's prop-
erty during the past year. This firm—Lewis
4 Co.—say :
" During tlio past two years we have purchased
from the 8tatc of Kentucky all the warrants issued
to her, amounting to three hundred and thirty thou-
sand acres; alt issued to Indiana, three hundred and
ninety thousand acres; all issued to Maryland, two
hundred andteu thousand acres; all issued to North
Carolina, two hundred and seventy thousand acres;
all issued to New Hampshire, one hundred and fifty
thousand acres; from Massachusetts, two hundred
thousand acres; from Ohio, four hundred thousand
acres, and irom Pennsylvania six hundred and thirty
thousand acres; smaller lotsfrom other parties, mak-
ing all our purchases aggregate over three million
acres within the last two years."
This one firm has procured all those lands.
Now, sir, I have only time to add in the few
moments allowed me that where lands have
been granted to railroad companies—and here
I answer the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
A\ ashbirxe]—and they in good faith have pros-
ecuted their works, but have failed to complete
them within the time limited by reason of the
civil war, I will vote to extend the time, and
that was the case with the Dubuque and Sioux
City railroad.
Air. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. If the gen-
tleman will read the messages of the two Gov-
ernors of Iowa—the outgoing and the incom- j
ing Governors—he will see that that very rail- j
road company has not acted in good faith, and
they call upon the Legislature to take every- ;
thing away from it. j
Mr. CARY. I do not know what the two 1
Governors may have said, but I understand
that the bill was simply to extend the time to
enable the company to complete the road, the
work having been interrupted by the civil war.
And upon the same principle I am ready to
vote to extend the time to all those railroads
in the South that have been interrupted in the
prosecauon or their work by the civil war; but
in cases where they have not begun the work
I am iu favor of taking the lands back again
and revoking the grants. Hence I am in favor '
ot referring this bill back to the committee, or
of keeping it there and having it so modified
that only those roads that have in good faith
undertaken the prosecution of the work shall
have the lands granted. ;
I state here now distinctly that under no
circumstances will I vote, while I have a place
upon this floor, to give one single acre of
the public domain to any corporation under
heaven. I hold that Congress is simply trus- ;
tee of these lantls, and as trustee we should
keep the lands for homesteads for laborers,
native and foreign born. The reason why our
cities now are crowded with persons seeking
employment, consumers instead of producers, is
because you cannot find a section of land this
side of the borders of civilization that is not 1
in the hauds of some corporation or some
great speculator, ]
hy, sir, the State of Iowa would have a
hundred thousand more population to-day, and
ought to have them. Yet there is not now a
section of land in that State which a laboring
man can procure, except it be in a mosquito
swamp or some other place equally undesir-
able. And so it 13 in all the western States.
1 he gentleman from California [Mr. Axtell]
said, and he said truly, that the railroad is a
poor man's road. Yet the moment a railroad :
is projected all the land not taken by the
road is taken up by speculators.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Will the gentleman yield
to me for a moment?
Mr. CARY. I have but little more to say;
after I get through the gentleman from New
York [Mr. TaberJ can yield to the gentleman
from Missouri, [Mr. Benjamin.]
Mr. BENJAMIN. I desire to say that there
are plenty of public lands in the State of Mis-
souri within reach of civilization.
Mr. CARY. There may be just now; but
it was not so before the rebellion.
Mr. BENJAMIN. It was so before the
rebellion.
Mr. CARY. I am entirely opposed to do-
nating these lands. It is a false idea that by
giving lands to railroads we are building high-
ways for poor men. If we should pass a law
that no man should be the owner of land unless
he settled upon it we might help the poor man;
we should then furnish hiin a home where he
could erect his altar and worship God accord-
ing to the dictates of his own conscience.
My time is now exhausted. At another
time, when I have a better opportunity, I will
give my views more at length. I wanted to
explain my vote on the Dubuque and Sioux
City railroad bill. I may have voted under a
misapprehension. If it had been an original
proposition to give land to that road I would
not have voted to give them a single acre, but
as they were interrupted by the war I did vote
to extend their time. That I understood to be
the whole extent of my vote. I have nothing
further to say.
Mr. CAVANAUGH. Will the gentleman
yield to me for a few moments ?
Mr. TABEIi. For what purpose?
Mr. CAVANAUGH. For a personal expla-
nation, for five minutes.
Mr. TABER. I will yield to the gentleman
from Montana [Mr. Cavanaugh] for five min-
utes.
Mr. CAVANAUGH. Mr. Speaker, as the
gentleman from Kansas [Mr. Clarke] the other
day traveled out of the legitimate sphere of
action here by introducing a resolution cen-
suring the Territory of Montana for passing
laws in relation to suffrage in opposition to the
legislation of Congress, I desire to say a few
words. I took the trouble of sending a tele-
gram to Hon. Green Clay Smith, Governor of
that Territory, as follows:
Washington', D. C., January 2S, 1868.
To Goternob Green Clay Smith,
Virginia City, Montana :
Bid tho Legislature pass any law interfering with
the law of Congress relative to negroes voting in the
Territories ? Answer.
JAMES M. CAVANAUGH.
To that telegram I have received the follow-
ing reply:
Virginia City, Montana Territory,
January 28, 1868.
Hon. James M. Cavanauoh, Wtishington, D. 0.:
Congress wrongfully informed on Montana election
law. Have forwarded copies.
GREEN CLAY SMITH.
As the gentleman from Kansas [Mr. Ci,arke]
sprung the previous question upon me, I desire
now to say that I represent sixty-five thousand
American citizens; I represent a Territory
nearly twice as large as the State of Kentucky ;
I represent a Territory that this year sends
$25,000,000 of gold to the Treasury of the
United States—thus adding largely to the
wealth of the nation. Had this attack upon
my Territory come from Massachusetts, or New
Hampshire, or Vermont, or Rhode Island, I
should not have felt it necessary to say one
word. I have no fault to find with my friend
Governor Banks, or Mr. Dawes, or any other
gentleman who comes from New England
where negro suffrage is allowed, for what they
may say upon the subject. Had either of them
introduced that resolution I should not have
raised my voice here in regard to it other-
wise than to correct false impressions and un-
founded charges.
But it was introduced by a gentleman whose
State at the last election, by a majority of
nine thousand and seventy-one votes, refused
the privilege of voting to the colored man;
whose State, by a majority of over ten thousand,
refused suffrage to the white women of the
United States, and by only a majority of six
hundred and eighty-two carried the proposition
to "disfranchise rebels." And yet he comes
here and endeavors to force upon Montana what
Kansas has refused to allow in her own bor-
ders. Lfet the gentleman correct the evils in his
own State before he attempts to legislate for
my Territory. To say the least of it, he certainly
has taken impertinent liberties with the rights
of the people of Montana, and has been indeli-
cately obtrusive in the matter.
I merely desire to say that the Legislature of
Montana has not done what has been charged;
and I will further say to the gentleman from
Illinois, [Mr. Farnsworth,] as well as to the
gentleman from Kansas, [Mr. Clarke,] that
the people of Montana are as loyal as the peo-
ple of Kansas or the people of Illinois or the
people of any other State in the Union. How-
ever much the citizens of Montana may differ
with the political sentiments of the majority
of this House it is due to thera to say that they
have ever given a ready assent and cordial
support to the laws of Congress. I know the
constituency, the people I have the honor to
represent; and know them to be as true, loyal,
patriotic and intelligent as any that are repre-
sented on this floor.
Mr. TABER. I now yield to the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. McCarthy.]
POST ROADS IN NEW YORK.
Mr. McCARTHY, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (II. R. No. 590) establishing
a post road from Marathon to Smithville Flats,
New York; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads.
He also, by unanimous consent, introduced
a bill (H. R. No. 501) establishing a post road
from Syracuse to Euclid, New York; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads.
SOUTHERN LAND GRANTS AGAIN.
Mr. TABER. I now yield to the gentleman
from Illinois, [Mr. Wasiiburnf,.]
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Mr. Speaker,
I have asked a few moments from the gentle-
man, from New York [Mr. Taber] that I may
briefly reply to the remarks of the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Cary.] I must say that I was
particularly surprised the other day at the vote
of my friend from Ohio on the Iowa land-grant
bill. I had supposed that he was in favor of the
policy of "land for the landless;" and I was
surprised that he should vote for a bill which
would deprive the very men of whom he has
spoken of the privilege of entering upon this
land without paying tribute to a railroad cor-
poration.
Now, sir, the gentleman has fallen into a
mistake. This railroad company was not pre-
vented from building its road on account of
the war. The reason the company did not
build the road was that it did not want to build
it. It wanted to wait till settlements should
grow up and the lands become more valuable.
Hence the company came in here and by indi-
rection got its grant extended for two years.
During those two years it took scarcely a sin-
gle step toward the construction of the road.
Then the company came in and demanded
another extension—for how long? Not for
two years, but for four years, thus keeping the
land out of the market, withholding it from set-
tlement, and compelling every man who may
desire to settle upon the land to pay a double
price for it.
Mr. CARY. I wish to say but a word in
reply to the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Washburne.] If the position of that gentle-
man had not been so successfully controverted
the other day I should have voted with him.
I at first felt inclined to do so ; but examina-
tion and reflection satisfied me that good faith
required us to grant, under the circumstances,
an extension of time, as it was not proposed
to make any additional grant of land.
Mr. TABER. I now yield to the'gentleman
from California, [Mr. Johnson.]
IMMIGRATION OF C1IINKSE, ETC.
Mr. JOHNSON. I ask unanimous consent
to offer the following*resolution :
Resolved, That the Judiciary Committee be hereby
instructed to inquire whether it be in the power of
Congress to prevent the immigration of Chinese and
