1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
843
and to burden ourselves with heavy taxes, to
sacrifice the lives of half a million men, and
then to turn round after crushing the rebellion
and give bounties and largesses to those who
were the leaders in it and the originators of
their "lost cause.'' It seems a very singular
policy to me, indeed. If I must give the peo-
ple's money to rebels I should prefer to give
it to the private soldiers, to the rank and file,
and not to such generals as Beauregard, Bragg,
or Dick Taylor, or Meminger, or Frazier, or
Stevenson, or any of the capitalists of the
South, or to the gold-gamblers of Wall street,
who dealt in the precious blood of Union men
during the war. I would rather give it to the
poor crippled rebel soldier than to the men who
inaugurated the rebellion. I have no sympathy
with that kind of men. If, when we were
attempting to raise volunteers, it had been told
the soldiers at the recruiting stations that when
they conquered the rebels, when they snatched
from the grasp of Jefferson Davis and his myr-
midons these railroads, they would be turned
over to their former rebel owners, you would
have found few men to volunteer.
Mr. Speaker, as a specimen of the animus of
these southern railroad corporations I desire
to call the attention of the House to the peti-
tion of the people of Louisiana to this Congress
in relation to the New Orleans, Opelousas, and
Great Western railroad. It is a road which
was intended to be two hundred and fifty-eight
miles in length. The grant of 1856 gave them
sis sections to the mile, which would make in
all nine hundred and ninety thousand acres.
In the year 1857 they completed eighty miles
of the railroad. Not one inch of road has been
made since that year. They had four years
before the war broke out in which to work, and
yet they had scarcely begun the road, with
nine hundred and ninety thousand acres of
land to assist them! And now, after eleven
years of idleness, they come and ask an exten-
sion for eight years longer. That would make
sixteen miles a year to be completed by this
corporation. In addition to that they come
and ask for a settlement with the Government
for carrying mails, troops, supplies, and muni-
tions of war. They do not submit the account
to us; they do not tell us what they want
exactly or how much is due; they do not
show us how many dollars worth of assets
they have or what ability they have to go on
and complete their road. Instead of coining
here and submitting their case as business men,
showing that they are solvent and able to com-
plete the road, what do they do but simply
come and ask us to extend their grant eight
years.
Sir, a fact like this deserves notice. They
have been too slow. They have laid still, as I
said before, since 1857. This company is com-
posed in a great part of unrepentant, unrecon-
structed rebels; is composed of the ruined
State of Louisiana and the ruined city of New
Orleans, the ruined parish and county organ-
izations and rebel citizens recently in arms.
They are the men who opposed General Sher-
idan in New Orleans; they are the men who
murdered the members of the constitutional con-
vention of Louisiana. They are at this moment
the right arm of the opposition to the great
measures of reconstruction that we have inau-
gurated and are attempting to carry through.
Where is the seat of influence now in this
mighty struggle? I answer, in the State of
Louisiana, where General Hancock, incited
and instigated by these very men who are im-
pudently demanding that we give them an
extension of eight years to make this road for
which they have received nine hundred and
ninety thousand acres of land, is pursuing a
career of insane opposition to the laws which
we have solemnly enacted and which we intend,
by the help of God, to enforce.
We have no assurance that these men can go
on and make this road. Rebels that they are,
judging from the past, I believe they never
will do it. If we are to give these lands to
anybody for this purpose let us give them to
capitalists who will come here and submit a
proposition to this Congress showing that they
have the ability to carry on the work to com-
pletion. If I must I would give these lands
to such men as will abide by the Government,
obey its laws, honor its institutions, perpetuate
its freedom. I would give them to men who
have common sense enough to know that rebel-
lion cannot be successful, who are practical
business men enough to know that treason is
unprofitable, that confederate bonds and cot-
ton loans never were and never would be worth
the paper wasted in their printing, even if they
have no other regard for the interests of their
country. I very much admire the shrewdness
and business capacity of a German friend who,
when Bragg was marching on Louisville, went
there and invested largely in real estate. His
common sense amounted to a sublime faith in
the Government, and ran parallel with that
old Roman's who, with a keen eye to busi-
ness, when Hannibal with his victorious army
was beleaguering the city, gave a double price
for the very field upon which the proud Car-
thagenian was encamped.
I would give these lands to men who have
faith in the Government, who have stood by
it in its darkest hours. I never will be found
voting away the land of the people to men
whose knees trembled during the war, or who
had not the courage and manliness to stand
up in favor of the Union. But to go the length
of gentlemen opposed to this bill and put this
vast estate in the hands of traitors seems in-
credible. To give the capitalists of the South,
the men who fitted out the Alabama and Shen-
andoah, this additional fortune seems mon-
strous. I am in favor of giving it, if I give it at
all, to those, and to those only, who cannot
only show that they have capital and ability to
make these roads, but can show that their
record is clear and that they are Union men.
No others deserve largesses and bounties or
assistance of any kind from us or from the
people. I would rather give it to the widow
and children of him who fell with McPherson
at Atlanta, to him who left his right arm at
Yicksburg, to him whose eyes were scorched
out on the blazing heights of Mission Ridge,
or to him who left everything but his loyal, liv-
ing heart on the quaking breastworks of Rich-
mond. I would give it to such as these, and
not to the recreants and apostates who have
wrapped the land in fire and made the rivers
run blood.
Mr. Speaker, I am not here to controvert
the argument gentlemen have submitted that
it is important that these railroads should be
constructed for the benefit of the country. I
concede their importance ; but I do not believe
that these rebels in the South are the men best
calculated to develop the country. They tried
the experiment during the war, and what was
the result? Desolation from one end of the
land to the other. Not only were their rail-
roads destroyed and their bridges and depots
burned, but every vestige of animal and veg-
etable life in many places annihilated, every
landmark swept away, every improvementtrod-
den down—silence, ruin, death following swiftly
the development of southern Democracy. I
am not willing to take the advice of those men
now in the development of this country. They
were unsafe counselors then and they are unfit
to be trusted now. The Government had bet-
ter go on and make these railroads itself. It
will be cheaper in the end. We had better
vote a million, or two, or three, or five, or ten
million dollars to make these roads, and then
open the lands to settlement or to market, than
give ihem into the hands of rebels. We would
get our money back, at least, in the growth of
the country, and loyal men would then have
settlements and a basis there.
It strikes me, sir, that there is something
more than the mere construction of railroads
involved in this measure. It is a question of
encouragement or of discouragement to rebels
and to Union men. If we announce it as the
policy of this Congress that we are ready to
vote without discrimination these large amounts
of lands into the hands of anybody, no matter
what their political status has been, then the
Union party is no longer a power in this land.
Let it be understood, on the other hand, that
Union men are to be sustained, whether poor
or rich, whether owning railroads or not—that
we draw a broad distinction between loyalty
and disloyalty—and every man throughout the
length and breadth of the land will feel, with a
thrill of joy, that the Union is safe.
Sir, I cannot forget the New Orleans riot; I
cannot forget the rejection of Sheridan ; I can-
not forget the continued and persevering dig-
loyalty of these refractory men, and I would
not strengthen them at the expense of the loyal
and patriotic.
What was the great inspiring idea during the
war that drove our soldiers to the front and
caused victory to perch upon our banner?
Was it the hope and desire of mere conquest
of the South, and that the day would come
when every rebel in arms would be stricken
down, and every hostile fortification surren-
dered? No, sir; that was not the inspiring
idea. It was that when the arms should be
stricken from the hands of the rebels and the
power of the confederacy overthrown, the great
difficulty would be settled upon a proper basis,
upon right and fair and just principles, and the
power taken from those men ever again to lift
a parricidal hand against the Government;
that henceforth and forever there should be a
wide distinction between the loyal and the dis-
loyal ; that proper legislation upon generous
and comprehensive principles would reestab-
lish, on better foundations, our grand Govern-
ment. That was the great inspiring idea. You
could not have obtained volunteers to go out
against the people of the South in order merely
to whip them. It was not a question of strength.
It was not a question between two bruisers or
prize-fighters, or between two branches of a
great nation as to which was the more cour-
ageous and the stronger; but the great under-
lying principle was, that the Union should be
preserved, the rebellion put down, and the
principles of the Constitution vindicated and
enforced. And, sir, it is the first element in
reconstruction that power shall be taken from
the hands of rebels and placed in those of loyal
men.
The gentleman from Ohio across the way,
[Mr. Cary,] in talking about his vote upon
the Iowa railroad bill, said that if it had been
a bill to make a grant of land in the first
instance he would not have voted for it. I tell
the gentleman that he cannot avoid the respon-
sibility in that way. He voted to give away
the land in that case just as much as if he had
voted for a bill making the grant in the first
instance. The title to that land had been for-
feited and was no longer in the railroad com-
pany, and by voting for that bill he was voting
to give away the land just as much as if tha
original bill had never been passed.
Nor can the responsibility be avoided in thi,*.
bill, for the lands here involved are absolutely
the property of the nation now, and must be
given away afresh as if they had never been
granted. By voting against this bill do you
donate this land to the poor Union soldier, or
even to the poor white man of the South who
may have been forced to fight in the rebel
army? Not so. You are reserving it to such
men as Beauregard and Joe Johnston, who
are the presidents of some of these railroad
companies—rto a set of men who wero leaders
in the rebellion. You are voting this land to
men who have torn the flag of our Union from
its proud position in these eleven States and
trampled it in the dust.
Mr. MULLINS. Attempted to trample it
in the dust.
Mr. COBURN. They did trample it in the
dust for three or four years, to my certain
knowledge. This is the time to do this work;
we should not put it off. And I will give you
my reason why we should not defer this matter.
Some gentlemen say, Wait until thes6 States are
reconstructed. Sir, what assurance have those
gentlemen that these States are to be recon-
structed in a week, or a month, or in a year
