844
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 29,
even, with the executive power in the hands of
the present incumbent, with all the departments
of the Government ngainst us? I say that gen-
tlemen need not console themselves with the
idea that these States will certainly be recon-
structed very soon. Even when they do apply
here for readmission, it is a question for Con-
gress to determine whether they are properly
reconstructed. We are not prepared at a jump
to vote for any of these States to be readmitted
into the Union the very moment they appear
here and make application to be allowed to
do so. These States may not soon be recon-
structed. A fearful struggle is in progress.
Loyal men must be sustained; the disloyal
must be put down. We should not leave these
lands as a prize for which rebels and traitors
may contend in future elections. Let them be
placed where the poor man can get them and
find a home; where the widow may rest her
weary head, where the down-trodden may find
shelter and hope. Let them be placed there
at once, and let the work of reconstruction
go on.
In the mean time, these lands being taken
from the hands in which they are now tied up
can be opened for settlement. And if here-
after it be the policy of the Government to
make new grants for railroad purposes, let us
at once declare these lands forfeited. Then
let the capitalists of the North, and the capi-
talists of the South who are Union men, come
here with their propositions to complete these
roads ; let them as business men submit to us
a statement of their means to do so, and then
we can, if we deem it proper, vote these lands
to them. It strikes me that is the only true
policy for us to adopt, the only safe course for
us to pursue.
Let this railroad system of the South be cut
off from all entangling alliances. Do not com-
pel the Union man who wishes to assist in
constructing these roads to sit down cheek-
by-jowl with those who led off in the rebel-
lion, and who are to-day stained all over with
treason.
If their stock becomes worthless and their
corporations go down, Jet them do so; they
cannot go down too quickly. Then let other
and better men come up in their stead and
take hold of these corporations. That is the
only true basis for safe reconstruction. The
first step to be made is that which takes from
rebel hands, rebel corporators, from Demo-
cratic hands, and Democratic corporators,
this great power which they have through their
capital in controlling elections, in wielding
the votes of the people of the South, white
and black.
Why, sir, the evidence taken before the Com-
mittee on Southern Railroads shows that the
company whose road runs from Lynchburg—
the Manassas road—has been using its power
against us in the last Virginia election, ship-
ping the poor ignorant negroes, on false pre-
tenses, many miles away from the places at
which they were entitled to vote, and then re-
fusing to carry them back, thus disfranchising
them.
Sir, these great corporations may be so con-
ducted as to prove a very dangerous power in
the affairs of the country. All the guards which
we can throw around them may be insufficient
to control them properly. The power of the
Illinois Central railroad and of the Camden
and Amboy railroad is proverbial throughout
the country. Everywhere we^ee the importance
and the necessity of hedging in these great
moneyed corporations. Yet we are nowcalled
upon to put financial power in the hands of
these very corporations who will use all their
influence and energy to obstruct the reconstruc-
tion measures of Congress. Sir, let us wipe
the slate clean and begin anew. Let us give to
loyal men whatever we may have to give. Let
us put power into the hands of our friends, not
in the hands of our enemies.
One word in relation to this policy of mak-
ing land grants for railroads, if I had been a
member of Congress when these grants were
originally proposed I would never have voted
for any one of them except upon two condi-
tions. I would have insisted, in the first place,
that the maximum price of the land should be
fixed at two or three dollars an acre, and that,,
in the second place, a limitation should be pre-
scribed as to the time when the land should
be brought into market. These powerful cor-
porations hold on to these lands with an iron
grasp, withholding them from market until the
settlements all around them have largely en-
hanced their value. They wait until the poor
laboring men of the country have opened and
cultivated the adjacent lands, thus raising the
price of the vacant track belonging to these
corporations in many cases to ten dollars an
acre. I know such instances in the State of
Michigan. I know a remarkable instance in
which the company engaged in constructing the
Sault Ste. Marie canal, a powerful moneyed
corporation, controlling seven hundred and
fifty thousand acres of land located in the cop-
per mine region, have been able to withhold
that land from settlement and keep it a wilder-
ness.
Mr. PRUYN. Will the gentleman yield to
me a moment?
Mr. COBURN. I cannot yield.
Mr. DRIGGS. I trust that the gentleman
will allow me a few moments when he gets
through.
Mr. COBURN. I know it to be a fact that
that region of country is almost a total wilder-
ness on account of the grasping policy pursued
by that powerful corporation and the Portage
Lake Canal Company and some railroad com-
panies whose charters we have extended here
this winter.
Not one of these corporations should ever
have received a grant of land without fixing
the maximum price of the land and the time
at which every acre should be thrown into
market. And I say now that I shall oppose
every extension of these chartered rights and
every renewal of these grants unless some
restrictions of this kind be imposed. I believe
that the people of the conntry will demand
this at our hands.
In conclusion, I will only reiterate what I
stated when I began—that in my view this bill
is right in principle, is expedient as a great
public measure, and is not introduced at an
inappropriate time. It has not been brought
into this House one moment too soon, but rather
many months too late.
I now yield to the gentleman from Wiscon-
sin, [Mr. Sawyer.]
POST ROADS, ETC.
Mr. SAWYER, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. R. No. 593) to amend an
act entitled ''An act to authorize the construc-
tion of certain bridges and to establish them
as post roads;" which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was re-
ferred; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
A. G. SNYDER.
Mr. SAWYER, from the Committee on Com-
merce, reported back the petition of A. G.
Snyder, asking compensation for his invention
of a bullet machine now used in the ordnance
department, and moved that it be referred to
the Committee on Claims; which motion was
agreed to.
TEN-FORTY BONDS.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the
Secretary of the Treasury relative to the amount
of United States ten-forty bonds issued or dis-
posed of by the Treasury Department since
October 1, 1807; which was referred to the
Committee of Ways and Means, and ordered
to be printed.
TORT CLINTON HARBOR.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, also
laid before the House a communication from
the Secretary of War, transmitting a report of
the chief of engineers respecting the survey of
I the harbor of Port Clinton, Ohio; which was
J referred to the Committee on Commerce, and
ordered to be printed.
I SOUTHERN LAND GRANTS AGAIN.
I Mr. COBURN resumed the floor.
I Mr. MAYNARD. I will, with the gentle-
l man's permission, limit the statement he made
in respect to the railroads in Virginia. If I
understand the facts in connection with these
roads, all the small lines of road from the At-
lantic ocean to the Tennessee line have been
recently so far united that they have been placed
under the presidency and management of the
same individual—an individual who was a gen-
eral in the rebel army, whose united salaries
as they are paid to hitn now amount to over
thirty thousand dollars a year, more than the
salary of the President of the United States. I
thought it proper to qualify the gentleman's
remarks by this additional statement.
Mr. Cobuiix's time expired, and then the
floor was assigned to Mr. Keli.,ey.
CAPTAIN GEORGE TUERST.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana, by unani-
mous consent, from the Committee on Military
Affairs, reported back the petition of Captain
George Fuerst for allowance for travel and
transportation to Washington Territory, and
moved that it be referred to the Committee of
Claims; which motion was agreed to.
ISSUE OF LEGAL-TENDER NOTES.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Indiana. I ask unan-
imous consent to introduce a joint resolution
authorizing the issue of $125,000,000 in legal-
tender notes, to replace a vacuum in the cur-
rency causcd by the cancellation of compound-
interest notes, and to redeem such as may be
matured.
Mr. BROOMALL. I object.
METERS.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move to take from the
Speaker's table the amendments of the Senate
to House bill No. 140, to provide for a com-
mission to examine and report on meters for
distilled spirits.
Mr. ELDIIIDGE. I object; there is no
quorum present.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move to go to the busi-
ness upon the Speaker's table.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
50, noes 18 ; no quorum voting.
Mr. DRIGGS moved that the House adjourn.
The motion was agreed to ; and thereupon
(at four o'clock and thirty minutes p. m.) the
House adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. ADAMS: The petition of Christo-
pher Cunningham, late teamster in the Mexican
war, for increase of pension.
Also, the petition of Catherine Hoog, mother
of Jacob Hoog, deceased, late company B,
twenty-fifth Indiana volunteers, for back pen-
sion.
By Mr. BURLEIGH: A memorial of the
Legislative Assembly of the Territory of Da-
! kota, praying for an appropriation to construct
a wagon road from Fort Abercrombie down the
Red river of the North.
Also, a memorial relative to the survey of
public lands on and near the Red river of the
North.
Also, a memorial relative to a United States
land office in the Red river valley.
Also, a memorial praying for the establish-
ment of a mail route from Fort Totten to St.
Joseph via Dakota Territory.
By Mr. HOPKINS: A memorial of De
Lorma Brooks, asking the consideration and
action of Congress in regard to decisions of the
district court of the United States for the dis-
trict of Wisconsin, and of the Supreme Court
of the United States, which are charged to be
