1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
855
Congress had proposed it, but because he, as
die Executive of the United States, judging
for himself under the Constitution, had a right
to prescribe the plan of restoration: and so he
held Uiat Congrtss should not do it; that his
hands should not be tied by any act of Con-
gress.
After Mr. Lincoln had declared this doctrine
in i his proclamation he was reelected Presi-
dent of the United States. Now, I ask Sen-
ators. when your party elected him President
was there any more important question before
the country than the question of reconstruc-
tion, as you call it; of restoration, as Mr. Lin-
coln called it ? You claimed that the war was
about to close, and the great question of the
nation, the great question of the age, was
how shall these States be brought into har-
mony and into practical relations with the
Government of the United States? He de-
clared that Congress should not fix a plan ;
that he intended to be left free until the close
ot the war to adopt whatever plan, according
to his judgment, might seem to be right; and
after he proclaimed that to you and to this
nation you reelected him President and said it
was right. Now you say State governments
do not exist in the South. He did not use the
term "reconstruction;" he said'' restoration."
He recognized these States as existing with
valid forms of government, and the simple
question was. in his own language, theirrestor-
ation in their practical relations to the Gov-
ernment of LTnited States.
Bur, Mr. President, Congress is concluded
upon this question. You say that rebellion,
that secession, that war put an end to State
governments in the South, and that there is
no power to restore State governments except
in Congress. That ia your doctrine to-day as
proclaimed in your legislation. Let us see
what you did. and see if you have stood con-
sistently upon that doctrine. In the month of
December, 1864, the executive committee of
Middle Tennessee issued a call to the people
of Tennessee for a State convention "to take
steps as wisdom may direct to restore the State
of Tennessee to its once honored status in the
great national Union." That was the purpose
of the call. It is signed by Tillman, Spence,
Bryan. Lasselle. and Fowler, I believe the dis-
tinguished Senator who is now of our body.
These gentlemen did not undertake to call the
convention under any authority of law, but as
an executive political committee they called
the people together, to meet at Nashville, to
consider what steps ought to be taken to re-
*tore Tennessee to her proper relations to the
Government of the United States. Mark you,
Mr. President, that was after Tennessee had
passed an ordinance of secession; that was
after she had sent her regiments into the
southern army. After she had done every
act that a State could do, or the people of a
State could do, in hostility to the Government
of the United States, and before Congress had
authorized any restoration, this executive com-
mittee called a convention to meet at Nash-
ville. That convention did meet at Nashville
in January or February, 1865, and theyadopted
certain amendments to the constitution of the
State of Tennessee. They did not undertake
to make a new constitution. They recognized
the old constitution as still in force. Tennes-
see had a constitution which held her to this
Union when she went into the war; and when
that convention met at Nashville—a political
convention, if you please—it resolved itself
into a constitutional State convention, and
did not undertake to make a new constitution,
but recognizing the old constitution as valid
and binding, still they added amendments
to it. The amendments were abolishing sla-
very and some other provisions. The amend-
ments, not the Constitution, were submitted
to the people of Tennessee, and they voted
upon them, not by any congressional authority,
but by virtue of the sovereignty that lies in the
people of a State to amend their own constitu-
tion. They amended the constitution. What
has Congress said upon that subject? Did you
say to Tennessee, "Your government has gone
out like a candle that is burnt out?" Did you
say to Tennessee that at the close of the war
she had no constitution and nothing to amend?
Did you say to the State of Tennessee, "War
has destroyed your State government; you are
without any organization, and we will not rec-
ognize your action; you must get your power
and authority from the great source of author-
ity—the Congress of the United States?" No,
sir; you did not say that to Tennessee; but
then, without reference to party politics, you
were casting a vote which your judgments and
your consciences approved ; and what did you
say? Representation in this state of the case
was allowed to Tennessee by the joint resolu-
tion approved July 24, 1800, not two years
ago; and in the preamble you gave the reasons
why you admitted Tennessee. Reasons come
up to trouble people sometimes, and these rea-
sons come up to meet you in the face of this
legislation which undertakes to base the power
of Congress upon the proposition that the
southern States ceased to have governments
at the close of the.war. Here is what you say
in the preamble. After reciting that this amend-
ment to the constitution of Tennessee abolish-
ing slavery was adopted by a large popular
vote, you say:
"And whereas a State government has been organ-
ized uudtsr said constitution which has ratified the
amendment to the Constitution of the United States
abolishing slaveiy. aNo the amendment proposed by
the Thirty-Ninth Congress, and has done other acts
proclaiming and denoting loyalty: Therefore."
There, sir, you recognized the old constitu-
tion of Tennessee—that constitution which had
come through the din and smoke of the war
as her political organization. You recognized
that as the people in the most informal man-
ner had amended it; and you said that because
of that State government they had the right
to be represented here. You had not con-
ferred the power. You say now that the
people do not possess it, that the Executive
does not possess it, and that you must confer
the power because there are no governments
in the South ; and yet you have admitted Sen-
ators from Tennessee upon the doctrine that
the people, independent of Congress, could
amend the constitution, and that, thus amended,
the old constitution, the bond of Union which,
as a ligament, held the State to the United
States, made that State government valid.
Aye, sir, you went further. You say in the
preamble thst the State government in Ten-
nessee, long before any congressional recogni-
tion, did the highest and most important and
solemn act that a State government can per-
form ; that it ratified an amendment to the
Constitution of the United States. That power
which is conferred upon the State Legislatures
by the Constitution of the United States you
say Tennessee exercised, after she had made
flagrant war against the United States, and
before Congress had recognized her; that she
had exercised this power successfully, and
therefore she had a valid, legitimate, legal
State government. But you say a State Legis-
lature can ratify a constitutional amendment,
but it cannot legally choose Senators to sit
here. That will not do, Senators. Every-
body knows that will not do.
It is my duty to notice, as I am passing along,
to use the language of the President, the refer-
ence that my colleague made to a vote given
by the distinguished Senator from Wisconsin ;
and, as I voted with the Senator from Wiscon-
sin, I think my name is kept back simply with
a view of bringing that up in judgment against
me. Senators will recollect that my colleague
read from the Journal the action of the Senate
on what was known as the Winter-Davis bill.
When that bill came into this body Mr. Brown,
then a Senator from Missouri, offered an
amendment changing it very much. I was
opposed to both bills; first, to the House bill,
because I then held, as I now hold, that the
Congress of the United States cannot- clothe
the people of a State with the power to make
a State government. That authority is with
the people themselves after the State has been
once admitted into the Union. Mr. Brown
offered an amendment, and the question with
me and the Senator from Wisconsin was the
ordinary question of deciding between the
original proposition which you are opposed to
and an amendment which you also oppose. So
I voted for the amendment, as the Senator from
Wisconsin and many others voted for it, and
it carried. Now, sir, I want to show you what
the Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Wade,] then
having the charge of that bill, said about the
amendment. I was voting against the bill,
voting against the Senator. He said :
" I say again, if the gentleman is opposed to this
bill in principle, let him not vote for it; but let liira
not vote for this miserable dodge, this negation, this
amendment that asserts no principle, as a substitute
for the bill."
That " miserable dodge," "that negation,"
is what I voted for. 1 would vote to dodge
any such bill as that which came from the
House of Representatives, and so might the
Senator from Wisconsin ; and when the bill
was thus amended it would have been proper
for us to vote for the amendment as a measure
antagonistic to the measure from the House,
being opposed to the House bill.
Then, Mr. President, I assume that the power
and duty ofguarantying to the States republican
forms of government is with and rests upon
the Executive in any and every case where
the Executive is called upon to deal with the
! question, and that when the war closed the
President was called upon to deal with the
question, for it became his duty to see that the
laws of the United States were executed in the
southern States, and that they were in proper
practical relations with the United States.
What, then, was the condition of the South?
Was order so far restored and did the people
yield such obedience to the law and respect to
j the authority of the Government as justified
\ thePresidentin withdrawing the military power
[ that the civil authority mightonce more prevail?
! In his testimony, given in July last, before
the Impeachment Committee of the House,
General Grant said :
"I know that immediately after the close of the
I rebellion there was a very tine feeling manifested in
the South, and I thought we ought to take advantage
: of it as soon as possible."
And he adds:
"But since that time there has been an evident
change there."
In his letter to the President of the 18th of
December, 1805, many months after the close
of the war, many months after Mr. Johnson
had adopted his policy, General Grant said:
"Both in traveling and while stopping I saw much
and conversed lreely with the citizens of those States,
as well as with officers of the Army who have been
among them. The following are the conclusions
come to by me:
"I am satisfied that the mass of thinking men of
the South accept the present situation of affairs in
good fiiith. The questions which have heretofore
divided the sentiments of the people of the two sec-
tions—slavery and Slate rights, or the right of a
State to secede from the Union—they regard as hav-
ing been settled forever by the highest tribunal—
arms—that man can resort to. I was pleased to learn
from the leading men whom I met that they not only
accepted the decision arrived at as final, but that
now the smoke of battle has cleared away and time
has been given for reflection, that this decision has
been a fortunato one for the whole country, they
receiving the like benefits from it with those who
opposed them in the field and in the cause."
«*•*«**#***
" My observations lead mo to the conclusion that
the citizens of the southern States are anxious to
return to self-government within the Union as soon
as possible; that while reconstructing, they want and
require protection from the Government; that they
aroin earnest in wishing to do what they think is
required by the Government, not humiliating to them
as citizens, and thatifsuch a course was pointed out
they would pursue it in good faith. It is to be regret-
ted that there cannot be a greater commingling at
this time between the citizens of the two sections,
and particularly of those intrusted with th«law-mak-
ing power."
That is the description of the condition of
the Souih given by General Grant at the very
time the President of the United States was
welcoming these States back again in all their
practical relations to the United States.
Now, sir, upon this subject I beg leave to
read the testimony of my distinguished col-
league given at about the same time, at the
