1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
867
stated by the Senator from Pennsylvania yes-
terday, that great Commonwealth is now an
organized State under a constitution that never
was submitted to the people, and became the
supreme law of that State by the will of the
convention. This is the law, though I think
the practice better to submit amendments to the
people.
Now, Mr. President, what were the amend-
ments to the State constitutions in the South?
First, they abolished slaver}'. Do Senators ob-
ject to that ? Second, secession was, in express
terms, repudiated, and the right to secede de-
nounced. Third, the rebel debt was repudi-
ated, and it was declared that it should never be
{>aid. These were the material amendments.
>o you, Senators, say that these amendments
destroyed the republican characterof those con-
stitutions? Were they not republican in char-
acter before the war? Were not the constitu-
tions of North Carolina, of South Carolina, and
of Georgia at the time they helped to form the
Federal Union republican in form? And were
not the constitutions under which Mississippi,
Louisiana, Alabama, Florida, Arkansas, and
Texas were admitted into this Union repub-
lican in form? That is settled; I will not dis-
cuss it.
Then, sir, these constitutions that were re-
publican in form before the war came down
through the war, and by the people were
amended, simply adding that slavery should no
longer exist: that secession was not the true
doctrine of State relation to the Federal Gov-
ernment ; and that the rebel debt should never
be paid. I want to know if these provisions
of amendment destroyed the republican form
and character of the constitutions of these south-
ern States?
Such, Mr. President, was the condition of
this business when my colleague, in the speech
from which I have read, said that the prospect
of reconstruction appeared "highly .eneour-
aging;'' and he added in that speech:
" I am very glad to see that many of the southern
States are making commendable progress in themat-
ter of the abolition of slavery."
If these States had not legal State govern-
ments in 1865, I want to understand how it is
that they could abolish slavery; I want to know
how they could assent to an amendment of the
Federal Constitution abolishing slavery all over
the United States? If they were then and are
invalid, illegal governments, how could they
do the most solemn act to which a State can
assent? My colleague, then, not having been
educated by the progress of events, declared,
to use his own language—
" I am very glad to see that many of the southern
States are making commendable progress in the mat-
ter of the abolition of slavery."
My colleague now denies the authority of
those conventions to amend the constitutions of
their States, while at the time, wlien they were
in session, he recognized their proceedings !
I should like to know upon this question of
constitutional law how it is that my colleague
can be so "educated." Upon questions of
policy and propriety men may be educated by
passing events ; we may change our minds and
not be "milestones standing bya deserted high-
way," as he expressed it. We may change our
opinions in regard to questions of policy and
propriety according to the changing scenes that
are passing before us; but so far as the law of
the country is concerned, especially the highest
law of the land, the Constitution itself, how are
we so readily to change our opinions? Events
do not change that. We are not allowed to be
"educated" bypassing events in regard to the
proper meaning of the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States. We gather that from the letter and
from the contemporaneous history and con-
struction.
Now, sir, I wish to ask Senators a question
which I think they will have to answer to the
people at home. What objection have you to
the constitutions of the southern States as
amended by the people? For two years you
have made war against this policy ; for two
years you have kept these States out of the
Union so far as representation was concerned;
for two years you have kept this country dis-
turbed and distracted ; trade, commerce, and
business have been uncertain and shivering;
industry has been fearful to put forth its hand
or capital to trust to any enterprise ; the spirit
of harmony and of union has been passing
away from both sections of the country, because
of the strife that you have thus kept up. For
what have you done it? What end have you
attained? What good has come ? Was the con-
stitution as amended in North Carolina not
right? Our fathers said it was right when they
formed the Union with North Carolina as one
of the original thirteen ; they said it was a re-
publican form of government, and they lived
with North Carolina contented and well until
this rebellion came on; and then, when the
State had come through the war with her con-
stitution still in force as a legal document, and
the people amended it only in three or four
particulars, (those three particulars that I men-
tioned being the material and important ones,
namely, aboli#hiug slavery, declaring seces-
sion a vicious doctrine, and declaring that the
rebel debt should never be paid,) I want to
know why, then, you made warupon it ? When
these amendments were thus made what was
there in the constitution of North Carolina
that your judgments and your consciences con-
demned? If North Carolina came with her old
constitution and abolished slavery and adopted
these other amendments why did you not let
her in?
You cannot say to me that you did not in-
tend traitors to come here and sit with you,
because you had passed a law in 1862 saying
that no man who had given aid to the rebellion
should sit here. You claim that law to be
valid and constitutional, and that it keeps out
of these Chambers and from every Federal
office every man that participated in the re-
bellion or gave it aid or comfort. Then why
have you kept this country distracted, its busi-
ness disturbed, the hopes of the people de-
pressed, for two years, when these constitu-
tions with these provisions came to you, and
there was nothing to do but to admit the States
te representation? Answer that question to
the judgment of the country, and your policy
of reconstruction will stand better in popular
judgment.
What has been done since? What have you
accomplished by this delay? You can lay
your hand of logic upon but one thing. You
have not abolished slavery, because that was
done before you commenced by a constitution
that the people of each State in the South
were satisfied with. What have you done to
make it any better than the Johnson policy
made it? You have excluded from the right
of voting a portion of the white people, and
you have given the right to vote to the ne-
groes. If you can tell me of any other thing
that you have done by this controversy and
strife, this disturbance of the country, this re-
jection of constitutions agreed to by the peo-
ple—if you can tell me of anything else you
have accomplished, I should like to know what
it is. You have taken the robes of political
power off the shoulders of white men and you
have put them upon the shoulders of negroes.
Gentlemen may moralize in solemn tones, as
if they came from the tomb, about the gal-
lantry and distinguished services of the negroes
in the war. I can tell you that with all the
political and party ambition you have, with all
the party power you have, you have not power
to take the garlands from the brows of the
white soldiers and put them on the heads of the
negroes. You cannot do it. What is right
will stand. And I can tell you that all over
this-land, in every neighborhood, there are the
soldiers that have returned home who will
vindicate and defend their own honor against
this effort to appropriate the glory of the white
"boys" to the negroes. There is not a battle
in the war that was won by the negroes. There
is not a point that was carried by them. That
they did their duty I am not going now to
question; but it was the courage and the high
qualities of the white troops of the North that
carried our flag in triumph from the Potomac
to the Gulf.
Then, sir, to return to the question, why
have you pursued this course? The command-
ing General of the Army said that the public
sentiment at the close of the war was in a most
healthy condition. My colleague bore testi-
mony of like character. That was the judg-
ment of all men in the country. The condi-
tion of the country vsas auspicious, and the
popular mind was in a proper condition for
free government then, and we ought to have
taken advantage of it. And the President
and the people did take advantage of it, and
amendments to the State constitutions were
adopted that you say to-day were right. Now,
I want to know why it is that these States
have been kept out; that loyal representa-
tives have been denied admission; that con-
troversy has been kept up over the country,
and strife instead of peace and quiet? I have
my opinion about it. It was necessary for
party ends.
But, Mr. President, if I concede all that you
claim, that you have the power under the
clause of the Constitution which has been so
frequently referred to, to reorganize the States,
have you exercised it? You claim that your
power, your duty is to guaranty to the States
republican forms of government. Have you
done it? I will barely refer to the principles
you have established. What is a republican
form of government?
Now, sir, I think a republican form of gov-
ernment is a form of government in which the
people make their own laws through legislators
selected by themselves; execute their laws
through an executive department chosen by
themselves, and administer their laws through
their own courts. Is not that as near a repub-
lican form of government as you can have?
That was the state of things when the congres-
sional policy sent five armies into the southern
States, when ten Governors were deposed by
the paramount authority of the military power.
That was the state of society there; the judici-
ary, the legislative, and the executive depart-
ments of their governments were in the exer-
cise of their ordinary and legitimate authority
and power in each State. In that state of
society where the laws are made by the men
whom the people select, where they are ad-
ministered by the courts that have the confi-
dence of the pedple, and where the laws are
executed by an executive department selected
by the people, there is peace, happiness, and
prosperity. You have broken that down, and
in its stead you have done—what?
1. You have made ten States subject to
military authority.
2. You have made the civil tribunals subject
to military rule.
3. The lives, liberty, and persons of the peo-
ple are subject to military authority.
4. Juries are abolished.
5. Habeas corpus is abolished. I mean, of
course, at the pleasure of the military com-
manders.
6. You have clothed conventions with au-
thority to fix their own salaries and levy taxes
from the people for their payment.
7. You have empowered the commanders
to displace Governors, judges, and legislators,
and fill their places, thus making them depend-
ent on the will of the commanders. What a
spectacle we behold, sir. The judge taken from
the bench and the lieutenant placed in his
stead ! Legislators driven out and others ap-
pointed by the military to make the laws which
the people must obey!
Sir, what were the causes of complaint which
the Colonies made against the British Crown?
Speaking of the king of Great Britain, our
fathers declared—
"liehas made judges dependent on his will alone
for tho tenure of their officcs and the amount and
payment of their salaries.
"He has kept among us in times of peace standing
armies without the consent of our Legislatures.
"He has affected to render the military independ-
ent of and superior to the civil power.
