858
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 30,
" For imposing tu« on at without our consent.
" For depriving us iu many oases of the benefits of
tri.il by jury."
You were kind enough in the law to say
thai if the military commanders thought it
good policy they might continue the civil
courts and try criminals in the civil courts;
but if they thought best, they might organize
military commissions; but they should not take
any man's life without a reference of the case
first to the President, and that limitation was
put on only after a great deal of controversy.
So, sir, the property, the life, and the liberty
of this people are placed at the control of the
military authority ; and this is a policy that is
called a policy of reconstruction, of restora-
tion, and this you claim to be done under the
guarantee clause which directs this Govern-
ment to gunrantee to each State a republican
form of government! You find 110 other point
iu the Constitution where you can stand. Ihere
is not a rock in the Constitution large enough
for jour feet to stand upon except this one,
that it is your duty to guaranty a republican
form of government to these States; and in
the exercise of that power, in the discharge of
that duty, you establish a military rule and
despotism which is defined in the language of
the Declaration of Independence declaring
the offenses of the British Crown toward the
Colonies
This is all under the pretext of the guar-
antee clause. I had some respect for it when
it was claimed as under the military author-
ity of the President, because when you say
it is a military necessity, I do not know any
argument in answer to that. Military necessity-
has no reply except obedience ; but to say to
an intelligent people—to a people who have
sense enough to know when they are hungry—
that you are guarantying a republican form of
government to States when you are subjecting
them and all the legitimate and rightful author-
ity of their State governments to military rule,
is, in my humble judgment, an insult to an intel-
ligent people.
I know the answer to this very well: that
your establishment in the southern States is
only provisional; that it is only to last for a
little time: and that out of its rains there will
"spring up, phoenix-like, to Jove," repub-
lican forms of government. You lay the
foundations of free institutions on the solid
rock of despotism, and expect it to grow up
to & beautiful structure 1 I 4o not believe in
the doctrine that you can do wrong and expect
good to follow. I believe in the doctrine that
good is the result of good ; that from a pure
fountain you may expect pure waters; from a
foul and poisonous fountain you may expect
impure waters. And when you sow the seeds
of despotism in any country I expect the fruit
to correspond with the seed. You need not
tell me that when you establish military gov-
ernments and despotisms the result will be free
institutions and a happy people.
Sir, in this debate 1 observe that many able
Senators attempt to answer the Senator from
Wisconsin [Mr. Doolitti.e.] - I rather envy
the Senator from Wisconsin. He is the most
honored man I have seen. No single Senator
will admit that he has been answered. Each
one that comes up to the work undertakes to
answer him as if lie had not been answered at
all before. Really, sir, I envy the honorable
position of the Senator from Wisconsin. When
Senators get done answering his speech, they
will then have overcome the foundation doc-
trines of our Government.
The Senator from Massachusetts [Mr. Wil-
son'] characterized Toombs the other day, and
the instant that he had closed the sentence he
turned round to the Senator from Wisconsin"
and said that his speech was unpatriotic and
wicked. Who clothed the Senator from Massa-
chusetts with the garments of Robert Toombs?
Who has found in any of the chambers sur- 1
rounding this Senate Hall the robes of office
that Toombs threw off, and brought them that
the Senator from Massachusetts might wear
them ? Sir, denunciation will not serve gen-
tlemen. There are not many of ua in the mi-
nority here, but, few as we are, we feel that
we are standing in the Thermopylas of our
country's history, and 1 believe there will not
one flee from the combat.
I have been gratified by one thing in the
debate. Each Senator apologizes for the dis-
franchisement of the whites, and each speech
is an effort to make the number disfranchised
as low as possible. 1 have disoarded all esti-
mates. W hen we were induced—no; when you,
Iwillnotsay "we," becausel hadnopartor lot
in the business—when you were induced to vote
for these laws, it was under the assurance of
the gentleman having charge of the proposi-
tions that they disfranchised six to ten thousand.
Now, you admit a disfranchisement of about
fifty thousand, and I expect that my friend from
Pennsylvania is nearer the truth than either
estimate. But I do not think you are authorized
to ask me to credit many more estimates; your
mistakes are too large. Have you stopped to
consider the number of men that are disfran-
chised under your bill? If it applied only to the
men who held office at the breaking out of the
war, the number would not be very large. If
it applied only to the men who held office dur-
ing the war, the number would not be so very
large. But, sweeping the whole country, you
exclude not only all men who took an oath to
support the Constitution of the United States,
but all men who held office at any time during
their lives. You exclude all these from the
right of voting. That extends to every neigh-
borhood, a sweeping thing, picking here a man
and there a man, until the number is very large.
1 am glad to hear Senators say that they regret
that it is so large. That is an admission that
you know it is wrong. I think I hear the Sen-
ator from California say in his seat that we do
not all admit that it is wrong.
Mr. CONNESS. I said we do not all share
in that regret.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The Senator says all
do not share in that regret. My opinion is
that in all probability the Senator from Cali-
fornia would have liked to see the entire white
blood stricken down politically and all the
political power put in the hands of the negroes.
1 am against it, sir.
Mr. President, I say that when Senators try
to make the disfranchisement the smallest
number possible it is an apology for what is
felt to be wrong. My colleague said that
President Johnson's proclamation excluded
two hundred and fifty thousand or three hun-
dred thousand white men. When Mr. John-
son's proclamation did that he left the political
power of the South in the hands of the balance
of the white people ; he did not strike down a
part of the white population and then enfran-
chise all the negroes.
A great effort and strain is made in this
debate to show that you have not established
negro supremacy over the white people of the
South, and when you make that argument it
is an apology for your act. Now, sir, figures
show the fact in all the States of the South.
Taking all the registered voters there are forty-
five thousand nine hundred and seventy-Beven
more negroes registered than there are white
people. That is the aggregate, excluding
Texas, from which the returns are not yet
full. There are about forty-six thousand more
negroes registered than white people.
Another apology is made for your measures
that you feel are not right. It is that the white
people would not be registered. My opinion
about it is, from all the evidence I have on the
subject, that in very many localities registra-
tion was a most disgusting fraud; and for the
purpose of carrying the States negroes were
registered over and over again in different
names and white men were denied a registra-
tion. This was a serious complaint. But
to-day I saw an account of one of the Louisi-
ana parishes in which the registration was a
disgrace if the statement be correct; but I do
not claim any force now to that statement,
because it is simply upon newspaper report; it
may be true or it may not.
This is the fact as we now .stand before the
country—that under your law a majority of
negroes are allowed to vote in the southern
States, and in live of the States there is a
decided negro majority, and they can control
the States at any lime. And in Georgia there
is but a few hundred difference between the
two, and with the white men who, for the sake
of office and to control the entire negro vote,
will go with them they can carry Georgia.
Mr. President, by what authority do you con-
trol suffrage? I want to read iny colleague's
statement on this subject, as he is defending
this reconstruction policy. He said in his
argument in the Senate the other day that if it
becomes necessary for Congress to enfranchise
a new class of voters it is proper to do so, the
whole matter depending upon the necessity for
it in the judgment of Congress. Now, sir, I
will read what he said in his message to the
Legislature of Indiana in 18G5, in the month
of November, upon that subject, while the
reconstruction policy of Mr. Johnson was
being carried on. He then said:
"Th« suhject of suffrage is, by the national Consti-
tution. expressly reiki red to tho determination of the
several States, and it cannot be taken from them
without a violation of the letter ami spirit of that
instrument. It ia a fact so manifest that it should
not be called in question by any that a people who
are just emerging from tho barbarism of slavery are
not qualified to become a part of our political SJ s-
tera, and take part not only in the government of
themselves and their neighbors, but of tne whole
United States. So far from believing that negro suf-
frage is a remedy for all our national ills, I doubt
whether it is a remedy lor any, and rather believe
that its enforcement by Congress would be more
likely to subject the negro to a merciless persecution
than to confer upon him any substantial benefit."
Mr. President, negro governments have been
established in the southern States so far as the
congressional policy has thus far extended.
Inasmuch as my colleague defends this policy I
will now read from his speech, from which I
before quoted, in 1805, in which, on that sub-
ject, he said:
" I submit, then, however clearly and strongly wo
may admit tho natural rights of the negro—I submit
it to the intelligence of the people—that colored State
governments are not desirable; that they will bring
about results that are not to be hoped for; that
finally they would threaten to bring about, and X
believe would result in, a war of races."
We have been rebuked here because of a
suggestion that a war of races might possibly
result from a policy such as you have estab-
lished. My colleague said in that ably pre-
pared speech two years ago that this very policy
was likely to bring on a war of races, and we
have some evidence on this subject which is
threatening. I see in the Chicago Republican
of the 12th of last month an account of organ-
ized resistance to authority in one of the south-
ern States, which I will read:
"Perotk, Alabama, December 1,1867.
"DEARStB: The citizens of this place held a meeting
on yesterday for the purpose of memorializing Gen-
eral Swayne in relation to certain things which have
transpired here,and which have given just cause lor
alarm to the citizens. Owingto our former acquaint-
ance and your acquaintance with General Swayne,
they have requested me to address you also, and
endeavor to get assistance in having tho memorial
presented and the request of the people granted.
" For the last several days the people have been kept
in a state of alarm, growing out of the resistance of
the negroes in this community to the execution of a
civil process issued by Judge McCall. The negroes,
it seems, belonging to the league at this place,
through the instructions of certain leaders among
them,and I understand someot them from your city,
determined to form a code of laws to govern the negro
population, and actually opened a court, officcred
and organized, and have been arresting by night all
negroes that are opposed to and spetk anything
against their unlawful doings, and carried the matter
of punishment so far that one or two appealed to the
civil authorities for protection.
"A warrant was issued by Judge McCall last week,
and the deputy sheriff came over to arrest tho parties
on Thursday, and did arrest that evening tho sheriff
and one of his deputies and put them under guard.
He went the next morning to Dr. Dawson's planta-
tion, a mile or two from town, to arrest others. When
he had done so a party of some forty negroes made
their appearance and defied him to take them off;
cursed him and the white people, and told him that
they would meet him and them in the open field and
test thematterns to whoshould bomastersand rulers.
Under these circumstances the sheriff came back and
summoned tho citizens to his aid.
"As many as could becollectedsoon joined him and
went in pursuit. The negroes made their way toward
the Springs, saying they would get the league there
