em
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 30,
tbut has been going on for two years. Two or ;
three years ago the Senator from Massachu-
setts [Mr. SriiNKii] stood in this body and Mr.
Stkvkxs in the House of Representatives alone
when they proclaimed that the southern States
were in the condition of Territories, to he legis-
lated for at the pleasure of Congress; and I
recollect in the course of the debates the burn-
ing words tittered by the Senator from Maine
[Mr. Fesskxdex]—1 cannot give the words—
and the tierce attack of the Senator from Ohio
[Mr. Shkkmav] upon the Senator from Massa-
chusetts, charging that he stood alone. W here
did he ftaml then. Mr. President? He stood
inst where the preamble to this legislation to-
dav makes you all stand. He stood there then.
His party in this House and in the country did
not stand with him upon the doctrine that these
States were so subjugated, their governments so
last and destroyed that Congress had absolute
control and dominion over them.
That was the doctrine of the Senator from
Massachusetts and of the leader in the House
of Representatives, and 1 believe that the
Senator claimed it under this very clause now
resorted to. the obligation of the Government
to guaranty to each State a republican form
of government. Now, when these learned
gentlemen and grave and able Senators have
come to the Senator from Massachusetts, have
come to the distinguished and bold leader of
the House of Representatives, and stand by
him upon a doctrine that they repudiated two
years ago, 1 think he is the most reliable au-
thority upon the doctrine of the party to be
found next to the Senator from Massachusetts.
They are together. He says that this is out-
side of the Constitution, and he says that we
all knew it. You gentlemen disclaim it. Be
it so : but somebody is with him.
Mr. SUMNER. Will the Senator allow me
to interrupt him ?
Mr. HENDRICKS. I ask to be excused.
I know just where that will ran to.
Mr. SUMNER. I do not mean that it shall
run long.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I know it will; the
Senator will excuse me. Mr. President, this
leader, champion, bold, defiant, able, says that
it is a clear case of legislation outside of the
Constitution.
Mr.SUMNER. I hope my friend will allow
me to say that I never did agree with that dis-
tinguished authority on that point. I have al-
ways insisted that all the reconstruction meas-
nres were positively within the Constitution of
the United States.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Now, Mr. President,
if I had attributed the sentiment to the Sena-
tor from Massachusetts, of course he ought to
have explained; but I did not say that he stood
logically with the distinguished leader of the
House. I understood as I said, that the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts two years ago stood
upon this guarantee clause.
Mr. SUMNER. So I did.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Certainly you did; and
you were told by the distinguished Senator
who introduced this legislation last session
that you stood alone in that. Somebody has
come to you ; who is it?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Mr. President, if the
Senator will persist in these statements in the
face of the Senate and the country, he must
expect to be interrupted and have them denied.
The doctrine of the Senator from Massachu-
setts upon which I made that remark was
found in the resolutions which he offered on
the very first day, I think, of the last Con-
gress; and the doctrine which he there laid
down was that these States had ceased to be
States in fact and had become Territories.
That was the doctrine to which I alluded; it
was a single remark of mine, and it went no
farther than that—simply that I believed that
the Senator stood alone. I will not commit
the offense of saying that I think he stands
alone to-day nrion that doctrine; but I have
heard nobody in the Senate express the same
opinion. The Senator from Indiana says that
the legislation we have since agreed to brings
us to that doctrine. That is an inference, an
argument of his. If he can make it out to his •
own satisfaction I have no objection; but I
repel the idea so far as I am concerned.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Mr. President, ifSen-
ators will now allow me I will go on, and not
again refer to any of these sensitive subjects
that are likely to excite discord among the
gentlemen of the majority.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There will be no sen-
sitiveness so long as the Senator confines him-
self to the facts.
Mr. HENDRICKS. What fact did I not
state? Has not the Senator from Massachu-
setts nodded his head in approval to what I
stated ? I did not state what position the Sen-
ator from Maine occupied. 1 said the Senator
from Massachusetts occupied the ground that
under this guarantee clause Congress had power
of legislation over these States.
Mr. S UM NEIt. The Senator from Indiana
is right; I founded my position on the guar-
antee clause.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Now, Mr. President, I
will not prosecute this matter further. There
can be a special caucus held to settle this par-
ticular question. It is a fight between Mr.
Stevens and his brethren. If he has placed
any of them in the wrong in the church they
can call him to account. It is none of my
business. He says it is outside of the Consti-
tution. He is a bold man. I believe he is
right; and I invoke his great power as a leader
of the House in support of my statement now
made, that I regard tnis entire legislation as out-
side of the Constitution of the United States.
Bnt,sir, my colleague remarked that thearch
traitor of the southern rebellion was at large,
and not hung. Why so? If you have power
to send military commissions down into the
southern States and hang men, why have you
not hung Jeff. Davis long go? What is in the
way of hanging him if he must be hung?
Simply this: that there is a court over which
Chief Justice Chase presides; and there is
another court over which a Mr. Underwood
presides ; and there is a certain Horace Gree-
ley that stands in the way as bailsman. What
have I to do with all this? What has the Pres-
ident to do with it ? If you can send a mil-
itary commission, which the Supreme Court
says has no authority to try a man except in
! time of war and for a military offense ; if you
| can send a military commission down South,
and try men without authority of law and
j against the Constitution, there is no use in
' going through any forms and ceremonies; but
you can justas wellpass alaw at once that Jeff.
Davis shall be hung. There is no difficulty
about it. It can be done. If his presence as
the arch traitor is in the way of establishing
a republican form of government under the
guarantee clause hang him! There is no
. trouble about it in the world! It is one of the
i class of powers clearly defined.
j Now, Air. President, I have but very little
I to say about this particular bill which is before
j the Senate. It is a bill which upon its face
i admits that theconstitutional question is against
! the majority, for it says that the executive de-
partment and the judicial department of the
Government shall not recognize the southern
State governments as State governments. You
say to the judiciary, "These States shall not
be recognized." The Constitution of the Uni-
ted States says that the judicial proceedings
of the several States shall be respected in all
the other States. That is a constitutional pro-
vision ; and yet here yon say that the judicial
department of the Government shall not recog-
nize these States at all; and therefore the
Supreme Court, you think, cannot try any
questions that are likely to arise on your recon-
struction policy.
And this brings me to consider for a minute
the remarkable bill requiring two thirds of the
Supreme Court to concur before an act of Con-
gress can be decided unconstitutional. What
is the effect of that ? In the first place, it gives
an unconstitutional law two thirds of a majority
over the Constitution itself. The question is
whether an act of Congress is the law or whether
the Constitution is the law, and on that ques-
tion you propose to give the Constitution one
chancc and the unconstitutional act of Con-
gress two chances. Then, if my rights in a
ease in the Supreme Court depend upon the
Constitution and your rights depend upon an
act of Congress, three judges can give you a
decision, while I must have six to carry my
case. As has been expressed, a two-pound
weight is put in one end of the scale of justice
and a one-pound weight in the other ; and you
expect this country to approve that, do you?
You expect honest men who are fit to sit on
juries to say that such legislation as that is
right? For a thousand years the courts have
come down with our race on the doctrine that
a majority shall decide; and now, for political
and partisan purposes, because you daro not
trust your legislation to go before that tribunal
which the fathers and the Constitution estab-
lished to settle it, you attempt to strip that
court of the authority and the power with which
the fathers clothed it. It is an admission bold
and patent before the world that your legis-
lation is vicious.
I do not know how far this process of edu-
cation of which my colleague speaks is to go.
I speak of the education that has carried the
majority up to my friend from Massachusetts.
I shall not refer to that further, for I shall be
interrupted if I do ; • but the process of educa-
tion is going on. I said in the Senate, a year
or two ago, that the course of things is this : the
j Senator from Massachusetts steps out boldly,
I declares his doctrine, and thenhe is approached,
and finally he governs. Believing that he is
in the right—I concede that belief to him as a
Senator—his place in this body and before this
country to-day is a very proud one. He was
told somewhat sneeringly two years ago that
among his party friends he stood alone, and
to-day they all stand upon his position. This
is a compliment and indorsement of sagacity
and intelligence that but few men receive in
the course of a public life. But how far is this
education to go? We hear the crack of the
whip. The threat is that '1 if the southern peo-
ple do not acquiesce in this we will give them
a still more terrible penalty." Where is it to
come from? That argument has no weight
with me. A threat to carry this into a still
greater wrong shall not deter me from stand-
ing where my conscience requires me to stand.
If you say that, in case the southern States do
not agree to your propositions you will go
beyond them and still further outrage the right,
the responsibility in all history will be with the
majority that now governs the legislation of
this country. On every side you chide the
southern States because they did not indorse
the proposed fourteenth amendmentto the Con-
stitution. If they have no constitutional gov-
ernments what do you chide them for? If they
have no legal State governments and no legal
Legislatures what railing accusation is this you
bring against them, for they cannot ratify a
constitutional amendment if they have no legal
existence.
My colleague in the course of his speech re-
ferred to a statement made by him in a speech
recently delivered in this city, that the Demo-
crats stood upon the policy of paying for the
slaves of the South. In party warfare, Mr.
President, 1 concede always to the opposite
party the right to define their own positions,
and I take them as truthfully defining their posi-
tions, and I do not ever attribute to the opposite
party political opinions which they disclaim
for themselves. I have no right to do it, and
I say my colleague has no right to attribute to
the great Democracy of this country—a grand
party, a party whose power and intelligence
have had a mighty influence in the past, and
is to wield a great influence in the future of
this country—doctrines and purposes which
that party disclaims for itself. We have a
right to stand where we define our own plat-
form. I think it is a most remarkable thing
that any Republican gentleman should say that
the Democracy are in favor of paying for man-
