862
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January '30,
the country hehss fought to smtain whenever he may
think proper. It is but little moment to mo who thinks
to the contrary, nml least of all those whose records
 re blackened by disloyalty.
S. G. BURBRIDGE,
{Inte^ -\frjor Gentrid I'mted States Army.
Washington", ./'imnary 1s(>8.
Mr. MARSHALL. This card demands some
little notice at my hands. Whether General
Burbridge has resorted to the proper means to
vindicate himself, if injustice was done him, I
leave to himself and his friends to determine.
I have had it read at the desk for a double
purpose. In the first place, as General Bur-
bridge thinks that injustice was done him, I
think it but fair to let his statement in his own
language appear upon the record. He has
certainly let the matter rest a long time before
appearing before the public, and I take it for
granted that be at least has acted in this mattter
with sufficient deliberation. If he had con-
fined himself to vindicating his own record and
character I should have given the matter no
further notice. If in the heat of debate at
any time I should do injustice to any one, sol-
dier or citizen, when I am apprised of that
fact and made conscious that i have done
injustice, it would be the highest gratification
of my life to repair the injury done. Whether
the coarse taken by General Burbridge is the
one that should hare been adopted 1 leave to
the public to determine. What I propose to
say now is merely in justification of myself,
and would be of the same character if the
card read had been anonymous.
Our late civil war, like all great wars, devel-
oped many of the highest virtues and some of
the worst vices of human nature. To the
honor of our Army and our nation be it said,
the great mass of American officers and sol-
diers. by their conduct in the field and in camp
everywhere, showed that they were actuated
by true, loyal, and manly principle. They
were as regardful of the rights of the citizen
and of their duty to unprotected non-combat-
ants as they were brave and gallant in the
deadly conflict. But, sir, in our own, as in all,
wars, it is unfortunately true that there were
often men in the uniform of our armies who
were not governed by these generous princi-
ples, and who, when they succeeded in obtain-
ing a place of power, developed some of the
very worst features of human nature. These
remarks are intended to be general, and not to
be applied at this time to any particular indi-
vidual.
It is the duty of every good citizen to de-
nounce these crimes, even if they are perpe-
trated under the garb of a uniform which the
wearer disgraces; or if they were perpetrated,
as was too often the case, by camp-followers,
contractors, and others, who, under the garb
and in the name of loyalty, undertook to rule
the people and to trample upon their dearest
lights and liberties. The history of the late
war, as of all wars, proves that all that class
of men, whenever any charge is made against
them, too often attempt to screen themselves
from investigation and inquiry by turning upon
those who bring their misconduct to the notice
of the public, and charging them with being in
sympathy with the enemies of their country.
Whether such is the purpose of General Bur-
bridge in the course he has taken I will not
undertake to determine.
But I wish to say that if it is intended in this
card to fix a charge of sympathy with the reb-
els or with their cause upon me, it is utterly and
wholly false; and if General Burbridge had
been acquainted with the facts, he would have
known that the charge or insinuation is with-
out any foundation whatever.
I could, if necessary, bring forward facts
from publications made by myself and abun-
dant evidence to show the position which I oc-
cupied at all times during that fearful conflict
through which we have passed; but I shall not
enter upon a vindication here or elsewhere
until my record is assailed by some one else
than the gentleman whose card has been read.
He has had charges of the gravest character
publicly preferred against him at his own home
by gentlemen, as I am informed, of the high-
est position, personal, social, and official. If
these charges are unjust I certainly hope that
their injustice will be made manifest to the
public, and that he may be fully vindicated
from aspersions that tend to fix such a stain
upon his reputation. But I must say that they
have been made with such gravity and precis-
ion, and by citizens whose names are given to
the public, and General Burbridge has so long
rested under them without demanding an in-
vestigation into his conduct and administra-
tion, that they have made an impression on
my mind approaching a conviction of their
truth.
If I am in error in this it has not been the
result of any desire to do him injustice. If he
has any just cause of complaint it is against
those who have thus publicly and in their own
names, professing to know and be able to estab-
lish the facts, made these charges. And until he
meets themin someproperway athis own home,
and in response to the men who upon their
personal responsibility make the charges and
who profess to know the facts, there cannot
possibly be any issue between him and myself
m regard to this or, indeed, any other subject.
I should, however, always, in justice to myself
and to my own reputation, be not only willing
but anxious to make a correction when con-
vinced that I had by any means been led to do
injustice to any one. If in any discussion I
should have occasion to refer to General Bur-
bridge, or to these charges, I should do so as
to any other historical facts that seemed to be
authenticated, and which had not to my knowl-
edge been properly met "or controverted. It
would certainly not be from any malice or ill-
will against General Burbridge, whom I do
not know personally, and am not likely to
know.
I repeat, Mr. Speaker, that I should exceed-
ingly regret to be instrumental in doing injus-
tice to or in wounding in any way the sensibili-
ties of any true and loyal and manly soldier,
and it would afford me a most sincere pleasure
to be able to make reparation for the injury, if
inadvertently done. It is possible that injus-
tice has been done to General Burbridge in the
grave charges that have been preferred against
him, and for the sake of the reputation of the
country and of the uniform he wore I wish I
could now say that I am satisfied that such is
the case. There is no use attempting to dis-
guise the fact, Mr. Speaker, that there were
men in the Union Army who disgraced the
uniform they wore by acts of gross outrage,
barbarity, and cruelty, not upon disloyalists
merely, but upon Union men aud defenseless
women and children. And the admitted fact
that there were'cruel barbarities perpetrated
by those who were in arms against the Govern-
ment furnishes no excuse whatever for such
enormities. And it is due to the great body
of Union officers'and soldiers, who were true
and loval to the principles of justice and
humanity, that the conduct of the men who
brought reproach upon the Army should be
exposed.
It is only in this way that the noble and gen-
erous soldier can be freed from the stain that
would otherwise tend to tarnish the reputation
of the whole Bbdy and the responsibility be
fixed where it properly belongs. The luster
that gathers around the name of the soldier
who is humane and just to the defenseless
and is generous and magnanimous in the flush
of victory as he is bold and daring in the hour
of danger, cannot be dimmed permanently by
detraction, but will grow brighter and brighter
as it goes down the pathway of history. But
it should never be forgotten that it is by men
of arms alone that the liberties of our country
can ever be menaced or destroyed. It is by
military leaders distinguished in the profession
of arms that the people have been trodden
under foot in all ages. It is the Caesars, the
Cromwells, and Napoleons, who havMnounted
to power over the liberties and laws of their
country. While, therefore, we should embalm
in our hearts the true soldier who is governed
by principles of honor and justice and is ob-
servant of the laws and institutions of his coun-
try, we should hold to a strict accountability
those who, taking advantage of their power
and position, have trampled the laws of their
country under foot and committed crimes
against humanity and civilization. Such meu
cannot escape the verdict of history. The
clouds of error and misrepresentation will
finally be dispersed, and they stand naked
and exposed in their own undisguised deform-
ity. The only way for such men to escape
public scorn is to retire from public observa-
tion, and they should pray for a speedy arrival
of that oblivion which will be their only refuge
from infamy. Whether General Burbridge
belongs to the first or latter class I shall for
the present leave to others to determine.
supreme court.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I ask unanimous consent
to offer the following preamble and resolution:
Whereas it is editorially stated in the Evening
Express, a newspaper published in this city, on tlio
afternoon of Wednesday, January 29, as follows :
"At a private' gathering of gentlemen of both
political parties, one of the justices of the Supreme
Courtspoke very freely concerning the reconstiuc-
tion measures of Congress, and declared in the most
positive terms that all those laws were unconstitu-
tional, and that the court would be sure to pronounce
them so. Some of his friends near him suggested
that it was quite indiscreet to speak so positively;
when he at once repeated his views in a more em-
phatic mnnner:" and whereas several cases under
said reconstruction measures are now pending in the
Supreme Court: Therefore,
Jie it resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary
be directed to inquire into the truth of the declara-
tions therein contained, and report whether the lacts
as ascertained constitute such a misdemeanor in office
as to require this House to present to the Senate
articles of impeachment against said justice of the
Supreme Court; and that the committee have power
to send for persons and papers, and have leave to
report at any tiuie.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to the
reception and consideration of the preamble
and resolution at this time?
Mr. PRUYN. Mr. Speaker 
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Pruyn] object to the intro-
duction of the resolution?
Mr. PRUYN. I do not object, but I desire
to make ai. inquiry.
The SPEAKER. Is there any objection?
There being none the resolution is before the
House.
Mr. PRUYN. I desire to ask the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Scofield] if he him-
self assumes the responsibility of declaring
here that that statement is true ; or whether it
is based simply upon an anonymous newspaper
&i*t icie ^
Mr. SCOFIELD. Of course I do not take
the responsibility of declaring that the allega-
tion is true.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Then I object to the
resolution.
Mr. FAIiNSWORTH. The objection is too
late.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I hope to learn by the
investigation 
Mr. HOLM AN. I rise to a point of order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will state
his point of order.
Mr. I10LMAN. My point of order is that
objection was distinctly made t.o the introduc-
tion of the resolution before the Speaker an-
nounced that it was before the House.
Mr. FARNSWORTII. By whom?
Mr. HOLM AN. By gentlemen on this side
of the House.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. Pruyn] was the only gentleman
who rose at the time the preamble and resolu-
tion were read. The Chair asked him if he
made objection, and he said lie did not, but
wanted to make an inquiry. The Chair again
asked if there was objection, and no response
was made. The Chair then said that the reso-
lution was before the House.
Mr. HOLMAN. I think objection was made
by the gentleman from California, [Mr. John-
son.]
The SPEAKER. The Chair saw the gen-
tleman from California [Mr. Johnson] rise
