864
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 30,
paper than I am, supposes that Judge Field
is tho one alluded to by the editor, I will give
way to him before culling the previous ques-
tion to move to insert the name of that judge.
[ Laughter. ] Then we can have a vote ot' the
House as to whether it will become responsible
tor making a charge against an individual when
this paper has not made it. All 1 am asking
in this resolution is simply an investigation
which may relieve all the judges of the Supremo
Court from this aspersion if they are innocent,
or, if any one of them is guilty, fasten the
charge upon the proper party. 1 now yield U>
the gentleman from Maryland. [Mr. PiiEi.rs,]
not for debate, because the House is evidently
unwilling to have this discussion run on.
Mr. l'HELl'S. Mr. Speaker, as has been
wel 1 sa id this rooming by thegentleman from 111 i-
nois, [Mr. Marshall, j in speaking on another
subject, if one of the results of the late war has
been to develop some of the highest virtues, it
has at the same time called into play many of
the worst traits of human nature. One of the
basest of these, in my judgment, has been a
system of espionage which has been introduced
iuto almost every department of the Govern-
ment. the executive and the legislative. Spies
and informers are abroad in every State and
congressional district in this country. And the
Congress of the United States has already con-
descended, through one of its most important
committees, to be the channel or sluiee-wav for
personal gossip and slanders, calculated to
defame, degrade, and asperse the private char-
acter of the President oftlie United States.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I shall not yield for the
gentleman to make a speech on general poli-
tics. He is consuming all thetime in maligning,
as I understand, the detectives that the Presi-
dent has sent out all over the country to spy
ont the political character of postmasters and
other inferior officers. I wish not to open the
door to allow these general charges to be made
against this Administration. I will now yield
to the gentleman from California if he wishes
to otier his amendment.
Mr. PHELPS. I am very much obliged to
the gentleman from Pennsylvania for his cour-
tesy.
Mr. SCOFIELD. If the gentleman from
California wishes to offer an amendment I
yield to him.
Mr. JOHNSON. I have to thank the gen-
tleman for his courtesy.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I have twice yielded to
the gentleman for debate. If he will offer that
amendment I will yield for it, but if not I will
move the previous question.
Mr. JOHNSON. I want only half a min-
ute for explanation. When thegentleman sent
op his resolution it was general in its terms
and the investigation would have to be general
affecting the whole court. The gentleman from
Maine, [Mr. Blaine,] however, stated that an
article in another newspaper uses the name of
Jndge Field as the party alluded to. It was
apon that that I founded my remark. I do
not want. Judge Field's name put in there.
Mr. BLAINE. With the leave of thegen-
tleman from Pennsylvania. [Mr. 8cofield,] I
desire to interrupt the gentleman from Califor-
nia to say that he stated that if the name were
put in he would vote for the resolution, and he
made that statement before I repeated what
was in the Baltimore paper.
Mr. JOHNSON. I said I would not object
to it, and I will not now.
Mr. BLAINE. Thegentleman, then, must
not base his change of ground on the fact that
I made a certain announcement, because he
took that position before I had the floor.
Mr. JOHNSON. I have made no change
of position.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Everybody now seems to
be in favor of the resolution, and, therefore, I
call the previous question. [Laughter.]
Mr. MUNGKN. I would like to offer an
amendment to the preamble.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I cannot yield for that.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I ask thegentleman to
yield to me for a minute or two?
Mr. SCOFIELD. I think we have had
debate enough.
Mr. ELDllIDGE. I hope the gentleman
will not undertake to press this resolution
through under the previous question. It is a
matter of grave importance, and should not
be acted upon but with deliberation. It is
calculated to cast reproach on the Supreme
Court itself as well as tho individual judges.
I hope that the resolution will not be rushed
through in this laughing, frivolous, and seem-
ingly trifling manner. Such action is dishon-
orable to ourselves ; it is undignified, unbe-
coming, and disgraceful to this House to pass
with a laugh, a sneer, and a jeer n resolution
which casts an imputation of this kind upon
the Supreme Court of the United States. The
character of that high tribunal should not thus
be trilled with. I hope the gentleman will not
press it under the operation of the previous
question.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I suppose the gentleman
from Wisconsin has said all he wished to say,
and I yield now for a moment to the gentle-
man from California, [Mr. IIigby.]
Mr. HIGBY. I suppose it is proper that I
should say a word upon this resolution. I
learn from what has been said here that Judge
Field is the judge to whom this resolution re-
fers. I have been intimately acquainted with
Judge Field during all the years of the rebel-
lion, and I would say, in vindication of his career
through our late troubles, that there was no
truer man to the Union, none more ardent and
more desirous that the rebellion should be sup-
pressed. I do not propose to say anything with
reference to his judicial course, one way or the
other; nor have I anything to say with refer-
ence to the groundwork of this resolution. But
I will say that after what has been said iti the
House this morning, in connection with the
newspaper article referred to, this resolution
ought to pass, and such an investigation as it
proposes should be made. What has trans-
pired here in this matter is a publication to the
whole nation, and investigation should be
desired by every member of the bench if his
character is pure, that it may be rid of even
the suspicion of taint of impurity. I there-
fore favor the resolution, and in my support of
it there is no evidence of want of personal
friendship for Judge Field. I think it is due
to him that it should be adopted for his vindi-
cation from the charge implied in the debate
this morning.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Allow me to say that
neither I nor any gentleman upon this floor that
I have noticed has preferred any charge against
Judge Field. The charge alleged against him
is from a newspaper. I wish the gentleman
from Wisconsin [Mr. Ei.dridge] to knowthat
I am not making the allegation. It is from a
paper that, I believe, is in political sympathy
with himself that the allegation is taken, and
from which I am in hopes by this resolution
to vindicate Justice Field or any other mem-
ber of the Supreme Court to whom that paper
refers. If the paper is correct in this state-
ment we ought to know it. If it has made a
mistakeand thrown out charges or insinuations
against a judge of the Supreme Court then the
papet- ought to know it, and undoubtedly would
be willing to take it back.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Let me say a word in
reply. If the honorable gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Scofiei.d,] upon his responsi-
bility as a member of this House and upon his
own knowledge of facts, had preferred charges
I might then vote for his resolution; but it is
because this resolution is based only upon these
irresponsible statements which are so often
made in the public newspapers, based only
upon mere rumor or conjecture, or invented
for the purpose of creating a sensation or mak-
ing up an item, that I say it is discreditable to
this House, I care not what the political sym-
pathies of the paper are. It may sympathize
with the gentleman's party or with mine. It
is ouly one of the thousand rumors that con-
stantly find their way into, if not their origin
in, the newspapers. At all events, there is no
evidence that this statement referred to in the
resolution is true, or that it is more likely to
be true than they are. It is not entitled to this
consideration from this House. It is unworthy
of ourselves to act upon such rumors. Wo
have seen here this morning a charge made in
a public newspaper against one of our asso-
ciates upon this lloor, which he pronounces to
be false, which would disgrace him if it were
true ; and yet would this House deem it proper
or expedient that we should, upon that news-
paper statement, proceed to appoint a com-
mittee to investigate tho charges contained in
that article against the gentleman from Illi-
nois, [Mr. Maukiiali.,] and take steps to ex-
pel him from this body therefor? Why, sir,
we should have our hands constantly filled if
we were to investigate all the charges made in
the public newspapers not only against mem-
bers of this House, but against all the public
officers ot'the Government.
I say it is unfit, unbecoming our own self-
respect that we should act upon such state-
ments as these in so grave and important a
matter as the impeachment of tho judges of
the Supreme Court. There ought to be some-
thing more, something more generally reliable
and relied upon, to warrant such action. If
the honorable gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Scofield] has knowledge sufficient to
justify hitn in making charges let him make
them on his own responsibility and not ask us
to act upon the idle rumors set afloat by the
correspondents of newspapers, which are so
often traceable to no responsible party or
source.
Mr. SCOFIELD. If I now understand the
gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr. Eliikidge] he
means to say that the paper from which I have
extracted this allegation is so insignificant in
its character and influence in the country that
nothing which it may say is worthy of regard
or notice.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Oh, no; I refer to all
newspapers.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I look upon the matter
somewhat differently. If it had been a news-
paper distant from the capital,' although it
might have had a very large circulation, I
would not have noticed the statement. But
these judges sit here ; the breath of this court
when uttered is the law of the land. This news-
paper is published here. The«conversations
and sayings of these judges are open not only
to editors of newspapers, but to reporters for
newspapers and to everybody else here.
This charge is made here in the very neigh-
borhood where these judges live. It will go
abroad all over the country. To-morrow prob-
ably more than one hundred newspapers will
have this same item in them. And I wish it
to be followed by the announcement that the
House of Representatives are taking steps to
vindicate the reputation of their judges if they
are innocent, and to fix it upon the proper
persons if they are guilty. I now call the pre-
vious question.
Mr. BAKER. Will the gentleman yield to
me for a moment?
Mr. SCOFIELD. I am asked by gentlemen
all about me to yield, and I do not think I can
yield to all.
Mr. BAKER. I want to say a word.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Very well; say it, then.
Mr. BAKER. I desire to say this, first, if
a judge of the Supreme Court, in advance of a
ease pending before tho court, or to come be-
fore the court, shall deliberately and expressly
declare what his opinion will be upon the ques-
tion so pending or to be brought before the
court, of course, in the opinion of every right-
minded person, such conduct would be highly
censurable at the least.
I desire to say, secondly, that the moving of
a resolution involving an inquiry touching im-
peachment before the American Congress,
draws in question before the nation and before
the world the character of the man thus in-
quired of.
I desire to say, thirdly, that in my opinion
a proposition that such an inquest as that now
