1808.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
865
proposed, drawing in question the standing of |j
a judge of the Supreme Court, should bo en- j
teivd upon without anything in the nature of
an allidavit. without anything in the nature of
a persona! statement that ic is true, upon which
to base it, a proposition that may stand at
the cross roads but will not stand in reason.
I shall vote against the resolution.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I call l'or the previous
question.
Tht' previous question was seconded ; there
being—ayes 01, noes 3d.
file main question was ordered, which was
upon agreeing to the preamble and resolution.
Mr. ROBINSON. I move that the preamble
ami resolution be laid on the table.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. ROSS. I rise to a question of order.
One clause of the resolution provides that the
ccmmittee shall liave leave to report at any
time. That, as I understand, involves a sus-
pension of the rules.
The SPEAKER. The resolution came in
by unanimous consent, which suspended all
rules standing in the way of the adoption ot
the resolution.
The question recurred on agreeing to the pre-
amble and resolution.
Mr. ELDRIDGE and Mr. JOHNSON called
for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 97, nays 57, not voting
34 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Anderson, Arnell, Delos
R. Ashley, Bailey, Baldwin, Banks, Beaman, Benja-
min, Bingham, Blaine, Blair, Boutwell, Brooraall,
Buckland. Cake, Churchill, Header W. Clarke, Sid-
ney Clarke, Cobb, Coburn. Cook, Cornell, Covode,
Cullom, Dodge, Donnelly, Driggs, Eckley, Kggleston,
Ela, Ferriss, Ferry, Fields, Garfield. Higby. floorer.
Hopkins. Chester D. Hubbard. Hunter, Ingersoll,
Judd. Julian,Kelley. KeUey, Kitchen, Koontz, Wil-
liam Lawrence, Lincoln, Loan, Logan, Lynch, Mar-
y'n, Maynard. McCarthy. McClurg, Mercur, Moore,
Morrell, Mullins, Myers, iinn, O'Neill, Orth, Paine,
Perham, Peters, Plants, Polsley, Pomeroy,^ Price,
Raum, Sawyer, Schenck, Seofield, Selye, Shanks,
Starkweather, Aaron F. Stevens, 'l'haddous Steveus.
Taffe, John Trimble, Trowbridge, Twichell, Upson,
Van Aernarn, Burt Van Horn, Robert T. Van Horn,
Van \VTyck, Ward. Cadwalader C.'Washburn. Henry
D. Washburn. Wil liam B.Washburn. W elker, Thomas
Williams, William Williams, and Windom—97.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Archer, Axtell, Baker,
Barnes. Beck, Boyer. Cary, Chanler, Eldridge, Eiiot,
Farnsworth, Getz, Glossbrenner, Golladay, Grover,
Height. Harding, Hawkins, Ilolman, Hotchkiss,
Asahel W. Hubbard, Humphrey, Jenckes, Johnson,
Jones, Knott. Laflin, Loughridge, Marshall, Mc-
Cormick, Moorhead. Morgan. Morrissey, Mungen,
Ni black. Nicholson,Phelps, Poland. Pruyn, Randall,
Robinson,Ross, Sitgreaves, Smith, Spalding,Stewart,
Stone, Taber, Taylor, Lawrence S. Trimble, Van
Auken, Van Trump, Elihu B. Washburne, James F.
AVilson, Woodbridge, and Woodward—57.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ames, James M. Ashley,
B.inium, Benton, Bromwell, Brooks, Burr, Butler,
Da*e«.Dixon, Finney. Fox, Gravely. Griswold, Hal-
 ey, Hill, Richard ID. Hubb&rd, Hulburd, Kerr,
JCetcham. George V. Lawrence. Maltory, McCul-
lough, Miller. Neweomb, Pike, Pile, Robertson,
Shellabareer, Stokes, Thomas. John T. Wilson, Ste-
phen F. Wilson, and Wood—34. !
So the preamble and resolution were adopted. :
Mr. SCOFIELD moved to reconsider the
vote just taken ; and also moved that the mo-
tion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
LEGISLATIVE, ETC., APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania, reported
from the Committee on Appropriations, a bill
(H. R. No. 59o) making appropriations for the
legislative, executive, and judicial expense of
the Government for the year ending the 30th
ofJune, 1869; which was read a first and second
time, and on motion of Mr. Stevens, of Penn-
sylvania,recommitted and ordered to be printed.
PRINTING INTERNAL REVENUE REPORTS.
Mr. SCHENCK, by unanimous consent, sub
mitted the following resolution ; which was re-
ferred, under the law, to the Committee on i
Printing: J
Reaoheil, That there be printed six thousand extra
copies of the annual report of the Commissioner of j
Internal Revenue, two thousand for the use of the
House of Representatives, and lour thousand for the ,
use of the office of internal revenue. j
METERS FOR DISTILLED SPIRITS. f
Mr. SCHENCK. I move to take from the '
40th Cong. 2d Shss.—No. 55.
Speaker's table, and consider at the present
time, the amendment of the Senate to joint res- j
olution (ii. i!. Xo. 140) to provide for a com- !
mission to examine and report on meters for
distilled spirits.
The motion was agreed to.
The amendments of the Senate were read as
follows:
On page 1, after the word "be " in line three, in-
sert "in connection with the existing commission of
the Academy oi'Science;'' so as to read :
That a commission to consist of five persons, to be
appointed by the Secretary of the Treasury, isheroby
created, whose duty itsho.ll be, inconneetion withthe
existing commission of the Academy of Science, to
carefully examine all meters, &e.
On tlie same page, strike out the words "fifteenth
of February" in lino eighteen, and insert in lieu
thereof "first of March."
Oil page L\ insert alter the word " of" in line thir-
teen, tho words "such of."
On page 2, before the word " commissioners," in line
thirteen,insert " said."
On page 2, strike out in lines thirteen and four-
teen, the words "who may be thereuudor appointed"
and insert in lieu the words are not now oilieers
of the United States or members of the said Academy;
so that the section will road :
Sec. o. And be it further resolved. That the Secre-
tary of the Treasury is heieby authorized and di-
rected to pay out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated the expenses incident to the
carrying out 01" this joint resolution, and also a rea-
sonable compensation for the services of such of tho
said commissioners as are not now officers of tho
United States or members of the said Academy.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move that the House
concur in the amendments of the Senate.
There are but two amendments which can be
considered at all material. One proposes to
change to the 1st of March the limit of time
within which this duty is to be performed.
That became necessary on account of the de-
lay in the Senate.
The other is, instead of making a commis-
sion of five alone, this commission of five shall
act in connection with the two members of the
national Academy who have been already in-
vestigating this matter. There is some saving
of expense, that those in the employ of the
Government shall not be paid anything. I
move to concur.
The amendments of the Senate were con-
curred in.
Mr. SCHENCK moved to reconsider the
vote by which the Senate amendments were
concurre'd in ; and also moved that the motion
to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
BEPARTMKNT CLERKS, ETC.
Mr. MUNGEN. I ask unanimous consent
to submit the following resolution :
ltesolved by the House of Reprtentatioea, That the
President of the United States be requested to report
to this House at his earliest convenience the number
and names of the persons employed in the several
Departincntsof the Government at Washington city.
District of Columbia, as follows: Departments of
State. Treasury, Interior, Post Office,War, and Navy,
and also in the Government Printing Office; stating
in what capacity they are so employed, the State anu
congressional district Irorn which they come and to
which they are accredited on the appointment-books
of the several Departments.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I object.
That information is contained in the Blue
Book.
Mr. MUNGEN. The gentleman is mis-
taken. The Blue Book does not state the
appointments by congressional districts; and
that is what I want.
rights of american citizens abroad.
The SPEAKER stated the first business in
order in the morning hour was the considera-
tion of House bill No. 584, concerning the
rights of American citizens in foreign States,
on which the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Banks] was entitled to thirty minutes.
Mr. BANKS. Mr. Speaker, the Committee
on Foreign Affairs have instructed me to re-
port several amendments to the bill suggested
in the debate yesterday.
In the first section, line nine, before the
word ''principles" insert "foregoing." In
line ten, same section, strike out the words
'insisted upon and maintained" and insert i
" heretofore asserted." In line sixteen, same
section, after the word "State" insert "or
from any military or naval conscription that
shall have been actually ordered by such
State." In line twenty-one, same sectioi.,
after the word "years" insert "and shall fait
to make report of his property for taxation as
herein provided." So the section will then
read:
That all n ituralized citizens of the United States
while in foreign States shall be entitled to, and shall
receive from this Government, the same protection of
persons anil property that is accorded to native-born
citizens in like situation and circumstances. And the
President is empowered to employ all the resources of
the Government in just efforts to secure the recogni-
tion by other Governments oftho foregoing pi inciples
of public law which have been heretofore asserted by
the Government of tho United States in regard to tho
rights of naturalized citizens: Provided always. That
no citizen of the United States wlio_is guilty of crime
against the laws of any foreign State committed
witnin its jurisdiction; or of desertion from actual
service in tho army or navy of such State, or from
any military or naval conscription that shall h.ivo
been actually ordered by such State; or who shall
have acquired naturalization by misrepresentation
or fraud in regard lo residence or otherwise; or who
by treason or other erimo against the United States
shall have forfeited, or who shall have renounced,
his rights as a citizen; or who shall establish a con-
tinuous residence beyond the limits of the United
States for a term exceeding live years, and shall tail
to make report of his property for taxation as herts.'n
provided, shall ba entitled to theprotectioncontem-
plated by this act.
In section three, line six, strike out the words
" in the United States j" so it will read as fol-
lows :
Sko. 3. And be it further enacted, Thatif any natu-
ralized citizen of the United States shall return to
his native country with intent to resume his domi-
cile therein : or if any citizen shall leave the United
States with the intention of permanent residence in
any foreign State; or shall fail to make annual re-
turn of his property for taxation to the assessor of
internal revenue for the district of the United States
in which said citizen last resided; or shall ongage as
army or navy belligerent iu any foreign war or ser-
vice, such cilizen shall not be entitled to the interpo-
sition of the Government in his behalf under the
provisions of this act.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection
the bill will be modified as the gentleman has
stated.
There was no objection, and it was ordered
accordingly.
Mr. BANKS. I now move to recommit the
bill.
The Chair has informed me that I have thirty
minutes of my time remaining, but I do not
i propose to trespass further at this time. I yield
! ten minutes to the gentleman from Minnesota,
| [Mr. Donnelly,] and twenty minutes to the
\ gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Wood-
! ward.]
| Mr. WARD. I ask the chairman to explain
! what he means by the words "that the Presi-
' dent is empowered to employ all the resources
of the Government."
i Mr. BANKS. That is not a question. It
I will require a speech to explain.
! Mr. WARD. No, sir ; I do not propose to
' make a speech.
j Mr. BANKS. I say it will require from me
| a speech.
' Mr. WARD. I simply desire an explanation
I of the meaning of that portion of the bill. It
; seems to me it confers very great power upon
j the President—the power to declare war.
Mr. BANKS. No, sir, it does not; he has
! never that power.
Mr. JUDD. I desire to propound a ques-
tion to the chairman of the committee.
Mr. DONNELLY. I have but ten minutes,
and I must decline to yield. It is difficult to
condense in ten minutes what I desire to say
in favor of this bill. The importance of the
measure has already been referred to by the
chairman of the committee, as demonstrated
by the fact that it involves the legal status of
three fifths of the entire population of the
United States, the status of twenty-one million
people indirectly, and indirectly the status of
over six million foreign-born citizens of the
United States.
Its necessity is demonstrated by the agitation
which now prevails in our country and in west-
ern Europe upon this subject. It is demon-
strated further by the arrests which are almost
daily taking place of American citizens in the
British islands. In a late instance threo Amer-
