1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
867
that conclusion. And that conclusion rests upon
the fact that we have no declaratory statute upon
the subject. The judicial method of reasoning
oil this subject is very short and very satisfac-
tory. The common law prevails until displaced
by a statute. At common law allegiance is in-
defeasible and perpetual. The legislative de-
partment of our Government having provided
no declaratory statute, the judicial conclusion
is that indefeasible allegiance attaches to the
American citizen.
Now, sir, it is to meet just that condition
of the law of this country that I propose my
amendment. I agree that, so far aa the exec-
utive and the legislative departments of the Gov-
ernment are concerned, the doctrine of expa-
triation has been and is abundantly recognized.
Our whole system of naturalization is founded
upon this doctrine. Our Declaration of Amer-
ican Independence was the first grand natural-
ization act adopted by this country. The war
ot' 1812 was a recognition of the same doctrine.
Every President of the United States down to
our present Chief Executive, who has referred
to the subject in his late message, has urged
this doctrine upon the attention of the country.
I believe the people of the country understand
and receive this doctrine. But, sir, the judi-
ciary of the United States do not receive it;
and when the judiciary of Great Britain have
occasion to deal with this question they rest
themselves upon the conclusion of the judicial
mind of the United States, and the judicial
mind of the United States rests upon the ab-
sence of any such legislative provision as that ,
which I propose. I
I think, therefore, it would be wise if the
friends of this bill would incorporate in it a j
declaration that the American citizen may expa-
triate himself. If he chooses to go to Great
Britain, or to Germany, or to France, or to
any other foreign country, let him go. If it be
thought proper that the declaration of his inten-
tion to expatriate himself be made in this coun-
try, so that we may see that his debts are paid,
that all his obligations to the Government are
discharged, let him be required to file that
declaration of intention with some officer of the
Government. I care nothing about the detailed
manner in which the expatriation may take
place. I am simply maintaining that we can
never expect foreign Governments to recognize
our doctrine of expatriation as practiced by our
executive departments unless we adopt a de-
claratory statute upon this subject.
Now, sir, this doctrine which our executive
department and the people of this country have
recognized throughout our whole history is
nowhere better stated than in some of those
extracts from publicists which the chairman
of the Committee on Foreign Affairs has laid
before us in his report:
"Where the liberty of removal hath been promis-
cuously allowed and the subject settles himself and
his effects under the protection of a foreign State,
the Commonwealth which he left hath no longer any
authority over him."—1'uffendorf, B.S, ch. 11.
" It is a right inherent id all free people to have the
libsrty of removal if they think proper. When a
person becomes a member of a State he dora not
thereby renounce the care of himself and his affairs.
Hemayseek the necessaries and conveniences of life
elsewhere. The subjects of a State cannot be denied
the liberty of settling elsewhere in order to procure
those advantages which they do uot enjoy in their
native country."—Burlemaqui.
These are sufficient statements of the gen-
eral principle upon which this Government,
with the exception of the judicial department,
has treated the subject of expatriation.
In the case of Respublica c,*. Chapman, (1
Dallas, 53) Chief Justice McKean, speaking
of an exchange of Governments, said:
"All the writers agree that none are subjects of the
adopted Government who have not freely assented
to it."
In Alesberry vs. Hawkins, (9 Dana's Re-
ports, Kentucky court of appeals,) in 1839,
expatriation was considered a practical and
fundamental American doctrine, and it was
declared that in the absence of a statute a cit-
izen may in good faith abjure his country, and
that the assent of the Government was to be
presumed and he deemed denationalized.
There, sir, is an instance of a judicial opin-
ion taking the ground that in the absence of
an enabling statute an American citizen may
denationalize himself. But such is not the
general current of the judicial opinions of the
country.
Mr. Speaker, not only has our Government
recognized the right of expatriation but the
English Government, and, indeed, all foreign
Governments have acted upon the same gen-
eral principle of law. During our colonial de-
pendency they discouraged emigration; and one
of the counts in Mr. Jefferson's indictment of
George III was that he has—
" Endeavored to prevent the population of these
States ; for that purpose obstructing the laws for the
naturalization of foreigners, refusing to pass others
to encourage immigration hither, and raisingthe con-
ditions of new appropriations of lands."
These were among the acts that'' defined the
tyrant."
But, sir, since our independence the English
Government has interposed no obstacle to emi-
gration. She might have done so. The judi-
cial writ of ne exeat regno and the army and
navy were quite competentto keep her subjects
at home. But they have not. British ships
bring two or three hundred thousand annually
to onr shores, principally Irish and Germans,
someYVelsh, Norwegians, andSwedes; but the
great contributions to our population have been
from Ireland and Germany, until the descend-
ants of these emigrants form more than half
of all our population.
Mr. BANKS. Between three hundred and
forty and three hundred and fifty thousand last
year.
Mr. WOODWARD. And this emigration
in all probability will increase.
These emigrants, as shown by the report of
the committee, come in the most part in British
\ ships ; so the British Government instead of
hindering them coming here, encourages them
to do so, thus acting upon the principtes of pub-
lic law to which I have alluded ; for the Gov-
ernment of Great Britain knows as well as the
emigrant does when he comes to this country
he comes under our naturalization laws. They
know he is to swear he will renounce all alle-
giance to all foreign princes, potentates, and
Powers whatsoever, and especially to " her
majesty the queen of Great Britain." They
bring them here by thousands to take that oath.
They allow them to become citizens of the Uni-
ted States, and when that is accomplished the
judiciary of Great Britain fall back upon this
doctrine of inalienable allegiance, and cite judi-
i cial decisions of the United States in support
of their imprisonment and execution of Amer-
! ican citizens.
| That is the manner in which the British act
against this subject of expatriation. We de-
sire to induce them—we cannot compel them—
we desire to induce them to recognize the doc-
trine of expatriation as they have practiced it
and as the executive department of our Gov-
ernment has always recognized it. We have
no chance to induce them to do so unless we
set them the example of expatriating our own
citizens.
Lord Stanley declared on a recent occasion
that " Ireland was never so prosperous as now,
nor was she ever more disaffected." That
j she never was more disaffected is probably
1 true, but it is not true that she is prosperous.
Belfast is the only city in Ireland whose pop-
ulation is as large as it was twenty years ago.
My friend from New York [Mr. Robinson]
will correct me if I am wrong. Ireland has
run down from a population of 8,000,000 to
6,764,000, by the census of 1801, and is prob-
ably still less to-day than in 1861. There are
more Irishmen in America than in Ireland.
They would come in throngs if they were not
too poor to come. Nothing but poverty de-
tains them at home.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. HIGBY obtained the floor, but yielded
for ten minutes to Mr. Wilson, of Iowa.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I
have read with interest and profit the elaborate
report of the Committee on Foreign Affairs,
which accompanied the presentation of this bill
to the House. The subject of which it treats
is one of great gravity and high public concern.
It involves issues of mighty consequence to the
Republic and its citizens, and we should be
careful not to evade, avoid, or becloud them
by our present action. The report and bill
confront us not only with a grave question but
also with a very delicate one, which, while we
treat it with firmness, we must at the same
time handle with care. We should neither
deceive ourselves as to the nature of the ground
upon which we place our action nor mislead
those citizens whose demands for a redress of
asserted wrongs have commanded the presence
of the bill before us. We are not now dealing
with a mere question of elections, nor playing
a pleasing game for the votes of naturalized
citizens. Whoever views the present occasion
through such glasses will greatly mistake the
magnitude of the proportions of the subject
with which we are dealing. The stern fact that
we are breasting the current and immemorial
doctrine of most of the nations of the earth
respecting the right of expatriation should
place us on a higher plane of statesmanship
than that which consults merely the present and
transient effects of its action. We cannot play
with this question without assuming risks
for ourselves and imposing danger on the
nation. The former would be folly, and the
latter would be, in a certain sense, a crime.
Our steps, therefore, should be taken with
caution, deliberation, firmness, and a perfect
appreciation of the consequences which attend
them. We may not injudiciously rush upon the
bosses of the bucklers of other nations without
encountering the dangers of war. We may net
trifle with the expectations of our naturalized
citizens without exciting a restless discontent
which may make of them an uncomfortably
disturbing element in the internal policies and
affairs of the nation. Between these two posi-
tive and antagonistic facts we cannot safely
play a role of dissimulation. We must deal
evenhandedly with both, with a perfect under-
standing that danger lies on either hand. A
straight forward dealing with any state of facts
which may confront us is statesmanship; a dis-
simulating manipulation of them is diplomacy.
With the latter we have nothing to do, for we
are legislators. It is our business to declare
what the law and the policy of this nation shall
be, and to do it in terms which may mislead no
one, whether foreign nation or naturalized
citizen.
The great question before us is the- right of
expatriation. Does the bill which we are con-
sidering deal fairly with this question and in
a way not calculated to mislead those of our
citizens who are most directly interested in its
provisions? I am sorry to say that, in my
judgment, it does not, and hence it is that I
desire to direct the attention of the House to
its leading and controlling section.
The first section of the bill provides—
That all'naturalized citizens of the United States
while in foreign States shall be entitled to and shall
receive from this Government the same protection
ofpersons and property that is accorded t o native-born
citizens in like situation and circumstances.
Thus far the section is direct and positive,
and challenges the attention and practice of
every nation from which we have drawn the
foreign element of our population. It is affirm-
ative, aggressive, and boldly American, and
j in these regards commands respect and admi-
! ration. Let this be declared as the policy of
this country, and no one can mistake it. It is
I a grand assault on the miserable feudal doc-
i trine of non-expatriation. It sounds like the
deep swelling tones of a nation whose origin
and growth rest upon the right of expatria-
tion. It is the voice of potential America
riving the policies which assert the perpetual
allegiance of a man to the place of his birth.
It breathes the breath of life into that clause
of the Constitution which declares that "the
Congress shall have power to establish a uni-
form rule of naturalization." It gives vitality
to this constitutional power and elevates our
naturalization laws above the level of cheats
