868
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 30,
and snares. If it stopped here we might rev-
erently worship its directness, boldness, and
justness, and welcome it to its appropriate
place among the statutes of the nation; but it
is destroyed by the next succeeding declara-
tion of the section, * hich provides that—
The President is empowered to employ all the rc-
Bouroesof the Government in just efforts to secure the
recognition by other Governments of the principles
of publio law which have been insisted upon and
maintained by the Government of the United States
in regard to the rights of naturalized citizens.
This is a complete negation and demolition
of the preceding declaration of the section, and
destroys the affirmative and aggressive charac-
ter of the bill. Pass it in this form and we
leave the nation in its present trucks in every
respect. It will have no more effect on the
doctrine of expatriation than the gentlest wave
of the ocean would produce on this continent.
It is no more than a tub thrown to the angry
and spouting whale to arrest his attention and
draw.him away from his point of attack. It is
diplomacy, not legislation. Enact this section
and you do not change the law. or the practice
of this nation io the remotest degree. It will
be a mere declaration that the " principles of
public law which have been insisted upon and
maintained by the Government of the United
States in regard to the rights of naturalized
citizens" shall continue as a rule of conduct
of this Republic.
This involves the very complaint made and
urged by our naturalized citizens upon the atten-
tion of the Government, but it does not change
the law nor the remedy. It leaves them just
where they are now ; for this Government lias
not " insisted upon and maintained" the right
Of expatriation. If we are to do no more than
this we leave the naturalized citizen who may
place himself within the jurisdiction of his
native country in the same position in which
he finds himself now when so circumstanced.
We leave to him all of his present risks and
assume no new responsibilities ourselves. The
pending bill may mislead him ; it certainly will
not accomplish more than this; and it is to be
hoped that he may escape this result. The
complications attending the condition of citi-
zenship by naturalization are abundant now,
and I pray you not to multiply them by enact-
ing the provisions of the first section of this
bill without amendment.
The English doctrine of allegiance is thus
Btated by Blackstone :
" Natural allegiance is such as is due from all men
born within the sovereign dominions immediately
upon their birth ; for,immediately upon their birth,
they are under the protection ofthe Crown, at a. time,
too, when (during infancyjthey are incapable of pro-
tecting themselves. Naturalallegiance is,therefore,
a debt of gratitude which cannot be forfeited, can-
celed, or altered by any change of time, place, or
circumstance, nor by anything but the united con-
currence of the legislature. An Englishman who
romoves to France or to China owes the same alle-
giance to the king of England there as at home, and
twenty years hence as well as now; for it is a principle
of universal lawthat the natural-born subject of one
prince cannot by any act of his own—no, not by swear-
ing allegiance to another pat off or discbarge his
natural allegiance to the former; for this natural
allegiance was intrinsic and primitive and antece-
dent to the other, and cannot be divested without
the concurrent act of that prince to whom it was first
duo."—Vol. I, page 3(38.
This doctrine is unjust, unreasonable, and at
war with the spirit of the present age. But,
notwithstanding this is its character, this Gov-
ernment has not "insisted on and maintained"
an opposite doctrine. There is not to be found
among all of our statutes a single affirmative
challenge to this old feudalism of England.
The implied negation sought to be drawn from
our naturalization laws has no substantial foun-
dation upon which to rest; for England has a
system of naturalization, also. Our judicial
department of Government has in no case
asserted a different rule; and the executive
department has not advanced beyond an attempt
by negotiation to induce foreign States to con-
sent to the adoption of a new rule of public or
international law in this regard. If we turn to
American text writers—to Story, Kent, Rawle,
and others—we are rewarded by a harvest of
the same barren results. Hence, sir, it is not
a matter of surprise to me that the English
Government should quote against us our own ]
practice and precedents; and hence it is that
I object to the first section of this bill. If it
be not amended its enactment will not change
a shade of the coloring which our action ai.d
non-action have given to the great question
with which we are dealing. The section as it
now stands can have nothing but deceptive
fruit, which will turn to bitter ashes on the lips
of our naturalized citizens, and I am sure that
no member of this House desires to reach so
disastrous a result.
I feel confident that the Committee on For-
eign Affairs, through whose chairman this bill
has been reported, have been actuated by a
totally different purpose. They undoubtedly
mean to assert in its broadest sense the right
of expatriation; and lam assured that they
will cheerfully assent to an amendment of the
first section, which will eliminate from it every
vestige of our past observance of the indefensi-
ble feudal doctrine of indefeasible allegiance.
Indeed, they have already proposed such a
modification of this bill. Those persons who
come to our jurisdiction from foreign States
and, complying with our laws, acquire citizen-
ship should find the shield of this Republic as
firmly held for their defense as it is for those
who are born upon our soil; and, sir, I do not
doubt that this great and just doctrine is the
exact objective point at which the Committee
on Foreign Affairs are aiming. The English-
man, Irishman, Frenchman, German, Swede,
Dane, Russian, or member of any other nation-
ality who, by naturalization in pursuance of
our laws, becomes an American citizen should
feel and know, by force of our positive law,
that the act of naturalization is equivalent to
an American birth ; and that wherever he may
thereafter go the flag of the Republic envel-
ops him as completely as it does the person
of him who first saw the light of heaven in an
American home. This is the result which
I desire to reach, and I will not willingly as-
sent to anything which stops short of it. It
ought to be declared as the American doc-
trine, and good faith and honor command us
to assert it.
The past shortcomings of our Government
should nerve us to the high demands of the
present occasion. If we have been remiss
in the past we should cause the present to
compensate the future for the remissness of
governmental action. With whatever faults the
p:-.8t conduct of this Government may be
charged, let us by our present action make full
atonement. It is high time that feudalism
were driven from our shores and eliminated
from our law, and now is the time to de-
clare it.
Mr. Speaker, I regret that the rules of the
House under which we are now acting will not
allow me to enter upon a more elaborate discus-
sion of the questions with which this bill treats.
An enforcement of my views by a review of
the legislative, executive, and judicial depart-
ments of this Government would have been
agreeable to me, however unprofitable it may
have been to the House. I accept the situa-
tion and close my remarks with an expression
of a hope that our action upon the momentous
questions involved in this bill may be such as
will result in a thorough reversal of the past
action of our Government and in a legislative
declaration which cannot be misunderstood by
foreign Governments or misinterpreted by that
portion of our population who have become
citizens by naturalization.
Mr. IIIGBY. I now yield to the gentleman
from Missouri ten minutes.
Mr. PILE. Mr. Speaker, I had hoped from
the length of time that the Committee on For-
eign Affairs was engaged in preparing this bill
and bringing it before the House t hat we would
have had a well-considered and carefully-pre-
pared measure, setting forth clearly in a declara-
tory statute the American doctrine of the right
of expatriation, and providing adequate rem-
edies for the evils complained of so justly by our
naturalized citizens. I am sorry to confess my
disappointment. I fear that the bill, as :t now
stands, will simply—
"Keep the word of promise to our ear,
And break it to our hope."
I fear that, as was eloquently and forcibly
stated by the gentleman from Iowa, [Mr. Wil-
son,] it will be destitute of any practical effect
in changing the policy and action of our Gov-
ernment, and will only subject us to the derision
and contempt of the Governments of Europe.
I cannot in the brief time allowed me dis-
cuss the general principles that I think are
involved in this question of the rights of natu-
ralized citizens and the doctrine of expatriation.
In fact a discussion of the right of expatriation
would hardly be in order, because no such
doctrine is contained in the bill except by in-
ference and indirection. I hope the bill will
be recommitted to the committee with instruc-
tions, or that the previous question will be voted
down, so that it may be open to amendment.
I agree with what the gentleman from Iowa
[Mr. Wilson] has said with regard to the
extreme delicacy as well as great importance
of this measure. No measure has ever been
before this or any other Congress in the history
of this country "that has been looked for with
more solicitation and anxiety than this. As
was well said by the chairman of the commit-
tee, more than three fifths of the population of
this country are interested directly or remotely
in the question of expatriation and the rights
of naturalized citizens.
We are a nation of immigrants ; we or our
ancestors have all cotne from the older coun-
tries of Europe, and this question involves the
interests of almost every family, every house-
hold, and every individual thronglioutthe length
and breadth of the land; and I am certain that
this anxiety and solicitude will be satisfied with
nothing less than a distinct statutory declara-
tion of the right of any citizen of this or any
other Government to remove from the territory
and renounce his allegiance to the Government
where he was born; nor do I think they ought
to be satisfied with anything less than this. We
cannot ask European Governments to concede
this right in the case of their citizens who come
to this country and acquire naturalization un-
less we in explicit terms concede the same right
to citizens born in this country. It is not suf-
ficient to say that the Government has practi-
cally made this concession by failingto attempt
the enforcement of theopposite doctrine. Other
Governments have failed for years to enforce
the doctrine of perpetual allegiance, because
their interest did not demand it; yet when Iheir
interest did demand it—as in the case of Prus-
sia in her late war—they have asserted this doc-
trine and arrested and impressed citizens of
this country into their military service. Then,
as was clearly stated by the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Woodward,] we need just
such a declaratory statute to guide and control
the decisions of our own courts who have been
holding to the old feudal doctrine because we
have no such statute, notwithstanding the oc-
casional assertion of the right of expatriation
by the executive department of the Govern-
ment.
I think, sir, the time has come for the settle-
ment at once and forever of this whole ques-
tion. If we set forth explicitly this doctrine
of the right of expatriation, and apply it to our
own as well as all other countries, and use due
efforts and diligence through the proper chan-
nel to secure its recognition by the Govern-
ments of Europe, we shall soon have this vexed
question removed from our diplomatic corre-
spondence and our relations to foreign Govern-
ments. This can be done in 110 other way.
The question is squarely before us, and we
cannot evade it by any such half-way measure
as this bill. If we meet it fully and fairly,
and secure its adjustment upon the exalted
principle that governments are made for man
and not man for the governments—that the
rights of the citizen are paramount and gov-
ernments are only useful when tliev protect
and foster these rights, thus reversing the old
dogma of monarchical governments—human-
