870
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 30,
SOUTHERN LANS GRANTS.
The House then resumed the consideration
of the bill (H. R. No. 2t>7) to declare forfeited j
to the United States certain lands granted to :
aid in the construction of railroads in the
States of Alabama, Mississippi, and Florida,
and for other purposes ; upon which Mr. Kel-
lky was entitled to the floor.
Mr. DRIGGS. Will the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Kelley] yield to me for
five minutes?
Mr. KELLEY. I will do so.
Mr. DRIGGS. I wish merely to call the
attention of the House to some remarks that
fell from the gentleman from Indiana [Mr.
Cobcrn] yesterday, in reference to certain land
grants for railroads, &c., in the upper penin-
sula of my State. After various reflections
upon the policy of granting public lands to aid
in the construction of railroads and other im-
pro vemen ts, he said, in relation to certain grants
made to the State of Michigan—
"I know n remarkable instance in which the com-
pany engaged in constructing the Sault Ste. Marie
canal, a powerful moneyed corporation, controlling
seven hundred and 1ifty thousand acres of land lo-
cated in the copper mine region, have been able to
vntlihold that laud from settlement and keep it a
wilderness."
The gentleman also said that the Portage
Lake Ship-Canal Company had taken from the
market a large body of lands, which they were
withholding from settlement and cultivation.
Now, Mr. Speaker, when the gentleman re- i
marked that the grant for the construction of
the Sault Ste. Marie canal had resulted in keep-
ing that country a wilderness, I think he spoke
without proper reflection or without a suffi-
cient acquaintance with the facts. Sir, the
first steamer that ever disturbed the waters of
Lake Superior passed from the lower lake
beyond the rapids of the Sault Ste. Marie's river
to that lake by means of a railway built for
that purpose in 18-30, before which time only
two or three small schooners constituted the
entire fleet of vessels on that immense inland
sea. But, insignificant as they were, they were
ample for all the demands of trade and com-
merce carried on before the canal was built.
After the completion of this great national
work, built, as before stated, at a cost of
§1,2-30,000, emigration commenced flowing
into that comparatively unknown region, till
now it is a common thing to see seventy or
eighty steam and sailing vessels lying at the
port of Marquette alone, waiting their turn to
load with iron-ore. From this place nearly
half a million tons of this valuable national
production are shipped annually, and lines of
splendid steamers are running regularly to the
different ports of this lake from Buffalo, Cleve-
land, Detroit, Chicago, and Milwaukee.
This is the kind of wilderness this grant has
created in northern Michigan—a wilderness
of business and energy unparalleled anywhere.
Nearly one hundred millions of capital are in-
vested in the production of copper, (which,
however, will be ruined without protection,)
and yet the gentleman tells the House and the
country that this grant—the best in its results
ever made by this or any other country—has
kept the upper peninsula of Michigan a wilder-
ness. And he tells you that he knows this com-
pany has kept the lands out of market and from
settlement and cultivation. Now, Mr. Speaker,
let rue tell the gentleman that he speaks, to
say the least of it, very carelessly. The lands
never have been kept out of market since the
company has had the right to sell them. They
have always been anxious to sell, and if the
gentleman or any one else wants to purchase
any of these lands, and there are any left undis-
posed of, I am confident he will find the gen-
tlemanly agent, Mr. George Frost, of Detroit,
anxious to accommodate him. Did the gen-
tleman not know that this company put up all
the remaining unsold lands at auction three
years ago and disposed of them to the high-
est bidder? If he does not I will tell him it
is true. I will tell him more; that had it not
been for this very grant, and some others less
important, Lake Superior region would have
been a real wilderness instead of what it is.
In 1850 a grant of seven hundred and fifty
thousand acres of land was made to aid that
enterprise. The gentleman says that that land
was selected in the Lake Superior mining re-
gion. In this statement the gentleman is also
incorrect. Only a small portion of that land
was selected in the upper peninsula of Michi-
gan ; much thehirger portion of it was selected
in the lower peninsula.
Mr. Speaker, the upper peninsula now has
a population of about forty thousand. Prior
to the passage of the act making that grant
the population was less than five thousand.
Hence the gentleman from Indiana is under a
great misapprehension when be says that that
land grant has resulted in keeping that country
a wilderness. It was a wilderness before the
grant was made, and would have been so still
but for the grant. The gentleman, 1 suppose,
will acknowledge that I should know some-
thing as to the effects of those grants on that
country. There are already in that region three
towns, each containing about five thousand in-
habitants. The people of the upper peninsula
are asking to have that portion of Michigan
erected into a separate State. This request is
in consequence of the rapid increase of popula-
tion secured by these improvements. I would
like to speak at greater length on this subject;
but I will not encroach further upon the cour-
tesy of the gentleman from Pennsylvania.
Mr. KELLEY. Mr. Speaker, we now re-
sume the consideration of the bill to declare
the forfeiture of certain lands granted to aid
in the construction of railroads in the States of
Alabama, Mississippi, Louisiana, and Florida.
I rise to sustain that bill, and to express at the
same time, not only a willingness that it should
be amended, but the hope that it will be amended
as proposed by the gentleman from Tennessee
[Mr. Ar.vell] and the gentleman from Mis-
souri, [Mr. Pile.] In other words, I trust that
the bill will pass the House, but that the grants
made in aid of the Nashville and Decatur road
and the Alabama and Tennessee river road
will be excepted from its operation.
I believe, sir, that this bill proposes a well-
advised measure for promoting the material
reconstruction of the South by opening up
nearly five million acres of its choicest lands,
which are now sequestered and unavailable
to the Government or the people of those
States or of the country at large. The oppo-
nents of the bill find, I think, the best and
most concise expression of their views in the
language of the gentleman from California,
[Mr. Axtell.] He says:
"This bill is one of confiscation, of pains and pen-
alities, though under the specious plea that these
lands are necessary for the freedmen of the South—
for the poor loyal men of the South."
Between these views and those which I hold
there is a world-wide difference ; and I think 1
can demonstrate that mine are correct.
That gentlemen on the other side of the
House should hold the views expressed by the
gentleman from California and vote as he pro-
poses to does not surprise me; but that gentle-
men on this side of the House should accept
and proclaim the same doctrine and vote to
keep these fertile lands from use and occupa-
tion is to me a matter of profound astonish-
ment.
In whom is the title to these lands ? The
gentleman calls the bill a bill of "confisca-
tion." Confiscation is the appropriation of
private property in punishment of offenses,
and no clause of this bill proposes anything
of that kind.
The title to this land in qnestion is to-day
and now in the United States Government, by
forfeiture incurred by the efflux of time, by the
lapse of ten years in which the railroads in aid
of which it was granted were to be constructed.
This was the condition upon which it was
granted to the States for the use of eft-tain
railroad companies, and it has been forfeited
by the failure to comply with this condition.
The Government cannot confiscate that which
is its own, and no gentleman on this floor can
assert the theory that the title to any part
of these lands is anywhere else than in the
Government. It is, therefore, not a subject
for confiscation. The railroad companies to
whose use it was conditionally set apart have
no right nor shadow of right to a single acre
thereof. They must obtain a new grant before
they can use any part of it. It is simply so
much of the public domain of the country.
It is sequestered and useless, because in re-
spect to a conditional grant it was not sub-
jected to the homestead law while the con-
dition might possibly be complied with. So
careful has Congress been of these conditional
rights that it has refrained from opening these
lands to settlement until the full ten years
should have passed. And this bill, instead of
confiscating property and inflicting pains and
penalties, simply proposes to declare a for-
feiture which has occurred, and to open the
forfeited lands to actual settlers, and delay in
its passage will do nothing but prevent the use
for corporate, individual, or State advantage
of the choicest unseated lands of four of the
largest States.
The gentleman from Maine, [Mr. Blaine,]
in assigning the reasons why he would deny
freedmen or poor white men of Louisiana,
Alabama, Florida, or Mississippi of the advant-
age of our homestead law, said :
" There is no hope for the growth of cotton and
grains down South on the part of tho loyal men there
unless Ave furnish them with the magnificent facili-
ties for transportation to market afiorded by these
very lines of railroad. It is, therelore, a ruinous
policy to strip those railroads at this time. The in-
terest of tho country demands their speedy comple-
tion."
The gentleman speaks as though these com-
panies had organized and been engaged in con-
structing roads. It is not so. The original
grantees did not. mean te build roads. The
time for building roads through these lands
had not come when the grants were made.
This magnificent grant was made to corpora-
tors who did not expect to construct roads,
but meant to hold the grants for seven, eight,
or nine years during which the lands would, by
the energy and enterprise of others, increase in
value immensely, and then to sell them to those
who would construct the roads provided for in
the act. This remark does not apply to the
roads named in the amendments of the gen-
tlemen from Tennessee and Missouri; but as
to all the rest it is true.
The grants were made in 18-56. Thegrantees
were the leading rebels of the several States,
and the grants were obtained when they wero
preparing to dismember theUnion if a Repub-
lican President should be elected; and if
Fremont had been declared elected the war
of 1801 would have been the war of 1857.
The shrewd men who then represented the
South contrived this arrangement that they,
in their corporate capacity, might possess the
magnificent heritage to which this bill refers.
Five million of the choicest acres in the Gulf
States is indeed a broad and goodly heritage.
Sir, railroads are not the preeminent need
of those States at this time. Their through
lines are completed and there is no business to
sustain or maintain them. What they need is
population and fields made productive by the
requited labor of man to give patronage to rail-
roads. In May last I traveled through Ala-
bama, Mississippi, and Louisiana, three of the
States named in this bill, always in mail and
express trains, and found that two cars were
always a superabundance. Two cars made each
train, one for white and one for colored pas-
sengers, and I think that over four fifths, I
might say nine tenths, of the space I traveled,
the whole number of passengers, if put into
one car, would not have averaged more than
one passenger to a seat. What these States
want is, I repeat, people—people who will own
the land, build homes, and cultivate the fields.
The people in those States are in no condition
to construct new roads, even were Congress
really to renew these forfeited grants.
The contest over this bill is a struggle be-
tween rebel land speculators and the loyal
people of the South, white and black, who beg
