1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
871
Congress to give them land upon which they
may gather their families and build homes
under the law and the flag of the country for
which they have been ready to die. It is a
question again, Mr. Speaker, between labor
and capital; and if we pass this bill we will
complete the enfranchisement of the laboring
people of the South and open broad, fertile,
and sunny fields to the laborers of the North.
And if we fail to pass it. every laboring man
in the North will have the right to say to the
majority in this House: "You, Republicans,
who claim to be the friends of equal rights,
in our hour of suffering, when thousands of
the most industrious of us are without em-
ployment, shut us out from five million acres
of tortile land available for homesteads and
give it to the wealthiest rebels of the South."
If gentlemen feel that they can bear this re-
proach, honestly, truly, and fairly made against
them, let them vote to refuse to apply the
southern homestead law to those five million
acres.
Mr. BLAINE. Will the gentleman allow
me a word of interruption?
Mr. KELLEY. Yes, sir.
Mr. BLAINE. I think they will stand it as
long as there are forty-six million acres open
for homestead settlement in the same States.
Mr. KELLEY. The gentleman is throwing
sand, not dust, in the eyes of the people.
Mr. BLAINE. Not sand, but shot. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. KELLEY. The gentleman has not trav-
eled in Florida. Lord Bacon had a maxim
that " sand has always its roots in clay ; and
there be no veins of sand in great depth within
the earth." But he had not seen Florida; he
was as ignorant of its formation as is the gentle- j
man from Maine. The seventeen million acres \
open to settlement in Florida do not contain |
a forty-acre homestead of arable land. It ig
sand, sand, sand, deep as the bottom of the
ocean, proving that there is an exception to
Bacon's maxim as there is to every general
rule. Peninsular Florida is a mere bed of
sand washed out by the ocean and left there,
and the gentleman, with his hardy eastern
energy, could not pluck from forty acres of it
enough to maintain his little family. Were he
to attempt to live there he would be driven to
the semi-barbarous means of support—the rifle
and the fishing line.
Mr. MUNGEN. Will the gentleman allow
a single question ?
Mr. KELLEY. Yes, sir.
Mr. MUNGEN. If the State of Florida be
the arid region the gentleman portrays it, was
it not very unkind in General Howard to try to
persuade some of the freedmen to go and settle
there?
Mr. KELLEY. He did not attempt to in-
duce them to settle in that American-Arabian
desert. Along the banks of the river, in the
neighborhood of St. Augustine, and at Key
West, and some fewotherpoints, therearesmall
districts of orange and cotton land. Again, in
northern Florida there are the piney-woods,
unfit for culture, but which northern energy will
some day bring into use in building up Ameri-
can commerce; but the great peninsula of Flor-
ida, wherein lie the seventeen million acres, the
freedom to settle which the gentleman from
Maine [Mr. Blaine] flaunts in the eyes of
northern laborers, are incapable of cultivation;
and to these General Howard has invited the
attention of no settler. When I suggested to
Governor Marvin, within a week past, that they
resembled the scrub-pine lands of New Jersey
and that marl and mack would bring them into
use, he said:
" No, there is clay nnderNew Jersey, and the marl
and muck find their way to that, and by deep plow-
ing render the soil productive; but in Florida there
is no substratum. No well can bo dug or made. It
must and will, through countless centuries, remain
an arid waste."
Sir, that part of Florida is not the place
for a workingman to go to, hoping to find a
productive homestead. The land-grabbers of
Florida knew this in I860, and took all the
arable land of the State under the act to which
this bill refers.
Mr. ELIOT. Will the gentleman yield for
a moment? *
Mr. KELLEY. Yes, sir.
Mr. ELIOT. I was induced to ask my
friend to yield for the purpose of saying in
this connection a word in reference to these
lands, suggested by the remark made yester-
day by the gentleman from Michigan, [Mr.
Bi.air,] to whose speech I listened with a
great deal of pleasure. The same point was
also made by the gentleman from Maine, [Mr.
Blaine,] to wit, that there are millions of
acres of land which are now open to homestead
settlement, and therefore this bill is not needed.
Reference was also just now made to it by the
gentleman who interrupted my friend to call
his attention to the recommendation which
came at one time from General Howard.
Now, in that connection I want to say that it
has been found impossible for the freedmen to
obtain the rights which they believed they
were entitled to as regards the land in Florida,
to which I suppose allusion was made. I have
in my hand a letter which was referred to me
some little time ago, calling attention to the
fact that in 1866 or 1867 more than one hun-
dred entries were made of homesteads at
Pilatka, in the State of Florida, in behalf of
freedmen, upon lands which belonged, as it
was believed, to the Government. Entries
were made, proper certificates were taken, and
upon application made by the landowners there
to the Department here in Washington, orders
were sent to the register there to prevent any
further entries; the consequence of which was
not only that the freedmen were refused per-
mission to avail themselves of the law which
we had passed, but those freedmen for whom
entries had been made and who were in pos-
session were driven from their lands and are
now waiting for the passage of this or some
such law to enable them to find homes wherein
to plant themselves and their families.
Mr. KELLEY resumed the floor.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Willthe gentleman allow
me a moment?
Mr. KELLEY. I do not care to give my
whole hour away. It is made up of moments.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I only want a moment.
Mr. KELLEY. For a question?
Mr. BENJAMIN. For a remark in con-
nection with what the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Eliot] has said.
Mr. KELLEY. I shall come to that by and
by, I guess, myself. I am ready to yield for a
question only.
When interrupted, Mr. Speaker, I was dis-
cussing another point, but will recur to the con-
dition of the southern railroads. At the time
of my visit to the South the fare for through
tickets from Memphis to the Gulf was at the
rate of eight cents per mile and way passengers
were paying ten and twelve cents per mile.
The gentleman from California told us that
" railroads were the poor man's roads, the rail-
road car the poor man's carriage." I agree
with him; as a general rule it is so ; in all well
governed and fully populated countries it is so.
But the condition of the South was peculiar ;
its controlling institution was peculiar; and
general laws do not apply to the condition of
the southern people. Sir, I find, for instance,
in the Public Ledger, of Philadelphia, of yes-
day, which is not a sensational paper, not one
given to radicalism, this announcement:
" The wages of farm labor are not extravagant in
the South at the present time. At Petersburg, Vir-
ginia, the highest rate of wages does not exceed
eight dollars per month, while in South Carolina it
ranges from five to six dollars. Any number of la-
borers may be had at these prices, and they are glad
to accept the offer."
I ask whether laborers receiving the munif-
icent reward of five dollars a month can travel
much in " the poor man's carriage " at the rate
of ten or twelve cents a mile? No, sir ; rail-
road cars have not been and are not the poor
man's carriages in the Sonth. They are aristo-
cratic institutions for the privileged classes.
But if you will open these lands to settlement,
if you will convert each forty acres into a farm,
owned and occupied by a freeman and his fam-
ily, you will so improve the condition of the
poor men of the South that they may travel
and give such business to existing railroads as
will enable their managers to bring the rates
of fare within the means of the mass of the
people. *
But, Mr. Speaker, let me show ho*> these
lands will be used if granted anew—-not if not
taken from, but if granted anew—to these
speculative corporators? I ask the Clerk to
read the resolutions of a convention of the
planters of Louisiana recently held at Cheney-
ville, in that State. They show exactly how
the poor men of the South are to be enabled
to enjoy the poor man's carriage—the railroad
car. 1 ask the special attention of gentlemen
to those resolutions, which I find iu the New
Orleans Tribune, and to remark that they havo
the sanction of the Christian church of Louis-
iana.
The Clerk read as follows:
Resolutions adopted, at the great convention of planter*
at Cheneyville.
The following preamble and resolutions were ro-
Bortcd by tho committee, Messrs. R. L. Tanner, E.
ennett, T. P. Frith, G. B. Marshall, W. M. Ewell,
J. H. Marsh, and Andrew Jacksou, and unanimously
adopted by the meeting:
Whereas practical experience has taught us that
it is imperatively necessary to change the systems
promiscuously adopted heretofore in the hiring of
labor for planting, and to act upon some uniform
rule; whereas heavy wages, light crops, reduced
prices of our productions, enhanced value of supplies
for planting purposes, and onerous taxation, have
exhausted our available funds and impaired our
credit; and whereas we find it impracticable to man-
age and control the labor of freedmen in such man-
ner as to make the employment of them profitable
or remunerative: Therefore,
1. Be it resolved,. That we deprecato the plan by
some adopted of hiring laborers by giving them any
share whatever in the crops, and that we will not
do it.
2. Resolved, That we disapprove also of the system
of paying them their full monthly dues (when hired
, by the month) at the end of each month, and that as
the employers are compelled to wait until the crops
are gathered and sold for the fruits and rewards of
their year's toil, expense, and risk, we believe the
laborer should be required to do the same. Vf e think
a small advance for clothing, medicines, &c., all that
can reasonably be demanded or safely made.
3. Resolved, That the price of labor should and must
be regulated by the value of the staple production;
that, as cotton is depreciated in value, the price of
labor must be correspondingly reduced.
4. Resolved, That we will omploy no laborer for any
planting purposes after the expiration of this year
nor for the coming year who does not exhibit a cer-
tificate of good conduct from his former employer,
showing that he had complied with his contract of
hire, ke., and that where laborers merit such a cer-
tificate we pledge ourselves to give it unasked.
5. Resolved, That as many of the freedmen have
organised themselves in political clubs, and by their
general demeanor on the plantation and at the bal-
lot-box discover a manifest opposition to tho peace
of society and the quiet enjoyment of our rights of
property, advocating the confiscation of our lands
while tliey are employed by us, wc will nut hence-
forth hire such as we know to have been guilty of
such inimical conduct nor rent them our lands on
any terms.
0. Resolved, That we will equally refrain from rent-
ing them to white persons who will hire such persons,
our object being to offer a reward to such freedmen as
are well disposed to the good order of society, and to
purge the county of such as by their conduct exhibit
a hostile purpose to our interest and seem bent on
engendering strife among us.
7. Resolved, That we view the organization of the
colored popul ation in political clubs as being entirely
inimical to our interests, peace, and agricultural pros-
perity, inasmuch as it calls the laborers from the dis-
charge of their duties, incites insubordination to the
reasonable andnecessary authority of employers, thus
causing the crops to be neglected, while expensescon-
tinue to run.
8. Resolved, Thatastheprescntlaborofthecountry
cannot be relied on for prosperous agricultural pur-
poses, and consequently can promise no development
of wealth, we are in favor of encouraging foreign
emigration by all the means at our command. That
we will leaso husbandmen our lands for a period of
 years at very moderate rates, and that tho
sober, honest laboring classes of Europe be, and they
are hereby, invited to come and occupy them.
9. Resolved, That this invitation bo advertised in
two daily papers in New Orleans, two in Philadel-
phia, and two in New York city for a period of two
months.
Resolved, That the editors of the Louisiana Demo-
crat and the Marksville Villager be, and they are
hereby, requested to publish these proceedings.
Resolved, That this convention be adjourned to
Monday, 18th of the present month; and that it bo
convened on that day in this place.
Resolved, That th$ thanks of the convention bt
