1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
873
less and homeless, as poor almost as when
born into tho world, rich in nothing save only
in loyalty to the Republic, in the heritage of
freedom, and, as a general rule, in love-to God
and man. A large proportion of the white
population of these States, and especially that
portion of it loyal to the nation, is equally
landless and destitute. Through privation and
peril many of them stood by the flag, and they
now implore us to open up to them homes
where by honest industry they may find the
means of subsistence.
An act of Congress, approved June 21,
1860, authorizes every head of a family or per-
son of twenty-one years of age, or any person
having served in the Army or Navy, to enter,
occupy, and receive a patent for eighty acres
of the public lands, without pay, in the States
of Alabama, Mississippi, Louisiana, and Flor-
ida. (United States Laws, p. 67.)
And now, Mr. Speaker, with these facts be-
fore us, and in this condition of things, the bill
we are now considering declares, first—
"That all the public lands in the States of Ala-
bama. Mississippi, Louisiana, and Florida, which
were granted to said States in the year 1S56 to aid
them in the construction of railroads therein, and
which have not been lawfully disposed of by the Uni-
ted States, said grants, having now expired by lim-
itation, are hereby declared forfeited to tho United
States
And, second, That said lands so reverting,
about five million acres—
"Shall henceforward be subject to homestead entry
and settlement under the act of Congress approved
June 21, lSo<5, for the disposal of the public lands for
homestead actual settlement in said States precisely
as are other public lands therein under said act,"
Mr. Speaker, I need not discuss at any con-
siderable length the question whether these
lands have reverted to the United States. A
reference to the laws in connection with the
undisputed fact of the failure to complete the
railroads is all that is necessary.
And now, sir, the legal and moral right of
the nation to the absolute ownership and en-
tire control of these undisposed of lands is
perfect and beyond dispute.
That they are to be disposed of in some
form by national authority is agreed on all
hands, and I suppose only three modes are
contemplated. The lands may be either made
subject to homestead entry and settlement or
by reviving the original grant they may be
restored to the States or railroad compauies,
or they may be made subject to private entry
and sale at the price fixed by law.
The time was when the sale of the public
lands was looked to as a source of revenue.
To some extent this policy yet prevails, though
it has been interfered with by grants in aid of
railroads, by issuing State agricultural college
scrip, and by the wise, humane, and just policy
of our homestead laws. But the Committee
on Public Lands propose soon to report a bill
which, if passed into a law, will withdraw from
sale all the public lands and leave them open
to entry without cost to actual settlers under
the homestead laws. This will prevent the
further monopoly by private persons of the
public domain. It will secure free homesteads
to every citizen coming within the law. It will
arrest that monopoly which enables the capi-
talist to realize large prices and heavy profits
from actual settlers—a system by which he
taxes their industry for years, and diverts the
products of their labor from the improvement
of homesteads, to enhance accumulated wealth.
It will encourage the settlement of the public
lands and remove honest laborers from the
position of dependent employes or lessees to
that of independent farmers, secure in the pos-
session and happiness of homes.
It will give new employment to architects,
artisans, and mechanics, and make new de-
mands for every product of industry. It will
add to the resources of the country and bring
upon the tax-list new wealth, increasing our
revenues a hundred fold more than the paltry
revenues arising from the sales of lands. It
will relieve labor of unjust exactions. It will
encourage and multiply marriages by giving
homes to the cnergetic young men of the land.
It will increase our population, add to their
social and material comforts, give strength and
durability to the nation, contentment, happi-
ness, and virtue, in every form, to the people.
It will abandon a policy which is robbery, as
every system is which denies "to the children
of men " the right to occupy and live upon the
virgin soil. We are told, upon high authority,
that—
"The heaven, even tho heavens, arc the Lord's; but
the earth hath he given to tho children of men."—
Psalms, chapter 115, v. 16.
But, whether such a bill as that to which I
have referred shall be enacted into a law or
not, the lands covered by expired railroad
grants will never again be opened for sale by
the nation. They will either be granted to ex-
isting or newly created railroad companies or
be made subject to homestead entries or be
disposed of for both these purposes.
If compelled to choose between these modes
I cannot hesitate as to what is duty, expedi-
ency, or right. The homestead policy is one
founded on the immutable laws of justice, and
is productive of incalculable benefits to the
whole people, to morality, and to the nation.
It needs no eulogy, no defense. Nations may
have the physical power to deprive their citi-
zens of the privilege of locating homes on the
unoccupied and uncultivated public domain,
but I deny the moral right to do so.
When the Almighty gave life to His children
He gave them the inherent right to possess
enough of unoccupied earth to secure the
means of preserving it. When He ordained
that man should earn his bread by the sweat
of his brow He enacted that nations should
not exclude the "children of men" from that
privilege. The nation that does so robs God's
poor of a heritage He created for them.
But independently of the question of abso-
lute right, of duty, which is the first and high-
est consideration, the interest of the nation
and of all our citizens demands of us to open
j these lands to homestead entry and settlement.
I A large proportion of the people of theSouth,
white and black, are landless, homeless, poor,
with no means of living but their strong arms;
and in their present condition they are incap-
able of contributing to the public Treasury or
of aiding public or private enterprises of any
character. They must either be secured in
homes or doomed to the condition of depend-
ent laborers or of lessees, giving their sweat
and toil to landlords, who may be humane or
exacting, as their inclination or interest may
dictate.
Sir, I have none of that narrow prejudice
which sometimes prevails against those who
"provide for their own households." It is a
duty by honest industry to acquire the means
of being useful. And it is because I would
place it within the power of all men to do this
that I favor this bill. I would open up to the
honest and industrious poor of the South not
merely the opportunity to labor or become les-
sees, but also the privilege to acquire homes.
The great curse of the South has been the une-
qual distribution of wealth, and especially the
monopoly of lands, in the hands of a few, to
the exclusion of the many. If the public lands
of the southern States remain open to sale or
are granted to railroad companies they will
continue to be monopolized by the wealthy
few. Six million people, white and black, and
their posterity, will be doomed to eternal servi-
tude and poverty.
The fate of Ireland and her struggling and
downtrodden people will be written all over
our own southern States. If we adopt this
policy we may expect to witness in the future
more than a Fenian revolt, for justice will
not sleep in quiet repose while wrong and out-
rage are abroad among the millions. The only
road to prosperity and peace is in universal
justice.
The gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Julian]
during this debate presented to the House a
letter from an intelligent and reliable gentle-
man in the South who describes.the difficulties
under which the poor men of that region are
now laboring. He says:
" It is the northern capitalist as well as the south-
ern planter that the poor freedman has to contend
against now. Under the present contract system ho
is in a worso condition, in many instances, than when
in slavery. He gets fitteen dollars a month and ono
ration of five pounds of pork and ono peck of tneal
per week. Tho planter sells him the food for his
family, and at tho end of the year tho freedman is
in debt. And I assure you it is not only the rebel
planter that does this but also the pretended lie-
publican that comes here and rents the plantation.
Working under the auspices of the Bureau of Refu-
gees, Freedmcn, and Abandoned Lands, (out with-
out pay,) I have spent a year's time and about three
thousand dollars in efforts to get freedtnen upon
homesteads. I am free to say that the greatest and
most effective opposition that I have met with has
been in part from professed Union men and tlioso
interested, directly or indirectly, in tho plantation
interests, politicians," &c.
One of the departments in the recent Pari3
Exposition was allotted
"For the exhibition of whatever was intended to
illustrate the present status of the laboring classes
of the different countries represented."
Among the deliberate conclusions arrived at
l y collating the evidence thus procured are,
that
" The productiveness of labor increases everywhere
in the exact measure of the amelioration of the cir-
cumstances of the laborers. Property is attained
everywhere by the same means. For some years
capital and labor have entered into more and moro
intimate relations, and the result is a prosperity rest-
j ing on tho surest foundation, namely, the perfect har-
mony of tho two agents that bring it about. The
evidence before us establishes in the clearest manner
the truth that the pecuniary success of an industrial
enterprise is in the exact ratio of the participation of
the working people in its profits. The more the latter
are interested in the profits of his labor the greater
is the relative production and gain."
If this be true in the relation of employer
and employ^, of landlord and tenant, it is
equally true, and has greater force, in its appli-
cation to productive industry when the laborer
tills his own soil and reaps all the rewards of
his own industry.
Adopt the policy of this bill and our land
will be blessed with a population of whom it
may be truly said—
" Industrious habits in each bosom reign,
And industry begets a love of gain."
And every citizen secure in the enjoyment
of a home will learn
"To venerate himself aa man."
Our policy should be to take care of the
interests of labor and of men.
"Ill fares the land, to hastening ills a prey.
Where wealth accumulates and men decay;
Princes and lords may flourish or may fade;
A breath can make them, as a breath has made;
Bui [the laboring men,] thoir country's pride,
When once destroyed, can never be supplied."
It was because I favored the interests of the
laborer, and would elevate and honor him, that
I advocated the wisdom of the "eight hour
law," and voted for a bill to establish it.
But the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr.
Arnell] has caused to be read a statement of
the Commissioner of the General Land Office
that on the 30th of June last the
" Public land remaining undisposed of and subject
to homestead entry in tho States of Alabama, Missis-
sippi, Louisiana, Arkansas, and Florida was as fol-
lows, namely: in Alabama, 6,915,000 acres; Missis-
sippi, 4,t'30.000 acres; Louisiana, 6,5S2,000 acres; Ar-
kansas, 11,757,000 acres; and Florida, 17,540,000 acres.
There are no public lands of the United States in
Texas."
The inference he would have us draw from
this is that there is now an abundance of pub-
lic lands subject to homestead entry to meet
all demands, and that it is not therefore neces-
sary to open up any more.
Sir, it seems to me, the answer to this is
both plain and conclusive.
The well-informed chairman of the Com-
mittee on Public Lands [Mr. Julian] tells us
that nearly all of the public domain in these
States now subject to homestead entry is either
barren mountains or so inaccessible to settle-
ments as to be undesirable for present occu-
pancy. The lands covered by these railroad
grants are generally of a superior quality in the
vicinity of streams, and in every way desirable
for homesteads.
