880
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 31,
Yersatiou is out of order. House bill No. 439
is before the Senate. The Senator from New
Hampshire can move to postpone it if he sees
lit.
Mr. HOWE. If my friend from New Hamp-
shire will indulge me. 1 will explain how 1 am
circumstanced. 1 am onlv a tenant of the
floor by sufferance: L own it by permission of
my fiiend from Iowa, the chairman of the
Committee oil the District of Columbia. Of
right, 1 suppose, it belongs to him, and it is
given to me for a specific jwrpose ; and I can-
not, in justice to him and to the committee
here present, five it up without his conseut.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire.
Will the Senator from Iowa give his consent
to let us go on with this bill until we can com-
plete it?
Mr. HARLAN. 1 would most gladly oblige
the Senator; but his bill, in my opinion, can-
not pass in a few minutes. I desire to sub-
mit au amendment to it myself, and I feel
that the bills under the charge of the Commit-
tee on the District of Columbia are quite as
important as this one. Under other circum-
stances I would be very happy to accommodate
the Senator.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There is
no motion before the Senate. The Senator
from Wisconsin is entitled to the floor.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. HOWE. I will give way for a few
minutes to the morning business.
Mr. MORGAN presented resolutions of the
common council or' the city of Rochester. New
York, in favor of protecting and defending
citizens of the United States, both native and
naturalized, which were referred to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations.
He also presented a petition of Jeremiah
Ca.-hart, praying an extension of his patent
for certain improvements in reed musical in-
struments. such as melodeons, seraphinas, par-
lor organs, itc., and that Congress contirm
the reissued patent of August 18, 18-37 ; which
was referred to the Committee on Patents and
the Patent Office.
Mr. THAYER presented a petition of citi-
zens of the District of Columbia, praying
equal rights with other citizens of the United
States, and that they be allowed a representa-
tive or delegate in Congress, and that all
officers be elected by ballot of the legal voters
of the District; which was referred to the
Committee on the District of Columbia.
He also presented a petition of'citizens of
Nebraska, praying the establishment of a mail
route from Brownsville to Lincoln City in that
State ; which was referred to the Committee
on Post Offices and Post Roads.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. HOWARD, from the Committee on the
Pacific Railroad, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 1-59) relating to the Western Pacific
railroad, reported it with an amendment.
Mr. GRIMES, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to whom the subject was referred, re-
ported a bill (S. No. 307 j for the relief of cer-
tain Government contractors ; which was read,
and passed to a second reading.
Mr. RAMSEY, from the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads, to whom was referred
the joint resolution (H. R. No. 104) authoriz-
ing the transmission through the mails, free of
postage, of certain certificates by the adjutant
general of New Hampshire, reported it with
an amendment.
IIKIRS OF D. I.. CLINCH.
Mr. DAVIS, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom the papers in the case were referred,
reported a bill (S. No. 308) for the relief of
the heirs of the late General Duncan L. Clinch,
deceased.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I hope that bill will
be taken up at once.
Mr. DAVIS. I desire very much to have it
considered.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think there will be no
dispute about it. It is unanimously reported
r by the Committee on Claims, and it is very i
important to the parlies interested that itr
should be taken up ami acted upon. It will
take but a moment, and 1 hope my friend from
Wi.-consin, who is the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Claims, will make no objection.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Nothing
can be done except bv unanimous consent,
inasmuch as there is other business pending.
If there be no objection the bill may be con-
sidered.
Mr. POMEROY. I did not understand who
reported the bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is reported from the
Committee on Claims, a unanimous report.
'The bill was read three times and passed.
It proposes to appropriate Slo.OOO to Major
General Anderson, in trust for Mrs. Eliza B.
Anderson, daughter and heir-at-law of the late
General Duucaii L. Clinch, being in liquida-
tion and full satisfaction of all claims upon the
United States tor the use and occupation of
lands and premises of General Clinch by the
Government and the destruction of his prop-
erty by Indians and troops, in the State of
Florida, during the period of the Seminole war
in 1835 and 1836.
ADJOURNMENT TO MONDAY.
On motion of Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, it
was
Ordered, That when the Senate adjourn to-day, it
be to meet on Monday next.
SENATOR FROM MARYLAND.
,! Mr. JOHNSON. With the consent of the
Senator from Wisconsin, who is entitled to the
lloor, 1 rise to give notice that i will ask the
Senate on Monday next to take up the case of
my colleague-elect; and I hope they will agree
that the debate which is now going on shall be
suspended until that case is disposed of.
RELATIONS WITH BHITISU AMERICA. I
Mr. RAMSEY submitted the following reso-
lution, to be substituted for one submitted by
him on the IHh of December, 1867 ; which
was ordered to lie on the table, and be printed :
llesotved, That the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions is hereby directed to inquiro into the expedi-
ency of a treaty between the United States and tlio
Dominionot Canada, whicnshall contain the tollow-
lug provisions: |
First. That a duty of five per cent, ad valorem shall i
be imposed upon all importations Irorn Canada to t tie
United States, or lroiu the United States to Canada,
being the exclusive production or manufacture ol the
respective countries. [
, Second. That the excise duties of the United States ;
and of Canada shall be assimilated by concurrent !
1 legislation. 1
Thud. That the navigation of the great lakes and
of the canals and channel of the St. Lawrcnce river
and its tributaries shall be forever tree and open to
citizens ot the United States and Canada.
Fourth. That Canadian vessels in American ports
shall be entitled to all the privileges of American
vessels in Canadian ports.
Fifth. That the tishenes of the Atlantic coast shall
be tree to the citizens of both countries.
Sixth. That a common system of laws regulating
copyrights, patent-rights, and rated of postage, shall
j be extended over both countries.
I Seventh. That Canada, with the consent of Great
' Britain, shall cede to the United States the districts
i of North America west of longitude 90° on conditions
| following, namely:
1. The United States will pay $6,000,000 to the
Hudson Bay Company in fulldischarge ot allpossess-
ory rights and of all claims to territory or jurisdic-
tion in North America, whether founded on the char-
ter of the company or any law, treaty, or usage.
; 2. The United States will assume the public debt
of British Columbia, not exceeding the sum of
$2,000,000.
I 3. To aid the construction of a railroad from the
' western extremity ot Lake Superior to Pugct sound
I the United States, in addition to the grant of land
} heretofore made, will guaranty dividends ot five per
cent, upon thestock of the Northern l'acilic il.iilroad
Company: I'rovitled. That the amount ol stock guar-
antied as aforesaid shall not exceed $20,000 per mile,
and Congress shal 1 regulate the securities for advances
on account thereof.
4. The northwest territory shall bo divided and or-
ganized into Territories of the United States not less
than three in number, with all rights and privileges
of the citizens and govern mcntot Montana Territory,
j so far as the same can be made applicable.
| SUPPLEMENTARY RECONSTRUCTION BILL.
! The Senate resumed the consideration of the
I bill (II. R. No. 4:!9) additional and supplenient-
; ary, to an act entitled "An act to provide for
I the more efficient government of the rebel
States," passed March 2, 1807, and to the acts
supplementary thereto, the pending question
being on the motion of Mr. Dooi.itti.e to refer
the bill with instructions to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President, I do not rise
to pursue this debate under the conviction that
there is more that need to be said or done. ]
do not feel that the Republican cause or the
Republican party needs other defense than it
has already received ; nor do I feel that the foe
by which we are confronted really needs further
pursuit or furtherpunishment. When the great
chiefs of the Republican party who have pre-
ceded me in this debate have sheathed their
swords there may be found indeed dead bodies
to hack ; Falstaff found such on the plain near
Shrewsbury, I believe ; but there is not likely
to be found any living enemy to strike.
It is not my fault that I appear so late in the
field. I would have been glad to have been
here earlier, and I have been half inclined to
feel aggrieved that the reserves were kept back
so long. It will be remembered that the gage
of battle has been thrown down here by one
who is my colleague. In some sort and to
some extent he and myself are wont to repre-
sent the same constituency, and when our voices
nre heard outside of the Senate Chamber they
are more apt to be listened to by the same con-
stituency, and in some sort I have felt as though
I had a special property in him. What little
political character I have I fancy I have achieved
to a great extent by being unlike him and by
going the way he did not. On the political seas
he has been a sort of beacon light, telling mo
that where he stood there were shifting currents
and dangerous shoals; and I am not sure but
that I have acquired some credit for sagacity
in avoiding those neighborhoods. But since
my friend from Indiana, [Mr. Morton,] and
my frieiul from New Jersey, [Mr. Frelino-
hcysen,] and the other friends who have pre-
ceded me in this debate, have dropped their
plummets into every foot of the surrounding
waters, and have published an accurate chart
of his surroundings, I do not see any further
credit that I can get in that direction. Never-
theless, I think the door ought not to be shut
against me by those who have got to the feast
earlier thar 1. I am not really selfish. I shall
not begrudge iny friends a taste of the dainty
for which they evidently have so keen a relish
if they will give me a chance now, because,
really, since this gage of battle has been dropped
by my colleague, there are a large number of
people in the State he and I represent who
i would not easily forgive me if I did not offer to
I pick it up.
j And so, Mr. President, I shall proceed to
examine, perhaps at some length, the mani-
festo he has issued on this occasion ; and I
am inclined to think I shall confine my re-
marks mainly to that paper, notwithstanding
j the invitation which the honorable Senator
from Indiana [Mr. Hendricks] gave us yes-
terday to divert our attention for a lime from
my colleague to himself. There aregood rea-
sons, I think, why we should not accept the in-
vitation. In the first place, the issues they all
argue are the same. There are but two points
that any one of them dares to make against the
Republican party. The one is that we offer
suffrage to men who are not exactly white ; the
other is, that in doing this we violate either
the Constitution or, what is worse in their esti-
mation, the "Lincoln and Johnson policy."
All that the honorable Senator from Indiana
has said or can say upon these questions wo
have been in the habit of meeting and replying
to year after year for years. In the issue be-
tween ourselves and that portion of the Amer-
ican people which he represents we have already
secured verdict after verdict. Why pursue the
controversy further with him or with them?
Here is a new recruit appearing in ihe (ield,
not a private manifestly, but a generalissimo
of the allied armies. He sounds the advance ;
he opens the engagement; he leads the forces ;
and it becomes a matter of considerable inter-
est to see what this new apostle has to say of
