1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
881
these mutters, since lie makes these things the 1
jircsext tor deserting the party with which he
hii< vlone duty tor years, and going over to that
paity which he has opposed tor years.
Mr. President, the very opening of my col-
league's remarks w*s startling. He said :
"Mr. President, therein more involved in this meas-
ure than in any other, nil others, perhaps. I see in
it a complete overthrow of the Constitution in ten
States of the Union. I see in it a practical dissolu-
tion of the Union. I see a republic in form, at
least, still remaining north ot the Potomac. 1 see an
empire rising south of it. I see in it the realization
of the wildest dream of Calhoun'—a dual Executive
—a President to execute the laws in the Republic of
the North; a military dictator, independent of the
President, to make as well as execute laws in the
negro empire of the South."
Considered in the light of a parliamentary
attack. L do not know of anything more direct
or fiercer than that, except the one which is
attributed, I believe, to Sir Boyle Iloche in the
Irish Parliament. " Mr. Speaker," said ho,
'•I smell a rat: I see him floating in the air;
but, by the blessing of God, I will nip him in
the bud." [Laughter.] '• I see in this bill a
complete overthrow of the Constitution in ten
States," says my colleague ; "a practical dis-
solution of the Union; a republic on one side
of tiie Potomac and an empire on the other; a
dual Executive, and Calhoun's wildest dream."
If, in addition to all this, my colleague had dis-
covered the yellow fever and the Asiatic cholera
in the bill I should have been iucliued to think
it objectionable. [Laughter.]
Sir, I have not discovered any of these things
in this piece of paper. I have not discovered
anything much that I like, but I have not dis-
covered any thiug that is as bad as my colleague
represents. I .see in it an act; I have read it
through; I am inclined to think that it is either
a wise or an unwise one, and that it will be, if
passed, either valid or invalid; and whether
it fills one of these descriptions or the other,
whether it answers to one of these character-
istics or the other, it is not the first, one of the
kind, for Congress has passed bills both wise
and unwise, and has enacted bills which were
valid and bills which were invalid. It is not
an original thing; whether it be an enormity
or not, it is not the first one of its species which
has passed through these Houses.
Mr. President, I ask my friends of the oppo-
sition to meet this and all measures upon their
merits. If we propose measures which are
unwise or invalid let them tell us so and let
them point it out; but I do not see or concede
the propriety of their standing here and ob-
structing, or attempting to obstruct, legislation
simply by giving bad and odious names to the
bills which are brought here.
But these illusions which my colleague seems
to suffer under, are not only variegated but
they seem to be shifting. In a few sentences
after those I have quoted hepresents the ques-
tion in this form:
"Mr. President, the question presented in tho in-
structions proposed by me is whether Congress is still
resolved to subject toe Wfcite people of the southern
(States to the dominatio* of tb« negro race at the
fxjiot of the bayonet, or whether Congress, in d$fer-
en 'e to the recently expressed will of the American
people, will nowso far modifytheir policy asto leave
the governments in those States in the hands of the
white raee and of the more civilized portion of the
blocks T"
And almost in the same breath he states the
question thus:
" Strip it of all useless verbiage and specious argu-
ments about sustaining loyal men and punishing
rebels, it is nothing more or less than this: shall the
General of the Army put tho negro in power over the
white race in all the States of the South and keep
him there."
Tliis last idea is repeated over and over again
throughout that long speech. The one tiling
he seemed to be certain of was that we were
aiming to establish the domination of the black
race over the white race. Again he says:
"Bat if Congress will insist upon its suicidal meas-
ures, if Congress is still determined to establish those
governments upon negro supremacy, then chaos
comes again; a war of races is inevitable at the
South."
Again he says:
"But. sir, why press this negro supremacyoverthe
whites?"
40th Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 56.
And again:
"But, sir, suppose the statement be true that the
negroes are loy;> 1 and the whites disloyal in heart,
have we even then tho ristht to degrade the whites in
vassalage to the negroes?"
Mr. President, an assertion affirmed so often
should have some foundation in fact. I am
sorry my colleague is not here, for I dislike
very much to comment upon his remarks in
his absence, but he knew that I intended to
address the Senate this afternoon. I know of
no public speaker anywhere who appeals more
frequently or with more apparent earnestness
to his Creator to attest the sincerity of his
utterances than my colleague ; and yet, if he
were here, I should like to ask him if he ex-
pects his Creator or his created fellows to
credit his sincerity when he stands here to tell
the Senate that their effort is to subject the
white race to the domination of the blacks?
Has any divinity informed my colleague that
the blood which courses in our veins is not as
pure as that which flows in his? Does he
know that its tides do not visit our hearts as
often or come to the surface with as healthy a
throb? Sir, when my colleague stands here
to iterate and reiterate & charge as offensive
to us as it is to truth ; when, because we will
, not prove false to the plainest dictates of an
honest humanity, he charges us with the foul
crime of treason to our race; when he stands
here to vaunt himself the champion of the
Caucasian race, I want to see his commission.
I Must remind him that it remains to be seen
whether the Caucasian race will accept him
either as its champion or its servitor.
But, sir, how is the fact? What do we pro-
pose? Simply to invest with the right of suf-
frage the colored men in those southern com-
munities who have so lately been in rebellion
against the authority of the United States.
" The very head and front of our offending
Hath this extent, no more."
Are our friends in the Opposition prepared
to explain to us now just how putting the bal-
lot into" the hands of both white and black is
going to subjugate the white to the authority
of the black—reduce the white to vassalage?
If by this commandment we clothed a larger
number of colored men with suffrage than
there were of the whites, and if the colored
men were ambitious of reducing their white
fellow-citizens to vassalage to them, were ac-
tuated by any such bad and damnable ambition
as has filled the breasts of their white fellow-
citizens, then there might be a danger that this
domination would be the result of our legisla-
tion; but neither the one thing nor the other
is true. Have you ever heard of a purpose on
the part of any colored people God ever per-
mitted to stand on this footstool to reduce to
vassalage any other people? Do you know of
any colored man who asks for anything but the
right to exist and to work, and such political
privileges as will secure those rights to him?
But whatever may be their desires, their
i appetites, or their ambitions, we do not pro-
' pose to put the ballot into the hands of a col-
, ored race numerically greater than the whites
1 by whom they are surrounded. There were
in those ten States, so called, in 1800, a white
population of 4,022,281 and a colored popula-
tion of 3,340,861. Perhaps, if we were ad-
dressing the constituency of Mr. Nasby, we
might explain how the ballot in the hands of
three million and a quarter would reduce to
vassalage four and a half millions ; but since
we are talking to the Senate I suppose that
effort will not be ventured upon.
But it is said that this showing of the popu-
lation in 1800 does not represent truly the con-
dition of parties there now. It is said that the
retu'rns of the boards of registration actually
show a majority, not in each one, but an ag-
gregate majority of colored voters in those ten
communities. The fact is so; there is no de-
nying it. It results from one of two causes:
not because the colored population is greater
, than the white population there, for it is not;
but it happens either because we have excluded
from the right oT registration so large a per* .
centage of the white population as to reduce
it to a minority, or because, having the right
still to register, they refuse to register. That
we have excluded some from the riglitof regis-
tration is undeniable. That many who have
the right to register refuse to register, I take it
no man here will deny. How much the one
or the other cause has operated to produce the
existing state of things shown by the returns
of the board of registration I will not under-
take to say; but I will furnish to the Senate a
few data from which, I think, a pretty correct
conclusion can be drawn.
In the States of Alabama, Florida, Georgia,
Louisiana, Mississippi, Texas, Virginia, and
North Carolina the boards of registration re-
turned 550,088 white voters. In the same States,
in 1860, 657,038 white men vo'ed. The num-
ber of whites registered in 1807 was morethun
100,000 less than the number who voted in
1800. How will you explain it? They have had
a war there which has resulted in the destruc-
tion of some life; we do not know how much ;
and some now living have been excluded from
registration. That is conceded. But, sir, both
these causes have operated equally upon the
population of each one of those States. Now,
I wish to compare the State of North Caro-
lina, where we understand the hostility to this
registration is less violent and bitter than in
either of the other communities, with the ex-
hibit made by the other communities. The
number of whites registered in North Carolina
was 103,000. The number who voted in North
Carolina in 1800 was 96,230. Taking North
Carolina from the other States, and you find
that there were 447.088 only registered in the
other States in 1867 and 560,808 voted in 1860.
In other words, the number of whites regis-
tered in North Carolina in 1867 was a little
more than seven per cent, greater than the
number of whites who voted in 1860. The
number of whites registered in the other States
in 1867 was a little less than twenty-three per
cent, less than the number who voted in those
States in 1860. If North Carolina, therefore,
be a true indication of what, is the real result
both of the war and of your exclusion from
registration, then it shows that in these other
States there are fully thirty per cent, of the
population who refuse to register. Nobody
registered in North Carolina who is dead or
who is excluded from registration. There is
no immigration into North Carolina that I have
heard of exceeding that into the other States;
indeed, my understanding is that there has
been much less to North Carolina than to the
other States; and I know of no single cause
which would have operated to produce a more
favorable exhibit in North Carolina than we had
a right to expect from the other -communities.
Mr. President, I conclude that tbe reason
why we have a majority of colored voters re-
gistered in those communities is not because
we have denied the right of registration there,
but because so large a portion of their popu-
lation have refused to register; and under
such teachings as I am about to submit to you
do you wonder that men have refused to regis-
ter? I desire to read a couple of extracts from
a Vicksburg newspaper. It is a high author-
ity, because I understand it is edited by the
identical Mr. McCardle who has come for-
ward to vindicate the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States in the courts of the nation. One
of these extracts was issued just before a re-
cent election, and the other just after. The
first is headed—
"Stay away from the polls.
"We again urge every decent white man, every
honorable gentleman of the Caucasian race"—
Hp has heard something about the Caucasian
race—
"to avoid General Ord's election as he would avoid
pestilence and a prison. As this advice does not
apply to and is not intended for the white snakes of
the Loyal League, we shall expect the last-named
despicable vermin out in all their strength.
And more to the same effect. The next extract
is headed—
• " The Immortal Fight.
"We are gratified to be ablo to announce to the*
readers of the Tiaies that at the court-house yester-
