882
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 31,
day- the only place open to tke whole people, there
■were cast the votes of eight peoplo only! We tried to
get. the names of the interesting sneaks wlio voted,
but 1'mled, though the Times offise was and is ready
to pay a dollar tor the name of eaeli voter. We shall
publish the names of the.^e voters if we can obtain
them, and some day we shall; but if wo do not we
shall with pride chronicle the fact in the heroic city
of Vicksburg, the gallant Sarasossa of the South,
there wero only eight cowards, doss, and scoundrels
of the iloygatt and JleKee stripe."
Mr. President, when such sentiments as
those are published through organs which sell
to the people and are read by the people,
it is not surprising that you find the number
of your registered voters largely reduced.
Sir, we have done nothing, Tve propose to
do nothing, to secure the domination of the
black race over the white. I have confessed
that we propose to confer suffrage upon the
black people there. Why do we seek to con-
fer suffrage upon them ? My colleague has
assigned of himself three reasons for this
proposition of ours, and lie has proceeded to
answer them. I shall notice his effort at their
refutation, not because he has assigned, in my
judgment, the true reasons, but I want to see
how an American Senator answers the reasons
that lie sets up himself. He assigns these
reasons to be as follows:
"First. Because the States of the South rejected
the constitutional amendment submitted by Con-
gress ;
"Second. Because the negroes are loyal and the
whites disloyal; and,
"Third. Because it will secure party ascendency."
Proceeding to refute the first reason, he argues
that we ought not to have expected or to have
asked those .southern constituencies to accept
the constitutional amendment. He urges this
upon several grounds. I shall cite but one of
them, and that simply to show what beautiful
sentiments my colleague can issue from his
lips and how remorselessly lie can crucify them
in his life. lie says they ought not to have
accepted that constitutional amendment, be-
cause it disfranchised so large a portion of their
people. His language is as follows:
"I can understand how one may say in argument
that the leaders should bo disirauchised. But how
any man of common sense or common manhood could
ever suppose it possible for the people of the South
to vote todisfranchisemen esteemed by them as equal
to, if not better than, themselves, for an offense of
which they themselves were equally guilty, is beyond
tny comprehension. You ask the southern people to
betray tuemen whom they trust." * * * *
" You ask them to strike with a serpent's tooth the
bosom of a friend. But until human nature shall
cease to be what, God has made it. honorable men,
to save themselves, to save even their lives, would
not incur the guilt of such unnatural treachery by
voting tor such a provision."
Sir, need I tell the Senate or the Senator
these two things: first, that that constitutional
amendment, which he says they ought not to
have adopted because it disfranchises some of
their friends, did not disfranchise nor propose
to disfranchise anybody. It proposed to ex-
clude a small portion of the people of those
States—-just those whom my colleague, I sup-
pose, would include within the designation of
" radicals," and, of course, the most offensive
men that could be found there—from the right
to hold office, and not from the right to vote.
And it it had proposed to exclude them from
the franchise would tny colleague have been
justified in saying that honorable men could
not, to save their lives, vote for it? He says
we asked them to strike with a serpent's fang
the bosoms of their friends. What is my col-
league doing here? These men to whom we
ofler the suffrage—to whom we will give it, or
we will prosecute the effort to the end of our
lives—these men are his friends, or they were
during the struggle. It is into their bosoms
he is asked to strike with what he calls a ser-
pent's tooth ; and I never saw him exhibit
greater, alacrity to do a particular thing than
he has exhibited to do that. How could we
tell that those southern gentlemen were so
mu6h more honorable than he shows himself
to be ? How could we know that they would
not, to save their lives and to reinstate their
people in the prerogatives of States, vote to
, disfranchise a few of their friends as r&dily
as my colleague will vote and struggle to
disfranchise all who were his friends in the
South?
He proceeds to refute the second reason, like
the first assigned by himself. The second rea-
son which he puts in our mouths is that tlie
negroes were loyal and the whites disloyal.
Now, how do you suppose he undertakes to rp-
futethat? By pleading the general issue to both
statements ; by denying both the loyalty of the
blacks and the disloyalty of the whites. He
stands here in the Senate Chamber, with the
commission of an American Senator in his
pocket, to prosecute those black men upon a
charge of disloyalty and high treason. And
who were they ? Chattels, in the eye of the
law; things; property; who never had known
from theiryoutli up any more a will of their own
than the horses and the mules by whose sides
they were worked ; men who from their child-
hood had known but one law, and that was the
law which compelled them to obey their masters
and their owners. They are the men whom
my colleague stands here to prosecute upon
the charge of high treason ; and at the same
time he denies the disloyalty of the white race
about them.
He asserts that the majority of them were
loyal. I will not read his language; but he
argues that they were dragooned into the cause
of the rebellion by the minority; the "Rad-
icals," I suppose, he would have it. He finds
it quite within the reach of his charity to
blot out the offense of that proud Caucasian
majority in the South, because of the fVfc-ce
brought to bear upon them by the "Radical"
minority ; he finds that the Caucasian majority
were overawed and overcome, and they cannot
be held guilty of disloyalty; but that these
chattels, these things, these black men, who
never knew any olher duly but to obey, must
be held to the full responsibility of men for
the first time in their lives for doing just what
all the laws they had ever heard of commanded
them to do ! That is the logic of the Senator,
not dropped in the heat of unconsidered de-
bate; it was considered; it was deliberated
upon ; it was uttered here to the Senate as the
result of his deliberate convictions in a speech
which was heralded to the press as to be the
greatest of his life.
But, speaking to this same point, my col-
league says further that if the whites were dis-
loyal we ought to forgive them. He recounts
their losses, their sufferings, in the prosecution
of that great crime which they had committed.
He cites us to historical examples. He becomes
classical. He recounts to us the story of La-
tium and its revolt. As 1 thought it the finest
passage in his speech, altogether creditable to
the oratory of the State from which we both
come, I shall ask the indulgence of the Senate
to reproduce it:
"When Latium, one of the Roman provinces, re-
volted, and the revolt was put down by arms, tho
Question arose in the Roman Senate, what shall be
ono with Latium and the people of Latium? There
were some then who cried, 'disfranchise them;'
others said, 'confiscate their property.' There were
none who said, 'subject them in vassalage to their
slaves.'"
Good for Latium.
"But old Camillus, in that speech which revealed
his greatness and made his name immortal, said:
'Senators, make them your fellow-citizens, and thus
add to the power anol glory of Rome.' In this high
place, in this Senate of the great Republic of the
world, outgiowth of the civilization of all the ages,
cannot we. Senators, rise to the height of that great
argument?"
Need I tell the Senate that we attained the
height of that great argument long ago? All
that is passed. The men who revolted against
the power and authority of the Republic are
made our fellow-citizens; their lives are given
to them freely; their estates are restored to4hem
on the asking. There they are, enjoying every
privilege that every other citizen of the United
States enjoys, with the exception of the few
who were included in the terms of these laws
known as the reconstruction laws, and who are
prohibited from voting at two elections. Mr.
President, we stand here and are judged, not
because we will not make fgllow-citizens of
those who revolted against the authority of th«
Republic, but we are judged because we seek
to make those our fellow-citizens who did not
revolt against the Republic. That is what we
arc to be condemned for, if we are to be con-
demned ; that is what we are denounced for
from one side of the countfy to the other daily.
The third reason assigned by my colleague
why we seek to offer suffrage to the colored
men is, that it will secure party ascendency,
and the Senator from Indiana [Mr. IIexd-
ricks] and the Senator from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Buckai.ew] have echoed in terms the
same sentiment. So, then, we are struggling
to confer this boon upon the negroes in the
South to strengthen the Republican party! I
do not honor the head, or the heart either, of
any man who can ascribe such a purpose to
such an act. I suppose if you found us visit-
ing a poor-house by parity of reasoning yon
would charge us with a purpose of kidnapping
the panpers to add to the wealth and the
strength of our own households. We are try-
ing to give suffrage to the negroes to strengthen
the Republican organization, are we? Sir, if
we had felt at liberty to strengthen the Re-
publican organization at the expense of God's
justice and right, do you not think we knew
how to do it just as well as those who now
oppose us? Do you not think we knew who
were strong in those communities and who
were so weak that they could not stand alone,
much less offer any support to a great and
triumphant political party ? Did we not know
who had held political power down there from
the time when first political power existed?
Did we not know they needed, or at least
desired, the countenance and support which
the Republican party alone ccrnld afford any-
body ?
If we had desired to strengthen our political
organization, what was there to prevent our
saying to the white people of those communi-
ties, to the Caucasian race, "Come into the
councils of the nation, we will restore you to
your old place in the Government." Do you
suppose they had such a hungering after fel-
lowship with their old Democratic friends that
they would have looked to them for any sup-
port that they could have received from us?
What had the Democratic party to do for them,
or to give them ? The Democratic party were
poorer than the defeated rebels themselves.
Whatever they might have promised, they had
nothing to pay with. If we had been as false
to the President whom we elected as the Pres
ident was to us who elected him, what was
there to prevent the Congress of the United
States from turning on him in the winter of
1866 as he turned upon us, and telling him that
hehad dethroned the governments of ten States
without authority of law; telling him that those
provisional governments which he had set up
there must go out as he had sent their prede-
cessors; and that the old governments must be
restored? What was there to prevent us re-
ceiving the representatives from those govern-
ments and liavi ng them here in close com munion
and fellowship with the Republican majority ?
If we were willing to serve the devil for party
purposes and party gains, here was the devil
as open to our service as he was to theirs.
Sir, I have spent too much time upon this
sort of reasoning. Remember these are the
Senator's answers to reasons which he assigned
himself. You remember how the knight of the
Rueful Countenance, in some of his wander-
ings, discovered a windmill, and he set his
lance in rest and spurred his charger upon it;
and you recollect the result of the encounter;
and the world has not done laughing over it
yet. Well, sir, I have laughed with the world;
but I have always thought if Don Quixote had
had the privilege of making his own windmill
he would have been more successful in his
engagement. [Laughter.] But here is a knight
who sets up a windmill of his own manufac-
ture, pitches into it at his own pleasure, and
you see the result.
Mr. President, let me state one reason why
we seek to give suffrage to the colored race ia
these communities, and I will give my colleague
