i8ea
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
£83
the balance of his natural life to refute it. We
seek to give suffrage to them because there is
no other way given under heaven or among '
men whereby the life of that race can be made
tolerable or endurable. That is the fact. I
assert it, whoever denies it. Let the issue be
upon the question of fact, and we will try it
before the American people.
Sir, we tried to avoid this enterprise. The
world knows it. We tried every conceivable
expedient; and we tried some expedients that
I never should Tiave conceived of myself. We
tried the experiment of colonization under the
lead of my colleague himself, who told us that
these people never could live here in peace.
When we decreed the emancipation of the
slaves in the District of Columbia, we appro-
priated I think $100,000 to embark in the ex-
periment of colonizing the freedmen in Hayti
or some other place. The President of the
United States, under that act, entered into a
contract with parties in the State of New York,
I think, to take a colony down there. They did
so. The effort failed utterly ; the colony re-
turned : and to-day these Halls are besieged by
those contractors to secure compensation for
the damages they sustained in endeavoring to
realize the favorite idea of my collegue. We
found that these people could not be colonized
outside of the territory of the United States.
My colleague himself, I take it, was satisfied
with the experiment. I do not know that he
has renewed the effort to secure further appro-
priations for that purpose from that time to
this.
When the Congress of the United States came
here in December, 1865, and found the rebel-
lion at an end, the governments which had
exercised civil authority in the ten rebellious
States dispersed by executive proclamation,
new governments set up in their places built
upon a model designed by the President him-
self, the question arose whether those govern-
ments which the President had made were actu-
ated by those sentiments of justice and of fair
dealing which would warrant us in committing
to their keeping the men whom we had made
free and the men who had always been free, but
■who bad been loyal to the flag during the great
struggle. I say Congress stopped to consider
upon that question. A committee of both
Houses went on toexamine witnesses and spent
weeks and months in taking testimony upon that
point. They finally came to the conclusion that
it would not be safe to commit these two popu-
lations, the loyal white men and the freedmen
of those communities to the keeping of those
governments unless some further restrictions
were placed upon the authority of the State gov-
ernments than were placed by the Constitution
as it then stood. And so Congress submitted
to the several States the question whether they
would agree to remit to the Government of the
United States the power to protect classes
against class legislation. That is really what
the constitutional amendment meant. Mostof
the States agreed to it. Those governments
which the President had bni It speaking for their
States, refused to consent to it, and we found
that we could neither get the freedmen out from
under those governments nor would they con-
sent to an amendment of the Federal Constitu-
tion which would authorize the national Gov-
ernment to furnish protection for them.
We then, and not till then, came to the de-
liberate conclusion that if these people were
to be compelled to abide there, subject to the
control of those local governments they should
be represented in those local governments ;
that they should be heard in thera. That is
the reason why we have attempted this enter-
prise, and there is no other. I am glad to
remember that from the beginning 1 could
see no other way but this, and 1 am glad to
remember that 1 sought no other way; and I
am glad to know that whoever falters I am
bound to pursue this way to the end. If thete
be any man in our organization so frightened
that he would avoid this responsibility to avoid
a party defeat, let me tell him for one that I
happen to know party defeats cannot be
avoided in any such way. This duty is com-
mitted to us. It is the duty of our day ; and ,
we must be true to it or we must be pro-
nounced untrue to all duty and unfit to be
charged with any duty.
Now, sir, what objection is there to our
doing this thing? What objection is there to
our putting the ballot in the hands of the
black man? Do yon say he is safe without it;
that it is needless; that justice will be done to
him by the governments of the white men
down there? Who dares say that and risk
his reputation for veracity upon tha statement?
Did they ever do justice to them? While they
were deprived of the ballot, and while they
were subjected to governments representing
just such feeling and just such men as the
existing civil governments do down there, you
know they were made chattels of, slaves of.
How do you know they would not do it again
but for the prohibition which you have placed
in the Constitution of the United States? But
because they cannot reduce them to chattelism
again do you know that they would do justice
to them? Is there no way of oppressing men
but by making slaves of them? Why, Mr.
President, look about you! Listen to what
you hear right here on the floor of the Senate !
You see a northern man, and a Senator, stand
up here and charge these freedmen with the
crime of treason and attempt to prove it. Do
you think when men at this distance can prac-
tice such enormous injustice to them that they
are likely to receive justice at the hands of
those who live with them? Nay, sir, every
day and almost every hour you are told by the
men who oppose us—what? You are told that
if you dare to confer suffrage upon the black
man it will lead to a war of races and they
will be exterminated. Do Senators mean to
tell us that men who would massacre the
blacks because they are allowed to vote will
do justice to them when they do not vote? Is
that the logic that is to sway the action of the
American Senate?
i Sir, we have not acted upon any rash as-
sumptions. I said a committee of this body
took testimony; nay, we saw those govern-
ments actually at work; we saw the legislation
they were contriving for the government of
these people; we saw two military officers,
one commanding in Virginia and another in
South Carolina, by a military order, set aside
and annul two whole codes enacted by those
two States for the government of this portion
of their people because of their inhumanity to
man.
i Sir, I have another pigce of testimony. Stop
| where you are; accede to the demand made
upon you by your opponents ; remit those peo-
! pie to the control of those civil governments
I now existing there; and what do you suppose
I will happen? I do not know precisely myself;
] but what they contemplate I will show you by
I reading an extract from a letter which I re-
i cently found in the papers from Mr. James M.
I Mason, written to a friend of his by the name
[ of Graham, who had urged him to take up his
' residence in Jamaica. Mr. Mason remon-
strates. I am not going to read the letter at
length. He suggests to his friend that there is
a probability that this Republican party will
be overthrown, and that another party will be
installed, and then that they will get posses-
sion of their governments. He says:
" In such case I should rely upon the intelligence,
wisdom, and, more than all, the experience of our
people in regard to the negroes, would enable them
to devise some system of legislation by which, with-
out again reducing them to slavery, they could be
made to discharge the incumbent duties of a laboring
class, a hope now much encouraged by the apparent
tone of the North, as evinced in the late elections. I
am satisfied that nothing but such exclusive control
can save our people from the alternative of exter-
minating the blacks or of abandoning the country to
them."
That is the purpose, as you are officially
notified; and, with that notification addressed
to you you are asked to surrender these peo-
ple to the control of those governments.
What is another objection? It is said that
these people are Bot qualified for the suffrage.
That is true ; they are not qualified. Who of
us are qualified to fill the high office of an
American elector? They are not qualified.
How happens it that they are not qualified?
Because the ballot has been denied them always
and has been confined to the hands of the white
race; because you have had there and over
them none but a white man's government.
That is the reason why they are not qualified.
I donotaskthatthefreedinen should be allowed
to participate in the elective franchise because
they are qualified for it, I demand that they
should be allowed to participate in it because
I know, and you know, sir, they never will be
qualified {or it until they are allowed to parti-
cipate in it.
Another objection is, that it is unconstitu-
tional ; that you have no right to control suf-
frage in those States. That is a fair argument;
that is manly. I always greet an objection of
that kind, let it come from whom it will, or
when it will. I care not that the Constitution
has been held up as the shield of so many great
crimes that it seems to be almost criminal to
quote the Constitution at all. That is not the
fault of the Constitution ; it is the fault of the
foul perversion of it which we have known for
years. I propose to occupy the time of the
Senate for a moment in considering the ques-
tion whether we have this authority; whether
we have under the Constitution the right to
confer suffrage npon the colored population in
those communities. I insist that we have
authority to exercise any legislative power in
South Carolina or in Alabama that we can
exercise in New Mexico or Utah.
Sir, if Morse had lived when Moses did and
had telegraphed from the foot of Sinai to the
fire-worshiping cities of Chaldea that they
should have no other gods but the Lord; or if
he had telegraphed to the idol-crammed cities
of Memphis and Thebes that they should not
make any graven image; or if he had tele-
graphed to the cities of Canaan, filled with
every manner of violence and crimc as they
were, that the people of those cities should not
kill, or steal, or commit adultery, I am afraid
Moses would have been denounced by the peo-
ple of that generation as a radical. I do not
wonder that Luther, when Rome was trying to
build up St. Peter's by the sale of indulgences,
should have been denounced as a heretic when
he dared to post up on the church-door of
Wittenberg his bold denial of the power of the
Church to issue indulgences or to grant them.
I do not wonder that he was denounced as a
fanatic for such conduct at such a time. When
John Hampden stood up before the British
people to deny the authority of the Crown to
levy taxes of its own will and without the con-
seht of Parliament, I do not woitder that John
Hampden was denounced as a revolutionist.
And I shall not be surprised, and I shall not
complain, if I earn one or all of these epithets
when I stand here in the Senate to say that the
American Congress has deposed the govern-
ments which once existed in those ten States
for which we are now legislating, taken from
them all right to legislate at all.
Now, sir, the question is: has Congress
authority to depose the government of a State ?
I do not claim that authority outside of the
Constitution. I do not charge myself with any
obligation to serve the country in any way not
warranted by the Constitution. Asd it this
authority is not given to Congress by the Con-
stitution then I concede Congress does not
possess it. But if we do not possess it, then I
want to say that the Constitution of the United
States is not the supreme law of the land, and
several of its commands cannot be enforced.
We will not have any dispute about the facts.
I concede that the Congress of the United
States once clothed each one of these commu-
nities with the authority and the prerogatives
of a State. When those prerogatives were
committed to those States they were committed
unconditionally and in perpetuity or they were
not. If they were committed unconditionally,
then they were indefeasible; they could not be
lost; they could not be reclaimed ; they could
