fifii
oal
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 31,
mot be forfeited; they were theirs always, at I
all times, and under all circumstances. I want 1
to see the Senator who will stand up on this
floor and say that such is the case ; that ever
since die tirst act was enacted making Louisi-
ana, for instance, a State of the Union, Louisi-
ana has been in the enjoyment, or has been
entitled to enjov, all the rights which that act
conferred upon it. We have no dispute as to
what the rights of a State are. Have those
rights been continued in those communities
from the day of their creation to this? There
is no Senator who will assert that. There is no
Senator who will assert tbatduring the rebellion
South Carolina, Louisiana, and Mississippi had
the right to send Senators here and Represent-
atives to the other House. But it they had
not that right, then why had they not ? 1 have
listeued from the time this debate first com-
menced years ago for some one in the Opposi-
tion to explain to me how it was that they had
not the right to send Seuators here during the
war if the prerogatives once conferred upon
them had always continued to them. The Sen-
ator from Indiana yesterday, arguing upon this
point, while he asserted in the most positive
terms that these rights had always continued,
that the character of the State was never lost,
yet he did concede that their relations with
the General Government practically were de-
stroyed.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Disturbed.
Mr. HOWE. He said: j
"Practically the relation? were disturbed, T>raett-
eally the State was not in harmony with the Federal
Government: but its existence as a Suite, its organ-
izational a State, its Constitution, which was the bond
of its organization, continued :ill the way through tli e
war: and when peace cauieitfound the State witbits
constitution aud laws unrepealed and in full lorce,
holding that State to the Federal Union."
The Senator from Indiana is a lawyer, an
acute and an able one, and when he talks to us
about the State still existing, but its practi-
cal relations being disturbed, he means some-
thing by it, and I would have been glad if he
had explained to my comprehension just what
he meant, how and why these practical rela-
tions were disturbed. 1 know they did not let
our mails go there. That is one relation that
was disturbed practically. The rebellion did
that. I know they did not send Senators and
Representatives here. That is another relation
that was distu rbed. But why did not they send
Senatorsandllepresentativeshere,orif they had
sent them here, what answer should we have
made to their ^demand for seats? Should we
have told them " our practical relations are
disturbed, and therefore you cannot come in?"
But they would have read the Constitution to
you and said,'; You say we are a State; our rights
are not gone, pnd cannot be ; here is the Con-
stitution which says that every State shall have
two Senators here; are you going to exclude us
because our practical relations are disturbed?"
What answer would you have made? You must
have received them into the Chamber, or you
must have shown some authority in the Consti-
tution for keeping them out of the Chamber.
Where is the authority in the Constitution for
excluding Senators duly elected by a State?
Would you have excluded them upon the ground
of disloyalty ? But suppose they did not hap-
pen to be disloyal, or suppose you could not
prove their disloyalty ; suppose they had done
no overt acts ; how would you have kept them
out of the Chamber? I have been anxious to
have these questions answered, and I cannot
conceive the answer to them.
The fact that war existed there would not
have been urged as a reason for keeping Sena-
tors out. War raged in Kentucky ; war raged
for a time in Maryland ; war even made its way
into Pennsylvania. You never thought of send-
ing the Senators from those States home because
war was in their neighborhoods. Then war itself
is no reason for excluding the representation
of a State. The historical fact is that the Sen-
ators and Representatives from the rebel States
were away from here because they chose to go ;
but the question to which I wish Senators to
address themselves is, suppose they had not
chosen to go away, how would you have got
them away? Suppose they had chosen to come
back, how would you have kept them from j
taking their seats? i
Some time since I saw a correspondence which
interested me very much, between Mr. Henry
A. Wise, of Virginia, and Mr. Fkkxaniio \\ ooi>,
of New York. Mr. Wise addressed Mr. Woon
at the close of the rebellion, and he made one
declaration which interested me. He said to
Mr. Woon:
"Yon know my position before tho war: 'To fight
in the Union, under tho express lettor of tho Consti-
tution—to tuke ui> arms by the sovereign authority
of State.-—to repel invasion and to suppress insur-
rection.' "
Suppose Virginia and all those States had
listened to the advice of Mr. Wise ; suppose
by the authority of their State governments
they had formed the confederacy, and yet
their Legislatures had sent Senators and their
people had sent Representatives here to help
make our laws, they lighting, according to Mr.
Wise's programme, within the Union and
within their interpretation of the Constitution,
what should we have said to their Senators on
the theory of Senator from Indiana? As I
cannot conceive of any answer to be given of
course I cannot conceive what answer he would
give. For myself, I know of no answer we
could have made but for Congress to say,
"Your people are in rebellion against the
authority of the Government of the United
States ; your governments are in flagrant diso-
j bedience to the express command of the Con-
| stitntion ; we deny the authority of your gov-
ernments, and we revoke the license which we
once gave you to have governments and our
authority for saying this I shall cite to you
presently.
Mr. President, the revolt of a State is not
the only reason we could assign for deposing '
the government of a State. Suppose South
Carolina had never raised a soldier or set a
regiment in the field ; suppose South Carolina
had contented herself, as I believe Virginia did
for years content herself, with refusing to have
the officers of her local government take the
oath to support the Constitution of the United
States, which the Constitution commands that
every officer of a State, executive, legislative,
; and judicial, shall take ; suppose you had
known that every officer in the government of
that State had refused to take such an oath,
| and on the contrary had taken an oath to sup-
j port some other Government, the Government
I of Great Britain or the Government of Mexico,
; some alien Government, how would you cor-
' rect that wrong ? The Constitution says that
every one of these officers shall be under an
oath to support the Constitution of the United
States. How will you enforce that command
except you can remove the government which
disobeys it?
Such a case is possible; and you must be
able to furnish the correction, or your Consti-
tution is not the supreme law. You cannot
correct it by the military power. You would
not send an army upon the Governor and Legis-
lature of South Carolina because they had not
taken the right oath. You would not order out
the Army of the United States to administer an
oath to a State officer. You cannot correct it
by a suit at law. Doubtless you might make a
law to punish particular officers for omitting to
take the proper oath ; but what law could you
make to compel the people of South Carolina
to elect men who would take it? To take such
an oath is a plain duty enjoined by the Consti-
tution, and yet you have no court of chancery
to enforce specific performance of it.
The framers of the Constitution knew that
it was of vital importance to the Union that
the government of every State should be in
the hands of those only who would at all times
support the national authority. For that rea-
son they required that every officer participat-
ing in the government of a State should take
an oath to support the Constitution. So long
as the people of a State are loyal they will
enforce this duty upon their own officers, for
they will elect none to office who will not
cheerfully take the oath. But if the people
become alienated or hostile, as the people of
those revolting States did, they will elect no
officers who will take the oath. If, then, they
are still allowed to choose their own officers
the government of such State is in hostile
hands and the Constitution is trampled under
foot. It ceases to be the supreme law. But
if you admit that it is the supreme law, then
it is the duty of the President to see that it is
enforced ; and yet how can lid enforce it un-
less Congress shall supply the proper enact-
ments? So long as your laws declare that
Louisiana is a State the President cannot pre-
vent her people from appointing such men to
office as they please. If he attempt to do so
he offends against the law himself. While
your law declares Louisiana to be a State the
President must respect her rights as a State,
and so long as he respects her rights as a
State her people will select such men for
officers as they choose.
Before the President can rightfully remove
the government of a State which refuses to
obey the Constitution Congress must by law
authorize him to do so. But can Congress
authorize the President to remove such a
government? The last clause of the eighth
section of the first article of the Constitution
authorizes Congress—
" To make all laws which shall be necessary and
proper for carrying iuto execution the foregoing
powers and all other powers vested by this Consti-
tution in the Government of the United States, or
in any department or officer thereof."
"Whenever, then, the President finds the gov-
ernment of a State in the hands of men who
refuse to take the oath which the Constitution
commands them to take, and when the people
of that State refuse to choose officers who
will take such an oath, I maintain the clause
first cited confers upon Congress full power
to authorize the President to remove such gov-
ernment and to forbid such people from choos-
ing governments.
If this be not so, here is one command of the
Constitution which cannot be enforced. And
so in this particular the Constitution i3 not the
"supreme law."
Mr. President, I will put you another case :
suppose the government of Vermont enters
into a compact with the Government of Can-
ada, by which they stipulate that in the emer-
' gency of war they will furnish their whole
j military contingent to the use of Canada?
| Suppose the government of Texas makes such
I a stipulation with Mexico?
The Constitution declares that—
I "No State shall, withjut consent of Congress,"
• * ' * * "enter into agreement or compact
j with another State or with a foreign Power."
j But suppose a State does make such a com-
! pact, how shall the President correct such an
! abuse of power?
The judicial power cannot reach such a com-
pact so long as the parties are content with it.
Manifestly the military power cannot reach it.
How, then, are you to prevent the authority
which belongs to a State from being wielded
by a government which is under this compact
in open .defiance of an express command of
the Constitution? It ought to be corrected,
ought it not? If it cannot be corrected the
Constitution is not the supreme law; the Con-
stitution is violated, and you cannot help your-
selves. You ask the President to enforce this
command ; he says '• " How shall I enforce it;
I have only marshals and major generals at my
disposal, and neither a marshal nor a major gen-
eral can reach this difficulty—can cure this dis-
ease." But if the two House of Congress—if
the law-making power will, under this clause
which I have read, put a law upon the statute-
book saying that such government shall no
longer exist in Vermont, shall no longer exist
in Texas, then the President can displace
such a government as easily as he displaced
the governments existing in the rebel States
at the close of the war, and then the na-
tional authority is called upon to do just what
