1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
885
it does in every case where it finds a commu-
nity of people within the jurisdiction of I he
United States, but withouttlie jurisdiction of a
State government; it provides a government
—a provisional government—until the people
are prepared to accept and discharge the obli-
gations of a State government.
It will be seen, Mr. President, that I do not
claim the authority to depose such a govern-
ment under that clause of the Constitution
which calls upon us to guaranty republican
governments to States. But suppose a State
absolutely refuses to maintain a government
which is republican ; suppose the whole local
authority in Mississippi should be one of these
days vested in Mr. Davis, or the whole author-
ity iu Missouri in my friend, [Mr. Drake,] for
I will not test this question with reference to
those disorganized communities alone; sup-
pose the local authority should happen to be
vested by the written law of Missouri in my
friend here ; he becomes the Governor, or the
prince, or the grand duke, according to their
local law, with the right to appoint men to
make laws, the right to appoint judges to exe-
cute laws, the right to appoint Senators and
Representatives to come up here; suppose
that happens to be one of these days the read-
ing of the constitution of Missouri and such a
form of government exists there. That is not
republican ; but how shall we correct it? They
do not arm a soldier; they do not raise an
army ; they allow our mails to go there ; they
let our courts exist there ; they offer no re-
sistence to the authority of the United States ;
but every power which under the Constitution
belongs to a State is vested in a single indi-
vidual, and in him, in perpetuity, a govern-
ment as anti-republican as it is possible to
conceive of. But how shall it be corrected?
If the people of Missouri acquiesce in such a
form of government one of two things is cer-
tain : either there must lie in the national
Government authority to remove my friend
from power or the people of Missouri must
remain under a State government anti-repub-
iican in form.
I know, Mr. President, that the executive
authority did remove ten governments existing
in the ten rebel States at the close of the war
in 1865. He fouuded his right to do so upon
the averment that those governments were not
republican. He claimed to be acting under
the authority of the fourth section of the fourth
article of the Constitution, which declares
that—
" The United States shall guaranty to every State
in this Union a republican form of government."
But, in my judgment, the President made
three mistakes: first, in supposing that he was
the "United States;" second, in supposing
that the governments he deposed were not as
much republican as they ever had been; and,
thirdly, in supposing the governments by which
he replaced those deposed were republican at
all. I never complain of those mistakes, be-
cause I thought those governments ought to
have been removed; not because they were
anti-republican, but because they were dis-
loyal. But before he removed them for either
or for any cause I think he should have had
the authority of an act of Congress for doing
80. When the Governor of New York com-
naits high treason against the United States,
undoubtedly the President may cause him to
be arrested and tried for his crime ; but unless
he arrests him he cannot create a vacany in
the office; and if he does create a vacancy in
that office the people of New York must fill it,
and not the President.
Mr. President. I have spent all the time that
I ought to devote to the argument of this ques-
tion and all the strength I have to spend upon
it; but I cannot close without noticing some
Other incidents of the debate. The Senator
from Indiana, [Mr. Hejtoricks.] who is
usually very fair, and who yesterday gave us
an admirable precept for the conduct of public
debate, I thought violated his own precept in
a remarkable manner. He claimed of his
political opponents fttir treatment, candid
appeals to truth, reason, and right. How did he
treat his political opponents ? He told us this:
"You have taken the robes of political rower off
the shoulder? ot'white men and you have put them
upon the shoulders of negroes.
"Gentlemen may moralise in solemn tones, as if
they came from the tomb, about the gallantry and
distinguished services of the negroes in tho war. I
can tell you that with all the political and party
ambition you have, with all the party power you
have, you have not power to take the garlands from
the brows of tho wliito soldiers and put them on tho
heads of tho negroes. You cannot do it."
Mr. President, did the Senator from Indiana
mean to be understood that we desire to do
that; that we are trying to take the garlands
from the brows of our white soldiers and to
bind them on the heads of the negroes? Did
he mean to risk his reputation for veracity
upon a statement or a suggestion of that kind?
Sir, how long is it since the Senator from Indi-
ana felt himself authorized to sing the praises
of our soldiers, white or black? When before
yesterday did he ever exhibit any special sen-
sitiveness about the measure of fame that
should be meted out to our soldiers, white or
black? I cannot speak for his personal opin-
ions or his personal votes or his personal acts;
but while he and those with whom he acted
stand here to-day denouncing us because we
propose for a short time to take from a few
rebels the elective franchise, I know that if he
did not, the men with whom he acted in the
State where I live and in other States, resisted
to the utmost the efforts of the Republican
party to continue suffrage to our own soldiers.
The party with which he acted made their
fiercest effort to disfranchise the soldiers of
the Union Army. The disfranchisement which
they complain of us for imposing upon a hand-
ful of men whose hands are too bloody to
handle white paper any way, that very disfran-
chisement his political friends tried to enforce
upon the soldiers who went from Wisconsin
and who went from other States to fight the
battles of the nation.
Mr. President, I do not believe the white
soldiers of the Union Army have ever com-
missioned the Senator from Indiana to take
care of their fame or to select their place in
history. I do not think they care particularly
to intrust that duty to his vigilance or to his
eloquence. When they want their praises
spoken or their eulogies pronounced I think
they can find other men in other political
organizations to whom they would as soon
intrust that duty.
Sir, all of those who have preceded me on
' the other side of the Chamber have closed
their harangues with terrible threats. All of
them have pointed to the elections in Novem-
ber next, and assured us with great earnest-
ness that a terrible overthrow awaits us there.
It maybe so. Political parties have been over-
thrown before, and defeat may await us in No-
vember next; but we know what we are striv-
ing to do, and we know that what we fail to
accomplish in November next will be accom-
plished afterward. • It is the simplest justice
in the world that we propose to execute, the
plainest right, and in the end justice and right
will prevail, unless the Democratic party shall
tread down not only the African race and the
American Constitution but the Almighty him-
self. The Republican party simply demands
that since the freedmen are here upon our
hands some way shall be opened to tneir ele-
vation in the scale of social life. You may
say what you please of this purpose and of its
propriety, put on before your fellow-men what
airs and assume what attitudes you may, there
is not a man of you on this side or the other,
there is no man anywhere, who dares to go into
his closet and shut his door and bow himself
in prayer before his Creator and not pray for
just what we vote for—the redemption, the
elevation, the enfranchisement of the world,
without distinction of race or color. And 1
am not afraid to go to the polk in November
next with the American people, or alone, and
vote for that which Christ died for and all
Christendom has made intercession for for
eighteen centuries.
Sir, if the issues in November next were to
be decided between two individuals possibly the
American people might hesitate ; but the issue
is to be between two parties. The history of
both those parties the nation is already familiar
with. The one is that known as Republican.
It is the party which met the shock of the
rebellion in 1801, which organized those great
armies whose mailed tread shook the conti-
nent, and whose prowess disarmed the last foe
that could be found in arms against the author-
ity of the nation, and at the same time a party
which has done as much to advance the mate-
rial development of the country as has ever
been done by any preceding party in the same
period of time. You have done as much to
add to the growth, the prosperity, and the
wealth of the nation ; you have built as many
railroads, you have added as many miles of
telegraph wire, you have put a commercial
fleet on the Atlantic plying between New York
and South America, you have put another fleet
on the Pacific between San Francisco and the
ports of Asia. I was told the other day by a
gentleman largely interested in telegraphs that
in the single district north of the Ohio, and
between the Mississippi and the western line
of Pennsylvania, more than thirty-six hundred
miles of new telegraph line will be required the
, coming year to accommodate railroad lines that
have been constructed in a single year.
The whole number of miles of railway con-
structed in the whole decade prior to 1800 was
about twenty-two thousand. In addition to
this, in the very agony of this struggle, yoo
started a railroad toward the Pacific, and already
the iron has reached the very summit of the
Rocky mountain range.
I This is what one party has done. What can
be said of the other ? I leave to its disciples
to tell of its deeds; but I am here to speak of
one deed. I am here to say that upon that
party, to whose support ray colleague has given
! himself, rests the full responsibility of the late
| war; rests the full responsibility, whether they
designed it or not, of every life that has been
sacrificed, of every drop of blood that has been
spilled, of every dollar that has been spent. I
say they are responsible for the war, because
they were in a position where they might have
prevented it.
When this war was inaugurated yon know that
that party had possession of every department
j ofGovernment. The President was a Democrat;
the Legislature was Democratic; the courts
were made up of Democrats; and behind that
Government made up of Democrats stood all
the resources, all the material of the same peo-
ple out of which were gathered the forces that
did pat down the rebellion after it was fully or-
ganized and folly equipped. But, instead of
employing those resources to crash the rebellion:
while it was weak and immature, that Govern-
ment of Democrats allowed the national Treas-
ury to be exhausted and the national credit to
be destroyed; they allowed your Army to be
almost dissipated and your Navy to be dispersed:
and then, when they had seemingly squandered
every national resource, they retired from power
and left the national life to the protection of
the naked patriotism of the people. But that
naked and* unaided patriotism proved suffi-
cient. The moment the guns opened upon the
flag on Sumter that moment the nation sprang
to arms, and from the moment the nation
armed the rebellion began to retire.
During the struggle which ensued, and which
the Democratic Government'might have saved
us from, I admit, many Democrats went into
the Army and fought well. But, with few ex-
ceptions, when a Democrat went to the Army
he left the Democratic party. Their ballots and
their bayonets were given to the same cause.
Bht I speak of the party organization, and I
ask them to tell the country the occasion on
which that organization ever lifted an ounce
in the way of carrying the burden whieh rested
upon the nation, or ever inspired an effort by
any prayer or any word or any smile of theirs.
Mr. President, between these two parties I
do not b«lieve the American people are likely
