886
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 31,
to hesitate in November next. But, sir, I do
not challenge the approval of the American
people or their confidence simply by reason
of what the Republican party has heretofore
done ; I do not ask it so much from their grati-
tude as from their hopes. Not alone because
we have done well heretofore do I ask their
continued faith and trust, but because of what
we will do hereafter. Sir, if that trust is not
withdrawn from us I think I can_ venture to
promise, in behalf of the Republican party,
that we will hereafter perfect the " Union" by
crucifying the last and foulest prejudice which
distracts it; that we will " establish justice "
by enabling all to partake of it; that we will
"insure the domestic tranquillity" by destroy-
ing the last form of oppression which can dis-
turb it; that we will "promote the general
welfare" by opening every part of the whole
country to the quickening energies of free,
requited, and contented labor. And when we
can convince the world that the American
people do not hearken to the insidious voices
of those who would debauch the national honor
and abjure the national faith we shall ex-
change onr debt which now' bears an interest
of six per cent, and sells for seventy-two per
cent, in the European markets for a debt bear-
ing an interest of four per cent., and which
will command one hundred per cent, in Frank-
fort. With the proceeds of those bonds the
holders may build three lines of railway be-
tween the Mississippi and the Pacific toast;
and from those lines of railway may derive an
interest not of four but of ten per cent. We
will open the mineral fields of the West to the
labor of the world. From the barren hills we
will gather the tribute whieh shall discharge
the public debt; we will quadruple our fleet
on the Pacific, pour the trade of Asia into San
Franciseo and New York, and we will show
to the world a renewed and regenerated Union,
no longer swaggering with the contemptible
boast that it is the Government of white men
or of black, but resounding everywhere with
the exultant shout that it is and it forever
shall be "the home of the free and the asylum
®t" the oppressed."
Mr. FERRY. Mr. President 
Mr. HARLAN. If the Senator from Con-
necticut will give way I will move that the fur-
ther consideration of this bill be postponed
until to-morrow, with a view of proceeding to
the consideration of the business of the Dis-
trict of Columbia.
Mr. FERRY. I give way for that purpose.
The motion to postpone was agreed to.
COTTON TAX.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had concurred in the report of
the committee of conference on the bill (H.
R. No. 207) te provide for the exemption of
cotton from internal tax.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House of Representatives had signed
the enrolled bill (H. R. No. 207) to provide
for the exemption of cotton from internal tax ;
and it was signed by the President pro tempore.
CORPORATIONS IN THE DISTRICT.
On motion of Mr. HARLAN, the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, resumed the con-
sideration of the bill (S. No. 102) providing
for the formation of corporations ana regulat-
ing the same in the District of Columbia, the
pending question being upon the amendment
reported by the Committee on the District of
Columbia to insert,, as section fifty-five, the
following:
And be it further enacted. That the stockholder* and
also the directors of any corporation formed under
this act may hold any meeting for the transaction of
the business of the corporation, including meetings
for purposes of organization, and may keep their
principal office in any State or Territory of the Uni-
ted States. But no meeting shall be held out of the
District of Columbia without the assent of persons
holding a majority of the shares of stock of the cor-
poration, nor without reasonable notice. Any such
corporation, having ita^prineipal once outside ef the
District of Columbia shall, within thirty days after
its organization, appoint by power of attorney duly
executed, some person permanently residing within
the IHstrict of Columbia, to acccpt service oi any
warrant, process, or notice.
Mr. HARLAN. I move to amend this
amendment by striking out in line live the
words "and may keep their principal office,"
and by inserting at the end of that sentence,
after the words " United States," in line six,
the words '' and their principal office shall be
kept in the District of Columbia," so as to
make the section read: j
That the stockholders, and also the directors of
any corporation formed under this act may hold any
meeting for the transaction of tho business, including
meetings for purposes of organization in any State or
Territory of tho United States, but their principal
office shall be kept in the District ot Columbia. ,
Mr. JOHNSON. I do not know by what
authority Congress can provide that an organ-
ization with a charter in this District shall
have a right to have an office and hold meet-
ings in any of the States. 'I he amendment
does not provide that they may do it with the
consent of the States, but gives them the right
to do it absolutely. I suppose the object of
the provision is that they may, if they desire
it, virtually have the corporation itself for the
transaction of business in a State without the
consent of the State. In the case of Cohen
vs. Virginia, which involved the right to sell
lottery tickets under a lottery grant author-
ized by Congress, I think it was held that
there was no authority to sell those tickets in
Virginia without her consent; and if it had
not been so adjudged, if there wna no decision
on the subject, I should suppose it to be very
clear that that is a matter within the exclusive
jurisdiction of the States. Most of the States
have by legislation provided that foreign cor-
porations chartered by other States—and the
rule applies equally to corporations chartered
by Congress in the District of Columbia—may
have offices in their limits on paying a tax or
license fee, or something of that sort; but I
am not awnre that it has ever been held any-
where that, as against the will of the State,
Congress, under the power to legislate in the
District of Columbia, lias authority by such
legislation to locate a corporation in any State
of the Union.
Mr. WILLEY. I think the honorable Sen-
ator from Maryland totally misconceives the
meaning of this section. For myself, however,
I will state that I doubted at first the propriety
of this amendment to the original bill. It is
an amendment which was drawn up by myself
under instructions from that committee, and I
think the Senator from Maryland misconceives
the purpose of the amendment itself. However
impolitic and improper it may be in his view
when rightly interpreted, I think he does not get
the idea intended to be comprehended in the
amendment. It is not that these corporations
shall operate outside of the District. That is
not the purpose. The whole scope of the bill
was constructed so as to confine the corpora-
tions in their operations and in their working
exclusively to the District of Columbia. It is
proposed to make that purpose effective by an
amendment to the first section, but obviously
the intent of this section, as it now stands, is not
to authorize companies to work outside of the
District; that is, to carry on their business out-
side of the District, but to enable them to hold
meetings outside of the District for the purpose
of consulting in regard to their business, through
their boards of directors or whatever other way
they may see proper to consult about the busi-
ness, to be carried on within the limits of the
District. It is not intended at all to authorize
these companies to have any operation of their
business carried on eutside of the District, but
only to authorize the stockholders and directors
who may be appointed under the provisions of
this act to hold their business meetings outside
of the District, wherein they may see proper to
regulate their business within the limits of the
District of Columbia.
As I said just now, I somewhat doubt the
propriety of authorizing them to hare their
principal offices outside of the District of Co-
lumbia ; but certainly the objection which the
Senator from Maryland makes cannot lie to
this section, because it does not propose to
authorize them to operate outside of the Dis-
trict, but only to have meetings of their stock-
holders and of their directors outside of the
District, to consult as to the proper mode and
manner of carrying on the business of the cor-
poration within the District. The reason for
this can be very readily stated. Persons hold-
ing capital in Baltimore, for example, the
principal city of the State from which the hon-
orable Senator comes, may desire to employ
their capital in the District of Columbia for
the promotion of its interests in the way of
manufactures or otherwise. They may see
proper to organize a company to operate within
the limits of the District of Columbia; but to
persons owning that stock residing in the city
of Baltimore, it may be much more convenient
to them to hold meetings of the stockholders
for organization, and then of the directors lor
the management of the business, in the city of
Baltimore, where they reside, than it would be •
for them to come to the District of Columbia
to do so. It is not that they shall operate
within the State of Maryland ; their operations
must be confined wholly to the District of Co-
lumbia ; but that they may regulate the man-
ner and mode of doing their business in their
meetings in Baltimore. I am indifferent about
the incorporation of this section into the bill,
and have some doubt about its propriety my-
self. Hence I have thought it necessary to
make this explanation.
Mr. JOHNSON. I do not think I misap-
prehend the meaning of the proposed amend-
ment. It is not that they are to meet outside
of the District of Columbia merely for the
purpose of organization, though that, I think,
would be objectionable, but it is that they may
meet outside for the transaction of business as
well as for the organization. The transaction
of business, I suppose, necessarily includes the
doing of some acts in connection with the ob-
ject of the incorporation. Whatever business
they are authorized to transact here, under
their charter, they will be authorized, if they
are permitted to go outside of the District of
Columbia for the transaction of business, to
do there; so that, in my opinion, it is virtually
giving them authority to establish offices in all
the States for the transaction of the business
of the corporations without their first obtaining
the assent of the States.
Mr. HARLAN. However pertinent the
remarks of the Senator from Maryland may be
to the amendment as originally proposed by
the committee, I think he will perceive that
they have no application to the amendment
which I have proposed to the amendment.
This will limit the scope of the amendment
proposed by the committee by confining the
companies to the District of Columbia, at least
for the location of their principal office. He
therefore can have no objection, I think, to
the amendment to the amendment which I
have proposed.
Mr. JOHNSON. I have no objection to the
amendment to the amendment.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. I now move to further
amend the amendment by striking ont all after
the word ''notice," in line nine, to the end of
the section.
The words proposed to be stricken out were
read, as follows:
Any such corporation having its principal office out-
side of the District of Columbia shall, within thirty
days ef its organization, appoint, by power of attorney
duly executed, some person permanently residing
within tho District of Columbia to acccpt service of
any warrant, process, or notice.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment as amended.
Mr. JOHNSON. I ask that it be read as it
now stands.
' The Secretary read the amendment as
