1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
887
amended, which was to insert as section fifty-
five the following:
.4 H<i he it further enacted. That the stockholders
and also the directors of any corporation formed
uinl-r this act may hold any meeting for the trans-
action of the business of the corporation, including
inertinw 'or purposes of organization, in ony State
or Tenitoryot the United States; but their principal
office shall be kept in the District of Columbia. But
no mctinc shall be held out of the District of Colum-
bia without the assent of persons holding a majority
of the shares of stock of tlie corporation, nor without
reasonable notice.
Mr. JOHNSON. I do not desire to debate
the question ; but it is obvious that that gives
them authority to establish offices in any State
of the Union without the cousent of the State.
The amendment, as amended, was agreed to.
The next amendment of the Committee on
the District of Columbia was to insert the fol-
lowing as section fifty-six:
And be it .further enacted. That the stockholders of
any corporation now existing in the District of Co-
lumbia, being of acliaraeterof any such corporation
as is authorized to bo created by the first section of
this act, may, by resolution in preneral meeting, ac-
cept and adopt the provisions of this act, and there-
upon acopy of the said resolution shall be filed with
the Secretary of State, together with a statement
showing the name by which the corporation had
theretofore been known, and the name, whetherit be
the same or a di fferent one, by which it is intended
it should be known thereafter; the nature and char-
acter of the business to be carried on; the place
where said business is to be carried on, and where
the principal office of said corporation is to be kept;
the time when said corporation is to expire; tbo
amount of the whole capital stock, and the amount
of capital actually paid in ; the amount to which it
is intended to reserve the privilege of increasing the
same; and the par valucof each shnre; which copy
and statement shall beeertified by the president of
said corporation under his hand and the seal of said i
corporation. And the Secretary of Stateshall there- I
upon issue a certificate of incorporation under his
hand and the seal of his office, reciting the said
resolution and statement, and declaring the said
corporation to be thereafter, until the time men-
tioned in the said statement for the expiration
thereof, a corporation by the name which it is in-
tended it should thereafter be known, and for the
purposes and business therein setforth, unless sooner
dissolved according to law. Certificates of incor-
poration issued pursuant to this section shall be re-
ceived in all courts and places as legal evidence of
the existence of the corporation as therein declared;
and all corporations organized under this section
shall no longer be under their former charter or act
of incorporation, but shall have all the rights, privi-
leges, and powers conferred by this act, and shall be
anbject to the liabilities, restrictions, and regula-
tions prescribed and required by this act: Provided,
That no debt, contract, right, orliability existing, or
any warrant, proceeding, motion, suit, or process
then pending, shall be affected or impaired by any-
thing which may be done under this section.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I do not rise
particularly to oppose this amendment. I have
no doubt the bill ia gotten up for the purpose
of relieving the Committee on the District of
Columbia from further labor, and I think if it
passes it will certainly accomplish that object,
and possibly a good deal more. I think it will
relieve Congressof a very large amount of labor
in relation to the District of Columbia, and pos-
sibly the Legislatures throughout the entire
Union of the necessity of passing acts of incor-
poration.
The bill proposes that anybody may organize
a corporation in this District; that even exist-
ing corporations may abandon their old charters
and come in under this act, and if they find its
provisions more favorable than the charters or
acts of incorporation under which they how act,
they certainly will avail themselves .of that
privilege. It is certainly an omnibus kind of
a bi 11. it allows any kind of banks, except banks
of issue or circulation, to be established here.
It allows gas-works to be established here. I
do not know that I would object to having a
newgascompanyestablishedinordertocheapen
the price of gas or to furnish a better article
than we now get; but I certainly conceive that
it ought to be subject to the consideration of
Congress in the particular instance whether
such an act of incorporation should be granted
or not. Then it authorizes the incorporation
of all sorts of institutions of learning. I do not
apprehend a great amount of danger even from
Uiat source; but I do not think the Committee
on the District of Columbia ought to so far
shirk their duties as to avoid wholly any super-
vision over these subjects. I am net for such
a kind of labor-saving machine as this bill is
or proposes to be by any means.
There are many provisions throughout the
bill that I do not think will commend them-
selves to the favor of gentlemen if they will
examine them. It is possible that this bill may
pass here without anybody paying attention to
it, as there do not seem to be many Senators
present; but I am very sure that when it un-
dergoes the scrutiny of a majority of either
branch of Congress a vote cannot be obtained
to pass it.
Mr. HARLAN. I think the reflection of
the Senator from Vermont is not entirely jus-
tifiable. I do not think the passage of general
incorporation laws is to be objected to. I re-
member that in the State which I have the
honor in part to represent, we have a provis-
ion in the constitution inhibiting the Legisla-
ture from passing special charters for corporate
privileges, and requiring the Legislature to
throw the whole subject open to the people at
large and permit any individuals to associate
themselves together under a general incorpor-
ation law, and this is becoming the policy of
all the States of the Union. It is favorable to
liberty to make it general; it is favorable to
monopoly to make it special; and the com-
mittee desire merely to conform the legislation
of this District in this respect to the spirit of
the legislatioti of the States of the Union.
Besides, if the Senator will take the trouble
to read the bill he will find that in the last sec-
tion of the bill jurisdiction is reserved over the
whole subject. That section provides—
That the right is reserved to Congress to alter or
amend, by general laws, at its pleasure, this act, or any
certificate of incorporation issued under the same.
So that the committee do not seek to shirk
responsibility, nor do they propose to tie up
the hands of Congress or to confer monopolies
on individual associations or organizations that
cannot hereafter be controlled by the national
Legislature.
I would prefer, however, if Senators do not
propose themselves to aid in perfecting the bill,
that they would permit the committee to do so,
and then present their objections to the bill
after we have made it as perfect as we can. If
it should not then be the pleasure of the Sen-
ate to pass the bill, of course the committee
will abide the judgment of the majority.
Mr. JOHNSON. The honorable member
will permit me to ask him if it is provided that
the stockholders are to be individually respon-
sible.
Mr. HARLAN. I hold in my hand an
amendment which I intend to propose on that
subject.
Mr. WILLEY. I hope the suggestion of
the Senator from Iowa will be accepted, and
that the general merits of the bill will not be
discussed until it is made as perfect as the com-
mittee can make it, or propose to make it, at
any rate; but since suggestions have been made
I desire to reply to them.
The object of this bill is to get rid, on the
part of the committee and on the part of the
Senate, of a great deal of what the committee
consider unnecessary trouble. When a bill is
introduced for a single corporation, if the com-
mittee on the District of Columbia does its
duty, and if the Senate does its duty, they will
see that every provision guarding the rights of
the stockholders and the rights of the public,
and regulating the working of that corporation
in all its machinery and all its relations, is in-
corporatedin that individual bill oractofincor-
poration. What an immense amount of labor
would not this impose upon the Committee on
the District of Columbia and upon the Senate!
Now, what is the experience of the com-
mittee, and what is the experience of the
Senate on this subject? A company wishes
to be incorporated to carry on a given kind
of business; the individuals wishing to be in-
corporated send us a bill here to be intro-
duced containing three or four or five or half a-
dozen or ten sections, crudely, imperfectly,
and untechnically drawn, without any suffi-
cient guarantee for the proper working of the
company itself, ipthout any sufficient protec-
tion for the public if the company does irre-
sponsibly organize, as it may possibly do, and
encroach on the rights of the community or
! perpetrate frauds on the community.
| There are before the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia at this time, I suppose, a
dozen bills of this character; and is the Senate,
whenever one of these bills comes up for con-
) sideration, to arrest the general legislation
of the country, to take it into consideration,
j to discuss it thoroughly, to see if it have all
j the necessary guarantees and protections and
provisions in it that will secure the proper
operations of the company itself, and insure
the public against fraud and imposition ? The
object in drawing this bill was to collect
together and make applicable to all these pri-
vate companies such a set of rules and regu-
lations as would compel the companies to work
properly and secure the public against imposi-
tion and fraud.
Now, sir, that this bill embraces too many
objectsis no reason whyitshould not be passed.
If there is any object distasteful to the Senator
from Vermont; if it embraces too many prop-
ositions, too many kinds of work, too many
i1 kinds of business, it is the easiest matter in
the world to refer to the first section and strike
that particular business to which he objects out
of the bill.
But, sir, we have abundance of precedents
for it. I have now in my hand the statute of
the State of Iowa to which the Senator from
Iowa alluded; and here is the only provision
for the incorporation of private companies in
that State, so far at least as refers to the kinds
of business for which companies may be incor-
porated :
"Any number of persons may associate themselves
and become incorporated for tho transaction of any
lawful business, including the establishment of fer-
ries, the construction of canaU, railways, bridges,
or other works of public improvement; but such cor-
porations shall confer no power or privilege not
possessed by natural persons, except as hereinafter
provided."
That includes everything, not only the ob-
jects named in this bill, but every other object
for which men may lawfully engage in busi-
ness ; and I understand from the Senator from
Iowa that the operation of that law is benefi-
cial in that State. I have had occasion, also,
to refer to the statutes of New York. Indeed,
I may say that this bill is principally based
upon the statutes of New York. I find there
successive acts of • incorporation, suggested,
doubtless, by experience. Even in the Re-
vised Statutes of that State, without referring
to the aets of the Legislature of New Yore
since that time, I find laws of incorporation for
railroad companies, for turnpikes, for plank-
roads, for gas-light companies, for manufac-
turing companies, for mining companies, for
mechanical companies, for chemical compa-
nies, for bridge companies, for charitable, sci-
entific, benevolent, and missionary societies—
a list almost as great as this. But the only
answer to the argument of the Senator from
Vermont in this respect is, that if there be
any business included within the first section
of this bill for which there should be no gen-
eral act of incorporation, let it be stricken
out; let it be moaified in that respect to suit
the views of the Senator and of all the Senate.
But, sir, I do hope that the Committee on the
District of Columbia will be relieved from
these everlasting applications for private bills,
that we shall not be put to the necessity of
bestowing as much time upon every private
bill as will be necessary to perfect this bill,
because, in my estimation, there is not a pro-
vision in this general bill which ought not to
be included in any act of incorporation for
any distinct and individual bill.
If you look into the bills passed by Coflgress
for corporations in this District, any lawyer,
at any rate, will be amazed to see how crude
and undigested they are, and how insecure and
unsafe are all the provisions incorporating pri-
vate companies here ; how insecure the public
is, how insecure the stockholders are, how in-
