1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
881
only received by unanimous consent, but the
reading was ordered by unanimous consent.
The House divided ; and there were—ayes
78, noes 127. .
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was then ordered to be
put.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands the
motion to be as follows: that the paper be re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary, with
instructions to report on the legal questions
involved therein.
Mr. ELDRIDGE demanded the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—veas 110, nays 34, not voting
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Anderson, Arnell.
Delos R. Ashley. James M. Ashley, Bailey, Baker.
Beaman, Benjamin, Binaham. Blaine, Blair, Bout-
welt. Broomall. Bucklaiid. Cary. Churchill, Reader
W. Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Cobb. Coburn, Cook,
Cornell, Covode. Cullom. Dawes, Dodge, Donnelly,
Drigis, Eeklev, Egslcston. Eliot, Farnsworth, Fer-
riss, Ferry, Fields. Garfield, Gravely, Hardin®, Haw-
kins, lligby, Hopkins. Asahel W. Hubbard, Hulburd,
Hunter, Itigersoll, Jenekes, Judd, Julian, Kelley,
Kelsev, Ketcham. Kitchen, Lallin, William Law-
rence, Lineoln, Loan, Louebudse, Lvnch, Mallory,
Marvin, McClurg, Mercur. Jloore, Mullins, Myers,
Xewconib. Xunn, O'Xeill, Ortb. Paine, Perham,
Peters, Pike, Plants, Poland. Polsley, Price, Raum,
Sawyer, Scofield, Selye, Shanks, Smith, Spalding,
Starkweather, Aaron F. Stevens, Thaddeus Stevens,
Taffe. Taylor. Thomas, John Trimble, Twichell, Up-
son, Van Acrnaw. Butt Van Horn, \ran Wyck, Ward,
Cadwalader C. Washburn. Elihu B. Washbnrne,
Henry D. Washburn, William B. Washburn, Welker,
Thomas Williams, William Williams, James ¥.
Wilson. Stephen F. Wilson, Windom, and Wood-
bridue—110.
XAYS—Messrs. Adams, Archer, Ax tell. Barnes,
Beck, Bovcr, Brooks, Burr, Chanler, £ldrkige, Getl,
Golladay.Grover, Haight, llolman. Ilotchkiss. Hiim-
Slircy. Johnson. Knott. MeCormick, McCullough,
lorgan, Mungen, Niblack, Nicholson, Phelps,
Pruyn. Robinson, Sitgreaves, Taber, Lawrence S.
Trimble, Van Auken, Van Trump, and Wood-
ward—r>4.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Baldwin, Banks, Barnum,
Benton. Bromwcll, Butler, Cake,Dixon. Kla, Finney,
Fox, Glo-'sbrenner, Griswold, Hnl^ey, Hill. Hooper,
Chester D. Hubbard, Richard D. Hubbard, Jones,
Kerr, Koonti, George V. Lawrence, Logan, Mar-
shall, Maynard, McCarthy, Miller, Moorhcad, Mor-
rell, Morrissey. Pile, Potnerov, Randall. Robertson.
Ross, Schenck Shcllabarger, Stewart, Stokes. Stone,
Trowbridge. Robert T. Van Horn, John T. Wilson,
and Wood—44.
So the motion was agreed to.
During the roll-call,
Mr. NlBLACK stated that his colleague
[Mr. Kerr] was detained from his seat to-day
by ill health.
The vote having been announced as above
recorded,
Mr. WARD moved to reconsider the vote
by which the motion was agreed to ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. DAWES rose and called np the con-
tested-election case of Samuel E. Smith vs.
John Young Brown, from the second congres-
sional district in Kentucky; but'yieldedtoMr.
Washbttrne, of Illinois, to make a report from
the Committee on Appropriations.
military academy appkophiation.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, from the
Committee on Appropriations, reported a bill
(H. R. No. 599) making appropriations for the
support of the Military Academy for the fiscal
year ending the 30th of June, 1869, and moved
that it be printed, referred to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, and
made the special order for Monday next after
the morning hour.
Mr. DAWES. I object to its being made
the special order for Monday unless it shall
follow the consideration of the election case.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. It goes to
the Committee of the Whole.
The SPEAKER. It can only be reached by
a majority of the House voting to go into the
Committee of the Whole.  
The bill was read a first and second time,
ordered to be printed, referred to the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union, and
made the special order for Monday next after
the morning hour, and from day to day there-
after until disposed of.
Mr. FARNS WORTH. I desire to make the
point of order upon any improper legislation
there may be contained in this appropriation
bill.
The SPEAKER. That right will be re-
served in the Committee of the Whole. I
mary sullivan.
Mr. CULLOM, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a joint resolution (H. R. No. 187)
providing for the payment of the amount due
Mrs. Mary Sullivan for property wrongfully
seized by order of the provost marshal of
Washington and tised in the medical depart-
ment of the United States Army; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee of Claims.
rights op american citizens.
Mr. SELYE, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted joint resolutions of the common council
of the city of Rochester, New York, in regard
to the rights of American citizens in foreign
countries; which were ordered to be printed
and referred to the Committee on foreign
Affairs.
railroad grants in dakota.
Mr. BURLEIGH, by unanimous consent,
submitted the memorial of the Legislative
Assembly of the Territory of Dakota, praying
for a grant of land to the Minnesota and Mis-
souri River Railroad Company to aid in the
construction of a railroad from the Minnesota
State line to the Missouri river, at Yankton,
Dakota Territory; which was ordered to be
printed, and referred to the Committee on Pnb-
i lie LandR.
| Mr. BURLEIGH also submitted the memo-
| rial of the same Legislative Assembly, praying
! for a grant of land to aid in the construction of
■ a railroad from Sioux City, Iowa, to the mouth
of the Big Cheyenne river, Dakota Territory;
! which was ordered to be printed, and referred
to the same committee.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
the same were introduced by him several days
since, ordered to be printed, and referred.
I POST ROUTE.
| Mr. BENJAMIN, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 600) establishing
a post route from Macon city to Clifton, in the
i State of Missouri; which was read a first and
i second time, and referred to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads.
| lawrence massacrh.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas, by unanimous
consent, offered the following resolution; which
was read, considered, and agreed to:
Rrtoloed, That theCommittee on Invalid Pensions
be directed to inquire into the expediency of placing
the widows and children of the men killed at the
massacre at Lawrence, Kansas, on the 21st of August,
1863, in the satno relation to the pension laws as the
widows and children of soldiers Killed in the service
of the United States.
election contest smith vs. brown.
Mr. DAWES, from the Committee of Elec-
tions, called up the report in the contested-
election case of Samuel E. Smith vs. John
Young Brown, each claiming to have been duly
elected as a Representative from the second
congressional district in Kentucky. The report
concludes with the following resolutions, which
were read:
Renohcd, That John Young Brown, having volun-
tarily given aid, countenance, counsel, and encour-
agement to persons engaged in armed hostility to the
United States, is not entitled to take the oath of
office as a Representative in this House from the
second congressional district of Kentucky, or to hold
a peat therein as such Representative.
Retolved, That Samuel E. Smith, not having re-
ceived a majority of the votes cast for Representative
in this House from the second congressional district
of Kentucky, is not entitled to a ssat therein as such
Representative.
Retolved, That the Speaker be directed to notify
the Governor of Kentucky that a vacancy exists in
the representation in this House from the second
congressional district of Kentucky.
Mr. CHANLER. I rise for the purpose of
suggesting that this matter be postponed for
the present until my colleague on the Commit-
tee of Elections from Indiana, [Mr. Kerr,]
who is detained at his room by sickness, shall
have time to reach the House.
Mr. DxVWES. I suggest to the gentleman
from New York that the gentleman from In-
diana [Mr. Kerr] has sent word that he will
be here in a few moments. If he is unable to
attend to the discussion of the case of course
I shall not press it.
I desire now to move that both the claim-
ants to the seat be permitted to address the
House, if they desire it, under the rules of the
House, on the merits of the case.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Speaker, as these sev-
eral resolution^depend, not upon eaeh other,
but upon distinct and independent grounds, it
is my intention, if the House permit, to con-
fine the discussion, in the first instance, to the
first resolution, although this report must be
considered as a whole unless I have the con-
sent of the House to that effect. If I can have
the consent of the House I propose that we
discuss the first resolution without regard to
the other two, until it shall be disposed of, and
then take up the other two. The House will
see at a moment's glance that they are of such
character that that will be the best way to dis-
cuss them.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts asks unanimous consent that the
resolutions shall be taken up separately and
discussed separately.
Mr. COBURN. I object.
Mr. DAWES. I think the gentleman from
Indiana will gee in a moment that nobody's
rights are compromised by this arrangement,
and that the object which he probably desires
to attain will be better attained by following
my suggestion. If, however, he persists in the
objection I will throw myself upon the indul-
gence of the majority of the House and shall
confine whatever suggestions I may make to
the first resolution, and then I shall call the
previous question on that resolution alone.
Mr. COBURN. I withdraw the objection.
The SPEAKER. Is there further objection
to the proposition that the debate shall be con-
fined to the first resolution and the resolutions
taken up separately, debated separately, and
acted on separately ?
Mr. CHANLER. I would ask the chair-
man of the committee if that will not preclude
subsequent debate on the other resolutions?
Mr. DAWES. -"Certainly not.
Mr. CHANLER. There will be no effort
made to move the previous question and ex-
clude debate on the other resolutions?
Mr. DAWES. Certainly not. Itwill facil-
itate discussion, and the questions involved in
all the resolutions may be discussed.
The SPEAKER. The Chair hears no objec-
tion to the proposition of the gentleman from
.Massachusetts, and the first resolution is there-
fore before the House.
Mr. DAWES. I will ask the Clerk to read
the first resolution.
The Clerk read the resolution, as follows :
Retolved, That John Young Brown, having volun-
tarily given aid, countenance, counsel, and encour-
agement to persons engaged in armed hostility to the
United States, is natjgntitled to take the oath of offico
as a Representative in this House from tho second
congressional district of Kentucky, or to hold a seat
therein as such Representative.
Mr. DAWES. This proceeding, Mr. Speaker,
is not only unusual but it is without precedent
in the history of the Government. John Young
Brown, more than twenty-five years of age, a
native-born citizen of the United States, and at
the time a resident of the State of Kentucky,
with a majority of more than six thousand votes
cast for him in conformity to the laws of Ken-
tucky, with the certificate of the Governor of
Kentucky in due form of law, presents himself
at the bar of the House and offers to take the
oath prescribed by the Constitution and laws
of the United States, that he may enter upon
the duties of a Representative. The resolu-
tion submitted by the committee is that he be
excluded from taking this oath and from the
seat whieh under the circumstances he claims.
