1868.
THS CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
of indignation upon there who have brought the [
country into its present unfortunate condition, or \
depleted t!ie horrors of civil war. He earnestly urged
tlie neutrality of Kentucky in the present crisis as
the best and most practicable position for Ivcntucky
to maintain her integrity iu the Union and to medi-
tate between the antagonistic sections."
Sir, who were the authors of these calamities
upon whom he poured out his indignation is a
matter left entirely uncertain, lie had come
from a session of Congress where the traitors
had held forth long and loud in their denun-
ciations of these measures in almost the very
words this paper says he used. He had heard
Keitt and McQueen and their associates declare
that the authors of all these calamities were the
men of the North, that the men of the North
were bringing the horrors of civil war upon this
land, and he went back to Keutucky and in-
dulged in the same thing.
I am not saying that this evidence at all
shows that John Young Brown urged any such
doctrine on the people of Kentucky. I am
only saying it leaves its in doubt, and there-
fore does not at all relieve John Young Brown
from the construction which the very words
themselves put upon his letter. It is neces-
sary for him to bring something positive, and
not negative, to alter that. He then appeals
to a card published on the 13th day of May
following announcing himself as a candidate
for reelection. Now, look at this card. In
that card there is not a word about the Union ;
and instead of that relieving him of the charge
in this letter it-is to my mind strong evidence
against him that in that heated atmosphere,
in the excited state of public feeling in Ken-
tucky at that time, a Union man coming from
Congress, in which the destruction of the
Union had been plotted, and announcing him-
self as a candidate for reelection, any man
■with any feeling of Unionism could have main-
tained silence on that vital subject.
He says in this card :
"My opinions are the same as heretofore expressed
in public speeches made in seven counties of the dis-
trict. I have seen no reason to change them, and I
hare not changed them."
The only evidence in reference to the speeches
he made in those seven counties is the letter
read at the Clerk's desk, and that is as follows:
"Not one man or one dollar will Kentucky furnish
Lincoln to aid Uim in his unholy war against the
South. If this northern army shall attempt to oross
our borders we will resist it unto thedeath; and if one
man shall be found in our Commonwealth to volun-
teer to join them he ought, and I believe will, be
shot down before he leaves the State."
That is what he says in this letter. He
appeals to his public speeches made all over
his district for his opinions. Those were his
opinions at the time he published this card.
How can he say, therefore, that this card re-
lieves the letter from the interpretation which
the language of the letter itself calls for?
He appeals also to the comments upon this
card published in the Union paper of Louis-
ville on the morning in which he published it.
To those comments we will turn. There is not
one word in them that relieves Mr. Brown of
any of the accusations he confesses in this
letter.
The mistake into which he has fallen in his
defense is this: if he is able to show anything
which of itself does not commit him, he has
claimed that that should go further and ex-
plain his positive acts. Nobody could ask him
to be convicted of treason or of aid to those in
armed hostility to the Union upon those papers
presented; but he asks us to go further and say
that those papers show that the true meaning
of this letter is something that does not appear
upon the face of it. And when he is.told
that he must show something positive, some
direct act or word or speech on his part, that
will throw some light upon or give some other
interpretation to this letter, it is not enough
for him to say: here &re speeches, here are
comments of the newspap6rs with respect to
me, in none of which do you find any treason-
able_ expressions or any opinion of mine in
hostility to the Government. That does not
alter at all what stands uurefuted, unexplained,
but left to its full force.
Mr. Brown asks us also to consider that if
he were a traitor, then, if he were disposed to
give aid to the enemies of his country, how is
it that they have not been able to find since 1861,
during all the history of the war, any single
treasonable act of his in addition to this one.
The most that can be said of such an argument
is this: that it is no reply to this charge to say
that they have not shown that he has commit-
ted other offenses. It throws no light upon this !
charge one way or the other that it is shown 1
that it is the only act in which he has been |
hostile to the United States.
So that, Mr. Speaker, having heard all that
Mr. Brown has oifered, and all the statements i
he has desired himself to make, the committee
are left to look upon this paper unexplained
and to jjudge of Mr. Brown as he asks to be
judged; to consider the time at which he pub-
lished this letter, the purpose for which the
letter was published, and the end to which it
contributed. And, sir, it hardly admits of argu-
ment here in support of the proposition that
such a letter as this contains the evidence that
at a peculiar crisis in our affairs this man must
have contributed largely not only to the encour-
agement of the rebellion itself but to an incite-
ment, a stimulating, of those worst features of
that rebellion which have blackened the page
of its history in Kentucky and in the South-
west.
Why, sir, what is it? It is a statement that
at the outbreak of the rebellion, after the as-
sault upon Fort Sumter, after the President
had called for seventy-five thousand men as
volunteers, and after the Governor of Ken- j
tucky had treasonably set hut face against that
State responding in men or in money to aid
the cause of the Union, this gentleman, one of
the most influential and gifted of her young
orators, of great popularity in that State, went
home from the halls of Congressand proclaimed
in public speeches, to his constituents that Ken-
tucky should not furnish a dollar or a man, and
that any man in that Commonwealth who should
join the Union Army ought to be, and would
j be, shot down before he left the State.
| But that is not all. He confesses in this let-
ter that he went about privately making these
assurances. It appears in the testimony that
at the very time he published this letter there
| were agents of the confederacy secretly obtain-
ing recruits in Kentucky for the confederate
army; and while they were doing so John Young
Brown confesses that he also secretly and pri-
vately wentaboutwhisperingin theirearsthatif
any man joined the Union Army in Kentucky he
ought to be, and he believed he would be, shot
down before he left the State. Can there be
any doubt in any man's mind that that was
giving aid, counsel, and countenance to men
in armed hostility to the Government of the
United States? It was not only an open, public
act of war upon the United States, but it was
allying himself to, and making himself a party
to, that guerrilla warfare which by all the laws
of war any one found guilty of would be exe-
cuted as outside the pale of humanity. There
can be no question upon the facts in this case, as
it strikes my mind, and as I think it struck the
committee. This was no obscure individual,
without influence, without power among his
fellow-men in Kentucky. It was no ignorant
man whose opinions upon public affairs might
pass without weight. He was one of her pub-
lic men, coming from a high public trust back
to Kentucky to report what had been done
and what was being dene, and what was his
conclusion, not only as to his own duty, but
as to that of his fellow-citizens of Kentucky,
at a time when the Union demanded of every
man that he should do his duty. And it was
at that time that John Young Brown not only
publicly proclaimed open war upon the Gov-
ernment of the United States, but set himself
to the discouragement of enlistment in her
Army within the borders of the State of Ken-
tucky, and undertook to increase the fears and
the peril of any man who took sides with the
Government, and was willing to give it the aid
of his strength aud his presence in the army.
He proclaimed to the people of Kentucky that
within her own borders and at his own fire-
side he who should be prompted to jpin her
Army must take his life in his hand and not
only take care of himself with the enemies in
front, but take care of the secret midnight as-
sassin in his rear. Sir, I can conceive of no
more infamous and outrageous scheme insti-
tuted in warfare than that foreshadowed in this
letter. I do not know whether Mr. Brown
has the honor of having originated that cruel
system of warfare which ran through the
southwestern States, where at midnight, in
their own homes, peaceable citizens were mur-
dered by bands of ruthless marauders and
ruthless guerrillas or not; but I do say that if
he was the inventor of it he could not have
based his claim to that infamous position upon
more irrefragable ground than by confessing
before the public, as he does in this letter,
that as early as the 18th day of April, 1861,
he had inaugurated it as the poHcy in his own
congressional district, and had set it on foot
among the private homes of the Union mea
there dwelling.
Sir, I have not commented very much upon
the preposterous position taken by the gentle-
man, that this was a neutral letter. The com-
mittee have submitted their views upon it in
their report. There is, permit me to say, ao
word in it of condemnation of any southern
army. The letter was called out by the appre-
hension in his miud, as he says in the letter
itself, that some would construe his remark as
applying to the confederate army. He comes out
ia this letter to satisfy the people of Kentucky
that he did not occupy any neutral or ambigu-
ous position. That is what he says. That is
the very reason he gives for coming out in this
letter. It was because, ho says:
"Some have construed my remark as applicable
to the confederate army, and I will set it right."
Here is his precise language:
"My attention has been called to the following
paragraph which appeared in your paper of this
date:
"' John Young Brown's Position.—This gentle-
man, in reply to some searching interrogatories put
to him by Governor Helm, said, in reference to the
call of the President for four regiments of volunteers
to march against the South "—
" 'I would not send one solitary man to aid that
Government, and those who volunteershould be shot
down in their tracks.'"
This, he says, some one has imputed to him.
And what is his objection to it?
" This ambiguous report of my remarks has, I find,
been*misunderstood by some who have read it, who
construe my language to apply to the government
of the confederate States."
It is "ambiguous" because it may be applied
to the confederate States, and some, he has
understood, have put that construction upon it.
" Now," he says iu substance, "to do away
with all doubt, to make it perfectly clear that
I do not intend to say that any man who enters
the confederate army ought to be or will be
shot down, I will tell what I did say. I am not
going to stand before my constituents in the
position of saying that anybody who enters the
confederate army should be shot down; I am
not going to stand in the position of using lan-
guage that may be applied to the one or the
other; any language that is ambiguous in this
regard I will not submit to. No, 1 will make it
so clear that nobody can apply it anywhere
except where i meant it; what I did say was
this," and here I give his exact words :
"JTot one man or one dollar will Kentucky furnish
Lincoln to aid him in his unholy war against fhe
South."
"I am now," says Mr. Brown, "going to
use words, fellow-citizens, that are not ambigu-
ous ; I am now going to use language that no-
body can apply to the confederate army ; what
I did say was this." I give again his precise
words:
"If this northern army shall attempt to cross our
borders we will resist it unto the death ; and if one
man shall be found in our Commonwealth to volun-
teer to join them"—
Remember, Mr. Brown is now referring to the
"northern" army—
" if one man shall be found in our Commonwealth to
volunteer to join them, he ought, and I believe will,
be shot down before he leaves the State."
