1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
acopc of thf Constitution, and all means which are
appropriate, which aro plainly adapted to that end,
which arc not prohibited, hut consist with the letter
and spirit of the Constitution, are constitutional."
Now, Mr. Speaker, when the Constitution
of the United States has clothed this House
with power to be the "sole judge of the elec-
tion returns and qualifications of its mem-
bers," and when it is declared also that this
Congress shall have all power necessary and
proper for carrying into execution the forego-
ing powers and all other powers vested by this
Constitution in the Government of the United
States, or in any department or officer thereof,
and when it is apparent, as it was in 1802,
when the statute nnder which we are acting
now was enacted, that right there, at that ave-
nue of approach more than at any other, be-
cause less guarded and less protected, was the
very citadel of the existence of this Govern-
ment exposed to the assaults of the enemy,
can it be doubted the Government itself had
not only the power, but it was its duty, to
select those means most efficient, best adapted
to the very end, and that was to close the ave-
nue itself to the enemies of the Government?
The Constitution of the United States has
enjoined, but has not prescribed, an oath of
office for every man that comes to these Halls.
I say it has not prescribed the oath, though it
has enjoined it. The first Congress prescribed
the oath which was adopted and used by all
the subsequent Congresses until 1862. Yet,
'when it came to be seen that had the enemy
not been blind in 1861, had not the arch traitors
themselves who sat in this and the other Hall
been given over to blindness, as they were to
treason, they had it in their power by remain-
ing in their seats in this and the other branch
to have blocked all legislation for the defense
of the country and paralyzed the very arm of
the Government lifted in its defense—when it
was seen that by going out of this and the other
Hall they had left open the door which it was
the duty of this Government, if it had imposed
upon it any duty of self-protection, to close
forever, Congress then passed the law of 1862.
To say that it had the right to do it is no more
than to say that it had the right first to pre-
scribe the oath that was prescribed by the first
Congress. The Constitution says that mem-
bers shall take an oath to support the Consti-
tution ; but what sh<Mfcl be the form of that
oath, what should be the necessity that required
any particular form of oath, was left with Con-
gress to decide. And Congress accordingly
did prescribe an oath which was used until the
exigencies of the rebellion were deemed suffi-
cient, when it made another.
In the case of McCulloch vs. The State of
Maryland, to which I have referred, Chief Jus-
tice Marshall thus speaks of that law in dis-
cussing the various powers of the Government,
and the necessity in emergencies of availing
ourselves of that power:
"The powers vested in Congress may certainly be
carried into execution without prescribinganoath of
office. The power to exact this security for the faith-
ful performance of duty is not given, nor is it indis-
pensably necessary. The different departments may
be established, taxes may be imposed and collected,
armies and navies may be raised and maintained,
and money may be borrowed, without requiring an
oath of office. It might be argued with as much
plausibility as other incidental powers have been as-
sailed that the convention was not unmindful of this
subject. The oath which might be exacted—that of
fidelity to the Constitution—is prescribed, and no
other can be required. Yet he would be charged
with insanity who should contend that the Legisla-
ture might not superadd to the oath directed by the
Constitution such other oath of office as its wisdom
might suggest."
Therefore, it was for the Congress of 1862 to
pass upon the question. It was for the wisdom
of that Congress to suggest whether there was
to be required, growing out of the exigencies
and perils of the hour, anything to be super-
added to the oath already upon the statute-
book, and accordingly it wisely superadded the
oath which has been read at the Clerk's desk.
We now administer an oath to every member
before he can take his seat in this body, whose
duty it is to protect and perpetuate its own
life, that he has not been engaged in armed
hostility against the United States. That law
having been passed, and that oath being re-
quired, it is for us to say whether the time has
already come when it shall be consistent with
the safety and perpetuity of this Government
to admit into our midst as councilors and legis-
lators gentlemen who sought to overthrow the
Government they swore to support. Upon
that question I have no apprehension what will
be the judgment of the House. I therefore
leave it for the present.
Mr. TRIMBLE, of Kentucky. I desire to
propound a question to the chairman of the
Committee of Elections. If I understood his
argument, Congress has full power and author-
ity to make a test-oath before a member can
be admitted to a seat on this floor. If I am
correct in that, what is to prevent a future
Congress from making such a test-oath as will
prevent a majority of members from taking
their seats because they cannot take the oath?
Mr. DAWES. What I meant to say is this:
that Congress had full power of self-preserva-
tion ; that it had the right, subject to such lim-
itations as the Constitution imposes, to resort
to any means conducing to that end, and that
the Congress of 1862 believed, and all the cur-
rent history justified that belief, that it was not
consistent with its safety and perpetuity to
admit into its Halls men whose purpose was,
by actually joining the enemy, to overthrow
the Government. Now, that another Congress
may judge other means necessary I do not
doubt. But to the judgment of the country
and of mankind the gentleman from Kentucky
and myself must submit our acts in this as in
past Congresses, or in any other position in
which we shall find oarselves hereafter. It is
the safety of the Government, and that is why
; this Government, if it is true to its duty to-day,
I will so close up every avenue of approach by
j enemies of the country that there shall be
no opportunity hereafter for anybody in the
name of the Government to attempt its destruc-
tion.
I MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
its Secretary, announced that the Senate had
agreed to the report of the committee of con-
ference on the disagreeing vote of the two
! Houses upon the bill (H. 11. No. 207) to pro-
vide for the exemption of cotton from internal
tax.
repeal of cotton tax.
Mr. ALLISON. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. I submit a report from the committee
of conference on the disagreeing vote of the
two Houses on the bill repealing the tax on
cotton.
The Clerk read the report,, as follows:
The committe« of conference on the disagreeing
vote of the two Houses on the bill (H. R. No. 207) to
provide for the exemption of cotton from internal
tax, having met, after full and free conference, have
agreed to recommend, and do recommend, to their
respective Houses as follows:
I That the Senate recede from their amendment to
the bill of the House and agree to the same, with an
' amendment, as follows:
; Add to the bill the words "and cotton imported
from foreign countries on and after November 30,
1868, shall b&exempt from duty."
And the House agree to the same.
WILLIAM B. ALLISON.
JAMES O. BLAINE,
L. S. TRIMBLE.
Managers on the part of the Howe.
K. 1). MORGAN,
J01IN CONNESS.
C. R. BUCKALEW,
Managers on the part of the Senate,
Mr. ALLISON. Mr. Speaker, this is a third
report of a committee of conference on this
subject of the cotton tax, three committees hav-
ing been appointed and the first having failed
to agree. It is necessary, perhaps, to a proper
understanding of this question, that. I should
detail briefly the circumstances under which
this bill was first brought into the House and
the circumstances under which it passed the
Senate.
The House believed that it was necessary to
repeal this internal tax upon cotton in order
to encourage the growth of that product dur-
ing the present year. It was not believed by
the House to be proper to exempt the crop
grown in the year 1867 because of the difficulty
in discriminating between that which had al-
ready paid the tax and that which would be
subsequently brought into market. The bill,
therefore, was made to apply only to the crop
of 1868.
The Senate refused to concur in the House
bill, and sent to us a substitute for it suspend-
ing the tax for the year 1808, and also suspend-
ing the tariff duty for the same period, the duty
being now three cents per pound and the in-
ternal tax being two and a half cents per pound.
Gentlemen will see that under the existing law
there is a discrimination in terms in favor of
the American producer of half of one cent per
pound in addition to the premium on go-Id,
making really a discrimination or protection,
if I may use that term, of about a cent and a
half per pound.
The argument presented to us in favor of
the repeal of this cotton tax was that the com-
petition in foreign countries induced by the
high price of cotton made it necessary that we
should encourage its growth in this country by
a repeal of the tax; in other words, that the
American producer could not com pete , with
the cheap labor of India and other foreign
countries in the production of cotton as the
law now stands.
The House non-concurred in the amend-
ment of the Senate, and a committee of con-
ference was appointed. The first committee
of conference failed to agree. A second com-
mittee was appointed, and that committee
united in recommending to both Houses a prop-
osition repealing the existing tax upon cotton
grown in 1868 and afterward, and also repeal-
ing the tariff duty upon cotton from the 1st
day of July, 1868.
The House objected to this report, as it did
to the original amendment of the Senate, be-
cause it involved in a simple repeal of a pro-
vision in the tax bill also an adjustment of the
tariff bill.
A third committee of conference was ap-
pointed, and that committee, after holding
two sessions, reported what has been read at
the Clerk's desk. I desire now to say to the
House that the managers of  he conference on
the part of the House did not feel that they could
take the responsibility of destroying this bill,
and therefore agreed to the proposition which
we have now presented ; because it was palpa-
bly evident that three committees having been
appointed on this subject, unless this commit-
tee could agree no further conference could
be had upon the question. I think ray col-
leagues on the committee will concur with me
in saying that this wa3 the very best proposi-
tion that we could procure. I will say that it
only postpones the time for the repeal of the
tariff duty on cotton from the 1st of July to
the 1st of November, 1868, thus placing the
American producer of cotton during the year
1868 upon a par with the loreign producers of
cotton during the same period.
I regret to say that this bill, should it become
a law, will have the effect of allowing cotton to
come into this country at a less rate relatively
than it now comes in. In other words, the
American producer of cotton will not have that
protection that he has under existing laws.
But it was deemed by the committee of so
much importance that this tax should be re-
moved from cotton, in order to encourage its
growth in 1868, that this report was agreed to,
with the understanding, of course, upon ourpart
that when the question of tariff comes to bead-
justed, if it is adjusted at all during this session,
this whole subject can then be again reviewed
by the House and by the Senate. We Were
compelled reluctantly to assent to a proposi-
tion here to which I think many members will
object; that it is now within the province of
this House and of the Senate to unite an in-
ternal tax bill in the same law with a tariff
bill, so that the two questions can be, and in
the future perhaps will be considered together.
I do not know that I have any further expla-
nation to make.
Mr. BROOKS., I desire to ask the gentle-
