898
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 31,
to Asia, taking the place of gold in exchange
for products which we get from there. The
Surat cotton, -which is worth about two thirds
us much per pound as our American cotton,
enters largely into the manufacture of those
goods.
Now, if we refuse to take the duty off that
class of cotton, and refuse to enable our manu-
facturers to import it for the purpose of ruak-
.. ing that class of heavy goods, we will simply
deprive this country of the use of so much of its
labor which may be employed in the manu-
facture of goods to be sent abroad and take
the place of gold in our exchanges with foreign
countries, and we will send that share ot busi-
ness exelusively to the English market. e
will cut off American labor and also American
shipping from the benefits which are to be
derived from this branch of manufactures. Not
only that; we will compel the export of gold
instead of exporting a portion of American
cotton mixed with a portion of this eastern
cotton. That is about all that is involved in
this bill.
Mr. ALLISON. I now yield three minutes
to the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Mul-
lixs.]
Mr. MULLINS. I can give in a very few
words my opinion concerning the question now
at issue before this House. That question is
whether we shall or shall not concur with the
report of the committee of conference in refer-
ence to the bill now pending.
Now, coming from Tennessee, I claim to
know something concerning the business of
raising cotton. I think I know the condition
to-day of the people of that section of country,
after the suffering and trials they have passed ,
through during the last few years. I feel, as I |
think all feel, that it was right for this House |
to attempt to remove the present tax from cot- i
ton; yet when we come to the passage of a bill
for that purpose we find ourselves stopped by
the Senate, in a legitimate manner, it is true,
for that body is a component part of Congress
a-i well as is this House. ,
We cannot reach a settlement of this ques- j
tion except by compromise. That is the way
all difficulties of this kind must be settled. \
While I earnestly advocate the interests of the
cotton-growers of the South, I am disposed
to consent to a compromise on this question,
although I must be permitted to say that this
measure as now before us seems to me to in-
volve a gross violation of principle on the part
of the other branch of Congress—a departure
from that principle which is as old as the Gov-
ernment itself, and which should never be dis-
carded—the principle of protecting the indus-
trial interests of our own people against the
competition of the pauperhordes of Europe,
whose labor commands but a dime or a penny
a day. Why should we open the gateway for
the free ingress of one of the great staples con-
trolling the'markets of the world? Yet, sir,
we are faced by a lion standing in our path and
saying, "Take this or nothing." With all my
devotion to the true interests of the people of
the South I feel constrained to say, "We will
accept what you give us." We will fight out
this question hereafter. The day is coming
when we shall assert and maintain our rights
with regard to this matter of protection.
Mr. ALLISON. I now yield three minutes
to the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Moorhead.]
Mr. MOORHEAD. Mr. Speaker, I rise for
the purpose merely of calling the attention of
the House to the position of this question.
In its action for the removal of the tax upon
cotton this House was very unanimous. Our
object was to promote the growth of cotton in
the southern States. We passed a simple bill
of but a few words, designed to accomplish that
object. Our bill proposed simply to relieve
cotton from internal tax. The Senate amended
that bill by adding a clause which, I think, is
not germane at all, embracing a subject which
should not have been mixed up with this meas-
ure. When that amendment came here for our
action we refused to concur, adhering to our
opinion as expressed in the bill originally
adopted. A committee of conference was ap-
pointed, and that committee failed to agree. A
second committee of conference was appointed.
Two of the members of that committee on the
part of the House yielded. 1, as one member
of the committee, refused to sign the report;
nor would I be willing to sign any such report
now.
The House declined to adopt the report of
the committee. It refused to agree to the com-
promise proposed. While anxious that the
internal tax should be removed from cotton,
this House was not willing to crush the'culture
at home by taking.the tariff off foreign cotton.
The same question is now presented to us for
the third time. Are we going to yield? I hope
not. I for one shall vote against yielding. I
hope the House will adhere to the position it
has heretofore taken on this subject. As has
been very properly said by the chairman of the
committee, [Mr. Schexck,] when we shall
hereafter come to consider the tariff bill we
can attend to the question of the tariff upon
cotton. We can then take off the duty or con-
tinue it as may at that time appear proper. I
repeat that I hope the House will firmly adhere
to the position it has heretofore taken on this
subject.
Mr. ALLISON. I now yield three minutes
to the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Kelley.]
Mr. KELLEY. Mr. Speaker, I avail my-
self of those three minutes to refer to a point
which has not been brought to the attention of
the House and which illustrates the importance
of the question now under consideration.
From 1850 to 18G0 the importation of cotton
was steadily at about one hundred and fifty
thousand pounds annually. In 1860 it in-
creased toward the close of the year and
reached during that year about eight hundred
thousand pounds. During the war it reached
thirty-six million pounds annually. It is now
rapidly falling ; and this year it will probably
not exceed four hundred thousand pounds.
I think the action of the Senate on this sub-
ject is very injudicious. But so important do
I deem the repeal of the cotton tax at this time,
when men are determining whether or not they
will plant for the coming year, that I am con-
strained to yield my most decided convictions,
and in view of the imperative demand of the
Senate vote for the adoption of the report of
the committee of conference.
Mr. MAYNARD. Will the gentleman allow
me to make a suggestion? The duty on cotton
is now three cents per pound in gold. If that
duty is taken off what does the gentleman think
the importation will be?
Mr. KELLEY. Why, since the failure of the
Royal Bank of Liverpool, which let the bottom
out of the cotton market, it will be less than
it has been. If they could bring in eight hun-
dred thousand pounds of cotton at from thirty
to forty cents per pound they would not be able
to bring in one hundred and fifty thousand
pounds of cotton at its present price.
Mr. BARNES. One word. With other
members upon this floor I voted against the
previous report of the committee of confer-
ence. We have referred this matter now for
the third time, and the committee report un-
less we take this we shall not be able to take
the tax off cotton grown in the United States.
Therefore, sir, for that reason, I will vote for
it, and hope my friends will afto do so.
Mr. ALLISON. Mr. Speaker, I will say a
single word in reply to some remarks made on
this report, and then call for the previous ques-
tion and leave the matter to the House.
I fear from the points made by the honor-
able chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means [Mr. Schenck] that I may be misun-
derstood in supporting this report. There are
some features of the report and of the adher-
ence of the Senate I like. One is the principle,
which I regard as involved in this matter, to
wit: the principle that when we reduce the tax
upon American products in order to cheapen
their price we should correspondingly reduce
duties on foreign imports. That seems to be
one principle insisted on by the Senate, and
to that principle I do not object.
The only reason why I believed we should
have a small duty on cotton was that from that
source we should derive some revenue.
Now, sir, we are told by gentlemen who have
investigated this subject of cotton that the-for-
eign producer is now able to come into com-
petition with the American producer; that
cotton in this country is no longer king. Be-
lieving that, I will vote to repeal the excise
duty on cotton, intending also, when the oppor-
tunity shall occur, to vote for a small duty on
imported cotton, for the purpose of compelling
cotton which shall come into competition with
our own cotton interest to pay some revenue
into the coffers of the Government. But this
is a question which can be settled hereafter, as
has been already said. When the next tariff
bill comes up we can, if we choose, insist upon
a duty of a half cent per pound on imported
cotton. I do not think it will bear more than
a half cent per pound. We can bring in a bill
of that kind, but it must take the way of all
bills and receive the concurrence of the Sen-
ate, for this is a Congress composed of two
bodies, and both must concur to pass a bill
into law. And, inasmuch as this duty will not
be removed until November, 1868, if we stay
here long enough we will have another oppor-
tunity to test the question. I assent, there-
fore, to the report of the committee, for the
reason that, if this should fail, then the repeal
of the tax on cotton will fail—a tax which it
is of the utmost importance to the cotton-
producing interest of the country should be
removed during the present year, and before
planting time has commenced. I demand the
previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. WARD demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 106, nays 43, not vot-
ing 40; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Allison, Ames, Anderson,
Archer, Arnell, James M. Ashley, Axtcll, Baker,
Baldwin, Banks, Barnes, Barnum, Beaman, Beck,
Bingham, Blaine, Boutweil, Boyer, Brooks, Buck! and,
Chanler, Reader W. Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Cook,
Cullom, Dawes, Dixon, Dodge, Eckley, Ela, Eliot,
Getz, Golladay, Grover, Haight, Halsey, Hawkins,
Higby, Hooper, Hotchkiss.Chester D. Hubbard, IIul-
burd, Humphrey, Hunter, Ingersoll, Jonckes, John-
son, Jones, Judd, Kelley, Kerr, Ketcham, Knott, Laf-
lin, Lincoln, Logan. Mallory, Marshall, Marvin, Me-
Cormick, Mullins, Mungen, Myers, Ncwcomb, Nib-
lack, Nicholson, Nunn, O'Neill, Paine, Perliam,
Phelps, Pile, Plants, Poland, Price, Randall, Raum,
Robertson, Robinson, Ross, Scofield, Shanks, Sit-
greaves, Starkweather, Stewart, Stone, Taber, Tay-
lor, Thomas, John Trimble, Lawrence S. Trimble,
Twichell, Upson, Van Auken, Burt Van Horn, Robert
T. Van Horn, Cadwalader C. Washburn, Eliliu li.
Washburne, llenry D. Washburn. William B. Wash-
burn. William Williams, James F. Wilson, John T.
Wilson. Windom, and Woodward—106.
NAYS—Messrs. Delos R. Ashley, Benjamin, Ben-
ton, Blair, Cake, Cary, Cobb, Coburn, Covode, Don-
nelly, Driggs, Ferriss, Ferry, Fields, Harding, Hol-
man, Hopkins, Kelsey, lioontz. William Lawrence,
Loan, Loughridge, Lynch, Maynard, McClurg, Mer-
cur, Moore, Moorhead, Morrcll, Pike, Polsley, Porno-
roy, Sawyer, Schenck, Selye, Aaron F. Stevens. Taffe,
Trowbridge, Van Aernam, Ward, Welker. Thomas
Williams, and Stephen F. Wilson—13.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Bailey,Bromwell, Broom-
all, Burr, Butler, Churchill, Cornell, Eggleston, Eld-
ridge, Farnsworth, Finney.Fox, Garfield, Glossbren-
.ner, Gravely, Griswold, Hill, Asahel W. Hubbard,
Richard D. Hubbard, Julian, Kitchen, George v.
Lawrence, McCarthy, McCullough, Miller, Morgan,
Morrissey, Orth, Peters, Pruyn, Shellabarger, Smith,
Spalding, Thaddeus Stevens, Stokes, Twichell. Van
Trump, Van Wyck, Wood, and Woodbridge—40.
So the report was-agreed to.
During the roll-call,
Mr. IIUMPHREYSstated that his colleague,
Mr. Pruyn, was absent from the House on
account of sickness. If he were here he would
have voted in the affirmative.
Mr. CULLOM stated that his colleague, Mr.
Bromwei.l, was detained from the House by
indisposition.
The vote having been announced as above
recorded,
Mr. UPSON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the raport was agreed to; and also
