1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
901
Mr. GRAVELY. I move that the House do
now adjourn, because au hour's speech at this
time will protract our sitting much later than
the usual time for adjournment.
The question was then taken on the motion
to adjourn, and upon a division there were—
ayes <">8, noes 46.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. HUBBARD, of West Virginia, called
for tellers.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Washburne
of Illinois and Mr. Gravely were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes 60, noes 27.
Before the result of this vote was announced,
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, said: I ask
for the yeas and nays on the motion to adjourn.
I want it to appear on the record who are in
favor of going on with this question now and
who are not.
The question was taken upon- ordering the
yeas and nays; and upon a division there were
—ayes 17, noes 80.
So (one fifth not voting in the affirmative)
the yeas and nays were not ordered.
So the motion of Mr. Gravely was agreed
to, and accordingly (at four o'clock p. m.) the
House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees :
By Mr. ADAMS: The petition of Julia A.
Barton, widow of William Barton, deceased,
late private company I, seventh regiment Ken-
tucky infantry, for a pension.
By Mr. BARNUM: The petition of Colonel
and Brevet Brigadier General G. Loomis, with
accompanying documents, praying for relief
from paying the sum of $313 50.
By Mr. BURLEIGH: Memorials of the Le-
gislative Assembly of Dakota Territory, as fol-
lows: relative to a United States land office
in the Red river valley; relative to the survey
of public lands on and near the Red river of
the North ; relative to the removal of the Pem-
bina band of Chippewa Indians; praying for
the establishment of a mail route from Fort
Totten to St. Joseph; and praying for an
appropriation to construct a wagon road from
Fort Abercrombie down the Red river of the
North.
By Mr. CORNELL: The petition of Cor-
nelius D. D. Freer, praying that a pension be
f anted to the minor children of Garret W.
reer, deceased.
Also, the petition of Ethan Dunham, pray-
ing that a pension be allowed the widow and
minor children of Henry Taife, deceased.
Also, a memorial of Mary E. Lord, praying
for compensation for services of her late hus-
band, Lieutenant George P. Lord, United
States Navy.
By Mr. ELIOT: The petition of citizens of
Barnstable, Massachusetts, praying for invest-
igation of wrongs committed against the In-
dians and for legislation for their protection.
By Mr. GROVER: The petition of E. A.
Brown and others, of Lewis county, in favor
of the establishment of a post route between
Louisville and Rodman.
By Mr. DRIGGS: The petition of L. W.
Abbott and 150 others, praying Congress to
grant an appropriation to improve the mouth
of the Menomonee river, in the State of Mich-
igan.
Also, the petition of E. S. Ingals and 25
others, for same object.
Also, the petition of John Gridley, of Birch
Run, Saginaw county, Michigan, and 40 citi-
zens, praying Congress to grant a pension for
the loss of an arm while in discharge of his
duty as a soldier in the Union Army.
By Mr. FERRY: A memorial of the Land
and Labor Reform Union, No. 9, of the city
of Grand Rapids, Michigan, praying for such
legislation as shall secure the public domain
to actual settlers.
By Mr. JENCKES: A memorial of Willard
Sayles and others, late officers in the Army,
relative to compensation for officers' servants.
By Mr. ORTH: The petitions from sundry
citizens of Indiana, in reference to appoint-
ments to and removals from office in the rev-
enue service of the Government.
Also, the petition from sundry citizens of
Indiana, in favor of a radical change in our
system of taxation.
By Mr. PHELPS : A communication from
George B. Coale, of Baltimore, Maryland, offer-
ing to the United States an original portrait,
by Sully, of Charles Carroll of Carrollton.
By Mr. POLAND: The petition of Captain
John Bisbee, late second lieutenant of the
eighth Vermont volunteers, praying to be
allowed pay as a second lieutenant from July,
1863, to March, 1864.
Also, the petition of John Dean, second
lieutenant forty-seventh Wisconsin volunteers,
praying to be allowed three months' extra pay.
By Mr. RANDALL: Resolutions of a meet-
ing of citizens of Philadelphia, asking such
legislation as will secure the rights of Ameri-
can citizens travelingand sojourning in Europe.
By Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois: The
petition of sundry citizens of Philadelphia and
Montgomery counties, Pennsylvania, that Con-
gress cause to be published a statement of the
number of acres of the public lands that have
been granted to States, corporations, societies,
or individuals from 1830 to 1867 inclusive, for
education, hospitals, churches, railroads, tele-
graphs, canals, harbors, levees, or other proper
improvements, &c.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
' Saturday, February 1, 1868.
The House metattwelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boynton.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
! sioux indian reservation, minnesota.
' The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the
Secretary of the Interior, transmitting, in com-
pliance with a resolution of the House of the
22d ultimo, a report by the Commissioner of
the General Land Office relative to the sale of
the Sioux Indian reservation in Minnesota;
which was referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
! claim of the choctaw nation.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a communication
from the Secretary of the Interior, relative to
a claim by the Choctaw nation of Indians
against the United States growing out of treaty
stipulations; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs, and ordered to be
printed.
order of business.
The SPEAKER. The first business in order
is the consideration of the resolutions reported
from the Committee of Elections upon the con-
tested-election case from the second congres-
sional district of Kentucky. On this question
j the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Beck] is
j entitled to the floor for fifty-five minutes.
! Mr. KELSEY. I ask the gentleman from
Kentucky to yield to me for a few moments
that I may offer a resolution.
Mr. BECK. If it does not come out of my
time I will yield with pleasure.
The SPEAKER. It will not come out of
the gentleman's time.
post office at penn yan, new york.
Mr. KELSEY, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, Thatthe President be requested to inform
this House whether he has appointed any person
special agent to take charge of the post office at
Penn Yan, New York, and whether the person ap-
pointed was, prior to such appointment, nominated
by the President as postmaster at that place and
rejected bytheSenate; and also by authority of what
law such special agent was appointed, if he has been
appointed.
order of business.
Mr. JOHNSON. I now ask the gentleman
from Kentucky [Mr. Beck] to yield to me for
a few moments.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I am
obliged to insist on the regular order. I do
not do this capriciously, but it seems to me
necessary that we should get through with this
contested-election case as soon as possible in
order to get at the appropriation bills.
Mr. JOHNSON. My object was to speak
upon what I deem a question of privilege;
but I do not want to encroach upon the time
of the gentleman from Kentucky.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. If the
gentleman from Kentucky yields a portion of
his time to the gentleman from California [Mr.
Johnson] I have no objection.
Mr. JOHNSON. If the time which I might
occupy must come out of the time of the gen-
tleman from Kentucky I do not insist on the
request.
election contest smith vs. brown.
The SPEAKER. The House resumes, as the
regular order, the consideration of the resolu-
tions reported by the Committee of Elections
upon the contested election from the second
district of Kentucky. It having been ordered
yesterday by unanimous consent that the reso-
lutions should be considered and acted on sep-
arately, the first resolution is now before the
House, on which the gentleman from Kentucky
[Mr. Beck] is entitled to the floor for fifty-five
minutes.
The resolutions are as follows:
Remitted, That John Young Brown having volun-
tarily given aid, countenance, counsel, and eneour-
agementto persons engaged in armed hostility to the
United States, is not entitled to take the oath of office
as a Representative in this House from the second
congressional district of Kentucky, or to hold a seat
therein as 6uch Representative.
Resolved, That Samuel E. Smith, not having re-
ceived a majority of the votes cast for Representa-
tive in this House from the second congressional
district of Kentucky, is not entitled to a seat therein
as such Representative.
Resolved, That the Speaker be directed to notify
the Governor of Kentucky that a vacancy exists in
the representation in this House from the second
congressional district of Kentucky.
Mr. BECK. The sickness of the gentleman
from Indiana, [Mr. Kerr,] who prepared and
presented the minority report and the resolu-
tion for the admission of Mr. Brown based
thereon, and the politeness of his colleague,
Mr. Chandler, who has kindly given me his
time because of the greater familiarity I neces-
sarily have with the local questions that bear
so prominently on the charges against my
colleague, is my excuse for presenting my
views in support of the position taken by the
minority in advance of the members of the
committee. In doing so I will not be able for
want of time to follow, answer, and controvert
in detail the positions of law and fact assumed
by the majority; that I know will be ably done
hereafter by the distinguished member of the
committee, [Mr. Kerr.] I will simply give an
outline of the principles which I contend ought
to govern the case, and of the facts on which
I rely to show that Mr. Brown is entitled to
his seat. As I said the Committee of Elec-
tions having been unable to agree as to the
right of my colleague [Mr. Brown] to his seat
in this body because of his personal disquali-
fication, and having determined unanimously
that the contestant [Mr. Smith] is not entitled
to it, I shall confine my argument to the con-
troverted question, and endeavor t© show that
the minority report is in all respect correct.
While the conclusions to which the majority
have arrived, and the deductions they have
drawn from his letter of April 18, 1861, which
contains the only ground for his exclusion, (as
both reports admit,) are wholly unsustained
by any unbiased or rational interpretation of it.
Mr. Smith, beaten as he was by over 6,000
majority, at an election fairly held, at which
he fails to show that a single illegal vote was
cast, or a single officer at any precinct failed
to do his whole duty, presents himself in a
position sufficiently humiliating to shield him
from any exposure beyond what he has seen
