902
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February I,
tit to make. I will leave that branch of the
case with this quotation from the report of the
majority :
The wilt of the majority, expressed in conformity
with established law, is the very basis on which rests
the foundation of our institutions, and any attempt
to substitute therefor the will of a minority is an at-
tack upon thefundamental priuciplesof the Govern-
ment, and if successful will provo their overthrow.
Tho committee shrink from this attack, ami there-
fore they recommend the adoption of tho following
resolutions:
lie$o'r<ni. That Samuel E. Smith, not having re-
ceived a majority of the votes cast for Represent-
ative in this House from the second congressional
district of Kentucky, is not entitled to a seat therein
as such Representative.
While I feel a deep interest in the cause of
my colleague, arising from a thorough and I
think well-founded conviction that he is enti-
tled to his seat here, under any rule that
this House has yet recognized, especially un-
der the rule established by the committee in
their report on the other Kentucky cases, I
feel an equal, if not greater, anxiety that this
House shall not establish a precedent which
strikes down the right, either of the people of
the second congressional district in Kentucky,
or of any other district or State, to select the men
of their choice to represent them, to cast their
votes and urge their views on the floor of this
House npon terms of perfect equality with the
Representatives of each and all the other States
in the Union.
Free and equal representation in this Hall,
as the committee very properly urge, cannot
be too sacredly maintained. It is the very
essence of republican liberty and law, and
when this Congress considers that the prece-
dent now being established may be the guide
for other Congresses perhaps centuries in the
future, its members, if they arc wise, will be
slow to establish any principle—merely for the
sake of temporary party advantage—which will
not stand the test of unbiased scrutiny when
tested by the principles of the Constitution.
What Hallam, in his History of the Middle
Ages, says of innovations in all Governments is
emphatically true of a great Republic like this:
" As we find in the history of all usurping Govern-
ments, time changes anomaly into system and injury
into right; examples beget custom andeustomripens
into law, and the doubtful precedents of one genera-
tion become the fundamental maxims of another."
This House should not only shrink from any
attacks, but, as faithful sentinels on the watch-
towers of libejty, ought to see that no encroach-
ments are made and no means resorted to which
tend, even remotely, to subvert the bulwarks
of the Constitution—the great palladium of the
people's rights, the only safeguard of their liber-
ties. The party in power to-day may before
many months need its protection to guard their
rights and the rights of their constituents to
representation in this Hall as much as the Dem-
ocratic party now do. In a free elective repub-
lic no man and no party has a lease on power
or place. The majority here to-day may be—
yes, will be—the minority in the next Congress.
The persecutor now may be the persecuted then.
History often repeats itself, and by its teach-
ings we know that the men who in the time of
Charles I of England maintained all the high
prerogatives of the crown as undoubted rights
when only their adversaries were the sufferers,
and those who in thebleody days of the French
Revolution remorselessly sacrificed the lives
of their enemies on the guillotine themselves
Ml victims to the tortures their own ingenuity
devised, and their wails and supplications were
none the less earnest because they invented the
instruments of torture or taught their enemies
liow to use them. Men feel the misfortunes of
llieir enemies, personal and political, with one
sort of sensibility, and their own with a very
different sort. I assume that whenever, from
any cause or to promote any end however desir-
able, the guarantees and requirements of the
Constitution are set aside or disregarded, the
country and all the men and all the parties in
it. are on a trackless sea, without a compass and
without a rudder, the sport of every wind and
;>f every shifting current.
I know that every dangerappears trivial in the
eyes of an exasperated faction when compared
to the ascendency of the adversary they hate and
fear; still the fact remains that the principle or
precedent, call it what you will, which this Con-
gress may establish in this case may and will—I
had almost said ought—to regulate and con-
trol the action of the Opposition when in the
majority, especially when the cases of the pres-
ent members of the present majority come to
be acted on hereafter. We have the highest
authority known to the Christian world for the
assertion that ''with what judgment ye judge,
ye shall be judged; and with what measure ye
mete, it shall it be measured unto you." As-
suming, as is done here, the power of Congress
not only to exact the present test-oath as a con-
dition-precedent to the right to be a Represent-
ative on this floor, but the further right in this
body to deny his light to take it, even when
the Representative is willing to do so, and what
is the logical consequence? Retaliation. In
what form I cannot predict; but that it will
come, and come with crushing weight, is as
certain as that effect follows cause. It may
possibly assume some such form as this. The
Democratic party and the unprejudiced men
of all parties generally throughout, the coun-
try believe that the recent so-called recon-
struction acts are plain, palpable, obvious vio-
lations of the Federal Constitution, and that
no man who reads that instrument and the
recent decisions of the Supreme Court, its
official expounders, can doubt it. An addi-
I tion may be made by act, or even resolution,
to the test-oath, that no man shall take his
( seat as a Representative who has knowingly
violated the Constitution lie has sworn to sup-
port ; and when the cases of Republican mem-
bers, who voted for these measures, are re-
ferred to, and reported on, by a Democratic
committee before the member-elect is allowed
to be sworn, although he may be willing to
take the oath and swear that he had not vio-
lated that obligation, could not the committee,
with the Constitution and the decisions before
them, demonstrate from their stand-point in a
■ report far less strained than the report here,
j that he had, and reject him? That is only one
i form in which it might arise. A thousand
I others might be suggested. It may arise, per-
haps, in some of the forms suggested by the
[ Supreme Court, in Cummins and Garland's
cases, 4 Wallace. My object is simply to show
I that all that class of party legislation is sub-
i versive of the plainest and most important
I principles in our fundamental law.
J This House has never yet established this
! precedent, though many cases have been, as I
think, wrongfully referred, and I hope and
trust it never will. In the language of the
minority report, "intentionally waiving the
1 expression of any opinion touching the valid-
| ity of the oath itself," and for the purposes of
, this argument admitting its constitutionality, I
contend that there is nothing in its provisions
by which the member-elect can be deprived of
his right to take it and take his seat as a mem-
ber. If in the opinion of this House he takes
it wrongfully the House has the power to ex-
pel him, provided two thirds of the members
concur in doing so. It never was intended
even by that oath to make the right of a Rep-
resentative to his place depend upon the will
of a mere party majority. That was a device
resorted to for the first time by the last Con-
gress, so far as I am aware of the action of
this House.
Mr. UPSON. I would like to ask the gen-
tleman a question light here. If. as the gen-
tleman admits, a well-sustained charge of dis-
loyalty would justify this House in expelling
a member, does not such a charge, when prop-
erly supported, justify the rejection of a person
presenting himself for admission as a member?
Mr. BECK. No, sir; because the man has
a right to demand that on a trial as a member
of this House he shall be convicted, if at all,
by not less than two thirds of the members of
the House. That is the very question I pro-
pose to argue. I intend briefly to present my
reasons for assuming that ground before I pro-
ceed to prove, as I can to any unbiased mind,
that Mr. Brown is entitled, from the facts in
this case, to take his seat, being not only will-
ing but able, conscientiously and honestly, to
take the prescribed oath, having done no act
inconsistent with the spirit, true intent, and
meaning thereof. In passing I will endeavor
to point out the errors and false reasoning of
the majority report. They will certainly ap-
pear as the true state of the case is developed.
Rut first, as to Mr. Brown's right to take the
oath.
The Constitution of the United States was
formed by thirteen free, sovereign, and inde-
pendent States, or by the people thereof, I
care not which for the purposes of my argu-
ment. They granted to the Federal Govern-
ment, as the common agent of all, the powers
therein specified, and the means necessary and
proper to carry out and enforce the powers so
granted. All else was reserved to the States
respectively or to the people. Their right of
representation in both branches of Congress
was carefully and sacredly guarded. As all
the people could not attend in person, they re-
served the right to be heard and to vote on all
questions through the men of their choice,
pledging themselves each to the other only to
these propositions:
1. lhat no person should, in any State, have
the right to vote for a member of Congress
from such State unless such person should
have all the qualifications requisite for an elect-
or of the most numerous branch of the State
Legislature. What the qualifications of such
electors should be was a question solely for
the States themselves. One State might allow
negroes, women, unnaturalized foreigners, or
any other persons the Legislature of the State
saw fit to be such electors. Another might
exclude all except white male citizens who
were freeholders or affix any other limitations
it saw fit, and in every case the persons so
qualified as electors for the most numerous
branch of the State Legislature are qualified
by the Constitution as electors for Represent-
atives of their respective States in Congres?,
and neither Congress nor any other State shall
question the right of such electors to vote.
2. The States further agreed with each other
that no State should elect any person as their
Representative in Congress who should not
have attained twenty-five years of age and have
been seven years a citizen of the United States,
and who should not be when elected an inhabit-
ant of that State in which he shall be chosen.
Power was given by the Constitution to each
House to judge of the election, returns, and
qualifications of its own members. J udge how ?
Like all other courts under the Constitution ;
and each House, with the concurrence of two
thirds, can expel a member. Subject, how-
ever, to these limitations, the right and power of
the States over their Representatives in Con-
gress is complete and exclusive. Congress can
only determine whether the Representative
chosen is twenty-five years of age ; whether he
has been a citizen of the United States for seven
years, and whether he resided, when elected,
in the State from which he was chosen. If he
possesses all these qualifications Congress, if
it adheres to the Constitution find acknowl-
edges it as the supreme and controlling law of
the land, is bound to pronounce him qualified.
If the electors who voted for hi in possessed at
the time all the qualifications requisite for
electors for the most numerous branch of the
State Legislature of the State in which they
reside, and the officers of the election were
qualified to conduct it, and they and the boards
of examiners properly attested the facts rela-
tive thereto, Congress is bound, constitution-
ally, to declare that the election and the returns
thereof are regular and proper ; and that ex-
hausts the power of Congress.
The attempt by the act of Congress of July
2, 18G2, to impose additional qualifications—
if that is to be the construction put upon it—
is in direct conflict with the terms of the ori-
ginal compact, and the attempt thereby to
impose additional limitations on the rights of
the States and their Representatives not being
