904
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 1,
the State owed to the State to remain in it; i
that Kentucky would act as a peace-maker,
and that it was the duty of the young men not
to go into the southern army, yet in the face of
all this evidence, sustained as it is by the tes-
timony of all the witnesses in the case, uncon-
tradicted and unimpeached, the majority of
the committee in their report say, and it is a
fair specimen of the way in which they treated
the facts throughout:
" The committee cannot avoid the force of another
consideration in this connection. Mr. Brown him-
self, so far as is shown, never till the hearing before
this committee put upon this letter the construction
now claimed for it. As late as during the canvass
tor the seat now claimed, in April last, it was publicly
charged upon him as a treasonable document, and
nowhere as far as the committee can learn, did he dis-
avow the plain import of the words or claim for them
any other interpretation, but on the other hand re-
cused the plaudits of rebel sympathizers upon his
announcement that the letter still expressed his sen-
timents.
" The committee have not been able to find, either
in tho letter itself or in anything said or done by Mr.
Brown at the time or since, evidence that leads or
tends to any other conclusion than that the letter
was a promise of impunity to those who would sup-
port tho rebel cause, and a threat of death to those
wh  espoused the cause of the Union."
I assert that every conclusion arrived at by
the majority of the committee, in the sentences
above-quoted, is not only not sustained by the
evidence, but is flatly contradicted by it.
Mr. Brown was not only a Union man, but
he had been a warm advocate for the election
of J udge Douglas, and a firm believer in the
wisdom, patriotism, and sagacity of that dis-
tinguished statesman, to whose political fortunes
he had attached himself in opposition to a large
majority of the Democratic party in Kentucky.
He was, therefore, fully persuaded that any
line of policy variant from that advocated by
his great leader was detrimental in the highest
degreetothebestiuterestsofthecountry. What
Judge Douglas's views were are fully set forth
in the great speech made by him in the Senate
of the Jnited States on the 15th day of March,
18(51, and they were taken up and maintained
by his political friends all over the country as
the only true line of policy to be pursued. The
following extracts therefrom will show what j
these views were: :
"But we are told that the President is going to en- !
force the laws in the seceded States. How? Bycall-
ingoutthe militia and using the Army and Navy?
These terms are used as treely and as tlippantly as if
we were in a military Government, where martial law
was the only rule of action, and the will of the mon-
arch was the only law to the subject. Sir, the Presi-
dent cannot use the Army or the Navy or the mili-
tia for any purpose not authorized by law; and then
he must do it in the manner, aud only in the manner,
prescribed by law. What is that? It'there bean in-
surrection in any State against the laws and author-
ities thereof, the President can use the military to put
it down only when called upon by the State Legisla-
ture, if it be in session, or, if it cannot be convened,
by the Governor. He cannot interfere except when
requested. If, on the contrary, the insurrection be
against the laws of tho United States instead of a
State, then the President can use the military only
as a paste comitatus in aid of the marshal in such
cases as are so extreme that judicial authority and
the powers of the marshal cannot put down the ob-
struction. The military cannot bo used in any case
whatever except in aid of civil process to assist tho
marshal to executeawrit. I shall not quoto tho laws
upon this subject; but if gentlemen will refer to the
acts of 1795 and 1807 they will find that under the act
of 1795 the militia only could be called out to aid
in the enforcement of the laws when resisted to such
an extent that the marshal could not overcome tho
obstruction. By the act of 1807 the President is au-
thorized to use the Army and Navy to aid in enforc-
ing the laws in all cases where it was before lawlul to
use the militia. Hence the military power, no mat-
ter whether Navy, regulars, volunteers, or inihtia,
can be used only in aid of the civil authorities."
**********
" Whereis your judge in the seceded States ? Where
is your marshalV You have no civil authorities there,
and the President, in his inaugural, tells you he does
not intend to appoint any." ■  * * . * *.
"Tnen, sir, wnat cause is there for apprehension
that tho President of the United States is going to
pursue a war policy unless he shall call Congress for
the purpose of conferring tho power and providing
the moans? I presume no Senator will pretend that
he has any authority under the existing law to do
anything in the premises except what I have stated
and in the manner I have stated. If I am mistaken
in regard to these laws I shall be obliged to any Sen-
ator who will correct me. I have examined them
carefully, and I think I have stated them accurately ;
but if not, I should like to be corrected."
**********
" I say they knew they had the power to pass these
measures in both Houses of Congress. They con-
sulted and conversed about some of these measures;
approached this side of the Chamber. They knew
that they had the power to pass the bills it they I
brought them in." * * * ~ Sen-
ator from that side has ventured to amrm that the
President's policy is not peace, jo one has ventured
to assert that he means what is called the coercive
policy; and I apprehend that no ono of them is au-
thorized to say so. No ono being authorized to con-
tradict me on these points, and no one being able to
deny from the language of the inaugural that I put
the correct interpretation upon it, X tind no other
response than silonce." * * * ,
"We certainly cannot justify the holding of forts
there, much less the recapturing of those that have
been taken, unless wo intend to reduce those States
themselves into subjection. I take it for granted no
man will deny the proposition that whoever perma-
nently holds Charleston and South Carolina is enti-
tled to the possession of Fort Sumter. Whoever per-
manently holds Pensacola and Florida is entitled to
the possession of Fort Pickens. Whoever holds the
States in whose limits those forts arc placed is enti-
tled to the forts themselves, unless there is something
peculiar in the location of some particular tort that
makes it important for us to hold it for the general
defense of the whole country, its commerce, and in-
terests, instead of being useful only for the dofenso
of a particular city or locality." * * * *
"I repeat, it is tiino that the lino of policy was
adopted and that tho country knew it. In my opin-
ion, wo must choose, and that promptly, between one
of three lines of policy:
" 1. Tho restoration and preservation of the Union
by such amendments to tho Constitution as will in-
sure tho domestic tranquillity, safety, and equality
of all the States, and thus restore peace, unity, and j
fraternity to the whole country.
"2. A peaceful dissolution of the Union, by recogn-
izing the independence of such States as refuse to
remain in the Union without such constitutional
amendments, and the establishment of a liberal sys-
tem of commercial and social intercourse with them
by treaties of eommereo and amity.
"3. War with a view to tho subjugation and mili-
tary occupation ofthose States which havesecoded or
may secede from the Union."
**********
"In my opinion tho first proposition is the best,
and the last tho worst. Why cannot we arrive at
some amicable adjustment of the questions in dis-
pute? The President of the United States has told
us clearly and distinctly the causes which have pro-
duced these difficulties. I think he has stated them
truly, frankly. Ho says these troubles all arise from
tho absence of an express provision of the Constitu-
tion defining the power of Congress over the question
of slavery. If it be true that tho troubles arise from
the absence of such a provision it necessarily follows
that the true remedy is the supplying of such a pro-
vision. Hence the President has marked out clearly
the path to be pursued to arrive at an amicablo solu-
tion. Tho exercise of doubtful power—power de-
rived from inference and construction on the ques-
tion of slavery—has led to these troubles."
******* * * #
"At all events, sir, I am in favor of such amend-
ments to the Constitution as will take that question
out of Congress, and restore peace to the country.
That may be done by non-intervention—by popular
sovereignty, as it is called, or by the Crittenden
amendment, making nn equitablo partition of the
territory between tho two sections, with a self-exe-
cuting clause prohibiting it on one side and protect-
ing it on tho other. It may be done on tho basis of
the peace commission. It may be done in various
ways. I prefer such nn amicable settlement to peacc-
ablo disunion; and! prefer it a thousand times to
civil war." ********
" I repeat, whatever guarantees will satisfy Mary-
land and the Dorder States (the States now in the
Union) will create a Union party in the seceded
States that will bring them back by the voluntary
action of their own people. You can restore and
preserve tho Union in that mode. You can do it in
no other.
" War is disunion. Warisfinal, eternalseparation.
Hence, disguise it as you may, every Union man in
America must advocate such amendments to tho
Constitution as will preserve peace and restore the
Union; whilo every disunionist, whether openly or
secretly plotting its destruction, is tho advocate of
peaceful secession or of war as the surest means of
rendering reunion and reconstruction impossible. I
have too much respect for any man that has stand-
ing onough to bo elected a Senator to believe that
ho is for war as a moans of preserving the Union. I
have too much respect for his intellect to believe for
ono moment that there is a man for war who is not
a disunionist/er se. Hence, I do not mean, if I can
prevent it, that the cnemiesof the Union—men plot-
ting to destroy it—shall drag this country into war,
under the pretext of protecting tho public property,
and enforcing the laws, aud collecting revenue,
when their object is disunion, and war the moans of
accomplishing a cherished purpose.
" Tho disuiuonists, therefore, are divided into two
classes: the one open, the other secret disunionists.
Tho ono is in favor of peaceful secession and a recog-
nition of independence; the other is in favor of war
as the surest means of accomplishing the object and
of making the separation final and eternal. I am a
Union man, aud hence against war; but if the Union
must bo temporarily broken by revolution, and the
establishment of a dc facto government by some of
the States, let no act be done that will prwent
restoration and future preservation. Peace is the
only policy that can lead to that result.
" But we arc told, and we hear it repeated every-
where, that wo must find out whether we have got a
Government. 'Have we a Government?' U the
question; and we are told that we must test that
question by using the military power to put down
all discontented spirits. Sir, this question, 'Have we
a Government?' has been propounded by every
tyrant who has tried to keep his feet on the necks of
the people since the world began. When the barons
demanded Magna Charta from King John at Runny-
medo he exclaimed, 'Have wo a Government?' and
called for his army to put down the discontented
barons. When Charles I attempted to collect the
ship money, in violation of the constitution ot Eng-
land, and in disregard of the rights of the people, and
was resisted by them, he exclaimed, 'Havewcabov-
eminent? Wo cannot treat with rebels; put down
the traitors; we must show that we have a Govern-
ment.' When James II was driven from the throne
of England for trampling on the liberties of the peo-
plo he called for his army, and exclaimed, Let us
show that we have a Governmentl' When George
III called upon his army to put down the rebellion
in America Lord North cried lustily, 'No compro-
mise with traitors ; let us demonstrate that we have
a Government.' When, in 1848, the people rose upon
their tyrants all over Europe and demanded guaran-
tees for tlicir rights, every crowned head exclaimed,
'Have wc a Government?' and appealed to thearmy
to vindicate their authority and to enforce the law.
" Sir, the history of the world does not fail to con-
demn the folly, weakness,_ and wickedness of that
Government which drew its sword upon its own
people when they demanded guarantees for their
rights. This cry that we must have a Government
is merely following the example of the besotted
Bourbon, who never learned anything by misfortune,
never forgave an injurs-, never torgot an affront.
Must we demonstrate that we have got a Govern-
ment and coerce obcdience without reference to the
justice or injustice ol the complaints? Sir, when-
ever ten "million people proclaim to you with one
unanimous voice that they apprehend their rights,
their firesides, and their family altars are in danger,
i it becomes a wise Governmentto listen to the appeal
and to remove the apprehension. History does not
record an example where any human Government
has been strong enough to crush ten million people
\ into subjection when they believed their rights and
liberties were imperiled without first converting the
| Government itself into a despotism and destroying
1 the last vestige of freedom.
" Thepeoplcofthe South believe they arein danger.
They believe that you meditate an invasion of their
constitutional rights. They believe that you intend
i to stir up servile insurrection and stimulate their
i slaves to cut the throats of their masters and their
I wives and children. Believing this, they will act
upon that belief, unless you will remove all cause of
apprehension. If this apprehension be ill-founded,
if there is no cause for it, you are bound to remove
it. If it be well-founded you have no right to refuse
to redress their grievances."—Congressional Globe,
; second session Thirty-Sixth Congress, pages 1458 to 1461.
! If the great statesman of Illinois had been
arraigned at the bar of this House, and his
j seat as a Representative of his people with*
I held from him because of the utterance of
these sentiments, could not a case have been
made out showing that it gave more aid, coun-
tenance, and comfort to those engaged in the
rebellion than anything my colleague ever
uttered ? A Senator in his place, after seven
States had seceded, announcing that South
Carolina was entitled to Sumter; that Mr. Lin-
coln had no power to call out the militia ex-
cept to aid the civil authorities when called
upon by them to do so; that war was disunion;
that the party favoring it were traitors to their
country; that their pretense of right was the
rallying cry of tyrants, in a speech read by or
to every man in the country, North and South,
who could either read or listen. In its effect
the letter of my colleague, written by a man
not'in placc or power, to a newspaper in a
provincial town where, perhaps, no armed
rebel ever saw it, in a State where no rebel
organization then existed, would pale into in-
significance. Would any man in this House
have dared so to arraign Judge Douglas? No.
He would rather that his right hand should
wither, and his tongue cleave to the roof of
his mouth, than to have faced the storm of
public malediction and the terrible invective
which would have been poured on his devoted
head. Sir, the denunciations of Cicero against
Verres, and of Burke, Fox, and Sheridan
against Hastings, would have been feeble
echoes compared with the thunders of the
western giant against such an attack on civil
liberty and free representative government.
I can imagine him once more in the Hall his
presence adorned, and hear him exclaim in a
voice that would awake its echoes " from tur-
ret to foundation-stone:''
"What, darestyou ttien.
To beard the lion in his den,
The Douglas in his Hall?
And hopest you hence unscathed to go?
No, by Saint Bride of Bothwell, no."
