1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
905
but the men and the ideas of the generation
to which Douglas belonged, and among whom
he was not the greatest, have passed away.
1 lie g:aut oaks and towering elms of' the pri-
uK\al lorest have iallen; au inferior second
growth uow occupy their places; pigmies are
in the castles of the giants; party behests over-
ride constitutional obligations, and the ral-
lyiug cry ot faction supersedes and annuls all
the cardinal principles of the fundamental
law.
As I said, my colleague was a follower of
Douglas; all these views and sentiments were
fully known to him long before April 18, 1801.
He had been in his place in this House till
March 4, 1801. Seven States had seceded
while he was here,aud the Republican party in
Congress not only did not attempt to make war
upon them or to coerce them into submission,
but although they knew that Mr. Lincoln would
be inaugurated on the 4th of March, 1801, they
had refused to put that power into his hands,
and left him trammeled by the laws of 1795 and
180i, which limited his power to cases therein
provided for, and pointed out the mode in
which, aud in which only, the power thereby
conferred should be exercised, though, as stated
in the speech of Judge Douglas above cited,
they had the power, at any time for six weeks
prior to March 4, to have conferred upon him
all the authority they desired. The time of
that Congress had been spent in efforts to com-
promise, and, by amendments to the Constitu-
tion, restore harmony and prevent conflicts in
the future. The extreme southern States, with
a folly that staggered and amazed the border
States, had passed their ordinances of secession,
and had withdrawn their Representatives from
the Halls of Congress. Still, when Mr. Lin-
coln was inaugurated his address was claimed
to mean peace and acquiescence in their with-
drawal. The border States almost unanimously
opposed coercion.
Mr. Lincoln did not summon the Thirty-
Seventh Congress to meet till the 4th of July.
Compromise was still in every man's month
and when suddenly the policy seemed to be
changed, and war, which was regarded by
many of the most devoted friends of the Union
as per se disunion, seemed to be determined
on, Mr. Brown denounced the policy and the
men in Kentucky who would volunteer to carry
it out, not because he desired thereby to aid
the rebellion, but because he regarded it as a
death-blow to all the hopes of restoration which
he cherished so fondly, that, to use his own
expression at the time, as proved, he would
willingly lay down his life to preserve the
Union. Mr. Brown was not only a Union man
and a Douglas Democrat, but he was a Ken-
tuckian, and the party to which he belonged
in his State had determined if war should en-
sue to remain neutral in the strife, hoping thus
to be able to mediate and make peace between
the warring sections. The position, the insti-
tutions, the relationship by blood, by commerce,
and by political and geographical affinity, made
Kentucky sympathize with the southern States,
much as she deplored their course, while the
certainty that her soil would be the theater of
the conflict, if one should ensue; made her
more anxious than perhaps any other State to
preserve peace and restore harmony and fra-
ternal affection. The great mass of her peo-
ple of all shades of political opinions united
on this idea, and when Sumter fell and Mr.
Lincoln issued his proclamation for seventy-
five thousand militia without the sanction of
Congress the people of Kentucky were more
than ever determined that the State should not
thus be dragged into a war the end of which no
man could foresee. This was no hurried con-
clusion, but the result of calm, deliberate ac-
tion on the part of the leading men in the
State. As early as January 8,1861, the Union
party and the Douglas Democracy met in State
convention at Louisville, and the following,
among other resolutions, were unanimously
adopted by men the loyalty of many of whom
then, ever since, and now, is as undoubted,
even according to the Radical idea of it, as
that of any man on this floor:
" Resolutions adopted by the Union State Cbrmntion
held in Louisville on the 8tk of January, l:>iii.
".The following resolutions woro reported to the
L mon Democratic State convention by a committee
composed of the following gentlemen, to wit: Gov-
ernor Dixon, W. G. Thompson, Judge Barkeo, J. P.
Barbour, Alexander Lusk, J. 1'. Bullitt, John Jack-
son, \ . B. Young, T. L. Jones; and to tho Union
state convention by the following committee, to wit:
Hon. Garrett Davis, Hon. Joshua F. Bell, J. L.Shack-
elford, W. L. Underwood, John W. Crocket, Z. Wheat,
lliomas AY1. Riley. W. C. Goodloe, P. B. Muir, J. B.
Huston, Orlando Brown, James Taylor, were unani-
mously adopted by both meetings:
" Resolved, That if this anti-slavery party should
increase in strongth, and be abletocarry out its pur-
poses in the use of the Federal Government, the South
has ample means of resistance, and is fully able, at
any time, to resist unconstitutional aggressions; and
we have, therefore, no need to adopt hastily this last
resort.
" Resolved, That the claim set up by a majority of
the tree States to all the territory, and the assump-
tion of tho right to restrict the South from the occu-
pancy of any of the common Territories with their
institutions, is unjust and unconstitutional, and will
not bo submitted to by a free people jealous of their
rights.
"ltesolved. That we hereby recommend the adop-
tion of the proposition of our distinguished Senator,
John J. Crittenden, as a fair and honorable adjust-
ment of the difficulties which divide and distractthe
people of qpr beloved country."
After setting forth at length the Crittenden
amendments, they
" Resolved, That we recommend to the Legislature
of the State to put these amendments in form, and
submit them to the other States; and that, if the dis-
organization of the present Union is not arrested,
that the States agreeing to these amendments of the
Federal Constitution shall form aseparate confeder-
acy, with power to admitnew States under our glori-
ous Constitution thus amended.
. " Resolved, That it is expedient to call a conven-
tion of the border free and slave States, and such
Other States as may see fit to unite with them, to
consider the best mode of settlementof the questions
which now agitate and threaten to destroy the union
of these States.
" Resolved, That we deplore the existence of a
Union to be held together by the sword, with laws to
be enforced by standing armies; it is not such a
Union as our fathers intended, and not worth pre-
serving.
"Resolved, That if the State of Kentucky be rep-
resented in any convention of the States, such repre-
sentation should be chosen by the people themselves."
The names of the gentlemen composing those
committees will be recognized by the members
who are at all familiar with Kentucky or her
people as among the most prominent and influ-
ential of the Union men of the State, embrac-
ing men who have been or are governors, sen-
ators, judges, and leading representative men
in their various professions—men whose loyalty
never has been and cannot be questioned. On
the 15th day of April, 1861, the Secretary of
War sent the following telegram to the Gov-
ernor of Kentucky:
Washington, April 15.
To His Excellency Bekiah Magoffin :
Call made on you by to-night's mail for four regi-
ments of militia for immediate service.
SIMON CAMERON, Secretary of War.
To which the Governor replied:
Executive Office,
Frankfort, April 15,1861.
To Hon. Simon Cameron, Secretary of War, Wash-
ington city:
Your dispatch is received. In answer I say, em-
phatically, that Kentucky will furnish no troops for
the wicked purpose of subduing her sister southern
States. B. MAGOFFIN, Governor of Kentucky.
And the Legislature of Kentucky, which
assembled in May, 1861, by an almost unani-
mous vote in the lower House passed the fol-
lowing resolutions :
"Resolved by the House of Representatives, That this
State and the citizens thereof should take no part in
the civil war now being waged except as mediators
and friends to the beliigerent parties; and that Ken-
tucky should, during the contest, occupy the position
of strict neutrality; and your committee unani-
mously recommend the adoption of tho following
resolution:
"Resolved, Thattheactof the Governor in refusing
to furnish troops or military force upon the call of
the executive authority of the United States, under
existing circumstances is approved."
Among the names of the members voting
for those resolutions are Oscar H. Burbridge,
brother of the general; Curtis P. Burnan,
afterward the Republican candidate for United
States Senator; Milton J. Cook, now Radical
senator in Kentucky; W. L. Neale, Repub-
lican candidate for State treasurer in 1865;
and many others whose loyalty would, from the
[ Republican stand-point, compare favorably
j with the majority of the members on the other
side of this House. (See Journal for May 18,
1861.) J '
The Union men and the Union press of the
State everywhere denounced the proclamation
of the President as illegal, impolitic, and cal-
culated to bring about the very state of case
they were all striving to avoid.
The Louisville Journal, speaking of the Pres-
ident's proclamation calling for seventy-five
thousand men, says:
" The polioy announced in the proclamation de-
serves the unqualified condemnation of every Amer-
ican citizen. It is unworthy not merely of a states-
man but of a man. It is a policy utterly hairbrained
and ruinous. If Mr. Lincoln contemplated this
policy in the inaugural address he is a guilty dissem-
bler; if he has conceived it under the excitement
raised by the seizure of Fort Sumter he is a guilty
Hotspur. In either case he is miserably unfit for the
exalted position in which the enemies of the country
have placed him."
Again, the Journal says—this was written in
May, 1861:
" In our judgment, the people of Kentucky havo
answered this question in advance; and the answer,
expressed in every conceivable form of popular ex-
pression, and finally clinched by the gloridus vote
of Saturday, is: arm Kentucky, efficiently, but right-
fully and fairly, with the clear declaration that the
arming is not for offense against either tho Govern-
ment or the seceding States, but purely for defense
against whatever power sets hostile foot upon the
actual soil of the Commonwealth. In other words,
the Legislature, according to the manifest will of the
people, should declare the neutrality of Kentucky
in this unnatural and accursed war of brothers,
and equip the State for the successful maintenance
of her position at all hazards."
The Louisville Democrat, another leading
Union paper, in its issue of April 19, 1861,
said:
"Let Kentucky preservo hor neutrality, and she at
once becomes the rallying point for patriots from all
portions of the land. Western Virginia, southern
Ohio, southern Indiana, and southern Illinois will
stand by her to a man. and we are very much mis-
taken if Tennessee will not heartily cooperate.
" Conservative men froin all parts, both North and
South, will join her standard to stay the fratricidal
hand which is now being raised in anger and fury."
Neutrality, armed neutrality, respect for
which should be enforced against either side,
was the rallying cry of the Union men of Ken-
tucky. The South, they contended, had been
guilty of a great wrong ill seceding and pre-
cipitating hostilities. Mr. Lincoln and his
advisers had, as they assumed, been equally
guilty in attempting to inaugurate a war policy
without the authority of Congress; and while
patriotic men everywhere, by State and indi-
vidual action, were seeking to avert it by con-
ciliation and compromise. By a joint resolu-
tion approved on the 2d day of March, 1861,
both Houses of Congress had, by a vote of
over two thirds, submitted for ratification by
the State Legislatures the following, as the
thirteenth amendment to the Constitution:
" No amendment shall be made to the Constitution
which shall authorize or give to Congress the power
to abolish or interfere within any State with the
domestic institutions thereof, including that of per-
sons held to labor or service by the laws of said
State."—United Stales Statutes, volume 12, page 251.
The indications all were that it would be
adopted, and that its adoption would either
bring back the southern States or develop
such a Union sentiment there that the seces-
sionists would have to yield. Any policy
which defeated that and brought on collision
was therefore deprecated and denounced by all
who desired restoration in terms only limited
by the capacity of language. Mr. Lincoln
himself, up to April 18,1861, had not assumed
that war or rebellion existed. His proclama-
tion of April 15 called it an obstruction to
the execution of the laws by combinations too
powerful to be suppressed by the ordinary
course of judicial proceedings. He appealed
to, but did not order, all loyal citizens to aid
him. He called on the several States for
seventy-five thousand militia for three months,
and ordered—
"The persons composing the combinations afore-
said to disperse and retire peaceably to their respect-
ive abodes within twenty days from that date."
