1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
907
Robinson of Kentucky, Hon. John B. Hex-
dersox, now United States Senator from Mis-
souri, Governor Gamble, and others equally
loyal and distinguished, as well as the address
to the people of Kentucky by that convention,
were each as decided in their determination to
resist the Federal Government, if the neutral-
ity of the State was invaded, as any of the res-
olutions I have read, or as anything that my
colleague ever uttered, and also to show by the
letters of Senator Davis and Hon. \V. L. Un-
derwood, afterward consul to Glasgow, that
Mr. Lincoln acquiesced in, if he did not
indorse, Kentucky's position of neutrality.
For example, Mr. Underwood uses this lan-
guage :
" In rcfereneo to Kentucky, Mr. Lincoln told me
he hoped Kentucky would stand by the Government
in the present difficulties, but if she would not do
that, let her stand still and take no hostile part
against it, and that no hostile step should tread her
soil."
This was written May 1, 1861.
But time would fail me if I should attempt
it. I have often before defended men charged
with offenses. I never appeared in a case as
important in its consequences as this; but I feel
that I ought not to trespass on the time of this
House one moment longer than is absolutely
necessary to present the defense of my col-
league, though the House has with great kind-
ness unanimously consented to extend my
time. I contend that I am sustained by the
facts in the assertion that there is nothing in
the letter written by my coHeague mol'e dis- ;
loyal, according to the view taken by the ma-
jority of the committee, than the speeches, \
resolutions, and addresses to which I have j
referred. Yet who has ever dared to question i
the loyalty of the distinguished gentlemen who
uttered and published them? Who has ever
suspected that they, by so doing, either gave
or intended to give countenance, counsel, aid
or comfort to the rebellion? Why, then, apply
a rule to Mr. Brown which no body of men
would dare to apply to his coadjutors? If their
motives were patriotic, so were his; if their
object was to secure the peace of the State and
restore concord between the contending par-
ties, so was his; if their position was either
recognized or acquiesced in by the President,
he was on the same plank with them, and they
must sink or swim together.
Apply to this case the rule laid down by
the committee in the other Kentucky cases,
to wit:
"But while the committee entertained no doubt
that it is the right and duty of this House to turn back
from its very threshold every one seeking to enter
who has been engaged in armed hostility to the Gov-
ernment of the United States or has given aid and
comfort to its enemies during the late rebellion, yet
we believe that in our Government the right of rep-
resentation is so sacred that no man who has been
duly eleeted by the legal voters of his district should
be refused his seat upon the ground of his personal
disloyalty, unless it is proven that he has been guilty
of such open acts of disloyalty that he cannot hon-
estly and truly take the oath prescribed by the act of
July 2,1862; and further, that the commission of such
acts of disloyalty to the Government should not be
suspected merely, but should be proven by clear and
satisfactory testimony: and that while mere want of
active support of the Government or a passive sym-
pathy with the rebellion are not sufficient to exclude
a person regularly elected from taking his seat in the
House, yet whenever it is shown by proof that the
claimanthas by act or speech given aid or counten-
ance to the rebellion he should not be permitted to
take the oath, and such acts or speech need not be
mch as to constitute treason technically, but must
have been so overt and public and must hare been
done or said under such circumstances as fairly to
show that they were actually designed to, and in
their nature tended to, forward the cause of the rebel-
lion."
And who can say that it is proved by clear and
satisfactory testimony that Mr. Brown's letter
was written under such circumstances as fairly
to show that it was either actually designed to,
or in its nature intended to, forward the cause
of the rebellion ?
When this House undertakes to act judi-
cially it will, of course, conform to the rules
and be governed by the principles which control
and govern judicial tribunals, one of the plain-
est and most obvious of which is that the act
inquired into and the motives which prompted it
shall be judged by the light of all the surround-
ings. Indeed, the whole object in the admission
of evidence as to the acts and declarations of the
man on trial and those associated with him, at
and about the time of the act inquired of, is 1
to enable the court to place itself as nearly as
possible in the position occupied by him, and
from that stand-point, in the light of his past
history and line of conduct and his acts and
declarations at and about the time to which
the inquiry is directed, determine the true
intent, meaning, and animus of the act.
Give Mr. Brown the benefit of these obvi-
ously just principles, even if you deny him the
benefit of the presumption of innocence which
the law in its benevolence throws around the
meanest and most abandoned culprit until
every link in the change of evidence necessary
to fasten guilt upon him is proved by his prose-
cutor beyond a reasonable doubt, and I have
no fear of the result before any body of impar-
tial men.
How is it proved that Mr. Brown wrote the
letter in question? Alone by his own admission.
No proof aliunde was offered, and I assert,
with the record before the House, that he never
admitted the authorship of that letter without
coupling the admission with the explanation
that he did it from a desire to maintain in good
faith the neutrality of Kentucky; that he was
a Union man in full accord with the Union
party in the State; and that Mr. Guthrie, Mr.
Speed, General Rousseau, and other distin-
guished Union men occupied the same posi-
tion, and used language as objectionable as any
used by him, and that the whole Union party
in the State maintained the same views. The
testimony I have already read, as well as that
incorporated into the minority report, verifies
the assertion. It is one of the plainest prin-
ciples of law and justice, that if the prosecution
undertake to rely on the admissions of the
accused the whole admission must be taken to-
gether, and whatever qualifications or explana_-
tions are made by him at the time of the admis-
sion relied on are to be considered as evidence
in the cause. If a defendant even in a civil suit
admits that he borrowed money from the plain-
tiff, but says at the same time that he had paid
it back, can judgment go against him on the
admission that he had borrowed it, to the ex-
clusion of the statement that he had paid it
back? Surely not.
A man admits that he committed a homi-
cide, but says at the same time that the man
he slew had waylaid hitn and was then and
there about to take his life, and that his only
means of saving it was to slay his assailant, as
he did. Could he be convicted on the admis-
sion of the first stated fact to the exclusion of
the statement as to the motives which influ-
enced his conduct? Most assuredly not. The
whole must be taken together. So in this case,
Mr. Brown's statements as to his position and
the motives that operated on him, and which
at the time, according to his judgment, war-
ranted him as a Union man in writing it, must
all be considered and taken as part of the ad-
mission relied on, and unless they are contra-
dicted, either by other evidence or by estab-
lished facts wholly inconsistent with their
truth, the statements made by Mr. Brown as
to his position and motives must be taken as
true; and if so, that settles the question.
Events which transpired months and years
afterward cannot be relied on either to qualify
or explain the nature or character of the act.
It is very easy now for the committee, after the
lapse of seven years, to pronounce Kentucky
neutrality as "alike an anomaly and an impos-
sibility." It subsequently proved to be so, if
you please. But on the 18th day of April,
1861, there was nothing in the past history of
the country or in the action of political parties
that even indicated such a result. There had
been rebellions and threats of secession and
resistance to Federal authority before—Shay's
rebellion in Massachusetts, the whisky rebel-
lion in Pennsylvania, the discontents growing
out of the purchase of Louisiana, the Hartford
Convention, the South Carolina nullification ;
each and all had been settled by statesmanship,
when war or coercion might have produced
very different results, and a similar solution
was hoped for and believed in, in the early
part of 1861, by the best and wisest men in
the country. The committee say:
" It soon passed away, leaving all who professed it
to unmasked support of tho cause most in accord
with their sympathies."
Test Mr. Brown by that rule and he stands
guiltless. From the 18th of April, 1801, to
the close of the war all the testimony shows
that he bore true faith and allegiance to the
Federal Government.
I here defy any man to point to the word or
act that militates against that statement. If
he had been seeking to aid the rebellion so
earnestly and his hostility to the Union had
been so deadly that he was threatening assassi-
nation to every one in the State that should go
to its support, as the majority of the commit-
tee charge, would he have pursued that course?
Young, gallant, chivalrous, as all his acquaint-
ances know him to be, if he had entertained
such sentiments he would have been the first
to shoulder his musket and take the field. I
dare not allow myself to speak of the charge
made especially by the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Shellabarger] that he was at heart an
assassin. The loathing and contempt which
he, in common with all Kentucky gentlemen,
has for such a character is part of the public
history of the country. Robbed, despoiled,
' insulted, and her people murdered by those
who ought to have been her protectors, who
has ever beard of the assassination of the per-
petrators of the outrages by any Kentuckian ?
They may have too much of the headstrong,
unreasoning desperation of Othello ; they can
at least respect it. But they have only un-
utterable loathing, scorn, and contempt for
"honest Iago." That character flourishes
elsewhere than in Kentucky. But I am digress-
ing and time is precious. My construction of
this letter is sustained not only by the subse-
quent conduct of Mr. Brown but by the fact,
not heretofore noticed, that on the 13th day of
May, 1861, he announced himself as a candi-
date before the Union party for Congress by
publishing the following card in the Union
newspapers in Louisville:
To the Voters of the Fifth Oongreszional District.
Elizabethtown, May 13,1861.
Fellow-Citizens: In compliance with the wishes
of my friends throughout the fifth congressional dis-
trict, I announce myself as a candidate for reelection
to Congress. My opinions are the same as hereto-
fore expressed in public speeches made in seven
counties of the district. I have seen no reason to
change them, and I have not changed them.
Kentucky'spresentposition should be maintained.
With coolness and firmness and courage let herbrave
and patriotic sons struggle hopefully and unpaus-
ingly to preserve her present proper and command-
ing attitude. By her recent unparalleled vote our
State has sent up from the depths of her great heart
a prayer for peace, and given a pledge of her noblo
conservatism. As she is free from the guilt of the
unhappy troubles of the nation let in shield her, if
we can, from their harmful consequences.
At an early day 1 will make appointments and
canvass the district, so far as I am able.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant.
JOHN YOUNG BROWN.
The Journal thus notices it:
"Hon. John Young Brown.—We take great pleas-
ure in publishing the address of Hon. John Young
Brown to tho voters of the fifth congressional dis-
trict. The address is brief, yet full, and to every
patriot it must be satisfactory.
" Wo know that Mr. Brown had no wish to beacan-
didate for reelection to Congress, and consented only
after much earnest persuasion from the friends of the
Union. He is emphatically a man for the times-
brave, bold, eloquent, patriotic, firm, and incor-
ruptible. Moreover, his intellectual ability is very
extraordinary, and the extent of hispolitical knowl-
edge remarkable. Y'oung as he is, he can grapple
with the strongest men of the nation as their peer.
If his life be spared ho will.no matter what political
revolution may occur, be one of the master-spirits of
our land, for such power as hi3 must in any condition
of things make itself felt.
"There are other noble Union spirits in the fifth
congressional district, but we have no doubt that
our friends in that district will, by common consent,
hail John Young Brown as their champion in the
congressional canvass."
The Democrat says:
"We publish below the card of John Young Tlrown
announcing himselfacandidate for reelection m tho
fifth congressional district of Kentucky. Itmioulsus
