1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
909
on this floor—that, as Mr. Stokes had after-
ward joined the Federal Army and rendered !i
gallant service there, he had brought forth
truit mete tor repentance, and his sins should
be forgiven. Who invested this House with
the pardoning power? What law authorizes
us to inquire into the politics of a member
and admit or reject him according as he is
likely to agree or disagree with the majority?
If Mr. Stokes's acts, as shown by that letter,
were such as to give aid or comfort to the
rebels, no subsequent conduct on his part can
alter that fact. If a man commit a homicide
and the fact is fully established he may fast
and pray for the remainder of his life—the fact
remains unchanged. I understand the House
only claims the right to inquire into the exist-
ence of the fact; and as Mr. Stokes was ad-
mitted with great unanimity I assume that in
his case the House determined that the fact
did not exist, that being all they could inquire
into ; and that his letter and the facts therein
set forth and admitted to be true did not make
out a case for exclusion. Tested by anything
like the same rules and Mr. Brown cannot be
excluded.
Senator Patterson's case was infinitely
stronger against his admission than that of Mr.
Brown. Indeed, it can only stand upon what I
consider the true principle under the law of
1862, that the Senate had no right to prevent
him from taking his seat.
One clause of the oath is:
"That I have neither sought nor accepted nor at-
tempted to exercise the functions of any office what-
ever under any authority or pretended authority in
hostility to the United States." j
Senator Patterson was for a time a judge
under the confederate government, and took ,
the oath as such to support it, as was admit- 1
ted in the Senate, yet he is in his place now in j
that body, and no man doubts that he is right-
fully so. The whole system of test-oaths,
especially retrospective oaths, and still more
especially ex post facto oaths, as this is, in its
application to Mr. Brown—the law requiring it
not having been passed for more than a year
after the doing of the act inquired into—is so
repugnant to all the ideas of statesmen that
among all that were ever invented or applied
in the worst days of English tyranny none
ever applied to anything but the present and
future position and conduct of the man ; and
as I said at first I repeat now, as this House
has never acted upon the right it_claims under
it, I hope and trust, for the sake of all parties
now and hereafter, it never will. This House
must not understand that my colleague is here
as a supplicant. I do not plead his cause as
such. He would not accept his seat here on
any terms except as his right and the right of
his constituents. He is a young man of marked
ability, as many of you know, the peer of the
proudest on this floor. He preferred that his
colleagues should present his case, and in my
feeble way I have attempted to lay the facts
before the House. My colleague [Mr. Knott]
will discuss the law. Mr. Brown is the repre-
sentative of as noble and generous a constit-
uency as can be found in America. On his
and their behalf I ask but for justice, which
is his and their undoubted right.
Mr. BECK'S time having expired before he
had concluded his speech, on motion of Mr.
Dawes he was, by unanimous consent, allowed
to proceed to the end.
Mr. COOK obtained the floor.
Mr. JOHNSON. I ask the gentleman from
Illinois to yield to me for a personal explana-
tion. I will occupy not more than three min-
utes.
Mr. COOK. I do not want the pending
subject interrupted, and must therefore decline
to yield.
Mr. JOHNSON. I will seek another oppor-
tunity.
Mr. COOK. Mr. Speaker, the safety of the
Republic was imperiled at the commencement
of the rebellion by the fact that in the Halls
of Congress and in the Cabinet of the Presi-
dent were men who earnestly desired and
labored for the destruction of the Government,
using the power intrusted to them by the peo-
ple to support and defend the Constitution for
the purpose of overthrowing and destroying it.
The history of those days has demonstrated two
things: first, that the qualifications named in
the Constitution for members of Congress
were not of themselves sufficient to exclude
from these Halls traitors to the Government
and the country. Men were here who pos-
sessed the necessary residence, citizenship,
and age, and who had taken an oath to sup-
port the Constitution of the United States, and
yet who were here using every effort to distract
and confound the counsels of loyal men and to
paralyze their efforts to defend the country
from the assault of traitors. And second, that
if there be no means of guarding the Halls of
legislation from the presence of disloyal men
except the requirement that each person elected
to a seat shall take an oath to support the
Constitution of the United States, that the
Constitution has in itself a fatal weakness and
defect which deprives it of all power of self-
protection, which leaves our Government the
weakest of any Government upon the earth,, so
far as the power of defending itself against
domestic treason is concerned—a defect which
may, and in all probability will, be the cause
of the overthrow and dismemberment of the
Republic.
If the doctrine contended for be true that
no qualification except those expressly named
in the Constitution may be required, but every
man having the necessary age, residence, and
citizenship, who will take an oath to support
the Constitution of the United States, may, if
elected, take a seat in this House, then no rea-
son exists why John C. Breckinridge, if elected
from the State of Kentucky, (andhe would most
certainly be elected if he was a candidate,) or
any other man who has been fighting against
the Government, might not take a seat among
us. Our right and duty to maintain the Con-
stitution forbid us to accept such a construction
of its provisions as would result in its over-
throw and destruction. It is sometimes said
that although we are obliged to admit to his
seat in the first instance every person of the
requisite age and citizenship who will take an
oath to support the Constitution of the United
States, and yet if he has been guilty of dis-
loyalty we may expel him after he has been
admitted. This position I regard as wholly
untenable and unsound. If a man has a right
to take the seat he has a right to hold it. If
we have a right to say that he shall not hold a
seat to-day, we had the same right when he
offered to take the seat. If we had no right to
say that Mr. Brown has no right to take a seat
in this House to-day by reason of his disloyalty,
we shall have no right to-morrow to say that
he is not entitled to the seat on account of the
same disloyalty. It is said, also, that no man is
disqualified by reason of disloyalty until he
shall have been convicted of some disloyal act
in a court of law. It is entirely manifest that
no ijian could be convicted of a criminal offense
against the Government when tried by the very
men who would elect him to Congress because
he was disloyal. According to this doctrine
Jeff. Davis might take his seat in Congress.
We have seen the result of the efforts to
convict him of treason, though his treason has
been so monstrous and palpable as to endan-
ger the very existence of the Government and
to cover the whole land with lamentation and
sorrow.
Loyal men who mean to preserve this Gov-
ernment from the hands of traitors, and who
do not mean to see the experiment repeated of
allowing traitors to make laws for the Govern-
ment and to direct its councils for the very
purpose of insuring its destruction, have been
compelled to fix upon some rule which will
hereafter protect the nation from the presence
of disloyal men in Congress, and accordingly
the "oath of office" now required of us was
enacted. But men have very different ideas
upon the question of what acts constitute aid,
counsel, and encouragement tp persons in arms
against the Government, and men may be
ready to take the oath of office who have been
guilty of acts which, in the judgment of the
House, should disqualify them from holding
seats, and which ought to prevent their taking
the oath of office. In order to meet this pre-
cise question, the House adopted a resolution
on the_ 8th day of July, 1867, referring to the
Committee of Elections the credentials of
Lawrence S. Trimble, John Young Brown, J.
Proctor Knott, A. P. G rover, Thomas L.
Jones, James B. Beck, and John D. Young,
seven of the persona who claim to have been
elected Representatives from the State of Ken-
tucky in the Fortieth Congress of the United
States, with instructions to report whether
they or either of them are disqualified from
sitting as members of this House, on account
of their having been guilty of acts of disloyalty
to the Government of the United States, or
having given aid and comfort to its enemies.
That committee reported on December 3,1867,
as follows:
" The committee are of opinion that no person who
has been engaged in armed hostility to the Govern-
ment of the United States, or has given aid and com-
fort to its enemies during the late rebellion, ought to
be permitted to be sworn as a member of this House,
and that any specific and apparently well-grounded
charge of personal disloyalty made against a person
claiming a seat as a member of this House ought to
be investigated and reported upon before such per-
son is permitted to take the seat."
The House adopted and affirmed the action
of the committee by requiring the committee
to take proof whether either of the persons
named had been guilty of such acts of dis-
loyalty. I send to the Clerk to have read a
further extract from the report of the com-
mittee, made December 3, 1867, in relation
to the same subject:
"Whether at some future time provisions should
be made by law by which those persons who have
been at one time guilty of acts of disloyalty, but have
by theirsubsequenteonductgivcn conclusive evidence
( of loyalty, attachment to the Government, and obedi-
I ence to the Constitution and laws, should be per-
! mitted to take seats in this House, is a matter which
I addesses itself to tho considerate judgment of Con-
; gress, but upon which the committee is not now
I called upon to express an opinion. But while the
! committee entertained no doubt that it is the right
and duty of this House to turn back from its vciy
threshold every one seeking to enter who has been
engaged in armed hostility to the Government of the
United States, or has given aid and comfort to its
enemiesduringthe late rebellion, yet we believe that
] in our Government the right of representation is so
sacred that no man who has been duly elected by tha
legal voters of his district should bo refused his seat
upon the ground of his personal disloyalty, unless it
is proven that he has been guilty of such open acts
of disloyalty that he cannot honestly and truly take
the oath prescribed by the act of July 2,1862; and
further, that the commission of such acts of disloy-
alty to the Government should not be suspected
merely, but should be proven by clear and satisfac-
tory testimony, and that while mere want of active
support of the Government or a passive sympathy
with the rebellion arc not sufficient to exclude a per-
son regularly elected from taking his seat in the
House, yet whenever it is shown by proof that the
claimant has by act or speech given aid or counte-
nance to the rebellion, ho should not be permitted
to take the oath,and such acts or speech need not be
such as to constitute treason technically, but must
have been so overt and public, and must have been
done or said under such circumstances as fairly to
show that they were actually designed to, and in
their nature tended to, forward the cause of the
rebellion."
Mr. COOK. Mr. Speaker, the propriety of
this rule adopted by the committee has been
challenged rn the House this morning. I re-
gret exceedingly that I could not hear distinctly
the argument made by the distinguished gentle-
man from Kentucky [Mr. Beck] on this sub-
ject or the authorities cited by him. The
point which I understood him to make was,
that no qualifications except those named in
tho Constitution of the United States could
be required of a person claiming a seat in this
House. I propose to examine very briefly,
upon the authorities, that proposition.
I regret that I did not catch the authority
which was quoted by the gentleman. But,
sir, it is not a new question. The very men
who framed the Constitution, the men who
understood its previsions, if anybody under-
stood them, did not so understand that ques-
tion. They did not understand that the quali-
fications named in the Constitution were
