1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
911
Voung Brown had advocated a neutrality ap-
plying as well to the army of the confederate
States as to the northern Army, they misun-
derstood hiui, he himself being witness to that
effect.
" What I did say was this:
'"Not one nia.il or one dollar will Kentueky fur-
nish Lincoln to aid hiui in his unholy war against
the South. If this northern Army shall attempt to
cross our borders we will resist it unto the death;
and if one uian shall be found in ourCoinmonwealth
to volunteer to join them he ought, and I believe
will be, shot down before he leaves tho Stato.'"
How can that be neutrality when he says
that men who may join the Union Army ought
to be shot down? He himself objects to that
remark being applied to the confederate army.
How did the young men who were in that audi-
ence and heard those words apply them ? What
is the reasonable and fair construction of the
language?
But it is said that John Young Brown was
a Union man and made Union speeches; and
that the expressions in this letter are to be
construed with his Union record. I deny that
it is in proof that he was a Union man ; I
admit that there are some witnesses who testify
chat they consider him a Union man. Mr.
Mallory so testifies, but a majority of the wit-
nesses in this case testify that they hold him
to be a disunion man.
Samuel W. Langley, the first witness sworn
in that case, testifies of Mr. John Young
Brown:
" He was universally considered by Union men as
belonging to the disloyal party and as being a disloyal
man."
One of the men who swear that Mr. Brown
was a Union man swears that he (the witness)
did not consider this letter a disloyal letter.
Another witness, H. S. Park, testifies that "in
the second congressional district of Kentucky
all Union men looked upon him as belonging |
to the disloyal party." Another witness, John 1
II. Reno, testifies that they "got the general
idea that Mr. Brown belonged to the rebel
party, und that he was in sympathy with the
rebellion during the war." Such is the tenor
of the evidence taken by the committee. I
will not take time to quote it.
The course of Mr. Brown is compared with
that of Mr. Stokes, now a member of this
House from Tennessee; and the letter written
by the latter gentleman is compared with that
which is in evidence before the House in this
case. But the gentleman who made this com-
parison did not contrast the subsequent career
of Mr. Stokes with that of Mr. Brown. Mr.
Stokes, all during the war, was enrolled in
the armies of the Union; he risked his life,
not once or twice, but many times, for the
nation ; he lost his property, confiscated by
rebels, because he was an uncompromising
Union man, and he came here after years of
earnest, useful, brilliant military service in the
cause of the country. But I affirm that, after
the most diligent scrutiny, not one loyal act in
support of this Government lias been proved
to have been performed during the war by Mr.
Brown. The most that can be said in his favor
is that he kep.tquiet. The Union speech which
he is alleged to have made, referred to in the
Louisville Journal, was what? A speech de-
nouncing the Administration, denouncing the
Congress of the United States, denouncing the
efforts made by loyal men to carry on the war
and preserve the Government, not a speech
encouraging men to aid the Government or
discouraging these from aiding the rebels.
I repeat, sir, with the fullest sense of the
justice of the accusation, that upon these men
who now claim that they were at that time
Union men and loyal to the Government rest
the responsibility of not arresting this war at
the commencement, as they might have done
had they rallied to the support of the Govern-
ment, had they been Union men in truth and
fact, not merely in name.
I want to say one word in relation to the
quotation which was made by the gentleman
from Kentucky from the remarks of the late
Stephen A. Douglas, formerly a Senator from
niy own State. 1 was surprised to hear that
gentleman's name cited in defenso of the doc-
trines contained in this letter of Mr. Brown.
I could not distinctly hear the language that
was quoted by the gentleman from Kentucky
from the speech of Mr. Douglas. I do, how-
ever, recollect the words of Douglas—noble,
burning words in defense of the country, and
urging the duty of defending the national life—
words uttered about the same time that John
Young Brown wrote this letter—uttered be-
tween the time of the writing of the letter and
its publication. If any gentleman claims the
indorsement of Mr. Douglas for such senti-
ments as are expressed in this letter I repel
the charge. It is not true. In order that the
House may understand what Mr. Douglas did
say on the occasion to which I refer, I ask the
Clerk to read from a speech made by Mr.
Douglas at a time when John Young Brown
was writing the letter to which reference has
been made.
The Clerk read as follows:
" Vouglas'a Farewell Words, in Chicago, May 1,
1861.—Tho election of 3Ir. Lincoln is a mere pretext.
The present secession movement is tho result of an
enormous conspiracy formed more than a year since
—formed by leaders in the southern confederacy
more than twelve months ago. They used the sla-
very question as a means to aid the accomplishment
of their ends. They desired the election of a north-
ern candidate by a sectional vote in order to show
that the two sections cannot live together.
"When the history of the two years from tho Le-
eompton question down to the presidential election
shall be written it will beshown that the scheme was
deliberately made to breakup this Union. They de-
sired a northern Republican tobeelected by a purely
northern vote, and then assign this fact as a reason
why the sections cannotlive together. If the disunion
candidate in the late presidential contest had carried
the united South their scheme was, the northern can-
I didato successful, to seize the capital last spring, and
! by a united South and divided North hold it. Their
scheme was defeated in the defeat of the disunion
candidates in several of the southern States.
" But this is no time for a detail of causes. The
conspiracy is now known; armies have been raised;
war is levied to accomplish it. There are only two
sides to the question. Every man must be for the
United States or against it. There can be no neutrals
in this war; only patriots or traitors."
Mr. COOK. Mr. Speaker, since the name
of Mr. Douglas has been appealed to in this
discussion, I aceept his definition, and I affirm
there could be none but patriots or traitors.
And, sir, I affirm, the man who, in the supreme
hour of the nation's agony, could write that
letter written by John Young Brown was not a
patriot. The minority of the committee say
in their report, "That letter, when closely scru-
tinized, cannot be justified as an expression of
proper sentiments by anyone ;" and this is the
only word of condemnation which the minority
of the committee have for this encouragement
to shoot down- every citizen of Kentucky and
to resist to the death every northern man who,
in obedience to the duty which lie owed to his
country, had rallied to put down the most
causeless and wicked rebellion against a legal
i; and just Government ever recorded in the
! world's history. I beg these gentlemen to re-
strain themselves lest hereafter, in expressing
' their indignation, they may conclude the starv-
! ing of our prisoners at Andersonville, when
|! closely scrutinized, was an act of impoliteness.
They have no other word of condemnation for
this letter than "it cannot be justified as an
expression of proper sentiment." I suppose
it "cannot be justified" in view of the late
"unpleasantness" which has existed in the
country. Now, sir, I am disposed to look on
that document with far other feelings. I believe
it tended to induce a feeling in Kentucky which
resulted in organizing bauds which did resist
the Armies of the Republic in marching to en-
force the Constitution and laws. It did tend
to excite a public feeling in Kentucky which
made it unsafe, actually unsafe, for any man in
Kentucky to defend the " old flag."
Mr. Speaker, my voice is so broken I -am
not able to continue this discussion, and I am
| disposed to submit it here with this single
ii remark: this man who seeks admission into
| the llalls of Congress didadvise, counsel, urge,
i and encourage men in Kentucky to resist unto
I death the men from my State who went down
i| there, in obedience to duty on the call of the
country, to put down a most unholy and wicked
rebellion. Many of those men from Illinois
came no more back from that field of blood,
others came back crippled and scarred aud
maimed, and by my vote any man who encour-
aged and urged on those who gave them those
wounds shall never sit here to make laws for
loyal men.
Mr. KERR. I wish, Mr. Speaker, to say to
the House the condition of my health is such
that it is a duty to myself, if not to this cause,
to ask the indulgence of the House that the
further consideration of this subject be post-
poned until Monday. I ask it simply on the
ground that, in my judgment, it cannot interfere
with any public business, and the condition of
my health is such I cannot do justice either to
myself or the pending cause to-day. I there-
fore submit it to the House that the further
consideration of the subject shall be postponed
until Monday.
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. Wash-
burn1, of Wisconsin, in the chair.) Does the
gentleman submit the motion?
Mr. KERR. I make the request, and the
Chair may put it in the form of a motion.
Mr. DAWES. Of course, no one can ask
the gentleman from Indiana to go on if his
health is such as not to justify it; but I suggest,
after the intimation of the gentleman from Il-
linois, [Mr. Washburne,] whether this discus-
sion had not better proceed to-day, reserving
to him the privilege of speaking on Monday. 1
only submit that suggestion to him. The House
will not ask the gentleman from Indiana to
proceed in ill-health, nor will the House, I
dare say, undertake to cut him off from being
heard, representing, as he does, the minority
of the committee.
Mr. KERR. I can make no objection to the
suggestion of the gentleman from Massachu-
setts. If the House agrees to it, it will not be
unsatisfactory to me.
Mr. DAWES. I did hope to close this dis-
cussion to day, but after what the gentleman
from Indiana has stated it does not become
me to ask that. And I desired to close it
to-day, not because I think discussion would
not be profitable, but because the discussion
may arise in another shape at another time.
But I leave it to the House.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I desire
to know when it is proposed to resume the
consideration of this case. If there are no
other gentlemen who desire to speak to-
day——
Mr. DAWES. The suggestion is that the
discussion continue to-day, so that others who
are ready and desire to speak may submit their
views now.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
understands there are other gentlemen who
desire to speak.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I desire
the chairman of the committee to state when
lie proposes to bring this matter to a close.
Mr. DAWES. I suggested a moment ago
that it was my intention to have closed the
case to-day. Nothing stands in the way of it
except the suggestion of the gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Kerr] that his health is such
that he cannot proceed. After such a statement
as that it does not become me to insist upon a
vote to-day. Bat I suggest that all the rest
of us try to finish up the discussion, reserving
the close of the case till Monday.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Ifitshould
be the understanding on account of the ill health
of the gentleman from Indiana that he should
not be compelled to go on to-day, I hope it
will be further understood that all discussion
is to be closed with the exception of the speech
of the gentleman from Indiana and the chair-
man of the committee at the close.
Mr. DAWES. I leave that entirely with the
House. I will not myself insist that every-
body else shall be precluded. So far as I my-
self am concerned, I did desire and intend to
have the question entirely closed and call for
a vote this afternoon. But under the circum-
stances I think the gentleman from Indiana
ought to be permitted to address the House on
