1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
913
dition in society, as I maintain it is beyond all
controversy, the act under which that punish-
ment is inflicted is to all intents and purposes
a bill of pains and penalties and clearly within ,
the constitutional inhibition against the pas-
sage of bills of attainder. And further, sir, in-
asmuch as that punishment may be, and is in
fact denounced for acts committed or supposed
to have been committed long before the pas-
sage of this act, it comes clearly within the defi-
nition of the still more odious class of enact-
ments prohibited by the Constitution as ex post
facto laws. Even in the absence of any adju-
dication of these points by the the courts of
our own country, 1 assume, sir. that no law-
yer of ordinary intelligence who is disposed to
be guided by the analogies of the English law,
upon which our institutions are confessedly
founded, will attempt to controvert either of
these propositions for a solitary moment.
But fortunately we are not compelled to
resort to the immense mass of English author-
ities which has been accumulating and ma-
turing through a succession of ages for lights
by which to determine the true character of
this act, requiring an expurgatory test-oath
to be taken as a condition precedent to admis-
sion to office and as some suppose to a seat in
this House. That has already been done by
the department of our Government whose
peculiar duty it is to expound the nature and
scope of every law enacted here. The Supreme
Court of the United States, the highest judicial
authority known to the Constitution, has in
two cases analyzed the questions which can
grow out of this act in a most masterly man-
ner, and have declared in the most emphatic
and unequivocal language that in so far as it
requires this expurgatory oath to be taken, it is
unconstitutional and void, and in doing so they
proceed upon the very grounds I have as-
sumed. I allude to the cases of the State of
Missouri against Cummings, and the ease ex
parte Garland, decided at the December term,
1866, and reported in 4 Wallace Supreme
Court Reports. In the case of Cummings the
court enters into an elaborate discussion of
the whole philosophy of bills of attainder and
ex post facto laws, and in an argument which
for profoundness of learning, clearness of ex-
pression, and depth of reasoning, I do not
hesitate to pronounce inferior to nothing that
ever emanated from that distinguished source,
have shown beyond the possibility of success-
ful controversion that this act comes clearly
within the constitutional inhibition against
both of these obnoxious species of legislation.
But, sir, as 1 have not time to advert partic-
ularly to both of them now, I call the attention
of gentlemen especially to the case of Garland,
because in that case the court had uuder con-
sideration precisely the same oath, word for
word, which the majority of the committee
assume should be demanded of every memberof
Congress, and which they say my colleague can-
not take, and that oath the court in this case
decide in the most positive terms to be uncon-
stitutional. Congress by an act, approved Jan-
uary 24, 1865, provided that all lawyers should
take the oath prescribed by the act of July,
1862, as a condition precedent to their being
allowed to practice in the courts of the United
States. Garland, who had been a member of
theHou£eof Representatives, and subsequently
a senator in the congress of the so-called con-
federate States of America, and consequently
could not take the oath prescribed, petitioned
the Supreme Court for the privilege of prac-
ticing in the United States courts without tak-
ing the oath, and upon that application the
validity of the act of Congress prescribing the
oath came in question, and the court declared
that portion of it requiring the expurgatory'oath
to be unconstitutional and void. They say, in
their opinion, after having separated the oath
into clauses:
"The statute ia directed against parties who have
offended in any of the particulars embraced by these
clauses: audits object is to exclude them from the
nr.ife-sien of tho law, or at least from its practice in
the courts of the United States. As the oath cannot
bo taken by these parties, the act, as against them,
40th Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 58.
operates as a legislative decree of perpetual exclu-
sion; and exclusion from any of the ordinary avo-
cations of life for past conduct can be regarded in
no other light than as punishment for such con-
duct. Tho exaction of the oath is the modo provided
for ascertaining tho parties upon whom the act is
intended to operate, and instead of lessening, in-
creases its objectionable character. All enactments
of this kind partake of the nature of bills of pains
and penalties, and are subject to the constitutional
inhibition against the passage of bills of attainder,
under which general designation they are included.
In the exclusion which the statute adjudges it im-
poses a punishment, for some of tho acts specified
which were not punishable at the time they were
committed; and for others of tho acts it ndds a new
punishment to that before prescribed, and is thus
Drought within tho further inhibition of the Consti-
tution against the passage of an ex post facto law."
Now, sir, gentlemen may affect to treat the
opinions of the Supreme Court with as much
contempt as they please, but the people of these
States understand them to be entitled to the
highest consideration, both here and elsewhere.
They understand, as I do, that the judiciary is
a coordinate branch of this Government, to
whose vigilance and fidelity the purity of the
law and the sanctity of the Constitution are
especially committed. They are the priests
who minister in the temple of justice and guard
the altars of constitutional liberty from pro-
fanation and sacrilege. It is their duty to ex-
pound the laws enacted in this department, and
as it is incumbent upon every good citizen to
yield a cheerful obedience to every law passed
by Congress in pursuance of the Constitution, so
it is equally his duty to bow in humble acqui-
escence to the decrees of the judiciary declar-
ing an act unconstitutional, until that decision
i is reversed. That this is the true principle I
i could stand here and cite authorities to prove
| not only till nightfall but until the stars fade
! from the firmament; but it would be an insult
! to the intelligence of the legal gentlemen of
| this House to elaborate a doctrine so well estab-
lished; and this rule we are bound to observe
by every obligation that honor, morality, patri-
'i otism and religion can impose, for to establish
1 any other would be to make every man his own
: judge, destroy all sense of subordination to
law, upturn the very foundations of society,
and plunge the community into the wildest
t anarchy and confusion.
\ It may be said, however, that this is the
decision of a majority of the court; neverthe-
less it must be regarded as the correct rule of
law until reversed. There it stands, sir, a pyra-
mid of adamant. Founded upon the eternal
i principles of truth and justice, no sophistry can
| overthrow, no fanaticism can destroy it. Its
deductions are so impregnable, its great lead-
ing principles are so obvious, that they com-
: mend themselves at once to the common in-
j stincts of truth and right which pervade even
the meanest capacity, and the lover of human
liberty in future ages will advert to it with the
same veneration as we now do to Magna Charta
and the Bill of Rights. And now, sir, if these
solemn adjudications of the highest tribunal
known to our Constitution, declaring that this
oath is nothing more nor less than an engine
of unlimited and unbridled tyranny, that the
law which prescribes it is not only a bill of
attainder but that it fills the definition of that
other and still more odious agency of despot-
ism, an ex post facto law, and is therefore
unconstitutional and void—if these solemn
adjudications of the Supreme Court are enti-
tled to as much respect on this floor as "an old
wife's fable," how, I ask, can my colleague be
constitutionally excluded from his seat?
If this oath is so obnoxious to the Constitu-
tion that even an attorney may not be com-
pelled to take it in order to practice his pro-
fession how shall we justify ourselves under
the act which prescribes it in striking down the
inestimable right of the people of an entire
district to a representation on this floor, and
sending their chosen representatiu^bom these
Halls with the brand of infamy upcM*is brow ?
But, sir, this law makes no provision for the
restorative power of pardon which is vested by
the Constitution in the President; it makes no
exception in favor of any who may be the re-
cipients of that grace. It is, therefore, a palpa-
ble infringement upon that power, and in that
Particular is in violation of the Constitution,
'ardon me, sir, for adverting again to the
opinion of the court in the case of Garland.
Upon this point they say:
"A pardon reaches both the punishment prescribed
for the offense and the guilt of the offender; and
when the pardon is full it releases the punishment
and blots out of existence the guilt, so that in the eye
of the law the offender is as innocent as if he had
never committed the offense. If granted before con-
viction it prevents any of the penalties consequent
upon conviction from attaching; if granted after
conviction it removes the penalties and disabilities
and restores him to all his civil rights; it makes him
as it wero a now man and gives him a new credit and
capacity."
And further down :
"So far as that offense is concerned he is thus
placed beyond the reach of punishment of any kind.
But to exclude him by reason of that offense from
continuing in tho enjoyment of a previously acquired
right is to enforce a punishment tor that offense not-
withstanding the pardon. If encii exclusion can bo
effected by the exaction of an expurgatory oath
covering the offense the pardon may be avoided,
and that accomplished indirectly which cannot bo
reached by direct legislation. It is not within tho
constitutional power of Congress thus to inflict pun-
ishment beyond the reach of executive clemency."
Sir, I have read of the racks and the engines
of torture which attest the barbarism of other
climes and other ages, but if there are any-
where in the annals of our race the evidences
of a more romorseless disregard of the plainest
rights of justice and humanity they are to be
found in this act. I have never seen them. It
not only brands the citizen with the presump-
tion of guilt for acts not criminal when commit-
ted, condemns him without notice, without
witnesses, and without a trial, and compels
him to be his own accuser and his own execu-
tioner, but, not content with this, it pursues
him to the last sanctuary of constitutional
security and strips him of the protection of
executive clemency while clinging to the mercy
seat.
But, sir, there is another view in which, to
my judgment, this act is plainly violative of
the Constitution. " Expressio unius exclusio
alterius" is a canon of legal construction too
familliar to require either argument or illus-
tration. When a party deliberately reduces to
writing his intentions as to any particular
thing, the conclusive presumption is, that he
has said in writing all he intends to say on
that subject. Hence, in the ordinary transac-
tions of life between man and man, where
parties have reduced their contract to writing,
the law will allow neither party to add to, take
from, or in anywise to alter the import of their
written agreement by oral testimony ; and so
where a legislative act says that a certain thing
shall be done and there stops, it is not within
the power of those who have it in charge to
see that law executed, to say that not only the
thing required shall be done, but more besides.
I suppose these plain and obvious principles
of legal interpretation which suggest them-
selves at once, even to the commonest capa-
city, will not be disputed. But if it is admitted
that they are true, then it must follow as in-
evitably as that day and night must succeed
each other that the law of Congress prescrib-
ing this oath is without constitutional author-
ity, and is consequently void; because the
Constitution itself prescribes the substance of
the oath to be taken by members of Congress,
and all executive and judicial officers, and no
where either in terms or by any just implica-
tion authorizes Congress to add to, or take
from, that provision. The third clause of the
sixth article of the Constitution provides that—
"The Senators and Representatives before men-
tioned, and the members of tho several State Legis-
latures and all executive and judicial officers, both
of the United States and of the several States, shall
be bound by oath or affirmation to support this Con-
stitution."
There the framers of the Constitution pre-
scribe what a member of Congress shall be
required to swear to. . Did they intend that he
should be required to swear to anything fur-
ther? If so, why did they not state it? If
theyintended toinvest Congress with the power
to add to the substance of that oath, why did
they not say so ? But arguing this proposition
