186a
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
917
taking captive every man resisting its authority
and swinging him by the neck, the just retribu-
tion of all traitors. A man, when he becomes
a traitor, has but three rights: first, the right
to be tried; second, the right- to be hanged;
and third, the right to be damned by a just
God, if he is a sinner; and I guess he is a sin-
ner when he is a traitor. [Laughter.] Much
do I regret this conclusion ; but truth and jus-
tice are irresistible.
The Government, then, is not estopped from
exercising this right of self-defense and self-
preservation. Having overtaken the enemy,
it has the right to take all he has and do—what
besides? Compensate those who have suffered
damage from that enemy. It has the right to
require '"indemnity for the past and security
for the future;-' and failing to exercise this
right 1 fear the consequences. Man as an in-
dividual cannot go quite so far when he slays
his adversary. But Governments can do tbis,
as illustrated everywhere in the history of the
world. I defy any gentleman to .show the
reverse.
This Government is now called upon to defend
itself against one of the mightiest and one of
the most wily enemies that have ever assaulted
the body-politic—an enemy that, vanquished
by the sword in the field, is now attempting in
disguise to intrude into the very sanctuary of
liberty. It is like the wild olive branch attempt-
ing to ingraft itself upon the old and uncor-
rupted olive tree. Oh, let all such stand in awe
and trembling before seeking to climb into the
sheepfold by the way of the thief.
We are here as the representatives of the
people; they have placed the sword in our
hands, and we must wield it as the sword was
wielded in the days when rebellion first lifted
its head upon the earth, when the first rebels
broke the covenant between themselves and
Him who made them. What an example was
set then for you who would now open the door
to those who have been waging war against us
and seeking the lifeblood of our country ! For
the benefit of such, let me for one moment draw
a picture.
The assassin enters your house at night with
a dark lantern in his hand. He comes to the
bedside of the father and the mother, those
who hold the keys of the chest containing the
household treasures. He raises his gleaming
blade to strike at the life of the head of the
family. Will you say that there is no light to
interpose and strike him down ere the deadly
dagger pierces the heart at which it is aimed?
And, sir, if we now open this sheepfold and
let in these devouring wolves what will be said
by the people who have put us in charge to
stand here upon the watch-towers of the lie-
public? They will say, "You saw the wolf
coming and you raised not your voice; you
saw the destroying sword uplifted, and you did
not warn the people. To your charge we lay
the precious blood that you have allowed to
to be spilled.'' The people have intrusted us
with the sword of their majesty and power; they
have placed us here as watchmen. Now the
thief is coming and we must not betray our trust.
I gay that we have the right to defend the
Government against all hostde combinations
of whatever character. I will show that this
doctrine rests upon the broad basis of the
Constitution. Would to God that all the citi-
zens of this country had lived up to its pre-
cepts and obeyed its obligations! Had those
who now demand the privileges that should be
accorded only to loyal men been faithful in the
hour of our trial we should have been able to
crush the rebellion before it could prick through
the shell. [Laughter.] But instead of that
I am afraid, dreadfully afraid, that this man
Brown absolutely put the warm bath on. He,
sir, raised it in this hot-bed that it might break
the shell prematurely. This being so, for one
I will stand and say by my vote, "Drive him
Outside of the garden: let him earn his bread
in the sweat of his face." That is honorable,
to earn bread in the sweat of the face, and I
will not deprive him of that.
Now, Mr. Speaker, let us see whether the
Constitution justifies this Congress in standing
and holding this sword of self-protection or
not; and when I am talking this way I want
you to understand I am speaking as a man
of the Union, not of Tennessee. Now, my
conservative friends, you will pardon me, who
want to conserve and administer the Govern-
ment on the opinions of Jeff. Davis—not in
this House ; you do not want to do it here—
I exculpate you from that—what is the prac-
tical result to which you tend? You who
want to carry out the will of Jeff. Davis
and his cohorts come with me and let us see
what the Constitution says; you who croak so
dreadfully about the Constitution and say we
cannot go a single inch or step forward to pro-
tect the nation against her enemies without
encroaching upon the Constituiion. Great
God! if I may use the expression, what did
we see, beginning in 1861, when the first step
was taken in the rebellion, when you said,
through your prototype, George Buchanan,
[laughter,] that there was no constitutional
power to coerce a sovereign State 1 that the
father, the head of the family, had not the
power to chastise the wild and wayward child 1
Now that is beautiful doctrine.
Air. PETERS. Will the gentleman allow
me to interrupt him with a question before he
goes further?
Mr. MULLINS. Not a bit of it. [Laugh-
ter.] Oh, yes, yes, [looking round at Mr.
Peters who stood behind him;] you may.
[Laughter.]
Mr. PETERS. In alluding to James Bu-
chanan the gentleman called liim George. I
wish to know if he means to intimate that ex-
President Buchanan has any characteristics in
common with the father of his country, George
Washington?
Mr. MULLINS. Well, unless, as Milton
says, burning and freezing are equal in point
of pain, there is no similarity. [Great laugh-
ter.] What did the fathers say about it? The
first thing they declared stands as a frontis-
piece. meets you at the threshold of the Gov-
ernment. What did they declare to you? For
God's sake do not say we are off the track,
unless you first look at the sign-board of the
Constitution. Do not talk to us about doing
what is unconstitutional, you who have never
kept inside of that instrument. [Laughter.]
I will re?d the first indication that stands as
the caption of the Constitution:
"Wc, the people of the United States, in order to
form a more perfect Union."
That is the change from the confederation
to the present Union. " Establish justice." I
ask the sword of justice to lie still in.its sheath
while I discuss this present matter. [Laugh-
ter.] But I will say these conservative gentle-
men should take warning of the awful fate of
those who went down in death and desolation
for their rebellion against this beneficent Gov-
ernment. " Establish justice, insure domestic
tranquillity." Can we insure justice, or will
domestic tranquillity prevail, if we let the life
of the nation be stabbe'd at and make no
defense? No. '• Provide for the common
defense." Now, it is supposed that this relates
to a foreign enemy. 1 hold that it relates to
both foreign and domestic enemies, and the
Constitution will bear me out. You are to
guard yourself against a foreign enemy; and
have you not the same right of self-preserva-
tion against a domestic enemy? It is your
right to protect your life against whomsoever
may assail it, be it a foreign or domestic enemy.
"Promote the general welfare and secure
the blessings"—of what? Of conservatism?
[Laughter.] Oh, no! The first rebel of whom
we have any record was Beelzebub; and he,
like some in our own day, would not stand
the idea of a nationality, but wanted to build
up for himself a petty little kingdom, prefer-
ring to rule in that to serving in another.
[Laughter.] He has been a slave ever since,
and so has every rebel from that day to this,
and so will the rebels here be until their sin is
removed by what is called by the gentleman-
from Kentucky [Mr. Knott] this " expurgatory
oath." Yes, sir, we are going to put them into
that state of purgatory. [Laughter.] I take
it that it is right, when they have dug the last
ditch and fallen into it, to let them lie there
for a season; but I am willing to set up a pier
on this side the chasm, and so give an oppor-
tunity to them to get out when they repent
and show their repentance by works meet for
repentance. It is for them to build the bridge
and for us to approve of it.
1 come back to my text, the introductory
words of the Constitution:
"Provide for the common defense, promote tho
general welfare, and secure the blessings of liberty to
ourselves and our posterity, do ordain and establish
this Constitution for the United States of America."
This was what the fathers declared were the
objects of the Government. '• Promote the gen-
eral welfare," the public weal, the health and
sound condition of the body-politic, by keeping
away pestilence and infection, cutting off dead
and diseased matter, and giving effect, to all
healing influences. ''Secure the blessings of
liberty to ourselves and our posterity," free-
dom from all oppression and misrule, whether
by the sway of bad rulers or by the pride of
class, race, and social rank; to ourselves, not
merely the loyal and true, but to the returning
and repentant rebel, every one, in short, who is
willing to allow to others the same measure of
toleration which he asks for himself and our
posterity in all the coming future, including
every child born on American soil, irrespective
of parentage or any other accidents of birth and
what is commonly called fortune, not forgetting
or omitting any of any land or clime who seek
among us a refuge from tyranny and a better
hope for themselves and their children. It was
for objects like these that our venerated, I had
almost said adored, Constitution was ordained
orestablished; and shall we hesitate to preserve
it from the destructive violence of treason and
the insidious wiles of baffled rebellion upon the
miserable pretext that, being sworn to support
it, we cannot without violating our oaths use
any means to preventothers from destroying it?
The war of the Revolution was the first stroke
of the lyre and the harp with a thousand tunes
for all time for the American people. These
self-evident, truths, the inalienable rights, the
equality of men, government by the people,
these are the notes of the pealing anthem, the
swelling and solemn grand march of humanity.
If you and I beat time to that music and keep
ourselves in tune we will stand on the side of
the chairman of the committee. [Laughter.]
We do not intend to pull out a key or put in
any discordant note, bat will have it as oar
fathers made it, so that our younger ones may
strike the key-note for all coming time. We
intend to keep it in tune, to accompany the
universal song of happiness, peace, and quiet-
ude to the world, and especially to the conti-
nent of America.
Then do not say I have no right here to
vindicate myself or my Government. My Gov-
ernment is stronger than I am. Thank God,
while one drop of blood remains within this
heart of mine, which has beat for over sixty
years, I have not got to come down and truckle
to those who have sought to undermine the
Government, to overthrow it and cast it at the
feet of despots. We broke the British yoke
nearly a century ago. It is too late now for
the Republican party to submit to the despotic
yoke of the South with a nabob at one end and
a slave at the other, [laughter ;] and so we are
for putting away the slave-yoke for all time to
come. We have broken that yoke in two; we
have reared a temple with its glorious dome
reaching to heaven, and we intend to maintain
and perpetuate the great citadel of liberty.
Now, sir, this great declaration of rights at the
outset of the Constitution bears me out. What,
then, have we a right to do? Tokeepitso? Yes,
sir. "All legislative power,'-' the Constitution
says, in the first article, " herein granted shall
be vested in the Congress of the United States.''
That is the power created by these people in
convention assembled who held the original
right to guaranty—what ? That you and I, as
