1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
919
Was it not an offense against the law of !
nations to seek to prevent men, by force or '
intimidation, from joining the Federal Army
called out to save the life of the Government?
But it is said that in the ease of this man from
Kentucky die offense was committed under
" very peculiar circumstances." I will admit
that the circumstances were '"peculiar." Ken-
tucky is to-day as a State in "very peculiar
circumstancesand she has been from the
beginning of the war. How long she is to re-
main in these '• very peculiar circumstances''
it is for this Congress to declare. If you desire
my opinion as to what should be done, I say
that Congress, under its power to •'guaranty to
each State a republican form of government,"
as provided in the fourth article and fourth
section of the Constitution, should require of
that State to make her government republican
in form, under the alternative of being remit-
ted to the condition of a Territory, subject, in
all respects, to the legislation of Congress.
But, sir, we are asked to intrust the man-
agement of this Government to the hands of
those who, during the recent rebellion, have
sympathized with or actively aided the rebels.
Why, sir, who would intrust the sick child to
the care of the nurse that has attempted to
poison it?
But, sir, I go on in the examination of the
powers of Congress, and I find that it is author-
ized to " provide for calling forth the militia
to execute the laws of the Union, suppress
insurrections, and repel invasions." Do you
want broader power than that? It is broad
enough to justify us before the people in all
measures that may be necessary for vindicat- •
iug the authority of the Republic. Let no man
who is an enemy of the Government, who has |
given aid and comfort to those engaged in !
armed rebellion, come here to take a seat as a
member of this House. If any man cannot
swallow the test-oath which Congress has pre-
scribed, that is not my fault; I did not arrange
his political throat; he has done that himself. 1
I say "Amen" to the dose; it is his business j
if he cannot swallow it. I do not think this |
test-oath is any too searching, though it
searches the very soul. Andrew Johnson, the
great prototype of our friends on the other
side, was in favor of administering the dose in
just this shape. Andrew Johnson said:
" If you hear a man croaking about the Constitu-
tion, spot him, for he is a traitor."
He said to the rebels:
'"If you kill oue Union man we will take the lives
of four of the best of the rebels."
I do not go as far as "that. Life for life
would do me very well.
VVe have the right to call forth the militia to
execute the laws of the Union. We exacted
that right to prevent you destroying the life of
the nation. You say that the rebellion did not
fo far enough to take you out of the Union.
t did not go far enough to take out the terri-
tory of the rebel States, but it did take them
out politically. You severed all connection
with the Government of the United States; you
seceded and went out of the Union; you cut
off every ship that floated the stars and stripes
from entrance to the southern ports; yew seized
every navy-yard, arsenal, armory, and every shi p
belonging to the Government that was within
your power. You even went upon the high
seas and captured every merchant ship that
was engaged in peaceful commerce under our
flag. Even when to feed our hungry soldiers
we sent down ships laden with bread, yon fired
upon them. You went into this unholy rebel-
lion, and we conquered yon after a bloody war.
We had the right to protect ourselves here or
elsewhere. We did protect ourselves, and we
will secure that protection by proper laws.
Now, I come down to page 13 of the Consti-
tution, article one, section eight. What do I
find there?
"To make all law* which shall be necessary and
proper for carrying into execution the foregoing
powers, and all other powers vested by this Consti-
tution in the Government of the United States, or in
any department or officer thereof."
Yet gentlemen gay there is no authority in
the Constitution to prevent any man coming
here from taking the oath if he offers and is
willing to take it; that I must be satisfied he
is a worthy Representative, even though I know
that he has imbrued his hands in the blood of
his brethren 1 I will stand here, like Abel's
blood, and cry aloud and spare not. I never
will permit any such men to come into these
Halls.
You say the prodigal son is a beautiful les-
son for us to follow. Your prodigal is the re- !
verse of the one there referred to. He repented
and came back and asked a servant's place.
Your prodigals have never come back and
repented. They say thatthey have never sinned
when they are stained black with crime; when
from North to South they have furrowed the j
land with graves. And from these little hil- 1
locks go up the daily prayers of unnumbered
widows and orphans beseeching protection
against the smothered wrath of these same clam-
orous and graceless prodigals. If the sword
of justice were allowed to sweep down upon
them they would be sent where the first rebels
have gone and be now lying in chains and amid
the blackness of despair. Then do not come
here and ask to be admitted to the brotherhood
of loyal men. Come not here to touch the ark
of the covenant in garments dyed with broth-
er's blood. Oh, sir, can I make the picture
black enough!
I think I have fully satisfied you of our
power. There are two ways: we have the
republican highway, along which every sign-
board says, " Well done, thou good and faith-
ful servant." What does that on the other
gay? "Oh, you of little faith; to be sore, I
stretched out my hand, and you went like the
foolish man who had one talent; you have
buried it; and when you return it to me I will
give it to those who will improve it." If that
is wrong" blot it out of the Scriptures, or do
not believe in them.
Then you say we ought not to punish you.
| That is what is the matter now. If we had
! made the punishment coextensive with the
crime all that would have been troublesome or
offensive now would be the smell. [Laughter.]
Thousands of those who were not in their
hearts guilty were drawn in by the paraphernalia
of secession and the beat of the drums of trea-
son, but more by whisky, the right bower of the
Democracy. [Laughter.] The negro is their
left bower, but we are about to take both away
from you. [Laughter.] That will make you
mourn like Rachel for her children. [Laughter.]
Now, I have 6hown the power in the Consti-
tution. I come now to page 14 of the Blue
Book. You see I take it page by page. [Laugh-
ter.] I do not like to skip here and there. I
never saw a man in my life who was heterodox
but what would take a little here and a little
yonder to prove his case, leaving out a great
deal between. But when I come before you I
bring you face to face with the whole Constitu-
tion and smother you with it. [Laughter.]
I have given you some very heavy doses, gen-
tlemen. I know the remedies I have given
you are desperate ; but remember you are dis-
eased from the sole of your foot to the crown
of your head. Desperate diseases require des-
perate remedies. I am afraid many of you
never will stand the operation. [Laughter.]
The effect of it will be to produce mortifica-
tion, I fear, [laughter;] but we had better have
you sloughed off than have you slough off the
Government. [Laughter.] So come up here as
quick as you can and take the dose I am going
to give you. [Laughter.] You have declared
that all this apothecary stuff was good; now I
am going to deal it out to you. [Laughter.]
"No State shall enter into any treaty, allianoe, or
confederation."
And yet you say they perpetrated no treason
against this Constitution. You in Kentucky
were so loyal in your conduct, and humane in
your feelings, and national in your views, that
you stood between the mighty forces of the
Union on the one side and of the confederacy
on the other, that undertook to destroy the
Union. You said to the Army of the Union,
"Do not invade the sacred, patriotic soil of
Kentucky, for she stands neutral." She, in
her majesty, was going to stand as a break-
water between the contending elements. You
say she committed no offense when she said
if a solitary soldier of that State whose citi-
zens are the descendants of royal pioneers who
felled the dismal forest and made the wildcats
and Indians vanish before them—if a solitary
soldier of that State enlisted in the Union
Army he should be shot before he left the State.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. KERR. I move that'the gentleman's
: time be extended.
A Member. Say ten minutes.
Mr. MULLINS. Ten minutes' time will be
enough.
| The SPEAKER. Is there objection to ex-
tending the gentleman's time ten minutes?
The Chair hears none.
Mr. PRUYN. I would like to hear the gen-
tleman explain the last clause in reference to
the oath of office in the Constitution.
Mr. MULLINS. Yes, sir; I am coming to
that, and it will be a dreadful time when I
come to it. [Laughter.] As the gentleman
seems now quietly disposed, I will take the
! patient in hand. I think he may be able to
stand the dreadful administration of the dose
without a dreadful struggle. [Laughter.]
" Before entering on the execution of his office he
shall take the following oath or affirmation:
i "' I do solemnly swear (or nffirm) that I will faith-
i fully execute the office of President of the United
I States, and will to the best of my ability preserve,
i protect, and defend the Constitution of the United
i States."
Now, sir, can you put your hand on your
heart—you who defend men in high places—
and solemnly say before your country and your
God that this oath has been lived up to by
Buchanan and others? Can you swear or affirm
it, though the world were put in one balance
and your soul in the other. They give silence ;
they feel it. [Laughter.]
I will now quote from page 20 of the Manual.
I read also from the Constitution:
" Treason against the United States shall consist
only in levying war against them, or in adhering to
their enemies, giving them aid and comfort."
Does that apply to this case under consider-
ation? Is there a man here who, before God
and his country, will say that this man did not
give "aid and comfort" to the enemies of the
United States? Can you doit? Upon this
Suestion I tell you you must stand or fall, for
lis is the trying point in the case. Did he
give them aid and comfort or counsel and en-
couragement when he stood up and said that
those who enlisted in the Federal Army, if they
lived in Kentucky, would have to get away im-
mediately or be shot down? And that was
done and has been done from that day to this ?
But we are told that the peculiar condition
of affairs in Kentucky justified him in saying
what he did. Who can justify a son in the
prime of his age who stands by and sees the
murderer come and take the life of his mother,
and say he was loyal to his mother ? Better
for him that a millstone were hung around his
neck and he were cast into the depths of the
sea!
I go on still a little further in the Constitu-
tion. [Laughter.] I will no w read from page
23, article sixth, of the Constitution, the latter
clause, and here comes another oath, " Why,
it is not possible, Mullins," I can hear some
conservative gentlemen say, '' tkat you have
found another oath in the Constitution? We
have never believed there was more than one."
Gentlemen, it is a solemn fact. [Laughter.]
I am ashamed to admit that you ever believed
there was even one from your practices. I beg
pardon. With all due respect, 1 always exclude
the crowd present. [Renewed laughter.] But
here it is:
"The Senators and Representatives before men-
tioned and the members of the several State Legis-
latures and all executive and judicial officers, both
of the United States and of the several States, shall
! be bonnd by oath or affirmation to support this Con-
I stitntion."
