186a
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
921
lature of Maine, in relation to the protection of
naturalized citizens of the United States; which
was referred to the Committee on Foreign Re-
lations, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. HOWE presented resolutions of the Le-
gislature of Wisconsin in relation to the rights
of American citizens in foreign countries;
which were referred to the Committee on For-
eign Relations.
Mr. CAMERON presented a petition of cit-
izens of Pennsylvania, praying that the status
of naturalized citizens may be defined before
the world, and that the Government of Great
Britain may be compelled to do justice to citi-
zens she has imprisoned and now holds in du-
rance, contrary to their rights as American
citizens; which was referred to the Committee
on Foreign Relations.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
Pennsylvania, praying such legislation as will
protect American labor and industry; which
was referred to the Committee on Finance.
He also presented additional papers in rela-
tion to the claim of Caroline M. Purviance and
Francis Wyeth, for compensation for property
used and destroyed by military forces of the
United States at St. Joseph, Missouri; which
were referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. POMEROY presented a resolution of ■
the Legislature of Kansas, in favor of the rat-
ification of a treaty between the United States
and the Shawnee Indians, for the sale of the
nnselected portion of the land known as the
Shawnee Indian reservation, and the protec-
tion of settlers thereon; which was referred
to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
He also presented resolutions of the Legis- !
lature of Kansas, in favor of the extinguish-
ment of the Indian title to the Osage reserva-
tion, lying north and west of the Arkansas
river, and that the same may be made subject
to the homestead and preemption laws; which
were referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs.
He also presented a resolution of the Legis-
lature, of Kansas in favor of restoring to the
public land system the lands along the line of
the Pacific Railroad, so that the same may be
opened to the preemption and homestead laws;
which was referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
Mr. WILSON. I present the petition of
John Beeson, chairman, and Annie Denton
Bridge, secretary, in behalf of the Universal
Peace Society, asking the appointment of com-
missioners to go to Alaska to look into the
condition of the Indians there, in order to
prevent the same policy being adopted toward
those Indians which has been adopted in other
Territories and which has led to war and their
externi nation. I move its reference to the
Committee on Indian Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
He also presented a petition of ordnance
sergeants of the Army, praying that their desig-
nation may be changed to that of "fort
wardens," and that their pay and rations may
be increased ; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. SHERMAN presented a letter of the
Secretary of the Treasury addressed .to the
chairman of the Committee on Finance, in
relation to the reorganization of the Treasury
Department; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. THAYER. I desire to present the pro-
ceedings and resolutions of a large public meet-
ting held at Omaha in Nebraska, to give expres-
sion to their views on the subject of the rights of
American citizens, and especially the unwar-
rantable seizure and imprisonment by the Brit-
ish Government of American citizens, both
native and naturalized. In presenting these
proceedings I desire to remark that they, to-
gether with the memorials which are presented
here from day to day on the same subject, only
demonstrate the universal interest felt by our
people in this great question ; and itseems to me
the time has arrived when some action should
be taken by the Government, for that Govern-
ment which does not cause the rights of its
citizens, both native and naturalized, to be
respected in foreign countries certainly will not
long itself be respected. If the executive
department of this Government would devote
as much time and energy to the protection of
our citizens while abroad as it does to the pur-
chase of earthquakes and tornadoes, it would
more effectually subserve the rights and inter-
ests of the American people. I move that
these proceedings be referred to the Commit-
tee on Foreign Relations.
The motion was agreed to.
papers withdrawn and referred.
On motion of Mr. WILLEY, it was
Ordered, That tho memorial of James C. Pickett be
withdrawn from the flics of the Senate, and referred
to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
On motion of Mr. WILLEY, it was
Ordered, That J. F. Caldwell have leave to with-
draw his petition from the files of tho Senate.
On motion of Mr. CHANDLER, it was
Ordered, That Janes, Fowler, Kirtland & Co. have
leave to withdraw their memorial from the files of
the Senate.
reports of committees.
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs and the Militia, to whom was re-
ferred the bill (S. No. 173) forthe relief of Ann
M. Iiobas y Robaldo, widow o.f Francisco Ro-
baldo, deceased, asked to be discharged from its
further consideration, and that it be referred to
the Committee on Claims; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 272) for the relief
of Captain McMahon, asked to be discharged
from its further consideration, and that it be re-
ferred to the Committee on Claims; which was
agreed to.
taxing of national bank shares.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Finance, to whom was referred the
bill (H. R. No. 512) in relation to taxing shares
in national banks, to report it without amend-
ment.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Why not put it right
through ?
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no objection. If
yon want to do so yon can ask it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I hope the
chairman of the Committee on Finance will
ask to have that bill put on its passage. I pre-
sume there is not a member of the Senate who
will object to it.
Mr. SHERMAN. If it is the pleasure of
the Senate, as the bill is short and presents
but a single point, we mayas well pass it now.
I do not like to ask it if anybody objects; but
if there is no objection I should nke to have it
considered.
Mr. SUMNER. What is the bill ?
The Secretary. A bill (H. R. No. 512) in
relation to taxing shares in national banks.
Mr. CONKLING. Let the bill itself be
read. It is very short.
The Secretary read the bill, as follows :
Be it enacted, <fc., That the words " place where the
bank is located, and not elsewhere," in section forty-
one of the act to provide a national currency, ap-
proved Juno 3,1861, shall be construed and held to
mean the State within which the bank is located;
and the Legislatureof each State may determine and
direct the manner and place of taxing all the shares
of national banks located within said State, subject
to the restriction that tho taxation shall not be at a
greater rate than is assessed upon other moneyed
capital in the hands of individual citizens of such
State: And provided always. That the shares of any
national bank owned by non-residents of any State
shall be taxed in tho city or town where said bank is
located, and not elsewhere.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sena-
tor from Ohio asks for the present considera-
tion of this bill. It requires unanimous con-
sent. The Chair hears no objection, and the
bill is before the Senate as in Committee of the
Whole.
Mr. NYE. My attention was called away
for a moment, and I did not hear the first pro-
vision of that bill. I ask that it be read again.
The Secretary again read the bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. Perhaps I ought to ex-
plain to the Senate very briefly the point the
House propose to accomplish by this bill.
Under the forty-first section of the banking
law, as it stands, all national bank shares are
subject to State taxation, but only at the place
where the bank is located. Take the case of
Maine, for instance ; the bank is located at
Portland, and the tax can only be assessed at
Portland, while the stockholder may live else-
where. This bill will authorize the State at
its pleasure to tax the shareholder at the place
of his residence, not the place where the bank
is located. I believe that is the only point.
Mr. CAMERON. I did not hear the bill
read very distinctly, and I should like to ask
the chairman of the Committee on Finance
whether such a case as this is provided for: a
bank is established in the city of Columbus,
Ohio, and the shareholder lives in the State
| of Pennsylvania: does it provide for collect-
ing the tax from that shareholder at the bank?
Mr. SHERMAN. Under the law as it now
stands a non-resident stockholder may bp taxed
at the place where the bank is located, and this
bill does not change the law in that particular.
I The last clause provides that where the share-
\ holder does not reside within the State then
that the stock may be taxed at the place where
the bank is located.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It is all right.
| The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
1 the third time, and passed,
j bills introduced.
Mr. NYE asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 309)
to promote the efficiency of the Indian depart-
ment; which was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 310)
to incorporate the Georgetown and Washing-
ton Canal and Sewerage Company; which was
read twice by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia.
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 811) to provide for a gradual reduction of
the military forces and to discontinue certain
unnecessary grades therein; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs and the Militia, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. POMEROY asked, and by unariimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 312) granting lands to aid in the construc-
tion of a railroad and telegraph line from Fort
Scott, Kansas, to Sante F6, New Mexico;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Public Lands, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. WILLEY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.'
No. 313) requiring persons applying to Con-
gress for the extension or renewal of patents
to give public notice thereof; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee on
Patents and the Patent Office, and ordered to
be printed.
protection of immigrants.
Mr. COLE submitted the following resolu-
tion ; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Henolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be,
and he is hereby, directed to inform the Senate
whether any, and if any what, further legislation is
necessary to secure to immigrants from foreign coun-
tries a greater degree of safety, comfort, health, pro-
tection in morals, and better treatment generally,
than is provided by existing laws.
Also, to what extent and in what particulars the
necessary provisions of law can be and should bo
mado applicable alike to sailing vessels and to ves-
sels propelled in whole or part by steam.
Also, to what oxtent and in what particular those
provisions of law can be made and should be made
applicable to vessels owned altogether by citizens of
foreign countries.
Also, to what extent and in what particulars tlioso
laws should apply to immigrants from ports other
than European ports.
Also, whether the existing laws apply equally to
steerage passengers both to and from the United
States: and if not, what additional legislation is
advisable in this respect.
