1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
923
Ontonnsron Railroad Company, a corporation of the
State of Michigan, and for twenty miles westerly
from Marquette of the 13.ly deXoquetnndMarquette
railroad,lorthc benefit und use of the Bay de Noquet
and Marquette Railroad Company, four alternate
sections ot land, per mile"—
That is. four sections in addition to what liad
been granted—
"to that, already granted by act of Congress ap-
proved June 3, A.l). IS06, and joint resolution sup-
plementary thereto, to bo selected upon the same
conditions, restrictions, and limitations," &c.
The land is to be selected from the alternate
sections.
"That the time for the completion of the railroad
from fond du Lac, on Lake Winnebago, totho Wis-
consin State line, at or near tho mouth of the Menom-
ooce river, shall be, and hereby is, extended for
the period of five years troui and after the 3d day
of June, 1866. That each of said companies"—
What companies? Why those, I take it, to
whose benefit this act inures, and those com-
panies are named in the first section. One is
the Chicago and Northwestern Railway Com-
pany, another is the Murquelte and Ontonagon
Railroad Company, and the other is the Bay
de Noquet and Marquette Railroad Company—
" T at each of said companies shall grade, in a good
and substantial manner, ready for the ties, twenty
miles of its road within two years, and twenty miles
additional thereof in each year hereafter: Provided,
That it'said companies, or either of them, shall neg-
lect or fail to do .-o, or to complete its load within the
time herein specified, the land granted to such com-
pany shall revert to the U-nited States."
It is to get rid of that forfeiture, to save them
from the necessity of grading twenty miles of
road each year, and especially the next season,
that we ask for the passage of this resolution.
It releases these companies from that obliga-
tion.
Mr. CONKLING. Will the Senator permit
me to ask him a question?
Mr. HOWE. Yes, sir.
Mr. CONKLING. I should like to know
whether the amendment proposed by the Sen-
ator from Vermont does sufficiently point out
and adequately include these two roads?
Mr. HOWE. I have not seen the"proviso
offered by the Senator from Vermont.
Mr. CONKLING. If it does include what
the Senator from Wisconsin deems essential
then I should like to know what the objection
to it is.
Mr. HOWE. It would send the resolution
back to the other House; that is tho objection.
I have no other objection in the world. 1 should
like to have the amendment read.
Mr. HENDRICKS. When this measure was
up before I called attention to its provisions,
and thought it not certain as to the roads that
it described, and on my motion its further con-
sideration was postponed. Since then I have
examined it with the Senator from Wisconsin,
and I think it really includes only the roads
that he mentions, the one extending from
Green Bay to Marquette, and thence westerly
to Ontonagon. If it did include some other
roads I should not vote for it; but as I think it
includes only the roads that he refers to 1 do
not think the amendment proposed by the
Senator from Vermont is important. If, how-
ever, the proper construction of the resolution
should be that it includes other roads in the
States of Michigan and Wisconsin then I think
the amendment is important. But as I think
the resolution as it is now framed only includes
the roads the Senator from Wisconsin claims
it to include I shall vote against the amend-
ment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment offered by the Sen-
ator from Vermont.
Mr. MORTON. I should like to hear the
amendment reported.
The Secretary read the amendment, which
was to add at the end of the first section the
following proviso:
Provided, That the provisions of this section shall
apply only to the chartered and projected line of
railway from the city of Fond du Lac, in the State of
Wisconsin, northerly to Escanaba, in the State of
Michigan; and the chartered and projected line of
railway from Marquette, in the State of Michigan,
waitwardly to Ontonagon, in the same State.
Mr. HOWE. Now, in answer to the inquiry
put by the Senator from New York, I will say [
that it is noticeable that the proviso confines
the operation of this section to two lines of
railway, while this grant was made for the pro-
tection of three distinct companies mentioned '
in the act. One is the Chicago and North-
western, another is the Marquette and Onton-
agon, and the other is the Bay de Noquet and
Marquette road. I know very well what the
chartered rights of the Chicago and North-
western Company are, but I do not know how
these franchises are divided between the Mar-
quette and Ontonagon Company and the Bay
ae Noquet and Marquette Company; so that
I really cannot tell whether the language em-
ployed by my friend from Vermont, which
covers the line from Marquette to Ontonagon,
covers the franchise belonging to both these
companies or not.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Will my friend allow me
to make a suggestion to him ?
Mr. HOWE. Yes, sir.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not wish to claim
to be wiser than my friend, living so far off as
I do, but with all modesty I will suggest to
him that I suspect I know a little more about
, this than he does himself. The friend of my
friend who lives at Green Bay, whose name I
have forgotten, certainly a very honorable and
intelligent man, came to see me on the subject,
I and explained the whole matter to me. I
asked him if all that he wanted was to cover
this gap of unbuilt road between Green Bay
and Escanaba and to gather up the now for-
feited grant from Marquette to Ontonagon?
He said it was; that it was not intended to
apply to anything etie; it was all he wanted,
and his only objection to the amendment was
that made by friend, that he really did not think
it was necessary; that it was not intended to
cover anything more ; and it would require a
day or two more to get the thing back and
have the amendment agreed to by the House.
The railway mentioned as the Little Bay de
Noquet and Marquette railway is already built
and completed, running, and has been for
years, and has become invested with all the
rights and grants that the act of Congress and
the acts of Michigan have given to it; so that
that is built and done and has been running.
I know that personally, for I have been over
it myself since it was- built. Therefore, there
is no question as to the fact that the proviso
that I desire to have added to this resolution
for certainty and security covers all that the
Chicago and Northwestern Railway Company,
represented by this intelligent and, I am bound
to say, perfectly candid man who came to see
me about it, desire to have it done. The only
point, therefore, is, whether it is desirable to
make this certain in connection with these old
acts of 1856, which are referred to in the
act of 1865, and are jumbled into the act of
1865 again, or not. I would not propose
this amendment, because I have no objection
to this resolution, if I did not believe from
the examination I have made of it that it is
necessary to secure any possible misconstruc-
tion. It is not with a view to embarrass the
resolution.
Mr. HOWE. Now, Mr. President, I am not
at all sure that my friend does not know more
about this matter than I do, but I am sure he
has not told anything more than I know. I
know that a road has been built from Bay de
Noquet to Marquette; but I know another thing,
and that is, that the franchise from Marquette
to Ontonagon is divided between the Bay de
Noquet and Marquette Company and the Mar-
quette and Ontonagon Company; so that, while
the Bay de Noquet and Marquette Company
have built a road between those two points,
they have not built all the road which their
charter authorizes them to build; for, as I
understand it, it includes a part of the way
between Marquette and Ontonagon; tLat is,
running from the junction at a place called
Negunee, they go on west toward Ontonagon,
but I do not know how far,>and I do not know
whether they have com pleted that part of the way
or not. Bat I know just as well as my friend
does that those who '(rafted this resolution do
not want to cover anything more than the rights
secured to those three companies under that
act, and I must insist that, inasmuch as those
three companies are expressly named here in
this section, and as this resolution only save#
the rights which are secured to the companies
named here, there cannot be the slightest ne-
cessity for this amendment. There is a serious
objection to sending the resolution back to the
House of Representatives because it will take
time, and it opens the thing to the accidents
which attend legislation in that House. I should
be very sorry to have it go back unless there
is some substantial right to be protected.
Mr. POMEROY. I think the Senate had
better adopt this amendment and let us pass
the resolution, as the morning hour is about
expiring, and it has been up once or twice be-
fore. The amendment of the Senator from
Vermont is certainly a safe one. There can
be no objection to it on the score of safety, and
I think we had better take a vote upon it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The morn-
ing hour having expired, the bill of the House
relating to reconstruction is before the Senate,
on which question the Senator from Connecti-
cut [Mr. Ferry] has the floor.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. As I understand the
Senate is ready to vote on this resolution, I
ask the honorable Senator from Connecticut
whether he will not consent to allow the special
order to be passed over informally for the pur-
pose of taking a vote ?
Mr. FERRY. Certainly, if a vote can be
taken without debate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. By unan
imous consent the vote can be taken on the mat-
ter under consideration. The Chair hears no
objection, and the question is on the amend-
ment offered by the Senator from Vermont.
Mr. MORTON. For one I am not satisfied
with the face of this resolution. I shall vote
for the amendment of the Senator from Ver-
mont; but, sir, I know of no reason why a
very important resolution of this kind should
not describe the railroads on which these lands
are to be conferred, and the failure to construct
which in the time fixed is not to work a for-
feiture. There is a general reference here to
; another act. There may be several acts of
perhaps very nearly the same title. I am sure
there are very few Senators on this floor who
know just exactly what they are doing in vot-
ing for this measure.
Mr. HOWE. Will my friend from Indiana
allow me 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. As debate
is going on, the joint resolution must be laid
aside. The permission of the Senate was to
lay aside the special order in order to take the
vote on this matter, not to continue debate
upon it.
Mr. HOWE. I rose to propose that it should
lie over, so that my friend from Indiana may
examine it.
Mr. HOWARD. I hope it will lie over until
to-morrow.
The PRESIDENT pro temporeIt goes
over of course, the special order being before
the Senate.
senator from maryland.
Mr. JOHNSON. I gave notice on Friday
that I would ask the Senate to take up to-day
the case of my colleague; but, on reflection, 1
think it is desirable that the debate upon the
measure now before the Senate should be con-
cluded, and I will therefore postpone the call-
ing up of his case until that shall happen.
supplementary reconstruction bill.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
bill (H. R. No. 439) additional and supplement-
ary to an act entitled " An act to provide for
the more efficient government of the rebel
States," passed March 2,1867, and to the acts
supplementary thereto, the pending question
being on the motion of Mr. Doolittle, to refer
the bill with instructions to the Committe« on
the Judiciary.
