926
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 3,
What is this military force? Why, sir, a hand-
ful of those citizens who six years ago flew to
arms for the salvation of the national life.
There is nc State in which there is a fourth part
as many of them as there were constables be-
fore the war, according to the calculation of
the Senator from Pennsylvania. But what are
they there for? They are there to protect
society in its transition state from anarchy and
rebellion to peace and stable order, and that
is all. Was there no necessity for their being
sent there? Was any Union man's life safe
till they were sent? Was the class that our
legislation had emancipated safe? Were not
tumult and murder and arson the character-
istics of society, if it may be called society
there? What should the Government do? A
vanquished people prostrate at their feet and
anarchy brooding over them 1 What was the
Government to do? Oh, yon must not send
troops there; you must not keep a regiment
there, because it will be a military despotism!
Sir, of all the pretenses against a beneficent
and paternal Government which have ever been
started since the morning stars sang together
there is none more fallacious than this.
But it is averred that your reconstruction
laws ar# an offense against the rights of the
American people because they disfranchise an
extensive class in the revolted States, some-
times estimated at fifty thousand in numbers.
Now, sir, in reply to this charge of disfran-
chisement, I meet it with a flat denial. The
reconstruction laws disfranchise nobody. What
is the condition of things? I think I have
shown that the people—to wit, those who were,
according to the definition of the Senator from
Pennsylvania, the qualified electors in those
States at the opening of the war—had, by
their acts of acquicsccnce in and sanction of
an attempted secession, abdicated their share
in the sovereignty of the Republic, and with
that abdication abdicated also every right which
depended thereon—their right to exercise the
suffrage, their right to elect State authorities,
and their right to share in the Federal power.
The right to the suffrage and the right to elect
State authorities and their share in the Federal
power were abdicated by the seceding, revolt-
ing, rebelling citizens of the southern States.
It is no disfranchisement which has left them
where they placed themselves.
Sir, we have disfranchised nobody ; but
instead of that what have we done ? We have
not simply enfranchised the black men. There
were not only black men there without the
right of suffrage when this war closed, but
there were six hundred thousand white men
without that rjght, for they had voluntarily
abdicated it. What have we done ? We have
enfranchised almost all those white men, and
we have left the remaining few where they
placed themselves, because they added to their
voluntary abdication the guilt of revolt and
the crime of perjury. Nor was that all; in
addition to these crimes these were the men,
this was the class, who dragged off those south-
ern communities into war upon the national
life. We left them life, we left them liberty,
we left them property, we left them with regard
to the suffrage where they were, where they
had placed themselves, reserving at the same
time a power and a mode in ourselves by which,
according to their good behavior, they should
be remitted even back to that.
Have we done wrong? Is there any injus-
tice in all this? I beg American Senators,
before they cast dishonor upon the good name
of this American Republic, before they send
forth broadcast to all the nations of the earth
these imputations upon the only democracy
the world ever saw, that they will pay a little
heed to the lessons of history and learn how
monarchies and aristocracies treat their rebel-
lious subjects.
But it is said, again, that these laws are
tinjufit because they give the control of the
southern States to a class. I am not goftg to
enter much into those considerations which
grow out of the names "negro" and "white
man.'1' Sir? when I look at a human being-1
look at him as a man. When I look at an
American citizen I look at him to accord to
him the rights which God and the laws of his
country have given liim. If it be true that to
any class as such, black or white, the recon-
struction laws have given a political supremacy
in the southern States then let those laws be
repealed. But, sir, the fact is not so. Sen-
ators harp upon the words "negro suprem-
acy." The President repeats them again and
again in his message. I will impute nothing
unkind to them. 1 will not imitate the Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania or the Senator from
Indiana, who last addressed the Senate upon
this subject, [Mr. Hendricks,] who imputed
to us on this side of the Chamber that for the
sake of gaining a party supremacy we were
dishonestly endeavoring to oppress our fellow-
citizens of the southern States. I impute noth-
ing like that to these gentlemen. I believe
they are honest; I believe they are sincere; I
believe they are patriotic. 1 believe that they
think that in these reconstruction laws they
see the seeds of danger, and that patriotically
they are raising the voice of warning. I think
they are mistaken, and I argue against them
as mistaken; but I will not follow their exam-
ple and impute to them dishonesty and cor-
ruption of motive.
Have we given the control to a class? After
the argument of the Senator from Wisconsin
near me [Mr. Howe] on Friday last it is idle
for me to go over the statistics of that subject.
If any fact can be demonstrated with mathe-
matical accuracy he did demonstrate that these
laws do not confer the supremacy over south-
ern society upon the class to which allusion is
made. If his estimates, based upon statistics
at this distance from the scene of action, are
considered to be unreliable, I call witnesses
right from the spot; I call witnesses to whom
neither the Senator from Maryland nor the
Senator from Pennsylvania will object. What
is the language of Governor Brown, of Geor-
gia? He is a reliable witness, elevated by the
people of that community to the chief magis-
tracy of the State, active in the opening of the
war in behalf of the rebellion, but accepting
the decision of the contest and patriotically
endeavoring to restore society there to its !
normal condition and bring back harmonious i
relations with the entire Republic. He comes
forward as a witness, and let me read what he
says:
"The people of the North have been told lately
that the acts of Congress establish negro supremacy
and white subordination in the South. The charge
is false. It was the perverse obstinacy of the white
race refusing to take control that gave the negroes
power in the convention."
Does he not know? He lives there; he
votes there; these scenes are all passing before
his eye3:
" There is fifteen thousand white majority in Geor-
gia. With this majority, and the boasted superiority
of the race in intellect, education, experience, and ,
wealth, it is a libel on the white men to say that
negroes can rule intellect and capital and control
numbers."
No wonder, sir, that the ex-Governor of
Georgia repels the foul calumny upon the white
men of his State which is hurled at them by
the Senator from Pennsylvania and the Sen-
ator from Indiana who spoke last, [Mr. Hend-
ricks. ] To the same effect—I will not read
it—is the testimony of Governor Orr, of South
Carolina, a State in which the negroes have
the numerical majority; but he has no fear
that that numerical majority is to give the
negroes of that State the political supremacy
there. Sir, you know him; he served in the
other House of Congress while you have been
here. He has seen the progress of events for
the last five years; and if the Senator from
Indiana [Mr. Hendricks] cannot learn any-
thing from the logic of events, the Governor
of South Carolina has learned.
But the fourth objection to the modes pro-
vided in the reconstruction laws is the one
which after all is in the eyes of their opponents
the great offense. It is averred that the
sovereignty of-tke Republic expresses itself in
those laws dangerously to the future safety of
the nation, and therefore departs from its duty,
because it admits unqualified citizens to the
suffrage. Sir, the Senator from Indiana, who
on the Republican side [Mr. Morton] followed
the Senator from Wisconsin in this debate,
has demonstrated the necessity of the admis-
sion of this class to the suffrage in the
ten States under consideration, because it is,
without that admission, impossible to build
up loyal State governments there. The Sen-
ator from Wisconsin who spoke on Friday
last, [Mr. Howe,] has demonstrated that it is
impossible for the sovereignty of the Republic
to establish justice without the admission of
that class to the suffrage. And now, sir, I
assert, and I believe it capable of demonstra-
tion, that there is no safety to the Republic
itself, there is no safety to democratic insti-
tutions unless this class be admitted to the
suffrage, as they arc admitted by the recon-
struction laws.
When a great nation goes to war, whether
that be a foreign or civil war, and when that
war comes to its close, the one chief duty of
the sovereign is to see that, if possible, the
cause out of which the war sprang shall be
removed and removed forever from the body
politic. We have been through a great war.
It has come to its close. It had a cause, and
that cause should be cast out of the body-
politic and removed forever. What was it?
We are accustomed to say that it was slavery.
Sir, it was not because black men were slaves
that this country got into war. It was because
white men were oligarchs. It was because
slavery fed and supported oligarchy. I use
the word oligarchy advisedly in contradistinc-
tion from aristocracy, for aristocracy is in
theory the government of the best, while
oligarchy is the government of the few with-
out reference to qualifications. Inevitably,
out of the system of slavery existing before
the war rose up an oligarchy predominant in
a section, bound together by community of
interest, on account of such predominance and
unity capable of throwing its whole political
force into the scale of either of the contending
parties of the other section of the country and
thus controlling the policy and action of the
Government itself.
What had this oligarchy done? In the com-
munities where it was predominant it had
stricken down the democratic life of society ;
it had destroyed liberty of speech and freedom
of the press. It had stricken down the sov-
ereignty of this Republic, for no man could
vote in that section except as the oligarchy
dictated. In 1856 I visited nearly every sec-
tion of my own State, urging the election of a
Republican candidate for the Presidency. I
could not have gone to one of these ten S ates
and asked the people to vote for that candi-
date without endangering my own life; and il
any one of them had dared to follow the advice
I gave the oligarchy would have taken his life.
But that was not all. Not only had ii thus
stricken down the democratic life of its own
section, but allying itself with one or the other
of the great parlies of the other section it
dominated over the Government of the coun-
try, and aimed at the destruction of the demo-
cratic spirit in the nation itself. It robbed the
mails; it came boldly here into the halls of
Congress and told the sovereign people that
they should not send their petitions here upon
a particular subject. It demanded the spread
of the system upon which it throve all over
the unoccupied Territories of the Republic.
It debauched the legislation of the nation.
And now, sir, while this was going on, in the
other great section of the Republic the dem-
cratic spirit which lies at the foundation ol
our institutions nevertheless prevailed. It ex-
tended civilization and the arts of civilized
life from the Atlantic sea-board to the Missis-
sippi and the Pacific; and it was inevitable
that in the progress of events, the democracy
of the North and th<? oligarchy of the South
would come into collision. They did so, and
the oligarchy fell, and where it fell there it
should lie forever.
