1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBEl
927
But the proposition to repeal these recon-
struction laws, emanating from the President
of the United States, and the modification of
these laws proposed by the Senator from Wis-
consin are adapted intentionally or uninten-
tionally to reconstruct that oligarchy over the
whole South. Sir, an institution does not
cease to be an institution because its basis is
changed. The oligarchy of the old time, the
oligarchy that stood upon the Potomac and
kept back northern civilization with the bowie
knife and the revolver, the oligarchy which
debauched and demoralized the once noble
Democratic party of this country, was an oli-
garchy based on the servitude of labor; and
now that it has brought this unparalleled woe
upon this Republic ; now that our sons and
our brothers in uncounted thousands lie in
untimely graves on a hundred battle-fields ;
now that S4,000,000,000 of our treasure have
been annihilated in the smoke of gunpowder
and the crash of shot and shell—now, to-day,
these gentlemen come here and ask us again
to build up an oligarchy based on the disfran-
chisement of labor. Sir, whatever of reac-
tion and ebb and flow of the tide of public
opiuion there may be, I, for one, feel certain
that the people of this Republic, after the expe-
rience of the last sixty years and the blood and
misery of the past six years, are not going to
consent to this. Will you change its character
because you change its basis? The Senator
from Wisconsin may deny the argument, for
he may deny the intention. But what is the
fact ? Modify your reconstruction laws so as
to give the control of the ballot-boxes substan-
tially to that very oligarchy, and you know
they will vote down the enfranchisement of
the class which those laws enfranchise; you
know that they will reduce that class to
the condition of pariahs and serfs, for they
declare it in their every act of legislation, in
their every public speech, in their every news-
paper press.
Sir, an oligarchy dies hard, and to-day the
effort which is made in these communities is to
rebuild it; and I sometimes am almost afraid
that our Democratic friends, remembering their
long lease of power by their alliance with the
old oligarchy, are willing to build up the new,
that thereby another unholy alliance may give
them another lease.
But, sir, this is not all. I have said that I
did not believe the people of this country would
consent to the reconstruction of an oligarchy
based upon the disfranchisement instead of the
servitude of labor. Sir, they cannot consent.
The Senator from Indiana [Mr. Hendricks]
does not understand the logic of events. I
commend him to history. Go back, sir, to the
settlement of this country and see what has been
from the beginning the law of its life. When
two hundred and fifty years ago the first Euro-
pean settlers, English, Scotch, Irish, French,
Spanish, Swedish, dotted our Atlantic coast
with their settlements, they left behind them the
feudalism of the Old World, although' they
brought with them something, indeed, of the
reverence for Old World institutions in which
they had been nurtured; but, arrived here, they
stood between the wild ocean on the one hand
and the primeval forest on the other; arrived
here, they wrought out in their contests with
that primeval nature the knowledge of the
worth of individual manhood. Here among
our American forests, here in the wild recesses
of nature, democracy was born—not the spu-
rious, bastard issue of the modern day, but that
democracy which found its grandest expression
in modern ages in the Declaration of Inde-
pendence. For one hundred and fifty years God
trained our fathers to be fit for that Declara-
tion ; and in this country, although you do not
quote it in your laws, although you do not re-
cite it in your Constitution, it is to-day more
potent over the national life than all constitu-
tions and laws put together.
What has it wrought out ? What was the
condition of American society when that in-
strument was promulgated ? The Senatorfrom
Maryland said the other day that suffrage was
not universal at the formation of the Constitu-
tion in any State. It was not. When that in-
strument was promulgated there were States in
which the old aristocratic system of church and
State survived. Mine was one of them. There
were States in which property qualifications were
demanded to admit a man to the exercise of
simple political right inherent in his manhood.
There were States in which the laws of primo-
geniture still kept up the old aristocratic con-
dition of society. But the declaration went out
among them, and one after the other, church
and State, primogeniture and qualified suffrage
went down before the spirit of atrue democracy.
Its last conflict was with slavery. You know
the result.
The declaration has made this nation what
it is. And has it not done its work well?
Go wherever it has found its fullest and its
truest expression : there you will find law and
order most secure ; there you will find most
churches and most school-houses ; there you
will find most happy villages and hear inostof
the busy hum of industry. And that power in
this country is omnipotent yet. It has been
withstood by this oligarchical system based upon
slavery. It is withstood to-day by the same
oligarchy seeking a new basis upon the disfran-
chisement of labor ; but the latter shall fall be-
fore it as did the former. Sir, if this Republic
is to survive, if our posterity are to inherit any
of the blessings which we enjoy, you must have
a homogeneous Republic, and a homogeneous
people, with homogeneous institutions from the
lakes to the gulf, and from the Atlantic to the
Pacific; and the progress, the history, and the
tendencies of the American life demonstrate that
that homogeneity must be upon the true dem-
ocraticbasis of the Declaration of Independence.
Hence the action of Congress in the enactment
of the reconstruction laws has been not only
necessary to the national safety and just to the
enfranchised classes, but an inevitable result
of the tendencies of American society and our
American system.
In reply to all this it is argued that the ne-
gro is unfit to vote. Sir, I will not repeat the
argument which lias been made here as to
who made him so, for after all, that is not an
answer to the declaration of his unfitness. But
first, in reference to the scope which is given
to the charge of unfitness, I deny it. Since
the emancipation proclamation of 18G3 vast
numbers of the negroes of this country have
been educated more rapidly than any people
were ever educated before. I have seen them,
just escaped from the enemy's lines, flocking
to our camps, and by the flickering light of
the camp-fire learning their spelling book or
stumbling over their first words in the New
Testament. They had learned that there the
grand principle was taught that the poor and
despised are neighbor to the rich and the
haughty. They built school-houses. True, my
Democratic friends have burned them down
over their heads; but they have not despaired.
There never was a people so eagerly crowding
the avenues to knowledge as these people are
to-day. Sir, are you going to teach men to
swim by keeping them sprawling upon the
banks of the stream? How shall these men
be made fit? Will you give them fitness by
excluding them from the ballot?
The argument of unfitness which the Senator
from Wisconsin [Mr. Doolitti.c] made against
this race, although it may have been original,
was not new. Go back only two or three years
to the debates in the British Parliament upon
the last reform bill; take up the speech of Mr.
Lowe, of the London Times, the advocate of
the English aristocrac}', against the English
laboring white man, and you will find there
every argument that the Senator from Wiscon-
sin advanced against the negro. The argu-
ments of oligarchy are the same the world over.
I say, therefore, for a great portion of these
newly enfranchised citizens it is not true that
they are unfit, and for the other portion it is
true that the shortest, readiest way to make
them fit is to give them the ballot. Sir, you
want society safe; you want peace and good
order to prevail in your communities. Will
you succeed in doing so by keeping there a
pariah class in degradation, sullen and discon-
tented, seeing above them rights and privileges
which their God-given instincts teach them
belong to them, but seeing themselves excluded
from them only because another race is paler-
faced than their own? No, sir; peace and
safety, the duty of the victorious sovereign at
the close of the civil conflict, can only be
attained by the means which are provided in
reference to this class of American citizens by
the acts of reconstruction.
Now, sir, to recapitulate: I have shown that
the issue presented here by the Senators from
Maryland and Pennsylvania is based upon their
allegation that the reconstruction laws are un-
constitutional ; and that underneath that alle-
gation lies the denial of American nationality.
I have shown that the people of this Republic
are one nation ; that the sovereignty of that
nation is by the preamble to the Constitution
proclaimed to be in the people themselves ;
that the people, that is, the qualified electors
of the ten States for which -we are legislating,
by their acts of secession and sanction of or
acquiescence in those acts, abdicated their por-
tion of sovereignty, and with it every political
right and function dependent thereupon ; that
at the close of the war the right and the only
right which they could claim of the victor was
clemency; that both the right and the duty of
the victor was to secure peace, to establish jus-
tice, and to guaranty the national safety ; that
the reconstruction acts must be tried by these
criterions; that they exhibit a clemency un-
paralleled in the history of the world ; that they
have proved a wise, just, and permanent mode
of establishing justice, securing peace, and
guarantying the national safety; that the objec-
tions urged against them are either unfounded
in principle or in fact; that their repeal or
their modification in the modes presented by
the Senator from Wisconsin would be to rebuild
upon a new basis the old oligarchy and enda*-
M ger another civil convulsion within a quarter
of a century. I have shown that the efforts
made to fix odium upon them because of their
admission of a class hitherto deprived of the
| suffrage to that right are unjust and unfounded.
And now, sir, if these things are so why can-
not we have peace? Why is it that the Demo-
cratic party, or rather the leaders thereof, are
instigating the two millions of their followers
all over this country to strike down a system
of laws which is bringing back to the Republic
civil harmony and good order, and will soon
bring back, if left alone, fraternal affection?
Why is it that the Senator from Wisconsin
wishes us to modify those laws so as to restore
to their potency the very evils from which we
sought to liberate ourselves by the war? And
more than all, sir, why is it that the Senatoi
from Maryland lends the weight of his great
name and extensive influence to the enemies
of this system? It is true, as I said, that his
argument was not addressed in terms against
the system of the past, but the'bills which have
been laid before us by the House for our future
action : but his argument, after all, is of the
tenor and effect of the arguments of the Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania and the Senator from
Indiana, [Mr. Hexdricks.] Why is it that the
Senator from Maryland should be writing pam-
phlets and distributing'them to the people and
sending them to the members of this body,
declaring that the dangerous condition of this
country grows out of the legislation of Con-
gress?
Sir, I came into this Chamber on the night
of the 2d of March last as a Senator-elect.
The galleries were crowded. The floors were
thronged with the members of the other House.
A solemnity reigned over the Chamber. The
great reconstruction debate was drawing to a
close. I saw the Senator from Maryland rise
in his place. I heard him declare that for the
sake of his bleeding country he should give
those measures his vote; and I thanked God
in my heart that there had come down to us
from the palmy days of the Repablic one Sea-
