928
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 3,
ator who would place country above party and
give his vote accordingly.
Mr. JOHNSON. Will the honorable mem-
ber permit me to interrupt him for a moment?
Mr. FERRY. Certainly.
Mr. JOHNSON. It is true, Mr. President,
that I gave the vote to which the honorable
member refers. It is true that I did it from a
conviction that the measure for which I voted
was calculated sooner than any other that I
thought was likely to be introduced to heal
the troubles of the country and bring peace to
the South. It is equally true that never for
one moment, from the time I gavethat vote to
the present hour, have I regretted it, and under
the same circumstances I should vote as I did
then. But, sir, it is also true that in the re-
marks to which the honorable member has so
kindly referred I stated, in substance, that I
believed the measure itself for which I voted
was inconsistent with the Constitution of the
United States. I yielded my opinion in order
to heal the troubles in which the country was
placed, and I did it under a belief—which I
thought I was justified in entertaining from
what had been said on this floor—that that
measure would be a final one upon the part of
Congress. I thought then, and I think now,
that a Senator of the United States who really
believes that his country is in danger unless its
condition is changed for the better has no right
to stand upon his own convictions of constitu-
tional duty in times of admitted peril to the
country when he finds that he differs with
many gentlemen of acknowledged ability and
whose sincerity he had no right to question.
My feelings at that time were the feelings
which I entertain now. I want the country to
be restored to its former healthy, peaceful, and
happy condition, and there is nothing that I
would not do now, as there was nothing that I
would not have done then, to bring about that
result. If the honorable member thinks that
there is any inconsistency between the vote
which I gave then and the vote which I pro-
pose to give now it is an opinion upon his
part which, however much I may regret, does
not change my own conviction of what my duty
was then or what it is now.
The country is not at peace. The measure
for which I voted has not proved a finality.
Those who at that time declared that it was
intended to be so have been mistaken. They
have either found, as they suppose, that the
South would not accept it or that it was neces-
sary, for some other purpose, to adopt other
measures still more objectionable, in my opin-
ion, than the measure for which I voted, and
still, if possible, more absolutely in conflict
with the Constitution. But notwithstanding
this, if I could be morally convinced that the
South would in a short time, if the proposed
measures are adopted, be restored to the con-
dition in which she was before the war com-
menced—that such measures would terminate
what I believe to be (however honest) perse-
cution by Congress of the South, I would vote
for the measures now; but I do not feel now
as I did then.
It is, too, a matter of gratification to me
and not of surprise, Mr. President, that for the
vote referred to by the honorable member I was
not only not censured by the leading men of
the South, and amongJ;hem many of those who
periled their lives in the effort to establish for
her a separate independence, but commended.
And in vindication of my course upon that
occasion I am willing to rest upon the short
speeches I then made in support of it.
Mr. FERRY. Mr. President, the argument
upon which I was proceeding was simply this :
the Senator from Maryland voted for the
original reconstruction acts, yielding his own
convictions of constitutional law for the sake
of a suffering country; but now, when nothing
really new has as yet been adopted, when the
principle of those acts still remains, when all
that has been done is merely explanatory of
their true character, the Senator from Mary-
land, both through the public press and by the
tenor of his arguments here in debate, allies
himself with the enemies of the reconstruction
system, and the weight of his name and his
influence goes out to the country _ on that side.
For, sir, be it remarked, in reply to the allu-
sion which the Senator has made to the meas-
ures which are now pending before the Senate of
the United States, they are not measures
adopted. The Republican party and the Con-
gress of the United States have been too often
and too widely condemned for measures pro
posed but never adopted. When we have enacted
the laws to which the Senator refers into stat-
utes, and placed them upon our statute-book
let the country condemn us for them if it
chooses. But so long as they only remain
proposed, so long as their adoption is yet a
matter of the future, upon which this body
has not decided, and upon which its decision
may be adverse to the propriety of their
enactment, it is unwise and unjust to condemn
either the Republican party or the Congress
because a proposition to enact a law has been
made.
But, sir, the Senator from Maryland now
says in his explanation that the acts to which
he gave his sanction last spring have not re-
stored the South. Did he expect it to be done
in a day? Did he expect the machinery of
registration, of an election to a convention, of
the drafting of a constitution, of the election
of State legislators and members of Congress,
was to be accomplished in a month or six
months? Sir, he expected no such thing. The
machinery of those laws simply required an
adequate time to carry them into execution to
bring back every one of these southern States
to their functions in the Union. Sir, has not
that work been going on well from the day that
those laws were passed? We gave the control
subsequently to the President by giving him
the appointment of the military commanders,
who were to appoint registers and supervise
the registration. I make no charge, no railing
accusation against the President or any mili-
tary commander. Sir, we live in times too
grave, the issues before the Senate and the
country are too solemn, for me, at any rate, to
indulge in epithets or vituperation; but I do
say that, considering all the circumstances in
which the country has been placed, consider-
ing all the difficulties under which those statutes
have gone into operation, that operation has
been more beneficent and more perfect than
their fondest advocates could have anticipated.
Nine of those States have substantially declared
by a majority of their popular vote that they
are ready as soon as the forms of law can be
gone through with to come back into the
Union as loyal members of the national sover-
eignty. The tenth will do so in a few weeks
to come. They are adopting constitutions.
But a single one has yet been returned to us;
yet I defy the logislation of the worU to point
to a wiser, freer, better, purer organic law than
the despised convention of Alabama has sent
up to the Congress of the United States.
Have the laws not worked well? And if
they have done well, why add to this popular
clamor against Congress? Why teach the peo-
ple to distrust the exponents of their own will?
What are we here? What is Congress? Sir,
we are the mouthpiece of the sovereignty of
this Republic, and nothing else. We utter the
will of that sovereignty as expressed at its latest
authoritative declaration. If that will should
change before another congressional election
shall take place our successors will obey it. It
is for us to obey the will expressed to us, and
that will, above all, was just what the Senator
from Maryland said, " Bring back the South."
I echo it from his lips—"Bring back the South.''
Aye, come and help us. Come, Maryland and
Pennsylvania; come, Kentucky and Tennes-
see ; come, Delaware and Wisconsin; come
and help us to bring back the South. Our
hearts are longing for the old Union. Our
blood beats high for the restoration of the old
fraternity which once distinguished the people
of these States. But, sir, we feel that, return-
ing, they should return in the spirit of Ameri-
can liberty. We feel that, returning thus, they
will help us to establish the edifice of State
upon foundations which shall never be moved.
And, sir, the South is coming back—coming
back, not now encumbered by slavery and dark-
ened by secession, but clothed in the garments
of freedom and with the sunshine of loyalty
illuminating her brows; coming back to take
her place in the councils of the nation and the
hearts of the people. And the North is going
forth and will go forth to her. Our ships shall
go, not now to block up her commerce and
bombard her cities, but to open the channels
of that commerce and carry her products to
the remotest nations of the globe, and bring
back to her their varied wealth. Our capital
shall go, not now to spread devastation and be
annihilated in gunpowder and the crash of
shot and shell, but it shall go to build up her
ruined cities, to whiten her fields once more
with the harvest, to make her mountain streams
vocal with the hum of the spindle and the loom.
Our men shall go there, not now in battle array
and with the panoply of war, but with the im-
plements of peace to till her deserted fields and
to make her waste places to bud and blossom as
the rose. Sir, all these results are not to be
accomplished at once; perhaps this generation
may pass away before the asperities and the
heart burnings that have been engendered by
years of controversy and other years of civil war
shall disappear ; but the time is coming when
our children, at least, from the North to the
South, and from the Atlantic to the Pacific,
shall be in unity, one in sentiment, one in char-
acter, one in institutions; and then the voice
of the people shall once more be indeed as the
voice of God.
Mr. STEWART obtained the floor.
Mr. BUCKALEW. Will the Senator per-
mit me to say one word in explanation?
Mr. STEWART. Certainly.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I did not wish to inter-
rupt the Senator from Connecticut in the
course of his remarks for the purpose of cor-
recting a reference which he made to an ob-
servation in my speech of the 29th instant.
The Senator observed that I had declared that
we were aliens to the people of the South,
that we were not concerned in the action which
they might adopt for themselves with reference
to this subject of reconstruction. Now what I
said was as follows. I will read it as the lan-
guage was uttered:
"You who arc foreign to them, who aro aliens go
far as their local policies are concerned, make their
fundamental laws."
The Senator omitted to observe that my re-
mark was accompanied by a limitation as to
those matters of policy which were local or
municipal in the southern States; that it had
no reference whatever to any of those great
questions in which all the States of the Union
are concerned in common, those relations
which are founded and grow out of the Con-
stitution of the United States and arise under
the Government which it has established. Per-
haps the term "aliens" was rather stronger
than was necessary to convey my thought.
The thought simply was that with reference
to matters purely local in the southern coun-
try we had no concern and no business; that
our relations with them were confined only to
those matters which were contained in the
Constitution of the United States.
Mr. STEWART. Mr. President, I under
stand the question before the Senate to be the
resolution of instruction offered by the Senator
from Wisconsin, [Mr. Doolittle.] I call for
the reading of that resolution.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Retolved, That the bill of the House be referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary with the following
instructions:
And that said committee be instructed in said bill
or in any other bill which may be reported by them
having reference to the question of reconstruction,
so called, in any of the States not represented in tho
present Congress to insert tho following proviso:
Provided, nevertheless. That upon an election for
theratifieation of any constitution, or of officers under
tho same, previous to its adoption in any Stato, 110
person not having.the qualifications of an elector
under tho constitution and laws ot «uch State pro-
