ism.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
929
vious to the late rebellion shall be allowed to vote.
unless he shall possess one of the following qualifica-
tions, namely:
1. He shall have served as a soldier in the Federal
Aruiy ior oue year or more;
2. He shall have sufficient education to read the
Constitution of the United States and to subscribe
bis came to on oath to support the same; or,
A shall be seized in his own right, or in the right
of his wite, of a freehold of the value of $250.
Mr. STEWART. This somewhat remarkable
proposition is evidently taken from the dispatch
of the President to the provisional governor
of Mississippi on the loth day of August, 1805,
which I ask the Secretary to read.
The Secretary read as follows:
Exboutivs Oifjcjc.
Washington, D. C.. AugwitlS, 1865.
Governor W. L. Sharkf.t, Jackton, MittUsippi:
X ana gratified to see that you have orgauized your
convention without difficulty. I hope that without
delay your convention will amend your State consti-
tution—abolishing slavery and denying to all iuture
Legislatures the power to legislate that there is prop-
erty in m m: also, that they will adopt the amend-
ment to the Constitution of tho United States abol-
ishing slavery. If you could extend the elective fran-
chise to all persons of color who oan read the Consti-
tution of the United States in English and writo their
names, and to all persons of color who own real es-
tate valued at no t less than $250 and pay taxes thereon,
you would completely disarm the adversary and set
an example the other States will follow. This you
can do with perfect safety, and you thus place the
southern States in reference to tree persona of
color upon the samo basis with the free States. I
hope and trust your convention will do this, and, as a
consequence, the Radicals, who are wild upon negro
franchise, will be completely foiled in their attempt
to keep the southern States Irom renewing their rela-
tions to the Union by not. accepting their Senators
and Representatives.
ANDREW JOHNSON,
President of the United istatet.
Mr. STEWART. I quote this dispatch
because I desire to- call the attention of the
Senate a,ad of the country to the fact that thq
President and his southern friends had some
common "adversary" at that early date; whona
he proposed to "disarm." And this adver-
sary he designates as the '' Radicals, wild upon
negro franchise." They are by him to be com-
pletely foiled in their attempt to keep the souths
era Statefrfrom renewing their relations to the
Union by not accepting their Senators and Rep-
resentatives ; and this, he ventures to assure the
South, can be done with safety. Safety to what ?
What is to be endangered ? Rebel rule ? I
challenge any man to give it any other con-
struction. And yet this was four months before
the assembling of the first Congress after the
fall of the rebellion, and while the leaders of
the party by which he was elected were treat-
ing him as one of themselves and attributing
to him motives all patriotic. Mark the date:
the 15th day of August, 1865. Is it not re-
markable that there was so much confidence
in the President existing among leading Repub-
licans, that he would stand by the country and
the party which elected him that they defeated
his motives for months after this extraordinary
telegram was written ? This document fur-
nishes material for a speech.
But I shall dismiss it and follow the example
of others in discussing the general questions
involved in this debate.
Mr. President, in the remarks which I pro-
pose to submit I desire to state fairly the posi-
tions of the two parties now contending for the
control of the destinies of this country. The
position which each party occupies is the logi-
cal result of the issues presented at the break-
ing out of the rebellion. At that time there
was a Democratic President, a Democratic
Cabinet, a Democratic Supreme Court; and
tke rebel States all had Democratic Governors
and Legislatures. These rebel States and those
who openly espoused their cause contended
that the Constitution authorized secession.
The peace Democracy of the North did not
fully indorse this doctrine, but contended that
while the Constitution did not affirmatively
authorize secession no authority was delegated
to the General Government to coerce a State
into obedience to the laws of the United States.
The only difference between the doctrine of the
secessionists and the peace Democrats of the
North was a mere abstraction. The former
said secession was right; but the latter, while
40th Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 59.
denying the abstract right of secession, also
denied that it was a wrong for which the Con-
stitution provided a remedy. This construc-
tion was satisfactory to the secessionists, for
all they demanded was "to be let alone."
What difference did it make to the confeder-
ates whether the General Government admit-
ted the right of secession or not provided the
power to prevent it was denied ?
The position of the Democratic party upon
this vital question was stated at the time by.
the party press, by Pendleton, Vallandigham,
and hundreds of others, and is still fresh in
the memory of the whole country. But inas-
much as Mr. Buchanan not only spoke for the
Democratic party but for the last Democratic
Administration at tha time secession was inau-
gurated, I call the attention of the Senate to
the language of his annual message to Con-
gress on the 3d December, 1860. After dis-
cussing the situation*at length he says:
"The course of events is so rapidly hastening for-
ward that the emergency inay soon arise when you
may be called upon to decide the momentous ques-
tion whether you possess the power by force of arms
to compel a State to remain in the Union. I should
feel myself recreant to my duty were 1 not to oxpress
an opinion on this important subject.
"The question fiirly stated is: has the Constitu-
tion delegated to Congressthe power to coerce aState
into submission which is attempting to withdraw or
has actually withdrawn from the Confederacy ? If
answered in the affirmative, it must bo on the prin-
ciple that the power has been conferred upon Con-
gress to declare and to make war against a State.
After much serious reflection I have arrived at
the conclusion that no such power has been dele-
fated to Congress or to any other department of the
ederal Government."
Will it be denied that if this doctrine had
been acquiesced in by the people of the loyal
States that secession would have been an ac-
complished fact—the Union dissolved, the
I nation dishonored, and the Constitution de-
stroyed? But the Republican party construed
the Constitution differently. They contended
that the people had ordained and established
a Constitution of government, and that the
United States posscd the necessary and inher-
ent right to maintain unimpaired the national
authority and to enforce the laws. Here was
| the point of departure. One great party de-
nied the power of the Government to maintain
' itsown existence ; the other assertingand obey-
ing the fundamental principle upon which the
Government was organized, that it should be
perpetual.
If the Union party was right, and the Con-
stitution and Union were ordained to be pre-
served, then the power to perpetuate them was
conferred upon the Government by the express
language of the Constitution. For tie Consti-
tution provides that—
" The Congress shall have power to make all laws
whieji shall be necessary and proper for carrying into
execution the foregoing powers and all other powers
vested by this Constitution in the Government ofthe
United States or in any Department or officerthereof."
If those who sustained the Union were right
in their theory that the Constitution authorized
the suppression of the rebellion then the lan-
guage of the Constitution itself plainly author-
ized Congress to pass all necessary laws to carry,
into execution that power. Chief Justice Mar-
shall, in the great case of McCulloch vs. The
State of Maryland, (4 Wheaton,) in discussing
the meaning of the word necessary in the clause
of the Constitution above quoted, says:
" This word, then, like others, is used in various
senses: and in its construction the subject, the con-
text, the intention of the person using it, are ail to
be taken into view. Let this be done in the case
under consideration. The subject is the execution of
those great powers on which the welfare of a nation
essentially depends. Itmusthave been the intention
of those who gave these powers to insure, as far as
human prudencecould insure, their beneficial execu-
tion. This could not be done by confiningthe choice
of means to such narrow limits ns not to leave it in
the power of Congress to adopt any which might be
appropriate, and which were conducive to the end.
" This provision is made in a Constitution intended
to endure for ages to come; and, consequently, to be
adapted to the various crises of human affairs. To
have prescribed tho means by which Government
should, in all future time, execute its powers would
have been to change entirely the character of the
instrument and give it the properties of a legal code.
It Would have been an unwise attempt to provide,
by immutable rules, for exigencies which, if foreseen
at all, must have been seen dimly, and which oan be
best provided for as they occur. To have declared
that the best means shall not be used, but those alone
without which the power given would bo nugatory,
would have been to deprive the Legislature of the
capacity to avail itscli of experience, to cxercUo itt
reason, and to accommodate its legislation to cir-
cumstances. '
But the' Democratic party, both the seces-
sionists of the South and the peace Demo-
crats of the North, concurring in the doctrine
that it was unconstitutional t,o maintain the
Union by force of arras, questioned the con-
, stitutionality of every law and every act of the
Government designed for the suppression of
the rebellion. It was unconstitutional to en-
; force the laws in the rebel States; it was un-
constitutional to defend the forts and other
property of the United States in the late con-
federacy; it was unconstitutional to return the
: fire of the rebels fighting against the flag of
; their country; it wa3 unconstitutional to eman-
cipate slaves of rebel masters, although those
slaves were used for the destruction of the
, Union and the Constitution ; it was unconsti-
i tutional to protect men in the South who were
< still loyal to the Government. This was the
i position of the Democratic party during the
I war. When the rebellion had fallen it was
I unconstitutional to prescribe the terms of set-
| tlement or to demand security for the future.
This is and was the logical position of that
party who did and do contend that this Gov-
ernment is but a rope of sand. And if they
were right in the beginning they are right now—
if wrong then they are wrong now. Why is it
that the rebels pretend to defend the Constitu-
tion? Is it because it perpetuates the Union
and authorizes the Government to execute the
laws and guaranty to each State a republican
form of government; or is it because they have
been educated to believe and do believe that
it authorizes secession and denies the right of
the United States to protect all classes of cit-
izens and maintain free government? Why
is it that the peace Democrats of the North
constantly appeal to the Constitution? Is it
because it authorized the suppression of rebel-
lion and the preservation of the Union; or is
it because they believe it denies the power of
self-preservation to the Government and vin-
dicates the theory of the modern Democracy
to " let the erring sisters depart in peace?"
It would be idle to attempt to convince a
rebel or a peace Democrat that the reconstruc-
tion measures of Congress are constitutional.
They have contended from the first that every
war measure was unconstitutional and their
position is consistent and well understood.
But those who maintained- that it was consti-
tutional to suppress the rebellion will find it
difficult to question the constitutionality of the
laws necessary for the restoration of the rebel
States. The rebels overthrew the State gov-
ernments and established rebel organizations.
Those who admit the right of the Government
to suppress the rebellion will scarcely contend
that these rebel organizations were entitled
to all the rights and privileges of States in the
Union, including the right to be represented in
the councils of the nation and to participate in
the conduct ofthe war- But the United States
overthrew these rebel organizations, leaving
neither rebel nor loyal organizations existing
in these States. The fact that no civil govern-
ments of any kind existed in the late confed-
eracy after the suppression of the rebellion is
as well established as any faet of history. Pres-
ident Johnson so,<leclared in his proclamation,
of May 29, 1865, and no one has ever ques-
tioned the truth of that declaration.
If no civil governments existed it will not be
denied that it was necessary to organize State
governments before any could exist. But States
are organized by the people. Neither Congress
nor the President nor the Supreme Court nor
all three departments combined can organize a
State. State governments must emanate from
the people. But some power in the Govenii
ment must determine whether State organiza-
tions are properly made and whether they are
republican in form, and that power fa Congress.
Congress may prescribe in an enabling act the
