1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
931
preserve the Union. The southern wing of the ,
party inaugurated the rebellion while the north-
ern wing denied the right of the Government
to suppress it. Can any important law, act,
or proclamation for the preservation of this
Government be shown that has not been as-
sailed alike bv rebels and peace Democrats as
unconstitutional ? And, on the other hand,
has the constitutionality of the rebellion, or
any act of secession been violently assailed
by either wing of the Democracy ? What does
this Democratic party, reenforced by the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin [Mr. Doolittle] and
his executive master, propose to do if they
attain power? They are all violently opposed
to the fourteenth article of the Constitution
proposed by the Thirty-Ninth Congress. Why
are they opposed to it ? Is it not fair to pre-
sume that they want to do the thing which it
prohibits? And -we have only to examine its
provisions and see what it does prohibit to
understand what the Democratic party with
its new recruits propose to do.
The first section declares that all men born
in the United States are citizens, and secures
to every citizen of the United States the pro-
tection of the laws in his civil rights. Why
do the conservators of rebellion oppose this
provision if they intend that slavery shall be
abolished and all men protected in person and
property? Does not the opposition they made
to the civil rights bill indicate that they mean
wrong and oppression and some form of slavery
under another name? Why has there been
such a contest over the question of civil rights
if the opposition were willing to grant them?
The country has not forgotten the veto mes-
sage of the President, nor his war upon the
constitutional amendment, nor the fact that
the rebels refused to execute the law, nor the
fact that the Johnson governments in the South
passed inhuman and crtfel laws against the
colored  an, nor the fact that those organiza-
tions refused to ratify the constitutional amend-
ment. The loyal people see in all this violent
opposition to extending civil rights the fixed
purpose of every wing and faction of the ob-
structionists to reduce the negro to a degraded
peon, more wretched than a slave.
The second section of the constitutional
amendment provides that if the negro does not
vote he shall not be counted in the basis of
representation. But the violent opposition that
this section has received shows a desperate
determination on the part of the rebels to off-
set four million negroes without political rights
against four million educated, intelligent white
men in the North.
The third section of the constitutional amend-
ment provides that the national obligations
incurred in the suppression of the rebellion
shall not be repudiated, aud that the loyal
North shall neither be taxed to pay the rebel
debt nor to compensate the rebels for emanci-
Sated slaves. Why object to this unless the
'emocratic party intend either to repudiate
the Federal debt, pay the rebel debt, or com-
pensate the late slaveholders for emancipation?
They are willing to put provision.? of this kind
in State laws and perhaps in State constitu-
tions, all of which can be altered or amended
by themselves. Is not .the fact that they will
not agree to place this section in the Constitu-
tion suspicious, tq say the least, and is there
anything in the history of their past conduct to
allay that suspicion or guaranty good faith in
the future?
The fourth section provides that those who
previous to the rebellion held any officlNvhich
required them to take an oath to support the
Constitution of the United States, and subse-
quently participated in the rebellion, shall not
hold office until Congress by a two thirds vote
removes the disability. What objection can
the Democratic party have to this unless they
want the leading rebels to hold office. It de-
prives no man of voting or of any civil rights,
but simply excludes leading rebels from office.
It applies to but a very small class. The young
men are all exempt from any disabilfty what-
ever. The provision is not applicable to any
person under twenty-nine years of age. For I
to have held office previous to 1800 a man must |
have been at that time at least twenty-one years
old, and it is now 180b, making the youngest
man to whom the disqualification can apply
at present twenty-nine. The Senator from
Pennsylvania estimates the number excluded
from office at about three hundred thousand,
but the basis of his calculation will scarcely
bear investigation. He takes the census report
of 18t>0 of the white males over twenty-one and
subtracts from that number the whites who
have registered under the reconstruction acts
aud makes the difference about three hundred
thousand. But he omits from the calculation
those who were killed in the war, those who
have left the South, and those who have refused
to register. j
Mr. BUCK ALE \V. The Senator is in error
in that particular. What I referred to was the
census of I860 and then a percentage for "the
white and black populations respectively, and
so worked out the result that the white disfran- ;
chisement was three hundred thousand. I did
not come at it by such a process as the Sena-
tor supposes. !
Mr. STEWART. I understood that to be ■
the process. The fact is that there are not more ,
than twenty or thirty thousand deprived of hold-
ing office in the whole Sputh, and most of them
would be at once relieved if they would cease
rebellion against the lawful authorities of the
Government. This number is not large—not
half as many as the nation lost by starvation
in rebel prisons under the inhuman manage-
ment of the constituted authorities of the late
ij confederacy.
1 Tennessee ratified this amendment and Con-
! gress ratified and gave legitimacy to her State
organization. The balance of the rebel States,
being under the absolute control of those or-
ganizations formed under the President's pro-
scriptive policy, refused to comply with any
terms. At the commencement of the session
a year ago each of the ten rebel provisional
, governments occupied a defiant attitude against
the authority of this Government. Only those
of the South were allowed to speak who would
speak the sentiments of the military dictator
who had usurped the whole power of the Gov-
ernment in all the late confederacy except
, Tennessee. He told them to demand repre-
sentation for themselves based upon the whole
population, over half of which was disfran-
I chised, and they obeyed ; he told them to de-
mand office and place for leading rebels, and
'they obeyed; he told them by his acts to
! reduce the negro by legislation to a peon, and
t they obeyed; he told them to remain nnconi-
j i mitted in any irrevocable way either to the
II payment of the national debt or the repudia-
tion of the rebel debt, and they obeyed. He
tolerated their persecution of loyal men and
refrained from the execution of the law, and
allowed wrong and oppression and assassina-
; tion to go unpunished. Loyalty was truly
i odious in the South. What was to be done ?
! Was there any power in this Government to
organize those communities upon a loyal basis?
If there was who shall say that it was not the
duty of the last Congress to make the effort?
But it is self-evident that a loyal republican
government cannot be established without a
loyal constituency. Five sixths of the white
population were disloyal, and consequently
any government based upon .white votes alone
must necessarily be hostile to the United States,
so that only three things were possible. First,
let the rebels dictate terms and let loyalty be
made odious and treason honorable. This
Congress dare not do. The second was to
place the South under permanent military rule.
This was regarded as expensive and dangerous
to our free institutions. The third was to give
; all the citizens of the United States, black and
! white, a fair chance to organize loyal "repub-
i lican governments, excluding only a small
I number that were regarded as dangerous to the
| public peace. This was done, aud the military
| were required to protect all the people while
I they were engaged in the organization of these
governments. Did the Government possess
the constitutional power to do this?
Upon the question of the constitutional power
of Congress to pass these laws so much has
been said, and so well said, that further com-
ment would seem unnecessary ; but, inasmuch
as the labors of the Opposition are all directed
to the great purpose of destroying confidence
in Congress by showing that, we disregard the
Constitution, I will pursue the subject further
and ask the Clerk to read from Story on the-
Constitution, showing both the views of Judge
Story and Mr. Madison, for the larger portion
of what I desire to have read is a quotation
from the Federalist:
"Sec. 1813. The fourth section of the fourth article
is as follows: 'The United States shall guaranty to
every State in the Union a republican form of gov-
ernment, and shall protect each of them against
invasion, and on application of the Legislature, or
of the Executive when the Legislature cannot bo
convened, against domestic violence.'
"Sec. 1814. The want of a provision of this nature
was felt as a capital defect in the plan of the con-
federation, as it might, in its consequences, endanger
if not overthrow the Union. Without a guarantee
the assistance to be derived from the national Gov-
ernment in repelling domestic dangers which might
threaten the existence of the State constitutions
conld not bo demanded as a right from the national
Government. Usurpation might raise its standard
and trample upon the liberties of the people while
the national Government could legally do nothing
more than behold the encroachments with indigna-
tion and regret. A successful faction might erect a
tyranny on the ruins of order and law while no succor
could be constitutionally afforded by the Union to
the friends and supporters of the Government. But
this is not all. The destruction of the national Gov-
ernment itself, or of neighboring States, might'result
from a successful rebellion in a single State. Who
can determine what would have been the issue if the
insurrection in Massachusetts in 1787 had been suc-
cessful, and the malcontents had been headed by a
Caesar or a Cromwell ? If a despotic or monarchical
government were established in one State it would
bring on the ruin of the whole Republic. Montes-
quieu has acutely remarked that confederated gov-
ernments should be formed only between States
whose form of government is not only similar but
also republican.
"Sec. 1815. The Federalist has spoken with so much
force and propriety upon this subject that it super-
sedes all further reasoning. ' In a confederacy,' says
that work, 'founded on republican principles and
composed of republican members the superintend-
ing government ought clearly to possess authority to
defend the system against aristocratic or monarch-
ical innovations. The more intimate the nature of
such a union may be the greater interest have the
members in the political institutions of each other,
and the groater right to insist that the forms of gov-
ernment under which the compact was entered into
should be substantially maintained.'"
The Opposition say that this guarantee has
no application to the rebel States, but fail to
inform us in what case the guarantee should
be executed. Their arguments, so far as I am
able to understand them, treat this provision
of the Constitution as a nullity; for if the Gov-
ernment can only exercise its sovereign power
to guaranty to a State a republican form of
government which already has one in full ope-
ration and needs no assistance, the grant of
power is useless and can never be exercised.
But we believe that every part of the Constitu-
tion has some meaning, and that the framers
of that instrument intended something when
they said the United States should guaranty to
every State in the Union a republican form of
government.
It seems to have beeu regarded as possible
by the convention that a State might be over-
thrown and its republican system destroyed;
and that in such a case it might need aid from
the central authority to maintain republican
government.
This might occur in various ways. The
people might elect a king; they might limit
the franchise to an aristocracy of nobles;
they might destroy all government and create
anarchy.
These were some of the dangers suggested
at the time as a reason for the grant of power.
The learned and able Senator from Mary-
land [Mr. Johnson] contended that the rebel
States did not furnish a proper case for the
exercise of this power, but foiled to tell us
when and how the United States should inter-
fere to secure republican government to a
State having no government. He appeared to
regard it in the same light that Buchanan
