932
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 3,
regarded secession—a wrong without a rem- 1
edy—damnum absque injuria. i
First, lie said that the meaning of the Con- I
stitution was to guaranty an existing State
government, but he failed to inform us what
was to be done in the case under considera-
tion, where there was no civil government and
the people on account of public enemies were
unable to form a government republican in
form. I think, on reflection, that he will be
bound to admit that if anarchy exists in any
State of the Union from whatever cause, that
the United States is bound to guaranty to the
people order and civil government, and to pro-
tect them in reorganizing a republican form
of government. The learned Senator found
it also necessary to deny that loyalty was in-
herent in a State organization, and to deny
that each State was to be guarantied not only
a republican form of government, but a gov-
ernment loyal to the United States. Does he
mean to be understood to contend that the
United States should not interfere to prevent
the organization of a State government hos-
tile to the Union? This was the whole cause
of the war. The rebels organized hostile gov-
ernments and made war upon the United
States. Will it be pretended by the Senator
who voted for the prosecution of the war that
the Government had no right to suppress these
hostile organizations and overthrow them, and ,
that it now has no right to prevent the crea- j
tiou of new organizations hostile to the United
States ? But in every argument made by the
Opposition it has been contended that we had
no power to enfranchise the negro ; that he was
not a voter before the war, and but few negroes
were voters at the adoption of the Constitution.
The answer is plain: he was not then a citizen.
Show me a State at the adoption of the Constitu-
tion which had a majority, or even a respectable
minority, of its citizens disfranchised and I can
see the force of the argument. But when by
emancipation the negro became a citizen, if he
had been left without political rights it would
have presented an anomaly unknown to the
fathers of the Republic.
But it is held by some that "the authority
extends no further than to a guarantee of a
republican form of government which supposes
a preexisting government of the form which is
to be guarantied." I regard this as a narrow
view of the question, and do not concur; but,
tried by this test, has Congress exceeded its
powers in extending suffrage to the negro?
Before the war every male citizen over twenty-
one years of age, of sound mind, not guilty of
crime, was allowed to vote in all the rebel
States. Congress has not included any but
citizens. It is true that there is a new class of
citizens; but that did not result from the re-
construction acts of Congress, but from the
war, the emancipation proclamation, and the
constitutional amendment abolishing slavery.
That amendment, I believe, is now treated
as a part of the Constitution, and we follow the
Constitution. Only white men were citizens
before the war in the rebel States, and conse-
quently only white men voted. Now all men
are citizens and all men vote. In each case
all citizens over twenty-one vote, and the rea-
son why more men vote under the rule allow-
ing citizens to vote is simply because there are
more citizens; So that, so far as voting is con-
cerned, it is based upon citizenship, the same
as it was before the war. It cannot be said
that we have changed the form of government,
because more men have become citizens; for
if such was the fact every addition to the num-
ber of citizens, from whatever cause, would
change the form of a republican government.
Do those who have argued that we must not
change the form of government of South Caro-
lina mean that we must guaranty them slavery
and all their institutions as they existed before
the war?
This cannot be done without a change of
the Constitution of the United States. VVhat,
then, is to be done? Will it be said that
because we cannot give them slavery we can-
not guaranty to them republican government.
But why not guarantee a government on a
white basis to the exclusion of all colored citi-
zens? That would be radically different from
any government South Carolina ever had. She 1
never had a government in which any large
class of her citizens were disfranchised. It is
difficult to define exactly what was meant by a
republican government by the framers of the
Constitution ; but we have abundant evidence
that they regarded it as essential to such a
government that it should derive its powers
from the great body of the citizens—that the
exclusion from political rights of any consider-
able number of citizens would be anti-repub-
lican. The following passage in the Federalist,
from the pen of Mr. Madison, indicates what
was then understood as essential to a repub-
lican form of government:
" If we resort for a criterion to the different prin-
ciples on which different forma of government are
established we may define a republic to be. or at
least may bestow that name on, a government which
derives all its power directly or indirectly from the
great body of the people, and is administered by
persons holding their offices during pleasure, for a
limited period, or during good behavior. It is essen-
tial to such a government that it be derived from the
great body of the society, not from an inconsiderable
proportion or a favored class of it; otherwise a hand-
ful of tyrannical nobles, exercising their oppressions
by a delegation of their powers, might aspire to the
rank of republicans an'd claim for their government
the honorable title of republic."
But the power to guaranty a republican gov-
ernment having been granted to the United
States, and which power can only be exercised
in pursuance of a law of Congress, Congress
must determine in what case and in what man-
ner the power is to be exercised. The same
discretion in the use of means must be avowed
as is constantly exercised in the execution of
all the great powers conferred upon the United
States.
To say it was unconstitutional not to exe-
cute the power because some other department
thought it would have been wise to have exe-
cuted it differently, or not to have executed it
at all unless all the world were agreed as to
the policy, would deprive Congress of passing
any law to which any objection could be made
on the ground of policy. When the power is
given Congress alone must judge of the policy.
But if it is contended that a majority of the
citizens of any of the rebel States are barba-
rians and too ignorant to be intrusted with the
ballot, a very unfortunate situation is presented.
Congress must guaranty a republican form of
government, and has no power to guaranty or
permit any other to exist in a State; but it
would be absurd to say a government of the
minority was a republic within the meaning of
the Constitution. It is the majority that must
govern in a republic; but if that majority is
uncivilized and incapable of governing it sim-
ply proves that the people are not prepared for
self-government. In that case we have the
territory and an uncivilized people, which we
must govern ourselves until they are educated
sufficiently to organize their own governments.
It is our duty to guaranty republican govern-
ments in the South; but if those who formerly
controlled the institutions of that region have
so far neglected their duty as to allow a ma-
jority of the people to grow up as barbarians
it would be unwise for us, if we had the power,
to allow a minority, who had so utterly failed
in the discharge of their obligations to society
as to permit such a state of affairs to exist, to
continue in exclusive control.
It is to be hoped, therefore, that the case is
overstated by our opponents, and that it is not
true that a majority of the people in any State
are barbarians. My own opinion is that the
colored man whom we are urged to treat as a
J! beast (except when the rebels want him re-
! garded as a man) is quite as likely to vote right
ij as a traitor. If the majority, on the basis of
j manhood suffrage, are really barbarians, as the
|J opposition contwid is the case, it may be re-
I membered by some Senators on this floor that
ij the civilization of the present rebel minority
j who formed the majority on the old white basis
| was not always the most enlightened, refined,
i! or humane. The arguments of the Opposition
based upon the alleged uncivilized condition
of the majority of the people of any State have
no tendency to prove that we ought to tolerate
rebel rule. They tend the rather to establish
the fact that the majority are unfit to govern.
In that case it would be our duty to govern
them by the military and save republican insti-
tutions from the reproach of such mockery as
that would be which would call the rule of a
rebel minority a republican form of govern-
ment.
But the Senator from Maryland [Mr. John-
son] contends that we have one constitution
■ for ourselves and another for the rebel States.
In this be has mistaken our intentions. We
have always been anxious that they should
share with us the blessings of the Constitution
1 and of free government. But they would not.
They sought to destroy the Constitution, but
failed. Did we then punish them for treason?
! No. Did we deprive them of their lands, of
! their liberty, of the right of suffrage, of the
' protection of the law? No. We proposed a
constitutional amendment for them and for
us—an offer more generous and more mag-
i nanimous than was ever before extended to a
1 fallen foe—but they rejected it. They refused
'i to do justice and receive mercy. Justice and
' the safety of this Republic required the pas-
sage of the reconstruction measures and their
rigid enforcement. If there is any cause of
complaint against these acts it cannot be said
we did it. The responsibility must rest with
those who made every other course impossible.
The responsibility must rest with the rebels
who inaugurated the war—with the President
and the Democratic party who advised them
to refuse the congressional plan.
! But the Senator from Indiana [Mr. Hexd-
1 ricks] contends that the people of a State
cannot destroy their constitution, and appears
to regard the constitution as the State organiza-
tion. If he means by this that it is i possible
for the people to collect all the existing copies
: of their constitution and burn them he may or
may not be correct, depending very much upon
circumstances. But if he means that they
| have no power to change their constitution or
substitute one constitution for another he is
not well informed of the history of the States.
Some of them have done this half a dozen
times, and I believe all the older States have
done it as much as once. But if he means that
no State has a legal right to withdraw from the
Union 1 fully concur. But it by no means fol-
low from that admission that I am forced to
the conclusion that the people of a State can-
not overthrow a State government and create
anarchy and confusion, or organize in the place
of an existing State government a government
hostile to the United States. For if I were
to deny this the Senate would conclude that I
j was ignorant of the history of the late rebel-
| lion. But there is no necessity of refinement
j of reasoning when the facts are obvious and
; universally admitted.
The Senator from Indiana [Mr. Hendricks]
admitted everything necessary for my purpose
when he said that the practical relations of the
States to the Federal Government were dis-
turbed. By the practical relations, I suppose,
may be understood the-exercise of those func-
tions which a State of this Union is permitted
or required to perform under the Constitution
—such as representation in Congress, the right
to sue in the courts, the right to participate in
the election of President and Vice President,
&e. N^>w, if these States, from any cause, were
placecHn a condition where they could not per-
form these functions, it seems to follow that
that condition must, be changed before the prac-
tical relations can be restored. If the people
of these States were able and competent to
change that condition so as to restore the prac-
tical relations they are the proper parties to. do
it. But even then the legislative department
of the Government must determine when that
change has taken place, and whether it is the
act ot't li,.e people before it can determine the
identity of the State.
But suppose the State is filled with public
