1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
933
enemies and persons who have usurped power n
and organized governments hostile to the Uni-
ted States, which are still hostile, making their
hostility to the Government the passport to
place and power. Suppose those public ene-
mies have and exercise sufficient power—as in
the case of the South—-to prevent the forma-
tion of republican governments friendly to the
Union aud capable of exercising the functions
of States in the Union. Is there 110 power in
this Government to restrain these public ene-
mies and suppress their power over loyal citi-
zens, and give the loyal people an opportunity
to reorganize their State governments? If
there is no such power the practical relations
can never be restored so long as rebels are
rebels, for a hostile State, whether in arras or
not against the Government, can have no prac-
tical relations to this Union.
But the Senator contends that Mr. Lincoln's
plan was to amend the old constitutions and
patch up the old State governments. That
may be so. Many republicans may have
indulged the idea that that was possible, bnt
experience has shown that it was not; that
the patcbing-up process was a failure. The
President and the rebels made that plan impos-
sible. And we were further educated by the
course of events to understand that rebels could
not be trusted with the destinies of those States
or the control of the lives and property of loyal
men. The Senator from Indiana, [Mr. Hend-
ricks,] however, regarded what was said by
Mr. Lincoln and other Republicans in reference
to the practicability of restoring these States
by slight amendments to their State constitu- :
tions as the declaration of a principle which
could not be changed and a subject upon which
the people could not be educated. In other
words, we are to be bound to the repetition of
experiments which have already failed ; Con-
gress is to be prohibited from devising new
measures for the restoration of the Union, and
we are exultingly told—you have failed. We
have tried a great ma^y experiments with the
rebels, which we do not propose to repeat. We
do not propose to establish any more Missouri
compromise lines, nor to allow slavery to be
extended into the Territories, nor to allow it
to exist in the States, nor allow rebels to set
up State governments, nor allow them to deny
civil rights to any citizen of the United States,
nor allow them to commit any more New Or-
leans massacres, nor to make loyalty odious
or treason honorable : and whenever we find
that we have not adopted the right means to
restrain their destructive propensities we shall
devise others. In the language of Mr. Lin-
coln, '"we shall adopt new views whenever
they appear to be true views.'*
We do not expect that our measures will be
satisfactory to unrepentant rebels or their sym-
pathizers. And we acknowledge no obligations
to submit to them the question of the consti-
tutionality of our legislation. But the Senator
from Indiana [Mr. Hendricks] claimed the
right for the Democratic party to speak for
themselves and denied the right of Republicans
to attribute to them any purposes which they
do not avow. The Senator when he made this
demand had forgotten the golden rule; for
he attributed to the Republican party purposes
and designs which they deny, and but for
his well known character for candor it would
be difficult to suppose he himself believed
th«n.
He said that our legislation was to secure
partisan power and not the welfare of the
country. This we deny. He maintained that
our purpose was to establish in the rebel States
negro supremacy, which we deny, but contend
our only object is to secure republican govern-
ments and protection for all men in life, lib-
erty, and the .pursuit of happiness. Is it
Eossible that the Senator, after laboring two
ours and a half to show that the Republican
party was seeking to destroy the Government,
establish a dictatorship, and perform a thou-
sand atrocities equally repugnant to the Con-
stitution and to the laws of justice and human-
ity, did really believe that he attributed to us
no purposes or designs which we ourselves do
not profess? I attribute to the Democratic
party many evil purposes which 110 Senator on
this floor dare avow, and which that party,
with all its audacity, dare not avow. Was it a
plank in their platform that they would resist
the draft, encourage desertions, recognize the
independence of the southern confederacy, or
deny the truth of reported Federal victories?
Do they now openly proclaim that their purpose
is to place these rebel States in disloyal hands,
and admit Davis and Breckinridge to seats upon
this floor? Yet who does not know that the
programme which they advocate can have no
other result, as I believe it has no other aim?
Shall we not warn the country of the result of
their policy, and say they are for rebel rule—
rebel tyranny and peonage in the South—when
they advocate the admission of organizations
in these rebel States constructed of the charred
timbers of the ccaifederacy, which we thought
had been consumed in the fires of the war?
But it is said that we should conciliate the
South. This has been said from the beginning.
On the 18th day of January, 1861, George H.
Pendleton, whose nomination by the Demo-
cratic party for the Presidency seems probable,
if indeed it is not already conceded, said :
" I beg you, gentlemen, who, with rae represent tbe
northwest, you who with me represent the State of
Ohio,you who with me represent the city of Cincin-
nati—I beg you, gentlemen, to hear that voice. If
you will not, if you find conciliation impossible, if
your differences are so great that you cannot or will
not reconcile them, then, gentlemen, let the seceding
sisters depart in peace; let them establish their gov-
ernment and empire and work out their destiny
according to the wisdom which God has given them,"
In the same speech he further -said:
"Mr. Chairman, I say again, that my constituents
are in favor of conciliation; they are in favor of
peace. They love the Union beyond all things; but,
if dissolution is inevitable, they want it in peace.
Peace may preserve this Government; peace may
reconstruct this Union; peace will preserve friend-
ship, and give us an opportunity for acts of recip-
rocal kindness and good will. If these southern
States cannot be conciliated, and if you, gentlemen,
cannot find it in your hearts to grant their demands,
if they must leave the family mansion, I would sig-
nalize their departure by tokens of love; I would
| bid them farewell so tenderly that they would for-
ever be touched by the recollection of it; and if, in
the vicissitudes of their separate existence, they
should desire to come together with us again in one
common government, there should be no pride to be
humiliated, there should be no wound inflicted from
my hand to be healed. They should come, and be
welcome to the place they now occupy."
Again we are appealed to to conciliate the
South. What further concessions are we called
upon to make? Have we not tried conciliation
from the foundation of the Government? Have
we not sacrificed justice and humanity to ap-
! pease the vile passions, prejudice, and tyranny
i of slaveholders long enough? Are not our
statute-books blaek with enactments to rivet
[ the bonds of tbe slave? Are not the reports
I of the highest judicial tribunal disfigured with
] elaborate defenses of slaveholders' preten-
sions? Have we not submitted long enough
I to be slave-catehers for the South? Have we
i not bowed low enough in the dust in vain
■ attempts to allay their royal displeasure? And
i after all this were we not required to make a
1 sacrifice of life and property unparalleled in
modern history to restrain the wrath of these
haughty rebels, engendered only by the elec-
tion of Abraham Lincoln as President of the
United States? When I reflect upon the crimes
committed because of his first election, and
when I reflect upon the manner of his death
because of his second election, and the fearful
results that have followed the commission of
that crime, I sometimes feel that the power of
conciliation was then exhausted.
But we did not stop at the death of Abraham
Lincoln—we tried further measures of concili-
ation, and offered oblivion for the past and a
full restoration to the Union on terms so lib-
eral and magnanimous as. to astonish the civil-
ized world, and were again repulsed (tnd defied.
And still the Democratic party ask us to con-
ciliate their rebel friends. They say it is im-
possible to harmonize the conflicting opinions
in this country without conciliation. Let loy-
alty then be conciliated. Let something be done
to soothe the bereaved and sorrow-stricken in
the North. The passions of the human heart
are not monopolized by those who sought to
destroy the Government. Let the rebels make
some atonement for the barbarities of Ander-
sonville and Libby prison! Let them, at least,
give a pledge in the shape of a constitutional
amendment that the widows and orphans of
those who have fallen shall not be robbed of
their pensions by repudiation of the Federal
debt through the instrumentality of rebel votes !#
Let the world see by their conduct and bearing
that they were'not victorious in the war and do
not propose to humiliate our soldiers or make
loyalty odious. Let the rebel press cease to dis-
charge its venom in vile abuse of everything
sacred to justice or honor. When fprce is agi-
tated let the strong be conciliated. When the
President betrays his party and, as he tells us,
" deliberates much upon the very serious and
important question '' of resistance to the laws
for the restoration of the Union, let the scarred
veterans of Grant, Sherman, and Sheridan be
conciliated. Let those conservatives who cry
" keep the peace" conciliate an insulted and
outraged people. Those who suppressed the
rebellion will secure the fruits of victory—
peaceably if they can—forcibly if they must.
Let those who believe the people are actuated
only by prejudice of race against race reecho
the rebel war cry of "negro equality," " negro
supremacy," and bend the pregnant hinges of
the knee to haughty rebels for office and power ;
but let them take warning that they will fall
where Buchanan fell, that they will not only
merit but receive the contempt of mankind.
Disguise it as you will, there are but two
sides to this question—the unrepentant rebel
and the loyal. The former are resolved either
to destroy this Government or make it sub-
servient to their purposes ; the latter to main-
tain the Union and the Constitution upon the
broad principles of justice and humanity. Let
the timid and time-serving politician and the
selfish and sordid slave of Mammon, who have
no principle, upon whom theappeals of justice
and humanity are lost, consult their interest
and aid the side they think is most likely to be
successful at the end of the contest, although
it be continued for ages. For if traitors can
transmit to their posterity their hatred to the
Government, coming generations will demon-
strate that loyalty, too, may be hereditary. If
they think the cause of rebellion is yet to be
triumphant and a loyal people are to be pun-
ished for their sacrifices to sustain this Gov-
ernment, let them count the cost of subjugating
the victorious veterans whose honoris involved
when loyalty is insulted in the person of the
humblest Union man that loves his country.
Mr. President, I have no fears for the future.
I believe that there is more good than evil in
man. I believe that a kind Providence is
guarding the destinies of America; that the
Republic is to live, not only in name but in
fact, the palladium of justice, humanity, and
universal liberty.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. President 
Mr. HENDRICKS. I suppose the Senator
from Oregon would prefer to submit his argu-
ment to the Senate to-morrow, as it is now
quite late. I move, therefore, that the Sen-
ate do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate
•adjourned.
HOUSE 'OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, February 3, 1868.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boyxtox.
The Journal of Saturday last was read and
approved.
ORDER OP BUSINESS.
The SPEAKER. This being Monday, the
first business in order is the call of States and
| Territories, commencing with the State of
< Maine, for the introduction of bills and joint
[ resolutions for reference to appropriate com-
I mittees, not to be brought back by a motion
I to reconsider. Under this call resolutions of
