1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
935
The SPEAKER. That cannot be done dur-
ing the morning hoar of Monday.
Mr. BARNES. I submit that it ought to j
be referred to the Committee on Banking and '
Currency.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Indiana. I decline to
accept the amendment.
Mr. BARNES. I move it as an amend-
ment.
The question being taken on the amendment,
it was disagreed to.
Mr. HOLMAN. Is it in order to move to
increase the amount specified to $200,000,000?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
The joint resolution was referred to the Com-
mittee of Ways and means.
losses of loyal choctaws and others.
Mr. SHANKS introduced a joint resolution
(H. R. No. 189) for the appointment of a com-
mission to ascertain the losses of loyal Choc-
taws and Chickasaws, and other loyal persons ;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
soldiers' pay and bounty.
Mr. CULLOM introduced a joint resolution
(H. R. No. 190) in relation to the pay and
bounty of soldiers enlisting for specified terms
of service and honorably discharged before the
expiration of their term of service, their dis-
charges stating that they were discharged at the
expiration of their term of service ; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
mail route in texas.
Mr. BURR introduced a bill (H. R. No.
623) to establish a mail route in the State of
Texas; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads.
confirmation of land entries.
Mr. McCLURG introduced a bill (H. R. No.
629) to confirm certain entries of public lands
made at the land office at Boonville, Missouri;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
post route in missouri. '
Mr. GRAVELY introduced a bill (H. R. 1
No. G30) to declare a certain road in Missouri
a post route ; which was read a first and sec- j
ond time, and referred to the Committee on j
the Post Office and Post Roads. j
captain j. a. neustaedter. !
|
Mr. PILE introduced a joint resolution (H. j
R. No. 191) for the relief of Captain J. A.
Neustaedter, of St. Louis ; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
bridges across the mississippi riyer.
Mr. PILE also introduced a bill (H. R. No.
631) amendatory of act approved July 26, 1866,
• entitled "An act to authorize the construction
of certain bridges, and to establish them as
. post routes;'' which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
post route in missouri.
Mr. NEWCOMB introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 632) to establish a post route from Morri-
son's station, in the State of Missouri, to Fred-
ericksburg, in the same State ; which was read
a first and second time, and, with an accom-
panying memorial, referred to the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads.
removal of the capital.
Mr. NEWCOMB also introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 633) providing forremoving the national
capital to St. Louis county, in the State of
Missouri; which was read a first and second
' time, and referred to the Committee of "Ways
and Means.
walter h. tinker and john p. m'elroy.
Mr. ANDERSON introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 634) granting a pension to Walter H.
Tinker and John P. McElroy ; which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on Invalid Pensions.
claims of colored soldiers.
Mr. ANDERSON also introduced a bill (H. j
R. No. 635) in relation to the claims of colored ;
soldiers; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Mili- [
tary Affairs.
iiarbors in michigan. j
Mr. FERRY introduced a bill (H. R. No.
636) making appropriations for certain harbors
in the State of Michigan; which was read a
first and second time, referred to the Commit-
tee on Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
john ii. ellgood.
Mr. PERHAM introduced a bill (H. R. No.
637) granting a pension to John H. Ellgood;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
compensation of express companies.
Mr. LOUGHRIDGE introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 638) to regulate the charges and com-
pensation of express companies; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee on Commerce, and ordered to be
printed.
taxation of united states notes, etc.
Mr. LOUGHRIDGE also introduced a bill
(H. R. No. 639) in relation to the taxation of
the United States notes, Treasury notes, na-
tional currency, and fractional notes for State
and municipal purposes; which was read &
first and second time, referred to the Commit-
tee on Banking and Currency, and ordered to
be printed.
post routes in iowa. ~
Mr. LOUHHRIDGE also introduced a bill
(H. R. No. 640) to establish a post routs from
Ottumwa, Iowa, to Sigourney, Iowa; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa, introduced a bill
(H. R. No. 641) to establish a mail route in
the States of Iowa and Minnesota ; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads.
improvement of manitowoc harbor.
Mr. SAWYER presented the memorial of the
Legislature of Wisconsin, asking for an ap-
propriation to complete the harbor improve-
ments at Manitowoc; which was referred to
the Committee on Commerce, and ordered to
be printed.
rights of american citizens abroad.
Mr. HOPKINS presented joint resolutions
of the Legislature of the State of Wisconsin,
declaring it to be the duty of the General Gov-
ernment to protect American citizens in the
enjoyment of all their rights as such while
sojourning in foreign countries ; which were
referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
richard e. dunphey.
Mr. COBB presented the memorial of the
Legislature of the State of Wisconsin, in rela-
tion to an increase of the pension of Richard
E. Dunphey; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Invalid Pensions, and ordered to be
printed.
commercial marine, etc.
Mr. JOHNSON introduced a bill (H. R. No.
642) to promote the efficiency of the American
commercial marine, to provide for the orphans
of soldiers and sailors killed in battle or de-
ceased in the service of the United States, and
to enlarge the asylum for disabled veterans;
which was read a first and second time, referred
to the Committee on Naval Affairs, and ordered
to be printed.
minnesota and alabama land grants. '
Mr. WINDOM introduced a bill (H. R. No.
643) additional to an act making a grant of
land to the Territory of Minnesota in alternate
sections, to aid in the construction of certain
railroads in said Territory, and to an act grant-
ing public lands in alternate sections to the
State of Alabama to aid in the construction
of a certain railroad in said State ; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Public Lands.
winnebago indians.
Mr. WINDOM also introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 644) for the relief of the Winnebago
Indians; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs.
fort scott and santa fe railroad.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas, introduced a bill
(H. R. No. 645) granting lands to aid in the
construction of a railroad and telegraph line
from Fort Scott, Kansas, to Santa F6, New
Mexico; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on Public
Lands, and ordered to be printed.
claims for indian depredations.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas, also introduced
a joint resolution (H. R. No. 192) relating to
claims arising from Indian depredations and
to restrict the jurisdiction of the Court of
Claims; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee of Claims.
preemption and homestead laws.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas, also introduced a
joint resolution (H. R. No. 646) to extend the
preemption and homestead laws of the United
States over certain lands, and for other pur-
poses ; which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee on Public Lands,
and ordered to be printed.
new mexico.
Mr. CLEYER introduced a bill (H. R. Np.
647) to provide for the unorganized settlements
in the Territory of New Mexico, and for other
purposes ; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Terri-
tories.
new mexican private land claims.
Mr. CLEVER also introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 648) to provide for the confirmation of
private land claims in New Mexico; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on Private Land Claims.
war debt of new mexico.
Mr. CLEVER also introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 649) to provide for the settlement of the
war debt of New Mexico incurred in aid of
the United States in suppressing the rebellion
and Indian hostilities in New Mexico; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs.
wagon roads in dakota.
Mr. BURLEIGH introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 650) to amend the act of March 3, 1865,
providing for the construction of certain wagon
roads in Dakota Territory ; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Roads and Canals.
railroad in dakota.
Mr. BURLEIGH also introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 651) granting lands to aid in the con-
struction of a railroad and telegraph line in
the Territory of Dakota; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
registers, etc., in idaho.
Mr. HOLBROOK introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 652) to increase the compensation of regis-
ters and receivers in the Territory of Idaho;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
felix a. salter.
Mr. KELLEY introduced a bill (H. R. No.
653) for the relief of Felix A. Salter; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs.
weights in district of columbia.
Mr. INGERSOLL introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 654) in relation to weights in the District
of Columbia: which was read a first and sec-
ond time, and referred to the Committee for
the District of Columbia.
