186a
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
937
Mr. ROBINSON. When will it be in order
to move to suspend the rules?
1 lie SPEAKER. When there is no busi-
ness before the House, after the morning hour
of Monday.
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
Mr. W. G. Moore, Private Secretary of the
President of the United States, presented sev-
eral messages in writing from the President,
and also announced that the President had ap-
proved and signed bill and joint resolutions of
the following titles:
An act (H. It. No. 207) to provide for the
exemption of cotton from internal tax;
A joint resolution (II. It. No. 13G) providing
for the sale of iron-clads ;
A joint resolution (II. Ii. No. 140) to provide
for a commission to examine and report on
meters for distilled spirits ; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 171) for the
relief of destitute persons in the South.
ELECTION CONTEST-
5MITII VS. BROWN.
The House resumed, as the regular order, the
consideration of the resolution reported by the
Committee of Elections upon the contested
election from the second district of Kentucky,
Mr. Kerr being entitled to the floor.
The pending question was on the resolution
offered by Mr. Kerr as an amendment to that
offered by the committee.
Mr. KERR. Mr. Speaker, the great import-
ance of the question now pending before the
House entitles it to the most serious consider-
ation of every gentleman on this floor. I desire
in the outset of my argument toinvite the atten-
tion of honorable gentlemen to the fact that,
although they ordinarily sit here and discharge
their dutiesin the capacity of legislators, though
they ordinarily act in that capacity in which
there may be mixed with their motives and
actions somewhat of the spirit of the politician,
yet in this case it is due to every gentleman, it
is due to the parties involved, it is due to the
State of Kentucky, it is due to the conscience
of this House, that every man shall remember
that he sits hete now, in the adjudication of this
case, as a judge and not as a legislator. He sits
here acting in a judicial capacity under the sol-
emn obligations of an oath that he will fairly
and faithfully try this case, and, if you please,
true verdict render according to the law and the
evidence. No gentleman can rid himself of the
obligation which rests upon his conscience of
meeting this great duty, as it becomes a judge
to meet it, with a mind impartial, unprepos-
sessed, and unprejudiced, and upon the law and
the evidence.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I ask the attention of
gentlemen for one moment to what it is that
the claimant for this Beat, Mr. Brown, is re-
quired to do before he shall be entitled to
take that seat. Is he required to possess an
additional qualification? It may be that by a
mere play upon words he may be held not to
bo so required. But if it be not an additional
qualification it is certainly a condition-prece-
dent which is jnst as bad, and its legal result
works precisely the same end. What is that
condition-precedent? That he shall be able
to swear at the bar of this House that he has
never committed the crime of treason against
his country; that is, th^t he shall take a test-
oath, a retrospective, expurgatory oath, which
in its very terms is so ambiguous as to admit
of different interpretations by changing party
majorities, and can be made a most dangerous
engine of tyranny.
Now, some gentlemen may question that
proposition, and in order to make it clear I
invite their attention to the language of the
oath itself. I will not read all of it, but so
much only as is new, so much as is peculiar to
the act of 1862. It is in these words:
"I, A B, do solemnly swear (or affirm) that I have
never voluntarily borne arms against the United
States since I have been a citizen thereof; that I
have voluntarily given no aid, countenance, counsel,
or encouragement to persons engaged in armed hos-
tility thereto; that I have neithersoughtnor accepted
nor attempted to exercise the functions of any office
whatever nnd«r any authority or pretended authority
in hostility to the United States; that I have not
yielded a voluntary support to any pretended go vern-
mcnt, authority, pmver, or constitution within the
United States hostile or inimical thereto."
Now, I submit to every lawyer upon this
floor that that language admits of but one
definition; it has but one purpose, but one
intent, and its scope embraces but one single
idea, and that is, that if the man who offers
with uplifted hand to take it has committed
the crime of treason he shall not be allowed
to take it. What is treason ? Fortunately for
us, fortunately for the people of this country
aud the security of human liberty, we have in
our fundamental law prescribed for us a defini-
tion of the crime of treason. What is it ?
"Treason against the United States shall consist
only in levying war against them or in adhering to
their enemies, giving them aid and comfort."
Is there a single idea in this oath that is
not embraced in that definition of treason ?
Is it not giving them "aid and comfort"
to bear arms against the United States? Is it
not giving "aid and comfort" to give them
countenance, counsel, or encouragement to
persons engaged in armed hostility thereto ?
Is it not giving " aid and comfort" to seek or
to accept any office under any treasonable
government ? Is it not giving '' aid and com-
fort' ' to yield a voluntary support to any such
government?
Now, Mr. Speaker, we have here a definition
of treason, and gentlemen in the arguments
that have been made upon the other side of
this great question wholly ignore the fact that
we have in this country a definition of the
crime of treason which is itself the supreme
law of this land. Gam a nnn be punished here
for anything less than treason? Can a man be
punished here for anything which would simply
constitute constructive treason? No; all the
authorities of the country declare that there
can be in this country under our Constitution
no constructive treason. Fortunately for us it
has been exorcised from the very fundamental
law of the country, and can never exist except
as the offspring of tyranny and usurpation.
What is constructive treason? It is anything
that any body of men—law makers or not—
shall attempt to declare to be treason, but
which is not by the Constitution defined to be
treason. Let me give an illustration or two as
to what in the past experience of mankind has
been held to be constructive treason. In the
time of Edward IV, on one occasion the king
went hnnting and by a'ccident or design he
killed the favorite buck of one of his subjects;
that subject in his anger said that he "wished
the king had the buck, horns and all, in his
belly; whereupon the subjcct was prosecuted
for treason, and the judge before whom it was
attempted to convict him said that it was no
treason, it was at most mere constructive
treason, and that he would not pronounce
judgment upon him. Yet by another he was
sentenced and executed. The tyrant Diony-
sius, when one of his subjects whispered to a
neighbor that on the night before he had
dreamed that he had killed the king, prose-
cuted the subject for treason, saying that to
dream that he had killed the king evidenced
the fact that in his waking hours he must have
thought of killing the king, and therefore he
was guilty of treason. He, too, was executed.
The bloody pathway of the past is everywhere
marked and deformed by such crimes against
reason, justice, and liberty. This doctrine of
constructive treason has left indelible evidences
of its inherent viciousness and dangers upon
the pages of nearly all European history. I
assume without fear of contradiction from a
single respectable authority.in thiaor any other
country that a man's mere unwritten words
can never constitute the crime of treason. It
is so laid down in every respectable text-book
in the country. It is the established and ac-
cepted law of this land to-day. I also assume
that mere written words—'written words alone—
cannot constitute the crime of treason; they
cannot constitute that overt act of treason
which the Constitution intends.
I do not mean to say that written words in
connection with acts, with circumstances, with
the conduct of the party, as illustrated by the
ten thousand surroundings which have accom-
panied and pr-tmpted and given form and life
and being to the written words, may not con-
' stitute treason. I simply say that written words
alone cannot do it.
j Now, in this case it has been conceded by
the honorable gentleman who is chairman of the
CommitteeofElectionsthatMr. Brownhasbeen
proven to have been guilty of no single overt
act of treason, unless this letter constitutes
! Such an act; and Whether he or any other gen-
tleman upon this floor Concedes that or not,
I say, and I have the proof before me, that there
is no evidence to the contrary ; not one act of
treason is proven ; no, not one, and I challenge
the proof.
We have in this case, then, precisely what it
is against which the wisdom of our forefathers
attempted to protect the people of this country—■
a mere charge of constructive treason, upon
which it is proposed that this House shall con-
J vict Mr. Brown of a crime and punish him for
its commission ; not by taking his life or de-
priving him of his liberty, but by taking from
him a now vested right of office conferred upon
him by the people of Kentucky, to be exer-
cised by him for his own and their advantage,
and by thus casting odium and infamy, as far as
this House can do it, upon him and all who are
near and dear to him.
Mr. UPSON. I would like to ask the gen-
tleman a question.
Mr. KERR. I will yield, bat Only for a
question.
Mr. UPSON. I desire to ask the gentleman
whether the President of the United States has
not, in public messages to this House, twice
j asserted the right of this Hotise to refuse to
: admit men here on account of disloyalty?
Mr. KERR. Will the honorable gentleman
. tell me what I have to do with that or what
that has to do with this case ? I am talking
about this case. The gentleman, as well as
myself, is sitting here as a judge and trier of
i the fact under the judicial obligation which
: rests upon us. Do not tell me that the Presi-
i dent or ten thousand Presidents have indorsed
such a doctrine as this. We are to be governed
| here by the law and the evidence.
Mr. UPSON. Will the gentleman allow me
to ask another question?
Mr. KERR. Certainly.
Mr. UPSON. I desire to inquire of the gen-
tleman if he considers this a judicial question,
and whether it is not trying the same fact that
would be tried on an issue for expulsion for
disloyalty?
Mr. KERR. I consider it beyond all con-
troversy a judicial question, and I have said
so several times at least during my remarks
to day. So would any attempt to expel a
member be a judicial question, pure and sim-
ple, just as much as would be the trial of an
impeachment by the Senate.
Mr. UPSON. There is where I think the
gentleman is mistaken.
Mr. KERR. It is a judicial proceeding,
and nothing else. It is certainly not a legis-
lative proceeding. It is precisely the same in
legal character as any trial of any contested-
election case, or any trial of an officer of this
House for an alleged contempt of the House,
which might result in his arrest and punish-
ment.
Mr. UPSON. Will the gentleman be satis-
fied with Kentucky authority on that subject?
Mr. KERR. I will be satisfied with nothing
but the law and the evidence in this case.
And I do not desire to be interrnpted for the
purpose of having the 'gentleman read from
Kentucky authority.
Mr. UPSON. I only wish to give the gen-
tleman the opiniorf of Senator Davis on that
subject..
Mr. KERR. I desire to be allowed to go
on without further interruption of that kind.
I have said that this proceeding indicates a
purpose on the part of the majority of this
