938
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 3,
House to enforce against Mr. Brown a mere
charge of constructive treason, in violation of
the Constitution of the country, in violation of
every principle of law, of justice, and of safety.
If this great wrong be committed it will consti-
tute a most dangerous precedent, and may
come back to plague the inventors. It will
violate not alone the spirit and language of the
Constitution, but the very traditions of Amer-
ican liberty.
Montesquieu said, hundreds of years ago,
that he looked upon this question of the defi-
nition of treason being settled in the funda-
mental law of the country as being so import-
ant, so vital to the well-being and safety of
society and of liberty, that he said:
"If the crime of treason be indeterminate, that
alone is sufficient to make any Government degener-
ate into arbitrary power."
And Justice Story, in repeating the teach-
ings of all the past, has used this language,
that—
" It was under the influence of these admonitions,
furnished by history and human experience, that the
convention deemed it necessary to interpose an iin-
Eassable barrier against arbitrary construction either
y the court or by Congress upon the crime of trea-
son."
Now, before I proceed to analyze this case
as I understand it, I beg leave for a short time
to refer to the speeches made last Friday and
Saturday by the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Dawes] and the gentleman from Illinois,
[Mr. Cook,] my colleagues on the Committee
of Elections. The gentleman from Massachu-
setts, in the course of his remarks, deemed it
consistent with his duty as a member of the
Committee of Elections, as a member of this
House in a judicial capacity, as a member at-
tempting to advise the conscience of this House j
as to its high and solemn duty in this case, to '
use this language in regard to Mr. Brown and
his conduct at the date of his letter of April
18, 1861.
" But," continues the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts, "thatis not all. He (Mr. Brown)
confesses in this letter that he went about pri-
vately making these assurances." "\Vent
about privately !" Now, I know not whether
to characterize that as adroitness or maladroit-
ness in torturing, if you please, the evidence
that is brought here and upon which it is sought
to convict Mr. Brown: j
" It appears in the testimony that at the very time '
he published this letter there were agents of the con- i
federacy secretly obtaining recruits in Kentucky for
the confederate army."
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Speaker 
Mr. KERR. If the gentleman will wait a
moment I will yield.
" And while they were doing so John Young Brown
confesses that_ he also secretly and privately went
about whispering in their ears that if any man joined
the Union Army in Kentucky he ought to be, and he
believed he would be, shot down before he left the
State."
Now, Mr. Speaker, is it justifiable, is it right,
for a gentleman in this sort of a case, acting in
this solemn capacity, thus to challenge his im-
agination to come to the aid of his facts, and to
interpolate into this record what there is not
one solitary particle of evidence to prove ? Mr.
Speaker, if the gentleman from Massachusetts
[5lr. Dawes] thinks I have misquoted his
language, I am ready to be corrected.
Mr, DAWES. Mr. Speaker, I have not
before me the report of my language, but I
lave here Mr. Brown's confession; and that is
this 
Mr. KERR. ' I do not yield for the reading
of that confession.
Mr. DAWES. Very well.
Mr. KERR. I will read it myself in the
course of my own remarks, and then, if the
gentleman please, I will consent to be inter-
rupted by him.
Mr. DAWES. I do not care for the privi-
lege of an interruption, if the moment I reach
the point I am compelled to stop. I can take
care of myself when I have the floor.
Mr. KERR. I am glad tcf hear it; and I
hope the honorable gentleman will take better
care of his duty in this case than he did in his
argument last Friday. I also will attempt to
take care of myself.
Mr. DAWES. If the gentleman will not
permit me to read John Young Brown's con-
fession let him not say anything more about
my " misrepresentations."
Mr. KERR. I will read it at the proper
time, and the gentleman shall have the benefit
of it. No; I will read it now for the accom-
modation of my honorable friend from Massa-
chusetts. Now, what is the language of John
Young Brown? He says himself:
"What I did say was this: 'Not one man or ono
dollar will Kentucky furnish Lincoln to aid him in
his unholy way against the South. If this northern
army shall attempt to cross our borders we will resist
it unto the doath; and if one man shall be found in
our Commonwealth to volunteer to join them ho
ought, and I believe will be, shot down before he
leaves the State.'
" This was not said in reply to any question pro-
pounded by ex-Governor llelm. as you have stated,
and is no more than I frequently uttered, publicly
and privately, prior to my debate with liiin."
Now, what does the honorable gentleman
from Massachusetts say? He says Mr. Brown
" confesses that he also secretly" (where did he
say that?) "and privately went about whis-
pering" into the ears of the young men of Ken-
tucky treasonable sentiments. There is no such
thing in the record; and it is to that I call the
attention of the gentleman and of this House.
Whydrag in that kind of interpretation when
in this record there is nothing to justify it?
But I read again from the honorable gentle-
man's speech, and I invite his attention to it:
"I do not know whether Mr. Brown has the honor
of having originated that cruel system of warfare
which ran through the southwestern States, where at
midnight, in their own homes, peaceable citizens
were murdered by bands of ruthless marauders and
ruthless guerrillas or not; but I do say that if he was
the inventor of it he could not have based his claim
to that infamous position upon more irrefragable
ground than by confessing before the public, as he
docs in this letter, that as early as the 18th day of
April, 1861, he had inaugurated it as the policy in his
own congressional district, and had set it on foot
among the private homes of the Union men there
dwelling."
Mr. Speaker, I should like to know where
the honorable gentleman finds evidence which
justifies him in the assertion of that proposi-
tion. Where did Mr. Brown confess that he, in
1861, in his own district or anywhere, had j
"inaugurated the infernal system of guerrilla '■
warfare aAong Union men dwelling there?" j
Can you find it? Not one word; not one sy 11a- ;
ble. The record shows the very contrary of
all such declarations. The whole record shows,
from the very inception of this trouble until this
present hour, Mr. Brown, among his neigh-
bors, whether they were union men or seces-
sionists, assumed the office of peace-maker and
did nothing inconsistent therewith. That is
what the record shows. That is what the evi-
dence shows. That is what the witnesses pro-
duced both by Mr, Smith and Mr. Brown swear.
Then why indulge in this kind of stuff to con-
trol the action, to control and prejudice the
conscience, of this House against its plain duty
in this important cause ?
Mr. Speaker, I have not yet done with my
honorable friend, the chairman of this com-
mittee. I now invite the attention of this
House and his attention to some of the au-
thorities which it was his pleasure to present
before the House on Friday for the purpose
of maintaining or supporting the proposition
of constitutional law he then laid down: that
Congress by means of such test-oaths, such
retrospective and expurgatory oaths as the
one required now for admission to this House,
may exclude members duly elected and having
all the qualifications prescribed by the Con-
stitution. He admits there is no express au-
thority to do such an act. He undertook to
inform this House that it possesses the con-
stitutional right to exclude whom it pleases if
the public safety requires it. Yet he laid down
the broad doctrine, not in terms but in legal
effect, that the guide which this House must
follow in the adjudication of this ease must be
its own will. It has but to consider what the
public welfare requires, what the public safety
requires, what the public interests demand, and
then to do it; and in order to sustain that start-
ling proposition, unquestionably revolutionary,
he cited two or three authorities.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I invite the attention of
the gentleman to the authorities which he read,
and I trust every gentleman in this House will
give me his attention while I read again the
authority quoted by the honorable gentleman
on Friday. He read from the twenty-third'
number of the "Federalist," of which Mr.
Hamilton was the author. Here is his lan-
guage :
"The circumstances that endanger the safety of
nations are infinito; and for this reason no constitu-
tional shackles can wis-ely be imposed on the power
to which tlio care of it is committed. This power
ought to he cocxtensivo with all the possible com-
binations of such circumstances; and ought to bo
under tlio direction of tho same councils which aro
appointed to presido over tho common defenso.
"This is one of those truths which, to a correct and
unprejudiced mind, carrics its own evidence along
with it, and may bo obscured but cannot be made
plainer by argument or reasoning. It rests upon
axioms as simple as they aro universal; the means
ought to be proportionate to the end. The persons
from whose agency the attainment of any end is ex-
pected ought to possess the moans by which it is to
be obtained.
Whether there ought to be a Federal Government
intrusted with the caro of tho common defense is a
question, in the first instance, open to discussion;
but the moment it is decided in tho aflirmativo it
will follow that that Government ought to be clothed
with all the powers requisite to the complete execu-
tion of its trust. And unless it can be shown that the
circumstances which may affect the public safety are
reducible within certain determinate limits—unless
the contrary of this position can bo fairly and ra-
tionally disputed, it must be admitted as a necessary
consequence that there can be no limitation of that
authority which is to provide for the defense and
protection of tho community in any matter essential
to its efficacy."
Mr. Speaker, if that language, by any pos-
sible torture, or any possible effort of argument
or construction, or interpretation, could be
made to apply to the subject now before the
House, then I would admit its force and its
weight, and would seek either to avoid it in
some other way or not avoid it at all. But
what does this language relate to? What did
the honorable gentleman know when he read
it and have then necessarily and unavoidably
before his eyes? Did he not, was it possible
for him not to know at the time that it had
not and was not intended to have any applica-
tion whatever to the subject he was discussing,
the proposition he was attempting to maintain?
The title of No. 23 of the "Federalist" is as
follows: "The necessity of a Government at
least equally energetic with the one proposed,"
referring to the then pending but yet unratified
Federal Constitution. The subject of this letter
is the war power of the Fe'deral Government.
I will read what immediately precedes what
was read by the honorable gentleman and has
been read by me, because that furnishes the
key, the definition, the application of those
words as intended by their author, but was
not read by the gentleman from Massachusetts:
" To raise armies; to build and equip fleets; to
prescribe rules for the government of Doth; to direct
their operations; to provide for their support, these
powers ought to exist without limitation."
The war powers of this country ought to
exist without limitation, and they do exist
without limitation. Who questions the pro-
priety of that existence ?
"These powers ou^ht to exist without limitation,
because it is impossible to foresee or to define the
extent and variety of national exigency, and the cor-
respondent extent and rariety of the means which
may be necessary to satisfy them."
Then comes the extract quoted by the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts and reread by me.
And now I submit that I have shown by the
very language of this article itself that the part
quoted by the gentleman from Massachusetts
has not one solitary particle, and by its very
nature cannot have one particle of application
to the question now before the House. If he
had given the context, that which was neces-
sary to show what the other was intended to
mean, the House would have seen in an in-
stant that what he did read had no possible
application, and gave no particle of support to
his proposition. Why did he not read the
context ?
But I am not yet done. I invite attention
