1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
939
now to the words which conclude the very par- ]
agraph read by the honorable gentleman, and
which L have just now repeated. Instead of
reading through the paragraph he stops at the
point where i have stopped in reading, and
then he makes a period. In the text there is
no period there. Mr. Hamilton does not stop
at that point at all, but with only a semicolon
intervening, says:
"That is, in any matter essential to tho formation,
direction, or support of the national forces."
There is the period.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I ask every intelligent
gentleman on this floor, every fair-minded law-
yer in this House or this country, if it is fair,
if it is just in this way and by "this means to
undertake to control the judgment of a court
and jury of which the gentleman who uses this
language in this way is a member and a part?
It is, perhaps, pardonable for lawyers, plead-
ing beiorfc courts and juries, where the court
and the jury alone are charged with judicial
functions and duties, and other lawyers are
watching to catch and expose their tricks and
errors, to indulge in this kind of argument,
this kind of arts, to give unjust support to un-
tenable propositions; but is it pardonable, is
it justifiable in circumstances like those which
surround us to-day?
Mr. Speaker, 1 have still another issue to
settle with the gentleman from Massachusetts
and this House. I read his own quotation from
Mr. Madison, in the forty-first number of the
Federalist:
"The means of security can only be regulated by
the means and the danger of attack. They will, in
fact, be ever determined by tlfese rules, and by no
others. It is in vain to oppose constitutional bar-
riers to tho impulse of self-preservation."
Now, I concede that if that language was
intended by its author to have any application
to the case pending here it might have some
force as an argument in favor of the power of
Congress to exclude this gentleman upon the
grounds made in this record, especially when
viewed from the stand-point of the majority of
this House. But here, too—I beg pardon and
mean no offense—we find a resort to the arts
of the special pleader, an attempt to torture
from its rightful place in the language of Mr.
Madison, and excluding from this House the
context showing that the language bears no
such interpretation as that which is given to it.
I invite the attention of the House now to the
language of Mr. Madison. On page 252 of
the Federalist the article may be found from
which the gentleman from Massachusetts has
quoted. The subject of that article is "secur-
ity against foreign danger." The war power
is the subject of his dissertation, not the power
of Congress to sit in judgment upon its own
members or the people of this country, and to
exclude from these Halls men as much enti-
tled to sit here as any gentleman who now sits
here. Mr. Madison says:
" Security against foreign danger is one of theprim-
itive objects of civil society. It is an avowed and es-
sential object of tho American Union. The powers
requisite for attaining it must be effectually confided
to the Federal councils.
"Is the power of declaring war necessary? No
man will answer this question in the negative. It
would be supetfluous, therefore, to enter into a proof
ofthe affirmative. Tho existing confederation estab-
lishes this power in the most ample form.
"Is the power of raising armies and equipping
fleets necessary ? This is involved in the loregoing
power. It is involved in the power of self-defense.
"But was it necessary to give an indefinite power
of raising troops as well as providing fleets, and of
maintaining both in peaceas well as in war ?
"The answer to these questions has been too far
anticipated in another place to admit an extensive
discussion of them in this place. The answer, indeed,
seems to be so obvious and conclusive as scarcely to
justify such a discussion in any place. With what
color of propriety could the force necessary for de-
fense be limited by those who cannot limit tho force
of offense? If a Federal Constitution could chain
the ambition or set bounds to the exertions of  11
other nations, then, indeed, might it prudently chain
the discretion of its own Government and setbounds
to tho exertions for its own safety."
"How could arcadincss for warin time of peacebe
safely prohibited unless wo could prohibit in like
manner the preparations and establishments ofevery
hostile nation?"
And then follow the words quoted by the hon-
orable gentleman from Massachusetts. Thus
it appears again that the context of what he
read takes from his quotation the last particle
of support. It not only does that but it con-
clusively shows that his proposition is utterly
untenable.
Mr. Speaker, he and every other gentleman
is entitled to all that can be made before an
intelligent court and jury out of that kind of
authority, out of that kind of special pleading
or argument. It is fashionable on the other
side of the House to drag in here in this kind
of discussion the great names of Hamilton,
and Madison, and Washington, and Jefferson,
and Jackson, and other great patriots of the
early history of our country, and to attempt
by them to give weight and character to the
otherwise characterless proceedings of this
day, and in many cases, 1 am sorry to say, that
attempt is about as futile and about as vain as
it has been in this case. Mr. Madison says,
speaking then of these war powers, that it
would be vain to interpose constitutional bar-
riers against the war power, and therefore no
constitutional barriers are interposed. But are
they not interposed against the power now
attempted to be exercised by-this House? Do
they not stand before us to-day in this tribu-
nal and confront us at every stage of our pro-
gress and say to us thus far shalt thou go and no
farther without treading upon the sacred charter
of our liberties? There is a limitation upon I
the power this House possesses in such cases. !
The Constitution must be its guide. No will
or judgment or caprice of this House can
override it or annul its provisions under the
specious and most dangerous pretense that
the "will of the nation" demands it. The
Constitution is the will of the nation. There
can be no other except that and the laws made
in pursuance thereof.
But I am not yet done. The honorable
gentleman further invited the attention of the
House to a citation or two from another of
the great luminaries of our early laws and
Constitution and history, John Marshall, and
from his opinion in the case of McCulloch vs.
The State of Maryland he undertakes to find
comfort, to find support, to find some sort of
justification for what is proposed to be done
here.
Mr. Speaker, I say without fear of contradic-
tion— I say it to every lawyer upon this floor,
I say it to the honorable gentleman himself, and
I say it with the utmost confidence—that there
cannot be found in that great opinion one soli-
tary line of authority, one single syllable of
countenance or encouragement even for this
kind of doctrine ; not one. What did that opin-
ion decide? It decided these three points:
that the National Bank of the United States,
organized in 1841,1 believe, involved a consti-
tutional exercise of the power of Congress;
that that bank had a right to organize a branch
in the State of Maryland; and that the State
of Maryland had no right to tax that branch.
That is what that case decided, and that is all
that the case decided ; and the Chief Justice laid
down in that case a rule of decision, a rule of
law, a canon of constitutional interpretation
from which this House ought never to seek to
protect itself and which ought never to be for-
gotten. What was that rule? It was not that
reckless and dangerous and revolutionary prop-
osition asserted by the honorable gentleman on
Friday, but it was this in substance, that when-
ever Congress is invested by an express grant
with the power and duty to do an act there fol-
lows, as a necessary part of that grant, every
incidental power necessary and proper to carry
into execution the expressly granted power.
That is what Chief Justice Marshall decided.
That is what every court in this country says ;
that is what Justice Storf says; that is what
Chief Justice Taney says, and that is what every
other judge, whethenlpf a Federal or State court,
whose opinions are worthy to be cited anywhere
ever since the organization of our Government,
have said.
Now, let us see what will be the effect of fol- i
lowing the honorable gentleman and taking his
own proposition as the law of the House. He
says:
" The Government which has a right to do an act,
and has imposed on it a duty in performing that act,
must, according to tho dictates of reason, be allowed
to select the means."
It is attempted to apply this language of the
court to the power of Congress over the admis-
sion of members to seats on this floor, and to
deduce from it the conclusion that the power
of this House is only limited or controlled by
its own judgment. It may, therefore, impose
conditions precedent which amount to addi-
tional qualifications to those prescribed in the
Constitution, or it may require test-oaths to be
taken, or prescribe any other conditions it
pleases. That is what it means. Congress is
thus to be made the sole judge and interpreter
of its own powers, and if Congress, in the exer-
cise of the despotism of a majority thinks that
the public interests require that the gentleman
from Illinois, [Mr. Cook,] or the gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes,] oryou, Mr.
Speaker, or I should be expelled from this
House, they have just the same power to expel
them under that citation that you have to expel
Mr. Brown or deny him his seat. If this grant
of power or assumed grant of power is good for
the one purpose it is good for any purpose that
the sovereign will of the majority of this House
may esteem necessary.
Mr. Speaker, I would desire the attention
of the honorable gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Cook,] for he, too, seems to have forgotten
that in this case he, too, is a judge and a juror.
I regret that he is not now in his seat. In the
course of his remarks on Saturday last he
used these words:
"I beg leave now to call the especial attention of
i the House to the fact that at the time that the senti-
I ments contained in this letter were publicly avowed
i by Mr. Brown in a speech at Ilebbardsville, in the
; beginning of April, 1801, a rebel agent was recruiting
amons tho audience for the confederate army."
Now, I desire to say that in this entire
record, or out of the record, nowhere upon
God's earth does the fact exist, or can the
fact be proven, that Mr. Brown in 1861 at any
time made a speech in Hebbardsville; he
never opened his lips there; that he was not
in that county, but on the contrary he was in
the county of Bullitt, where, I believe, he
lived at that time, and in the district which he
had represented in Congress. After that time
he removed to the county of Henderson, where
he now lives. Then what becomes of that
kind of assumption? It indicates a singular,
if not inexcusable, neglect to study the facta
of this case.
It is to me a matter of profound surprise, a
matter of wonder, that intelligent gentlemen
will undertake in this way to relieve their con-
sciences of a solemn duty like that now resting
upon us all. The truth is, however, that early
in April, 1861, Mr. Brown made a speech in
another place. It is perhaps by a misrecollec-
tion of names and of places, a fault of mem-
ory, that my colleague from Illinois [Mr. Cook]
referred to this as having occurred at Hebbards-
ville, when in truth there was no meeting there.
But early in 1861 there was a meeting in Shep- p
perdsville, in Bullitt county, Kentucky, and if
gentlemen want to find the evidence upon the
subject they will find it on pages 101 ana 102 of
Miscellaneous Document No. -17, being the tes-
timony in the cases of the Kentucky elections.
I now invite the attention of the House to
what it is that Mr. Brown is proven to have
said in his speech at Shepperdsville, in Bullitt
county, early in April, 1801. I read from the
evidence of the only witness whose lips have
been opened upon this subject, from whom has
escaped the only words that have been spoken
in relation to that question. The testimony I
will read will be the only testimony that there
will be in this case upon this point. It is the
testimony of Colonel Phillip Lee, who said :
"I live in Louisville, Kentucky; I have known
Mr. Brown since 1855: I was in the confederate army
from the summer of 1861 to 1865. I heard Mr. Brown
make a speech at Shcpardsville, Bullet county, at
