940
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 3,
tho end of March or beginning of April, 1861. He
w:is then our member of Congress, and we looked
forward to his speech with great interest, and to the
positions which he, wonlil take. I remember that I
was very greatly disappointed, and Iopposed him as
^candidate for Congress, lie took the ground that
Kentucky ought to maintain a neutral position. In
his speech_ he opposed tho doctrine of secession. I
thought his speech calculated to discourago enlist-
ments in the confederate army, and I was engaged
in that business at tho time. Therefore I and the
other southern men opposed Mr. Brown, and deter-
mined to bring out a candidate of our own, thinking
that Mr. Brown was too much opposed to us. My
recollection is that he took ground against tho war
oneithcrside; he was opposed to coercion; said that
itwas a duty which the youngmen of the State owed
to the State to remain in it."
I ask the attention of gentlemen to this testi-
mony, because it is a triumphant answer to
the assertion of the gentleman from Illinois
that Mr. Brown encouraged the young men of
Kentucky to enlist in the rebellion. It estab-
lishes that what Mr. Brown advised was pre-
cisely the contrary. He told the people, young
and old—
"That it was a duty which the young men of the
State owed to tho State to remain in it; that Ken-
tucky would act as a peacemaker, and that it was
the duty of young men not to go into the southern
army. There was no one, I think, at that time en-
gaged in enlisting men in this State for Ihc Federal
Army. I was attempting to raise men for the sonth-
ern army ; I had not commenced to do so openly, but
was enlisting men privat ely. I went off in June, 18131.
We generally regarded Mr. Brown as opposed to our
views of matters and in favor of neutrality to such
an extent that we eould not vote for him."
Now, gentlemen can read that testimony
through, every part and particle of it, and they
will find in it no sentiment or word inconsistent
with what I have said. That, therefore, is
the whole case so far as this point is concerned.
Then what becomes of the foundation of this
grave and most damaging charge against Mr.
Brown ? It falls to the ground; it is simply a
gratuitous assumption. Taking the evidence
alone and giving to it a fair and just legal inter-
pretation, and it seems to me entirely clear
that the judgment of the House must be in
favor of Mr. Brown.
Mr. Speaker, before I proceed further to
express my own views of this case, I must
invite attention to another position assumed by
the honorable gentleman from Illinois. He
read, as did also the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, another passage from the decision in
the case of McCulloch vs. The State of Mary-
land, in which Chief Justice Marshall uses
this ianguage speaking of the power of Con-
gress to require an oath of office in addition
to the oath prescribed in the Constitution :
"It might be argued with as much plausibility as
Other incidental powers have been assailed that the
convention was not unmindful of this subject. The
oath which might be exacted—that of fidelity to the
Constitution—is prescribed, and no other can be
required. Yet he would be charged with insanity
who should contend that the Legislature might not
superadd to the oath directed by the Constitution
euch other oath of office as its wisdom might sug-
gest."
It is attempted by this citation from that
same great opinion to justify to the conscience
of this House this arbitrary exercise of power in
the enactment of test-oaths of that sort—odious,
expurgatory test-oaths, which in all times, ever
since freedom had a foothold on earth, freemen
have detested and denounced above all other
attempts of wicked rulers to override and de-
stroy the rights of the people. Does Chief
Justice Marshall justify any such assumption?
Does his language even squint (if the expres-
sion may be pardoned) toward any such con-
clusion ? It simply asserts that Congress has
the power, as a power incidental to those ex-
pressly granted in the Constitution, to impose
other oaths than those specified in the Consti-
tution itself. But what kind of oaths must they
be? They must be "oaths of office"—not '
retroactive, not expurgatory, not test-oaths, but
simple, honest, fair, legal oaths of office. Sap-
pose the honorable gentleman from Massachu-
setts is appointed collector of the customs at
some port in his district; the Chief Justice
simply says that Congress may require him
to take not only the constitutional oath, but
also an oath of office—an oath that he will
faithfully and honestly discharge the duties of
that office according to law. Another man is
appointed a mail agent; another is appointed,
if you please, Sergeant-at-Arms of this House ;
another is appointed Chief Justice of this Dis-
trict. They are all public officers and may be
required to take an oath of office—an oath that
they will respectively discharge, according to
law and to the best of their ability, the duties
pertaining to their respective offices. That is
all there is in it, and to that poor extent it is a
mere dictum.
But follow this kind of reasoning to its logi-
cal results, and see where we shall arrive. If
under this kind of reasoning Congress may
impose other oaths than those to which I have
referred, it becomes perfectly apparent that
this power is absolutely unlimited, because its
own discretion becomes its law, and no law
'outside of that can restrain it in a single par-
ticular. But the language of the Chief Justice
is that Congress may prescribe other oaths of
office. He is not speaking of members of
Congress ; he is speaking of officers of the
Federal Government, acting by appointment
of the Federal Government and under its au-
thority, not of members of Congress. It has,
therefore, no application.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. DAWES obtained the floor and said: I
hope the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Kerb]
■will be permitted to conclude his remarks.
The 8PEAKER. How much longer time
does the gentleman from Indiana desire ?
Mr. KERR. I am not able to indicate pre-
cisely ; but I will not trespass beyond a rea-
sonable time. I certainly shall not occupy an
hour.
The SPEAKER. If there is no objection
the time of the gentleman from Indiana will
be extended.
There was no objection.
Mr. KERR. I thank the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] for his courtesy
in suggesting that I may be permitted to con-
tinue my remarks.
The gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Cook,] in
the further progress of his argument on Sat-
urday last, undertook to show by a very re-
markable kind of reasoning that it is not with-
out precedent in this country for Congress to
prescribe this kind of qualifying oaths; -and
he undertook to tell us that there are two in-
stances upon the statute-book of this country
whichjustify the conclusion to which he arrives, '
that Congress possesses the power claimed in
this case, and may by law create additional
qualifications to admission to Congress.
I invite attention to the points he makes.
He refers to the act of Congress of 1790 and
the act of Congress of 1853, both of which are
penal laws, laws defining what shall constitute
crimes against the Federal Government and
how those crimes shall be punished. Let that
be remembered, because that fact alone utterly
destroys the force of all the gentleman has
said in reference to the application of these
two laws to the case before the House. What
do those laws prescribe ? One says:
"And be it further enacted. That if any person shall
directly or indirectly give any sum or sums of money
or any other bribe, present, or reward, or any prom-
ise, contract, obligation, or security for the payment
or delivery of any money, present, or reward, or any
other thing to obtain or procure the opinion, judg-
ment, or decree of any judge or judges of the United
States in any suit, controversy, matter, or cause de-
pending before him or them, and shal/ be thereof
convicted, such person or persons so giving, promis-
ing. contracting, or securing to be given, paid, or
delivered, any sum or sums of monev, present, re-
ward, or other bribe as aforesaid, and the judge or
judges who shall in anywise accept or receive the j
same, on conviction thereof shall be fined and im-
prisoned at the discretion of the court: and shall
forever be disqualified to hold any office of honor, '
trust, or profit under the United States."
The other act is v«!ry siiBilw in terms and
relates to and prescribes punishment for bribery
of any member of Congress. j
The language of both th'fese laws is that those !
who attempt to bribe a judge or member of j
Congress, by any means, directly or indirectly, ;
shall be disqualified thereafter, among other |
things, from holding any office of honor, trust, |
or profit under the United States. Now, what
are offices under the United States? Do we
hold office here underthe United States? Does
the gentleman before me hold an office under
the United States? Does any gentleman in
the other end of the Capitol hold an office under
the United States? Does any gentleman on
that side of the House contend or admit that
he sits here as an officer of the Federal Gov-
ernment, as holding an office under the Federal
Government? If he does, he thereby ignores
one of the fundamental principles which lie at
the very basis of our republican institutions, a
principle which regulates and secures the free-
dom and independence of the representatives
of the people of this country. We come here
delegated by the people; we come here as the
officers, servants, representatives of the peo-
ple ; we come here to represent the people.
We do not get our power, we do not get our
offices under the Government of the United
States at all. We hold no commissions from
the Federal Government, but from the people
who elect us. We are a part of the Govern-
ment of the United States because the people
are.' Need I tell learned gentlemen on this
floor this is now the accepted and settled law of
this country? Need I ask them to refer to a
full review of this subject by Justice Story from
sections seven hundred and eighty-eight to
seven hundred and ninety-five inclusive, of
his Commentaries on the Constitution ? Need
I tell them in neither one of these acts of
Congress is there a solitary word of author-
ity for test-oaths, or oaths intended to create
I conditions-precedent not required in the Con-
stitution, and yet required to be taken by Rep-
resentatives before they shall be permitted to
take their seats? I confess myself wholly un-
able to see the manner in which my excellent
colleague expected to maintain his "iron-clad"
oath by the citation of these acts. I am will-
ing to take him on his chosen ground, and to
agree that the penalty denounced in these laws
against those who violate them shall, as to dis-
qualification to hold office, be visited upon Mr.
Brown as soon as he shall have been convicted
of the crime of treason according to the laws of
the country. Under neither of those acts can
the disqualification attach for the crime therein
forbidden until the offender " shall be thereof
convicted."
The gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Cook]
and the House will pardon me in this connec-
tion for inviting attention to an opinion of
Justice Story on the power of Congress to add
new qualifications to membershipinthisHouse.
It is from section six hundred and twenty-five
of his Commentaries on the Constitution. It is
free from the objection urged against opinions
of the present Supreme Court on these great
questions, that they partake of the pervading
excitement of the times. It is an expression
of the judgment of the legal mind of the coun-
try many years ago. He says :
" It would seembut fair reasoning upon the plainest
principles of interpretation, that when the Constitu-
tion established certain qualifications as necessary
for office it meant to exclude all others as prerequi-
sites. From the very nature of such a provision, the
affirmation of these qualifications would seem to
imply a negative of all others. A power to add new
qualifications is certainly equivalent to a power to
vary them. It adds to the aggregate what changes
the nature of the former requisites."
So do all these test-oaths. So does this iron-
clad oath of 1862.
Mr. Speaker, I come now to express briefly,
I trust very briefly, ray views of this case upon
its merits as contained in the evidence. I hope
that honorable gentlemen have found time to
read the report of the minority of this com-
mittee. If they have it will relieve me of much
that would be otherwise my duty to say on this
occasion. And, as the first suggestion that, in
the consideration of this case, arises in the
mind of every fair and impartial man, I beg
leave to say that if Mr. Brown is guilty of trea-
son at all that guilt must be shown by proof
beyond a reasonable doubt, because he stands
before the bar of this House panoplied in the
guarantied security of presumed innocenco, and
