942
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 3,
Mr. GRAVELY. Will the gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Kerr] yield for an inquiry ?
Mr. KERR. I will yield for an inquiry.
Mr. GRAVELY. I would inquire of the
gentleman whether, in speaking of the pro-
ceedings of that meeting, he intends to say to
this House that the position taken by the Hon.
John B. Henderson was similar to that taken
by Mr. Brown?
Mr. KERR. The same, word for word. I
have the resolutions here upon the record.
Mr. GRAVELY. I would like the gentle-
man to read them.
Mr. KERR. I will do so; I shall be happy
to accommodate the gentleman in that respect.
If the gentleman lias any such record he may
compare it as I read it. Mr. J. B. Hender-
son, on the 12th of March, 1861, in the con-
stitutional convention of the State of Missouri,
said this:
" I am not afraid, sir, to announce the proposition
that if tho doctrines of Wendell Phillips and Lloyd
Garrison are to be the doctrines of this country, and
the slave population of the southern States should
be turned loose by Federal enactments, I do not hes-
itate to say, nor do I suppose the people of the State
of Missouri would hesitate a moment to say, that in
that case it would be better to resort to tho revolu-
tionary right—the last resort of injured men—and
right themselves at the point of the bayonet."
Mr. GRAVELY. And now will the gen-
tleman allow me to say a word?
Mr. KERR. Not now.
Mr. GRAVELY. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman a question. •
Mr. KERR. I cannot yield now; I will
before long. The gentleman has challenged
not only the position of Mr. Henderson, and
of others. I will read the resolutions of the
Missouri meeting, corresponding with the Ken-
tucky resolutions I have read:
" That as we oppose the call of the President for
volunteers for the purpose of coercing the seceding
States, so we oppose the raising of troops in this State
to cooperate with the southern confederacy." !
Also, the following:
"That the present duty of Missouri is to maintain
her present independent position, taking sides not
with the Administration and not with tho seceding
States, but with the Union against them both, declar-
inpr horsoil to be sacred from the hostile tread of i
either, and if necessary to make tho declaration I
good with her strong right arm."
Mr. GRAVELYj Will the gentleman yield
to me ?
Mr. KERR. If the gentleman wants to put
another question to me upon this same subject
I will hear it. I do not desire to be inter-
rupted upon any other point just now.
Mr. GRAVELY. As the gentleman has
charged that Hon. John D. Henderson and
others whom he has named took the same
position that was taken by this man Brown, I
ask the gentleman now to read the language
of Mr. Brown. Let the House see 
Mr. KERR. Mr. Speaker, I resume the
floor.
I have already read the letter of John Young
Brown, and I do not propose to spend time
rereading it, to the neglect of my argument.
Now, Mr. Speaker, if John Young Brown, by
reason of the acts to which I have referred, is
to be held by this House, under all the cir-
cumstances of this case, to be a traitor, so also
should the Senate hold these other gentlemen,
who, however, I say, are not traitors, have
not been guilty of treason.
But I shall probably be told that Mr. Hen-
derson and Mr. Guthrie and Mr. Speed and
the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Stokes]
and sundry other gentlemen, after they had
made these solemn declarations of their senti-
ments and purposes, took another course and
became open and avowed Union men. Suppose
they did; if they had once committed an act
of treason could they expiate it, could they
wipe it out, could they, by any subsequent act
of theirs, cease to be guilty of that crime ? If
the gentleman from Tennessee was ever guilty
he is guilty still. If John Young Brown ever
committed treason I say he is guilty still, unless
he has had an exercise, for his benefit, of ex-
ecutive clemency, or has been tried and suffered
the penalty of the law.
■I also in this connection invite attention to
the fact that this oath is not prospective. Every
word that is incorporated in this oath beyond
what the Constitution requires is a retrospect-
ive declaration, designed to test the conscience
of the man who is required to take the oath.
If, therefore, a man has been guilty of any acts
there recited, then, although he may since have
fought upon a hundred fields, although he may
have shed his blood and lost his limbs in
defense of the country, yet he cannot raise his
hand and swear before God that he never did
the acts specified in this oath.
Now, I have not time to refer in detail to
the testimony in this' case. I have already
stated that there is no testimony which fastens
upon Mr. Bro^n a single overt act of treason;
and so far as this letter is concerned it must,
upon every consideration of fairness and legal
interpretation, be construed according to the
circumstances under which it was written. The
letter, in my judgment, in the light of all the cir-
cumstances, owes its existence to the mere
impulses which pervaded the entire popular
mind of Kentucky, which controlled the hearts
and the judgment and the conduct of the men
of Kentucky, both high and low, which con-
trolled every organ of public opinion in Ken-
tucky, every loyal press of Kentucky, the
Legislature of Kentucky, the Governor, all the
public men at that day and hour. On the 18th
of April, 1861, there was not to be found in
Kentucky one single public man of note or
controlling influence who was not in favor of
this much-abused doctrine of " neutrality."
Gentlemen askmewhetherlmean to indorse
the doctrine of " neutrality" as being defensi-
ble in law. I answer no, certainly not; the
doctrine is indefensible ; it indicates an anom-
alous condition of affairs; it has no place in
the law. But are we to condemn and denounce
everything that is not in precise harmony with
the law, administration of criminal law ? Are
we to make no allowances for the weakness of
men, for the circumstances under which they
act, for the motives which control them, for
their impulses and ideas, the influences of
their education and surroundings, or any other
of those circumstances which surround us all
at every step of our progress through life, and
more or less determine our conduct, not only
in private but in public affairs.
Every principle of law and justice requires,
in determining this case, we should give due
weight and consideration to these things.
My distinguished friend and colleague on the
committee from Illinois [Mr. Cook] had the
kindness to say here on Saturday he did not
believe it was right for him to suffer men to
come upon this floor to make laws for loyal
men who would not obey the Constitution of
the country. I ask honorable gentlemen here
if there sits upon this floor now no man who
is willing, not only to declare publicly, but to
proclaim that in his high office here he acts
"outside of the Constitution," notwithstand-
ing his oath of office? If gentlemen are to
bring the House down to these rigid, to these
unbending and merciless, rules of law, then, in
God's name, I ask them to bring them home to
themselves and their own consciences and to
their own conduct, aud by that measure I am
willing Mr. Brown shall be judged.
Now I invite the attention of every gentle-
man upon this floor to the fact that the minor-
ity of this committee have stated in their
report the following:
, " That letter, when closely scrutinized, cannot be
justified as an expression of proper sentiments by
any one: but common justice, and every rule of in-
terpretation forbid us to forget that, when it was
written, Mr. Brown, who had just been engaged in a
popular discussion as an avowed Union manAvith
Governor Helm, who was an equally avowed advo-
cate of secession, was charged by certain parties with
being opposed to impartial neutrality on the part of
Kentucky, and in favor only of partial neutrality as
against the South, and that to repel that charge the
letter was written. He had been just before declar-
ing day by day to tho people of the State that they
must not surrender the Union, and that in the then
pending struggle they could best maintain their posi-
tion in it by assuming and maintaining an attitude
of neutrality, and on the very dayofits date homade
an eloquent speech of the same import in Louisville
to five thousand Union men. He must have been
understood by all intelligent men in Kentucky as
then in favor of impartial neutrality. But for some
evil purpose ho was misrepresented by certain per-
sons on that subject, and it was intimated that he
was in favor of northern intervention or invasion.
It was this intimation that he wrote that letter to
repel or contradict, lie seems to have assumed that
his public addresses had left no doubt on the public
mind that he was in favor of impartial neutrality."
I refer gentlemen now to the testimony of
every witness produced here by the prosecutor
or by Mr. Brown ; and I say again that in most
of these depositions it is stated by the witnesses
that Mr. Brown, during the entire war, was a
most quiet and orderly citizen, doing all his
duties as a member of society, taking no part
in the strife on the one side or the other, ex-
cepting that among his neighbors and friends
he always protested against the young men of
Kentucky going into the cause of rebellion.
He said that the State of Kentucky had assumed
the position of neutrality, and it was their duty
to stand by her. There he stood then and
there he stands now.
In all those depositions there will be found
statements to the effect that Mr. Brown, dur-
ing the entire war, was a member of the Dem-
ocratic party, and in the political parlance of
Kentucky is sometimes called a member of the
rebel party ; but when the witnesses were in-
quired of as to what they meant when they said
he was a member of the rebel party they said
they meant simply that he was a member of the
Democratic party. This thing dwindles simply
into this: Mr. Brown during the entire struggle
through which our country has passed was
opposed to this Administration, opposed to the
party now in power in this House and in the
country; that his judgment of the duty of the
State and the practice and associations of his
life had arrayed him against the policy and
principles of that party, and therefore he
deemed it to be his duty and his sight as a man
and citizen of Kentucky to avow those princi-
ples and doctrines which he did; He did it
sometimes in terms of intemperance, of harsh-
ness, sometimes without just discrimination.
He did it as men often do in the active politics
of the day when they get upon the " stump"
before the people—he did it in the heat of pas-
sion. He may have said many things which
were not wise and that gave a higher coloring
to his own sentiments than in calmer moments
he would either tolerate or admit.
Mr. MILLER. Will the gentleman permit
me to ask a question ?
Mr. KERR. Yes, sir.
Mr. MILLER. I wish to inquire whether
he considers a man loyal who utters language
attributed to Mr. Brown, namely, that "not
one man or one dollar will Kentucky fur-
nish" 
Mr. KERR.' I do not yield for the reading
of that. I have read it already and commented
upon it.
Mr. MILLER. Then I ask the gentleman
if he considers a man who utters the language
attributed to Mr. Brown to be a loyal man and
one who ought to be admitted as a member
upon this floor?
Mr. KERR. In reply to that question I
will say without hesitation and with the earn-
est sincerity of deep conviction that in my
judgment Mr. Brown was then, has been
ever since, and is now in every just and legal
sense a loyal man, notwithstanding he wrote
that letter. Yet at the same time 1 admit that
it was foolish, it was imprudent, it was pas-
sionate to write that letter—to put his words
in such a form. But I want it to be understood
that in doing so he did no more than ten thou-
sand other men have done all over the coun-
try who are just as loyal as any gentlemen in
this country, and are so recognized by us all,
and yet no more loyal than Mr. Brown.
Mr. MILLER. The gentleman, I under-
stand, says that Mr. Brown wrote this in a state
of excitement. Woulditnot, then, be better t6
allow it to cool off before he is admitted to a
seat on this floor?
Mr. KERR. My answer to that is, if it
takes him as long to cool off-from the excite-
