1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
948
ment, passion, animosity, hatred, and malig- |
nancy, engendered by the late war among so
ruany of the majority in this House, as it has 1
taken tliem, then I fear he could never become
cool enough to be entitled to a seat here. But
I think, nevertheless, that he is cool. I think
he has become cool and self-possessed, and if
admitted here will do his duty to the country
and the Constitution as faithfully as the hon-
orable gentleman who addressed the inquiry,
and I know he will do it just as faithfully as any
man in the world according to his ability.
Mr. VAN HORN, of Missouri. Will the
gentleman allow me to put a question ?
Mr. KERB. A question merely.
Mr. VAN HORN, of Missouri. I under-
stand the gentleman to claim that Mr. Brown
is a loyal man. I wish to know if he would
have considered him a loyal man if he had
carried the sentiment of that letter into execu-
tion and shot one of the soldiers? Would that
have been a loyal act?
Mr. KERR. If the gentleman had carried
that threat into execution—which he did not,
nor did he pretend to do it—then he would
have been guilty of one of two crimes—either
murder or treason—and the circumstances
under which he did the act would determine
its legal character. Mr. Brown did not com-
mit or attempt to commit any act indicated in
that letter, but, on the contrary, every subse-
quent act of his life clearly proves that he
never intended to do any such thing.
And now, that the gentleman has put to me
an inquiry, I will ask him to answer me a ques-
tion : suppose the gentlemen in his own State
who passed the resolutions I have just read had
carried out their determination, would they
have been guilty of treason or not?
Mr. VAN HORN, of Missouri. In answer
to that I will say that they have placed their
own interpretation on the resolutions by enter-
ing the Union Army and fighting rebels three
or four years.
Mr. KERR. That is a mere evasion. Now,
sir, let it be remembered that when Mr. Brown
wrote that letter he was just as peaceable,
orderly, and quiet a citizen as was any gentle-
man on this floor. He was not going about the
country making inflammatory or declamatory
speeches to the people to induce them to go
into the rebellion. He was appealing to them
to remain calm and self-possessed, to observe
the laws of the State of Kentucky, to avoid
doing violence. It is, therefore, in vain, and
worse than in vain, it is cruel and wicked for
gentlemen here to undertake to say that when
this letter was written Mr. Brown was about
to do any of the things mentioned in it. He
did nothing of the kind. Every witness bears
testimony to his good conduct, his orderly
demeanor, his peace-making disposition as a
citizen of the town of Henderson during the
war. No man can allege against him one sol-
itary fact—not one. Where is it? Where is
the proof of it? Why is it not produced here?
A man may utter in the heat of debate or of
party feeling things that he may not himself
believe in his calmer moments, or things which
he would not repeat upon reflection. Why,
sir, I have heard gentlemen upon this floor
say, within the last three months, that if the
Executive of the United States should under-
take to do certain things he would find another
Brutus; that the Speaker would possibly him-
self become the savior of his country by taking
the life of her Chief Executive. We have
heard threats of all kinds here; we have heard
them from gentlemen now occupying seats
upon this floor made outside of this House.
Did they mean what they said? They were
made in the heat of party feeling and in the
accustomed license of. partisan declamation.
It is my opinion, Mr. Speaker, that had it
been the good fortune of Mr. Brown, after that
letter had been written, and after the war was
over, to become a member of the Union party,
"so called," as my friend from Illinois [Mr.
Ross] suggests, and had been elected as such
to this House, he would have had no trouble in
gaining admission to a seat here, notwithstand-
ing that letter.
Mr. Speaker, I beg to apologize to the House
for having occupied as much time as I have in [
this case, and to thank the gentlemen who have ,
given me their attention for their courtesy; and
to say in conclusion that the opinions which I
have expressed, the conclusions which I have
reached, are, if I know my own heart, the fair,
honest, and simple expression of my own feel-
ings and the convictions of my own judgment.
I do not make them in any party spirit. I do
not seek any party triumph. I do not ask the
admission of Mr. Brown because he is a Demo-
crat. I would not ask the exclusion of any
gentleman from a seat here because he was not
a Democrat. That has not been my conduct
during this Congress, and I trust it never will be.
Mr. PRICE. I desire to ask the gentleman
a question before he sits down. I understood
the gentleman to say—and I wish him to say if I
understood him correctly—that during the last
three months gentlemen upon this floor have
said that in case Andrew Johnson did certain
things then he would find another Brutus. Did
I understand him correctly?
Mr. KERR. I said substantially that. I
did not undertake to give the precise words.
Mr. PRICE. Well, I understood him to
say so.
Mr. KERR. I did say so.
Mr. PRICE. And I understand the gentle-
\ man now to reiterate it. It is entirely new to
me that any gentleman upon either side of this
House has said at any time during this Con-
gress or any other Congress that if Andrew
ij Johnson were to do anything he would find
I another Brutns; and I wish to correct that
II statement here and now, as a part and parcel
11 of this House, and to say that no man upon
' this side of the House at least has ever given
utterance to such a sentiment. If I am mis-
taken I ask the gentleman from Indiana to
give their names.
Mr. KERR. Well, Mr. Speaker, the gen-
' tleman knows very well that it is impossible to
i carry in one's memory all the speeches that
1 gentleman make here, and it would be still
more unprofitable to do so. I assert this from
, memory. I assert what I believe to be true.
I reassert it, notwithstanding the gentleman's
i memory is inconsistent with mine. I do not
undertake to say that the precise words which
I have uttered fell from the lips of any gentle-
man, but I simply express the idea ; that is all.
I do not undertake to repeat any gentleman's
words unless I have them before me.
Mr. PRICE. In reply to that assertion—and
I give the gentleman from Indiana credit for a
great deal of candor and honesty—I say here
and now, as emphatically and positively as it is
possible for me to express myself, that no man
upon this side of the House has during this
session of Congress or any other session, in
this House as a member of Congress, or as a
member of Congress out of the House, made
use of any such expression; and I wish it to go
to the country that the Republican party of these
United States do not think enough of Andrew
Johnson and so little of themselves as to bring
themselves down to a point where they would
under any circumstances furnish him with a
Brutus.
Mr. KERR. Without meaning to make any
invidious or offensive personal allusion, I may
say, in reply, that there has been said outside
of this House, by a very justly distinguished
member of it, that the time might come when
the President might find himself, after the con-
vening of this Congress, suspended between
heaven and earth.
Mr. WELKEIl. I desire to inquire of the
gentleman whether, in the reference he has just
now made, he refers to the newspaper statement
published in the political papers of the coun-
try, that the Presiding Officer of this House, in
a public speech in Wooster, Ohio, made such
a declaration as that ?
Mr. KERR. I do not.
Mr. WELKER. I beg leave to say 
Mr. KERR. I have answered the gentle-
man's question ; I say I do not.
Mr. WELKER. 1 hope the gentleman will
allow me to say 
Mr. KERR. I do not yield for any further
interruptions ; I yield the floor entirely.
Mr. DAWES obtained the floor.
Mr. WELKER. Will the gentleman yield
to me for a few moments?
Mr. DAWES. Certainly.
Mr. WELKER. I desire, in justice to the
gentleman who has the honor to preside over
this House, to correct a statement that I have
seen frequently published in the Democratic
newspapers throughout the country, alluding
to a speech that the Speaker of this House
made in the town of Wooster, Ohio, during the
campaign last fall. These papers asserted that
the Speaker used language in reference to
President Johnson similar to that to which the
gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Kerb] has just
referred. I was myself present on that occa-
sion and had a good opportunity to hear the
remarks made by the Speaker, and I assert
here that he made no such declaration as that
alluded to here. He spoke of a newspaper
report that the President of the United States
would not allow the Fortieth Congress to as-
semble in pursuance of its adjournment, and
the articles in the Washington city papers on
that subject; or that the military power might
be used in an adjoining State to prevent their
coming together, and which rumors were then
prevalent. In reference to these reports and
rumors the Speaker said thatif the President, or
any one in the General Government, or a State
government, should by revolutionary force de-
stroy or attempt to destroy the law-making
power of the nation, that person, whoever he
might be, if we had a country left, would be
tried as a traitor, convicted as a traitor, and
:j suffer the doom of a traitor. He also said that
ji he did not believe that it would be attempted.
11 He made no threat against any one, but only
I stated what he believed would be the result if
j Congress by military force was overthrown.
| No remark which could be construed into a
|j threat against the President of the United
j [ States was made by the distinguished gentle-
I man upon that occasion. I heard every word
! I that was said there, and I say that the state-
ment which has been made in the Democratic
newspapers and published all over the land is
not a correct statement but a gross misrepre-
sentation of what was said on that occasion.
J have stated what the Speaker did say in very
nearly the exact words used by him in that
speech.
Mr. KERR. It is not necessary, Mr. Speaker,
for me to repeat my disclaimer.
Mr. DAWES resumed the floor.
clerks in state department.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House the following message from
the President of the United States; which was
read, referred to the Committee on Appropri-
ations, and ordered to be printed.
To the Senate and House of Representatives ;
I transmit to Congress a report from the Secretary
of State suggesting the necessity for a furthcj: appro-
priation toward defraying the expense of employing
copying clerks, with aviewto enable hisDepartment
seasonably to answer certain calls for information.
ANDREW JOHNSON.
Washington, February 3, 1868.
contingent fc.nd of state department, etc.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before , the House a communication from
the Secretary of State, transmitting statements
of the disbursement of the contingent fund, of
balances on hand, &c., in compliance with the
act of August 26, 1842.
Mr. ARNELL. I move that that communi-
cation be referred to the Committee on Ex-
penditures in the State Department, and that
it be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
detectives, etc., of treasury department.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a communication
