944
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 3,
from the Secretary of the Treasury, in response |
to resolutions oi' the House of November 2G ;
an J L'7, relative to special agents and detect-
ives employed iii that Department since June
1, lSliti.
Mr. ROBINSON. I move that this com-
munication ho referred to the Committee on
the Expenditures of the Treasury Department,
a standing committee of this House, to which
all the-e things properly belong.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I move that the com-
munication be referred to the Committee on
Retrenchment, as that committee already has
this subject in charge.
Mr. ROBINSON. I believe, Mr. Speaker,
that my motion takes precedence, as it pro-
poses the reference of the matter to a standing
committee, to which the subject appropriately
belongs.
The SPEAKER. The motion to refer to
a standing committee has precedence of the
motion to refer to a select committee.
Mr. LOGAN. I desire to movd that the
communication be referred to the Committee
of Ways and Means. As that committee now
has under consideration a revenue bill having
reference to these officers it seems to me to be
the appropriate committee. The Committee
on Retrenchment certainly has nothing to do
with the question of reducing the number of
these revenue officers, who are called '"detect-
ives," but they are in fact nothing more than in-
spectors. There are now traversing this country
over two hundred of these officers, appointed
by the Secretary of the Treasury under a pro-
vision of the revenue law authorizing him to
appoint inspectors. The Committee of Ways
and Means is preparing a bill making provis-
ion with regard to these officers—cutting them
off, I believe; and I think this communication
should appropriately be referred to that com-
mittee.
Mr. BENJAMIN. If the gentleman will
examine the resolution under which the Com-
mittee on Retrenchment was raised he will see
that this committee is specialty charged with
the investigation of matters of this kind. It
has special cognizance of the subject of public
offices and officers. The information embraced
in this communication is especially desirable to
that committee to enable it to complete the
investigation in which it is engaged. I trust
the communication will be referred to that com-
mittee. We all know that the committees on
the expenditures of the various Departments
are merely committees in name; at least such,
has been my experience. At the last session I
was a member of one of those committees.
They have never attempted, so far asl know,
to investigate the expenses of the Departments.
During the whole Thirty-Ninth Congress the
Committee on the Expenditures of the Interior
Department never so much as had a meeting
for the purpose of investigating the expenses
of that Department or any other purpose; and
I presume the same may be said of the com-
mittees raised to investigate the expenditures
of the other Departments.
The SPEAKER. If this communication
fives rise to extended debate the Chair will
e compelled to withdraw it, as it is postpon-
ing the remarks of the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Dawes] on the contested-elec-
tion case.
Mr. LOGAN. I desire to say to the gen-
tleman from Missouri [Mr. Bexjamin] that I
can furnish the Committee on Retrenchment
with the information they desire on this sub-
ject. There is no necessity for referring this
communication to that committee. These offi-
cers are called inspectors, not detectives; and
if the gentleman will examine the report of the
Commissioner of Internal Revenue he will find
that there are about two' hundred and thirty
of these inspectors, and they are paid four
dollars a day. I have investigated this sub-
ject. and can furnish the Committee on Re-
trenchment with all the information they desire
with reference to the matter. I hope this com-
munication will be referred to the Committee of
Ways and Means, because that committee is j
preparing a revenue bill that will affect these i
very officers and will dispose of the question.
Mr. BENJAMIN, in reply to the gentle-
man from Illinois, [Mr. Logan,] 1 will say that
the Commute# on Retrenchment is preparing
a bill having reference not only to the Treas-
ury Department but to all the Departments
of the Government, making an entire change
in the mode of appointment, &c.
Mr. ROBINSON7. This Committee on Re-
trenchment not only seeks to take cognizance
of everything relating to the various Depart-
ments, but is engaged in examining into the
lottery business of the country and almost
every other subject. The rules of the House
provide that matters of this kind shall be re-
ferred to the standing committees having juris-
diction of the subjects. This communication
should be referred to the Comifiittee on the
Expenditures of the Treasury Department,
otherwise we might as well abolish that com-
mittee.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I hope that subject will
be referred to the Committee of Ways and
Means, for it is a question of public policy in
respect to the future, and there is no commit-
tee can tell whether it is right in respect to the
future which does not know what has been
done in the past.
Mr. ROBINSON. If it goes to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means it will never again
be heard of.
The question recurred on the reference to
the Committee on Expenditures in the Treas-
ury Department.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
18, noes 78.
So the motion was disagreed to.
The question next recurred on the reference
to the Committee of Ways and Means.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
72, noes 35.
So the communication was referred to the
Committee of Ways and Means, and ordered
to be printed.
" champagne cases."
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, also
laid before the House a communication from
the Secretary of the Treasury, in response to a
resolution of the House, relating to certain
suits pending in New York city, known as
the " champagne cases," and the expense of
certain agents of the Department; which)
on motion of Mr. Hulbcrd, was referred to
the Committee on Public Expenditures, and
ordered to be printed.
united states steamship yanderbilt.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, also
laid before the House a communication from
the Secretary of tbe Navy, in response to a
resolution of the House, relative to the United
States steamship Vanderbilt, where stationed,
present condition, &c. ; which, on motion of
Mr. Taber, was referred to tbe Committee on
Naval Affairs.
rice planters op north cakolina.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania, by unani-
mous consent, presented a memorial of rice
planters of Cape Fear river, New Hanover
county, North Carolina; which was referred
to the Committee on Appropriations.
heirs op general d. l. clinch.
Mr. BINGHAM, by unauimous consent,
moved to take from the Speaker's table Senate
bill No. 308, for the relief of the heirs of the
late General Duncan L. Clinch, deceased, and
to refer it to the Committee of Claims.
The motion was agreed to.
rights of adopted citizens.
Mr. ROBINSON. I ask unanimous con-
sent to introduce a resolution in respect to the
rights of adopted citizens.
Several Mumbers called for the regular order
of business.
Mr. ROBINSON. Mr. Speaker, American
citizens are rotting in jail, and we can get in
everything but their claims.
election contest—smith vs. 11uown.
Mr. TRIMBLE, ofKentncky. Mr. Speaker,
I desire to make the motion that the further
consideration of this case postponed for one
week. The importance of the question, with-
outaparaliel and wiihouta precedent in tliohis-
tory of the country, I trust, will be a sufficient
apology for my making that motion. I have
no doubt it is the desire of every gentleman on
this floor to calmly and deliberately consider
the question upon which we are called to vote,
and that is the establishment of aprecedentas
to the right of a Representative to a seat upon
this floor. 1 have no idea it is the wish of
gentlemen to establish a precedent here that
in calm and cool moments they would regret
they had established. Tliey are prepared and
willing, I presume, to hear anything that may
be said on the question before this House.
While my colleague [Mr. Brown] was entirely
willing this House shuuld pass upon his case
before he had been heard before your able
Committee of Elections, still the gentlemen
from Kentucky here to-day feel they owe it to
themselves and to Mr. Brown to ask this case
be postponed until he can be here and heard
in favor of his right to a seat upon this floor.
There can be no' necessity for pressing this
question now.
I am asked to state the reason why Mr.
Brown is not here. I learn his family have
been indisposed, and that is one of the rea-
sons why he has not been here. If it should
be the pleasure of the House, and I have no
doubt it will, to extend the time so as to give
Mr. Brown an opportunity to vindicate him-
self here and before the country, I should be
exceedingly gratified. I should be glad to
be heard on the question myself before the pre-
vious question is demanded. I move now that
the further consideration of the •subject bo
postponed until to-morrow week, in order that
Mr. Brown may have an opportunity to be
heard.
Mr. DAWES. I wish to say I hardly feel
like refusing the gentleman the opportunity
to make his motion. I am here in some na-
ture as the organ of the committee to make
the motion to close debate at this time, and I
do it in view of the fact, or what I supposed
was the fact, that Mr. Brown was going to
leave the case to his colleague, and that the
case had been debated as far as the patience
of the House would permit.
Mr. TRIMBLE, of Kentucky, rose.
Mr. DAWES. I decline to yield at this time.
I do not desire to shut the gentleman off from
making his motion, nor do I desire to oppose
it. I leave it entirely with the House, if the
House is disposed to carry out the intention of
the committee, and thinks it ought to proceed
with the case and close it to-day, it will vote
against the motion ; but if, under the circum-
stances, the House thinks the case should bq
postponed, it will vote for the motion. I will
therefore yield and allow the motion to be made,
so as to take the sense of the House upon it.
Mr. UPSON. I would ask the chairman of
the committee whether it is not understood,
from a letter of Mr. Brown to the chairrrvan or
to another member of the committee, that he
has expressed the opinion that he should not
be here unless his case was reported upon
favorably.
Mr. DAWES. I have all along understood
that to be the fact.
Mr. TRIMBLE, of Kentucky. I desire to
state, in connection with that qgmark, that at
the time Mr. Brown may have expressed an
opinion of that kind, he did not know what
course would be pursued in relation to his case
here. Occurrences that have taken place since
that time could not have been foreseen. For in-
stance, I understand it to be asserted and made
an argument against him to his prejudice that
he has absented himself and abandoned his
case. Now, it is proper to state that Mr. Brown
is a poor man and has not the means of remain-
ing at this Capitol all this time, and that is one
of the reasons that have kept him away. I trust
