1808.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
945
the House, in view especially of the fact that his
absence lias been urged as evideuce of his guilt,
wi'.l give him ail opportunity to come here and
show that he is willing and ready to meet these
c'.ir.rires, as he has done before the committee
and elsewhere.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. Will the gentle-
man from Keutueky inform the House whether
Mr. Brown has made any such request as
that he should be heard before the House? Is
he prepared to say whether Mr. Brown desires
this privilege, and that he will avail himself of
it if the House grants the request made on his
behalf'.' Has the gentleman had any com-
munication with Mr. Brown on the subject?
Mr. TRIMBLE, of Kentucky. I have no
doubt that it is the desire of Mr. Brown to-day
that he should be heard on this question.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. lias the gen-
tleman learned anything from Mr. Brown on
the subject?
Mr. TRIMBLE, of Kentucky. Well, I will
state this : all I have learned from him on the
question is that some of his family were unwell,
and he was willing to trust his cause in the
hands of his colleagues. But his colleagues at
this time believe that his presence is necessary
for the proper vindication of himself.
I will state further that he informed me if I
would telegraph him at any time he would be
here if his presence was necessary. Now, if
the time is extended we will telegraph him
and have him here. I therefore submit the
motion that the further consideration be post-
poned one week from to-day.
Mr. COVODE. I think, Mr. Speaker, we
have had enough discussion on this matter,
and I call the previous question on the motion
to postpone.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the further consideration of the
subject was postponed for one week from to-
day after the morning hour—ayes 90, noes 30.
Mr. TRIMBLE, of Kentucky, moved to re-
consider the vote just taken ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table
The latter motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. Under the vote just taken
the other resolution will be regarded as being
postponed also. The next business in order
is the consideration of the bill in regard to
southern railroad land grants, on which the
gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr. Elbridge] is
entitled to the floor for forty minutes.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I yield to the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Robinsov. ]
RIGHTS OF AMERICAN CITIZENS.
Mr. ROBINSON. I ask leave to offer the
following preamble and resolutions:
Whereas Stephen J. Meany, claiming to be an
American citizen, was tried in Dublin in February
last; and whereas the British attorney general on that
trial, as reported in the Dublin Irishman of Feb-
ruary 23v18(j7, claimed his eonvietion for acts done
in New York; and whereas Baron Fitzgerald stated
the point on his trial to be that Mr. Meaay had been
a member of a Fenian society in America similar to
• society existing in Ireland, but proved no acts of
the person himself dona in Ireland, or even that he
was in Ireland during any part of the period that
the associations were shown to exist cither in Amer-
ica or Ireland; and whereas said Meany was con-
victed and sentenced to fifteen years' imprisonment;
and whereas Colonel John AVarren, a citizen of the
United States, tried in Dublin October 30 and 31 and
November 1,18ti7, claimed upon said trial a mixed
jury, as provided by British law, and challenged the
array of the jury, which challenge was denied on the
ground distinctly declared by Chief Justice Pigott,
that a person born'in the United Kingdom owes his
allegiance to England forever, no matter where he
might be; and whereas General Halpin, Augustus
Castello, and other American citizens were denied
the juiy allowed by British law to every person ex-
empt from allegiance to the British Crown; and
whereas William J. Nngle, a native-American citi-
len, was on t-he 1st day of June, 18t>7, arrested with
Colonel Warren and has been, without trial or con-
viction, held in prison for eight months, his applica-
tion to be admitted to bail being refused ar. da speedy
trial denied him; and whereas the said Colonel John
Warren and William J. Nagle have petitioned this
Houso to take such measures as may be just anil
necessary in their behalf; Therefore,
Be HretoheU by thi$ House, That the President of
the United States be, and he hereby is. requested to
institute an immediate examination into the facts
40th Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 60.
! alleged in the preamble hereto, and if found true to
demand tho immediate release of any and all Amer-
ican citisons charged or convicted before or by any
challenge to the array of tho jury on the ground of
perpetual allegiance; and to demand the immediate
releaso of William J. Nagle, who, on the lfith of
November Ia t, in open court, both before and after
trial of said Warren, after nearly six months'impris-
onment, demanded and was refused a trial on the
charges preferred against him; and in case of such
demand being refused the President is hereby re-
quested to order the arrest of and detain in custody
any subj ects or citizens of Great Britain who may be
found within the jurisdiction of the United States,
and to withdraw all intercourse of the United States
with Great Britain.
Mr. BINGHAM. I shall object unless the
gentleman from Xew York will change in some
respects ths language of the resolution. In
the first place it authorizes the arrest and
detention of citizens of England, or subjects,
if you please, of the British Government, in
direct violation of the law of nations, which
we are not at liberty ourselves under any cir-
cumstances whatever to violate. The gentle-
man must know that the persons of embas-
sadors, by the universal judgment of mankind,
are under the protection of the law, and no
national exigency whatever will justify a vio-
lation of the protection of their persons.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands
that this is an objection, though at some
length, and if so, the resolution is not before
the House and is not subject to debate.
Mr. BINGHAM. I object unless the gen-
tleman will modify it.
Mr. ROBINSON. I am willing to modify
it in any way so as to suit the tone and senti-
ment, which I know to be sound, of this House.
I I am not particular about the language. I had
1 no intention of arresting embassadors.
Mr. BINGHAM. It should not include min-
isters, consuls, or embassadors.
' Mr. ROBINSON. I am willing to exclude
them, or to modify it in any way so as to suit
the proper, healthy tone of sentiment in the
House.
i The SPEAKER. Is there objection to the
resolution as modified?
I Mr. MAYNARD. I wish to say that in its
present form it recites certain facts which lam
i not prepared to vote to assert.
i The SPEAKER. Objection is made.
I Mr. ROBINSON. I move to suspend tho
t rules to enable me to offer the resolution.
] Mr. BANKS. I desire permission of the
! House to make a single remark,
i Mr. ROBINSON. I trust if the chairman
j of the Committee on Foreign Affairs is allowed
I to make remarks I shall be allowed to say a
i few words.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York objects.
Mr. ROBINSON. Oh, no; I withdraw the
objection.
Mr. BANKS. I merely rise to say that there
is no official information upon which we can
predicate this resolution or justify its passage,
we have been informed by the State Depart-
ment that the papers in these cases are vol-
uminous, and that with the utmost expedition
they will be prepared for the use of the House.
They may be received any day. I will not ask
the gentleman to delay action upon his proposi-
tion a very long time, but if we can have the
official papers within a week, as I think is quite
probable, I think it would be better for the
persons interested and for the gentleman him-
self to wait for that information, and I hope
he will be willing to delay his proposition for
that time.
Mr. ROBINSON. May I be allowed a word
or two ?
No objection was made.
Mr. ROBINSON. I shall not trespass more
than a minute or two on. the courtesy of the
House. The reason why I urge immediate
uctiou upon this resolution is that we may hsft'e
something done for these men against some of
whom no criminal charge has1 been made, but
who are lingering aud rotting in British dun-
geons, with the worst punishment inflicted on
them which could be inflicted on convicted
criminals.
I wish to have immediate action taken, and
not to have the delay which the chairman of
the Committee on Foreign Affairs [Mr. Banks]
suggests. This resolution is so worded that it
requests the President to inquire whether these
alleged facts are true; whether there are men
now in British prisons on account of words
spoken in the city of New York ; and whether
insult has not been flung into the face of the
American nation by the British attorney gen-
eral in declaring on the trial that he would
make this case a warning to others similarly
situated.
I have been struggling, Mr. Speaker, as the
members of this House will bear testimony, to
bring this question before the House. I want
it considered before we consider the bill re-
ported from the Committee on Foreign Affairs,
to which I agree so far as it goes. I want this
nation to say to England, upon the very thresh-
old of this discussion, that the time is past
when the British lion can trample upon Amer-
ican citizens with impunity. 1 want to tell her
now that if we can get the President, the Sec-
retary of State, and the mind of the American
nation roused from the lethargy in which they
now appear to slumber while our citizens are
rotting in British dungeons, nGt for another
day shall our minister remain at the Court
of St. James, and uo minister of England
shall be received here while that Government
tramples in this way upon the rights of our
citizens.
I ask immediate action upon this resolution.
I have modified it, at the suggestion of gentle-
men here, so as to leave it to the discretion of
the President and his advisers—and no one will
say they have acted unwisely in this matter—to
say whether American citizens have been taken
and, without any crime being alleged against
them, held for twelve months in prison, in the
case of one of whom it was said by the attorney
general that he would ask the court to convict
him on evidence of acts done here; and though
that court hesitated, the outrage was finally
accomplished.
I ask this House not to sleep one night upon
this matter. I say they will be unworthy of
being American citizens if they will stand by
and see the flag of the Union made the foot-rug
of Europe, and our proud bird, which should
soar aloft, cast into the gutter under the ignoble
feet that would trample upon it.
I want this question brought to an issue now.
The resolution has been modified so as to leave
to the President and the Secretary of State to
say whether the facts justify the proposed ac-
tion. I move that the rules be suspended, in
order that the resolution may be submitted and
acted upon at this time.
Mr. ALLISON. I ask that the portion of the
resolution which has been modified be now
read.
That portion of the resolution was read, as
follows:
And in case of such demand being refused, the
President is hereby requested to report the facta to
Congress without delay.
The question was upon suspending the rules;
and being taken, upon a division there were—
ayes GO, noes 36.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. ROBINSON called for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was again taken ; and it was
decided in the affirmative—yeas 97, nays 30,
not voting Gl ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Allison, Anderson, Archer,
Delos R. Ashley, James M. Ashley, Axtcll, Baker,
Barnes, Barnum. Benton, Boutwell, Boyer, Brooks,
Buekland, Butler, Gary, CUuiehill, Sidney Clarke,
Cobb, Coburn, Cook, Cornell, Cullom, Driggs, Eekley,
Ela, Eldridgo, Ferriss, Ferry, Fields, Fox, Getz.Gol-
laday. Gravely, Grover, Haight, liarJmg, lligby,
Holman, Hopkins, Hotehkiss, Chester 1). Hubbard,
Hulburd, Humphrey, Hunter, Ingersoll, Johnson,
Jones, Judd, Knott, Koontz, George V. Lawrence,
William Lawrence, Lincoln, Loan. Logan, Lough-
ridge, Lynch, Marshall, Marvin, McClurg, McCul-
lough, Mcreur, Miller, Moore, Mungen, Myers, New-
comb, Niblack. O'Neill, Orth, Paine, Pile, Polsley,
Price, Pruyn, Kantfall, Robinson, Koss, Sawyer, Sco-
