946
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS,
Fcbruaiy 9,
felJ, Sltgreaves. Smith, Sta rkweather, Taller, Taylor,
liiwrcnee S. Trimble, Twichell, Van Aukon, Robert
T. Vna llorn. Ward, Henry I). Washburn, Welkcr,
"William Williams, Stephen I\ Wilson, and Wood-
ward—97.
N AYS—Messrs. Arnell, Banks, Benman, Bingham,
Blair, Uroomull, Covode, Dixon, Eliot, Fnrnswortb,
Asahel W.Hubbard, Jenckes, Julian, Miilory.May-
rnrd. Morrell. Mnllins. Peril am, Peters, Pike, Spald-
ing, Taffe, John Trimble, Trowbridge, Upson. Cad-
walader C. Washburn. Elihu li. Wasiiburno, William
li. Washburn, Thomas Williams, and Windom—30.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ames, Bailey, Baldwin,
Beck, Benjamin, Blnine, Bromwcll, Burr, Cake,
Ohanler, Render \V. Clarke, Dawes, Dodfto, Don-
nelly, Eggleston, Finney, Garfield, Glosabrenner,
Griswold, Halsey, Hawkins, ITill, Hooper, Richard
D. Hubbard. Kelley, Kelsey, Kerr, Kotcham, Kitch-
en, Laflin, McCarthy, McCormiek, MoorheatL Mor-
gan, Morri-<sey. Nicholson, Nunn, Phelps, Plants,
Poland, Pomeroy, ltaum. Robertson, ScheneK, Sclye,
Shanks, Shellabarfrer. Aaron F. Stevens, Thaddens
Stevens, Stewart, Stokes, Stone. Thomas, Van Aer-
nam, Burt Van Horn, Van Trump, Van Wyek,
James F. Wilson, John T. Wilson, Wood, and Wood-
bridge—61.
So, two thirds voting in the affirmative, the
rules were suspended, and the preamble and
resolution were received.
During the roll-call the following announce-
ments were made:
Mr. NIBLACK. I desire to state that the
gentleman from Delaware [Mr. Nicholson] is
detained at his home by sicKness.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. My colleague,
Mr. Clauke, who never dodged a vote and
never voted wrong, is detained at his home by
indisposition.
The result of the vote was announced as
vbove stated
The SPEAKER. Thegentleman from New
York [Mr. Robinson] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. ROBINSON. I yield ten minutes to
the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Bingham.]
Mr. BINGHAM. Mr. Speaker, I do not
desire to abase the courtesy which the gentle-
man has extended to me; but I wish to make
a suggestion to the House.
This question touches, in the first place, the
peace of nations, and in the next place the
dignity of the American Republic; and it does
seem to me that this House owes it to itself as
well as to the people it represents and to those
citizens whose rights are invaded, according to
the recital in the preamble of this resolution,
to refer the resolution to the Committee on
Foreign Affairs, with leave to report at any
time; or, if the House chooses, to tix a special
day on which the committee shall report I
have no objection. But I beg leave to say to
the gentleman from New York that the end he
has in view can be best accomplished by hav-
ing this resolution reported in such a form as
will give it efficiency.
As the matter stands now it strikes me that
the resolution upon its face puts the issues of
peace and war in the hands of the President
of the United States. We, the Congress of the
United States, acting here under our oaths, can-
not consistently with the Constitution transfer
that power to any man upon earth. It is a
power which the people, in their written Con-
stitution, have conlided to their representatives
ib Congress assembled; and it can be exer-
cised by no other Department or officer of the
Government. It is incapable of transfer.
Therefore, I beg, with the leave of the gentle-
man from New York, [Mr. Robinson,] to inter-
pose the motion that this resolution be referred
to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, with
leave to report at any time.
Mr. ROBINSON. I'did not yield the floor
for any such purpose.
Mr. BINGHAM. I am aware of that; and,
as I stated in the outset of my remarks, I do
uot desire to take any improper advantage of
the gentleman's courtesy; but I desired to
make this statement to the House. I do not
intend to enter upon any formal discussion of
this matter at the present time: but, sir, this
resolution directs the President to demand
unconditionally from Great Britain the imme-
diate release of certain persons. Now, every
man knows that by the universal law of na-
tions, recognized by every civilized Power
npon the face of the earth, it is the privilege
of every sovereignty upon ths globe to hold
every man, of whatever nationality or whatever
allegiance, to answer before its tribunals of
justice for the violation of its own laws within
'its own jurisdiction; and for one, sir, while I
am willing to vindicate the sovereignty of the
American people as one of the Powers of the
earth, I am not willing that the President of
the United Slates shall be invested with this
general authority to demand the immediate
and unconditional release of American citizens
charged with crime before the tribunals of
another nationality.
There is not a man on this floor, not even
the mover of the resolution, who is able to say
upon his oath as a llepresenta'ive of the peo-
ple that the persons named in the resolution
are not held to answer for crime committed
within the jurisdiction of Great Britain. If
they are so held they must continue to be so
held. For my own part, I am willing to inter-
pose the whole power of the nation, according
to international laws and usages, to shield cit-
izens of the Republic from being held to answer
for crime, either before an English tribunal
or before the tribunal of any other sovereignty
upon the globe, when it is made apparent that
the crime for which they are arraigned has not
been committed within the jurisdiction where
they are held to answer. But I repeat there
is not a man here who can rise in his place
and say a single one of the persons named is
not held to answer for crime committed within
the realm and for which he is responsible alone
to the laws of England.
I trust the gentleman will see the importance
of referring this question. There is much in
the bill already reported from the Committee
on Foreign Affairs to indicate the spirit and
purpose of that committee, and the gentleman
ought to be willing to intrust it with this deli-
cate question, accompanied with the instruc-
tion of the House they shall report at any
time—that is, as soon as they may be able to
make u*i a good judgment on the subject, and
report the matter back to the House. It is a
matter which touches the peace of the Repub-
lic , and it is a matter which touches what is
more important than the peace of the Repub-
lic—it touches the honor of the Common-
wealth. I therefore ask leave to introduce my
motion, and let it be considered before the
House.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman yield
for that purpose ?
Mr. ROBINSON. No, sir.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Pennsylvania. Let me
ask whether the preamble does not involve a
statement of facts on which this resolution is
predicated, in regard(o which this House abso-
lutely knows nothing?
' Mr. BINGHAM. Assuredly it does; and
that is precisely what I wish the House to
understand. My friend from Pennsylvania
will notice I said before there is not a man on
this floor who is able to stand here in the pres-
ence of the nation and assert a single person
mentioned in that resolution is not accused of
crime committed within the exclusive jurisdic-
tion of England. Are we going to set up here,
by resolution of this sort, the miserable pre-
cedent that any subject of England, or any
subject of France, or any subject of any Power
upon the face of the earth, is to commit crime
with impunity within our own jurisdiction and
in the presence of our own laws? For myself,
sir, 1 claim as an American citizen whoever,
from any quarter of the world, violates our law
within our own jurisdiction shall be held to
answer for it before our own tribunals of jus-
tice. What I claim for my own country I con-
cede to England, the elder branch of our own
house, and I concede it also as well to every
other Power on the face of the earth; and
because this resolution necessarily involves this
inquiry I ask it be referred to the Committee
on Foreign Affairs.
1 say again to the House, which honors me
with its attention, this resolution in its text,
without stopping to inquire, directs the Presi-
dent of the United States shall immediately
demand the unconditional release of certain
?ersons convicted in the courts of England.
am not ready, sir, to pass any such resolu-
tion. When it shall be made to appear to this
House a person charged with no crime within
the realm of England has been before Iter bar,
and that is made apparent, who was not at the
time a subject of England, but a citizen of the
Republic, I am ready to go as fur as he who
goes the farthest in this path to vindicate the
rights of citizens, whether they are natural
born or naturalized. But, sir, I can see at the
| prime beginning the fact that in thfe very first
Congress of the United States, under the ad-
j ministration of Washington, we did provide
i by solemn enactment, which remains nnre-
1 pealed and unchallenged to this horrr, that a
citizen of the United States offending against
! the sovereignty of the United States, whether
i within our own jurisdiction or elsewhere—I
j use the very words of the act of 1702—or else-
1 where, in whatever zone of the earth, against
j the sovereignty of this country, in levying war
| against it, should be held to answer at the bar
of the courts of the Republic. And England,
following our example under the present Gov-
ernment of Queen Victoria, has, by more than
one enactment, declared any subject of Great
Britain who shall commit offense against the
sovereignty of England or the rights of Eng-
land in any quarter of the world shall be held
to answer before the tribunals of English jus-
tice. I agree England bad the right to so-
enact touching her own subjects, and I claim
America had the right so to enact touching her
own citizens. Having conceded this much, I
claim for myself as a citizen of the United
States that the Government of the United
States has the right to secure a citizen of the
United States, naturalized as well as natural
born, against British justice or any other form
of foreign justice for any alleged offense cob*
mitted not within her jurisdiction.
So far I am in accord with the gentleman
from New York. But I would have this mat-
ter so presented as not in any manner to com-
promise the dignity orthe honor or rightsof the
Republic. I beg the gentleman toconsider that
the citizen, as compared with the State, has no
rights in a controversy like this, for the reason
that the citizen at best is bat for to-day, while
the commonwealth is for all time. I therefore
present my motion that the quest ion be referred
to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, with leave
to report at any time.
The SPEAKER. • The Chair will state that
on Monday, by a two thirds vote, the commit-
tee can be authorized to report at any time.
On any other day it -requires unanimous con-
sent.
Mr. ROBINSON. I desire to say one word
more in response to the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Bingham,] and then, as I have been asked
by the chairman of the committee [Mr. Banm]
to allow him to make a few observations, 1
shall yield to him.
For a long time, Mr. Speaker, this litigated
question has been pending between Great Brit-
ain and the United States. The last time we
had any diplomatic correspondence before the
breaking out of this Fenian business was about
the imprisonmentof a gentleman from Cincin-
nati, whose name was Ryan, and another from
from Connecticut by the name of Bergen. Upon
that occasion Lord Palinerston said to George
Bancroft, then the American minister at the
Court of St. James, that the British court had
authorized the issuing of an order to the police
authorities in Ireland to arrest nil Americans
found on the soil of Ireland. And when Mr.
Bancroft remonstrated against it the insolent
reply of the British minister was that they
would take care of their own concerns; that
they were accountable for what they did and
held themselves responsible in any way the
United States chose to take it up. Mr. Ban-
croft then slunk into silence, ana nothing has
been done in regard to the matter since. That
order was made, that without crime an Amer-
ican citizen, whether native or adopted, travel-
ing in Ireland, should be arrested and thrown
into prison; and several American citizens.
