1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
947
without being even charged with crime, were so j!
thrown into prison. i
Now, I want to answer the gentleman from
Ohio. [Mr. Bingham.] He asks me is there
any one imprisoned or detained in Ireland
now unless 1'or something done within British
jurisdiction? I say, yes ; and 1 guote in the
preamble to this resolution the minutes of the
judge who tried the case, showing that Stephen
J. Meanv, who claimed that lie was a citizen
of the United States, was tried and convicted
for words spoken and acts done in the United
States, and for being connected with an asso-
ciation which was not shown nor attempted fo
beshown to exist, eitheriti Irelandorthe United
States, at the time he visited Great Britain ; and
the attorney general declared that he intended
to make this case an example to show that the
British lion would put his paw upon the Amer-
ican eagle when and where he pleased, and
without any excuse of any transgression of
British law; and these insolent British officials
seemed to calculate that men would be found
here to delay the vindication of the rights of
American citizens until eternity's bell should
ring.
Mr. BANKS. Will the gentleman yield to
me?
Mr. ROBINSON. For a minute or two.
Mr. BANKS. I only desire the gentleman
to consider that he cannot know at all, without
an authentic copy of the record, what the judge
said on that trial. I have no doubt the gentle- !
man has the newspaper information, but it
must occur to a gentleman of his intelligence
that it ought not to be trusted on a question of
this sort. As to what was the claim of the
Crown, we know nothing, sir.
Mr. ROBiNSON. I do know that the facts
recited in the preamble and resolution are sub-
stantially true. I have given the authority on
which the fact is stated. It is taken from a
paper published in the city where the trial was
held and never contradicted, as far as any
reader of the pu blic press knows. And for fear
any cavil should be made I have gone further
and provided that the President of the United
States should be requested to inquire into the
trial of these men, and then, after having taken
what steps he can as President of the United
States, I have, at the instance of my colleague,
[Mr. Pruyn,] concluded my resolution by say-
ing that the facts should be reported to the
House.
Now, I am not willing to refer the resolution
to a committee and have it sleep there. What
has been our conduct here? 1 called for this
information in March last, within a few hours
after our assembling here. But what has been
dene since? How long, sir, mustan American
citizen pine in chains and in dungeons? How
long must they be kept in British prisons before
we can reach some department that will listen
to their cry orshed a tear of pity over the clank-
ing of their chains? Six, nine, ten, twelve
months have elapsed and these prisoners still
rot in jail. One hundred American citizens,
equal in intellect to the average of the men lis-
tening to me, American soldiers, without one sol-
itary fact being alleged against some or proved
against any, lie prostrate and helpless this day
beneath the foot of this toothless, fangless Brit-
ish lion, and we cannot get a vote to look into
the matter and see where the responsibility
should be laid.
Mr. HiGBY. Allow me to say that I voted
with others to suspend the rules so that the gen-
tleman from New York could introduce this res-
olution, not, however, for the purpose of acting
upon it now, for I do not think this House can
resolve itself into an investigating committee
of this kind. I did it in order that the resolu-
tion might go to the proper committee so that
the House may have proper information before
it on which to act. The preamble to the reso-
lution contains several important statements
which the House is called to act upon and say
whether they are true or not when we have
nothing more than the statements of the gen-
tleman from New York. This is a matter of
great importance, and I hope the House will
refer it to the proper committee and let them
report upon it.
Mr. ROBINSON. Now, Mr. Speaker, I
want to say further to my friend from Ohio
[Mr. Bixgiiam] that 1 do not know what he
meant by sawng that we have no right to inter-
fere with the proceedings of the courts in Great
Britain. I know—and the fact is too lament-
able—that we cannot change the laws of Great
Britain, but we can have decent self-respect.
1 know that this resolution, even if the Presi-
dent makes the demand, cannot empty the
British jails ; but we can cut ourselves off from
all communion with that nation that assails our
rights ; we can withdraw our minister there and
ask their new minister coming here not to
present his credentials, but to withhold them
so long as his Government is inflicting these
iniquities and injuries upon us. I know
that we cannot alter the British law; but I
have quoted the words of Baron Fitzgerald
himself in making up the minute which was
taken in one of these cases from the court be-
low to the court above, that there was no proof
of any act done except cnming to Ireland and
having been said some months or years before
to be connected with what they call the Fenian
organization, and if this be true I do say here
thatthePresidentand the Secretary of State and
our minister in England and tfiis Congress and
■ this House would be derelict in their duty if,
believing these facts to be true, they do not
• make just such a peremptory demand as I ask
for here. 1 only ask that the proper persons
inquire into the facts. I allege these facts, and
j I quote the paper with the date of it, which sus-
tains them. The resolution merely asks the
President to inquire into the truth of those
facts, and if they are found to be true to de-
mand the release of these men and then report
to this House for such action as it pleases.
The resolution has been modified in that way
, by my friend and colleague from the Albany
: district, [Mr. Pruyn.] Now, is there any harm
.j in that?
I yield now to the gentleman from Wiscon-
,j sin, [Mr. Ei.dridge.]
!j Mr. ELDRIDGE. Mr. Speaker, I have not
; taken part in the discussion of any of these
questions, not because I did not take a deep
interest in the questions themselves, but it does
seem to me that we have been delaying action
long enough. I have expected, like the gen-
tleman from New York, [Mr. Robinson,] that
the committee having this matter in charge
would have reported something or other before
this time which should seem to meet the case
which we have in hand.
1 cannot, sir, see Unything in the argument
which the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Bingham]
has made. It is true he has talked well, as he
always talks; he has spoken eloquently, as he
always speaks; but what point has he made on
this subject? This seems to me simply a reso-
lution of inquiry. The President is delaying
action forsome authority, as I understand, from
this Congress to act upon this subject. Why
shall we notauthorize him to inquire; and when
it is provided, as I understand it now is in the
resolution, that a report shall be made to this
Houseof the facts of the case, can we not, then,
provide for just such action as is'desired upon
the ease and upon the report?
It is very true that we will hold British or
any other subjects responsible to our laws when
they commit crimes within our jurisdiction.
But that, I'understand, isnotthccase before the
House.
Mr. BINGHAM. The resolution not only
authorizes the President to inquire into the
facts but to demand the immediate release of
these persons.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I understand that the
resoliftion is so modified that when the inquiry
has been made the facts are to be reported to
Congress.
Mr. BINGHAM. The resolution contains
an express provision that the President may
not only inquire as to the facts but may de-
mand the unconditional release of these par-
ties.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Bingham] differs in his construction of
the resolution from the gentleman from New
York. [Mr. Robinson.]
In conclusion I will say that if a hundred
American cilizens are pining in British pris-
ons and suffering all the indignities and cruel-
ties which the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Robinson] describes—and I have no doubt
that such is the fact—it is time for American
citizens at home to act. We have delayed
long enough; let us at all events remonstrate,
and I think this is a proper resolution by which
to remonstrate.
Mr. ROBINSON resumed the floor.
cherokee indians, north carolina.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the
Secretary of the Interior, relative to the pay-
ment of interest to the Cherokee Indians of
North Carolina, under treaty stipulations;
which was referred to the Committee on Appro-
priations, and ordered to be printed.
knrou.kd im-L signed.
Mr. WILSON, of Pennsvlvania, from the
Committee on Enrolled Bills, reported that
they had examined and found truly enrolled a
bill of the following title; when the Speaker
signed the same:
An act (H. R. No. 512) in relation to tax-
ing shares in national banks.
rights of american citizens abroad.
The House resumed the consideration of the
preamble and resolution concerning American
citizens abroad, upon which Mr. Robinson was
entitled to .the floor.
Mr. ROBINSON. I yield to my colleague
from the Albany district, [Mr. Pruyn.]
I Mr. PRUYN. With the consent, of the gen-
j tleman from New York, [Mr. Robinson,] who
| introduced this resolution, and to meet the
objection which the gentleman IVom Ohio [Mr.
I Bingham] has made, I have prepared and
! handed to the Clerk an amendment, which the
j mover of the resolution has accepted ; that is,
if the President lind the tacts in the case of
Mr. Nagle to be as stated he shall demand
his release. It is not now a positive statement
of fact.
Mr. BINGHAM. I ask that that amend-
ment may be read.
The Clerk read the modification of the res-
olution, as follows:
Before the words "the immediate release" insert
the words "jf he finds tho facts to be as alleeed:"s 
that it will read : "And to demand, if he find tho
facts to be as alleged, the immediate release of Wil-
liam J. Nagle," Ac.
Mr. BINGHAM. That is the same thing.
Mr. PRUYN. I wish simply to say, in re-
gard to this matter that I had no knowledge
of the resolution of my colleague until it was
offered by liitn in his place here. In order to
meet the objection made to it by the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Bingham] and other gentle-
men on this floor I prepared very hastily &
modification of it in one very important par-
ticular, which modification was accepted by
my colleague. That modification was to strike
out the latter portion of the resolution author-
izing the President to make reprisals by seis-
ing and imprisoning British citizens found in
this country, and to insert a clause requesting
him to report the facts to Congress without
delay.
In regard to the merits of this resolution, I
think it rests upon a very different footing
from that upon which it is placed by the gen-
tleman from Ohio—that is, on the right of ex-
patriation. I expressed my views npon that
question in a public way a few weeks ago. I
think there is a misunderstanding on the part
of the gentleman from Ohio in regard to the
scope and object of this resolution. If the
doctrine of* expatriation had been admitted—
and I think it will now be admitted by Great
Britain almost ns readily as by us—the cases
referred to in the resolution would not have
arisen, nor would the trials have taken place
to which reference is there made.
