948
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 3,
But the subject is too large and important
for me to enter into it in tliia hurried way and
on this short notice. I trust that this whole
matter will receive the deliberate considera-
tion and action of the House, and that we shall
do nothing hastily, nothing that is not becom-
ing the dignity of the House and the great im-
portance of the subject.
Mr. ROBINSON. Mr. Speaker, I do not
wish to press this subject upon the House im-
properly, nor to have this body take any action
that is not well considered. It has been sug-
gested to me that I should now yield for a mo-
tion to adjourn. I do not wish this question to
pass from the possession of the llouse till
some final disposition is made of it, and 1
therefore desire to make this inquiry of the
Chair: if I should now yield for a motion to
adjourn, and that motion should be carried,
when would this question again come up?
The SPEAKER. If the House should ad-
journ now this resolution would be the first
question before the House after the reading of
the Journal to-morrow morning, and the gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. ItoisiN'sex] would
be entitled to the thirty minutes remaining of
his hour.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope
tbe House will not adjourn now. Let us settle
this question now ; otherwise it may take the
whole day to-morrow.
Mr. ROBINSON. Well, Mr. Speaker, I
desire to propound a question to the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Bingiiam.] He objects to the
President of the United States being author-
ized to make this demand. Now, suppose the
gentleman from Ohio were the President of the
United States—and there might be a worse one
[laughter:] suppose an American citizen, with-
out reference to his birth, (for on this floor we
acknowledge no difference between the native
born and the naturalized citizen,) had been
seized by the British authorities, that seizure
being openly proclaimed; suppose that this
citizen should be so held in custody for six
months or a year; would the gentleman or
would he not demand the release of that cit-
izen ?
Mr. BINGHAM. I will answer the gentle-
man. I cannot suppose such a contingency as
that I bhould be the President of the United
States. [Laughter.] I can only say that where
it is clear to the executive department of this
Government that a citizen of the United States
is held by any foreign Power to answer for an
offense not committed within its jurisdiction, 1
am perfectly clear in the conviction that it is
the duty of the Executive to interpose his au-
thority, and so far as may be within his power
shield such citizen from the penalty imposed
by the laws of that foreign sovereignty for the
alleged crime. But, sir, I answer the gentle-
man further, that if by the intervention of the
President the peace of the two nations is likely
to be disturbed, it is the sworn obligation of
the President to lay the question before the peo-
ple's Representatives in Congress assembled,
to whom alone belongs the determination of
the great issues of peace and war; and let them
decide the question. And I answer the gen-
tleman further, that in such a case it would be
becoming on the part of the people's Repre-
sentatives to refer the question to their duly
constituted organ to inquire into the facts and
report them intelligibly to the House.
Mr. ROBINSON. Mr. Speaker, what the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Bingham] says he
would do in the case supposed is exactly what
we propose shall be done by the President in
this case—the same that was done in the case
of George Francis Train. When Mr. Train was
arrested the President of the United States,
represented by our minister at the Court of St.
James, demanded his immediate release ; and
the demand was effectual.
Mr. BANKS. I ask the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Robinson] to yield to me for
a few moments.
Mr. ROBINSON. I yield the gentleman
five minutes.
Mr. BANKS. Mr. Speak«r, it is perfectly
manifest from the terms of this resolution that
the gentleman from New York does not intend
that we shall act upon the subject now. 'llio
resolution involves a mere evasion of respon-
sibility and duty. It alleges that American
citizens in England are arrested, tried, and con-
victed, contrary to all right and justice; and it
proposes to instruct somebody else to inquire
into the facts ; and if that somebody else shall
find them to be as stated or think them to be
so, then he is to make a demand for the release
of those citizens; otherwise he is to make no
demand.
Now, sir, that is not the business of this
House. If there is an American citizen de-
prived of his liberty by a foreign Government,
and we undertake to defend the rights of that
citizen, we are bound to ascertain the facts
ourselves, and when we have determined what
they are to give instructions to the executive
department of the Government to execute our
will. But to assume certain facts on newspa-
per report to instruct an officer of the Govern-
ment to inquire into them, and if he finds the
statement to be correct to take certain action,
or not to take that action if he does not deem
it sufficiently important, is the merest inva-
sion of our duty and our responsibility which
can possibly be suggested. And I am sure the
gentleman from ^Tew York does not mean to
do any such thing. Here Congress is to call
upon the President of the United States to in-
quire into this case and to report to this House
what he finds to be the fact. If the President
under such order shall delay or refuse to exe-
cute his duty then we should proceed against
him. And it is not right for this House under
any circumstances to delegate this power and
duty, to throw upon any officer of the Govern-
ment the responsibility and duty which belong
to us and which we ought to execute.
Mr. BINGHAM. 1 wish to suggest to the
gentleman from Massachusetts if reference be
made to the Committee on Foreign Affairs,
which I have suggested, would it not be per-
fectly competent for that committee to inquire
at once as the organ of the House, of the exec-
utive department, and report on the facts.
Mr. BANKS. Certainly; and more than
that, the inquiry has already been made, and
the Secretary of State has assured us solemnly
he is lending his utmost exertions to bring this
information to the House. It may come to us
in the session of to-morrow morning. I should
be glad to be able to say when it will come,
but it will not be delayed long. And when we
get that information we will not be required to
evade the responsibility of defending American
citizens, a responsibility which belongs to us,
but to assume it and give the President such
instructions as he has the right to demand
from us.
Mr. ROBINSON. I now resume the floor,
and move to adjourn.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has twenty-
two minutes left.
The House refused to adjourn.
Mr. ROBINSON. Mr. Speaker, I have
consumed more time than I intended, and will
not trouble the House much further. I under-
stand some gentlemen desire to speak, and
I will yield for ten minutes to the gentleman
from Illinois, [Mr. Logan,] who wishes to be
heard.
Mr. Logan did not take the floor,
Mr. ROBINSON. If my friend does not
wish to go on I will say a few words in reply
to what has been said. The gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Banks,] chairman of the
Committee on Foreign Affairs, has said that
we want time to consult the Secretary of State.
There is no man on this floor who respects the
Secretary of State more than I do. I shall
not go into any eulogy or dispraise of him. I
am not here to attack him. I yield to none in
my respect for the State Department; nor do
I intend to bring railing accusations against
any department of this Government. But I do
say, Mr. Speaker, there has been delay, ten
thousand times too long, in dealing with the
subject of the treatment American citizens are
now receiving from the arrogant British Gov-
ernment. Sir, citizens whose blood has deep-
ened the red in the stripes of our flag, and
whose valor is dancing like sunbeams in the
glory of our stars.
Mr. BANKS. I do not want to shift that delay
to other shoulders. I want to meet it here.
Mr. ROBINSON. I want no delay; no
shifting of responsibility.
Mr. BANKS. The gentleman's proposition
is to shift it from our shoulders and to put it
upon those of other men.
Mr. ROBINSON. The gentleman will par-
don me I say.—I mean no rellectfon upon
him; I believe him to be honest and sound
upon this question and anxious to discharge
his duty fully and faithfully to the country—
I say, sir, there is a bundle of dusty red
tape which I want to cut in order to get at
something immediately practical and effectual.
If we wait for the Secretary of State I tell you
he may not send us these documents for six
months to come ; and even when they do come
they will not be more reliable than the Dublin
Irishman from which I have quoted. We have
document, upon document from every depart-
ment, precept upon precept, petitions from
every section of the Union, proceedings of
public meetings in New York, Boston, Brook-
lyn, Philadelphia, Chicago, Cleveland, Cincin-
nati, and almost every city and State in the
Union—all demanding instant action, and that
action I want this Government to take and this
House to take it now.
The chains are on the limbs of American
citizens; the iron of the British despot ia
resting on the bones of sovereigns superior to
their sovereign—with more brain, more intel-
lect, each one of them than their sovereign
has. And while we adjourn from day to day
from our comfortable seats to our plentiful
meals and our soft, downy beds, these Ameri-
can citizens, soldiers, heroes, are insulted in
every quarter of Great Britain. Hundreds of
them are incarcerated, and to their cries and
groans no answer is made but the gibes of the
official turnkey, who insults Americans in every
way he can, and who thinks that the greatest
insult he can fling upon them is to call them
Americans.
I say, while I give the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts and the other gentlemen on the
committee with myself full credit for a faith-
ful, just, and honest desire to do something in
this case, yet I must say we seem to be rolling
a stone all the time up the hill, and before we
get it two steps up we are ten steps down
again. [Laughter. ] So that we would do better
in our diplomacy with that cunning Power if
we should back up against her and try her in
that way.
I want something done and I want it done
now. If you refuse to adjourn let us meet
this question now and put it in the power of
the President to act. Let us ask him to
demand the immediate release of these men.
It has been done in the case of George Francis
Train; why is it not done in the case of Wil-
liam J. Nagle and other men who deserve as
prompt redress as he has received? It will do
no wrong to press the matter now. The greatest
difficulty is delay. We have already delayed
unreasonably.
Mr. BANKS. Will the gentleman allow me
to say that it is the President who delays us,
and if he refuses to answer our call in the first
instance will he do any less in the second? We
have not called upon the Secretary of State,
but upon the President to inquire and report
upon the facts. What is the use of instructing
him again if he will not answer our first call?
And how can the gentleman justify us in shift-
ing the responsibility from our shoulders to his
under these circumstances? I trust the gentle-
man will allow it to go to the committee and
we will give it consideration.
Mr. ROBINSON. With all respect to the
chairman of the committee, while I still give
him credit for good intentions, I cannot yield
to allow that motion. I say even if we have
asked the President to act and he haB not acted,
