1868,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
951
portance, and I am hardly willing that it should
be passed on tiie explanation given by the Sen-
ator from New Jersey.
Mr. l'ltUMBL LL. The bill is printed on
the Senator's iable.
Mr. ULNDEUSON. I should like to have
it reported again.
The Secretary read the bill.
Mr. HENDERSON. I should like to hear
some further explanation. lias the bill been
report sd l'rom the Committee on the Judi-
l'S. FRELINGHUYSEN. It has been.
Mr. HENDERSON. I should like to have
some Utile further explanation, if the Senator
has no objection, in regard to the necessity of
the measure. It is a matter of very consider-
able importance.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. It has been dis-
covered in some suits of the United States,
where they have sought a disclosure from par-
ties, that they have interposed the plea that
making such disclosures in answer—for in-
stance, to a bill of discovery—would subject
them to forfeitures and penalties, and the
courts have recognized that plea as a sufficient
defense against making the discovery. To
obviate that difficulty and in order that the
Government may get such information as is
necessary, this bill has been requested on the
part of the Government and approved by the
Judiciary Committee.
Mr. HOWARD. Let me ask the honorable
Senator from New Jersey whether this bill
takes away from a party thus circumstanced
the privilege of remaining silent and refusing
to answer?
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. No.
Mr. HOWARD. Then what good will the
bill do? The party is called upon to make a
disclosure which may criminate him or work
forfeiture of his property : he lias a right to
remain silent and refuse to answer the bill of
discovery. I do not understand that this bill
takes away from him the privilege which he
already possesses, nor do 1 understand that this
bill requires him to make an answer in such a
case as that. He may still avail himself of
his privilege, as it seems to me. Perhaps I do
not understand the bill perfectly.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. The court pro-
tects a party or a witness on the ground that
his disclosure or his testimony will subject him
to penalties and forfeitures. This bill, of
course, takes away that ground of protection
from the party, so that the court cannot extend
him that benefit.
Mr. HOWARD. It is the privilege and
right of I he party to refuse to answer, and he
must be the judge, if I understand the rule,
■whether the question put to him criminates
him or not, or lias a tendency to criminate him.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I understand courts of
chancery may compel a discovery from a party.
They have that authority under their general
chancery powers. That being so, a party comes
in and gives as a reason why the court should
not compel the discovery that the discovery, if
made, would subject him to pains and penal-
ties. Now we propose—that is the object of
the bill, and the Committee on the Judiciary
saw no objection to it; it is the law now in some
of the States, and we have a similar law in
regard to testimony before the committees of
Congress compelling parties to testify—this
bill proposes that he shall not be excused from
testifying on the ground that the answer might
be used agaiust him in a penal proceeding or in
a criminal proceeding. Of course, the court
would then compel him to aijswer if it was a
proper case. That is the purport and effect of
the bill.
Mr. DAVIS. I understand the bill is placed
upon the old common law principle, that no
man should be compelled to give evidence
against himself in criminal and penal cases. I
hold that that is the foundation upon which this
bill has been introduced. I understand that
the immunity which it gives to an individual is
this: that where he is compelled to make a
disclosure in giving evidence, or in written plead-
ings, where he is compelled by the law and the
words of proceeding in courts to give evidence
involuntarily, any disclosures he makes shall
not be used against him in any criminal or penal
prosecution or any suit that is quasi penal.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is the object of it.
Mr. DAVIS. That is a correct principle ;
it is one that has been embodied in the lawsof
Kentucky, with which I am familiar for a great
many years, and I think the provision of this
bill is a very proper one.
Mr. HENDERSON. I understand that the
bill goes something further than the Senator
from Kentucky intimates. If I understand it,
it is that " no answer or other pleading " shall
be used against the party, no matter how that
answer may have been filed, whether volunta-
rily or not. The Senator from Kentucky as-
sumes that the bill only extends this protection
to cases where a discovery is forced from the
party. Perhaps it might be well enough in a
case of that sort; but the provision is that no
answer or other pleading filed by a party shall
be used against him afterward.
Mr. TRUMBULL. In a criminal or penal
proceeding, not in civil proceeding. The Sen-
ator will observe that theprovision only applies
to criminal and penal proceedings.
Mr. DAVIS. A party defendant is required
to answer, and if he stands out and does not
answer he is in contempt to the court. He
may be compelled to answer, and when he is
compelled to answer, and in his answer dis-
closes facts that would operate prejudicially to
him in apenal or quo si penal prosecution, those
disclosures are not to be used as testimony
against him. That is the whole of it, and I
take it it is a very proper exemption.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
j third reading, and was read a third time, and
I passed.
! INSTRUCTIONS TO GENERALS POPE AND MEADE.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire. I
move that the Senate again take up for con-
\ sideration the bill (S. No. 2G9) in addition to
, an act entitled "An act to regulate the tenure
j of certain civil offices."
! Mr. SUMNER. I hope the Senator will
j allow us to get through the morning business.
I I have a resolution which I wish to offer,
j Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire. Let
the bill be taken up, and then I will give way.
j The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HOWARD. I very respectfully request
| the honorable Senator from New Hampshire to
give way while I call up a resolution, which I
; presented several days since, calling upon the
I President of the United States to communi-
cate to the Senate any instructions which he
may have given to General Pope and General
Meade with regard to the fourth military dis-
trict.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It can only
be done by unanimous consent.
Mr. HOWARD. I do not think the resolu-
tion will lead to any discussion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is there
any objection to the motion made by the Sen-
ator from Michigan? If there be none the
resolution will be taken up.
The Secretary read the following resolution,
submitted by Mr. Howard on the 23d of Jan-
uary :
ltesolved, That tho President be respectfully re-
quested to communicate to the Senate any and all
instructions given to General Pope on his being as-
signed to the command of tho fourth military district
under tho reconstruction acts or at. any timo while in
command thereof; also, any and al 1 instructionsgivcn
to General Meade on his being assigned to tho same
command: also, copies of any and all minutes of the
discussions, opinions, and votes in Cabinet meetings
respecting the construction of said acts.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I move to amend by
striking out the latter clause of the resolution
all after the word '"command."
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The pend-
ing question is on a motion of the Senator
from Pennsylvania, to reconsider the vote by
which this resolution was adopted.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I had forgotten that.
I will state that my motive in moving the recon-
sideration is to submit the amendment which
I have stated.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I now submit i;,y amend-
ment to strike out the words " also copies of
any and all minutes of the discussions, opin-
ions, and votes in Cabinet meetings respect-
ing the construction of said acts."
Mr. HOWARD. I hope the amendment
will not be agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask my friend from
Michigan if it is not an unusual proceeding to
call for votes and speeches made in the Cabi-
net council of the President. Is there any
example of it?
Mr. HOWARD. I believe it is not entirely
unusual.
Mr. SHERMAN. Is there any precedent
for it? If there is 1 should like to be informed
of it.
Mr. HOWARD. Iam not able to say whether
there be any particular precedent for such a
proceeding, but I am prepared to say that this
is by no means a privileged communication,
and that the proceedings referred to in the last
clause are not entitled to be considered as privi-
leged or secret. According to the information
which I have, if the resolution is answered, it
will bring before the Senate information which
it is very material for thein to have at the pres-
ent time.
Mr. BUCKALEW. Mr. President 
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire. It
seems this resolution is to lead to discussion.
I must, therefore, object to its further consid-
eration, and insist upon going (Jpwith the bill
which has been taken up on my motion.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I was just going to
observe that I do not intend to speak on my
amendment. It is one of those things that
are understood on being stated. I do not
wish to delay the resolution calling for inform-
ation which has been submitted by the Senator
from Michigan. I simply call attention to this
latter clause, and move the amendment to get
a vote of the Senate upon it.
The amendment was agreed to—ayes eight-
een, noes not counted.
The resolution, as amended, was agreed to.
GOVERNMENT AGENTS.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President 
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire. I
must object to the introduction of any further
business until we consider the bill which is
before the Senate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill
referred to is before the Senate ; and nothing
else can be considered except by unanimous
consent.
Mr. SUMNER. I wish to offer a resolution.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire.
This bill has gone over for two mornings, and
I must insist on its now being proceeded with.
Mr. SUMNER. Other bills have shared the
same fate. Here is a bill I reported before the
Senator reported his bill, which has been up
two or three mornings 
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire.
The gentleman had the misfortune not to get
his bill up before I did mine.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill
(S. No. 269) in addition to an act entitled
"An act to regulate the tenure of certain civil
offices" is before the Senate as in Committee
of the Whole, and the pending question is on
the amendment of the Senator from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Sumner] to the amendment of
the Senator from New Hampshire, [Mr. Pat-
terson.]
The Secretary read the amendment to the
amendment, which was to add to the first sec-
tion of the amendment of Mr. Patterson*, of
New Hampshire, the following proviso:
Provided, That this shallnot interfere with persons
employed by the Department of State and paid out
of tho contingent fund of th« Department.
Mr. SUMNER. When this bill was under
discussion before there was a question in re-
gard to the number of agents in the employ of
the Department of Stat«. I promised then
