956
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 4,
struggle, had an unlimited right to dictate the
terms upon which peace should be made, with-
out any restrictions by the Constitution or law
of any country. No one will question that, the
executive department ot' the Government was
in harmony with the legislative and judiciary
upon this question. That was indicated in the
• numerous proclamations of the President, and
particularly in his proclamation of emancipa-
tion. Slavery was protected in the southern
States before the rebellion by the Constitution,
but in consequence of the revolt of the slave-
holding States against the Government their
constitutional right to slaves surceased and the
sovereign right of the nation was interposed to
take and destroy the property of its enemies
as the exigencies of its threatened and im-
periled existence might demand. When Lee
surrendered to Grant did not both parties
recognize the absolute right of the commander
of the victorious army to dictate terms of
peace? Did Lee pretend that he or his men
or the rebel States had any constitutional rights
to be considered in that adjustment? When
the arrangement was made between Sherman
and Johnston, in which there was some sort
of recognition of right in the rebel States, that
arrangement was promptly repudiated by the
Administration, and it was held that no rights
of rebel States or rebels were to be recognized
at all, but they were to be regarded as wholly
dependent on the clemency and kindness of
the victors.
I have, therefore, Mr. President, I think,
proved beyond all controversy that in the
judgment of the executive, legislative, and
judicial departments of the Government the
effeet of the rebellion was to deprive these
States of their constitutitional rights. I care
not what phraseology you may employ. One
form of expression seems to suit one class of
persons, another form another class; but the
solid, immovable fact is, as was once agreed
to by all Departments of the Government
and all loyal people, that the rebellion had
deprived the States rebelling of their constitu-
tional rights.
When the winter was over and the spring '
time of 1865 came, with its birds and its flow-
ers, there was a change in our national affairs.
God in his goodness gave us the victory, and
our brave soldiers returned to receive the con-
gratulations of a grateful country, and the rebel
soldiery dispersed to their unhappy homes; and
the noisy, smoky field of battle gave place to
the silent bivouac of the dead. The war had
accomplished its purpose. The rebel State
governments had been overthrown and re-
moved, and now the duty of the civil authori-
ties arose. Now it became the duty of the
civil authorities to replace the rebel govern-
ments by others that were loyal to the Consti-
tution and the Union. When organized hos-
tilities ceased everywhere in the insurrec-
tionary districts there was a political void.
Like the world in the beginning, that whole
country was without form and void. This
may be proved by a very brief argument.
Rebel State governments supplanted those
loyal go vernmen ts that existed before the break-
ing out of the war, and then these rebel State
governments in turn were overthrown and de-
stroyed by the armies of the United States, and
so there were no governments in that region.
If two and two make four that argument proves
that Andrew Johnson was correct, and Con-
gress, too, in concurring with him, that the
rebellion destroyed all civil government in the
rebel States. All the Departments of the Gov-
ernment, so far as I know, acquiesced in that
position. President Johnson in his proclama-
tion appointing a provisional Governor for the
State of North Carolina uses this language:
"And whereas the rebellion which has been waged
by a portion of the people of the United States against
the properly-constituted authorities of the Govern-
ment thereof, in the most violent and revoltingform,
but whose organized and revolting forces have now
been almost entirely overcome, has in its revolution-
ary progress deprived thepeopleof the Stateof North
Carolina of all civil government."
That was the position assumed by President
Johnson, and Congress occupied at that time
and now occupies the same position. To stop
all controversy upon this point, it may be
proper to say that the honorable Senator from
Indiana [Mr. Hendricks] in his speech the
other day indorsed the proceedings of Presi-
dent Johnson from the beginning to the end,
and therefore indorsed the position wliiMi he
then took, that the rebellion had deprived
these States of all civil government; and the
Democratic ponventions which have lately been
held in the States of Indiana, Ohio, and
Connecticut all concur in indorsing and eulo-
gizing the policy of Andrew Johnson. That
policy could not exist unless it proceeded upon
the ground that the rebellion had destroyed all
civil government in the South, and the Demo-
cratic party, if th?y have made any record as
to any question, have made a record that
irrevocably commits them to that position.
I assume then, Mr. President, to start with
the argument, that all departments of the Gov-
ernment and all political parties in this nation
are committed to the doctrine that the rebel-
lion destroyed all civil government in the rebel
States. I inquire now whose prerogative was
it under the Constitution to inaugurate civil
government in these States? President John-
son and his supporters claim that it was the
exclusive right of the Executive of the United
States to organize civil governments in those
insurrectionary States, and that Congress had
no right to say or do anything in reference to
the matter. Congress, on the other hand, claims
that by the Constitution the power to organize
governments is in its nature a legislative act,
and therefore belongs to Congress. This is the
issue between the executive and the legisla-
tive departments of the nation, and out of that
issue has grown this great controversy, with all
its unhappy consequences. Let us look for one
moment to the position which President John-
son and his supporters occupy as to the con-
stitutional rights of the rebel States.
President Johnson appointed a provisional
governor for the State of North Carolina.
Could President Johnson appoint a provisional
governor for the State of New Jersey? Will
anybody pretend that he could? If not, why
not? Clearly because the State of New Jersey
has the constitutional right to regulate its own
affairs, while that right as to North Carolina
had been lost by the rebellion. President
Johnson orders a convention to make a con-
stitution or to alter and amend the existing
constitution in the State of North Carolina.
Could he order a convention in the State of
New Jersey ? Will anybody pretend that he has
any such power? If not, why not? Because
New Jersey has her constitutional rights and
North Carolina has none, President Johnson
defined the eligibility of members to the con-
vention and regulated the elective franchise in
the State of North Carolina. Can President
Johnson issue a proclamation and say who
shall be eligible to a convention in the State
of New Jersey, or who shall exercise the elec-
tive franchise in that State? Nobody will pre-
tend that he has any such power. The differ-
ence certainly grows out of something; and it
cannot grow out of any other fact than that the
constitutional rights of New Jersey in thjs
Union have remained unimpaired, and the con-
stitutional rights of North Carolina have been
paralyzed or destroyed by the rebellion.
President Johnson dictated what they should
put into their constitutions, and he declared
that he would notconsent to recognize the rebel
States unless they made constitutions to suit
his wishes. Recognize the State! What did
Johnson mean when he said he would not rec-
ognize the State ? Did he mean to say that the
States were out of the Union, and that he would
not recognize them as in the Union until they
made a constitution in conformity with his dic-
tation ? Did he mean to say that he would not
recognize their right to representation in Con-
gress until they made such a constitution as
should suit him ? Wrhat did he mean ? Those
who support Johnson in his policy denounce
Congress because it refuses to recognize these
States unless they adopt the terms and condi-
tions prescribed by law, and at the same time
they approve of Johnson's policy in which he
declared that he would not recognize these
States unless they acted in accordance with hia
individual wishes!
This exercise of extraordinary power, legis-
lative, judicial, and executive, by the Presi-
dent, lias been affirmed and reaffirmed by Dem-
ocratic presses, speakers, and conventions, and
the Ajax and Achilles of the Democratic party
in the Senate advocate and support his policy.
Lr t it be remembered, sir, ana recorded that
the Democratic party has affirmed the right of
Andrew Johnson to set up and put in opera-
tion State governments in ten States of this
Union, independent of the power or control
of Congress, and they must proceed upon the
ground that these States had no constitutional
right to make their own governments, unless
they claim that Johnson in every one of the
thirty-seven States can make a constitution and
establish a government irrespective of the will
of Congress or of the wishes of the people.
President Johnson in his proclamations dis-
franchised hundreds of thousands of men, and
the honorable Senators acquiesce in and ap-
prove of that policy; but Congress, on the
other hand, enfranchises hundreds of thou-
sands of men, and it is claimed that it is
usurpation for the legislative department of
the country to extend the elective franchise
while it is perfectly proper for the executive
department to disfranchise by one fiat hun-
dreds of thousands of American citizens.
Sir, there never was a proposition more
unfounded in law than that the power which
Johnson has exercised as to the rebel States
constitutionally belongs to the executive de-
partment of the Government. The Executive
was created to execute and not to make law.
Johnson has no power to make or unmake a
statute; and the sheriff of a court might as
well undertake to reverse the judgment of the
tribunal of which he is a ministerial officer as
for Andrew Johnson, as President, to under-
take to exercise this extraordinary and purely
legislative authority.
Let us look at this subject in the light of
other provisions of the Constitution. Take,
for instance, the admission of Territories into
the Union as new States. When the people
of a Territory form a constitution, that consti-
tution is submitted to Congress, and Congress
approves it and admits the State, or Congress
rejects the constitution and the State is not
made. Congress has the exclusive jurisdic-
tion over that question, and the President has
nothing more to do with it than a private cit-
izen.
I beg here to notice the argument that was
made by the Senator from Indiana, and I think
the same course of reasoning was pursued by
the Senator from Pennsylvania, that Congress
has no powerover a State constitution, and that
the jurisdiction of the people of the State is
absolute and exclusive on that question even
in the admission of Territories as States. For
what purpose is the constitution of a State
seeking admission submitted to Congress if
not for its approval or rejection ? Is Congress
to exercise no judgment over the provisions of
a constitution submitted to it to determine
whether its features are or are not objectiona-
ble, whether its provisions are or are not ac-
ceptable? Suppose the people of the Terri-
tory of Utah should form a State constitution
making polygamy in that State lawful and con-
stitutional, and should submit that constitution
to the Senate, would the Senator from Penn-
sylvania vote to admit Utah with polygamy
established in her constitution, upon the prin-
ciple that the people of a Territory have an
absolute right to form their own constitution?
I cannot imagine for what purpose new
States submit their constitutions to Congress,
unless it is for the purpose of examination;
and if a provision is found to be objectionable,
has not Congress a right to say that it will not
approve that provision, but that when the peo-
ple of the Territory remove it the constitution
will be approved?
