1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
957
If von look at the other provisions of the
Constitution it will appear that whatever con- !
trol there is in the Federal Government over a
State is vested in Congress. Take, if you
please, section ten of article one. According
to that section any State may lay any imposts
or duties on imports or exports with the con-
sent and not without the consent of Congress.
Any State may lay any duty of tonnage, keep
ttoops or ships of war in time of peace, with
but not without the consent of Congress. Any
State iaav enter into an agreement or compact
with another State or with a foreign Power, or
engage in war, with but not without the con-
sent of Congress.
1 do not claim that these provisions show that
Congress has the constitutional right to legis-
late for these rebel States; but I argue from
all the analogies of the Constitution that what-
ever control the Federal Government has over
any State or Territory is vested in Congress.
To make this position wholly impregnable,
I beg leave to refer to the decision of the
Supreme Court in the celebrated case of Lu-
ther vs. Borden, (7 Howard, page 1.) 1 wish
to ask the honorable Senator from Indiana
what impression he intended to convey to the
country about that decision when he used this
language:
" Mr. President, frequent reference has been made
to the ease of Luther es. Borden, in 7 Howard, ail
important ease decided by the Supreme Court of the
United States, and my colleague felt himself justi-
fied, instead of stating what was the force and mean-
ing of the decision, in reading the dictum of one of
tho judges."
One would suppose that some judge in deliv-
ering an individual or dissenting opinion had
8&id what was cited by the Senator from Indi-
ana, [Mr. Morton',] when, in point of fact,
what he read was the deliberate judgment of
eight judges, delivered by Chief Justice Taney,
Justice Woodbury alone dissenting, and it was
upon the identical question involved in that
case as to the right of the Federal Government
to interfere in the affairs of a State.
Mr. CONKLING. Will the Senator allow
me just here to remark that Mr. Justice Wood-
bury in dissenting said expressly that the only
point upon which he dissented was a question
with regard to martial law, which did not touch
the point the Senator is discussing at all, so
that the decision in that respect was the unan-
imous judgment of the court;
Mr. WILLIAMS. I am much obliged to the
Senator; I believe that is entirely a correct view
of the dissentiag opinion. Now, I wish to read
what the Supreme Court said upon this ques-
tion. It would be regarded as a little disre-
spectful for Republicans or Radicals to assail a
decision of the Supreme Court in that sort of
way, to characterize the deliberate opinion of
the court as a dictum of one of the judges.
That is as bad as anything that was ever said
by the Republicans about the Dred Scott de-
cision. Chief Justice Taney—and he ought to
be good authority with Senators on the other
side upon constitutional questions—said, in
giving the opinion of the court in Luther vs.
Borden:
"The fourth section of the fourth article of the
Constitution of the United States provides that the
United States shall guaranty to every State in the
Union a republican form of government, and shall
protect each of them against invasion; and on the
application of the Legislature or of the executive
(when the Legislature cannot be convened) against
domestic violence.
"Under this article of the Constitution it rests with
Congress to decide what govern mentis the established
one in a State. For as the United States guaranty
te each Statea republican government, Congress must
necessarily decide which government is established
in the State before it can determine whether it is
republican ornot. And when the Senators and Rep-
resentatives of a State are admitted into tho coun-
cils of the Union, the authority of the government
under which they are appointed, as well as its repub-
lican character, is recognized by the proper consti-
tutional authority. And its decision is binding on
every other department of the Government, and
could not be questioned in a judicial tribunal."
In that decision the jurisdiction of Congress
over this question as to whether a State has or
has not a republican form of government is
recognized ; and it is also decided that when
Congress pronounces its judgment upon that
question Presidents and courts, all tribunals
and every private citizen in the land, are con-
cluded.
I think, therefore, Mr. President, that the 1
arguments which I have adduced and the
authorities which I have cited show, or ought
to show, to every reasonable man that the 1
exclusive control of this reconstruction ques-
tion is in the hands of Congress. If this be
so, the next inquiry is, how does Congress
derive the power under the Constitution to
enact the laws now in question ? I have already
indicated the ground which I occupy, that the
legal status of these States once defined by
Congress continues until Congress in its judg-
ment shall otherwise declare ; and I maintain
that Congress has to-day as much constitu-
tional right to enact a reconstruction law as it
had to enact a law to provide for raising and
supplying armies in order to put down the
rebellion. The power may be derived, too,
under the guarantee clause of the Constitution,
and I desire to invite the attention of the Sen-
ate and particularly of the Senator from In-
diana [Mr. Hendricks] to what I have to say
about his argument upon that question. Among
the first things uttered by that Senator in his
argument was this:
"First, I deny that at the close of the war there
were no State governments in the southern States."
That declaration does not consist very well
with his vote that these States had no right of
representation in the Electoral College. If
they had State governments, why had they
not a right to choose electors of President and
Vice President and have them vote in the 1
Electoral College? He further says:
" I maintain that during all the years of the rebel-
lion every single act of a southern State intended to
promote the cause of the rebellion was void; that it
had no effect to destroy State institutions."
"Practically tho relations were disturbed; prac-
tically the State was not in harmony with the Fed-
eral Government; but its existence-as a State, its
organization as a State, its constitution, which was
the bond of its organization, continued all the way
through the war; and when peace cauie it found the
State with its constitution and laws unrepealed and
in full force, holding that State to the Federal
Union, except all laws enacted in aid of the rebel-
lion."
Now, the Senator from Indiana affirms that
. the State organization of each of these rebel
| States was perfect throughout the war, that
each of them had a State government, that its
j constitution and laws were unaffected by the
rebellion, and yet he deliberately voted to
deny to those States, perfect States in the
Union, any right of representation in the
Electoral College. It was necessary for the
Senator from Indiana to take that position in
order to assail the reconstruction acts of Con-
| gress. All the effect which he intends to give
to that part of his argument is that no case has
arisen in the rebel States where it is necessary
to execute the guarantee clause of the Consti-
tution, and therefore the legislation of Con-
gress is unnecessary and unconstitutional. Con-
gress, he says in effect, is claiming to guaranty
by the reconstruction acts State governments
to States that had perfect State organizations,
constitutions, and laws at the time they were
enacted. When it becomes necessary for the
honorable Senator from Indiana to advocate
the policy of Johnson, as it is the duty of every
good Democrat to do, he changes his base of
operations, and then it is essential, in order to
justify the policy of the President, to assume
that a c^fe has arisen in the rebel States
where it is necessary to execute the guarantee
clause of the Constitution, and that the Presi- ;
dent of the United States is the only depart- I
ment of the Government that can do it. He
says further: !
"Then, Mr. President, I assume that the power
and duty of guarantying to the States republican
forms of government is with and rests upon the Exec-
utive in any and every ease where the Executive is
called upon to deal with the question, and that when
the war closed the President was called upon to deal
with the question, for it became his duty to see that '
the laws of the United States were executed in the .
southern States, and that they were in proper prac- j
tioal relations with the United States." |
Here he affirms that it was the duty of the I
President at the close of the war to execute
this guarantee, because the question was pre-
sented to him, namely, that these States had
not republican forms of government as required
by the Constitution.
He says, again:
" Two years ago—and I then had the assent to my
proposition by the nod of the distinguished Senator
ironi Ohio, [Mr. Wade]—I expressed as my opinion,
which I hold yet, that byvirtuo of this constitutional
obligation to guaranty a republican form of govern-
ment, it is competent for tho United States through
tho proper department to do what will enable the
people to exercise their sovereignty of amending
tlieir constitution, and biingingit into practical re-
lations to the United States. The President pro-
claimed that when the people themselves have thus
amended then-constitution and placed it in harmony
with the Government of the United States it will be
recognized by the executive department.
"liis purpose, then, was to aid the people, to give
them the suppoi t of an organization, just as Congress,
without any constitutional provision on the subject,
gives the people of a Territory an enabling act, not
because Congress has the power as an original thing
to establish a territorial government, but because
Congress has the power to admit new States into the
Union, Congress may do that which will enable the
people to form State governments. So the Execu-
tive in this case, in my judgment, very properly did
that which would enablo the people to bring their
State into practical relations with the Government."
Now, when it becomes necessary for the
Senator to support the policy of the Adminis-
tration he ailinns that the circumstances of
the rebel States demand the execution of this
guarantee at the hands of the Executive, and
he assimilates the proclamation of the Presi-
dent to an enabling act of Congress. He says
that as Congress enacts enabling acts for the
Territories so the President by proclamation
may proceed to enable these States to resume
their practical relations to the Union. The
Senator has affirmed more than once that the
object of the President in providing these con-
ventions was to enable the people to alter and
amend their constitutions ; but the President
himself said in his proclamations that the
primary object of the proclamations was to
enable those people "to form State govern-
ments." I give his exact language:
"Now, therefore, in obedience to the high ani
solemn duties imposed upon me by the Constitution
of tho United States, and forthe purpose of enabling
the loyal people of said State to organize a State
government," ite.
The Senator from Indiana upon this subject, it
seemed to me, made some very fine distinctions.
He justified Johnson because his proclamation,
as he says, only empowered the conventions to
alter and amend the old constitutions, and he
condemned Congress because the laws of Con-
gress authorized the people to form new con-
stitutions. Does not the Senator know that the
power in a convention to alter and amend a
constitution is equivalent to a power to make
a new constitution? Every provision and fea-
ture of the old constitution may be abolished
and new ones put in their places and so the
change may be completely made; and yet ac-
cording to tho Senator's argument it is consti-
tutional and proper for the President to provide
for such a convention by proclamation, but it
is usurpation and tyranny for Congress to pro-
vide by law for a convention to form a State
constitution.
I maintain that under the guarantee clause
of the Constitution these reconstruction acts
can be fully vindicated. Congress is required
to execute a certain power described in the
Constitution; and the Senator will not deny
that Congress may employ all the means ne-
cessary and proper to execute that particular
power. May not Congress use the military
arm of the United States to execute that power
if in its judgment snch means are necessary?
Cannot Congress enforce any law which it may
euact by tho use of the military power of the
country? Suppose a combination of persona
should resist the collection of the customs at
New York, could not the military power of
the United States be employed to enforce the
laws? Nobody, it seems to me, can contro-
vert that position; and so, for the purpose of
executing this power, Congress may employ the
military force of the United States. That is
one of the objects for which this war was pros-
ecuted, as I think I can very readily show. I
