1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
959
Government to decide upon the form of &
Suite mivernment and its relations to the Fed- \
oral Union, and that tinder nil tlie circum-
stances the course adopted by Congress tor
the rehabilitation of the rebel States is the
only ethcient and practicable one to restore
general tranquillity, to maintain justice, to pro-
tect the Constitution, and perpetuate the Union.
Mr. MOiiUlLL, of Maine. Mr. Presi-
dent 
Mr. FESSEX DEN. I suppose my colleague
is not anxious to proceed at this hour.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire. If
the Senator will give way 1 propose that we
take up the bill which was under considera-
tion djring the inorumg hour.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I have no ob-
jection, but 1 would ask whether this busi-
ness, being t'he regular order, will be displaced
by taking up that other matter?
The PilLSiDEN f pro tempore. It will be
by the interposition of other business if that
other business be left as the unfinished busi-
X1£S8 
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Then I move
that the further consideration of this subject
be postponed until to-morrow at one o'clock.
The motion was agreed to.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPiinitso.v, its Clerk, announced
that the Speaker of the House had signed the
enrolled bill 1,11. It. No. 512) in relation to
taxing shares in national banks, and it was
signed by the President pro tempore.
GOVERN MEAT AGENTS.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Wiiole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (8. No.
2G9) in addition to an act entitled "An act
regulating the tenure of certain civil offices,"
the pending question being on the ainendtnont
of Mr. Sumnkk to the amendment of Mr. Pat-
terson, of New Hampshire.
Mr. SUMNER. 1 hope that I shall not
seem pertinacious when 1 ask the Senate to
con.->ider carefully before they vote down the
proposition. Of course, if they think best,
they will do so ; but 1 submit that there is no
evidence now before the Senate of a satisfac-
tory character to lead us to undertake to make
a change in the practice of the State Depart-
ment. Had the expenditure been large, was
the number of agents large, had not the neces-
sity for their employment been very consid-
erable, then I could conceive an occasion for
the change, but on the evidence before the
Senate 1 can see no such occasion. Therefore
I most respectfully submit to the Senate that
it is not expedient at this moment to make it.
Mr. AN i'HON Y'. I agree with the Senator
from Massachusetts. It seems to me that after
the statement of the Secretary of State which
has been read to-day, showing how the money
has been expended, who have been appointed
as agents, and the very important services they
have rendered, the Senate will not vote to take
from the head of that Department or any other
Department the disbursement of its own con-
tingent fund. It seems to me that if we desire
to put any restraint upon the use of this con-
tingent fund we should put that restraint on
the amount of the appropriation and not in the
form of a direction as to the objects for which
it shall be expended ; and if Senators cannot
place confidence in the head of the Depart-
ment I should think at least they would in the
chairman of the CommiLtee on Foreign Rela-
tions, who has thoroughly informed himself
npon this subject, and whose judgment, I think,
ought to control those of us who have not given
very particular attention to it ourselves.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I think every reason
that would apply to the State Department would
apply to any of the Departments of the Gov-
ernment. I am not sure that this bill ought
to pass; but if it passes in respect to the
other Departments 1 think it should also in
respect to the Department which manages our
foreign affairs. 1 am not a believer in the doc-
trine that the affairs between States ought to
be conducted with secrecy or with special art,
or in any mode calculated to entrap any foreign
Power. 1 believe that the transaction of busi-
ness between this and any other Government
should be conducted upon the same principles
on which two honest men would negotiate their
private affairs, and I have never been able to
see why the Government of the United States
needs a secret service at all. If we have affairs
to settle with foreign countries I think we ought
to settle those openly by recognized agents
known to the whole world. Nor do I believe
in the policy of keeping spies in foreign coun-
tries in a secret way to inform our Govern-
ment about their conduct. We have a recog-
nized corps of representatives abroad. If they
are not competent men it is the btisintss of
the Executive and of the Senate to correct the
wrong. If they are competent men to manage
our business I am in favor of leaving the busi-
ness in their hands. We have enough, I think,
quite a sufficient number, to attend to all the
affairs that we have with foreign countries.
There are some reasons that I can appreci-
ate why the Post Office Department should have
a secret service, but I believe the evils attend-
ant upon that system are greater than the ben-
efits to be derived. It is claimed that the Treas-
ury Department ought to have a secret service.
I do not believe in that. I believe that the
laws ought to be executed through the instru-
mentality of officers known to everybody ; and
one of the curses now inflicted upon the people
by the policy that has been adopted within a
few years is the secret service that is supposed
to exist, and the policy of giving the informer
a part of the results of proceedings under penal
statutes. I think that is odious and hurtful,
and I shall vote for any proposition to abolish it.
I am much reconciled to this bill by the fact
that it will tend to wipe out that system of es-
pionage upon the business of the people through
the instrumentality of persons in the secret
, service of the Government. When any man
, goes to see about the business of the people,
! whether they are transacting their business
! honestly, he ought to go with an open commis-
i sion known to everybody. I have no idea that
I the Government should become a spy upon the
I business of the people. It is disgusting to me,
! and I think the whole service of that sort ought
I to be abolished. I am not sure that I shall
! vote for this bill because of one provision. I
do not think the Constitution contemplates
that an office of such inferior grade as the agent
of aDepartment should come before the Senate
for confirmation. I think the Secretary ought
to be left to select such necessary agents as the
business of the Department may require with-
out sending their names to the Senate, though
that is not of much consequence. 1 hav« not
a very great objection to it, yet I think it is go-
ing beyond the point contemplated by the Con-
stitution. I shall vote, for the present, against
the amendment proposed by the Senator from
Massachusetts.
Mr. CAMERON. Mr. President, I can see
no reason whatever for putting into the hands
of the Secretary of State, or anybody else, a
sum of money to be used entirely at his own
option. Hardly one man in a million would
use such a sum of money as has been placed
at the disposal of the gentleman now at the
head of the State Department wisely or prop-
erly, or without doing a great deal of wrong.
I find, on looking over an imperfect list, that
there has been expended from one fund during
the last seven years in this way the sum of
$41,193 41. But the Secretary of State does
not limit himself to that one appropriation.
With his fertility of genius, he has not only
embarked in the real estate business, but he
has established a bureau of reporting. In the
case ofSurratt the undertook to publish a re-
port of that trial. He employed reporters,
and the source of their compensation may
astonish the Senate. He paid one reporter
$2,250, which he took from an appropriation
made by Congress for " bringing home prison-
ers from foreign countries!" In this way the
specific appropriations made by Congress are
expended. In that same case and from that
same appropriation he paid $-3,000 to one coun-
sel and to another. In the printing of
the report of that trial he could defy competi-
tion by individual publishers, for—porltaps as
departmental printing—he caused it to be done
at the Government Printing Office out of funds
appropriated for Government printing.
To show that we cannot place implicit reli-
ance on this list of agents sent abroad and paid
for out of the secret serviee fund, I learn that
from another source Mr. William M. Evarts
was paid $6,010 86 for services and expenses
in England. To understand it thoroughly, we
should have a return of all the sums paid from
the various sources that have been made to
contribute to such expenditures. I do not
pretend to say that he has done these things
with any improper motive; but I do not like to
trust unnumbered dollars in the hands of any-
body; and therefore I am opposed to this whole
secret service fund. It may be proper for me
to say, also, that since the introduction of steam
in our ocean navigation we get across the
ocean in eight or ten days, and the telegraph
will send a message in a few minutes, certainly
in an houratany lime; and i f ever such expendi-
tures were necessary to transmit dispatches
they are not necessary now. I shall vote for
the amendment of the Senator from New
Hampshire first, because that is a reform, and
then I shall offer an amendment which I think
will correct some of these evils.
Look through the list of names of these per-
sons who have been so employed. We have
not got one twentieth of them; but here are a
few of the names which the Secretary has been
kind enough to furnish us. A year or two ago
he sent Hugh J. Hastings, of Albany, New
York, the editor of the Albany Knickerbocker,
abroad. Then he sent George Ashmun. Then
he sent Edward L. Plumb, whom he has now
got in Mexico, buying land, I presume. Then
a Mr. William M. Walker, a commander in the
Navy, was sent abroad. Then Bishop Mcllvaine,
a good and pure man as he is, and Archbishop
Hughes, and Thurlow Weed, and General Gari-
baldi. Who would ever believe that General
Garibaldi, an officer of the Italian army, was
employed by us as a secret spy to go and attend
to the interests of this country under the pay
of this country, when he is supposed to be a
patriot in Italy warring only for the rights of
man? Then George Harrington was sent
abroad. He was Assistant Secretary of the
Treasury, got sick, and obtained leave of ab-
sence from the Treasury Department to recover
his health, and he was paid as a private agent
by the State Department. Then there is Alex-
ander H. Schultz, a worn-out steamboat cap-
tain—a man who was never fit for a diplomat, I
guess.
Mr. SUMNER. I think that Mr. Schultz
carried one of our treaties across the Atlantic.
Mr. CAMERON. Three or four of them.
Mr. SUMNER. One is enough.
Mr. CAMERON. But why send a treaty by
an agent?
Mr. SUMNER. A treaty cannot be sent by
mail.
Mr. CAMERON. Why not?
Mr. SUMNER. It has not been the usage
of nations to communicate in that way.
Mr. CAMERON. Why cannot the usage be
changed ?
Mr. SUMNER. The mail might be robbed.
Mr. CAMERON. And so might the carrier
be murdered on the road. [Laughter.]
Then a Mr. J. Bancroft Davis was sent abroad.
I never trust these people who begin their names
with a J or an I and then put a large name
between. [Laughter.] Then I find that Col-
onel James B. McKean, a member of Congress
from New York, was sent abroad. General
Sickles, who is a very good fellow, got permis-
sion to go abroad to recover his health, and he
is paid as a private agent.
Mr. SUMNER. Was not General Sickles
sent to Mexico?
Mr. CAMERON. I do not know. Then
General Schofield was sent abroad to reoover
