i8t a
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
961
route agents. It is not ft matter of such great
work as gentlemen would seem to indicate, and
it" the President or the Postmaster General
is not disposed to seud us proper men for con-
firmation, perhaps we shall have to take such
men as thej can get; but the revision of the
Senate will be souie check and afford some
protection.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
underslands that the amendment of the Sena-
tor from New Hampshire was modified by the
consent of the mover in accordance with the
suggestion of the Senator from Minnesota.
The question is on the amendment, as modified,
as a substitute for the origiual bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire to offer an amend-
ment which I have submitted to the Senator
from New Hampshire. Under the forty-sev-
enth section of the national banking act the
Comptroller of the Currency is authorized to
appoint special agents to examine particular
banks in case of alleged insolvency. The pro-
visions of this bill undoubtedly embrace those
special agents, and as they are really paid by
the banks themselves their salary is not fixed;
they ought to be excluded from the bill. I
therefore move to add to the end of the second
section the proviso I send to the Chair.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If the Senator will allow
me I have an amendment to cover that and the
suggestion made by the Senator from Maine,
which is already prepared.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Senator from Ohio withdraw his amendment?
Mr. SHERMAN. I will do so in order to
hear that of the Senator from Vermont, to see
if that is better.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I propose this amend-
ment, which will obviate the difficulty experi-
enced by the Senator from Maine as to the
construction of the second sectiou applied to
the class of officers named in the first; and I
will read it in my place for the information of
the Senate, and the Secretary will be better
able to report it afterward. It is to insert
after the word aforesaid" in line three, sec-
tion two, page2, these words:
And not embraced within the exception of section
one of this act, and excepting regular route agents
of the Post Office Department and such persons as
maybe temporarily employed by the Comptroller of
the Currency for the examination of banks.
Mr. FESSENDEN. T should like to ask
how this bill would operate upon the agents
of the internal revenue.
Mr. EDMUNDS. They come within the
provision which authorizes the Secretary of
the Treasury to emply as many as he is per-
mitted by the bill. The inspectors are reserved
in express terms.
Mr. CAMERON. I can see no benefit to be
derived from the amendment proposed by the
Senator from Vermont. To my mind there is
no difficulty about sending the names of agents
appointed to investigate the affairs of the banks
to the Senate for confirmation. My objection
to all this system is the secrecy with which
men are employed here. One favorite is picked
up to-day to go and examine a bank; next
month some other favorite is selected. Some
particular fellow who can be bought over to
loin a political party will get to be made a
bank agent. I should like to have all these
names sent to the Senate for confirmation, and
let everybody know who are to be the agents
of the Government. In that way we should
get the best men in the country.
So, too, with ronte agents; why should not
those men be sent here for confirmation, just
the same as the names of second lieutenants
in the Army ar^ sent here? We have no trou-
ble in confirming a whole host of Army ap-
pointments, and there would be less trouble in
these mail agents. It would be but the work
of a few minutes in executive session to run
over the whole of them, and then we should
know who they were. Besides that, we should
have a check upon them and a guard thrown
around their integrity. They would feel them-
selves responsible to the public. The public,
knowing them, would have confidence in them,
40th Cong. 2t> Sess.—No. 61.
and they would behave themselves' well, and
public opinion would drive them out of place
if they uid not conduct themselves properly.
In this Government of ours, I repeat, nothing
should be done in the dark. Everybody should
be allowed to see and hear of every official's
acts and doings.
I think the Senator from New Hampshire
has bestowed great thought and time upon this
bill; he seems to have matured it well; and I
would not interfere with it, because we here
at a moment have no time to reflect. He has
devoted hours to it. We get up on the im-
pulse of the moment and make what seems to
us a wise suggestion, and yet it may be very
foolish; and it would appear so to ourselves
probably if we had time to think about it.
When you trust a grave affair to the chairman
of a committee it is always better to give your
full confidence to him. Therefore, I am in
favor of standing by the proposition as it comes
from the committee.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The observation of the
Senator from Pennsylvania is undoubtedly cor-
rect, that we can confirm route agents just as
we do postmasters; and I believe myself with
him, that putting them upon the same basis
that we do postmasters, confirming the most
important ones, whose salaries, for instance,
are $1,000 a year or upward, whatever the rule
as regards postmasters may be, would be a
very proper one. But I do not see any ground
upon which we should leave to the Postmaster
General the power of appointing the small
Eostmasters in the country and not leave to
im the power of appointing the unimportant
regular route agents, who are in reality noth-
ing else but postmasters who are moving all
the time from place to place. They are exactly
of the same character of office. They perform
substantially the same sort of duties. I should
prefer myself to have this bill contain a pro-
vision which should make route agents con-
firmable by the Senate whose salaries were
the same as those of postmasters, who are re-
quired to be confirmed by the Senate. I do
not think there would be any difficulty in that.
But the bill was framed, in the first place,
and reported upon the theory that we would
cut out these special agencies that all the
Departments were employing, generally under
some political pressure or personal pressure
here and there—I will not say from what
sources, probably from all sources. I confess
that when 1 thought the public interest required
it, and when I thought I knew of a good man
to be appointed, as- the law permitted, I have
asked heads of Departments to appoint him ;
and I dare say other gentleman have done the
same thing. This has gone so far that it has
become the subject of grave abuses; and we
[ are all more or less responsible, undoubtedly,
' for the fact that the thing exists as it does.
The object of the bill, therefore, was to cut up
root and branch this irresponsible appointment
| of special and temporary agents and persons
i for the performance of such duties as the
! various Departments might think it requisite
to perform.
I do not think the bill was intended (at least
I did not so understand it) to apply to the reg-
> ularly appointed route agents of the United
States, whose character and whose salaries by
a certain grade are already fixed by law; and I
therefore understood these regular route agents,
as distinguished from the special agents that my
friend from Minnesota alludes to, were em-
braced in the first section of the bill; but that
they were embraced iu the exception to the
first section, which provides that those officers
and agents whose character and salaries are
authorized and fixed by statutes shall not be
! operated upon by that section. Now, then, in
' order to avoid the effect of an additional pro-
[ vision in the second section, it may be neces-
sary to insert—and if there is any doubt about
| it it is always better to insert—the explanatory
i words that I have named, to except those
! named in the exception to section one of the
bill.
' Mr. FESSENDEN. I will suggest to my
friend whether, by a little chang« of the bill in
the location of the sections, we cannot accom-
plish his purpose without any difficulty. Take
the first section, and it stands well enough by
itself. There is no objection to that. The
difficulty is, the second section of the bill comes
in immediately and says that " all such agents,"
which includes every one that is authorized by
law of every kind and discription, shall go out
of office at the end of ten days, and then shall
be sent to the Senate for confirmation. That
is not probably what the committee meant.
Now, if they would let the first section stand
they and then provide in the second the number
choose to allow of these special agents for the
Treasury Department, and so of thePost Office
Department, and all the other Departments,
and then put in the second section that the
agents herein authorized to be appointed by
the second, third, and fourth sections shall be
appointed by the President by and with the
advice and consent of the Senate, that would
cover the whole.thing.
Mr. EDMUNDS. With all respect to my
friend from Maine. I think he is a little mis-
taken in supposing that would cover the whole
thing, because, although it would cover all those
we now provide for, there must still be a sweep-
ing clause which shall discontinue the employ-
ment of every one of those whose employment
we do not intend to continue. Therefore I think
the object is clearly reached by the amendment
I have proposed, which excepts from the oper-
ation of the second section those embraced
within the exception of the first; so that it
leaves the bill by the first section to operate
upon all this class, general and special agents,
as they are called, of these Departments, except
those which are authorized by statute, specify-
ing the character and salaries of agents, and
then excepting by name, to avoid any miscon-
struction, the regular post route agents and
those named by the Senator from Ohio.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If the Senator'samend-
ment accomplishes the object that is all I wish.
Mr. EDMUNDS. There can be no misun-
derstanding if my amendment be adopted. The
only doubt I have about my own amendment
is that it leaves the appointment of all regular
post route agents, without respect to the amount
of their salaries, where the law now leaves it,
in the Postmaster General. I should prefei
myself to put that at $1,000, which I believe
is the rule with postmasters, and have all re-
ceiving that amount of salary confirmed.
Mr. RAMSEY. I think there are no route
agents who receive salaries in excess of $1,000.
• Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not think there is
any above that, and it depends altogether on
their service on different routes, as I suppose ;
that is, you might at one time want an agent
for a particular service, and he would be allowed
a large sum on a particular route, and not at
another time ; but in the mean time his services
might be required on some different route.
That would be difficult to provide for by any
such provision as the Senator speaks of.
Mr. CONNESS. I should like to inquire of
the chairman of the Finance Committee, and
the same question also I should like to have
answered, if he can answer it better or give
any information upon it, by the honorable Sen-
ator from Maine, as to how often agents are
necessary to be employed in connection with
the examination of national banks; to what
extent has it been done, so far as either of the
Senators know; and how necessary is it to
make this exception? I have been thinking
the matter over since I had a few words of
conversation a few moments ago with the hon-
orable Senator from Maine on this point, and
it has occurred to me that these examinations
would nearly always, if not always, be directed
by the Comptroller of the Currency or the
Secretary of the Treasury to be performed by
some officer of th e Treasury Department already
receiving and drawing a salary—persons com-
petent within the Department, holding high
place there, and understanding just what they
should have to do—and that during the depu-
tizing of those persons for shprt periods tq
