962
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 4,
examine a bank where some difficulty was ap-
prehended or known to exist the regular salary
of the officer thus deputed would go on ; and
it has appeared to me on reflection that there
would be no necessity for making this exception.
I submit the suggestion to the Senators, who
ought to be more conversant with the practi-
cal point in question than myself.
Mr. SHERMAN. I gave way to the Sen-
ator from Vermont. I did not understand the
scope of his amendment, nor would I be willing
to vote for it, because I desire to see this bill
passed without being very much modified. If
1 understand the bill, the first section provides
for cutting off all officers whose appointments
are not authorized by law. It being alleged
that many appointments have been made not
authorized by law or where the character and
services of the agents are not designated by
law, this section proposes to cut all those off.
The second section proposes that the resi-
due, that is, those authorized by law, shall be
sent to the Senate for confirmation. That, as
a general principle, is right; but there are
certain exceptions to that which are manifest
to every one. For instance, take the class of
cases of officers whose salary is below five
hundred or one thousand dollars. It is scarcely
worth while to cumber our records with their
confirmation. So, take the class of cases I
have referred to; no Senator would desire
them to be sent here. There are two classes 1
of banks examined. Agents are appointed to !
make the regular examinations from time to
time, and their names might properly be sent |
here ; there is no objection to that. But the |
forty-seventh section of the banking act author- !
izes special agents to be selected to make the
investigation of a particular bank. I cannot
say how many, but probably twenty, thirty, forty,
or fifty cases may occur in a year. Allega-
tions are made to the Comptroller that a cer-
tain bank has not complied with the law, or
he becomes suspicious, from the returns made
by the bank, that things are not going on right.
He designates a special agent, the expense of
which must be paid by the bank, and he is
sent promptly with very arbitrary authority to ;
examine the bank, perhaps seize upon it and i
declare its rights forfeited—quite a summary i
proceeding. The idea of sending the names ;
of those special agents to the Senate would
simply defeat the object of the appointment,
because they must be sent immediately. They
would usually be selected from among the
most experienced in the region of country
where the bank is located, perhaps. All that
power might properly be left to the Comp-
troller of the Currency without objection.
It is scarcely worth while to send the names
of that class of officers here, and they might
be excepted. The amendment that I propose
would simply except them from being sent to
the Senate. Their appointment is now author-
ized by law. Their compensation is fixed by
the Comptroller and paid by the bank, so that the
Government have no interest specially, except
that their work should be done promptly and
well. Their names ought not to be sent here.
I trust, therefore, that the amendment of the
Senator from Vermont will not prevail, but that
we may simply except this class of business
officers from having their names sent here. I
do not think of any other special agents now
whose names might not properly be sent here,
except those whose compensation is very small
or whose appointment is merely for a tempo-
rary period, say thirty or forty days.
jdr. EDMUNDS. Ifehinkthe Senator from
Ohio misapprehends the scope of the bill en-
tirely when he supposes the first section is only
intended to operate against illegal appoint-
ments, and to require all legal appointments
to be sent here for confirmation. That cer-
tainly, I do not think, can be derived from the
section itself. The object of this first section
is to cut off all employment which these De-
partments have made of special and general
agents, which we understand in the main to be
authorized by statutes. Take, for instance, the
appointment of special agents in the Treasury
I Department. The act of 1795, or certainly
j before 1800—I may not correctly quote the
date of its passage—authorized the Secretary
of the Treasury to cause examinations to be
made into the state of the operations in his
Department, the doings of collectors of cus-
toms at distant points, and so on. Acting
under that statute, in the performance of that
duty, for a good many years, at any rate—I
will not undertake to say how far back it has
gone, but a great many years—and without
any abuse, so far as I ever heard, the Secre-
tary of the Treasury has appointed what are
called special agents and supervising special
agents and a variety of officers of that descrip-
tion to make these examinations, to have this
oversight and superintendence of the collection
of the revenue, to examine the books of col-
lectors of customs to see that the entries are
properly made therein, to see that no frauds
are covered up in the operations of the Depart-
ment, a necessary and proper function to be
done by somebody.
That illustrates the character of the offices
which we desire shall be discontinued under
any general authority, and shall be limited, as
the subsequent sections provide, to a certain
definite number of persons. Certainly the bill
cannot be construed fairly, as it appears to me,
to be understood as proceeding upon the idea
that we are only legislating against illegal
employments, and then providing that the Sen-
ate should be consulted in the appointment of
every officer that the law authorized to be ap-
pointed or designated or employed by any par-
ticular Department. The scope of the bill,
therefore, is to sweep out all the general author-
ity which the heads of the Departments—and I
have mentioned the Treasury Department for
illustration—have for the appointment of gen-
eral or special agents to perform the classes of
duties that I have named respecting each De-
partment, but to except from that those definite
and well-known agents the character of whose
duty and the salary of the officer filling the
same is already provided by law.
Then we proceed to provide by the second
section that the term of 'office of all such
officers—and that was intended to apply to
these general and special agents, and the con-
fusion has arisen from the introduction of the
inspectors of internal revenue afterward—
shall terminate at a particular time, and that
in lieu of them there shall be twenty-five or
thirty for the Treasury Department and so
many for the others.
Now, if I am right in my construction of
what the proper scope of the bill is, then very
clearly the suggestions of the Senator from
Ohio ought not to have weight in oversetting
my amendment, which would, being adopted,
leave the second section of the bill open to the
objection made by the Senator from Maine,
that we should cut off every species of route
agent, and every species of other agent, even
those included in the exception to the first sec-
tion, which we have expressly declared, cer-
tainly by our intention in using that language,
shall not come within the operation of the act.
This is all I have to say.
_ The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on agreeing to the amendment offered
by the Senator from Vermont.
Mr. CAMERON called for the yeas and ;
nays, and they were ordered. i
Mr. CONKLING. It seems to me that the
Senator from Vermont, the author of this
amendment, will on reflection agree with me
that if it is right in fact it puts this bill in a
very unfortunate form. It will be very redun-
dant, very full of apparent provisions, when
in reality it will mean but very little.
I take the scope of the bill to be, in the first
place, to cut up, as a general proposition, the
practice of appointing undefined and special
agents. ^ Then follow limitations supposed to
be sufficient, and if they are not, they should
be made sufficient to constitute the exceptions.
If I understand the proposition of the Senator
from Vermont, it is relating to these words:
Exaept sneh as are duly authorized by statutes
II specifying the character and salaries of the agents so
11 authorized—
I to provide, in short, that the bill shall take no
; effect upon them. Assuming that this is all
i we mean to do, why not simplify the first sec-
tion and all the sections by providing that there
shall be no special agents appointed hereafter
except those now authorized by law and those
hereinafter in this bill authorized ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. That will leave everybody
in that is in now, because everybody that is in
now is authorized by law.
Mr. CONKLING. Not at all, if the Senator
takes my suggestion. Why not provide that
hereafter there shall be no special agents ap-
pointed except those, in the language of this
bill, whose character and salaries are now fixed
by statute and whose appointment is author-
ized, and excepting also those hereinafter
described.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That leaves in office all
those who are now lawfully holding. You
have to provide some means for terminating
the functions of the army that are now roving
over the country under existing law.
Mr. CONKLING. To what class does the
Senator refer now—those who are expressly
authorized by statute and are officers in that
sense, or those who are created in the discre-
tion of the Departments?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I refer to those men-
tioned in the first part of the first section gen-
eral and special agents in general, if I may use
such a term, and inspectors of internal rev-
enue, for illustration.
Mr. CONKLING. Upon the Senator's con-
struction I do not see but that his amendment
defeats not only the general object of the bill
but his own view, if I apprehend him aright;
but I take it for granted I do not. I think I
am right on this: that the first section sets
out with the idea of terminating the tenure of
office of certain classes of men, and those are
all the men belonging to the general descrip-
tion there used, excepting those embraced in
the last two lines of the first section, where
these words are employed:
Except such as are duly authorised by statutes
| specifying the character and salaries of the agents
| so authorized to be employed.
j The offices of these persons by the first
section are not terminated at all. Now, the
Senator by his amendment proposes to provide
that all persons shall cease to be such agents
except those. I ask him why he does not
turn it around for the sake of brevity and mak-
ing it intelligible, and provide simply that
those shall cease to be officers whom he does
refer to. I do not know but that I may be
very obscure in comprehending this, but I am
afraid others may be equally obscure.
Mr. EDMUNt)S. 1 am quite ready to con-
fess that the honorable Senator from New
York would have made a much more perfect
amendment, and I suppose it is only owing to
his indisposition and to the fact that he did not
get waked up in season, that'he did not do it.
He will allow me to say that the difficulty which
arises under the first section is the application
of the first branch of the second section to the
exception in the first. It does not take any
great amount of observation to detect that, I
suppose, because the second section goes on to
say "that the term of office of all such general
and special agents and inspectors now author-
ized as aforesaid.'' Among those '' authorized
as aforesaid" are those named in the excep-
tion to the first section, and described as those
" duly authorized by statutes specifying the
character and salaries of the agents authorized
to be employed." Therefore the Senator from
New York will perceive that the second sec-
tion as it stands now—and I am indebted to
him for the suggestion of the very point—
would terminate the functions of those officers
who are excepted from the operation of the
first section, being those whose character and
salary are already ascertained by law, because
all those have to be appointed in the regular
way, and they go into the Blue Book and all
that. Now, in order to avoid the repeal of the
