1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
963
exception in the first section, if it is a desira- !
ble exception, you must make use of the lan-
guage 1 have proposed or some similar lan-
guage, or re frame the whole bill, to which I
certainly shall have no objection, if the Senate
prefers that.
Mr. CONIvLING. I accept, of course, as
lucid the explanation made by the Senator
from Vermont, ana yet I must be permitted to
say that if the object was to darken council by
words the attempt would be very felicitous. 1
do not know that a man must be able to calcu-
late an eclipse in order to understand what
would then be intended ; but 1 think he must
be gifted with something more than ordinary
powers of observation. It is said that he who
sticks in the letter sticks in the bark ; and my
criticism, i know, is somewhat iu violation of
that principle. 1 object to the amendment of
the Senator from Vermont, however, upon es-
fiential grounds. 1 do not believe iu it at all,
and 1 will tell you why.
There are troubles, no doubt, both ways in
fixing this matter, it is said that if we do what
the honorable Senator from New Hampshire
intended we shall leave the heads of Depart-
ments destitute of authority which in certain
contingencies may be useful. That is always
the infelicity of limiting power. The best
measure of power, if you could only be certain
that it would be discreetly, wisely, and justly
exercised, would be to make it absolute. The
mors power the better, if you are only sure of
its use. If, on the contrary, you are insecure
in that respect it often happens that there is
no remedy except to take it away altogether.
The honorable Senator from Ohio has sin- |
gled out and pointed us to one class of officers
whose destruction he thinks may be injurious.
Well, sir, I confess I am not so sure even of
that. There is a large number of national
banks, and it may happen that in every year
several of those banks will be suspected, from
time to time, of violations of their charter and
of acts of insolvency ; but J doubt very much
whether a fair deduction from that is that it
will be wise or economical to nominate some
person of experience in the locality where the
bank is located, adopting the phrase of the Sen-
ator, to investigate its atfairs. We all know—
at all events all the professional men in this
body know—what the philosophy of that sort
of discretion is.
A bank somewhere is suspected ; a cashier
is suspected ; two parties at once arise, those
who seek to protect him and to carry on the
bank, and the shareholders and the adverse
party, who seek a scrutiny. If the Secretary
of the Treasury, no matter how good his in-
tentions -may be and how deserving he may
be, is to act here in selecting an agent in the
remote locality, the chances, I think, are
greatly more than even that the person he
selects will be in the interest of one party or
the other; whereas if he sends some one of the
experts with whom his Department abounds—
I cannot doubt that there are enough there
now to investigate all the lame and disabled
banks and all the banks that are not disabled
that exist in this country—if the law required
him to send some one of these multitudinous
persons to make the investigation I tun in-
clined to think, in the long run, it would turn
out that even in that particular this bill has
not been too sweeping. However, sir, I defer
to the betten judgment of the Senator from
Ohio in that respuct, and I propose to make
my remarks apply to the general aspects of
the bill.
It has been said that the Post Office Depart-
ment should be left in the possession of more
power than it will possess if this bill should
pass; that twenty-five agents will not be enough,
and that others had better not be sent here for
confirmation. I differ from that statement. I
thiuk they had better be sent here. I think
that in that way, and in that way only, can we
put. an end to the lawless exercise of power by
that Department as well as by others that goes
on all the time. Let me illustrate by referring
to an incident with which my colleague is
acquainted. It happened very recently, not in
vacation, so that the tenure-ot-office bill could
be pleaded as an excuse, but during this ses-
sion, and I believe since.the holidays, that the
name of a person was sent to the Senate as a
nominee for a post office, an important post
office in the State of New York. He was a
person exceptional to a great number of the
citizens of that post office district, who sent here
their protest, and in accordance with whose
representations, upon the recommendation of
the Post Office Committee, this nominee was re-
jected by the Senate; the only person who had
been nominated to fill the office since the death
of the previous incumbent, and he had been
promptly-nominated. What do you think the
Post Office Department did tinder this elastic
power which they find in some act, or some
other act, or no act at all ? They took this very
man, decorated with the rejection of the Senate,
and put him into that very office, denominating
him a special agent; and there he is to-day a
postmaster in fact, in an importantoffice, which
position the law says shall be filled by the ap-
pointment of the President by and with the
advice and consent of the Senate; and the plea
is that the Post Office Department, under a right
to appoint agents to go where they choose, into
the heavens above, or the earth beneath, or
the waters under the earth, have sent him there.
Now, I say that I believe the only way to
put an end to this manifest abuse of a discre-
tion is to declare once for all that the system
shall be cut up root and branch, and that when
an Indian agent is rejected by the Senate he
shall not be sent post haste to the city of Ne*
York to perform the most important duties of
the Indian Bureau, upon the pretext that thfe
Secretary of the Interior has a right to appoint
a special agent; and when the nomination of a
postmaster is rejected that he shall not be taken
up in defiance of law and the action of the
Senate and put into that very office, only being
baptized by another name.
i 1 do not believe there is any cure for it except
j a radical cure. The distinguished Senator from
New Hampshire in his meditations has given
us that cure, and he provides that all these
1 agents, in one way and another, shall be cut off,
except those whom he distinguishes by descrip-
tion or by number, and that when r,gents are
to be appointed hereafter their names shall
come to the Senate for confirmation, as the
Senator from Pennsylvania well said even sec-
ond lieutenants do, and an army of others
whose functions, if they bad functions, as many
of them have not, are of quite as little import-
ance, to say the least, as the functions of those
whom we are considering. I am ready for one
to vote for the bill as it is, although it may be
that in some particulars a possible criticism
may be made. I think it is as near right as we
are likely to get it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I am willing to vote
and shall be glad to vote for the principle
which my friend from Vermont stares, and
which I understood my friend from New Hamp-
shire to state was the principle of this bill, and
that is to put an end to the discretionary author-
ity which is unlimited with regard to the num-
ber, and in many cases with regard to the com-
pensation of agents; but I really must say that
: 1 think the bill as it stands, for which my friend
from New York professes himself ready to vote,
is not a bill easily comprehended, or which
can be executed, iu my judgment, without
embarrassment to the public service. For
instance, I should like to know—the sugges-
tion is not original with me—what the first part
of the first section means ? Do you extend to
all persons whatever, whoever they may be,
all agents or employ^ of every kind and de-
scription authorized by law, the provisions of
the " act to regulate the tenure of certain civil
offices ?" If you do, they have all to be
appointed, without exception, by and with the
advice and consent of the Senate. Is that the
object? Do you mean that every officer of
every kind and description, every agent, every
einploy6 in all the Departments of the Govern-
ment, is to be appointed only by and with the
advice and consent of the Senate? If you dof
you are taking upon yourselves an amount of
occupation which you will find it very difficult
to perform ; and you are to meet with certain
difficulties. For instance, take the bank agents,
whose case my friend from Ohio has suggested.
They are appointed for a special purpose, and
they are to proceed on the instant. The Comp-
troller of the Currency hears that a#certain
bank needs investigation—charges are made
against it—and he wants to dispatch a man by
the next train to examine into the condition
of the affairs of that bank. As this bill stands
he cannot send anybody to look into the affairs
of that bank until he has picked out a man,
suggested his name to the President, and the
President has communicated it to the Senate,
and he has been confirmed by the Senate.
Take another case : a certain route agent dies
or resigns, a man in charge of the mail—a
postmaster, in point of fact, as my friend
from Minnesota says—his place must be sup-
plied at once. The mail cannot be suffered to
go under the charge of nobody; there must
be a man to attend to it. According to this
bill before anybody can be sent and be paid—
for men will not go without pay—the Presi-
dent must send the name of a person to the
Senate, and he must be confirmed, and you
know how things lag along here in executive
session.
Now, while I am not only willing but desir-
ous to do everything that can be done with
propriety with regard to limiting discretionary
power in the Departments, I am not willing to
go so far that the proper business of the Depart-
ments cannot be looked after, owing to the
delay that must necessarily arise. Conse-
quently, in all these little questions of employ-
ment, for they are nothing more than employ-
ments, it has always been understood that they
must be left to the heads of the Departments
necessarily, because the action must be imme-
diate, and they are really too trifling to come
here.
The Senator from Pennsylvania spoke of
second lieutenants in the Army. Second lieu-
tenants in the Army are appointed for life;
commissions in the Army are very different
from appointments that may last three months,
or one month, or ten days, or a week. They
are not of the same nature or the same char-
acter.
Gentlemen, in their anxiety to limit power,
I am afraid, may go too far, and go so far as
in fact to embarrass the operations of business
in the several Departments, and if they do that
we shall lose very much more than we shall
gain. Undoubtedly this power may be abused;
possibly, and perhaps probably, in some in-
stances it has been abused; but if you have
officers of Government you must to a certain
extent give them power; you must rely upon
the character of the men and the responsibili-
ties that they assume and the desire that they
have to administer the affairs intrusted to them
well. You must place confidence ia some-
body. Because you happen to get an officer
at a particular time in some department of the
Government whom you distrust, and who you
think is abusing his power, the remedy is not
to embarrass whoever may happen to fill that
department so that he cannot possibly do the
business of the department well. There is the
trouble about this thing and about these small
employes, men who are employed from time
to time, and must be employed upon the
instant.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire. I
should like to ask the Senator where he finds
the word " employes.'- Does he suppose that
the term "general and special agents" would
cover clerks in the Departments?
Mr. FESSENDEN. They do not cover
clerks, but they Cover everybody that is ap-
pointed by any head of a Department to do
any portion of the public business. I know
the word "employes" is not used in the bill.
I used it as designating the business of some
of these agents. It covers everybody; it makes
no exception.
