966
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 4,
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pom-
kroy in the chair.) The motion to recommit
takes precedence ot' the pending amendment,
and is in order.
Mr. HLN DUICKS. I shall vote for the
motion to recommit; but before the vote is
taken I wish to say just a word or two. 1 was
surprised thai the Senator trom Now Hampshire
should carry this (legate down from the con-
sideration ot the interests of the Treasury to
considerations altogether of apartysort. His
last speech was addressed to the Senate upon
party considerations, the uses that were made
ot these otlices for patty purposes. I am with
him on this proposition to limit and control the
Departments in making these appointments. I
am not with him on tlie question of requiring
the names of these little orficers to come before
the Senate, i think, however, that he is in no
position as a party man to criticise the Admin-
istration uponquestionsof this sort. His party
to-day has nine-tenths of the offices of this
country. I undertake to say that of the two
thousand clerks in the Treasury Department I
cxpect there are nearly that many; I do not
know how many there are; but looking at them
as they pour out of the Department at four
0 clock I should suppose there were two regi-
ments, there is not one-tenth of that number
who do not support the party in power in Con-
gress.
In one office that I heard of there are but
three that are against the Senator where there
are one hundred and seventy or one hundred
and eighty clerks. In one office that I heard
of there was just one man left, finally, that
supported the President and his administra-
tion, and he was appointed at my request—
the only clerk holding office in Washington ]
city, within my knowledge, upon my request.
1 asked his appointment because he had rigen i
from the ranks in an Indiana regiment to be
the lieutenant colonel of the regiment. He was
wounded in battle. I took an interest in him
because he was a pleasant gentleman, and he
wrote me a letter that assured me he would
make a good clerk. I had never seen him in
my life, and after a good deal of trouble I
secured his appointment.
A day or two ago he was turned out that a
man might take his place who had been clerk
to a sutler in the service. When things of
that sort have taken place is it not surprising
to hear gentlemen in the Senate talk about the
use ot these small offices for partisan purposes?
I confess to the infinite disgust I felt when I i
was told that the young man had been turned
out. I felt a pride in him because he is seek-
ing to be a lawyer. He does not waste his
hours after four o'clock, but he attends the
law lectures, and is a promising young man. I
wanted to see him through with it. He has no !'
money to go on; he made no money in the
war, but he lost blood. He has been turned j
out within four days, and a man takes his place j
who was a clerk to a sutler. l!
Mr. HO^ AKD. What are the .politics of
the latter? ji
Mr. HENDRICKS. In reply to the Senator '
from Michigan, I will say that the young man
whom I had appointed 
Mr. HOWARD. My inquiry was as to the
pol itics of the person appointed in his place.
Mr. HENDRICKS. He is a supporter of
Congress; lie believes the President is wrong.
Mr. CONKLING. Who appointed hiin?
Mr. HENDRICKS. I am not going to give /
any names about this transaction, and I would i|
not have referred to it except for the references
that have been made to the partisan uses of
these little offices. He is the only clerk in \
Washington city that I know of who obtained |
his position upon any recommendation from !
me. I may have signed recommendations for ;
others, but 1 do not know of any one in another
Department holding his place through any influ-
ence I have exerted.
Now, if the Senator from New Hampghire
wi-hes to retrench public expenditures I am
with him ; but if he wishes to put it upon par-
tisan grounds I say that he has no cause of
complaint, that the President of the United
States and the heads of the Departments have
left men in office month after month who have
used their influence in every way they could
to break down the Administration, in a politi-
cal point of view, and that right here in Wash-
ington. Then why are these accusations made?
Why is it sought to carry through a bill here
that ought to stand upon its merits, professing
to come from a Committee on Retrenchment;
why is it sought to carry it through on accusa-
tions of a political sort which, I think, are not
sustained bv the fact? I was astonished that
the Senator from New Hampshire, for whom
I have so much respect, whose whole bearing
in this body inspires all of us with the highest
degree ot respect, should have departed from
what 1 think is the legitimate line of debate in
support of a measure like this, to invoke par-
tisan considerations.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the motion to recommit the bill.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire. I
understand that the disposition seems to be
very general to have this bill recommitted ; I
suppose I shall have to yield to that disposi-
tion. I wish to say, however, that if my friend
from Indiana is disposed to support the bill
as a bill looking to retrenchment I hope he
will support it entirely on that ground. He
has no reason to suppose that my remarks,
which he thinks were of a political character,
did not look entirely to his misfortune. I fully
sympathize with my friend in his great misfor-
tune ; but he must remember that these re-
movals from office have arisen since the con-
troversy for the Presidency sprang up, and I
think the candidates ought not to be aggrieved
if they suffer in this way. [Laughter.]
I accept the proposition to recommit the
bill, but I shall really despair of drafting a
bill which shall except every Department of
the Government and yet dispense with any of
the officers now employed. However, if the
bill is to be recommitted, I wish to have the
opportunity of reporting it again to-morrow
morning.
The motion to recommit was agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness.
Mr. SUMNER. I think we had better
adjourn.
Mr. TRUMBULL. There is some execu-
tive business that ought to be disposed of; but
1 the Senate will do as it pleases.
Mr. SUMNER. I think the Senate had bet-
ter adjourn, and I make that motion.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate
adjourned,
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
j Tuesday, February 4, 1868.
| The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
| by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boyxton.
; The Journal of yesterday was read and
' approved.
rock island bridge.
Mr. PILE. I desire to introduce a joint
resolution which has been agreed upon be-
tween the War Department and the railroad
company referred to, and which will not be
objected to, I think, by anybody.
I he SPEAKER. For action or for refer-
ence?
Mr. PILE. For action at the present time.
The joint resolution has been before the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, and they have in-
structed me to report it to the House and ask
unanimous consent that it be acted on now.
It will not, I think, lead to any debate. It is
a joint resolution in regard to the Rock Island
bridge.
Mr. HOLMAN. I ask that the whole joint
resolution be read.
The joint resolution was read. The first sec- I
tion provides that the act of Congress making I
appropriations for the service of the Army for j
the year ending Juno 30, 1808. and for other i
purposes, approved March 2,1867, be, and the
same is hereby, so amended as to authorize
and direct the Secretary of War to order the
commencement of work on the bridge over the
Mississippi river at Rock Island ; provided
that the ownership of said bridge shall be and
remain in the United Slates; and the Chicago,
Rock Island, and Pacific Railroad Company
shall have the right of way over said bridge
for all purposes of transit across the island and
river, upon condition that the said railroad
company shall pay to the United States, first,
half of the cost of the superstructure of the
bridge over the main channel, and half the cost
of keeping the same in repair; and shall also
build at its own cost the bridge over that part of
the river which is on theeast s'deof the island of
Rock Island; and also the railroad on and across
said island of Rock Island ; and upon a full
compliance with these conditions said railroad
company shall have the use of said bridge for
the purposes of free transit, but without any
claim to the ownership thereof; and said rail-
road company shall, within six months after
said new bridge is ready for use, remove their
old bridge from the river and their railroad
track from its present location on the island
of Rock Island; and provided further, that the
Government may permit any other road or
roads wishing to cross on said bridge to do
so by paying to the parties then in interest the
proportionate cost of said bridge ; but no such
permission to other roads shall impair the
right hereby granted to the Chicago, Rock
Island, and Pacific Railroad Company; and
provided further, that the total cost of said
bridge shall not exceed the estimate made by
the commissions appointed under the act above
referred to.
The second section provides that in case the
Rock Island and Pacific Railroad Company
shall neglect or fail for sixty days after the
passage of this joint resolution to make and
guaranty the agreement specified in the act
of appropriation aforesaid, approved March 2,
1867, then the Secretary of War shall be, and
is hereby, authorized and required to direct
the removal of the existing bridge, and to direct
the construction of the bridge aforesaid, and
expend the money appropriated for that pur-
pose in said act; and the said Rock Island
and Pacific Railroad Company shall not have,
acquire, or enjoy any right of way or privilege
thereon, or the use of said bridge, until the
agreement aforesaid shall be made and guar-
antied according to the terms and conditions
of said act of appropriation ; and all acts and
parts of acts inconsistent with this joint resolu-
tion are hereby repealed. .
The SPEAKER. The question is upon giv-
ing leave to report this joint resolution for con-
sideration at this time.
Mr. SPALDING. I object.
Mr. HOLMAN. I think the joint resolution
is so important that it should be carefully con-
sidered.
The SPEAKER. Objection being made,
the joint resolution is not before the House.
Mr. PILE. Then I ask unanimous con-
sent to report the joint resolution and have it
ordered to be printed and recommitted.
No objection was made.
The joint resolution (H. R. No. 193) Was
then received, and read a first and second time.
Mr. PILE. 1 move that the joint resolution
be printed, and recommitted to the Committee
on Military Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
st. george and bootiibay, maine.
Mr. BLAINE, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 656) to make St. George
and Boothbay ports of delivery, and for other
purposes; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
walter plowden.
Mr. LOGAN, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (II. R. No. 637) providing pay-
ment to Walter Plowden for services done the
Government of the United States during the
