1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
#67
late war: which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee of Claims.
APPOINTMENTS OF CADETS.
Mr. LOGAN. I ask unanimous consent to
submit the following resolution :
KfWrerf. That the Committee on Military Affairs
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of re-
porting a bill providing for the distribution of cadets
hereafter appointed to West Point among such col-
leges of the different States as may in said bill be
designated, with the provision th#^ they shall re-
ceive the same position and rank in the Army as
those graduating at the West Point Academy.
Mr. HOLMAX. I object.
CUSTODY, ETC., OF PUBLIC MONEYS.
Mr. BUTLER reported back from the Com-
mittee on Appropriations the bill (H. R. No.
f>OOI for the better regulation of the custody
and expenditures of public moneys ; which was
ordered to be printed, and recommitted.
SUPPRESSION OF INDIAN HOSTILITIES.
Mr. MALLORY, by unanimous consent,
introduced a joint resolution (H. li. No. 194)
extending the provision of an act entitled "An
act to provide for the payment of expenses in-
curred in the suppression of Indian hostilities
iu the Territories of Oregon and Washington
in the years 1855 and 1856," approved March
2, 1861. so as to include certain claims not
now included; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, and referred to the Committee of
Claims.
IMPROVEMENT OF NEW JERSEY COAST.
Mr. HAIGHT. by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to :
Resolved. That the Committee on Commerce bo
instructed to inquire into the necessity of opening an
inlet on the New Jersey coast from the Atlantic
ocean to a point near the head of Barnegat bay,
below the mouth of Metetecunk river, to facilitate
the passage of vessels, to prevent the destruction of
life on the coast, to promote commerce, and to protect
Government property: and also to inquire if the
objects aforesaid will be promoted by the opening
and maintaining of an inlet at that point, the amount
necessary to be expended, and whether an appropria-
tion should be made by Congress for that purpose,
and report by bill or otherwise.
SOUTHERN LAND GRANTS.
Mr. JULIAN. I desire to announce that
if the House should resume this morning the
consideration of the bill (H. R. No. 267) to
declare forfeited to the United States certain
lands granted to aid in the construction of
railroads in the States of Alabama, Mississippi,
Louisiana, and Florida, and for other pur-
poses, it is my purpose to call the previous
question at three o'clock to-day.
OUTRAGES ON TENNESSEE UNIONISTS.
Mr. ARNELL, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to :
Whereas armed organizations known as the "Kn-
elux Klan" are committing brutal outrages and
murders upon white and colored Unionists within
the counties of Maury, Giles, and Montgomery, in
the State of Tennessee; and whereas a state of great
terror and uncertainty prevails therein :
hetolved. That the Committee on Freedmen s Af-
fairs be. and are hereby, instructed to inquire into
these outrages and the best means for their imme-
diate suppression, and to report to this House by bill
or otherwise.
RELEASE OF COLONEL HALPIN, ETC.
Mr. EGGLESTON, by unanimous consent,
Presented resolutions of Lincoln Encampment,
'ost No. 159, Grand Army of the Republic,
Department of Ohio, passed at Cincinnati,
Ohio, on the 23d of January, 1868, requesting
the release of Colonel Halpin and Lieutenant
James Smith from a British prison, where they
are now confined for expressing loyal senti-
ments to the Government of the United States,
of which they are citizens; which were referred
to the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
TREATY REGULATION OF IMPORT DUTIES, ETC.
Mr. MAYNARD. I ask unanimous con-
sent to submit the following resolution for ref-
erence to the Committee of Ways and Means :
Resolved, That it is the sense of this House that it
is inexpedient and of doubtful authority to attempt
by treaty to regulate the duties on imports, orother-
wi8e to i nterfere with the revenues arising therefrom
as established by statute.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I call for
the regular order.
The SPEAKER. The regular order during
the morning hour is the bill (H. R. No. 584)
concerning the rights of American citizens in
foreign States.
Mr. MAYNARD. I merely desire the ref-
erence of this resolution.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I will state
my reason for demanding the regular order of
business. The bill reported from the Commit-
tee on Foreign Affairs will remain before the
House until it is disposed of. Until tliat bill is
out of the way no other committee can be
called. If the whole morning hour be con-
sumed in miscellaneous business this bill may
be continued from day to day indefinitely. I
merely state this for the benefit of the commit-
tees that are behind the Committee on Foreign
Affairs. The Committee on Commerce is be-
hind. It has a great deal of business to report.
But I do not interpose any objection to the
reference of the resolution of the gentleman
from Tennessee.
The SPEAKER. The question now is
whether there is any objection to the reference
of the resolution of the gentleman from Ten-
nessee [Mr. Maynard] to the Committee of
Ways and Means?
Mr. HIGBY. I object to its reference.
The SPEAKER. Then it is not before the
House.
TAX ON BONDS.
Mr. LOGAN. I ask unanimous consent to
introduce a joint resolution providing for the
payment of internal tax on bonds for refer-
ence. It provides that from and after the 1st
day of June, 1868, all United States bonds
shall pay an internal tax of two per cent, semi-
annually, to be collected by deducting said per-
centage from the coupon when presented to the
Treasury of the United States for payment. I
ask that it be referred to the Committee of
Ways and Means.
I Mr. MILLER. I object.
RIGHTS t)F AMERICAN CITIZENS ABROAD.
! Mr. HIGBY. I will now yield the floor to
the gentleman from New York [Mr. Bailey]
for ten minutes.
j Mr. BAILEY. Mr. Speaker, the gentleman
from California [Mr. Higby] has kindly given
me ten minutes of his time. I have sought the
| floor to indicate some amendments which I
I think should be made to this bill. I trust that
I may be permitted to premise that I heartily
j approve the principle it embodies, and will
cheerfully take my full share of the responsi-
i bility of placing this Government in the atti-
j tude proposed. Beyond all question, the bill
! enunciates the will and declares the purpose
j of the people of this country. This being so,
it is imperative upon Congress to give that will
i and purpose this official expression. It is due
j also to foreign States that their should dis-
1 tinctly understand not only the wishes, but the
: determination also, of the Government of the
j United States upon this subject. They should
be respectfully told once for all that the argu-
ment is closed and our decision made. When
that is done they will not need to be further
told that a deliberate violation of the rights
here proclaimed will be at the hazard of war.
And that hazard, I venture to predict, will
never be incurred by any foreigu State. Neither
we nor our children will ever see a war in
defense of the slavish feudal doctrine of per-
petual allegiance. So long as foreign States
can make this a diplomatic question so long
they will refuse to recognize the_ rights here
asserted. But no foreign State will resist the
argument contained in this bill. The just and
righteous position here taken, and which is here-
after to be maintained, will insure to_ every
American citizen, no matter what his origin or
how humble he may be, the freedom of the
world. Then, and not till then, this Govern-
ment will have performed one of its most im-
portant duties. And then, too, the heart of
the naturalized citizen will warm to the flag
which everywhere protects him with a bound-
less enthusiasm and loyalty.
Such, in brief, is my estimate of the object
of this bill. But I think, as others do, that it
should be materially amended. I understand,
from the report of the committee, and from the
speech of its distinguished chairman, that it is
designed mainly to be a declaration of prin-
ciple. That declaration is contained in the first
paragraph of the first section, and is as follows:
" All naturalized citizens of the United States while
in foreign States shall be entitled to, and shall re-
ceive from this Government, the same protection of
persons and property thjtis accorded to native-born
citizens in like situation and circumstances."
With all deference to the committee, I do
not think the language used well expresses the
thing meant. It impliedly concedes that the
protection accorded by this Government to
native-born citizens has not been heretofore
accorded to naturalized citizens. Even if this
were true, we should not embody such a con-
cession in this statute. But it is not true.
Again, sir, there is an indefiniteness in the
protection promised which should not be found
in such a declaration. Naturalized citizens
are here told that they shall have the same
protection in foreign States that is accorded
to the native born in the same situation. What
is that protection ?
Instead of this " glittering generality," why
not declare that they shall receive when in for-
eign States adequate protection of life, liberty,
and property? That is just what they need,
and that would be a definite, tangible pledge.
Again, I respectfully submit that this decla-
ration should by its terms embrace every
American citizen, native born as well as nat-
uralized, so that the paragraph would read:
"All citizens of the United States, while in foreign
States, shall be entitled to and shall receive from
this Government adequate protection of life, liberty,
and property."
I earnestly protest against the next para-
graph, empowering the President—
"To employ all the resources of the Government
to secure the recognition of the principles of public
law heretofore asserted by the Government in regard
to the right of naturalized citizens."
The Constitution provides that Congress
alone shall declare war, and Congress cannot,
if it would, delegate this power. "All the
resources of the Government" certainly in-
clude the Army and Navy. Whatever gloss-
ing the committee may put upon the lan-
guage, such would be the understanding of
foreign States.
Again, this language is undignified in such a
bill. We undoubtedly intend to defend this
principle at all hazards; but it is not therefore
necessary for the nation to assume a swagger-
ing air in its congressional enactments or in
its intercourse with other countries.
But another and an insuperable objection to
this provision is, that it reopens the debate
upon the old question of perpetual allegiance.
We have been trying our logical powers upon
this subject ever since we had a national ex-
istence, and we are to-day just where we began.
The country insists that this debate shall end.
I am for ending it, so far as the United States
are concerned, now and forever. I therefore
protest against the renewal of this discussion,
and I especially protest against this proposed
mode of doing it, namely, with a brief in one
hand and a musket in the other. Besides, this
disposition of the matter completely neutral-
izes the preceding sentence, as was said by
the gentleman from Iowa, [Mr. Wilson,] and
changes that noble and emphatic declaration
into a mere empty vaunt. Again, sir, in
my judgment the exceptions stated in this
and subsequent sections had better be stricken
from thq bill altogether.
Where a general rule is stated with certain
specified exceptions, the rule covers all mat-
ters coming within its terms not so specifically
excepted. But there are many exceptions
that should be added to this list if we are to
have such an enumeration at all. I have no
time to specify. But I think that the bill had
better be confined to the simple declaration
