968
THE CONGKESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 4,
of right, and the announcement of our deter-
mination to maintain it. It will, then, ueces-
sarily be held not to include the cases here
enumerated, or which might be enumerated.
We can safely leave that matter to the judg-
ment and discretion of the Executive.
The hammer is ready to drop ; I can there-
fore only add that I would suggest something
like the following as a substitute for the bill,
namely:
Joint resolution declaratory of the rights of Amer-
ican citizens in foreign States.
Whereas all persons born or naturalized in the
United States, and subject to,,the jurisdiction thereof,
are citizens of the United States, and owo allegiance
to the Government of the United States, and to no
foreign State or Power whatever. And whereas cer-
tain foreign States have claimed the allegiance of
oertain of said citizens, and have violated the rights,
privileges, and immunities of said citizens when
within the jurisdiction of said foreign States: There-
fore,
Be it resolved by the Senate and House ofRepresenta-
tives of the United States of America in Congress assem-
bled, That all citizens of the United States, when in
foreign States, are entitled to, and shall receive from,
this Government adequate protection of life, liberty,
and property.
Mr, HIGBY. Before proceeding to speak to
the question 1 desire to make a proposition to
the House. This is a question entirely new to
us as a matter of legislation, and not only is it
one of very great importance to the nation, but
it is one upon which we have got to get the
consent of foreign nations as well as our own.
Our morning hour is so crowded with reports
of committees that I propose that the House
take a recess to-day from halfpast four o'clock
till half past seven, the evening session to be
devoted entirely to debate upon this bill, and
that speeches be limited to twenty minutes each.
A dozen or more have been to me and requested
a little portion of my time. This is one of those
questions that should receive the deliberate
consideration of the House.
Mr. JUDD objected.
Mr. HIGBY. I do not propose to have a
vote.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Judd] objects.
Mr. BUTLER. The gentleman from Cali-
fornia [Mr. Higby] has consented to yield to
allow me to have read a substitute for this
bill, which I send to the Clerk's desk.
The Clerk read as follows:
Whereas the Government of the United States,
framed by a people made up wholly of colonists and
emigrants from other nations, by the very theory of
its composition declares the indefeasible right of all
men, when untainted by crime against the municipal
laws of their country at the time of their departure,
to expatriate themselves and to form new relations
of citizenship in other lands at will: Therefore,
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representa-
tives of the United, States of America in Congress assem-
bled, That under the Government and by the laws
of the United States it is declared a settled rule of
public law that every citizen of any country not a fu-
gitive from its justice,has an indefeasible right at will
to expatriate himself and absolve hisallegianceto the
country of his birth; and when, under the laws of
the United States, any sueh citizen of a foreign coun-
try ha3 become a citizen of the United States ho is en-
titled to have all the protection at home and abroad
which the Government can afford to any citizen
thereof; and it shall be given to every citizen until,
by removal from its territory with that purpose by a
like solemn act, he shall have renounced his allegi-
ance to this Government.
Sec. 2. Whenever a citizen of the United States
shall be deprived of his liberty or despoiled of his
property in any foreign country by the act of the
Government thereof, he not being held for trial for,
or convicted of, a crime against the_ municipal laws
of such country for acts done therein, his releaso or
reparation for the spoliation shall be demanded by
the President, and upon failure of compliance with
such demand by said Government, or reasons given
tlferefor satisfactory to the President, all diplomatic
and commercial intercourse between such country
and the United States shall thereupon cease until
such citizen be released or reparation tendered: and
the President shall as early as possible communicate
all the facts in relation to the deprivation of liberty
or spoliation of property of such citizen by such
Government and the reasons therefor to th,e Congress
of the United States for its action.
Mr. JENCKES. Mr. Speaker, I give notice
that at the proper time I shall move the follow-
ing as a substitute for the pending bill:
The Clerk read as follows:
_ Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representa-
tives of the United States of America in Congress assem-
bled, That'the right of expatriation, and also the
right of naturalization under the conditions im-
posed by law be, and they hereby are, declared to be
and to have been a part of the public law of the Uni-
ted States, and the executive department of the Gov-
ernment shall insist upon the recognition of these
rights by the Governments of all other nations; and
if such rights shall in any case or in any manner be
contravened by the Government of any toreign State,
contrary to the intent and purposes of this act, it
shall be the duty of the Executive to give informa-
tion of the same to Congress without delay, in order
that means may be taken with effect for the protec-
tion of any citizens of the United States in any rights
which may have been interfered with or denied by
such foreign Governments.
Sue. 2. And be it further enacted. That any citizen
of theUnited States may lose his national character,
first, by becoming naturalized in any foreign coun-
try; second, by undertaking, without the permission
of this Government, the performance of public duties
under a foreign Government; third, by making his
domicile in any foreign country without intent to re-
turn. But no residence for the purpose of commerce
shall bo considered as made without intent to return.
Sec. 3. And be it further cnacted. That citizens of the
United States in every part of the world, while en-
gaged upon lawful business, shall be entitled to and
shall receive such protection as this Government has
the power to afford to their persons and property,
and the executive department of the Government
shall see that such protection is given, and that the
rights of American citizens shall be recognized in
every foreign State; but such protection shall not
be accorded to the following classes of persons, and
the Executive shall notinterfere in their behalf after
their quality shall have been ascertained :
First. Those who have renounced their citizenship
in either of the modes described in the preceding
section.
Second. Those who may be guilty of any crime
against the laws of any foreign State, committed
within its jurisdiction.
Third. Those who, by treason or any other crime
against the United States, shall have torfcited their
rights as citizons of the United States.
Fourth. Those who shall havo been absent from
the United States for more than live years continu-
ously, and who shall havo failed to make return of
their income and property for taxation, and shall
have paid taxes in the district and State within the
United States where they have each had their last
domicile during each year of such absence, in the
manner required by the laws of the UnitedStates and
of such State.
Fifth. Those who shall engage in the service of any
foreign belligerent, contrary to the provisions of the
neutrality laws of the United States.
Sixth. Those who may connect themselves with
any association in any foreign country, whose organ-
ization requires citizenship of such country as a quali-
fication for membership thereof.
Seventh. Those naturalized citizens who shall re-
turn to the country of their birth with intent to re-
sume a domicile therein, which intent shall be
presumed from five years' continuous residence in
the native country of any such naturalized citizen,
or from the establishment of any business therein
which requires his peisonal attention, and which
denotes an intention of remaining a permanent resi-
dent.
Eighth. Those persons who have procured the evi-
dence of naturalization by misrepresentation or
fraud in regard to residence or otherwise.
Ninth. Those who have deserted from actual ser-
vice in tho army or navy of any foreign State, or
who, owing military service to their native country,
have left it to avoid a conscription actually ordered.
"Sec. 4. And be it further enactcd. That any citizen
of the United States who shall have lost or renounced
his citizenship in either of the modes hereinbefore
Set forth, may again become entitled to the same by
resuming his permanent residence in any State or
Territory thereof, and by making declaration of his
intent to resume his citizenship in the clerk's office
of any court of the United States.
Mr. HIGBY. Mr. Speaker, how much time
have I left?
The SPEAKER. Ten minutes.
Mr. HIGBY. Mr. Speaker, up to this time
in the history of our country there has been no
legislation on the question now before the
House, and we are now about to enter upon a
policy of deciding who is a citizen of the Uni-
ted States, and how far the power of this Gov-
ernment shall go to defend him as such, and
the law which shall be passed by the Congress
of the United States is not one that addresses
itself to the citizens thereof alone, but it must
be so well founded injustice, must be so clearly
defined, that it will address itself to the good
sense and the common sentiment of all the
civilized nations of the earth. For that reason,
sir, it becomes us to be deliberate in its con-
sideration, and to know we have settled upon
a policy which shall be one so righteous that we
can plant our feet upon it and pledge the whole
power of the nation to its (lefin-e. The bill
as it was reported from the Committee on
Foreign Affairs is very good in pat t, yet excep-
tions are taken, and I think properly taken, to
it. Propositions have beea.offered in connec-
tion with that bill, and among them all I have
no doubt we can sift out a policy which will be
right and just.
Sir, the war of 1812 arose out of the very
principles involved in this bill. Yet, after
three years of war we failed to settle that im-
portant question. In the treaty of peace not
one word was said in reference to it; and to-
day we are just as much at sea as we were
when that war commenced. That same Power
across the ocean that was so aggressive upon
the rights of this nation when its strength was
only a tithe of what it now is is as aggressive
to-day as it was then. And so, sir, it will
continue to be, saying nothing of other nations
in the rights they assert, until this Government
has a settled policy upon this question, and we
are of one heart and one arm in its defense.
I have deemed this question of more import-
ance and one deserving of more consideration
by this House, as it is one that addresses itself
to no class of our citizens, to no sect, to no
political party, but addresses itself to every
citizen of this nation who has its welfare at
heart. I hope the Committee on Foreign
Affairs will leave this question open from day
to day before the House, so that every part of
this bill shall be thoroughly and impartially
examined and criticised until we can get it so
perfect that every member of the House can
give it his support.
It is of special importance, also, for this rea-
son : the nation whose conduct now calls for
our prompt action should have an expression
of the popular branch of this Government,
which comes so fresh from the people, that
will show to that nation how unanimous is the
sentiment upon this question; and if such
should be the action of this House we may
find that it will cause a saving of expense not
only to our own Government, but to other
Governments across the Atlantic, and subserve
the interests of peace among all nations from
which international law commands respect;
for I believe there is no question that can come
before the American people that will secure
such unanimity as this one. Then if the con-
duct of Great Britain should be such that this
nation should feel it incumbent upon it to go
to war for the sake of saving its honor that
nation would feel such a power knocking at
its gates as it never yet has felt, and would
find this nation a unit in the great struggle.
Therefore, I say, wheu we are expressing our-
selves in this Hall upon this question we should
have the proposition so framed and presented
that we can be united upon it, and let our
expression go forth as unanimous.
1 will here say, Mr. Speaker, that the prop-
osition submitted yesterday in the shape of a
bill by the member from Rhode Island [Mr.
Jenckes] has, in uiy opinion, less defects in
it than the bill as presented by the Committee
on Foreign Affairs; and yet, sir, whether that
should be adopted by the House as a substi-
tute for this bill I am not prepared to say. If
any gentleman should find some defects in the
bill let I hem be suggested ; let us sift it and crit-
icise it until we get the best possible bill that
can be framed ; and when we have done so let
us then act together without regard to political
differences with reference to our internal na-
tional affairs.
Mr. JUDD. Mr. Speaker, my reason for
objecting to the proposition of the honorable
member from California, [Mr. Higby,] to post-
pone this discussion until four o'clock and then
take a recess and hold an evening session to be
devoted exclusively to debate u pon this question,
was that I regard the proposition now before the
House as of sufficient importance to command
the attention of the entire House, and my ex-
perience and observation have been that even-
ing sessions are rather devoted to preparing
matter for home use than occasions for seek-
ing information from each other and compar-
ing views for the purpose of actual legislation
and business. For that reason, and with no
idea of limiting this debate, did I make the
objection.
When this question of the protection of the
right' of naturalized citizens was first presented
