970
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 4,
been " heretofore asserted.'" And what prin-
ciples have been " heretofore asserted?" Ex-
cept by the naturalization laws, the law-making 1
power has never asserted any principles upon
this subject. The judiciary, upon a direct case,
has never decided this question, and if the
words "heretofore asserted" have any signifi-
cance they relate only to executive action.
The gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Wilson] shows
so conclusively that the last clause neutralized
the declarations of the first that I will not
repeat the argument further than to ask what
" principles of public law have been heretofore
asserted"' by the executive department of
this Government? Mr. Everett, Secretary of
State, in a dispatch of July 14, 18o3, says of a
German who had returned to his native land,
and sought protection against incorporation
into the army of Prussia :
"His departure is of the nature of an escape from
her laws; and if at any subsequent period he is indis-
creet enough to return to his native country he can
not complain if those laws are executed to his disad-
vantage.''
General Cass as Secretary of State, in 1859,
in writing of a similar case to that of Mr. Ever-
ett, says:
" The moment a foreigner becomes naturalized his
allegiance to his native country is severed forever.
He experiencesanew political birth; abroad and im-
Bas'able line separates him from his native country.
:e is no more responsible for anything he may say or
do, or omit to say or do, after assuming his new char-
acter, than if he had been born in the United States.
Should he return to his native country he returns as
an American citiien, and in no other character."
Here are two conflicting principles " here-
tofore asserted" by the executive department j
of this Government. Will the chairman of the
Committee on Foreign Relations [Mr. Banks]
inform the House to which of these principles
his bill refers ? Therbill itself does not say. He;
could not have intended to insist upon both.
The power conferred by this clause upon the
President is not to enforce the first declaration,
but only those principles which have been
'•heretofore asserted," and what those are I
have shown by these quotations. All the vigor
in the bill having been exhausted in these por-
tions of the first section, restrictions, limita-
tions, and provisos begin which are in conflict.
with the principle declared at the commence-
ment of the bill; as though the matter was not
weak enough, it must still be further neutral-
ized. The bill refuses protection to natural-
ized citizens under certain circumstances:
first, "that no citizen of the United States who
is guilty of any crime against the laws of any
foreign State committed within its jurisdic-
tion."
There is no occasion for this proviso. The
law and comity of nations determine this ques-
tion beyond dispute. Every sovereignty has
this power, and it never has been questioned
by this or any other civilized country. Why,
then, force it into this bill? I pass over the
entire failure to define what shall constitute the
crime for which our protection is withdrawn
from the citizen—a very important feature if
this proviso is to be enacted into a law. Eng-
land may declare that it is a crime for a natu-
ralized citizen to land on her shores, or attach
criminality to any other act of a naturalized
citizen, right in itself. Should she do so, then,
under the provisions of this bill, all protection
to our citizens is destroyed.
Mr. Speaker, this proviso goes further. From
the language of it the United States is forbid-
den to see that foreign laws are justly admin-
istered when a citizen is charged with crime in
a foreign land. Can it be that we are to pass
a bill justifying Great Britain in her recent
refusal to allow to our citizens the benefit of
the laws as they stand upon her statute-book?
[The morning hour having expired, Mr. Jtjdd
yielded the floor till to-morrow.]
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour having
.expired, the House resumes the consideration
ofthebill(H. R. No. 207) to declare forfeited to
the United States certain lands granted to aid
in the construction of railroads in the States
of Alabama, Mississippi, Louisiana, and Flor-
ida, and for other purposes; upon which the
gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr. Eldridge] is
entitled to the floor for forty minutes.
Mr. JUDD. I ask unanimous consent to be 1
allowed to finish my remarks. I only want
about twenty minutes.
Mr. HQLMAN. I have no objection to that
if it is the understanding that the vote on the
southern land-grant bill is not to be taken to-day.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from In-
diana [Mr. Julian] has given notice that he
will ask for a vote on that bill at three o'clock
to-day.
Mr. JULIAN. So many members are inter- |
ested in this matter beside myself that I feel |
compelled to object to the request of the gen-
tleman from Illinois, [Mr. Judd.]
Mr. IIOLMAN. I hope the gentleman will
not object, and that he will agree not to call the
previous question on his bill until to-morrow.
Mr. JULIAN. Several gentlemen are ob-
jecting to the postponement of that bill until
to-morrow, and I must yield to the pressure,
although I would be very glad to accommodate
the gentleman from Illinois.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state to
the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Judd] that
it is very unusual to extend the morning hour.
Mr. JUDD. Very well; I withdraw my
application.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will be
entitled to the floor to-morrow. j
MESSAGK FROM TIIE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
its Secretary, announced that the Senate had
passed a bill (S. No. 306) for the protection
in certain cases of persons making disclosures
as parties or testifying as witnesses, in which
he was directed to ask the concurrence of the
House.
DESTITUTION IN THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA.
On motion of Mr. KOONTZ, by unamimous
consent, the bill (S. No. 270) for the tempo-
rary relief of destitute people in the District
of Columbia was taken from the Speaker's
table, read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee for the District of Columbia.
Mr. HOLMAN moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was referred : and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
UNION PACIFIC RAILROAD.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin, by unani-
mous consent, submitted the following res-
olution ; which was read, considered, and
agreed to :
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
directed to infwm this House if the Union Pacific
railroad and other railroads named in an act ap-
proved July 1,1862, entitled "An act to aid in the
construction of a railroad," kc., have complied with
section twenty of said act and made the reports re-
quired by the same, and if so, to furnish this House
with copies of said reports.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the resolution
was agreed to; and also moved to lay the
motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
SOUTHERN LAKD GRANTS.
The House then resumed the consideration
of the bill in relation to southern land grants,
upon which Mr. Eldridge was entitled to the
floor.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. When I took the floor
upon this bill I announced that my purpose
was to " farm out" the most of my hour among
my loyal friends on this side of the House. 1
therefore gave the first five minutes to the gen-
tleman from Missouri [Mr. Benjamin] and the
next fifteen minutes to my sensitive friend from
Illinois, [Mr. Burr.]
Mr. BURR. Did the gentleman say "sen-
sible?"
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Well, I will say "sen-
sible" if the gentleman prefers that word. He
seems to be a little afraid that I yielded to him
under such circumstances as would give his
speech an unfavorable reception in this House.
But I suppose he did not reflect that his loyalty
was guarantied not only by my yielding to liim,
but by the fact that I yielded first to the im-
maculately loyal gentleman from Missouri [Mr.
Benjamin] ami next in order to him, and that,
of course, I did not expect my friend from
Illinois [Mr. Burr] to come quite up to his
standard. Still he seems to be so sensitive upon
that subject that I have thought I would occupy
a few minutes of my time myself and not yield
it all to my friends, for fear that some other one
should feel that my vouching for him might
spoil his speech. Upon this bill I remark, first,
that in my judgment there is no legislation so
vicious as that which originates in passion ; as
that which is to resent some injury or to re-
venge some wrong. There are some men who
never forget or forgive an injury, and in general
they are those who themselves most need for-
giveness. Those who are most intolerant are
the least inclined to toleration. The brave
man is generally the generous man. The cow-
ard and the bigot are cruel and uncharitable.
Charity flows from the divinity of our humanity.
This bill and all its kindred measures are origin-
ated by the passions and feelings evoked by the
war. It springs out of that spite, that feeling
of ill-will and revenge, which the conflict of
blood aroused. It rests upon no principle of
international or constitutional law. It is not
warranted by the external or internal polity of
the nation. It has no foundation in sound
policy or Christian statesmanship. It has no
tendency to effectuate pacification or bring
about the legitimate and avowed objects of the
war ; but it is calculated to rekindle the fierce
fires of war and perpetuate the malignant
hatreds and bitter animosities which war
always engenders.
The terms of the bill, the language used, are
in clear and unmistakable violation of the ex-
press provisions of the Constitution. It pro-
vides for the forfeiture of lands heretofore
granted to these States and that the forfeiture
is to be declared by act of Congress. Where
is the constitutional warrant for Congress to
declare the rights and interests of States for-
feited by this bill? I care not what the inter-
est of the States is—whether it is great or small,
whether it is of much or insignificant value,
whether it is vested, absolute, or contingent—
it is the same in principle. The right to for-
feit or declare these interests and rights for-
feited by act of Congress I most solemnly and
positively deny. That these States have some
rights or interest in these lands is clearly if
not expressly admitted by the bill. The term
"forfeiture" itself implies something to for-
i feit, something of which the States are to be
1 deprived, some interest to be taken away. If
j they have no interest, if they have already been
1 divested by lapse of time, by operation of law,
1 as some gentlemen have seemed to intimate,
what is, what can be, the necessity or object
of declaring the lands forfeited to the United
States? Why declare forfeit what has been
, already forfeited ? Sir, this is a bill of attain-
j der ; it is nothing less in substance or effect;
and a bill of attainder, too, against these States,
[ States of this Union. All those who have advo-
! cated it on this floor have advocated it as such,
; have advocated it as a measure for the punish-
i ment of the people of those States.
I Mr. WILLIAMS, of Pennsylvania. Will
the gentleman allow me to interrupt him for
a moment?
Mr. ELDRIDGE. For a question, yes.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Pennsylvania. Will the
gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr. Eldridge]
undertake to say, as a lawyer—and I know he
is a good one—that an entry for a condition
broken is in the nature of a penalty?
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I deny that this bill is
any such thing. It declares a forfeiture to the
United States. It is not a mere entry for a
condition broken ; not a taking possession, but
the declaration of the forfeiture of some interest,
of the interest granted to those States.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Pennsylvania. The
gentleman says this is mere declaration of a
forfeiture which has already taken place.
