1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
971
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I beg the gentleman's
pardon. I did not say that. I do not so un-
derstand it. •
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Pennsylvania. Hasthe
gentleman looked at the language of the acts
of Congress? If so, will he state whether the
estates conferred by those acts have not ex-
pired by their own limitation?
Mr. ELDRIDGE. That may be the gentle-
man's opinion ; but it is not the opinion of the
gentleman who introduced this bill, [Mr. Ju-
lias,] as advocated and urged upon the House
by him, nor is it mine. He introduces it and
advocates it for the purpose of forfeiting some*
thing—the grants made to these States or the
interests so granted—and, taken in the sense
and for the purpose which it is urged, it is
most unquestionably one of those bills intended
to be inhibited by the Constitution'—"'No bill
of attainderor ex post facto law shall be passed.''
The real intention and object is to punish
States or the people of the States—men who
were supposed to be disloyal during the war.
Disguise it as you may, the real, yea, the
avowed, purpose is to punish for disloyalty—
disloyalty during the war. It is to inflict a pun-
ishment by the bill not provided for by law
when the act was committed. It is not because
the time for completing the railroads, the con-
dition of the grants, has elapsed—that is
scarcely the pretense. It has never been the
practice or policy of the Government to take
advantage of this condition or insist upon strict
performance in regard to time. All its prac-
tice, all the precedents, are against it. At every
session of Congress we have passed acts to ex-
tend the time for building these land-grant
roads, and other bills are now pending for that
purpose.
The moving motive is to punish rebels, and
to punish them for past acts, for past conduct,
by act of Congress. This is the very thing the
Constitution is intended to prohibit. It is upon
this ground alone that gentlemen are able to
make a distinction between the South and the
West—to find a reason for extending the time
for completing the roads in the one locality,
and insist upon strict performance and for-
feiture in the other. In regard to the West,
they follow the long-established practice of the
Government and extend the time, but they
would punish the South by declaring their
rights forfeited by act of Congress.
Bat what good is expected to flow from these
measures, what good purpose are they to sub-
serve ? Are they expected to bring peace, pros-
perity, and happiness to the nation, to restore
that feeling of amity and good will which has
ever been, and must ever form, the true bond
of union among the people of this country ?
Sir, the people of the North and South have
been alienated and embittered toward each
other by war, and these and all such measures
are calculated to continue and perpetuate the
same state of things. The greatest waut, the
greatest necessity of the country, the all-ab-
sorbing cry and prayer of all patriotic men,
are for peace and fraternity again in this land ;
the faiflshing and starving thousands, the crip-
pled and burdened interests, the confused and
embarrassed finances, can never be relieved but
by the full and complete restoration of peaee
and friendship between the sections. This bill j
is calculated to have just the opposite effect.
In and of itself, so far as the value of the ma-
terial interests it is calculated directly to affect
is concerned, it is of little consequence. But
its moral consequences are far greater. It
speaks to the already down-trodden and bro-
ken-spirited people of those States, in a voice
not to be mistaken, the malignant feeling, the
revengeful passion cherished toward them. It
tells them the war is not over ; that the con-
queror is not yet satisfied ; that submission has
not brought peace ; that they have only bowed
their necks to the foot of the oppressor; that
victory was not all that was sought: that it is
not restoration ; that more blood is demanded ;
that submission was destruction : and restora-
tion is the overthrow of civil government and
the establishment of military despotism.
Sir, it is not that these lands are needed for
homesteads that the States are to be deprived
of them. Lands are of no consequence, of no
value, in the South without peace. Plantations
and fartni with large improvements and once
of great value can be bought there for a song
almost. They can be rented and cultivated for
the taxes nlone. Millions of acres are now
subject to the homestead law. Good lands as
there are in the world can be had almost for
nothing—for the occupation. This bill is the
carrying out of a plan, a systematic and deter-
mined policy of ruin and destruction to the
white people of the southern States. It is the
execution of a purpose to overthrow and break
down the material and property interests of the
white men, and subject them and all the vast
interests of those States and people to the su-
premacy and domination of the African. The
Devil himself could scarcely be more infernally
energetic and ingenious or more successful in
inventing the means of torture in his own
dominions than are those who are now admin-
istering upon the estates and interests of these
States in seeking their humiliation and debase-
ment. Everything is done to destroy, nothing
to build up ; everything to alienate and embit-
ter, nothing to soften asperities or restore
amity and fraternity.
But, Mr. Speaker, the great object which
this Government has had heretofore in making
these grants to railroads is entirely ignored by
the gentlemen who have argued in favor of this
bill. The object and purpose of granting lands
to railroads was never to enrich corporators
or to enrich individuals, but it was to open up
the vast unsettled regions to the people of this
country. It was not to help any one man or
set of men, but for the purpose of increasing
the settlement and occupation of those regions,
and increasing the resources of the country.
Gentlemen talk about enriching rebel cor-
porators ! Now, I ask those gentlemen if thejf
know of an instance where the corporators of
a railroad, loyal or disloyal, were ever made
rich by a land grant? I have been somewhat
acquainted with railroad operations, but I
have never known an instance where men, in-
dividuals, were ever enriched by the grant of
lands to their corporations. Those grants are
generally made to corporations that are ex-
tending their enterprises into unsettled regions
of country ; and it is for that purpose that they
are granted.
The gentlemen do not agree among them-
selves in their advocacy of this bill. The gentle-
man from Pennsylvania [Mr. Kelley] argues
in favor of the bill on the ground that there is
no population in that country. He says that
what those States want, " what they need is
population, and fields made productive by the
requisite labor of men to give patronage to
railroads." He repeats the statement that what
they need is population, " is people."
The gentleman from Minnesota [Mr. Don-
nelly] tells us, in endeavoring to show a dis-
tinction between the South and the West, and
to give a reason why we should refuse to con-
tinue these grants to the South, and at the same
time should continue similar grants to the
Northwest—he tells us that in the South there
is already a large population, only one four-
teenth of whom possess any part of the soil.
He tells us that great cities have grown up there.
" The soil, therefore, is the one thing needed,
not population." I might offset the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Kei.ley] with the gen-
tleman from Minnesota, [Mr. Donnelly,] and
leave their arguments to answer each other. I
certainly cannot reconcile them. They seem
to answer themselves.
The gentleman from Minnesota [Mr. Don-
nelly] further argues that we ought to con-
tinue the grants which have been made to
Minnesota and the other States of the West,
on the ground that that country is unsettled,
and by continuing the grants we should open
up that unsettled country to the occupation of
the people. If this is good for the West, is it
not for the South? If it is good policy in the
settlement and development of the great West-,
is it not equally so with reference to the great
South ?
The gentleman from Pennsylvania argues
that we should not continue the grants to the
South because they have not a large popula-
tion. The gentleman from Minnesota claims
that these land grants are now in the hands of
rebel owners or rebel corporations, and that
we should declare them forfeited for the pur-
pose of placing them hereafter in the hands of
loyal men in the southern States. Well, now,
who are the "loyal men" of the gentleman
from Minnesota? The gentleman says:
"Loyalty in the South is now laboring under con-
tempt. The loyal man is tho poor man; in most
eases the black man, and heretofore necessarily the
ignorant man and the despised man. We must mako
loyalty respectable in that country."
Well, then, the gentleman of course expects
to make ignorance respectable in that country;
he expects to make the black man respectable
in that country; and he expects to do it, I
suppose, by this act of Congress.
But, Mr. Speaker, the gentleman from Min-
nesota and the gentleman from Indiana [Mr.
Julian] do not insist that these lands shall
never be given for the purpose of railroads to
the southern people; but they would have them
forfeited now to the United States with a view
of granting them hereafter for the same pur-
pose.
They would, then, place them in the hands of
"loyal men," these "poor men," these " black
men," these "ignorant men." Now, I ask
you whether any such men were ever known to
build a railroad ? Did such men ever carry
on the enterprises of this country? Did they
ever extend a railroad into the vast unsettled
regions of this country? Can any such thing
be expected ? The gentleman cannot be sin-
cere in urging that we should withdraw these
grants from the corporations which he says
have means and money and intelligence and
ability and enterprise, and place them in the
hands of men who are ignorant, who have no
means, who have no intelligence, no influence,
and no enterprise, merely because they are
black men and laboring to-day, as he says,
'' under contempt." Certainly he cannot expect
such men to build railroads.
Mr. Speaker, I did not intend to argue this
bill at any great length ; I have already said
more than I intended. Let me say, however,
in conclusion, that in the part which I may
take in the legislation of this country I have no
vengeance to inflict upon anybody. I have no
wrongs to avenge, no wrongs which by my acts
here I am to repair by committing some wrong
or inflicting some punishment upon some per-
sons in the South. If those people have been
guilty of wrongs the place to punish them is in
our courts. This Congress is not a court of
justice. It has neither the right nor the power
to inflict penalties upon a people for the vio-
lation of law. Legislation of this most atro-
cious description is occupying most of the time
of this Congress. Gentlemen ought to stop and
consider that our courts were created for the
purpose of punishing the violation of law. The
function of this Congress is to enact laws, not to
punish their violations. Yetthewhole burden of
the argument advanced by the gentlemen who
have advocated this bill has been that we ought
to inflict some penalty, some punishment, upon
the people of tne South for the part which they
took in the war. I have no such work to per-
form. I feel no such duty devolved upon me.
I would so legislate as to bring these people back,
not to drive thetn further away; I would forget
the past and endeavor to win again their hearts
and affections; I would give them aid in all
their enterprises calculated to restore to them
again prosperity and happiness; I would help
them build their railroads and bind together
every portion of this country by bands of iron
and of steel, and thereby again reunite those
bonds of mutual interest and affection which
are stronger than bands of steel, and which
alone can restore to our unhappy country
peace, prosperity, and happiness. It is time
this discriminating and hostile legislation was
ended. It is time we should begin by some
