186a
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
973
My colleague from Ohio [Mr. Lawrence^
said yesterday, in supporting the passage of
this bill, that the fate of Ireland, as to her
people and their oppressions and suffering,
will be written in the South. I certainly see
slavery, chains, degradation, oppression, and
injustice there now more terrible and more
damning than ever England resorted to in the
whole seven centuries of her cruelty toward
Ireland. But he will say, perhaps, they are
rebels; be it so; it is England's plea that
Irishmen are rebels. But he may add it is a
just punishment for treason. I ask when is
this punishment of women and children for the
sins of their husbands and fathers to cease?
The world is looking on while we are mak-
ing history ; and it will applaud or censure
according to circumstances. Persons in Eu-
rope, if you please, or in this country, who
bought the bonds of these roads in good faith,
relying to considerable extent on the grants
of land as collateral securities, will be aston-
ished to find our Government, through its Con-
gress, repudiating those grants. The people of
Europe, with no very clear idea of our system
of Government, look upon us as one nation,
without noting the difference many times be-
tween the actions of States in their capacity
and the General Government in its sphere.
Is it just to deprive these men of their securi-
ties? Is it not a step in the direction of repu-
diation?
The war stopped railroads in the North as
well as in the South. We have granted time
for northern companies to complete their roads,
when, it may be, there were some rebel stock-
holders in them. The South is utterly pros-
trated and helpless. Her people owe large
amounts of money to our northern merchants.
Let us be magnanimous and legislate so as to
restore her material prosperity; if we must still
punish her citizens politically. Whatever aids
the South, in this sense at least, aids the North,
the West, and the East. Our whole country
requires everything possible to be done; for
the people all over our land are suffering in
all their material and financial interests.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I now yield the remain-
ing minutes of my hour to the gentleman from
Indiana.
Mr. NIBLACK. Mr. Speaker, I have not
sought the floor to argue the principles in-
volved in the pending measure. I am not
here either as an advocate of railroad grants,
that is, in the general sense of the term. If
this were an original question, and we were
called upon to vote as to whether we should
grant lands, as these have been, or not, I am
not prepared to say at all I would vote for
such a measure; for, sir, I am rather a strict
constructionist on questions of this character.
But, sir, I desire simply to say I regard this
as a peculiarly inopportune time to pass a
measure of this sort. There is no urgency for
it that I am aware of. Certainly no sufficient
reason has been assigned in my hearing since
this debate has commenced. There are suffi-
cient lands already open to settlement for all
practical purposes in the States affected by it.
My colleague, [Mr. Julian,] who introduced
this bill, has stated to us during this debate
that these States will soon be represented upon
this floor; that they will be here by their Rep-
resentatives within a few weeks—by loyal Rep-
resentatives, too, as he is pleased to predict.
Then, in Heaven's name, if they are to be here
so soon, and we are to have the satisfaction of
hearing from them on this floor on this as well
cs on other questions affecting their interests,
why is it not sufficient reason that we should
wait until we can hear from them—until both
sides are heard on it. That remark of my
colleague, [Mr. Julian,] I believe, is one of
the strongest reasons for some delay ; and I say
that without going into the merits of the case
at all, as I have intimated I would not.
Mr. Speaker, this is a matter by which the
people of all classes in the States interested
are to be affected. It does not apply to any
class particularly, but to whole communities ;
and it is a question in which all sections of the
country have an interest. The railroads of
the North are interested in the prosperity of
the railroads of the South, and vice versa. The
object of building railroads in sections remote
from the great centers of commerce and trade
in the present condition of the country is to
afford railroad connections, and, at least, to
build up tributaries to the present lines of com-
munication. Hence it is not a matter which
affects the southern people alone, but affects
the people of all sections of the country and
involves the interest of northern capital to a
very great extent. Looking, therefore, on this,
not in any sectional sense, but in a general
sense—the sense in which we should consider
questions of this kind, aside from mere indi-
vidual interest—I think there is no good reason
why we should have such a measure urged
on the House at this time, and I shall vote
against it with reference to this consideration
alone, waiving for the present the legal ques-
tions and other high questions of justice and
expediency which have entered into this dis-
cussion.
Mr. HOPKINS was assigned the floor, and
yielded for five minutes to
Mr. KELLEY, who said: Mr. Speaker, I
requested five minutes that I might respond
to the question put to me by the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Muxgen,] but which he de-
clined to permit me to answer. His argument,
as I understood it—for I came into the Hall
while he was speaking—was that slavery was
better than freedom, and that the landless were
more fortunate than those who owned the
homes in which they dwelt. And in demonstra-
tion of his theory he pointed to the results of
free labor as it prevails in Philadelphia. He
told us of the beggary and want now overtak-
ing her people, and of the tenement houses in
which they dwelt. He asked me to indorse
it all by my silence, and I refused to do so.
Sir, I present the city of Philadelphia as the
best example, perhaps, this world affords of
the benefit to the whole community of fair
wages for honest labor. I say that in no other
community on this side of the Atlantic or the
other are there so many families who dwell
upon land and sleep beneath a roof that is
owned by them. It is a prominent character-
istic of that city that the laboring people own
their homes, and that in their little homes are
to be found what are called "all the modern
conveniences"—gas, bath-room, hot and cold
water, &c.
When in Alabama, I may remark, as the
gentleman referred to my visit to that State,
I pointed proudly to these facts when address-
ing the old master class, and many of them
admitted that no wealth could procure for
them in the midst of slavery the comforts and
advantages enjoyed by Philadelphia working-
men. Nor will they be able to procure them
while they degrade labor and keep a large
landless class in their midst.
The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Mungen]
said that want and hunger abound among the
laboring people of Philadelphia. He knows
but little of their condition. On the 18th of
last month, referring to the laboring classes of
Philadelphia, in the course of some general
remarks, I called the gentleman's attention,
in common with that of other members of the
House, to the fact that during the month of
December last fifteen hundred and ninety-six
of them had been able, in the midst of the
stagnation and idleness which excessive inter-
nal taxation and the contraction of the cur-
rency had produced, to fall back upon their
deposits in one savings bank.
Sir, freedom never cursed a people. No
people can ever be impoverished by enabling
them to own and cultivate their own farms as
our homestead law does; and if the gentleman
would fructify the South, if he would make the
freedom given by Lincoln's proclamation, the
civil rights bill, and our recent legislation,
beneficial to the Government and the people,
he must unite with us in opening the only fer-
tile land available for present settlement in the
four Gulf States named in the pending bill to
the people. He sneers at (he idea that penin-
sula Florida is barren sand. Sir, he could
not from a hundred acres of it draw enough
sustenance for himself alone. I will give him
the aid of a family, and yet with their joint
labor he shall hunger if confined to the pro-
duce of that quantity taken out of the bulk of
the seventeen million acres of public land in
that State. They are all, as I said the other
day, sand, sand, sand, deep as the ocean.
I thank the gentleman from Wisconsin for
his kindness in yielding to me that I might
make a brief response to the pointed questions
of the gentleman from Ohio, which without
reply would have been regarded as undisputed
assertions.
Mr. HOPKINS. Mr. Speaker, the bill under
discussion has been so long before the House
and so much has been said in favor and against
it, that I do not intend to spend but a very few
minutes in discussing it.
I desire to say at the outset that I am in favor
of it, not because I am prejudiced against any
portion of the people of the South. I have no
prejudice to govern my action in regard to a
measure of this kind, I would not discriminate
for or against the white man or the black man,
the loyal or the disloyal man in this measure.
I will not be governed by any prejudice in deal-
ing with the material interest of any portion of
the people of this country.
I have been surprised in the argument of this
case to find that it has been charged by all of
those who have opposed the passage of this
bill that Congress has made a precedent by
which we are almost compelled to defeat its
passage, because we have extended the time
for the completion .of similar enterprises in the
northern States. I wish to say to the gentle-
men who oppose this bill upon that ground
that no case of the kind has ever been pre-
sented to this House from any one of the north-
ern States. These lands have absolutely been
forfeited, and forfeited, too, by the terms of the
act which granted them. No such case as this
has ever been before this Congress, asking that
the time may be extended. These lands were
forfeited nearly two years ago, and we are met
now with a new interest in determining this
case. These lands having been forfeited by the
terms of the act have been settled upon to
some extent. The Committee on Public Lands
have information that many of them are occu-
pied by actual settlers who have been advised
that they had a right to settle upon them, and
that Congress would at the proper time, and
that soon, declare them to be the lands of the
United States. And now these people come
here and ask this House to declare those lands
forfeited so that they may,thereby acquire title
to their homesteads and their improvements.
I wish to say to the House that no such case
as this has ever been presented in behalf of
any of the people of the North as against the
passage of a bill to extend the time for the
completion of the work upon a public improve-
ment.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him a question?
Mr. HOPKINS. Certainly, I yield to my
colleague.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I do not know that I
differ very materially with what my colleague
has said, but I ask him this question: if we
seek to take advantage of a forfeiture of a
grant, is it not necessarily a judicial act and
not a legislative one?
Mr. HOPKINS. I will state in reply to my
colleague that I understand that the lands
granted to these States to aid in the construc-
tion of railroads are to-day absolutely for-
feited, and it is only because of a rule adopted
by the land department of this Government
that they are not to-day open to private entry
and public sale.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Then I ask my colleague
what is the necessity of this act?
Mr. HOPKINS. Simply because the land
department of this Government have a rule
that requires that a law shall be passed declar-
