974
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 4,
ing lands forfeited before they offer them again j
in market. I
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Bat the gentleman will
bear in mind that he has not answered my
question, whether the taking advantage of a
condition broken, by which a thing may be
forfeit, is not of itself a judicial act and not a
legislative act?
Mr. HOPKINS. I will say in answer to my
fiiend that these lands have been forfeited by
the operation of law. The acts which made
the grants declared tliem forfeited in case the
trusts were not fulfilled in accordance with the
acts which made them.
Mr. PILE. Will the gentleman yield to me
for a moment?
Mr. HOPKINS. Certainly.
Mr. PILE. I understand the gentleman to
state that the Committee on Public Lands had
information that a large number of landless
men, heads of families, settled upon portions
of these lands with the expectation that Con-
gress would declare them forfeited and open
them up for homestead settlement. I want to
ask the gentleman if he can give us an approx-
imate statement of the number of such cases?
I freely admit that, if it be the fact that any
large number of persons haVeso settled on this
class of lands, it is a fact which ought to be
understood, and we ought to know how many
of those cases there are before voting on this
bill.
Mr. HOPKINS. I am unable to state the
number of those cases, but I do state that the i
committee had facts before them and informa- '
tion which satisfied them that a large portion
of these lands, forfeited nearly two years ago,
had been settled upon in good faith ; and that j
to-day those lands were ia the possession of ;
men who had built valuable improvements upon
them, and unless this law passes those improve- j
ments are lost and they canuot acquire a title
to the lands.
I say, Mr. Speaker, that this presents a case
unlike any application of the kind ever pre-
sented to this House for an extension of time
for the completion of any public work.- I do
not propose to stand here and exhibit prejudice
against these great works of public improve-
ment. I would not throw a straw in the way
of their being completed either in the North
or in the South. 1 am proud of the maguifi- >
cent railroad system of the United States. I j
am proud of the energy of the men who have j
carried them on to such a great degree of per- j
fection and completed so many miles of rail-
road as we have in this country to-day. But,
sir, when I look upon this case and find hun-
dreds upon hundreds of men who have made
homes upon these lands which had been for-
feited I am bound to consider their rights as
against those of the corporations or States
which demand of us an extension of time.
I might say, perhaps, that there is another
difference between these corporations in the
South which ask at our hands that these grants
may be continued to them for the benetit of
their improvements and corporations in the
North that have asked the same privilege from
Congress. There is a little difference between
them. Perhaps my colleague, [Mr. Eldridge,]
who has spoken against this bill, cannot dis-
criminate and does not discriminate between
those northern enterprises and southern enter-
prises, but I can and I believe this House
can.
Now, although I amnotgoing to be governed
by prejudice, still I do think it is proper for
this House to consider that these northern
States which come here and ask relief at the
hands of this Congress by way of legislation
extending the time for the completion of their
enterprises present a very different case from
that of the gentlemen coming here from the
South for a similar purpose. The northern
enterprises are the innocent sufferers ofthis war.
They turned out to help the Government and
to assist in saving it. The other men from the
South were during the war to be found in the
front rank fighting the very Government which
had given these lands to them, and using their
roads and machinery as engines of war against
the United States.
Sir. the men of the North who were inter-
ested in the railroads there gave of their means
to assist in saving the Government and to
strengthen its hands. The men who dug the
trenches, who used the spades and picks in
building these northern roads, were called away
from those enterprises to enter the ranks of the
Union Army, while the men who were working
in the South on these railroads were in the rebel
armies and fighting against the Government of
the United States.
Now, in coming to this Congress for relief
they present a very different case from that of
the northern roads. The northern enterprises
were the innocent victims of this war; the men
controlling the southern railroads are the crim-
inals who broughton and waged this war against
the Government of the Ur.ited States.
I do not know that it is absolutely true that
these lands are to-day necessary for settlement
and cultivation by the people of the South.
But those lands which have actually been settled
upon, which have been actually occupied by
men for their homes, ought to be placed in
such a situation that those men can acquire
titles to the land upon which they now live ;
and without the passage of a law of Congress
declaring these lands forfeited, as I have
already said here, those people will be help-
less, and will have no possible chance to ac-
quire a title to the homes they now occupy
along these railroads in the South.
There is another feature of this case which
has not been presented here: several of these
roads have never been commenced at all. Ten
or twelve years have elapsed since these grants
were made; and yet not a single stroke of
work has been done npon several of the roads
for the construction of which these lands were
given. I am satisfied, upon an investigation
of the subject, that in regard to a large pro-
portion of these roads, at least one half of
them, they will not be completed for twenty
years to come, even if we should continue
these grants in their hands.
Then I say it is doing absolute injustice to
these people to continue these grants in the
hands of corporations that show no dispo-
sition or ability to carry out the trust they have
accepted and agreed to fulfill. If we declare
the lands forfeited we strike down these enter-
prises, which are unmeritorious in themselves,
and allow the people, when they come to be
represented again upon this floor, to have their
interests properly represented here. I trust
that at no distant day in the future they will be
represented here, though I am not so anxious
to have them represented that I would wish to
see rebels come back and occupy these vacant
seats. I trust, when they come to take their seats
here as the Representatives of the people of
those States that they will have the ability to
represent the interests of the people faithfully
and well. And, above all, I hold that loyalty
to the Government of the United States should
be a prerequisite to occupying a seat in this
House or the other branch of Congress. Until
the people of the South conclude to accept in
good faith the results of the war, and choose
as their Representatives in Congress men of
undoubted loyalty to the Government, I trust
they will remain unrepresented. I say this
not in a spirit of vengeance or with a vindic-
tive feeling toward the people of that portion
of our country, but because I feel that the
safety and welfare of our country demands
it. That they are not represented here to-day
isnotourfault, but theirs. They left these Halls
seven years ago voluntarily, without cause,
without provocation, with treason on'theirlips
and murder in their hearts, and attempted for
four long years of bloody war to destroy our
Government; but, thanks to the loyalty and
patriotism of our jjeople, they failed in their
unholy work. While I feel no desire to urge
the passage of this bill in the absence of the
Representatives from those States, as a meas-
ure of punishment for their crimes, I never-
theless feel that there should be no delay in its
passage on account of their absence. I regard
this bill a just one, intended to benefit and
not to injure the people of the South, and as
such I cordially support it. Millions of acres
of land in those States are withdrawn from the
market, unsettled and unproductive, and in
their present situation are a positive injury to
the prosperity of the country. Many of tliem
are in the control of corporations which have
never even commenced the construction of the
roads they were granted to aid in the con-
struction of. The sooner they are restored to
market and made available for homesteads and
settlement the better for the people.
1 have not the tabular statement before me,
but I have examined it thoroughly; and I can
state from recollection that at least one third,
and I am not sure but one half, of these roads
for which lands were granted in 1856 have
never been commenced at all. I want to ask
the gentlemen of tliis House whether they wish
to continue these lands in the hands of those
corporations, to the detriment of the settlement
of that country, when it is a matter of fact that
those companies during twelve years have never
struck a blow toward building the roads or
attempted to carry out the objects of the grant
and the trusts which they have accepted. At
least one half of the lands now held by those
southern companies are held by corporations
that have shown neither the ability nor the
disposition to build the roads.
Mr. Speaker, I shall cheerfully vote for the
amendments which have been proposed here
in behalf of the Alabama and Tennessee rivej
railroad and the Decatur and Nashville rail-
road. I believe that those are meritorious
enterprises, and are now in the hands of men
who are going on in good faith to complete the
roads. But this bill, with those amendments,
ought to pass, in order to restore to market the
lands which are in the hands of corporations
that have not the ability themselves to com-
plete their roads, and whose enterprises are
so unmeritorious that capital will never be
found to aid in the completion of the roads if
the grants be left in the hands of those com-
panies.
The gentleman from Maine [Mr. Blaine]
has said in the argument of this case that the
idea of proposing in the first place to declare
these grants forfeited, and then to allow these
men to come here and ask for the renewal of
these grants when they shall be represented
on this floor, seems like pushing a house over
in order to rebuild it the next day. I admit
that there is a great deal of force in that way
of stating the case. But the gentleman must
recollect that other interests have intervened,
and those interests ought to be protected. We
are called upon to protect the interests of thou-
sands of men who are to-day actual settlers
upon these railroad lands which have abso-
lutely become forfeited by the lapse of time.
There is another feature of this case which
is a little peculiar. It is urged that those States
have no representation upon this floor, and
cannot speak through their Repressntatives
here. But those corporations have active men,
men of talent and ability, who usually look
faithfully after-their interests; of the twenty-
seven corporations at which this act strikes
only three have entered any appearance here
at all or remonstrated against the passage of
this law. Two of them have come here through
their agents, and one of them has sent a me-
morial, in the shape of a pamphlet, remonstrat-
ing against the passage of this bill. Twenty-
four of them have paid no attention to it what-
ever. although the papers of this country have
for three months given them notice that Con-
f ess was about to pass a bill of this character.
do not know but that those gentlemen hold
that this is an unconstitutional body, and that
our acts are illegal and void. But if they do thus
believe I would like to see them undertake to
set aside our acts, and, if for no other reason,
I would like to see this bill passed to test that
question. It is a little singular that these men,
so active in their own interest, so wide awake
in everything pertaining to the interests of
