1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
975
their special corporations, have paid no atten-
tion to this bill, have not shown the least dis-
position to remonstrate against its passage. I ,
do not know but that they concede, as they
ought to do, that it is an act of justice.
My colleague [Mr. Eldbidge] has stated
that this bill is but an announcement of con-
tiscation ; that it is a part and parcel of that
system of vindictive and cruel legislation
which the majority in this House are, as he
contends, practicing upon the unfortunate peo-
ple of the South. I have 110 doubt that this
remark truly indicates the feelings of my col-
league. I have no doubt he feels a deep sym-
flathy for those men in the South. But I ask
lim what punishment have they received for
the enormity of their crimes against the Gov-
ernment of the United States? Where or how
have they received any punishment? Has this
Congress confiscated their property? Has it
punished a single individual? Have the courts
of this country taken cognizance of their
crimes and punished them? What cruelty
have we practiced upon these southern peo-
ple? Why should my colleague consider their
interests or rights invaded by this bill, which
simply declares the fact that they have for-
feited all title to the lands heretofore granted
to them for railroad purposes, so that the same
may be occupied by actual settlers, thereby
promoting the prosperity of the people?
Mr. Speaker, I now yield the floor to the
gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Arnet.l] for
twenty minutes.
Mr. ARNELL. I thank the gentleman for
his courtesy, and shall say a word or two upon
this bill, not so much in the way of controvert-
ing arguments against it as of giving my views
and of saying something in favor of the amend-
ment that I gave notice I should offer at the ,
proper time. My own immediate constitu-
ents and the State of Tennessee at large are
vitally interested in the Tennessee and Ala-
bama Central railroad; therefore, it is proper
that I should make a statement, at least, of
facts respecting this road.
By act of June 3, 1856, section six, a grant of
land was made to the State of Alabama to aid
in the construction of this road, subject to
these restrictions:
"Provided further. That the lands hereby granted
for and on account of said road, severally, shall be
exclusively applied in the construction of that road
for and on account of which such lands are hereby
granted, and shall be disposed of only as the work
progresses, and the same shall be applied to no other
purpose whatsoever.
"Sec. 2. And be it further enacted. That the sections
and parts of sections of land which, by such grant,
shall remain to the United States, within six miles
o^cach side of said roads, shall not be sold for less
than double the minimum price of the public lands
when sold, norshali any of said lands become subject
to private entry until the game have been first offered
at public sale at the increased price.
"Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the said
lands hereby granted to the said State shall be sub-
ject to the disposal of the Legislature thereof, for the
purposes aforesaid, and no other; and the said rail-
roads shall be andremain public highways for the use
of the Government of the United States, free from
toll or other charge upon the transportation of any
property or troops of the United States.
" Sec. 4. And be it further enacted. That the lands
hereby granted to said State shall be disposed of by
said State only in manner following, that is tasay,
that a quantity of land not exceeding one hundred
and twenty sections for each of said roads, and in-
cluded within a continuous length of twenty miles
of each of said roads, may be sold; and when the
Governor of said State shall certify to the Secretary
of the Interior that any twenty continuous miles of
any of said roads is completed, then an other quantity
of land hereby granted, not to exceed one hundred
and twenty sections for each of said roads having
twenty continuous miles completed as aforesaid, and
included within a continuous length of twenty miles
of each of such roads, may be sold; and so from time
to time until said roads are completed; and if any
of said roads is not completed within ten years no
further sale shall be made, and the lands unsold shall
revert to the United States.
"Sec. 5. And be it farther enacted. That the United
States mail shall be transported over said roads, un-
der the direction of the Post Office Department, at
such price as Congress may by law direct: Provided,
That until such price is fixed by law the Postmaster
General shall have thepower to determine the same."
All of these conditions and restrictions, I
understand, have been faithfully observed by
the company.
By act of March 3, 1857, the name of the
company was changed to that of the " Tennes-
see and Alabama Central railroad." The Legis-
lature accepted this grant February 8, 1858.
A consolidation of this road was afterward
made with the Tennessee roads, under the
name of Nashville and Decatur, carrying out
an original purpose, to make a short line
route from the lakes to Pensacola, the best
harbor on the Gulf, of unlimited capacity and
great depth, and a line almost two hundred
miles nearer than by any other route. The
lands granted to the Tennessee and Alabama
Central railroad are coal and iron lands,
as may be seen by this map which I hold in
my hand, and are unfit for farming purposes.
Forty-seven miles of this road were completed
and in running order prior to the war, with an
additional twenty miles graded. One hundred
miles yet remain to be built. These are about
the main facts connected with the work done
and the grant of lands made to this road ; and,
as I said in the outset, my own immediate
constituents and the State of Tennessee at
large are greatly concerned in this matter.
This line drains the richest agricultural por-
tion of middle Tennessee, the counties of Da-
vidson, Williamson, Maury, and Giles. More-
over, the road is largely indebted to the State
of Tennessee, (about two million five hundred
thousand dollars,) and in addition to this is
owing the Government of the United States
$204,927. To declare the forfeiture of these
lands and open them for homesteads would
be to take away from the Nashville and Deca-
tur road their basis of credit and prevent the
construction of the remaining one hundred
miles yet to be built, frustrate the original in-
i tention of a line from, the lakes to the Gulf,
cause the Government of the United States
: and the State of Tennessee to lose their large
indebtedness, the payment of which depends
upon the completion of the road, and deprive
her citizens of a great and necessary highway.
In the second place, these lands are not fit for
homesteads, l he gentleman from Indiana was
right when he said that they contained vast
coal and iron beds. They are mountainous
lands, about four hundred and twenty-six thou-
sand acres, that cannot be developed without
this road. Allowed an extension, the company
will be able, perhaps in two years, to pour its
treasures either into Chicago or Pensacola.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Pennsylvania. I ask
the gentleman from Tennessee to yield to me
for a moment.
Mr. ARNELL. I can only yield for a
moment, as I occupy the floor by the courtesy
of the gentleman from Wisconsin.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Pennsylvania. I wish
to know how many loyal stockholders there
are connected with this road? I can refer the
gentleman to authorities I have on that point.
One of the roads, I believe, was captured by
our Army during the war, it having been
engaged in the interest of the rebellion.
Mr. ARNELL. Which one?
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Pennsylvania. The
Tennessee and Alabama railroad. I find in a
report made to this House by one of its com-
mittees the following:
"In the case of the Tennessee and Alabama rail-
road, on a reference to lion. J. A. Fletcher, sec-
retary of state, for his opinion as to the loyalty of
fifteen directors named for that company, ha makes
the following answer:
" 'I. S. Claybrook, Frank Boardman, Samuel Hen-
derson, M.G. L. Clairborne, and William Parke are
good and loyal men. Ihomas F. Perkins, K. 11.
! Bradley, John M. Uavock, John B. McEWen, Wil-
liam P. Cannon, and B. B. Toon have all been more
or less in sympathy with the rebellion, but are
regarded as honorable men, and will probably dis-
charge their duties loyally. C. W. Hance, Absolom
Thompson, James Andrews, and A. C. Mayberry are
all liable to the objection of disloyalty. Thompson
1 is the only one of them whose fidelity has been
indorsed to me by acquaintance. Mayberry fled
South in 1862 and only returned after Johnson's sur-
render. This is a bad sign, but it is said he ran to
save his negroes. On the whole, the board is about
as good as it can bo made out of the material to be
had. It is said every prominent loyalist among the
stockholders is on the board, and the leastobjection-
1 able of tho rebel stockholders were ohosen.'"
Mr. ARNELL. I am coming to that point,
the loyalty of these roads. I stand not here
or anywhere the apologist of corporations that
aided in that ghastliest of all crimes—the rebel-
lion. God forbid.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Pennsylvania. I find
the statement authoritatively made"in regard
to the direction of the road that in the selec-
tion of directors, composed as they are of
about fifteen men, five were certified to be
loyal men, six were declared to be of doubtful
loyalty, and the remaining four were admitted
to be rebels. The reason assigned for select-
ing rebels was that there were no loyal men
to be had among the directors.
Mr. ARNELL. That is not correct as re-
fards what is now known as the Nashville and
>ecatur railroad.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Pennsylvania. It is so
stated hsrc
Mr. ARNELL. Let me explain. The Nash-
ville and Decatur road is composed of three
lines. I understand the gentleman from Penn
sylvania to ask how many loyal directors there
are in that road, and I am glad he has made
the inquiry, because I desire to mention the
names of some gentlemen who were directors
of that road who are and have been as loyal
as any gentleman upon this floor.
I am glad to have their names go upon the
records, that they may be read hereafter. Frank
Hardiman, of Williamson county, the present
secretary of the Nashville and Decatur railroad,
and John Baird, the former treasurer and sec-
retary of the road from Columbia, Tennessee,
to the State line, are both gentlemen of unflinch-
ing loyalty and unimpeachable integrity and of
influence on this roaa. Further than this, the
Nashville end of the road was voluntarily handed
over to General Buell when he entered Tennes-
see with his army on his way to Shileh, not cap-
tured, and upon account kept by his superin-
tendentof military railroads more than five hun-
dred thousand dollars is due this company, not
one cent of which has been paid, as was agreed
upon. Again, after the surrender of the rebel
armies, that company bought from the United
States Government $400,000 worth of rolling
stock, andhavepaid more than one hundred and
fifteen thousand dollars of the principal and the
interest in monthly installments. And, again,
I know that this company have steadily refused
to enter into railroad combinations against the
General Government, and stands in this respect
without a parallel case in my knowledge through-
out the entire South. I think that this road ougb t
to be excepted and President Sloss sustained,
and rebel roads taught that fair dealingand hon-
esty and loyalty is, after all the best policy in
its settlements with the Government. In this
connection I desire to have read a private let-
ter from General Thomas, commanding the dis-
trict of Tennessee, written with no intention to
be made public, yet I think I violate no faith
in its publication.
Mr. TRIMBLE, of Kentucky. Will the gen-
tleman yield for a question ?
Mr. ARNELL. Yes, sir.
Mr. TRIMBLE, of Kentucky. I ask the
gentleman whether it is not the fact that the
stockholders in all those roads have really no
interest in those roads except after the pay-
ment of the mortgage or liens that exist upon
them ; and whether these liens are not suffi-
cient to absorb the entire value of the road;
and, further, whether the mortgages are not
held by parties who live at the North and are
loyal to the Government of the United States.
Mr. ARNELL. In reply, I will say that to
a certain extent what the gentleman states is
undoubtedly true. As I have stated, the State
of Tennessee has a mortgage of $2,500,000 on
this road, and the Government of the United
States $300,000.
But to return to the letter of General Thomas.
Here, in this letter, are the opinions of one
entirely conversant with this whole matter; one
whose judgment—I need not say is to be relied
upon, that would be unseemly ostentation on
my part—but of whom I will say, an almost
peerless soldier, whose name is forever em-
balmed in the nation's gratitude and the world's
history.
