186a
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
977
Now, Mr. Speaker, in the brief time allowed
me I want to call the attention of the House to '
the fact that there has never been a time before
at which four million poor people have been
turned out on society. There has never been
a time before when four million people, men,
women, and children, by a single act, have
become outcasts on the country. Prior to this
time these people were unable to own lands,
because the accursed doctrine of slaveholders
is that all property of the slave, as he liimsolf,
belongs to the master. They have only been
for the short space of two years entitled to buy
and own land at all. Here are four million
people seeking homes and asking them at the
hands of the Government., and it is of the
utmost importance that we keep open the ave-
nues by which they may procure them for them-
selves. Every human being should have a
home. It is a cold, bleak, desolate thing to
say "I have no home." Every nation is
weakened when its citizens have no homes.
But is said that there are twenty-four million
acres of land in these States subject to entry.
Be it so. That is another reason why we should
throw these corporations back and not turn
these poor people off the lands upon which
they have settled. If there is so much public
land there let these corporations go under sub-
sequent laws and take it, and let us protect
these people in their homes. When you take
away from men their households, their homes,
you disorganize society and weaken the power
of the Government to defend and protect itself.
Mr. JULIAN obtained the floor. :
Mr. HOLMAN. Will my colleague yield to
me for five minutes?
_Mr. J ULIAX. I yield to my colleague five '
minutes.
Mr. BINGHAM. I would inquire of the
gentleman from Indiana when he proposes to
close this debate?
Mr. JULIAN. This evening, after a few
concluding remarks—before four o'clock.
CONTRACTS FOR ORDNANCE DEPARTMENT. j
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the
Secretary of War, transmitting, in compliance
with the act of April 21, 1808, a statement of
contracts and purchases made by the ordnance
department during 18G7, &c.; which was laid
on the table, and ordered to be printed.
JOHN s. cox. [
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from
the Secretary of War, transmitting a report of
the Adjutant General respecting the military i
services of John S. Cox, late quartermaster
first regiment Indian home guards ; which was
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
INSTRUCTIONS TO TAX COMMISSIONERS.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from
the Secretary of the Treasury, transmitting, in
answer to a resolution of the House of the
28th ultimo, an official copy of the instructions
issued by President Lincoln to the tax com-
missioners in South Carolina on September 16,
1863 ; which was referred to the Committee on
Freedmen's Affairs,"and ordered to be printed.
THE WAR DEPARTMENT.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from
the Secretary of War, transmitting the corre-
spondence between the President and General
Grant in relation to the Secretary of War, called
for by the House of Representatives.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I move that that
communication be referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary and printed, and I ask for the
reading of the papers.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I move
that it be referred to the Committee on Recon-
struction.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I will modify my
motion so as to refer it to the Committee on
Reconstruction.
40th Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 62.
The Clerk then read the communications, as !
follows: j
War Department, (
Washington City, February 4,186S.
Sir: In answer to the resolution of the House of
Representatives of the 3d instant I transmit here-
with copies furnished me by General Grant of corre-
spondence between him and the President relating to
the Secretary ot War, and which he reports to be all
the correspondence ho has had with the President on
the fubject.
I have had no correspondence with the President
since the 12t h of August last. After the action of the
Senate on his alleged reason for my suspension from
the office of Secretary of War I resumed the duties
of that office as required by the act of Congress, and
have continued to dischargo thein without any per-
sonal or written communication with the President.
No orders have been issued from this Department in
the name of the President with my knowledge, and I
have received no orders from him.
The correspondence seat herewith embraces all the
correspondence known tome on the subject referred
to in the resolution of the llouse of Representatives.
I have the honor to be,sir, with great respect, your
obedient servant.
EDWIN M. STANTON.
Secretary of War.
Hon. Schuyler Colfax,
Speaker oj the House of Representatives.
Headquarters Army of the United States,
Washington, January 24, 1868.
Sir: I have the honor very respectfully to request
to have in writing the orderwhich thePresident gave
me verbally on Sunday, the 19th instant, to disregard
the orders of Hon. E. M. Stanton as Secretary of War
until I knew from the President himself that they
were his orders.
I have the honor to be. very respectfully, vour
obedient servant, U, S. GRANT, General.
His Excellency A. Johnson,
President of the United States.
As requested in this communication. General Grant
is instructed in writing not to obey any order from
the War Department assumed to be issued by the
direction of the President unless such order is known
by the General commanding the Armies of the Uni-
ted States to have been authorized by the Executive.
ANDREW JOHNSON.
January 29,1868.
Headquarters Army of the United States,
W ashington, D. C., January 28,1868.
Sir: On the 24th instant I requested you to give
me in writing the instructions which you had pre-
viously given me verbally not to obey any order trom
Hon. E. M. Stanton, Secretary of War, unless I knew
that it came from yourself. To this written request
I received a message that has lett doubt in my mind
of your intentions. To prevent any possible misun-
derstanding, therefore, I renew the request that you
will give me written instructions, and till they are
received will suspend action on your verbal ones.
I am compelled to ask these instructions in writing
in consequenceof the many and gross misrepresenta-
tions, afiectmg my personal honor, circulated through
the press tor the last fortnight, purporting to come
from the President, of conversations which occurred
either with the President privately in his office or in
Cabinet meeting. What is written admits of no mis-
understanding.
In view of the misrepresentations referred to it
will be well to state the tacts in the case.
Some time after I assumed the duties of Secretary
of War ad interim the President asked me my views
as to the course Mr. Stanton would have to pursue,
in case the Senate should not concur in his suspen-
sion, to obtain possession of his office. My reply was,
in substance, that Mr. Stanton would have to appeal
to the courts to reinstate him, illu>trating my posi-
tion by citing the ground I had taken in the case of
the Baltimore police commissioners.
In that case I did not doubt the technical right of
Governor Swann to remove the o;d commissioners
and to appoint their successors. As the old com-
missioners refused to give up, however, I contended
that no resource was left but to appeal to the courts.
Finding that the President was desirous of keeping
Mr. Stanton out of office, whether sustained in the
suspension or not, I stated that I had not looked par-
ticularly into the "tenure-of-office bill," but that
what I had stated was a general principle, and if I
should change my mind in this particular case I
would inform him of the fact.
Subsequently, on r ading the "tenure-of-office bill"
closely, I found that I could not, without violation
of the law, refuse to vacate the office of Secretary of
War the moment Mr. Stanton was reinstated by the
Senate, even though the President should order me
to retain it. which he never did.
Taking this view of the subject, and learning on
Saturday, the 11th instant, that the Senate had taken
up the subject of Mr. Stanton's suspension, after some
conversation with Lieutenant General Sherman and
some members of my staff, in which I stated that the
law lett me no discretion as to my action should Mr.
Stanton be reinstated, and that 1 intended to inform
the President, I went to the President for the sole
purpose of making this decision known, and did so
make it known. In doing this I fulfilled the promise
made in our last preceding conversation on the sub-
ject.
The President, however, instead of accepting my
view ot the requirements of the "tenure-of-office
bill," contended that he had suspended Mr. Stanton
under the authority given by the Constitution, and
that the same authority did not preclude him from
reporting, as an act of courtesy, his reasons lor tho
suspension to the Senate; that, having appointed me
under the authoiity given by the Constitution, and
not under any act ot Congicss, I could not be gov-
erned by tho act. I stated that the law was biading
on me, constitutional or not, until set aside by the
proper tribunal.
An hour or more was consumed, each reiterating
his views on thLs subject,unul getting late,the Pres-
ident said ho would see mo again.
1 did not agree to call again on Monday nor at any
other definite time, nor was I sent for by the Presi-
dent until the following Tuesday.
From the 11th to the Cabinet meeting on the 14th
instant a doubt never entered my mind about the
President's fully understanding my position, namely,
that if the Senate refused to concur m the suspension
of Mr. Stanton my powers as Secretary of War ad
interim wouldcease, and Mr. Stanton's right to resume
at once the functions ot his office would under the law
be indisputable; and I acted accordingly. With Mr.
Stanton 1 had no communication, direct nor indirect,
on thesubjectol hisremstatementduringhissuspen-
sion.
I knew it had been recommended to the President
to send in the nfiwe of Governor Cox, of Ohio, for
Secretary of War, and thus save all embarrassment—
a proposition that I sincerely hoped he would enter-
tain favorably—General Sherman seeing the Presi-
dent at my particular request to urge this on the
13th instant.
On Tuesday (the day Mr. Stanton reentered the
office of tho Secretary ot War; General Comstock,
who had carried my official letter announcing that
with Mr. Stanton's reinstatement by the Senate I had
ceased to be Secretary of War ad interim, and who saw
the President open and read the communication,
brought back to me from thePresident a message
that he wanted to see me that day at the Cabinet
meeting, after I had made known the fact that I was
no longer Secretaiy of War ad interim.
At this meeting, after opening it as though I were
a member of the Cabinet, when reminded of the noti-
fication already given him that I was no longer Secre-
tary of War ad interim, the President gave a version
ot the conversations alluded to already. In this state-
ment it was asserted that in both conversations I had
agreed to hold on to the office of Secretary of War
until displaced by the courts, or resign, so as to place
the President where he would have been had I never
accepted the office. After hearing the President
through I stated our conversations substantially as
given in this letter. I will add that my conversation
before the Cabinet embraced other matter not perti-
nent here, and is therefore left out.
I in nowise admitted the correctness of tho Presi-
dent's statement of our conversations, though to
soften the evident contradiction my statement gave
I said (alluding to our first conversation on the sub-
ject) the President might have understood me the
way he said, namely, that I had promised to resign
if 1 did not resist the reinstatement. £ made no such
promise.
I have the honor to be, very respoctfully, your
obedient servant,
U. S. GRANT, General.
His Excellency, A. Johnson,
President of the United State*.
Headquarters Army of the United States,
washington, January 30,1868.
Sir: I have the honor to acknowledge the return
of my note of the 24th instant with your indorsement
thereon that I am not to obey any order from the
War Department, assumed to be issued by the direc-
tion of the President, unless such order is known by
me to have been authorized by the Executive; and
in reply thereto to say that I am informed by the
Secretary of War that he has not received from the
Executive any order or instructions limiting or im-
pairing his authority to issue orders to tho Army as
has heretofore been his practice under the law and
the customs of the Department. While this author-
ity to the War Department is not countermanded, it
will be satisfactory evidence to me that any orders
issued from the War Department by direction of the
President are authorized by the Executive.
I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obe-
dient servant,
U. S. GRANT, General.
His Excellency A. Johnson,
President of the United States.
Executive Mansion, January 31,1868.
General: I have received your communication
of the 28th instant renewing yourrequest of the 24th,
that I should repeat in a written form my verbal
instructions of the 19th instant, namely, that you
obey no order from Hon. Edwin M. Stanton as Sec-
retary of War, unless you have information that it
was issued by the President's direction.
In submitting this request (with which I complied
on the 29th instant) you take occasion to allude to
recent publications in reference to the circumstances
connected with the vacation by yourself of the office
of Secretary of War ad interim, and, with the view
of correcting statements which you term "gross mis-
representations," give at length your own recollec-
tion of the facts under which, without the sanction
of the President, from whom you had received and
accepted the appointment, you yielded the Depart-
ment of War to the present incumbent.
As stated in your communication, some time after
you had assumed the duties of Secretary of War ad
interim we interchanged views respecting the course
that should be pursued in the event of non-concur-
rence by the Senate in the suspension from office of
Mr. Stanton. I sought that interview, calling myself
