1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
979
Speaker's table Senate bill No. 246, to remove
political disabilities from Robert M. Patton,
ol Alabama, for reference to the Committee
on Reconstruction.
No objection was made.
The bill was accordingly taken from the
Speaker's table, read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Reconstruc-
tion.
erie'extension canal company.
Mr. SCOFIELD, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
fiesolred. That the Committee on Public Lands be
hereby instructed to inquire into the propriety of
jiving to the Erie Extension Canal Company a por-
tion of the public lands to enable said company to
enlarge their canal, making a ship-canal from the
Ohio river to the harbor of Erie, on Lake Erie.
ordeil of business.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I call for
the regular order.
The SPEAKER. When the proceedings
were interrupted by the reading of the com-
munication from the War Department the
House was engaged in the consideration of the
bill of the House No. 207, to declare forfeited
to the United States certain lands granted to
aid in the construction of railroads in the States
of Alabama, Mississippi, Louisiana, and Flor-
ida, and for other purposes; upon which the
gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Julian] is enti-
tled to the floor. !
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I desire
to state that if the gentleman from Indiana
does not close the debate to-day I will to-
morrow, after the morning hour, move to go
into Committee of the Whole upon the appro- i
priation bills.
Mr. JULIAN. It is so late now that I have
consented to yield to a motion to adjourn.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I will  ay
that if the motion to adjourn is made and voted
down, then I shall move to postpone this sub-
ject to some future day.
Mr. JULIAN. I give,notice to the House
that I shall oppose that motion, and shall ask
that this bill be proceeded with to-morrow.
Mr. BINGHAM, (at four o'clock p. m.) I
move that the House now adjourn.
The question was taken ; and upon a divis-.
sion there were—ayes Gl, noes CO.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. HOLMAN called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Burr and
Mr. Hopkins were appointed.
The House again divided ; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes GO, noes 78.
So the motion to adjourn was not agreed to.
SOUTHERN LAND GRANTS.
The House then resumed the consideration
of the bill declaring forfeited certain grants of
public lands to the southern States, upon which
Mr. Julian was entitled to the floor.
Mr. HOLMAN. I trust my colleague will
yield to me, according to our understanding
some minutes since.
Mr. JULIAN. I admit that I agreed to do
so ; but I am sorry that I made the agreement.
Still, if the gentleman insists upon it, of course
I am bound by the agreement.
Mr. HOLMAN. I think I shall have to
insist upon the agreement.
Mr. JULIAN. Very well; go on.
Mr. HOLMAN then addressed the House.
His remarks will be foundd in the Appendix.
Mr. JULIAN (after making some remarks
which will be published in the Appendix) called
the previous question upon the motion to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was recommit-
ted.
Mr. AIVNELL and Mr. PILE addressed the
Chair.
Mr. JULIAN. I have agreed to allow two
amendments to be offered.
The SPEAKER. At the present time the
bill is not in a position to be amended.
Mr. JULIAN. I mean.to say that at the
proper time I will yield to permit those amend-
ments to be offered.
Mr. GRISWOLD. I desire, Mr. Speaker,
to make a parliamentary inquiry as to the con-
dition of this bill. Would a motion to recom-
mit it be now in order?
The SPEAKER. The bill was reported
from the Committee on Public Lands and
ordered to be recommitted. The gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. Julian] moved to recon-
sider the vote by which it had been recommit-
ted ; and upon that question the debate lias
proceeded. The gentleman from Indiana now
demands the previous question on the motion
to reconsider.
Mr. GRISWOLD. What would be the effect
of a motion to lay on the table the motion to
reconsider?
The SPEAKER. As the gentleman from
Indiana has indicated in his closing remarks,
the effect of that motion, if adopted, would be to
reaffirm the former vote recommitting the bill.
Mr. GRISW OLD. Would the motion I have
stated be in order now ?
The SPEAKER. It would be.
Mr. GRISWOLD. I move, then, to lay on
the table the motion to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was recommitted.
On the motion there were—ayes 62, noes 64.
Mr. BLAINE. I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 63, nays 80, not voting
45 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Archer, Axtell, Bailey,
Barnes, Barnum, Beck, Blaine, Biair, Boyer, Brooks,
Burr, Dawes, Dixon, Dodge. Eldridge, Ferris?, Fox,
Getz, Glossbrenner, Golladay, Griswold, Grover,
Haight, Hawkins, Hill, Ilotchkiss, Humphrey, In-
gersoll, Jenckes, Johnson, Jones, Kerr, Knott, Laflin,
Mallory, Marshall, Marvin, Maynsrd, Mungen, Nib-
lack, Nunn, Peters, Phelps, Pile, Pruyn, Randall,
Robinson, Ross, Siticrcaves, Smith, Stewart, Stone,
Taber, Thomas, John Trimble. Lawrencc S.Trimble,
Twichell, Van Auken, William B. Washburn, Win-
dom, Woodbridgo, and Woodward—-63.
NAYS—Messrs. Anderson, Arnell, Baker, Beaman,
Benton, Boutwell, Broomall, Cake, Cary, Churchill,
Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Coburn, Cook, Cornell, Covodc,
Cullom, Donnelly, Eckley, Eggleston, Ela, Eliot,
Farnsworth, Ferry, Fields, Gravely, Halsey, Harding,
lligby, Ilolman, Hopkins, Hunter. Judd, Julian, Kel-
ley, Kelsey, Koontz, George V. Lawrence. William
Lawrence, Loan, Logan, Loughridgc, McClurg, Me-
Cormick, Mercur. Miller, Moore, Moorhead, Morrell,
Mullins, Myers, Newcomb, O'Neill, Orth, Paine, Per-
ham, Pike, Polsley, Price, Sawyer, Schenck, Scofield,
Shanks, Aaron F. Stevens. Taylor, Trowbridge, Up-
son, Van Aernam, Burt Van Horn, Robert T. Van
Horn, Ward, Cadwalader C. Washburn, Elihu B.
Washburne, Henry D. Washburn, Welkcr, Thomas
Williams, William Williams, James F. Wilson, John
T. Wilson, and Stephen F. Wilson—80.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Delos R.
Ashley. James M. Ashley, Baldwin, Banks, Benja-
min, Bingham, Bromwell, Buckland, Butler, Chan-
ler, Reader W. Clarke, Driggs, Finney, Garfield,
Hooper, Asahel W. Hubbard, Chester D. IXubbard,
Richard D. Hubbard, Hulburd, Keteham, Kitchen,
Lincoln, Lynch, McCarthy, McCullough, Morgan,
Morrigsey, Nicholson, Plants, Poland, Pomeroy,
Raum, Robertson, Selye, Shellabarger, Spalding,
Starkweather, Thaddeus Stevens, Stokes, Taffe, Van
Trump, Van Wyck, and Wood—45.
So the House refused to lay on the table the
motion to reconsider the vote by which the bill
was recommitted.
During the roll-call the following announce-
ments were made:
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. My colleague, Mr.
Poland, who, if he were here, would vote ay
ou this motion, is paired with the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Spalding.]
Mr. NI BLACK. I desire to state that the
gentleman from Delaware [Mr. Nicholson] is
still confined to his room by sickness.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. Myeolleague,
Mr. Spalding, who is in favor of this bill, is
paired with the gentleman from Vermont, [Mr.
Poland.]
The result of the vote was announced as
above stated.
The question then recurred on seconding the
demand for the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The question then recurred on reconsidering
the vote by which the bill had been recom-
mitted to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. ELDRIDGE demanded the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. JULIAN. I withdraw the motion to
recommit, which brings the bill before the
House; and yield to the gentleman from Ten-
nessee [Mr. Arnell] and the gentleman from
Missouri [Mr. Pile] to offer their amendments.
Mr. ARN E LL submitted the following amend-
ment :
Provided, This forfeiture shall not apply to the
grant of lands made by the United States to the State
of Alabama for the Tennessee and Alabama Central
railroad, which is now known as the Nashville and
Decatur railroad.
Mr. PILE. I submit the following amend-
ment:
Provided farther, That this act shall not apply to
lands granted by the United States to the State of
Alabama to aid in the construction of ecrtain rail-
roads insa id Stateby act of Congress, approvedJuno
30. 185G, winch lands were granted by the State of
Alabama to the Alabama and Tennessee River Rail-
road Company.
Mr. JULIAN. I now demand the previous
question.
Mr. HOLMAN. I hope the gentleman will
let me move an amendment.
Mr. BLAINE. I ask to submit an amend-
ment.
Mr. JULTAN. I demand the previous ques-
tion on the bill and amendments.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. BLAINE. Let my amendment be read.
Objection was made.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I move to reconsider
the vote by which the main question was or-
dered, so the amendment may be read.
Mr. BLAINE. And I desire to make a
personal statement.
i Mr. UPSON. I move that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
Mr. BLAINE. I demand the yeas and naya.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. ROSS moved that the House adjourn.
The motion was agreed to ; and thereupon
(at five o'clock and five minutes p. m.) the
House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. BEAMAN: The petition of Moses
W. Field and others, of Detroit, Michigan,
praying for a reduction of taxation.
Also, the petition of Buchanan & Carrol and
others, of Detroit, Michigan, praying for the
reduction of taxes, the reduction of the Army
and Navy, and the sum asked for the civil ser-
vice.
By Mr. CAKE: The petition of Benjamin
Bannan and others, of Pottsville, Pennsylvania,
in favor of a protective tariff, setting forth that
the domestic industry of the country cannot be
developed and sustained with labor in Eng-
land about one half and on the continent about
one third the wages now paid in this country,
(wages that cannot be lowered while the prices
of the common necessaries of life rule as high
as at present, and wages that will never be as
low as before the rebellion,) unless we impose
duties on foreign fabrics equal to the differ-
ence in their production at home and abroad.
By Mr. CARY: The resolutions of a publio
meeting of citizens of the District of Colum-
bia, at Carroll Hall, on the 10th of January,
asserting the rights of American citizens in
foreign lands.
By Mr. CHURCHILL: The petition of
Selden P. Clark, for pay and allowances of
captain of infantry from October 31 to Decem-
ber 20, 1861.
Also, the petition of Anthony Buclier, for
payment of Treasury note destroyed by fire.
Also, the petition of John M. Larmonth, for
repayment of commutation money.
By Mr. CORNELL: The memorial of Kate
Wright Adams, widow of late Lieutenant Com-
mander La Rue Adams, United States Navy,
for a pension.
Also, a memorial of 1.000 citizens of Ul-
ster and Green counties, New York, that the
rights of naturalized citizens of America be
