984
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 5,
answers, as I suppose, the Senator from Cali-
fornia in regard to his charge of inconsistent
conduct by the Attorney General.
Now, sir, as to the speech or remark of that
officer at some political meeting, I do not see
that it deserves the prominence in this debate
which has been given it. 1 suppose that the
Attorney General, like the Senator from Cali-
fornia and myself outside of the Senate, has
outside of the office of Attorney General a per-
fect right to address the people of this country
so long as it is done in a civil and gentlemanly
manner upon any public question whatever;
that there is no impropriety in doing it; and
that neither one of the individuals supposed
renders himself obnoxious to public censure or
condemnation. The Attorney General did not
attempt on the occasion to which the Senator
refers to do what he alleges, that is, to pro-
nounce a judgment upon these laws. He sim-
ply did what he had done before in his com-
munication to the President and openly in the
Supreme Court when giving his reasons for not
appearing in a particular case.
Mr. CoNNESS. That was subsequently.
Mr. BUCKALEW. Subsequently. He sim-
ply expressed his opinion as an individual and
as a member of the legal profession upon those
laws.
But, Mr. President, passing from these per-
sonal aspects of the debate, 1 will say a word
or two upon the resolution. This resolution
is very sweeping. It confers, or is intended
to confer, power upon the Secretary of War
to employ counsel without limit in all possible |
Cases that may arise in ail parts of the country,
and, as I understand it, in all sorts of courts;
and it will authorize him, as I suppose, to |
make any bargains he pleases. He may give
Euch magnificent fees as were given to the j
associate counsel in the Surratt trial here, the
little bit of a fee of .>5,000 for sitting down
and assisting the regular law officer of the
Government whose duty it was to conduct the
prosecution. Whether this is to be adminis-
tered in a way to produce favoritism or to lead
to favoritism 1 do not know. Whether his :
patronage is to be distributed to members of
Congress or to be confined to professional gen-
tlemen outside of itl do not know. One fact,
however, does appear before us and is undis-
puted, and that is that no case has arisen for
the interposition of the Secretary of War; no
single case, such as is contemplated by this
resolution, has arisen in the Supreme Court
here or in any of the district or circuit courts
of the United States. I think it will be time
enough for Congress, by a grave resolution, to
authorize the Secretary of War to employ
counsel for the defense of his Department or
of military officers connected with his Depart-
ment or subject to its orders when the case has
arisen and when Congress knows what it is.
I think the better plan would be to leave this
question of the employment of counsel upon
the footing on which it has heretofore stood.
Let the Secretary of War go on and employ
counsel, if a clearly proper case arises, and
Congress will not object to vote an appropria-
tion to pay them, provided the fee is a mod-
erate and reasonable one. We ought not to be
called upon to act on this subject at all except
in the way of making some small appropria-
tion hereafter on the recommendation of the
Secretary of War; and if in that manner we
vote the public funds to this object we shall be
very certain they will not be squandered, but
only a necessary and proper amount will be
applied to this particular purpose. If, how-
ever, the Senate is disposed to enact this
measure I shall not care to ask a formal divis-
ion upon it; but I thought it proper to express
my dissent from the propriety and necessity of
the enactment of this resolution.
Mr. DAVIS. I happened to be present when
the Attorney General made his argument
against the motion to enjoin the President in
executing the acts of Congress. The Attorney
General stated distinctly in that argument that
he did not base his resistance to the motion
upon the validity of the acts. On the contrary,
he said distinctly that he entertained no doubt
of the unconstitutionality of the acts; and if
his course was to be regulated by that consid-
eration he would range himself with the coun-
sel who moved for the injunction; but lie
assumed the ground that the President of the
United States was not suable; and in conse
quence of his not being suable the Supreme
Court had no jurisdiction over the subject. As
an humble member of the profession, I dis-
sented wholly from that position of the Attor-
ney General. I believed that the President
was suable. I believed that the President
and every officer of the Government who tran-
scended his duty, who acted outside of the law
and without any authority of the law, was a
trespasser, and was as much a trespasser as
any private citizen, and that he was as much
subject to a suit or any other legal proceed-
ing as any private citizen is. I make this
statement in relation to the ground that the
Attorney General assumed because of what is
due to him ; but, at the same time, the position
which he assumed in the case in resisting the
motion for an injunction I myself totally dis-
sent from.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate without amendment, ordered to be en-
grossed for a third reading, read the third
time, and passed. A message was subsequently
received from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Lloyd, its Chief Clerk, announcing its
passage by that body.
supplementary reconstruction bill.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
bill (H. R. No. 439) additional and supple-
mentary to an act entitled "An act to provide
for the more efficient government of the rebel
States," passed March 2, 1867, and to the acts
supplementary thereto, the pending question
being on the motion of Mr. Doolittle, to refer
the bill to the Committee on the Judiciary,
with the instructions proposed by him.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, addressed the
Senate. His speech will be published in the
Appendix.
Mr. DRAKE. Mr. President 
Mr. SHERMAN. If the Senator will give
way I will  ove an executive session.
Mr. DRAKE. I do not wish that any busi-
ness shall interpose to prevent the considera-
tion of this subject to-morrow. ["Oh, no."]
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If this
motion be agreed to it will leave the Senator
entitled to the floor at one o'clock to-morrow.
Mr. DRAKE. Of course I do not expect to
address the Senate at this late hour in the
afternoon, and I will give way to the motion
of the Senator from Ohio.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness.
Mr. JOHNSON. Will the honorable mem-
ber withdraw that motion to enable me to say
a single word ?
Mr. SHERMAN. Certainly.
Mr. JOHNSON. I only rise for the purpose
of saying that at the proper time I shall endea-
vor to vindicate my State from the charge
made against it by the honorable member from
Maine, [Mr. Morrill,] and I think I shall be
able to show that her government is republican
in point of form within the meaning of the
Constitution, and that what she has done and
is doing now is what she has the constitutional
right to do.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced that
the House had passed a bill (H. R. No. 267)
to declare forfeited to the United States cer-
tain lands granted to aid in the construction
of railroads in the States of Alabama, Missis-
sippi, Louisiana, and Florida, and for other
purposes, i n which it requested the concurrence
of the Senate.
government agents.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire. I
am directed by the Committee on Retrench-
ment, to whom was recommitted the bill (S.
No. 269) in addition to an act entitled "An
act to regulate the tentire of certain civil offi-
cers," to report it back with an amendment.
I report it now, that the amendment may be
printed.
house i!ill referred.
The bill (II. R. No. 207) to declare forfeited
to the United States certain lands granted to
aid in the construction of railroads in the
States of Alabama, Mississippi, Louisiana, and
Florida, and for other purposes, was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Public Lands.
admission of colorado.
Mr. RAMSEY submitted an amendment
intended to be proposed by him to the bill
(S. No. 11) to admit the State of Colorado into
the Union ; which was received informally, and
ordered to be printed.
executive session.
Mr. SHERMAN. I renew my motion.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of executive
business. After some time spent in executive
session the doors were reopened, and the Sen-
ate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, February 5, 1868.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boynton.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
i mkmber-elect sworn.
Hon. John Beatty, member-elect from tha
eighth congressional district of Ohio, ap-
peared at the bar and wa3 duly qualified.
ltock island bridge.
Mr. HOLMAN. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion, and move to reconsider the vote by which
joint resolution No. l'J3, relative to the Rock
Island bridge, was referred to the Committee on
i' Military Affairs, and also move that that mo-
tion be laid on the table. It was the under-
standing of the House that it should not be
brought before the House except by regular
report.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mich-
igan [Mr. Driggs] submitted a motion to re-
consider the various votes which had been
taken, and that motion was laid on the table.
| That covered, the Chair thinks, the joint reso-
lution to which the gentleman refers.
Mr. HOLMAN. Then I withdraw my mo-
tion.
road from washington to pennsylvania.
Mr. COOK, by unanimous consent, from the
Committee on Roads and Canals, reported back
a bill (H. R. No. 470) to authorize the build-
ing of a railroad from Washington city, Dis-
trict of Columbia, to connect with the Northern
Central railroad at or near the State line between
the States of Pennsylvania and Maryland, and
moved that it be printed and recommitted.
The motion was agreed to.
protection 01' witnesses.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, by unanimous con-
sent, moved to take from the Speaker's table
a bill (S. No. 306) for the protection in certain
cases of persons making disclosures as parties
or testifying as witnesses, and that it be referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
southern land grants.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I demand
the regular order of business.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is the unfinished business of last evening,
the pending motion being to lay upon the table
the motion to reconsider the vote by which the
main question was ordered on House bill No.
267, to declare forfeited to the United States
certain lands granted to aid in the construction
of railroads in the States of Alabama, Missis-
sippi, Louisiana, and Florida, and for other
purposes, and the pending amendments.
