1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
989
man in regard to the reports as made by the i
phonographic writers here ; and I say this with- 1
out nn_v reference to the matter now under dis-
cussion. tor I do not know what its merits are.
Mr. .MARSHALL resumed the floor.
Mr. FILE. Will the gentleman yield to me
for a moment?
Mr. MARSHALL. I will in a moment. In
th. confusion that often prevails in this Hall
the report as made by the reporters is often
necessarily exceedingly imperfect and inaccu-
rate, and it is certainly the better practice to
look over and correct the report before it goes
to press. If the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Schenck.] does not look over the notes of the
reporters he is the exception, and it is unques-
tionably the general rule to do so and the gen-
eral practice of members upon this floor.
In regard to the use of the word ''amplifi-
cation," I certainly do uot intend to use it in
its broadest sense. It may be proper to make
this explanation : I am never in the habit of
adding anything to the remarks which I have
made and modifying and qualifying the lan-
guage so as to change the sense in any particular;
but upon this particular occasion I was called
to the floor unexpectedly, and as we went be-
yond the subject before the House and engaged
in the debate of partisan politics, and I made
some charges against the dominant party, I
stated before taking my seat that I should wish
to add some tables and additions in the pub-
lished speech and no objection was made. Sev-
eral gentlemen near me remember that well, as
they now inform me. Before yielding the floor to
the gentleman from Missouri, [Mr. Pile,] who
bad appealed to me to yield him ten minutes of
my time—which he will remember I did—I made
the statement that I should want to add some
tables and explanations of the charges that I
had made in my remarks. I will yield now to
the gentleman from Missouri, as I have referred
to him and to the brief colloquy which took
place between us on that occasion.
One word, however, before I do so in regard
to t lie time that the notes were withheld. Many
gentlemen here will remember the fact that at
the time I delivered those remarks I was quite
unwell. The report of my remarks was not
brought to me until eleven o'clock that even-
ing, when I was retiring to my bed. I sent
word back to the Globe office that I could not
possibly correct them that night for publication,
and consequently retained the manuscript in
my possession.
It laid bv me several days before I could
turn my attention to it or even look into it. I
finally got time to compile the tables I desired
to make, corrected the report, put in the ta-
bles I desired, and sent the report as corrected
to the Globe office for publication. That is
the course I pursued and all that I did in the
matrer. I repeat there is not one idea in the
published report otherwise than as here stated
that was not delivered orally in the House at
that time. I now yield to the gentleman from
Missouri, [Mr. Pile.]
Mr. PILE. I do not intend to participate
in this discussion ffny further than to say that
the statement of the gentleman from Illinois,
[Mr. Marshall,] that he yielded the floor to
me for ten minutes, and that I held the floor
that evening for ten minutes by his courtesy,
is true. In reference to my asking his per-
mission to withhold my remarks made the fol-
lowing morning for the purpose of modification
and change 
Mr. MARSHALL. I did not regard it as
asking my permission, but as a mere remark to
me as I was passing by.
Mr. PILE. I did say to the gentleman, in
regard to the remarks I made the next morn-
ing, that I might withhold them from the Globe
for one day for the purpose of revision ; and
that if I concluded to do so I asked him if I
should also withhold the remarks which he had
made, and which had been projected in the
center of my remarks. It will be remembered
by the House that I yielded to the gentleman
from Illinois, and that he occupied five minutes
in the remarks which I made the following
morning, and I did not wish to withhold them
without his permission, I proposed to with-
hold my own remarks for revision ; I only used
the word "revision."' Atter the report was
sent to my desk by the reporters of the Globe
I looked over them, made one or two altera-
tions, and sent them to the Globe for publica-
tion. I do not wish it understood that I desired
to withhold my remarks for modification aud
amplification.
Mr. MARSHALL. The statement of the
gentleman from Missouri [Mr. Pile] is, I
believe, entirely accurate. I do not iutend to
be understood as stating that there was any
arrangement between us. I made the state-
ment as to what did occur merely to show that
my colleague [Mr. Logan] was wholly and
entirely in error in regard to the manner in
which I obtained the floor, the time during
which I occupied it, and all the circumstances
in regard to it.
I Mr. LOGAN. If the gentleman has con-
cluded his remarks 
I Mr. MARSHALL. I will yield to my col-
league for such explanation as he may wish to
make.
Mr. LOGAN. If the gentleman is through
I desire to reply to a remark or two he has
made.
Mr. MARSHALL. If the gentleman will
not accept the courtesy at my hands, I can but
interpret it that after I have yielded the floor
absolutely he expects to obtain some advantage
by getting the last word on this occasion. I
shall rely with confidence upon the courtesy
of the House to be allowed to say what may
be necessary in jastice to myself. '
Mr. BURR. I hare toeard from both of my
colleagues [Mr. Logan and Mr. Marshall] on
thispersonal question. That, I think, is enough,
and therefore I now demand the regular order
of business.
Mr. LOGAN. That, I think, would be an
act of discourtesy.
Mr. MARSHALL. I am on the floor, I
believe.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is entitled
to the floor by unanimous consent.
Mr. MARSHALL. I do not wish to cut off
my colleague at all; but if he does not wish to
accept a courtesy at my hands he may ask it of
the House.
Mr. LOGAN. I shall certainly be willing
to have the gentleman reply to anything I may
say.
Mr. MARSHALL. I will conclude by merely
adding that an altercation of this kind is to me,
with my ideas and instincts of propriety, ex-
ceedingly unpleasant. I am conscious that
I have done nothing not sanctioned by the
practice and usages of the House, and I am
willing to take the sense not of the House
merely but of the gentlemen of the opposite
side, who are not in sympathy with me politi-
cally. I will have no hesitation in leaving it
to them to determine whether what I have now
stated here is not in perfect and strict accord-
ance with the fact.
My colleague was entirely mistaken in his
recollection in regard to the fact—with regard
to the time when I obtained the floor, the time
that I occupied the floor, and almost eTery-
thing in reference to the matter. And I deem
it most extraordinary that, in my absence from
my seat, he should have sought the floor to
make the remarks that he has made this morn-
ing in regard to the question now before the
House. It would, at least, be well for him to
improve his memory and make sure of his
facts before making another raid of this char-
acter.
Now, sir, I do not admit the right of my col-
league, from any position that he occupies
here or before the country, to become ray cen-
sor in regard to anything here or elsewhere.
I occupy a position as a gentleman and as a
man of honor that is not to be affected by any
remarks that may be made by my colleague
now or upon any other occasion.
Mr. LOGAN. Mr. Speaker 
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to the
gentleman from Illinois continuing this dis-
cussion ?
Mr. LOGAN. I desire just a few moments.
Mr. CHANLER. If the gentleman will
limit himself to five minutes I will not object.
Mr. LOGAN. I prefer to be governed by
the sense of the House, not by the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Chanler.]
Mr. CHANLER. Then if the gentleman
will not accept the courtesy of gentlemen on
this side I object.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York objects.
Mr. LOGAN. I only ask the House to ex-
tend to me the courtesy that has always been
extended to other gentlemen. I do not see
why it is that I for some few days have not
been allowed by gentlemen here the same cour-
tesies that other gentlemen are always allowed.
I claim now only a few moments to reply to
some remarks of my colleague which certainly
call for a replication at my hands.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
New York withdraw his objection?
Mr. CHANLER. I do not unless the gen-
tleman consents to limit himself to five minutes.
Mr. LOGAN. The House can put any lim-
itation upon me that it may think proper.
Mr. CHANLER. Then I object.
Mr. LOGAN. Well, I will consent under
duress to the limitation of five minutes insisted
on by the gentleman from New York.
Mr. MARSHALL. I hope that the gentle-
man from New York will withdraw his objec-
tion.
Mr. CHANLER. At the request of the gen-
tleman from Illinois [Mr. Marshall] I with-
draw my objection.
The SPEAKER. Objection being with-
drawn, the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Lo-
gan] is entitled to the floor unconditionally.
The Chair will, however, state that the morn-
ing hour will expire in five minutes.
Mr. LOGAN. In regard to what my col-
league has said about his being a gentleman, I
have nothing to say; nor have I anything to
say in reply to his remarks about my affecting
his standing as a gentleman. I do not desire
to affect it. I do not desire to reply to insinu-
ations made in such bitterness and coming
from the lips of a gentleman so highly culti-
vated that he can insinuate here that I am an
illiterate man. I desire not to say anything to
affect the honesty, the moral integrity, or the
personal standing of any gentleman who stands
so high that he can cast an insinuation of that
kind upon a colleague in this House. True it
is, I was not educated in any of the higher
colleges, nor wag my colleague. I was edu-
cated, however, in a town that had church-
steeples. Whether my colleague can say as
much is for him to answer. I do not claim
that I am one of the highly-educated gentle-
men of this House; I claim no such thing.
But I will say to my colleague that he, with
his own knowledge of his own abilities and
erudition, should be the last man to insinuate
anything against the education or abilities of
any man on this floor.
Mr. MARSHALL. I do not desire to carry
this any further. My colleague is mistaken.
I made no reference to his education. I do
not know whether he is educated or not.
[Laughter.] It is a matter of no importance
to me.
Mr. LOGAN- I am sure of that. The gen-
tleman suggests there never is any necessity
for me to revise my remarks on account of my
extraordinary education. He knows, every
one knows, the meaning of those terms. But
I care nothing about that. We both live in the
same county, both represent the same constit-
uency ; and I am willing for them to determine
who stands higher or has character or reputa-
tion to be tarnished by the other.
Now, I say this, sir, so far as the charge
against my colleague is concerned of interpo-
lating remarks that he did not make, when he
says that charge is unfounded he pettifogs.
Being a lawyer and having practiced many
times, as I have myself, before a justice of the
