1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
991
The SPEAKER. The joint resolution is
not before the House.
Mr. HANI)ALL. I call for the regular
order.
Mr. GARFIELD. I move to proceed to the
business on the Speaker's table.
The motion was agreed to.
smith and wesson.
The first business upon the Speaker's table
was Senate bill No. 229, for the relief of
Horace Smith and D. B. Wesson, or their
assigns; which was taken up, and read a first
and second time.
Mr. JENCKES. I ask that this bill be
now put upon its passage. The Committee on
Patents have had this case under consideration,
aud are in favor of the passage of this bill. It
is merely to correct a mistake. I ask action
on it at the present time.
The bill was read at length. It provides
that Horace Smith and D. B. Wesson, or their
assigns, shall have leave to make application
to the Commissioner of Patents for an exten-
sion of letters patent for improvement in re-
peating fire-arms issued to said Smith & Wes-
son on February 14, 1854, for the term of
fourteen years, and reissued on the 10th of
October of the same year, in the same manner
as if the petition for said extension had been
filed at least ninety days prior to the expira-
tion of said patent; and that the Commissioner
of Patents be authorized to consider and de-
termine said application in the same manner
as if it had been filed ninety days before the
expiration of said patent.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope the
gentleman from Rhode Island [Mr. Jenckes]
will not insist upon putting this bill on its
passage now.
Mr. JENCKES. It is to correct an error.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I think
the bill should be referred.
Mr. JENCKES. Very well; let it be re-
ferred to the Committee on Patents.
The motion to refer was agreed to.
towns, etc., on public lands.
The next business upon the Speaker's table
was Senate bill No. 188, to amend an act enti-
tled "An act for the relief of the inhabitants
of cities and towns upon the public lands,"
approved March 2, 1807 ; which was taken up,
and read a first and second time.
Mr. GARFIELD. I move that the bill be
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
The motion to refer was agreed to.
spanish steamer nuestra senora.
The next business upon the Speaker's table
was the Senate joint resolution No. (j0, to pro-
vide for the payment of the proceeds of the
sale of the Spanish steamer Nuestra Senora
de la Regla; which was taken up, and read a
first and second time.
Mr. PIKE moved that the bill be referred
to the Committee ou Foreign Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
SURVEY NO. 3217.
The next business upon the Speaker's table
was the bill of the Senate (No. 166) for the
relief of the owners of land within the United
States survey No. 3217, in the State of Mis-
souri ; which was taken up, and read a first and
second time.
Mr. JULIAN. I move that the bill be
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
The motion to refer was agreed to.
national currency, etc.
The next business upon the Speaker's table
was Senate bill No. 283, to further amend an
act entitled "An act to provide a national cur-
rency secured by a pledge of United States
bonds, and to provide for the circulation and
redemption thereof," approved June 3, 18G4 ;
which was taken up, and read a first and second
time.
Mr. HUBBARD, of West Virginia. I move
that the bill be referred to the Committee on
Banking and Currency.
The motion to refer was agreed to.
missouri troops.
The next business upon the Speaker's table
was Senate joint resolution No. 81, placing
certain troops of Missouri on an equal footing
with others; which was taken up, and read a
first and second time. j
Mr. McCLURG. I desire that this joint
resolution shall be put on its passage now.
Mr. HOLMAN. I think the resolution
ought to be referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs.
The joint resolution, which was read, pro-
vides that the troops recognized in an act en-
titled "An act making appropriations for com-
pleting the defenses of Washington, and for
other purposes," approved February 13, 1802,
shall be considered as placed on an equal foot-
ing with other volunteers as to bounties, and that
all laws relating to bounties be applicable to
them as to other volunteers.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move
that this bill be referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illi-
nois cannot make that motion. The gentle-
man from Missouri [Mr. McClurg] is entitled
to the floor.
Mr. McCLURG. I desire to make a brief
statement; and I am satisfied that if gentle-
men will give me their attention neither the
gentleman from Illinois nor any other mem-
ber will ask the reference of this bill to a
committee.
This question has already been fully consid-
ered by this House. An enactment similar to
this has already been passed by the House
three times during this and the Thirty-Ninth
Congress. This joint resolution has, virtually,
been twice passed during the present Congress.
The Committee on Military Affairs of the
Thirty-Ninth Congress considered this sub-
ject; and this House put into a bounty bill
which was passed during that Congress the
1 very language of this joint resolution. That
bill went to the Senate, where it was not con-
! sidered. During last March, soon after the
opening of the Fortieth Congress, a joint res-
] olution in the identical words of the present
resolution was introduced and passed in this
House. That resolution went to the Senate,
j where it was passed. It was duly enrolled,
and was signed by the Presiding Officers of
the two Houses ; butthrough an oversight of the
chairman of the Senate Committee on Enrolled
Bills it remained in his desk until after Con-
gress had taken its recess; so that it did not
1 reach the President till after the commence-
ment of that recess. The President considered
the recess to be such an adjournment as pre-
vented him from signing the joint resolution.
He indorsed upon it, not his objections to it,
I but the reasons why he did not feel able to
I sign it, and filed it in the office of the Secre-
tary of State.
At the session last July an attempt was made
to revive the joint resolution. A concurrent
resolution was adopted by this House directing
that the bill be reenrolled and again signed by
the Presiding Officers of the two Houses. That
concurrent resolution was not acted upon by
the Senate, because that body had resolved
to take up no business relating to any other
subject than reconstruction, and also because
Senators differed upon the question whether
the adoption of that resolution would revive
the bill.
At the present session the Senate has acted
upon this subject, and has passed a joint reso-
lution which is a precise copy of that which has
already several times passed this House. This
joint resolution has just been read at the
Clerk's desk. The House is now merely asked
to reaffirm the action ithas alreadytaken three
several times. I will simply add that the
chairman of the Committee on Military Affairs
| has no desire that this subject shall be referred
1 to that committee.
j I now call the previous question,
j Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Mr. Speak-
I er, I would inquire whether in a case involving
a million dollars or more no debate is to be
allowed?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from
Missouri [Mr. McClurg] has demanded the
previous question, and debate is not in order.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I appeal to
the House not to sustain the previous question.
On seconding the demand for the previous
question there were—ayes 40, noes 54.
Mr. McCLURG. I call for tellers.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. McCluro and
Mr. Washburne of Illinois were appointed.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Would it
be in order, before the vote is taken, to have
read the laws which this joint resolution pro-
poses to repeal?
The SPEAKER. That would be in the na-
ture of debate, and debate is not in order
pending the demand for the previous question.
The House divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes thirty-five, noes not counted.
So the previous question was not seconded.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move
that it be referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to
reconsider the vote just taken ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
employment of counsel.
The next business upon the Speaker's table
was Senate joint resolution No. 99, to author-
ize the Secretary of War to employ counsel in
certain cases; which was read a first and sec-
ond time.
The joint resolution authorizes the Secretary
of War to employ counsel for the defense of
the General of the Army, Major General George
G. Meade, and Brevet Brigadier General
Thomas H. Ruger, provisional governor of
Georgia, or any other officer or person in-
trusted with the enforcement of the recon-
struction acts, or either of them, against any
suit or proceeding in any court in relation to
their official acts.
Mr. GARFIELD. Mr. Speaker, in explana-
tion of the purpose of the joint resolution I
send up the letter of the Secretary of War, and
ask that it be read.
The Clerk read as follows :
War Department.
Washington City, Februm-y 5, 1868.
Sir: General Meade and General Iiuger, in Georgia,
ha re applied to this Department to defend them in
a suit about to be prosecuted in the Supremo Court
of the United States by the late Governor Jenkins
against them for an injunction against their official
acts under the reconstruction acts of Congress. I
would respectfully recommend the immediate pas-
sage of a joint resolution authorizing the Secretary
of War to employ counsel for the purpose indicated'.
The power might be exercised, perhaps, without such
special authority; but it might be well for Congress
to indicate its view for their indemnification.
Yours truly,
E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War.
Hon. Hrnry Wilson,
Chairman of Military Committee of the Senate.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I wish to put a question
to the gentleman from Ohio. I thought we
had an Attorney General, whom we paid a high
salary, to perform this duty ; and I want to ask
the gentleman what has become of him, and
why he is not on hand to plead th; cause of
the country before our courts ?
Mr. GARFIELD. The question is well put,
and the only answer I can give, so far as I know,
is that the Attorney General whom we pay is
employing a large portion of his time in writing
vetoes of reconstruction bills and making
speeches to Democratic meetings, and I suppose
he is so fully employed that he cannot give his
attention to a matter of this sort. [Laughter.]
General Meade has removed the late acting
Governor of Georgia because he was an obstruc-
tion to the administration of the laws. Now
that Governor has brought a suit against Gen-
eral Meade and against the officers who are aid-
ing in reconstruction. The Secretary of War,
| therefore, asks us to empower him to employ
! some one to defend General Meade or any offi-
I cer of the Army engaged in carrying out the
