1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
995
that he did not. I still answer that he does
not, unless he is authorized to perform the
duties of one of five positions, and of five
only; superintendent, commandant, or assist-
ant instructor in artillery, cavalry, or infantry
tactics. I suppose that there are thirty or forty
officers of the Army on duty at a time at West
Point, only five of whom receive any additional
fay by reason of being ordered on duty there. .
answered generally in reply to that question,
and in that view my answer was correct.
Mr. PAINE. I withdraw my amendment
to the amendment.
The question recurred upon the amendment
of Mr. Sohexck.
Mr. SCHENCK. I will modify my amend-
ment in accordance with the suggestion of the
gentleman from Wisconsin, [Mr. Paine,] so
that it will read:
For additional pay of officers, and fbr pay of in-
structors, cadets, and musicians, #182,747 50.
And if it be not a sin to know what the law is,
I will still insist upon having members here
understand what they are about.
I say that the gentleman from Maine [Mr.
Blaine] is mistaken in his last explanation;
and if the gentlemen of the committee had
read with any care the estimates upon which
they base their appropriation bill, (as I am
bound to presume they did, and therefore I ,
must attribute their mistakes to forgetfulness,) ,
they would have found even in the estimates j
themselves everything just as I have stated it.
The first item is, "Superintendent of the Mil-
itary Academy, (colonel,)"—for that is the
rank he takes by reason of being sent there— :
"in addition to pay as captain of engineers," \
so much. It amounts in the aggregate to
$1,078 50; that is, in addition to his pay as a
regular Army officer. His pay as a regular
Army officer is provided for in the Army bill;
and the West Point bill is only intended to
make appropriation for these additions to his
pay-
But the gentleman from Maine says that
there are only some five officers in that condi-
tion. Either he is mistaken in regard to the
law on the subject, or the estimates are all
wrong, because among the officers enumerated
in the estimates I find the following:
"Assistant professor of ethics, in addition to pay
as first lieutenant of artillery.
' "Assistant professor of chemistry, geology, and
mineralogy, in addition to pay as first lieutenant of
artillery.
" Assistant professor of French, in addition to pay
as first lieutenant of artillery.
" Assistant professor of Spanish, in addition to pay
as first lieutenant of artillery.
" Assistant professor of drawing, in addition to pay
as first lieutenant of artillery.
"Commandant of the corps of cadets, (lieutenant
colonel,) in addition to pay as captain of infantry.
L " Adjutant of the Military Academy, in addition
to pay as first lieutenant of artillaTy. _
Assistant instructor of cavalry tactics, in addition
to pay as lieutenant of cavalry.
" Assistant instructor of artillery tactics, in addi-
tion to pay as first lieutenant of artillery."
And so on to the end.
Mr. BLAINE. Where do you find that?
Mr. SCHENCK. On page 213 of the esti-
mates on which you drew up the bill.
I do not know whether or not I am wrong in
bringing this matter to the attention of the
House; but I aver that the Army bill makes
appropriations for the pay of these officers as
officers of the Army. This West Point bill
ought not to be deceptive in its provisions. It
onght to be understood that this is intended to
appropriate only such sums as are given, in
addition to the regular pay of these Army offi-
cers, for the service which they are performing
at West Point. My object was to make the
bill tell a true tale and show that this appro-
priation for West Point does not include the
pay of Army officers as such, which is pro-
vided for in the general Army bill. In the
West Point bill we make appropriations to pay
the cadets, to pay the musicians, to pay those
professors and instructors who are not at the
same time officers of the Army, and to pay
the additional compensation of the Army offi-
cers who are on duty there as superintendent,
commandant, instructors, &c. Many of the
professors—all the assistant professors, I be-
lieve—are at the same time Army officers.
Mr. BLAINE. Mr. Chairman, the gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Schenck] is very well !
posted about military matters; and I am in j
the habit of deferring to his judgment on such !
subjects. But in this case I think I am right,
as I believe his candor will acknowledge when
I have explained the matter further.
The gentleman reads, "assistant professor
of ethics, in addition to pay as first lieutenant
of artillery.'' Why, sir, the professor of ethics
is the chaplain of the post, and the law says
that he shall have the pay of a first lieutenant
of artillery. Then it is provided that he shall
have so much in addition to the pay of a first
lieutenant of artillery.
Mr. SCHENCK. I appeal now to the can-
dor of my friend from Maine. I did not speak
of the professor of ethics, who, I know, is
chaplain. I was talking about the assistant
professor of ethics, who is a first lieutenant of
artillery, and in addition to his pay as such
gets twenty dollars per month or $240 per
year.
Mr. BLAINE. It by no mean§ follows that
whoever gets that position, whether in the
Army or out of it, would get the pay estab-
lished by law as being that of a first lieu-
tenant.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I will
have to move that tire committee rise for the
purpose of closing the debate on this para-
graph, unless we have unanimous consent to
go on with the bill without further debate on
the paragraph.
Mr. ROSS. I object.
Mr. Schenck's amendment was rejected.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move to reduce the
amount one dollar, and I do it for the purpose
of calling the attention of the committee to the
letter of General Pitcher, superintendent of
the West Point Military Academy, in which he
explains, under " current and ordinary ex-
penses," why the estimate for the coming year
is a little larger than for the preceding year.
I ask the Clerk to read an extract from his
letter.
The Clerk read as follows:
"1. Current and ordinary expense*.—The amount
asked for for these purposes exceeds the amount ap-
propriated for the present year by the sum of $6,338,
and this amount is required to meet the greatly
increased value of lumber, hardware, and building
materials necessary lor repairs, as well as to provide
a salary for an experienced engineer to take charge
of the new steam-heating apparatus for warming the
public buildings. The difficulty in enlisting compe-
tent mechanics compels me to hire skilled workmen
to aid in carrying on the necessary repairs and im-
provements. whose services are also to be paid from
this fund. The increase thus referred to will further
permit the salaries of the disbursing clerk, the adju-
tant's and treasurer's clerks, to be raised, should the
recommendations so urgently pressed heretofore meet
with approval."
Mr. MAYNARD. I believe in economy of
expense, and I appeal to gentlemen that I
have manifested that in all my service here.
But there is a kind of economy that saves at
the spigot while gallons are going out at the
bung-hole. If the gentleman will bring in a
general system of reduction of expenditures
so as to be felt in the general financial affairs
of the country he will find no one who will
support him more earnestly than I will. But
here the superintendent of the Military Acad-
emy at West Point asks for an additional
amount of $6,000, which he asserts officially
to be absolutely necessary on account of the
increased price of materials, and to deny
it, to scrimp in a little matter of that kind,
seems to be unworthy of the House. I am
opposed to that kind of economy, which is
parsimony, and not one which Governments or
private individuals should indulge in. Unless
the gentleman from Illinois has something to
contravene this statement made by this officer
of the school, I hope the House will give the
appropriation asked for in consequence of the
increased price of materials.
Mr. BLAINE. He asks for an increase of
appropriation of $6,000, because, as is alleged^
of the inereased value of lumber and all other
building materials. Now, every one knows that
the prices in this country, instead of going up,
have been steadily going down. Lumber and
other materials have been continually falling
in price. Therefore the reason he assigns is
one that should cause us to reduce the appro-
priation $6,000 instead of increasing it that
sum.
Mr. MAYNARD, by unanimous consent,
withdrew his amendment to the amendment.
The pending amendment was then rejected.
The Clerk proceeded with the reading of the
bill.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I move to strike out
"four" and insert "one" in lino nineteen ; so
it will read:
For expenses of Board of Visitors, $1,000.
If there is any reason why there should bo
$4,000 for expenses attending the visit of a
board of examiners at West Point I would like
to hear the gentleman in charge of the bill
give the items which make up those expenses.
Mr. BLAINE. I will give the items at once.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I addressed myremarks
to the gentleman in charge of the bill, [Mr.
Washburne, of Illinois.]
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. If the gentle-
man will consent I will ask the gentleman from
Maine, [Mr. Blaine,] who has been a visitor
there atyl knows all about the matter, to ex-
plain it. So far as I am concerned I am will-
ing to strike out the whole of it.
Mr. INGERSOLL. So am I. Now I will
hear the gentleman from Maine on that ques-
tion.
Mr. BLAINE. It is almost entirely made up
of the ten cents a mile allowed to visitors each
way, coming and going, which is the Army
allowance for transportation, with an allow-
ance for hotel bills at West Point; which was
two weeks in my own case.
Mr.INGERSOLL. And champagne. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. BLAINE. No champagne, nor even
ale—not a single thing to drink.
Mr. PIKE. The pay of visitors to the An-
napolis Academy was $2,000 last year. By
the present bill I see it is reduced to $1,500.
I do not know why.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Because
the visitors were officers of the Navy residing
in the neighborhood.
Mr. INGERSOLL. In my opinion $1,000
is a sufficient sum to be appropriated for the
payment of the expenses of a board that will
fo there and waste no time in the examination.
insist upon the amendment. If that does not
pay their bills let the visitors pay them them-
selves.
Mr. BLAINE. I am of the opinion that
sending a board of examiners to West Point
and to the Naval Academy both is one of the
cherished humbugs of this country. They do
not do a particle of good in one instance out of
a dozen. But the law requires they should ba
sent and allows them to be paid ten cents a
mile. If a member of the board happens to
come from Oregon he draws mileage all the way
and back by the nearest mail route. In that
case the $1,000 to which the gentleman pro*
poses to reduce the sum would fall $200 snort
of paying that man.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Then he need not go.
[Laughter.]
Mr. BLAINE. We have reported this to
meet existing law, and we are not authorized,
nor is the gentleman himself or any one else
authorized, to change that law in this appropri-
ation bill.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is exhausted on
the amendment.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move pro forma to
amend by increasing the amount $1,000. The
pay of visitors at West Point is nothing in the
world except their mileage and the actual cer-
tified bill of the hotel tor their board while
there. By construction of the law they have
cut out of that, as I know full well, everything
like liquid, unless it is tea and coffee. I had
the honor of being one of tho visitors, and
