1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
999
resent themselves as heads of families, ami ask
Congress to make an appropriation to the Col-
onization Society to enable that society to assist
them in removiug from this country to Africa.
I scarcely know to what committee this petition
should be referred ; but I will move to refer it
to the Committee ou Finance as perhaps the
most appropriate.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HENDRICKS presented two memorials
of honorably discharged officers in the late
Army, protesting against the passage of the bill
prohibiting the payment of the difference be-
tween eleven and sixteen dollars per month in
the pay of officers' servants from May 1,1864,
to March 3, 1865; which were referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
reports of committees.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Finance, to whom was referred the
bill (^S. No. 207) for funding the national debt
and for the conversion of the notes of the Uni-
ted States, to report it back to the Senate with
an amendment in the nature of a substitute. I
give notice now that as soon as the debate on
reconstruction shall end I will ask the atten-
tion of the Senate to this bill.
Mr. HENDERSON, from the Committee
on Finance, reported a bill (S. No. 329) to
amend an act entitled "An act to provide a
national currency secured by a pledge of Uni-
ted States bonds, and to provide for the circu-
lation and redemption thereof,'' approved June
3,1864; which was read a first time by its title,
and passed to a second reading.
Mr. HENDERSON. I give notice that at
the earliest day practicable, as soon as the
funding bill just reported by the chairman of
the committee shall have been acted on, I
shall call this bill up for the action of the
Senate.
Mr. STEWART, from the Committee on
Public Lands, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 190) to further provide for giving
effect to the various grants of public lands to
the State of Nevada, reported it with an amend-
ment.
Mr. CHANDLER, from the Committee on
Commerce, to whom was referred a petition
of citizens of Louisiana, praying for relief for
the New Orleans, Opelousas, and Great West-
ern Railroad Company, asked to be discharged
from its further consideration, and that it be
referred to the Committee on Public Lands;
which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of John A. Ragan,
of Hinds county, Mississippi, asked to be dis-
charged from its further consideration ; which
was agreed to.
Mr. CRAGIN, from the Gommittee on Ter-
ritories, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
265) to increase the salaries of the judges of
Utah Territory, reported it without amend-
ment.
Mr. CORBETT, from the Committee on
Commerce, to whom was referred the bill (S.
No. *247) to amend an act entitled "An act to
provide for the greater security of the lives of
passengers on board of vessels propelled in
whole or in part by steam," and for other pur-
poses, reported it with amendments.
order of bbsinbss.
Mr. HOWARD. I move that the Senate
take up for consideration the bill (S. No. 256)
relating to the central branch Union Pacific
Railroad Company.
Mr. THAYER. I desire to inquire of the
Senator from Michigan if that bill is likely to
occupy any time, because there is morning
business which the consideration of bills crowds
out of the way. I should be glad to unite with
the Senator in taking up that bill after we dis-
pose of the morning business.
Mr. HOWARD. Suppose we take it up,
and then, if there is anything pressing, I will
give way to its introduction.
The motion of Mr. Howard was agreed to.
michigan and wisconsin land grants.
Mr. HOWE. Now I appeal to the Senator
and to the Senate to give me leave unani-
mously to take up the joint resolution which
was under discussion here the other day on
the amendment moved by the Senator from j
Vermont, [Mr. Edmunds,] just to take action i
on that. There will be no debate. I will con-
sent to the amendment. 1 hope the Senator i
and the Senate will allow me to take those
Mr. HOWARD. If it leads to no debate I j
will yield. , j
i _ Mr. HOWE. It will lead to no debate. If I
it does it shall be withdrawn at once.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Wisconsin asks the unanimous con- ;
sent of the Senate to proceed with the consid- ij
| eration of the joint resolution indicated by ;
him. j;
i There being no objection, the Senate re-
sumed the consideration of the joint resolu- j
tion (H. R. No. 91) concerning certain lands ,
granted to railroad companies in the States of
Michigan and Wisconsin, the pending ques-
tion being, on the amendmentof Mr. Edmunds,
to add at the end of the first section the fol-
lowing proviso:
Provided, That the provisions of this section shall !
apply only to the chartered and projected lino of j
railway from tho oity of Fond du Lac, in tho State i
of Wisconsin, northerly to Escanaba, in the State !
of Michigan; and the chartered and projected line
of railway from Marquette, in the State of Michi-
gan, westwardly to Ontonagon, in the same State.
The amendment was agreed to.
The amendment was ordered to be engrossed,
and the joint resolution to b« read & third time.
It was read a third time.
Mr. MORTON. I ask for the yeas and nays
on the passage of the resolution.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 31, nays 3 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Chandler, Conkling, Cor-
bett, Cragin, Doolittle, Drake, Edmunds, Ferry, Fes-
senden, Frelinghuysen, Harlan, Henderson, Hen-
dricks, Howard, Howe, Johnson, Morgan, Morrill of
Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Nye, Pomeroy, Ramsey,
Ross, Sherman, Sumner, Thayer, Trumbull, Wade.
Wiiley, and Williams—31.
HAYS—Messrs. Cole, Davis, and Morton—3.
ABSENT — Messrs. Bayard, Buckalew, Cameron,
Cattell, Conness, Dixon, Fowler, Grimes, Guthrie,
Norton, Patterson of New Hampshire, Patterson of
Tennessee, Saulsbury, Sprague, Stewart, Tipton,Van
Winkle.Wilson, and Yates—19.
So the joint resolution was passed.
bill introduced.
Mr. MORTON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 330) for the relief of David T. Stevenson;
which was read twice by its title, and referred
to the Committee on Pensions.
gaslight in washington.
Mr. THAYER. I submit the following res-
olution :
Itetolvcd, That the Committee on the District of
Columbiabeinstructed to inquire whether the Wash-
ington. Gaslight Company have forfeited their char-
ter by a failure to comply with any of its provisions
or on account of the inferior quality of gas furnished
by them, and what farther legislation is necessary to
secure to the city the means of lighting it in a proper
and suitable manner.
There being no objection, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the resolution.
Mr. THAYER. I desire to say that I pre-
sume all present have felt the annoyance re-
sulting from the present gas furnished by this
company for lighting.the city. I have been
told by, persons in the city that whenever a
proposition has been made by any individuals
to organize a company for the purpose of pro-
viding other means for lighting the city a good
quality ofigas has been furnished by this com-
pany ; but when the proposition has ended in
accomplishing nothing-then this company re-
turns to the kind of gas which is now furnished
for lighting the city, which I denounce as a
swindle upon the people of the city, and I de-
sire to see whether they cannot be reached—
whether a remedy cannot be furnished.
The resolution was agreed to.
vessels for war department.
Mr. DAVIS. Some days since I offered a
series of resolutions. I have now an addi-
tional resolution, asking for another class of
information, which I submit and desire to have
adopted:
lletolved, That, in addition to the information here-
tofore asked of the Secretary of War by resolution
passed by tho Sonate, he also inform the Senato the
rate per centum or Qther amount of compensation
paid to the agent or agents, brokers, or persons, with
their names, employed by the War Department for
each and every vessel purchased, chartered, em-
ployed, or taken into the service of the War Depart-
ment, and the aggregate amount which has been paid
to each and every agent, broker, or person for said
purchasing, chartering, hiring, or employing of such
vessels from thc4th March, 1861, to the presouttime,
the amount paid, and dates of each payment.
Mr. HOWARD. I object to that; let it lie
over.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection
being made, it goes over under the rule.
Mr. DAVIS. Will the honorable Senator
permit me to make a single statement ?
Mr. HOWARD. The Senator from Ken-
tucky will excuse me. I am anxious to see
that resolution ir. print, so that I may judge
of its contents ; and if it lies over it can be
called up hereafter. I hope we shall proceed
to the consideration of the bill I mentioned
before, Senate bill No. 256.
expenses in arizona and new mexico.
Mr. ROSS submitted the following resolu-
tion ; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to :
ICeiolved, That tb.e Secretary of War be requested
to communicate to tho Senate a statement, actual or
approximate, of the annual expense during the laat
three years of maintaining the military establish-
ment in the Territories of New Mexico and Arizona,
including also the cost of transportation of soldiers
and supplies to and from those Territories; and that
the Secretary of the Interior be requested to com-
municate a similar statement of the annual expenses
connected with the Indian department in New Mox-
ioo and Arizona during the same period.
naval powder magazines.
• Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN submitted the fol-
lowing resolution; which was considered by
unanimous consent, and agreed to:
Whereas it is deemed desirable by the Navy De-
partment that localities for powder magazines of the
Government which will be safer than thoso now used
in the neighborhood of Jersey City and New York
should be obtained: Therefore,
Metolved, That it be referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs to consider and report what legisla-
tion, if any, is requisite in relation to the subject.
enrolled resolution signed.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPhbrson, its Clerk, announced
that the Speaker of the HouM<had signed the
enrolled joint resolution (S. R. No. 99) to
authorize the Secretary of War to employ coun-
sel in certain cases; and it was thereupon signed
by the President pro tempore of the Senate.
central branch pacific railroad.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill
called up by the Senator from Michigan will
now be proceeded with.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (S. No. 256)
relating to the Central Branch Union Pacific
Railroad Company. It provides that nothing
contained in the act of Congress approved
July 3, 1806, relating to the Union Pacific rail-
way, eastern division, shall deprive the Cen-
tral Branch Union Pacific Railroad Company,
assignee of the Hannibal and St. Joseph Rail-
road Company, of its right to continue its road
and telegraph line westerly from the termina-
tion of the one hundred miles mentioned in
the act of Congress incorporating the Union
Pacific Railroad Company, approved July 1,
1862, to a connection with the Union Pacific
Railroad Company, as one of the branches
thereof; but the Central Branch Union Pacific
Railroad Company shall continue its road west-
erly from the termination of the one hundred
miles- aforesaid to a connection with the Union
Pacific railroad at the hundredth meridian of
west longitude, upon the same terms and con-
ditions, in all respeets, as ar# now provided
