186a
THHS oommmomh globs,
xm
|rr.,<« or either, to aid Ui« central branch to ftoUh
it- road and oonucct with the main trunk. ,
"The committer think this company had Rood |
noaati to tiiwti that Conirnws would not deprive
(hen of the v&laablo richt to connect with the eastern
divi«i >n on its way to the initial point. But as the
■Hot' l%i(< had this practical effect, the committeo
herewith report a bill, (ivinir this branch th« usual
aid in lau<l< an<l bomb tu form * connection with the
main trnnk."
Such, very briefly, are tho views taken on this
subject bv the committee, and I think they are
eerrvet, tor undoubtedly this control branch,
un<ier our former legislation, had good grounds
to suppose that they would be enabled to con-
nect their line with tho eastern division on its
war up the Smoky lii!l fork; which was a very
great and valuable advantage to that company.
As the law now stands—I refer to the law of
]<««—ther no longer have this privilege; but
they are left with the road upon their hands
running one hundred miles from the Missouri
river out into Kansas, and there it is stopped
unless they see fit to take money out of their
own pockets solely for the prosecution of the
enterprise. I think in equity and fairness the
central branch is entitled to this new subsidy.
It will be observed by the bill that the company
are not entitled to this subsidy for more than
one hundred and fifty miles. That is the maxi-
mum length along which they have a right to
ask for a subsidy, and the maximum amount
of bonds which may be issued under this bill,
should it become a law, is only $2,400,000, as
has been stated by the Senator from Ohio.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont After having
examined this bill I am very clear that the
Senate ought not to pass it unless more cogent
reasons shall be presented than have yet ap-
peared. Notwithstanding the equity of the
case, as presented by the Senator from Ohio
and the Senator from Michigan, I think that
a plain, common-sense man, upon reading the
documents, and even the arguments and opin-
ions of attorneys which have been paid for, in
this case, will be satisfied that the ground of
eqaity here urged is utterly baseless. What is
the position of the United States Government
in relation to this railroad company? In the
first place, they came here years ago and got a
grant of land and a subsidy of bonds, amount-
ing to $1,000,000, for one hundred miles of
railroad. Afterward, at their own request, !
suppose, we allowed them to divert the road in
a southerly direction 
Mr. HOWARD. The Senator from Vermont
will allow me to correct him there._ This is
not the line which was allowed to divert in a
southerly direction.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I think, Mr.
President 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The morn-
ing hour having expired, it is the duty of the
Chair to call up the unfinished business of yes-
terday,
Mr. CONKLING. I rise not to propose the
continuation of this bill, but that the Senator
from Vermont be allowed to conclude his re-
marks. He has had the floor bat a moment,
and wishes only a few minutes, I understand.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. By unani-
mous consent the Senator from Vermont can
proceed with his remarks. _ Is there any objec-
tion to the Senator concluding the remarks he
is making? None being made, the Senator
will proceed.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Mr. Presi-
dent, I think that any Senator may well be ex-
cused for not quite understanding every law
that has been passed in relation to this road.
The statates are all shingled over for the last
half dozen years—this being the third or fourth
acton the subjeet—and it would certainly puz-
zle a Philadelphia lawyer to understand them
after he had read them. But I am not aware
that we are much in the habit here of chang-
ing any charter for a railroad without the as-
sent of the parties interested, and I have yet
to see any evidence that we acted in this case
without the assent or the importunities of the
ptfrties directly concerned or supposed to be
most in interest. We have authorized this
road to be diverged in a southerly direction
and carried it to a point where they find, per-
haps, that they have made a mistake, and I
should not be at all surprised if they should
come here at no remote period for assistance
to carry on even that brauch. They are sure,
with only very slight encouragement, to come
for another subsidy. But now they come here, i
and as a matter of equity or damages they
claim that we shall make them a subsidy for
one hnudred and fifty miles because we uave
diverted a grant which gave them a subsidy for
one hundred miles. Origiuallv we gave them,
beside lands, a subsidy of $>1,600,000, ana
now they claim that, not having beeu able to
make this available, they should have in the
shape of equity damages to the extent of fifty
per cent, more than the original subsidy, or
$2,400,000.
The original grant to the Pacific railroad
was all very welT. We wanted a main trunk
road to the Pacific. Congress was exceedingly
liberal and made grants not only for the road,
but for several branches at each end. No_w, 1
if this company can make out a case of equity
and justice for a connection between the south- ,
ern and northern roads, there will be a dozen
instances where it will be as essential to the i
local interests of the inhabitants along the
roads to the Pacific as important to trade, and
perhaps quite as equitable as this, to allow
other branches to go lrom one road to the other.
But, Mr. President, the condition of the
Treasury is not such as to warrant us in carry-
ing on this gigantic system of subsidies. Our
recent experience shows also that we paid
altogether too large a subsidy at the outset,
or much more than was necessary to build the
road ; for, if I am not grossly misinformed, the
' amount of dividends received by parties who
have taken stock in these roads has for the
last year been more than one hundred per
cent, upon the amount of money they actually
paid in as stockholders. If that be so, it shows
that Congress erred in the amount of the
original subsidy; and, whether we did or not,
we are certainly not now in a condition to con- (
tinue this kind of extravagance. j
There is another matter in relation to these
roads which I think it much more important
that Congress should legislate upon ; and that
is in relation to the rates of freight, the tolls
for passengers, and the price to be paid for
i carrying the mail. At the present time there
1 are five hundred and fifteen miles of road built
at this end, where we are paying $130 a mile
I for carrying the mail, and ninety-four miles on
[ the other side, just out of Sacramento, where
we are paying $300 per mile. I consider these
1 extravagant rates. If we are to make the Pa-
! cific railroad a great thoroughfare across the
! continent freights ought to be cheap, and some-
| thing less than ten cents a mile—the price now
charged—for passengers ought to be demanded
on their part. I am lor making agreat, cheap,
and valuable road to the whole country, one
' that will be used; but if these extortionate
ii prices are maintained for passengers and for
;! freight and for carrying the mail it is not to be
i a cheap and useful road, but a great monopoly.
| But, Mr. President, under any circumstances
of the case, I defy any one to make it appear
that there is a particle of equity in this appli-
! cation; and so believing, I am opposed to the
i bill. Certainly I think our policy should be,
1 at this time, emphatically against increasing
j the public indebtedness.
!! Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. President 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. House bill
No. 439 is now regularly before the Senate
according to the rules.
Mr. JOHNSON. I have no special desire
to discuss this particular bill, and perhaps it
had better go over until morning.
i i SUPPLEMENTARY RECONSTRUCTION BILL.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
bill (H. It. No. 439) additional and supple-
mentary to an act entitled "An act to provide
for the more efficient government of the rebel
States," passed March 2,1807, and to the acts
li supplementary thereto, the peuding question
being on the motion of Mr. Doouttlb, to refer
the bill to the Committee on the Judiciary with
the instructions proposed by him.
Mr. DRAKE. Mr. President, it may be
questioned whether the Senate has ever wit-
nessed a debate involving more deeply great
American principles, reaching down nearer to
the very foundations of American iuaUtutions,
stretching further ahead into the unrailed
future of American destiny, or more pregnant
of vital results to the Americau nation, than
that ia which we arc now engaged.
It is not without design that in the first sen-
tence, of the remarks 1 would submit to the
Seuute oil this occasion I use that word Amer-
ican repeatedly. It has to me a world of noble
and glorious meaning. It speaks all I ever
knew, all 1 expect to know, of faith aad hope
in human freedom. It embodies, to my view,
the highest development of humanity under
the influence of regulated liberty. In it is a
history grander than has been writtun of any
other natiou, and, if the people he Win*, to be
more resplendent, ennobling, and instraetive
in the future than iu the past. It is a name
honored and revered everywhere on earth but
where it should be most. Within the great
Itcpublic itself are its only embittered foes in
the wide world. The American nation, re-
spected, feared, praised, and looked up to by
nil other nations, finds its nationality ques-
tioned, its authority denied, its magnanimity
contemned, its flag despised, its past glory un-
recognized, and its hopes assailed by a part
of its own people. Over a wide extent of its
domain the soil is trod by avowed aad blood-
stained traitors. Millions of hearts beat there
with but one throb, felt by day and by night,
shaking U|e land—the throb of hate aad re-
venge. Ana tkatithrob is answered back from
millions of other lmijg) not of avowed and
blood-stained traitocs, their affiliated
aad sympathizing friends, who km MBsed the
name of Democrat that they may tW-*io*e
surely betray, and linked their fortune* wMi
those of traitors that they may more certainly
reach the goal of political power from which
they have been so long debarred. •
This, sir, is the grand muster-roll of the party,
North and South, with which loyal Americans
are now struggling. For seven long and gloomy
years that struggle has convulsed this nation.
A second period of seven years is entered upon;
and, without assuming the gift of prophecy, I
may be permitted to aoubt whether it will see
restored harmony or eves quiet. I may not
live to see its end; it is of little public import
whether I do or not; but unimportant as I am
or am likely to be, my steady and resolved
purpose is, in this Chamber and out of it, to
contest every inch, of jprnwAwMi Ik*foe* of
sysfioAxisJS?
oerats. With both I have had for years an
intimate acquaintance, and I have found them
about equally entitled to the respect of loyal
men. In spirit, if not in act, I believe them to
be one and the same; and so believing, "my
voice is still for war'' against them. It is vain to
cry peace, peace 1 Between them and patriots
there is no peace; there can be, there ought
to be, no peace till the power of rebellion and
Democracy is overthrown and dead, and that
of loyalty and nationality is exalted supreme.
Sir, for forty years the South has labored to
undermine and cast down American nationality
and to exalt the individual States. For forty
years men, women, and children in the South
have been educated to despise the oneness of
united America, and to glorify their States.
For nearly forty years Democracy has warmed
and petted this venomous heresy. It never
halted or faltered in this wicked work till the
thunders of war for State rights and slavery
started the nation to its feet and armed jt for
its nationality and its life. During the greater
part of the bloody years that followed Democ-
racy crept out of sight into its holes and cav-
erns. Once while the war raged it came to
the light, and with fetid breath hissed into the
nation's face those words, lit only for ears
