1808.
TM CONGRESSIONAL OtOBI.
1M&
words jnst quoted. The statesmen and poli-
ticians of that region have held up the Consti-
tution as a mere power of attorney, to be as
strictly construed according to its very terms,
as a court of law would construe a power from
A to B to sell a horse, when the instrument
itself, with marked distinctness, demands the
opposite rule of construction. No man of
enlarged and comprehensive views can read it
without seeing this. It is throughout, from the
first word to the last, an assertion of the sov-
ereignty of the nation. With restrictions, not
upon the sovereignty itself, but upon the offi-
cers and bodies to whom the exercise of the
powers of sovereignty should be committed.
I do not forget that tenth amendment to the
Constitution which says—
"The powers not delegated to the tJnited States
1>y the Constitution, nor prohibited by it to the
States, are resorved to the states respectively, or to
the people."
But where is the power necessary tethe exer-
cise of the national sovereignty in any national
exigency, internal or external, that is not del-
egated to the United States? He who relies
upon that amendment as fettering the national
sovereignty must show what power of that
description it clips or ties up. My position is
that it has no such operation or effect* fov the
simple and manifest reason that all necessary
powers over national subjects are delegated by
the Constitution to the United States, as I will
now endeavor to show.
In an instrument of such solemnity as a
national Constitution no word is to be regarded
as superfluous or meaningless, but every one
must be held to have a clear and intended
significancy. And its meaning is to be ascer-
tained so as to make it in harmopy with and
promotive of the declared objects of the in-
strument itself. And each word is to be con-
strued in its plain, natural, and ordinary sense,
and, unlimited by other words, is to be allowed
the widest scope of which it is capable. No
man may restrict the scope of words which
the instrument itself does not restrict. These
are simple and universally understood prin-
ciples of interpretation of all written laws,
whether ia the form of legislative acts or of
constitutions. They are, therefore, in all
their simplicity to be applied in every attempt
to construe the Constitution of the United
States. Let as so apply them now.
In the eighth section of the first article of
tiie Constitution is a long enumeration of the
specific powers of Congress, and at its close
is a general and comprehensive grant of power
which, conjoined with the first words of the sec-
tion, reads as follows:
'The Cong
! shall have power " * *
' to make alllaws which shallbe necessary and proper
for carrying into execution the foregoing powers. and
3,11 other powers vested by this Constitution in the
Government of the United States or in any depart-
ment or officer thereof."
Mr. President, were those words, with a view
to test the impression they would make, placed
before the wisest man in the world, whose mind
had never been influenced by any bias which
could deflect his vision from the truth, what
would he say of them ? I think his first com-
ment would be, that it were hard to put words
on paper that would express, as to the object
in view, more than they do. And the longer he
wohW regard and the more critically he would
scan them the stronger would be his conviction
that they were designed for a great office in the
Constitution. And should he proceed to ana-
lyze the sentence that conviction would be deep-
ened. It would then appear as the loadstone
of the Constitution, drawingto itself and infus-
ing its magnetic force into every other power,
expressed or implied, embraced in that great
instrument, or necessary to the nationality it
was designed to uphold and perpetuate. He
Would find, too, that in authorizing Congress
to make " all laws which shall be necessary
Mid proper " for the designated end, it consti-
tuted Congress the sole and final judge as to
what laws are necessary and proper for that
end. And there he would read the mandate of
the national sovereignty speaking in th« calm,
clear tottes of unquestioned right, and over-
bearing all opposition, whether of tnen or States.
Let us now look for the powers through
which that stream of ihagnetic force flows—I
mean not the specifically granted powers over
particular subjects of legislation appertaining
to the mere affairs of the country, but the great
and vital powers connected with the national
objects to be attained by and through the Con-
stitution. They are to be found, sir, where
they should be, in the foreground of that in-
strument. Its framers were not so dull as not
to know the necessity of its proclaiming the
great purpose and object of its creation.* They
did so in its very first sentence, its ordaining
clause, not, as is often said, its preamble. Its
preamble, sir, was unwritten save in the ten
years' history of the emasculated and impo-
tent confederation which it replaced. Let us
consider that ordaining clause as it stands
written there in these words:
"We, the people of tho United States, in order to
i form a more perfect union, establish justice, insure
domestic tranquillity, provide for the common de-
fense, promote the general welfare, and secure tho
: blessings of liberty to ourselves ana our posterity,
do ordain and establish this Constitution for the
United States of Aaerioa.
Grand and mighty words, Sir, worthy of 'the
nationality and of the national sovereignty!
Simple but all-embracing, wide as the nation in
being or to be, "a foundation of gold and pre-
cious stones" fit for the great edifice of repub-
lican government and constitutional liberty
which the disenthralled nation was erecting for
that day and for all time! Sublime proclama-
tion to all the world, that liere, at last, in the
untamed wilds of a new continent, the op-
pressed of every land might find a home in the
bosom of a nation which bore upon its frontlet
the pledge of its whole national power to estab-
lish justice, insure domestic tranquillity, provid e
for the common defense, promote the general
welfare, and secure the blessings of liberty to
all who should become a part of it and to their
posterity forever! Sir, there is not one word
of that Constitution which was not written by
the sovereignty of this nation with the direct
purpose of carrying out, to the farthest possible
limit, every one of those objects. To hold any
other view is to stultify the men who framed
the Constitution and the nation that adopted it.
Who will believe that they would lay a founda-
tion so broad and deep merely to build upon
it a pigmy superstructure which should invite
aggression and attack from State rights theorists
at home and the enemies abroad  f all repub-
licanism and all freedom? Who would believe
that it was even dreamed that a single word of
that Constitution was to receive such a con-
struction as would impede the effectuation by
the nationality of those national objects? Sir,
from my soul I pity the man who, through false
education, has imbibed such a belief) butil
have a very different feeling for hMa wkft-faas
had the opportunity to knMt better, And yet
•rabtacesio deadly a heresy.
Mr. President, if those were the objects which
the people of the United States aimed at in
their Constitution, how were they to be attained?
Means must be used to effectuate them. What
means? Those provided in the Constitution,
all of them, each to be used as circumstances
should require. By whom should those means
be employed ? By those designated in the Con-
stitution for that parpose. Who are they? This
Congress, sir. This is the body that is to make
the laws for this nation. Here resides its dele-
gated sovereignty, supreme over States, peo-
Ele, President, and courts in every matter which
elongs to the nationality, except only in those
points, few and inconsiderable, in which the
nationality itself has imposed a limit. Upon
this body is laid the duty of securing those
objects; has it not all power necessary to that
end ? If justice is to be established, domestic
tranquillity insured, the common defense pro-
vided for, the general welfare promoted, and
the blessings of liberty secured, is there not a
power somewhere to do all that noble work ?
If it is not in Congresswhere is it? Is it in the
President? Why, sir, what is he but the min-
ister of Congress,to do the will of the nation
as expressed in the Constitution and in the laws'
enacted here? Is it in the Courts? What are
they but administrators of the law, fundamental
and enacted? Is it in the Army or the Navy?
What arc they but the hands of Congress, mov-
ing by its behest, as expressed in it* laws? Sir,
here, And here alone, is the power to provide
for securing those objects; and if so, is not that
as much apower " vested by the Constitution''
in this body as the power to levy a lax on
whisky or tobacco ? Sir, it is folly* if not wick-
edness, to deny to Congress the power to make
all laws necessary and proper "to establish
justice, insure domestic tranquillity, provide
for the common defense, promote the general
welfare, and secure the blessings of liberty to
ourselves and our posterity." To those ends
I say, sir, it may make all laws? for those ends
it may use all mesas; for those ends it was
called into being; and for them it wields the
sovereignty of this nation.
Now, sir, apply all this to the MMMef of re*
construction. Ten rebellious Sta*e*
jugated, and came again under the nation's
power stripped of the constitutions which h&d
been theirs in the days of their allegiance, and
bringing back constitutions which they had
formed in their disallegiaroce as  ■ part of the
enginery of their revolt. Could the rebellion
be put down and those constitutions be permit-
ted to remain? Who will say that? Should
the rebels turn from the battle-fields to the bal*
lot-box and resume the rights and functions of
citizens with fingers all dripping in loyal blood
and tongues blistered—or which-o«ght to have
been—With the oath renouncing allegiance to
the Uaion and swearing it to tire confederacy?
Is it #ftM*the range of human perversenessto
say yea to th?KW Were the four years of their
diabolical war upon^ciy country but years of
innocence ? Why,-si#, yWVfettetpolitical dis-
abilities upon men fop th#ft, am MNtU nen e be
visited upon that hand of robbers wlnw* deeds
shocked the civilised world? Yoti iApri#& 
and debar from the privileges of citizeftship the
burner of your houses and the slayer of your
neighbor, and ghall those rebel hordes burn
and slay for years and lose not one jot or tittle
of their political rights? Away, sir, with such
insult to justice, such taockery of right, such
heaping up of iniquity and wrong, such re-
warding of crime, such violence tlo every in-
stinct of nature, each overthrow of evfery polit-
ical truth that ever moved tireh or nations!
Sir, those State governments were once *
part at this nation, as mach as the people
tinder them. Every portion of the nation was
concerned in their preservation; and so was
the national Government. They bad their
part to perform fo seeel iilg >iy git—cfljftite
of  h <HtM IOii'l)f<Mikll uiti<m* Tfceywere
necessary to the more perfect Union which the
dtafcstltati&n waa to form. Their agency was
needed to aid in establishing justice, insuring
domestic tranquillity, and promoting the gen-
eral welfare. They were capable of a great
work in assisting to secure tho blessings of lib-
erty to the nation. All this they were designed
to take part in as a portion of the nation, and
every other portion of that nation had a right
to hold them to take their share in the daily
work of its life. Was it then no national con-
cern to restore loyal State governments there?
Had the national sovereignty no right to speak
or act among them to that end? Had it only
to countermarch its armies, lay up its ships,
bury its patriot dead, wash off the dust and
blood of the conflict, shake hands with the
rebels, and tell them to go ahead like good
fellows and fix up their State governments
again to suit themselves, always being sure to
make them white man governments? Cer-
tainly ; by all means; why not? says the Dem-
ocracy ; and for that I say, down with the
Democracy I
Mr. President, the part I assigned to myself
in this debate is performed; not as I wish it
had been, but according to such ability as I
could command. There are many other points
in connection with this great subject which I
