1006
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February f>,
might hare discussed, but have not even men-
turned, because others, better qualified than
binse.t, have discussed them fuilv, or will be-
fore i,'io close of tins deoato. My object has
beeu to bring iuto K'tterview the national sov-
ereignty ot' tue American people luheriug in
tiie.r nationality, independent of aud anterior
to all ieiMtues, confederations, or constitutions,
uiui in the very nature of tilings peering high
uinne a.l Stale rigiit i not conceded by itself,
and overthrow ing ail State antagonisms as
es*entia!W and necessarily at wur with the na-
tionality which protects us all and inspires
every hope we cherish of the future welfare,
stauiuty, and glory of the American nation. I
thought it necessary to do this, for everywhere
tne Democracy is again Haunting abroad the
baiiuer of State rights, llere, and before the
people, the principles aud spirit of the rebel-
lion are warring against nationality, and here
and there must nationality charge home upon
them again. 1 lie contest ot Ivi-I. in every
ess- ntitti feature, is the contest ot 1 lie
peopie look to us to meet it here, and we were
recreant to our trust if we failed to meet it.
Already the spirit manifested in the Halls of
Congress has reanimated the patriots of the
laud. They are as they have ever been, in
terrible earnest. They have, through sill these
seven years, been ill advance, in intensity of
feeimg, of their servauts here.
They see the portentous issue in its full pro-
portions, and are ready to meet it. What they
want is brave and resolute leaders who will do
the bold, right thing at the right time, now, and
grapple like men with rebehsm and disloyalty
in ail their forms, North and South. They
watch for the signal to the charge; they wait
for the voice of the Capitol. Let them wait no
longer. Let them hear that voice resounding
through their habitations; quickly hear it;
hear it in clear, brave, heart-cheering words ;
hear it in deeds which shall ring in their ears
like tue stroke of ponderous hammers on the
anvit in the stillness of the night; and from
North and South and East and West will come
batk, even before we expect it, the loyal and
exultant echo from a patriot people of every
word spoken here, and their welcome plaudit
of every act done by us to uphold the princi-
ples, ennoble the character, and perpetuate the
existence of our glorious nationality.
Mr. IIARLAN. Mr. Presideut, before this
subject passes from the consideration of the
Senate 1 desire to submit a few remarks in a
r'.um way, and it is not material with me whether
proceed now or at a subsequent period.
Mr. UOWAKD. If the Senator from Iowa
is not prepared to go on to-day I should like
very much to have the Senate take up the bill
which was under consideration this morning;
and if he will give way I wiil move to take
it up.
Mr. HARLAN. I give way for that pur-
pose.
-Mr. HOWARD. I move, then, to postpone
the subject under consideration until to-morrow
at one o'clock.
The motion was agreed to.
mmaof. from the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPiikr .son', its Clerk, announced
that the- House had passed a bill (H. R. No. ~>'M)
mak.ng appropriations for the support of the
M.litary Academy lor the fiscal year ending
June :;o, 1Si/j, in which the concurrence of the
Senate was requested.
OliDEIt OF BU9IXKSS.
Mr. HOWARD. I now move to take upthe
bill (S. No. 2 jii) relating to the Central Branch
Union Pacific Railroad Company.
Mr. HENDRICKS. 1 do not think a bill
of this importance ought to be taken up unex-
pectedly when the Senate is not full. It in-
volves the Treasury to the extent of two and a
quarter or two and a half million dollars. When
this bill is considered I think it ought to be at
such an hour in the day as Senators expect it,
an important bill not only to the railroad com-
pany, but to the Treasury of the country, and
I do not think it ought to be taken up now. It
is obvious to every Senator that the Senate is
but little more than half full.
The question being pat. a div ision was called
for.
Mr. HOWARD. 1 ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas ami nays were ordered.
Mr. SAL' LSHl'RY. 1 ish to remark, before
the yeas aud nays an- calied on this question,
that I have agreed to pair oil' on all questions
with the Senator from Massachusetts who is
absent, [Mr. Wii.son.] 1 do not know how
he would vote on this subject if he were here,
but I make this explanation to state why my
name will not appear on the call of the roll.
The question being taken by the yeas and
nays, resulted—yeas 10, nays l;'>; as follows:
Y EAS—Messrs. Cbamllcr. Conness, Davis, Drake,
Ferry, Hnrlan. ilow.inl, l'oiiioroy, Ross, Sumner,
Tlia>"*r. Tipton, Truuibull, Wade, Willey, and Wil-
liams—lt>.
N AY<— Messrs. Rueknlew. Cattell, Cole. Oonk-
lin*. Dixon, Fe>semlen, Frelin^liuj sen. Hendricks,
Howe. Morgan. Morrill of Vermont, Sherma.i, aud
Vim \Vinkle—13.
ABSKX I —M essrs. Anthony, Bayard, Cameron,
Corln-tt. I'rairin, 1'.milittle, Kdmumlfi,.Fowler,<jrimes.
Guthrie, Henderson. Jutin'on. Morrill of M.nne,
Marion, Norton, Nye, I'm ter-son ot' New Hamp-
shire, Patterson of Tennessee, Ramsey, SuuUbury.
Spraguc. Stewart, Wilson, and Yates—Jf.
So the motion of Mr. Howard was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator from
Maryland [Mr. Johnso.v] had the floor on this
bill when the time arrived for the special order,
and he said he would defer his remarks until
to-morrow. He is not now in, and I under-
stand there is executive business on the table
to be disposed of. I move, therefore, that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of execu-
tive business.
Mr. SUMNER. There is a bill that was
under consideration 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There is
a bill uuder consideration now.
Mr. SL'MNER. I know, but I say there is
another bill that was under consideration some
days ago, reported from the Committee on
Foreign Relations, on which I wish to get the
vote of the Senate, so that it may be out of the
way. I do not wish to discuss it; but I hope,
rather than go into executive session, if the
Senate is not disposed to proceed with the bill
of my friend from Michigan, it will dispose of
the measure to which I refer.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. A bill has
been taken up by vote of the Senate, and is
now before the body. Pending that, the Sen-
ator from Maine moves that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness. The question is on that motion.
Mr. SHERMAN. There is a bill here that
affects the interests of one or two of my con-
stituents, which I think it is important to pass,
and which wiil not give rise to debate. It is a
bill reported from the Committee on Public
Lands, and 1 should like to have it taken up.
Mr. FESSENDKN. I will not object to this
other business being done unless the Senator
from Michigan fears that his bill will be dis-
placed by it. I do not think the Senate can
go on with his bill, the Senator from Maryland
being absent.
Mr. SUMNER. I think there is'reason for
the motion of the Senator from Maine, but I
simply appeal to the Senate to take a vote on
the joint resolution which was called up the
other day providing for the representation of
the United States at the international maritime
exhibition. Let us vote on that and dispose
of it one way or the other. That is all I ask.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Senator from Maine persist in his motion?
Mr. FJiSSENDKN. Tiie Senator from Mich-
igan seems to think that I ought to persist in
this motion, as his bill is pending, and the
taking up of other business would displace it.
I must, therefore, insist on the motion.
Mr. CONNESS. I rise simply to say that
I think the Senate had better not adopt that
motion at this time. The hill in the charge of
the honorable Senator from Michigan is one of
considerable importance, as has been stated.
It cannot be expeeted to be voted upon in the
Senate until it is thoroughly discussed, but I
do not see why we should not discuss it now for
an hour.
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 have stated the rea-
sons. The Senator from Maryland has the
tloor on the bill, and remarked that lie would
say what he had to sav to-morrow morning.
Mr. CONNESS. That would make no dif-
ference. Other Senators may speak to the
bill now, and the Senator from Maivland may
speak to it when he conies into the Senate. I
think it would be wise to go on with the dis-
cussion of the measure.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think it is usual not
to call up a matter under those circumstances
when it was understood lhat it would go over.
Mr. CONNESS. That is rather a formal
view of the case.
Mr. CONKLING. I was among those who
voted against taking up the lull on the motion
of the Senator from Michigan. I did so, with-
out regard to the merits of the measure, for the
reason assigned by the Senator from Indiana,
that the Senate is so very thin. 1 nm inclined
to think the same objection applies to the mo-
tion now made by the Senator from Maine. It
will be remembered that the condition of exec-
utive business is such that a full Senate, when
next we proceed to its consideration, will be
desirable, and if this motion prevails and we
are to go into executive session with a view to
vote the same difficulty will arise, that many
Senators have left the Chamber under the
impression that the debate in which the Sen-
ator from Missouri took part would continue
for the rest of the day. Therefore, as between
the two propositions, I should prefer to go on
and consider the bill, assuming that it is not to
be pressed .to a vote this afternoon, rather than
go into executive session.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Several Senators sug-
gest to me that there is other business that can
be done this afternoon, nllowing this bill to go
over. Under these circumstances I will with-
draw my motion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Maine withdraws his motion ; and
the Senate bill No 2">t> is before the Senate.
Mr. SUMNER. I now move to postpone
all pending orders and take up for considera-
tion Senate joint resolution No. 80.
Mr. CONNESS. I suggest to the Senator
from Massachusetts that he propose to lay over
the bill of the Senator from Michigan infor-
mally, and then go on with his measure without
making a formal motion to postpone. That
course will not displace the bill of the Senator
from Michigan.
Mr. SUMNER. I am willing to do that. I
merely wish to get a decision on this joint res-
olution.
Mr. CONNESS. Let the form of doing it
be that which I have suggested.
The PRESI DEN T pro tempore. That may
be done by unanimous consent.
Mr. HENDRICKS. What is the measure
which it is proposed to take up ?
The PR ESI DENT pro tempore. The Sena-
tor from Massachusetts asks the Senate to take
: up the joint resolution (S. R. No. 811) provid-
: ing for the representation of the United States
at the international maritime exhibition to be
held at Havre.
Mr. CONKLING. Does the Senator want
a vote on that, resolution ?
Mr. SUMNER. Yes, sir.
I Mr. CONKLING. I am sorry the lionor-
' able Senator does not say ''no1' rather than
"yes." He knows, as I do, that many Sena-
tors are opposed to it, and the Senate is now
so thin that a vote on it certainly would not be
an expression of the judgment of the Senate.
Mr. SUMNER. 1 wasnotaware that many
Senators were opposed to it. It was reported
with the unanimous recommendation of the
Committee on Foreign Relations, and I am free
to say that I did not anticipate any opposition
Mr. CONKLING. ■ If the honorable Sena-
tor will excuse me, I beg to say to him that I
think the fact that it is reported aud that it has9
