1808.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1007
his own sanction imparts to it the only strength
it has. I uiu iiu-imed to think that it" the meas-
ure hore uUnif without that recomiucnda-
[.,m ami that support us chances would be
vcrv sh-u.
Mr. J^l'MNEK. Very well; let us vote on
it. I UO not ui-.ii to say anything.
Mr. CON KLIXW. i shall behind to vote
tor it at ntiy tune w hen those are here by whom
t.ie votes are to ho given.
Mr. >1' MN KU. 1'liero is a quorum here.
Mr. COMvl.lNG. There may be a quorum,
but it U a \ery meaner oue.
Mr. Sl'MN Eli. Oh, let us act upon it.
Mr. ('«>N IvLlN'G. What is ihe motion?
Tue PUESI DENT pro tempore. To post-
pone the pending bill, which is Senate bill No.
H.v;, that was taken up on the motion of the
Senator from Michigan, tor the purpose of
taking up the joint resolution indicated by the
Senator from Massachusetts.
Mr. CONICLING. I should like to inquire
of tue Senator from Massachusetts whether the
purpose will not he answered by calling up his
resolution at any time wilhin a day or two when
Senators have not left the Chamber under the
impression that votes were not to be taken?
Mr. SL'MN Kli. I am very much obliged to
the Senator for his inquiry; but if the Senator
looks at the resolution he will see that it was
reported from the Committee on Foreign Re-
lations January lo, and to that I desire to
add that 1 have sought to move this resolution
every legislative day since. I am always in my
seat, and 1 have made constant efforts to get
tins resolution before the Senate tor action, it
is very immaterial to me what the final action
may be; but as I am responsible for the con-
duct of it I desire to acquit myself and briug
ihe subject to a close. Senators can vote, of
course, against it or tor it. as they see fit.
Mr. CONKLING. Nobody can fail to ap-
preciate and sympathize with the feeling which
the Senator having this measure in charge
expresses, to do his duty toward it and have it
disposed of. Of course, nobody will criticise
that: aud yet 1 submit to him, with great def-
erence, that even a matter of this sort, which
the debate has demonstrated is the subject of
divers'> opinion here, should not be voted upon
at a time selected, even by accident selected,
when a large number of Senators have gone,
under the impression that no votes were to be
taken. That is obviously the fact. I am op-
posed myself to this resolution for reasons
which apply to it*ad to all such measures. I
think that men enough, distinguished and un-
distinguished, have made the tour of the con*
uncut* of Europe at the public expense. I
have other reasons for objecting to the resolu-
tion. so that I should be very glad to have the
vote taken when the Senate is full.
Mr. HENDERSON. I will renew the mo-
tion of the Senator Irom Maine that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness. There is some business we can do there.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope the Senate will
dispose of this resolution. If they TOte this
resolution down, they may ; but here the Sen-
ator from New l'ork announces his opposition.
What is the resolution? It is simply that the
Secretary of the Navy be authorized to detail
one or more oliicers of the Navy, as he shall
think best, to be present at the international
maritime exhibition to be held at Havre
under the auspices of the French Govern-
ment from the 1st of June to the 31st of Oc-
tober of the present year; that is all. ihere
is no appropriation of money in it; there is
nothing looking to any future expenditure be-
yoi.d what is implied in the detail of officers of
the Navy. All that is apparent on the face of
the resolution. Then you have the practical
rjup-tion whether an international maritime
exhibition, organized as this is, according to
the papers which are on our table, to which
our presence has been invited by a communi-
ca'ion from the French Government, shall be
neglected. I submit that, being a great com-
mercial people as we are. we ought not to turn
away from this invitation. I do not propose,
as I say, any appropriation, but I desire, and
that was the desire of the committee and their
recommendation that there should be some
person at this exhibition who should look after
the exhibitors from the I'nited States, who |
should inform them of what was there, and try
in some way to prolit by it; in short, that we, a
great commercial people, should have a small
representation there in order to gather com-
mercial information that we may in some way
hereafter use for the benefit of commerce.
1 lie whole object is very simple, aud as I have
said again and again, there is no expenditure
iu it beyond what is implied in the detailing of
these naval otlieers.
Mr. HENDERSON. I should like to ask
the Senator, if the proposition requires no
appropriation whatever, why the Secretary of
the Navy cannot detail these oliicers without
an act of Congress?
Mr. SUMNER. I do not venture to say
that he may not detail them, but the proba-
bility is that he would not feel himself author-
ized to do it unless by virtue of special legis-
lation The Senator is aware that when on
former occasions commissions have been sent
abroad there has always been some special
authorization from Congress. I do not ven-
ture to say that the Secretary of the Navy
might not detail naval oliicers to visit any part
of the world without a ship; but an act of
Congress would give to the proceeding more
character and it would be a direct association
of our country with this international maritime
exhibition. I cannot understand why Sen-
ators are so sensitive on that poiut; why they
hesitate in that association. It seems to me
that our course is plain, simple, and I do not
see, further, how, as a great commercial peo-
ple, we can properly avoid it.
Mr. BUCKALEW. We have had this reso-
lution up, 1 believe, on two occasions 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on going into executive session. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. BUCKALEW. I am aware that the
debate has turned upon an alternative propo-
sition. I say we have had the question of this
resolution before us on two occasions, and a i
decision has been prevented by the expiration
of the morning hour. At my instance, on a
former occasion, the Senator from Massachu-
setts modified his resolution. He struck off |
all that part of it against which any objection, 1
in my opinion, could reasonably be made, and
in its present form it is a proposition perfectly j
innocent; and I think the best thing we can ;
do is to take it up and dispose of it. In its ,
present form I do not see how any Senator
can object to it. It is simply an authority to
the Secretary of the Navy to detail naval offi-
cers for this purpose without an appropriation
of the public money. We shall economize time j
by voting against going into executive session
and disposing of this resolution at this time.
Mr. HENDRICKS. With the permission
II of tte Senate, I wish to assure the Senator
!! from Massachusetts that, with the Senator
i from New York, [Mr. Conki.ing,] I sympa-
; thize with him in his efforts to pass this reso-
lution. I know it is an important resolution,
because the Senator assures us be has given
nearly all of his attention since the meeting
of Congress to it. [Laughter.] Idonotkxiow
what is going to be done when the naval officer
gets over to Europe, nor how it is to be done,
nor how long lie is to stay, nor what is to be
j! accomplished for the country ; but it certainly
'i is an important resolution. We all concede
li that. It is not necessary to pass the resolu-
i tion in order to enable the Department to send
ii an officer there; and so the effect of passing the
i1 resolution will simply be to put upon the band
ii of the officer's cap, instead of " detailed, an
act of Congress saying that he goes there by
i virtue of an act, of Congress.
! Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to ask
my friend whether he thinks the Secretary of
the Navy has any right or power to detail an
officer to attend an exhibition unless it, is one
properly within the naval Department itself I
Mr. HENDRICKS. I have not examined
that point, but the Senator from Massachu-
setts, who has given this subject so much at-
tention, would aot question that. He con-
ceded that; aud lie has cultivated the whole
ground, and there is nothing more to be exam-
ined into.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think it will turn
out that an act of Congress is necessary.
Mr. HENDRICKS. 1 am surprised, to use
the suggestion of a brother Senator, that the
Senator from Maine should raise a doubt upon
that point, inasmuch as the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts is satisfied that there is now the
power in the Department. I would not ven-
ture to raise it. Then the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts is fortified by my friend from Penn-
sylvania. This union of opposite sides upon
one common proposition is conclusive upon
my judgment. [Laughter.] I have no par-
ticular objection to the resolution, and rather
than have any further agony on the subject I
would vote for it. I do not think it is neces-
sary; I do not think it is ornamental or use-
ful, either; but still, rather than give the Sena-
tor from Massachusetts any more trouble about
it, I believe I will appeal to my friend from New
York to say "let it go;" and then, perhaps,
inasmuch as that main question will have been
disposed of, the Senate can give some atten-
tion to some other subject. [Laughter.]
Mr. ANTHONY. I intend to follow the
Senator from Massachusetts, as I always do,
upon foreign affairs; but there seems to be
such a difference of opinion as to what shall
be taken up that I wish to propose, as a com-
promise between the contending parties, that
a resolution laid over the other day on account
of a point of order, the objection to which has
been removed, may be taken up and passed.
I think there will be no objection to it. If
there is I withdraw the proposition.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope the Senate will take
action on this resolution.
Mr. ANTHONY. The resolution to which
I allude is the resolution to print additional
copies of the reports in the case of the Secre-
i tary of War.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
i tion is on the motion to proceed to the consid-
' eration of executive business; and that must
be disposed of before anything else can be
done except talking. [Laughter.]
Mr. CONNESS. I move that the Senate
do now adjourn.
Mr. ANTHONY. I rise to a point of order.
I have not yielded the floor to the Senator from
: California. If this question can be taken
UPMr. SUMNER. Why cannot the Senate
vote now under the iinpreesionof the tpeech
of the Senatorw* 6 Has made a
powerful tO-#*y in behalf of this resolu-
tion? [Laughter.]
Mr. ANTHONY. I hope that by unanimous
consent the resolution I have indicated may be
taken up and passed, and then we will all go
for the resolution of the Senator from Massa-
chusetts. It is a resolution to which I believe
there was no objection except that the injunc-
tion of secrecy was not removed from the Pres-
ident's message, and that injunction having
now been removed, I believe it was the desire
of the Senate 
Mr. CONKLING. Is the motion to adjourn
debatable?
Mr. ANTHONY. There is no such motion
pending.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There is
no motion to adjourn before the Senate. The
Senator from Rhode Island declined to yield
the floor to enable the Senator from California
.to make the motion. I wish he had yielded.
^MrfCOYNESS. I believe the Senator from
Rhode Island has now yielded the floor, and to
gratify the Chair I move that the Senate do
now adjourn.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope not.
The motion to adjourn was not agreed tj> J
there being on a division—ayes 14, noes 20.
