1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1011
" In the absencoof legal authority for adopting any I
of tlie measures abovo sugge.-ted, it is loft for Con- j
gressto signify its decision as to the acceptance of
the courteous invitation thus officially comrauni- j
cated and as to tho other measures involved in such
acceptance."
That is all I shall read, and I will add noth-
ing more.
Mr. CONNESS. When the amendment
which I had the honor to offer was adopted,
protecting the Treasury of the United States
against encroachment from this projected ex-
hibition, I was satisfied, for one, that it should
pass, but more satisfied in deference to the
honorable chairman of the Committee on For-
eign Relations, who has taken it upon himself,
at the instance of the State Department, to
present this joint resolution, than from any
other cause.
Mr. SUMNER. I beg the Senator's par-
don. I have not taken it upon myself; I was
instructed by the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions to report this resolution to the Senate.
Mr. CONNESS. Without any disrespect to
the other members of the committee, I had
really begun to believe that the honorable Sen-
ator was the committee.
Mr. SUMNER. Oh, no; not at all.
Mr. CONNESS. And I so spoke of him. ;
Mr. SUMNER. I am not at all.
Mr. CONNESS. Perhaps not. That is im-
material, however. It was consideration for the
honorable chairman of that committee that in-
clined me to vote for it when the Treasury was
protected against expenditure from it. This
is to be but one of those great exhibitions that
are gotten up in succession by that sagacious,
far-seeing, able, and bad man, the emperor of
France, that greatest and worst enemy of the
rights of man on this globe. Ably and saga-
ciously he is engaged in endeavoring to trans-
mit the power and the grasp that he holds on
Europe, and upon the throat of France par-
ticularly, to his son : and this exhibition is,
we are told, to be under the patronage jointly
of the emperor and the prince imperial of
France, a boy ten years old. The emperor,
the empress, and the prince imperial, we are
told in another paragraph, are to offer rewards
orprizes, in specie or otherwise, fordistribution
to the exhibitors. Well, sir, the father of the
boy, a few years ago, was not very well able to
give prizes to anybody. I have no doubt that
he is to-day; but how the boy legitimately
comes with the means of giving them I do not
know, though I have a guess about it. They do
things in ihat country without much formality,
and the treasury containing the collections
that are made from the people of France is
more easily gotten at than it is in this country
of ours, and I suppose, that being the case,
they are each of them able to give these prizes.
But I say, as I before mentioned, that this
is but a step in the general direction of that
astute man in his own behalf. He is making
the capital of the world ; so he thinks, so he
says, and so it is. We are contributing to it
now more largely, ten thousand times more
largely, and I was almost going to say ten
thousand times ten thousand, than we did to
the great exhibition at Puns, the expenses of
which, on our part, will foot up to among the
hundreds of thousands of dollars. How ? Our
people are going to that capital, patronizing
the ships that are put out by the French peo-
ple upon the waters, and the English lines
also. The American people make up the great
body of travelers that cross the Atlantic, that
go and come; and they all go to the great
capital of France, to Paris, which this astute
civil and military governor has been engaged
in decorating with great assiduity and ability
for many years. The people of France, so far
as they have anything to say about the matter,
seem to make no particular objection now;
but it is anticipated by some that as the body,
the corporeal part of this astute and bad gov-
ernor, shall pass away, as it inust in the course
of time, this young scion is to be gradually
introduced and raised up to take his place, to
perpetuate the tyrannies of his father over the
French people; perhaps again, as has been
suggested, in our greatest need, if a need shall
ever occur again, to undeitake to organize the
Latin race on the Continent of America, and
undertake to restrain the advance of repub-
lican institutions, as carried forward by the
United States. !
I do not know that we have much reason to i
object to all this, certainly only in the way of
an expression of opinion, as long as the French i
people consent to it, but I apprehend that that |
consent will be withdrawn one day. If God is i
just, and I believe He is, it will be so with- j
drawn. These exhibitions and the building of
great cities by one autocratic mind and hand
will have their end ; civil government and civil
liberty will be redeemed from the thrall that
has been imposed upon it by this bad governor.
I have no particular objection, however, as
it seems to be gratifying to the honorable Sen-
ator who is the chairman of this committee, as
he feels it to be in the-line of his duty to his
own country, the proper performance of his
duties, that this resolution shall pass, provided
we contribute nothing from the Treasury at this
time to pay for it. But, sir, there is in the few ;
words that I have said some food for thought; j
and the time will come when some of the
prophecies hinted at will be realized and justice |
will prevail, and this and like exhibitions, if :
carried on, will be carried on by the people
of France tinder a more enlightened and better
Government.
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. President, as the chair-
man of the committee has stated, the resolution
on the table received the unanimous sanction
of the Committee on Foreign Relations. We
supposed—at least I for one supposed, and I
imagine the rest of the committee were of the
same opinion—that it might be of service to
have a commission of this sort sent to the pro-
posed exhibition; that it could do no possible
harm, and it would involve us in no extraor-
dinary expense. My own impression, how-
ever, at the time, was that the invitation came
virtually from the French Government, but
now I understand from the honorable member
from New York that the invitation is not one
from the Government, but from some of the
persons who constitute the committee to super-
intend this exhibition.
Mr. SUMNER. Will my friend allow msto
explain ? TheFrench Government, as I under-
stand it, have instructed their minister here at
Washington to invite the presence and partici-
pation of the United States.
Mr. CONKLING. I do not so understand
it, and I have read the documents.
Mr. JOHNSON. That, was my impression;
and if the honorable chairman of the commit-
tee, with the papers in his hand, is under that
impression now, I shall certainly vote for the
resolution. But, sir, 1 rose merely for the pur-
pose of saying for myself individually that the
occasion is one on which it is not a^tOM^ber
courteous to the French minister to assail his
Government W© Br© ftt pcscfi wiln Fmnce.
Diplomatic relations exist between the two Gov-
ernnients, and no matter what the French Gov-
ernment may have done during the civil war
there is now no disposition of which I am aware
on the part of that Government to injure the
United States in any way.
I should, therefore, have wished, with all due
deference to my fiiend from California, that
he had abstained—I know his motives are
patriotic—from casting reflections upon that
Government. Whatever may be the character
of Napoleon, and however just it may be to
denounce him, if hereafter we should get into
a state of hostilities or a state of war or threat-
ened war with that Government, it seems to
me that now, when we are at peace, with no
prospect whatever of a war between the two
nations, it is better to speak, if we speak at all,
in kind and in conciliating tones, rather than
in tones which may possibly, if they come to
the ear of that Government, involve us in some
difficulty, either now or at some time hereafter.
Napoleon certainly—at least I believe so—
would at one time have been very glad to see
the Union broken up. I think that is to be col-
lected from his dispatches relative to his mili-
tary expedition to Mexico. But I imagine he
has abandoned that. He resolved, as I ihink,
to withdraw his forces from Mexico, because
he became convinced that he had engaged in a
hopeless enterprise; and 1 rather imagine, if he
be the far-seeing man my fiiend from Califor-
nia says he is, and as I suppose he is, he never
will again renew it. If lie does not we shall
remain at peace with France; and if we are to
beat peace with France it is better that it s-hould
be a real peace rather than one which mav be
construed to authorize either Government or
those in authority in either Government to
speak unkindly of the other.
Mr. CONNESS. I merely wish to say that
of course it cannot be taken that I have
spoken the words of this Government. I
occupy no executive position in it; I have not
the honor to be a member of the Committee
on Foreign Relations; but being a Senator
here and a citizen and loving republicanism I
could not have said less than I did on the
occasion.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, the Sen-
ator from Maryland in verv grave and very
proper terms utters an implied rebuke at least
of the language which has been used by Sena-
tors in reference to the emperor of the French.
I do not find any fault with that; it. is a matter
of taste. Still, the Senator should not forget
that this is a hall of free discussion, where
Senators and others who speak are allowed to
utter their sentiments freely and without in-
curring any responsibility to the Senator from
Maryland or others, and much less to the
emperor of the French or any other Govern-
ment in the world.
The matter uow comes before us in the shape,
as it is construed by the Senator from Massa-
chusetts, of an invitation from the Government
of France, that is from the emperor of the
French, to this Government to participate in
the exhibition which is about to take place.
I When an invitation is presented to a gentleman
by another person, the person invited at least
1 has a right to take into consideration the char-
acter and standing of the inviter, and as this is
held to be an invitation from the emperor of
i the French, I hold it to be my right to speak
! of the political, public character of this dis-
tinguished gentleman in such terms as I think
becoming to myself as a Senator of the United
, States; and I say again, as I said before, that
I will not give a vote nor do an act as an Ameri-
I can Senator the tendency of which shall be to
I encourage by flattery or compliment or other-
wise the towering ambition ot that most dis-
i tinguished of modern tyrants. I have not tor-
gotten, I do not feel at liberty to forget, tho
injury which he has attempted to do to my
country; and whether h« or his minister likes
it or * fcafter entirely immaterial to me.
I ii> not feel disposed to extend this compli-
ment to the emperor of the French, nor to the
prince imperial.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate as amended; and the amendment was con-
curred in.
The joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed for a third reading, aud was read the
third time.
Mr. CONKLING. I ask for the yeas and
nays on the passage of the resolution.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 21, nays 19; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Buckalew. Cattell, Cole,
Conness, Dixop, Drake, Ferry. Fessendcn, irclmg-
huysen. Harlan, Henderson, Hendricks, Johnson,
Nye, Patterson of New Hampshire, Patterson ot
Tennessee, Pomeroy, Sumner, Van winkle, ana
NAYS—Messrs. Cameron, Chandler, Conkling.Cnr-
bett.Crnsrin,Edmunds. Howard, Howe, M organ, Mor-
.er, Grimes, Guihrie. Morrill of Maine, Morton. Nor-
ton, Saulsbury, Sprague, Wilson, and iates  .
So the resolution was passed.
HOUSE BILL REFERRED.
The bill (H. R. No. 599) making appropria-
tions for the support of the Military Academy
