1012
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 6,
for the fiscal year ending June 30, 1869, was
read twice by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Appropriations.
On motion of Mr. BUCKALEW, the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, February 6, 1868.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boynton.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
kliza ann upright.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I ask the consent of
the House to introduce a bill.
The SPEAKER. For action or reference?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I would like to have
action now if I can. If I cannot I ask to have
it read.
The bill was read. It directs the Commis-
sioner of Pensions to inscribe on the rolls the
name of Eliza Ann Upright, of Winnebago
county, Illinois, who had ten sons in the
Union Army in the late war, two of whom
were killed, a third died from sickness in the
service, and others of whom were wounded,
and to pay her at the rate of twenty dollars
per month, to commence from the date of the
passage of this act.
Mr. BOUTWELLand Mr. UPSON objected
to the consideration of the bill.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Will the gentlemen
allow me to explain it one moment?
Mr. BOUTWELL. I do not withdraw the
objection.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Then I withdraw
the bill, and will ask to introduce it on Monday
next. A woman who has had ten sons in the
Army ought to have a pension.
Mr. ORTH called for the regular order.
rights of american citizens abroad.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour lias
now commenced, and the House resumes the
consideration of House bill No. 584, concern-
ing the rights of American citizens abroad,
upon which the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Ciianler] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. CHANLER. Mr. Speaker, before I
proceed with my remarks I ask the Clerk to
read a joint resolution which 1 shall propose
at the proper time as a substitute for the pend-
ing bill.
The Clerk read as follows:
Joint Resolution calling for executive information.
Be it resolved by the Senate knd House of l{epres<avta-
tives of the United States of America in Congress assem-
bled, That in order that prompt means may bo taken
■with effect to protect American citizens in their rights
the President of the United States be, and hereby is,
requested, if not incompatible with the public inter-
est, to communicate to this House at tin early day all
the correspondence and documonts which may give
full and satisfactory information with regard to all
treaties, or any treaty theretofore made or now being
made by this Government with foreign nations in
regard to the rights of American citizens abroad, espe-
cially in regard to the right of expatriation and tho
rightof naturalization; also, if such rights have been
contravened by the Government of any foreign State
contrary to the intent and purpose of the pHblic law
as established by the Supreme Court of the United
States and as enunciated by the United States ex-
ecutive department in the eascsof John S.Thrasher
and Martin Kozsta, together with the name of the
citizen whose rights and the nation by whom such
rights havo been interfered with; also, such facts and
dates as may to the President seem necessary in the
premises.
Mr. CHANLER. The subject-matter of
this bill is an international question, and rightly
belongs to the executive branch of this Gov-
ernment. The evils which we propose to rem-
edy have arisen in foreign countries, where an
act of Congress has no weight whatever; and
the remedy is only to be reached—
1. By an appeal to those foreign Governments
through our diplomatic agents.
2. By special treaty with each foreign nation
where the trouble has arisen.
3. By remodeling of the existing law of na-
tions in an international congress assembled for
that specific purpose in Europe or America.
The call for such an international congress
should certainly come from'this Government,
as the first democratic representative Govern-
ment of the world. The-principles of the in-
ternational law regulating expatriation, as
interpreted by European Governments, have
been for many years practically and theoret-
ically opposed by this Government through our
leading statesmen, and with great justice,
although thus far in vain. The position of the
people of every nation in regard to their alle-
giance to their Governments; the rapid and
easy intercourse among mankind ; the neces-
sity of emigration as a moral, a sanitary, an
economical, and a political question, to pro-
mote the welfare of the people and preserve
the integrity of Governments—all combine to
bring this subject in bold relief before the world
at this time as something demanded by the de-
velopment of Christian civilization in the nine-
teenth century.
Since our fathers left Europe and founded
this land of refuge of their race, for the people
of Europe, against what are called the feudal
customs and privileges of the aristocracy, the
democracy of Europe has indeed risen to assert
its rights and has been able to make those rights
respected. But the people of every European
State are at the mercy of their standing armies.
No reform in international law in Europe is
possible in the interest of the subject; the ini-
tiative must come from this Government. The
rightof expatriation, however justifiable by the
spirit and philosophy of the law of nations, can
never be asserted by any people with success.
It is a question of Governments among them-
selves. We, therefore, being the strongest and
most independent of the democratic Govern-
ments, should take the lead in changing the law
of nations, either practically, specially, and by
treaty, or thoroughly by amending the law itself.
This seems to me to be part of the mission of
this Government among the nations. The ties
of blood which bind us to the masses in Europe,
the pride of race which seeks to perfect our own
welfare by improving in every way the condi-
tion of kindred men, the law of self-preserva-
tion, urges on a popular Government like ours
to strengthen the citizen in his claim to this right
of expatriation. Nor can we ever forget the
gratitude which the people of this Union owe to
those of the masses of Europe who shed their
blood in our cause and who sympathized with the
Union in her struggle not only against rebels at
home, but against the evil machinations and
mischievous plottings of European statesmen
of the reactionary school. But our own des-
tiny demands prompt action from this Govern-
ment. Ours is a nation of progress, or it is
nothing. We must advance, ever advance, at
the head of the column of progress among the
nations or perish ; and the rights of expatria-
tion, immigration, and American citizenship
are synonymous. If our people are unwilling to
live under our system of laws they are empow-
ered to change them. No man need live among
us against his will. Such should be the uni-
versal law.
A young and prosperous nation like this,
blessed by unprecedented progress within a
century not yet completed, the recipient of the
material, literary, moral, and religious advan-
tages which Europe has brought forth in our
day, or which she perfected in the course of
her past civilization, we act with a bad grace
if we turn our backs upon the immigrant ask-
ing for our _ sympathy or on the naturalized
citizen claiming our protection.
The people of this Union is made up of emi-
grants from Europe, Asia, Africa, and the isles
ot the sea, or of the descendants of such
emigrants. It would be ignoble and unmanly
to refuse to future emigrants the rights wa and
our ancestors have so long enjoyed.
Mr. Speaker, there always remains to a
brave people the right to maintain the right.
History, ancient and modern, is built up from
its foundation on that principle. Every nation of
Europe individually, and the coalition of those
nations from time to time, have made their
conviction of what was right the rule of their
conduct. The most recent instance, perhaps,
is the_ coalition against Russia in the Crimea.
Prussia, who claims many of our citizens as her
subjects; Austria, who has done so; England,
who refuses to relinquish her claims over her cit-
izens, notwithstanding the starving condition of
her poor, who die at home and are too miserable
to enjoy the boasted rights of a Briton ; France,
who threatened every nation with the terrors
of a French republic—all have made and un-
made the public law at will; and America can
also, if we are victorious, decide the question,
just as Napoleon the Great, by his European
continental wars, established the Code Napo-
leon as a part of the international law of
Europe. It is held as international law by
nearly all, if not all the Latin races of Europe.
The treaties by which Napoleon established
his code are part of the history of his dynasty.
Those treaties were forced on Europe by
war. So with regard to the international law
established by treaties at different periods of
European history anterior to Napoleon, as in
j the treaty of Westphalia, of Utrecht, and of
Paris in 1763:
"The peace of Westphalia inaugurated the author-
ity of international law by proclaiming so close a com-
! munity of interest between the nations of Europe as
tojustify, and even necessitate, common counsels; and
i it recognized the power of an European congress to
Ij adjust national claims according to an understood
I system of national rights, which was then the public
law of Europe. The negotiations of Utrecht went
further. Tho questions then discussed were not so
much questions of right as of interest. They declared
the existence of an European balanco of power not
dependent upon dynastic rights, no feudal construc-
tions, but regulated by tho exigencies of groat na-
tional interests."—Trescott's History of American Di-
plomacy, page 12.
Thus these European States have since the
Treaty of Utrecht up to the present made inter- •
national law for themselves in defining their
interests and balance of power among them-
selves. Certainly, if that system of European
international law is irksome to our people,
unjust and oppressive, we are justifiable in every
way in an effort to reform that law by peace-
able means if we can caltnly and deliberately
as a wise and civilized nation, but these failing,
then a war is inevitable.
' NEED OF INTERNATIONAL CONGRESS.
The representatives of the American people
should not forget the origin and causes of our
national independence. It sprung from the
struggle between a colonial people claiming
certain inalienable rights and the power of the
mother country based upon the privileges of
her aristocracy. The same grievances, modi-
fied in form, exist in all European colonies
to-day. Those aristocratic privileges which
harassed and overtaxed the people of Europe
in 1776, though alleviated by wise laws, still
press heavily upon the people. We have es-
caped from the burden, and the Spanish repub-
lics of South America have escaped from their
oppressive allegiance to Spain. They have all
common cause with us, the people of Europe,
the colonies of Europe, and the Spanish repub-
lic of America. We had a memorable instance
of the last in the late invasion of Mexico by
Maximilian of Austria as the champiou of
the aristocracy of Europe. He struck a last
and desperate blow in behalf of monarchy at
the behoof of his peers. In that conflict the
secret and subtle sympathy which binds two
free peoples together united this Government
with the sister republic, and we joined hands
in the struggle, although our own existence
was in peril. The necessity of emigration from
Europe in the republics of America is another
cause of common interest; and as the other
colonies of Europe achieve their independence
they will feel the same necessity. They will
see the need of changing the interpretation
now given to the law regulating the right of
expatriation.
And European Powers will be naturally and
inevitably invited to accept that control over
the destinies of other nations in other conti-
nents which shall be accorded to them by com-
mon consent of their peers among the new
nations. They will not be then, as they are
now, the arbiters of international law. N or
is this period remote, under the influence of
the same laws of progress which within the last
fifty-years have developed this country, Can-
