lsea
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1013
nda, and Australia. It' the democratic prin-
ciple nt' i lie right to expatriate ones self pre-
vutis it wnl become the interests of aristocratic
and kingiy Governments to rule in the inter-
ests of ttieir people, that they may be satis-
tied and remain at home. Dissatisfaction on
the part of the people of Ireland under the
tvranuy of the (iritish Government and the
prejudiced legislation of the English aristoc-
racy drove that biave and independent race
into exiie. The narrow and worn-out policy
of the Governments of Germany, England,
Scotland, and Sweden have forced their peo-
ple to emigrate. On the other hand, the facil-
ity afforded to emigration has relieved tlnise
Governments from the dangers of revolution,
pestilence, and famine to a very remarkable
degree, i he difficulties that surrounded emi-
gration or expatriation has made l'olaud a
curse to her conquerors, and it may be reason-
ably asserted that a fear of an emigration from
the Russian empire to some inoie congenial
country of the former serfs of lUtssia had a
large influence upon the mind of those who
advocated their liberation. Emigration and
expatriation are practical declarations of inde-
pendence of the individual citizen, and when
developed into colonial power naturally pro-
duce national independence. Such is the
philosophy of our own history, as illustrated
by the rapid formation of new States within
this Union upon this same great principle of
the right of expatriation and emigration which
led to the Declaration of Independence in 177t>.
In advocating the right of expatriation we
are perfecting the law of our own national
existence. It is, I repeat, our destiny, our
duty, and our glory. To give a clear, practical
effect of this great law on our national devel-
opment I annex a statistical statement of the
increase of population in this country since
1790. The accuracy and weight of these fig-
ures are guarantied by a gentleman—an Amer-
ican citizen—ot high attainment in the public
affairs of both Europe and America. I he force
of his deductions fro* these figures all militate
against this bill, and were communicated to
me m reference to the manifest injustice done
by drawing an invidious distinction between
native and naturalized citizens:
"* Statistic* of foreign population of the United States
since 1790.
"The United States present the remarkable spec-
Uclc of a nation settled and civilized by unindige-
H'ju« ra^ea, the population amounting—
Initio  3.929,827
in iw to 
In HI') to 
lnlijn to  iVwnM
In K50 to  l-'.N^.O-l)
In l\40 to 
In l>v'« to "t'ii-'ain
In to     )S0
ail of European descent, with the exception of about
■i,tJUO,i>*> Atrican and about l.QOCMXW of aboriginal
Koith American and of South American races, ihe
abov>* figures <>t' th^ population lrom 1/JQ to lSoOare
taken from the censu-f. Xo record seems toliavebcen
iept of the foreigners arriving in this country from
17.«) to 1-SJ0: but Iron l Jt) to 18d0 the census report
indicates the arrival of abimt o.OpO.'Xlp, of whom
" ~i ) tttpi are from the British dominion, 1,500,000fntai
•ifrmany. and SOO.OOO from other foreign countries.
Five million in addition to thin nnmber are foreign-
er.,. 21JOU.OIJO who arrived between 1 <00 and 1SJU—
•?irrp«ate 7.000.000 fbreizners arrived between liW
and 1*i0—or equal to the total population of the Uni-
ted Slates in HIO. and to about one fifth of the ap-
proximate population in 1*53, and near double the
auounf of the population of the United States in
17'jO. Kttimating the total population of the United
States in 1** at :;6.000.000, which is rather an under
than an over-c.Himate, their origin may be described
a< follows:
In-h. Scotch, English, Welsh.. innmnlin
G«rman, Scandinavian, Dutch.........  l'MMJ.
Latin races ( . .Spanish, 1 reneb. he.)  o.WWXW
African v-;: U--V 4'000'000
Aboriginal North American Indians, houth
American, and other raced  i.ww.wu
35.000,000
"Thirty million inhabitants of the United States in
lim, these being of European parent ag«, about only
3,000,000 of whom existed in 1790, the question as to
the chronological procedure of this population, nna
the ratio of the reporting increase ot the'™nous
nationalities of wbich it ia oompoaed, might lord a
proper theme of investigation.'
AMKBIOAH IJJTKKXATIOKAL LAW,
Th« subject of expatriation has received grave
consideration from our jurists, and examples
enough have arisen to make our way plain
before us in treating this subject in any future
case which may arise. A brief review of the
discussion givoti to this subject by Mr. Web-
ster, Mr. Marcy, and Mr. Wheaton will bring
us to a just conclusion of our duty in the mat-
ter now before the House.
AMRIUC IN L VWOV EXPATRIATION.
Nor are we without proper land-marks to
guide us in our course:
"The general rule of the public law is that every
pcrsou ot tall use lias a right to change his domicile;
and it follows that when ho removes to another place
with the intention to make that place his permanent
residence or hi' resilience lor ail indefinite period, it
beeoues instantly his place of domicile: and this is so
notwithstanding: ho may entertain alloating lutention
of returning to his original lesidenee or citizenship at
Solue tuture period."—Mr. S"rretary \Vebnter m the
cute of' Johni>. Tltraaher, December, 1S57.
The Supreme Court of the United States has
decided—
"That a person who removes to a foreign country,
settles himself there, und engages in tho trado of the
country, furnishes by these acts such c\ ideuoea of an
intention permanently to ie>ide in that country as
to "tamphun with its national character."— Vtheaton,
part J, chapter 11, pige lZi,toot note.
But as has been already said of every for-
eign born, Mr. Wheaton, in his learned work
on international law, declares—part eleven,
chapter eleven, page 122, under the head of
"naturalization:
"The right of every independent sovereign State
to naturalize foreigners nnd to confer upon them the
privileges of their acquired domicile."
In fool note (a) ha elucidates this asser-
tion by quoting Mr. Secretary Marcy's famous
letter in the Kozsta case above referred to, on
page 2b of same work, to this effect:
"There is great diversity and much confusion of
opinion as to the nature and obligations of alle-
giance. By some it is held to be an indestructible
political tie, and though resulting from the mere
accident ot birth, yet lorever binding the subject to
the sovereign; by others it is considered a political
connection in the nature of a civil contract, dissolu-
ble by mutual consent, but not bo at the option of
either party. Tho sounder and more prevalent doc-
trine, however, is, that the citi?.en or subject, having
faithfully performed the past and present duties re-
sulting from his relation to the sovereign power,
may at any time release himself from the obligation
of allegiance, freely quit the land of his birth or ;
adoption, seek through all countries a home, and
select anywhere that which offers him the fairest
prospect of happiness for himself and his posterity.
When the .sovereign power, wheresoever it may be
placed, does not answer the ends tor which it is be-
stowed, when it is not exerted tor the general wel-
fare of the people, or has become oppressive to indi-
viduals, this right to wit tidrnw rests on as firm a ba'is,
< and is similar in principle to tho right which legiti-
mates resistance to tyranny. .
I "The conflicting laws on the subject of allegiance
1 are of a municipal character, and have no control-
ing operation beyond the territorial hunts ot the
countries enacting them. AH uncertainty as wel as
confusion ou this subject is avoided by giving due
consideration to tho fact, that the parties to the
i question now under consideration are two independ-
ent nations, and that neither has the right to appeal
i to its own municipal laws for the rules to settle the
: matter in dispute, which occurred wittingUie Juris-
diction of a third independent 1 * '■
On the right of pM«#«U>tf in foreign couti-
i tries Mr. Webster, "in December, 1851, then
| Secretary of State, in a communication to this
! House, said:
" It is undoubtedly true that an American citizen
i who goes into a foreign country, although he owes
local and temporary aflegiance to that country, is
vet—if he performs no other act changing his con-
dition—entitled to the protection of his own (Jov-
ernment; and if, without tbo violation ot any muni-
cipal faw, he should be treated unjustly, he would
have a right to claim that protection; and the inter-
position of the American Government in his favor
would be considered as a justifiable interposition.
But, as has been already sail, every foreigner born,
residing in a country owes to that country allegiance
and obedience to its laws so long as he remains in it
as a duty imposed upon him by the mere tact of his
residence and the temporary protection which he
enjoys andis as much bound to obey its lawsasnative
subjects or citizens. This is tho universal under-
standing in all civilized States, and nowhere a more
established doctrine than in this country.
' "As the national character, acceding to the law
of nations, depends upon the domicile, it remains as
long as the domicilo is retained, and is changed with
it Ivozsta was therefore vested with the nationality
of an American citizen at Smyrna, if ho in contem-
Dlation of law had a domicile in the United States.
To lose a domicile when once obtained the domiciled
person must leave the country of his residence with
tho intention to abandon that residence, and must
acquire a domicilo in another. Both of these facts
are naccssary to effect a change of domicile; but
neither of them exists in Kozstu's case. The facta
show that lie was only temporarily absent from this
country 011 pnv.itu business, with iiw iiuoiiUon ol re-
maining permanently in Turkey, but on the contrary,
wa>atthe tuneot hisseizureawaiting an opportunity
to return to tho Uuited States. Whenever, by the
operation ol the law of nations, an individual becomes
clothed with our national character, bo he a native-
born or naturalized citizcn, an exile driven from his
early home by political oppression, or an emigrant
enticed from it by the hopes of a better fortune tor
himself and his posterity, ho can claim the protection
ol this Government, and it may respond to that claim
without being obliged to explain its conduct to any
foreign Power, lor it is its duty to make its nation-
ality respected by other nations, and respectable in
every quarter of the globe."— Wheuton'e Elements of
International Law, page 133.
" It is undoubtedly true that an American citisen
who goes into a foreign country, altuougn he owes
local and temporaly allegiance to tliat country,isyet,
if lie pcrlorms no other act changing his condition,
entitled to the protection ol his own Government;
and il, without the violation ot any municipal law,
he should be treated unjustly, he would have a right
to claim that protection, and tho interposition ot the
American Government in his tavor would be consid-
ered its a justifiable interposition."— Wheaton'« Lie-
meiUt of International Law, papol24.
*' By some it is held to be mi indestructible political
tie. and though resulting trom tho mere accident of
birth, yet torever binding thosubjectto the sovereign;
by others it is consulureda political connection in tho
nature of a civil contract, dissoluble by mutual con-
, sent, but not so at tho option of cither party. The
sounder and more prevalent doctrine, however, is,
that the citizcn or subject, having faithtully per-
formed the pa^t and present duties resulting trom
his relation to tho sovereign power, may at any tiino
release hiuiselt Irom the obligations of allegiance,
ireely quit the land ot his birth or adoption, seek
through all countries a home, and select anywhere
1 that which ofters him tho fairest prospect of happi-
nebs forhimself and his posterity. When the sover-
eign power, wheresoever it may be placed, does not
answer the ends for which it is bestowed, when it is
not exerted for the general weltaro of the people, or
has become oppressive to individuals, this right to
withdraw rests on as firm a basis, and is similar in
principle t<> the right which legitimates resistance to
tyranny, fke conflicting laws on the subject of al-
legiance are of  -iuunicipal character, and have no
controlling oporation*bpyond the territorial limits
of the countries enactingtbem. All uncertainty as
well as confusion on this subject is avoided by giving
due consideration to the fact, that th« parties to the
question now under consideration are two independ-
ent nations, and that neither has the right to appeal
to its own municipal laws for the rules to settle the
matter in dispute which occurred within the juris-
diction of a third independent Power."— Wheaton *
Element ol International Lata, pages 128 and 1^9.
! " By the consent and procurement of the emperor
, I of Austria Kosta had been sent into perpetual ban-
1 ishment. The emperor was a party to the expulsion
i of the Hungarian relugees from Turkey. The sov-
1 ereign, by Buch an act, deprives his subjects to whom
it is applied of all their rights under his Government.
He places them where he could not, if he would, afford
l' them protection. 13y such an act he releases thosub-
i jects thus banished from the bond of allegiance.
! Any other result would make the political conncc-
, tion between the subject and the sovereign a state ot
i! unmitigated vassalage, in which all the duties and
no rights would be on one sid^c and all the rights and
1 no duties on the other."—Wheaton't Element) of in-
j j ternational Law, page 130.
;; From all the foregoing remarks but one con-
; elusion can be justly drawn, and ia summed up
in Mr. Marcy'a own Mttdjpfcfctho Ko te case:
' tif Mfe domicile here invested
UlMwi'tbtlttitiDiiiil oharacter of this_country, and
#itb tbat character he acquired the right to claim
protection from the United States, and they had the
right to extqpd it to him as long as that character
continued."
Now, a naturalized citizen and a native citi-
zen are identical before the law of this coun-
try. The right of each to protection from this
Government is inalienable so long as our laws
are obeyed by them. If domicile can give the
right of protection from the Government, so
clearly shown by the dispatches of Mr. Web-
ster and Mr. Marcy in the two cases just shown,
how much stronger claim on our protection
have our adopted citizens fully naturalized and
now in foreign prisons?
Mr. Wheaton, on page 13B, part eleven, chap-
ter eleven, of his International Law, does not
deny the truth of the conclusion that adopted
American citizens have every right to protec-
tion from our Government so long as they obey
the laws. But he certainly adroitly, if not justly,
removes the practical value of that protection
to our adopted citizens abroad by his opinion
upon the case of J. P. Knocke, July 24, 1840,
MS. dispatches, in which he asserts that Mr.
Knocke, being a Prussian, and having returned
to the country of his birth, " his native domi-
cile and character revert;" in other words, a
