1014
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 6,
naturalized citizen is debarred, by this opinion
ot' Mr. Wheaton, from visiting the country of
his birth.
Such an opinion, notwithstanding the high
authority which declares it, is to my mind un-
just and not sustained by the opinions before
cited of Mr. Webster and Mr. Marcy, nor can
it be held as consistent with the spirit of the
age or the progress of civilization. The weight
of authority and prestige of the practice among
Asiatic and European nations may be, and un-
doubtedly is, construed in favor of Mr. Wheaton.
As a great publicist he obeyed the "stare
decisis"1 rule of the court over which he was
one of the presiding judges. International law
may in its letter, but not in its spirit, sustain
the Governments of Europe in their exercise
of a despotic power over their subject-citizens.
By that law, strictly interpreted, thousands of
American citizens are deserters to-day, and, if
deserters, criminals liable to severe pains and
penalties. And, indeed, any European-born
who emigrates to and becomes a citizen of this
country, and then goes abroad, is liable to ar-
rest the moment he visits the land of his birth,
should the municipal laws of his native State
be enforced upon him, underany of thenumer-
ous enactments which fix the relations of sov-
ereign and subject. Mr. Webster distinctly says
in hisdispatch on the Thrasher case, (Wheaton,
page 125, part eleven, chapter eleven :)
"No man can carry the a;gia of his national Amer-
ican liberty into a foreign country and expect to hold
it up for his exemption from the dominion and au-
thority of the laws and the sovereign power of that
country^ unless he ba authorized so to do by treaty
stipulations."
At first sight this might seem to confirm Mr.
Wheaton's opinion in the case of Mr. Knocke
in 1840. But Mr. Webster was expressing his
views of the rights of a citizen who had aban-
doned his citizenship in the United States and
by making his domicile in, not visiting, a
foreign country, lost thereby the protection ''of
the asgis of his national American liberty."
Mr. Wheaton informed Knocke that " had
you remained in the United States or visited
any other foreign country (except Prussia) on
your lawful business, you would have been
protected by the American authorities at home \
and abroad." j
From all the foregoing facts it seems to me
clear and incontrovertible that, there is an es- ;
tablished principle in American diplomacy in 1
regard to the rights of our citizens abroad. |
The issue has been distinctly made and man- i
fully maintained by two of thegreateststatesmen j
this country has produced since the Revolution.
The insurmountable difficulty in the settlement
oftheconfiictoflaws between the United States
and the States of Europe is that by the ruling
of international jurists the "territorial princi-
ple," as it is called, limits the force of the law
of naturalization. So that a naturalized citizen
of this country is not absolved from his allegi-
ance to his original or native State by any law
of the country of his adoption.
Treaty stipulations alone can absolve the
European subject from the claims of his sov-
ereign or State.
Now, have such treaties ever been made by
this Government with any of the European Gov-
ernments? If so, where and what are they?
By whom made? With whom made ? If none
have been yet made, why have they not been
made? If they have been made, why are they
not published I Not to have made such treaties
with European Powers is a gross abandonment
of our citizens to continual risk and insult.
To the attainment of the proper information
I shall at the proper time present to the House
for its consideration a resolution calling for
executive information on this subject.
DON PACIFICO CASK.
The naturalization of foreigners in European
countries is so insignificant that it is hardly
worth while to refer to the laws prevalent on
the subject, excepting to show that a natural-
ize d_ British subject is commended, by the
British Government to the protection of foreign
Powers with the same solicitude and eneray as
a native-born British subject; and Lord Palm-
erston gave orders for the bombardment of
Athens on account of the alleged violation of
the rights of a naturalized British subject, Mr.
Paeilico, who was not a resident even in the
United Kingdom proper, but of the British
dependency of Gibraltar.
The gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Banks] thus states the claims made on Amer-
ican citizens by European Powers:
"Now, European law holds all these peoplo to tho
second and third generation, even 'perhaps for nil
time,' according to Mr. Westlake's authority as to
English law, to the obligation of subjects of those
European Governments."
The magnitude of this question, as far as
America is concerned as compared to Europe,
is so much greater that the European regula-
tions and enactments and practices pn the sub-
ject hardly deserve our special attention. The
fact is that the omission in failing to make
treaty stipulations with all foreign Powers by
which naturalized American citizens are placed
precisely and in every respect on the same
footing in foreign countries as native-born
American citizens, has assumed in course of
time gigantic proportions commensurate with
the increase of European population from three
millions in 1790 to thirty millions in 1868. If
any foreign Government were to set up a claim
against any one of these thirty millions on
account of a claim upon their parents and
grand and grand-grand-parents which emi-
grated from European countries, the American
war of independence would be reduced to a
myth, and instead of having, as in the colonial
era, the King of England for our master, we
would be actually held in bondage by all the
emperors, kings, popes, and sultans of Europe,
from whose Governments these devices were to
be put forth.
j NECESSITY or TREATY STIPULATIONS ON THE SUBJECT.
I In the absence of treaty stipulations no one
1 can tell that such claims may not be urged.
; Preposterous as they would be, the fact that
no provision is made against the possibility of
\ their being made is still more preposterous.
! Fortunately that most of the Africans are born
; in this country; otherwise they would come
within the same category, and the President of
the United States would be beset with all the
chieftains of African tribes, claiming to exer-
cise sovereignty over the original descendants
of their country. As it is, we have to deal
only with the thirty million Americans of
European parentage, and though as far as the
principle involved is concerned, there is little
difference whether the pretensions upon their
allegiance by foreign Governments are derived
from claims upon these Americans themselves,
upon their parents or grand-parents, the pres-
ent question, narrowed to the class of citizens
known to the law as naturalized citizens, and
to their protection against each and all the
claims, excepting, of course, for criminal
causes that are and may be made upon them
by the foreign Governments, whose allegiance
they foreswore on being admitted to American
citizenship.
But this question, narrowed as it thus is,
still retains colossal proportions, if it is con-
sidered that the number of naturalized citizens,
now amounting to seven millions, may reach
within the next generation to twenty millions.
THE FAULT LAYS AT OUB OWN DOOR.
The fault lays at our own door. We made
a grievous mistake in not boldly providing for
this state of things, growing out of our Euro-
pean parentage, and prevailing upon foreign
Governments to recognize the principle in
international law by special treaty provisions
that American citizenship is one and indivisi-
ble, that native or naturalized citizens are
equals, united nationally and in every respect.
DUTY OF THIS GOVERNMENT.
Supposing that, in the absence of any known
treaty with any European or Asiatic State for
the protection of American citizens, this Gov-
ernment is either blind to its true duty or af-
fraid to urge an obnoxious subject on foreign
States, it becomes the evident duty of the legis-
lative branch, especially this House of Rep-
resentatives, to insist upon such prompt action
as shall protect our people abroad.
It does not properly belong, perhaps, to this
branch of the Government to mar the har-
mony which may exist between the Secretary
of State and our foreign relations. But if the
Representatives of a free and brave nation do
not use every means in their power to redress
the wrongs done by the oppressor of American
citizens at home or abroad the curse of that na-
tion will justly rest upon their memory. The
! brand of sloth and neglect will be stamped on
our names in history when the inevitable con-
sequence of the long list of grievances undei
which the naturalized citizen has lived in this
country since the lievelution, shall culminate
in universal Fenianism, involving this Govern-
ment in a labyrinth of discords complicated
by disgrace.
j The destinies and rights of many million
emigrants from Europe to this country are
in our hands. A new epoch has been made
in the law of nations by the power of steam.
The lateen-sails which wooed the breeze to
waft the Asiatic races along the shores of In-
dian and Chinese seas now flap idly on their
reedy masts as the swift steamer rides the
| deep, laden with the adventurous freight of
human beings departing from Asia to seek
labor in the Western World or coming from Eu-
rope to seek their fortunes in Australasia. The
barriers built by Confucius are battered down
by progress and Christian civilization.. The
Chinese wall of exclusiveness and despotism
is crumbling at the sound of the steam whistle,
more terrible to barbarians thaa an army with
banners.
The ponderous systems of old European Gov-
ernments are now becoming as curious to the
student of justice and human progress as the
ruins of the Pantheon, the Coliseum, or the
Catacombs. Emperors are now democratic—
kings rule by the vote of their people and act
with the advice and consent of an enlight-
ened senate. The suffrage by ballot and ex-
tended right of suffrage are both loosening
the fetters of prejudice and class. The aristo-
cratic dispensers of patronage and monopolists
of power, who held control of the society of
Europe and dictated laws to her colonies, now
recognize the influence and seek the support
of the middle and lower classes as partners in
Government, and not as mere payers of taxes.
Emigration is but the exercise of a natural right
to seek liberty and happiness, in due obser-
vance of law. Emigration is but the use of
the divine right of way among nations. Once
a sturdy and wise old burggrave of ancient
Nuremberg announced this as a divine right
when he said:
" God made heaven for Himself and His saints, and
He gave the earth to men, to the end that she might
bi of benefit alike to rich and poor. The highways
are for their use, and God has not put any tax upon
them."
The highways of God are the broad seas
which encompass the round world, and the
great rivers and open plains are for the use
of all who dwell upon the earth, that they
may move over the face of their great inherit-
ance free, content, and happy. Such is the
higher law of creation and of common sense.
The great steps which man has made to fulfill
this law within the last fifty years have revolu-
tionized his race and changed the structure of
society. The relations between continents are
now more intimate than any which existed
between cities of the last century. Govern-
ments are no longer the solemn, stately engines
of power which framed the pragmatic sanc-
tion, the treaty of Utrecht, or the Holy Alli-
ance. Governments to-day are practical and
must move with the wants of the people, or
the people quit the Government and abandon
the homes of their fatherland. Hence Ameri-
can emigration from Europe during the last
fifty years.
The laws which regulate the intercourse be-
tween the citizens of this country and Europe
are out of fashion, illogical, and troublesome.
They must be molded to suit the humor of
people and the spirit of the age, or the people
