1016
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 6,
called in to fill np tho ranks of the army of opera-
tion, the men of the reserve to join the depot and
garrison corps."—Seven Weeks' War, by H. M. Ilozier,
vol. 1, pages 84, 88, 130, 131. and 13o.
The military service in Bavaria.
"In Bavaria the time ofmilitary service is six years.
It is allowed to find substitutes for the service. The
time of actual presence with tho colors is twelve
months in the first year, eight in the second, threo in
the third, and fourteen days in the fourth. Except
for this time tho soldier is sent home on furlough."
Military service in W'urtemberg.
" The time of service in W iirtemberg is twelve years;
recruiting conducted by conscription, but substitutes
allowed. Six of these twelve years are passed in the
line, six in tho landwehr. It must, however, bo
observed that tho time of actual presence with the
standards is about eighteen months; furloughs nro
granted for the rest."—Seven Weeks' War, by II. M.
Hoiier, vol. 1, pages 138,139.
Military service in Italy.
" The recruiting of the Italian army is conducted
by conscription; substitutes are, however, allowed.
About fifty thousand recruits were levied annually
before the war. Theso were divided into two por-
tions proportionately to tho vacancies in the ranks.
The recruits of the first portion served for eleven
years, of which the first five were spent under the
standards; those of the second portion were called
out and then dismissed, but were liable to military
service for a period of five years. Besides the regu-
lar army, a national guard exists in Italy. This is
of the character of a burgher guard, and exists for
the most part only upon paper. It is intended, how-
ever, in future to form, in case of war, a mobilized
national guard of two hundred and twenty battal-
ions, musteringaboutono hundred and ten thousand
men, to act as garrison troops. There exists also a
corps of carabineers who do theduty of agendarmerie,
and number over twenty thousand men, but these
would rarely be over available against an internal
enemy, as to them is intrusted all the police duties
of the peninsula.
"At the beginning of the war the Italian forces were
strengthened by the formation of volunteer corps to
serve under General Garibaldi; of these there were
forty-two battalions. As with all irregular troops,
it is extremely difficult to discover what number
these corps mustered, but they may apparently be
safely calculated as thirty-five thousand men."—
Seven Weeks' War, by H. Sf. Hozier, vol. 1, pages 147
and 148.
Reprisals. 4
"Or, if any citizen shall have been arrested and
detained, whoso release upon demand shall have been
unreasonably delayed or refused, the President shall
be, and hereby is, empowered to order the arrest and
to detain in custody any subject or citizen of such
foreign Government who may be found within the
jurisdiction of the United States, and the President
shall, without unreasonable delay, gire information
to Congress of any such proceedings under this act."
The power to make reprisals is now exer-
cised by the Executive in all needful cases. It
is supererogatory t,o make any such declaration
in tlijs matter. As an instance of the exercise j
of this power, in retaliation for arrest of Ameri- I
can citizens abroad, I refer to the case of the !
desertion of two men from the Cuzco, a British
bark in the harbor of Valparaiso. See Diplo-
matic Correspondence, 1865-66, vol. 1., page
88, No. 1191, in which Mr. Seward says:
It is not supposed that her Majesty's Government
expects from us any different measure of justice than
that whioh they made to trio United States.
Sections three and four of this bill provides—
That no citizen who shall establish a continuous
residence beyond the limits of the United States for
a term exceeding five years, shall be entitled to the
protection.
Further, sections three and four—
That if any naturalized citizen of the United
States shall return to his iiativo country with intent
to resume his domicile therein, etc., such citizen shall
not be entitled to the interposition of the Govern-
ment in his behalf. That the term domicile shall bo
construed to mean a continuous residence of more
than one year in the native country.
The republic of Switzerland protects her citi-
zens abroad without any limitation of time, and
finds great benefit in this system, so far as her
commercial interests are favored and increased
by her citizens abroad, who, for instance, live
in Brazil and other commercial countries longer
than fifteen or twenty years, always as repub-
lican as Switzerland. The law in Prnssia pro-
vides that her subjects abroad, by a continuous
absence of ten jears, lose the right of citizen-
ship though their obligations continue in force.
_ The clause in regard to "domicile " will give
rise to much trouble to naturalized citizens ;
they will be in danger to have no protection
at all, either from the native nur the adopted
country. So long as a citizen does not ex-
pressly dissolve his allegiance and does not
gwear allegiance to another country his citizen-
ship remains in statu quo, unaltered and unim-
paired. This is a very sinplc, natural, and true
aoctrine. The presumption above mentioned
in regard to domicile is of no value at all,
and will certainly be a source of disturbance ;
further, the limitation of five years is obnox-
ious, because we have naturalized citizens who
have business establishments in New York,
Philadelphia, Baltimore, and other places, and
besides branches in Europe, established so that
their partners, though American citizens, live
in Europe controlling their branch business.
Many Americans live in Alexandria, Egypt,
for several years as merchants, and claim the
protection as American citizens from the
American consul there.
What! this bill. One portion of your fellow-
citizens ask for protection and you threaten
others with expatriation. The first section is
a lively instance of the character of the whole
bill. I am in favor of bold, prompt, practical,
j and really efficient action by this Government
in relief of our citizens who have petitioned us
for relief abroad; also, in favor of some action
by this House at this time. But any action in
regard to the principles involved in this bill,
so far as protecting and defining the rights and
duties of American citizens is concerned, and
the responsibility of inaugurating a course of
policy in this matter, will be assumed and
monopolized by the party in power here. So
far as the chairman of the Committee on For-
eign Affairs is an exponent of the policy of his
party and of this Administration, through the
medium of this bill, I think itnow generally ad-
mitted, by the tenor of debate, to be a failure.
What is particularly obnoxious as well as weak
in this bill is the first line: " That all natural-
ized citizens of the United States while in for-
eign States shall," &c.t Is this all that remains
to the white race in this Union, Mr. Speaker ?
After all that has been done by this Congress
and its two immediate predecessors to establish
the constitutional amendment and its adjuncts,
which declare that there shall be no distinc-
tion of color among American citizens at home
or abroad, have we come to such "base uses
at last," " to such lame and impotent conclu-
sion," that a distinction is to be made between
American citizens of different birth? The
title, when taken together with the bill, is one
of the most rare specimens of American states-
manship. The title is only surpassed in the
grandeur of tone and mightiness of its swell
by the roar of our national wonder, the catar-
act of Niagara. This bill, sir, is the fall, and
a "great fall." If it ever passes this House it
will fill this country and Europe with laughter
and become the wonder of two hemispheres.
A splendid effort is made, a heroic promise
given, in the first seven lines. And then the
balance of the section goes on to undo all that
this promise hints at.
I lie second section is a weak remedy and a
wicked plan. It relieves no sufferer, but creates
new victims ; it liberates no one now in prison
abroad, but threatens to fill all our prisons at
home with subjects of foreign Governments in
the way of reprisals. This punishes the inno-
cent for the guilty. _ This is exactly what King
Theodore of Abyssinia has done recently. The
trick is stale and rank and smacks of African
barbarity. England accepts his challenge and
proposes to make reprisals by taking posses-
sion of him and his kingdom. But this bill
pretends to resist the feudal law regulating the
relations of sovereign and subject, or at least
of ameliorating the severities of that systems
of laws in this particular instance.
general view.
The question naturally arises, in debating
this bill, can any act of Congress really pro-
tect citizens of the United States abroad
unless enforced by war or guarantied'by treaty
with each foreign State? If I understand the
law of nations and limitation pat upon laws
enacted by one nation to protect her citizens
against the encroachment of other Powers,
certainly not. Comity among nations recog-
nizes the customs and laws of each nation only
go far as there is no conflict between the eject-
ing laws of those nations. But the moment
one nation sets up a principle in direct hostil-
ity to the known and established law of another
people or Power, the question of difference
can only be settled by treaty or by war, generally,
however, ending by treaty. To reach the har-
mony desired without resort to the ultima ratio
of war diplomacy was established as a system.
In other words, this is a diplomatic question
belonging to the executive department, and
can only be brought to a successful issue
through a treaty. Legislation on such a sub-
ject as this does very well to open up the pub-
lic mind preparatory to executive action,
but no act of Congress can change the fixed
principle of European Governments with re-
gard to the right of expatriation, which lies at
the very root of the civil compact between a
State and its citizens.
1 Now, Mr. Speaker, while I do not propose
to enlarge upon the subject of expatriation at
this time, I assert that it does lie at the bottom
i of this billf and is the only real, vital question
\ in the bill. The petitions for relief and release
from imprisonment presented to this House by
j our citizens at-home and abroad are now a mat-
| ter of history. Our duty calls on us to act; act
i boldly, decisively; to act at once, in vindication
of the rights of American citizens in prison.
In prison in Ireland, in prison in England,
in prison in Germany, it matters not where
or under what pretext or by whom ; it is enough
that the facts are now well established to be
true and laid before this House, and touch the
honor, safety, and liberty of our citizens. We
cannot hesitate; we must not falter, waver, and
prevaricate. We must liberate these men. The
action of this House should be to redress, so
far as we can, the existing wrong done or being
done to our people, irrespective of birth. We
are not called on to legislate at this particular
time on the duties of native citizens abroad,
nor on the duties of adopted citizens abroad;
but simply to protect American citizens every-
where. This is our simple duty, our whole duty,
and our imperative duty at this time. Not to
do it now is to court insult in the future and
record our own shame before the world. This
bill does not meet the issue before the coun-
try in regard to the rights of A merican citizens
either at home or abroad. Mr. Banks says:
"There is no privilege for one that the other may
not claim, and it is the first and highest duty of the
American Government to accord its protectioa to the
naturalized citizen in exactly the same degree that
it does to the nntive-born citizen. And this bill pro-
poses to establish that principle. It is the first time
that it has been proposed in the form of a legislative
declaration."
Although the chairman of the Committee
on Foreign Relations says that this bill pro-
poses to establish for the first time the prin-
ciple of equality between the native and nat-
uralized citizens in exactly the same degree aa
claimants for protection, still I am warranted in
asserting that this bill actually establishes no
new fundamental principle of foreign policy on
the part of this Government. It shrinks, on
the contrary, with almost craven caution from
the avowed and reiterated policy of this Gov-
ernment, practiced or professed, from the ut-
terance of the famous "Monroe doctrine,"
down to the present demand on Great Britain
for the payment of our just claims for the Ala-
bama piracies. This bill relieves no class of citi -
zens, protects no class, native born or foreign.
The chairman of the Committee on Foreign
Affairs proposes to reenact in the nineteenth
century the brutalities of the Middle Ages by
organizing a wholesale system of reprisals. Be-
sides, the Executive has already this power and
ustfs it.
The third section is an utter failure to pro-
tect those who have petitioned this Congress
for relief, and ignores all obligations to existing
claimants on our aid and protection.
It solemnly avows a brave determination to
do certain things to certain delinquents here-
after, and will no doubt receive ready assistance
from every foreign Government in doing all pos-
sible injury to American citizens who como
within the proscribed list named in this section.
