1020
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 6,
The Clerk proceeded to read the bill.
When the reading had proceeded for some
time,
Mr. LAFLIN said: I ask that the farther
reading of this bill be dispensed with, that we
may begin at once the reading for amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. Is there objection to
dispensing with the first reading of the bill?
Mr. HOLMAN. I object. This is a very
important bill; and it seems to me it ought to
be read through for information before the
reading for amendment.
The Clerk continued and concluded the read-
ing of the bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The first reading of the
bill being concluded, the Clerk will now report
it by paragraphs for amendment.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. For the
purpose of limiting debate on this bill, I move
that the committee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, Mr. Wilson, of Iowa,
reported that the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union had had under consider-
ation the state of the Union generally, and
particularly the special order, being bill (H.
R. No. 509) making appropriations for the sup-
port of the Military Academy for the fiscal year
ending June 30, 1869, and had directed him to
report the same back with sundry amendments,
and recommend that the same be concurred in.
He also reported that the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union having had
under consideration, as a special order, the
bill (H. R. No. 605) making appropriations
for the legislative, executive, and judicial ex-
penses of the Government for the year ending
June 30, 1869, had come to no resolution
thereon.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I rise for
the purpose of moving that the House again
resolve itself into the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union; but, pending that
motion, I desire to move that the House limit
debate in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. MAYNARD. I suggest to the gentle-
man that we had better dispose of the Military
Academy bill before going again into Com-
mittee of the Whole.
The SPEAKER. That bill will go to the
Speaker's table unless it be acted on now.
MILITARY ACADEMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I accept
the suggestion that we take up now and pass
the bill (H. R. No. 699) making appropria-
tions for the support of the Military Academy
for the fiscal year ending June 30, 1869. I
call the previous question upon the bill and
amendments.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Before the
Clerk proceeds to read the amendments re-
ported from the Committee of the Whole I
desire to call for a separate vote upon two of
those amendments—one that striking out the
appropriation for the pay of the visitors of the
Military Academy, and the other the proviso
at the end of the bill. If the House will in-
dulge me for one moment, I will make a brief
statement.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman from Illinois whether he has any objec-
tion to having a vote taken in the House on
the amendment which I offered ?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I have.
I would not object, however, to a vote in the
House on the amendment in the form in which
the gentleman first offered it, proposing that
ihe white cadets from the southern States
ihould be required to take the test-oath, let-
ting in the colored cadets without taking any
Bath.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. That was not the propo-
rtion which I made.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Well, Mr.
. Speaker, I cannot be interrupted by the gen-
 'eman.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I would like to compro-
mise with the gentleman, and take a vote on
both propositions.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I shall
occupy, Mr. Speaker, but a few minutes of the
hour allowed by the rule to the member report-
ing a bill to close the debate. I wish to make
a brief statement in regard to the amendment
of my colleague, [Mr. Ingersoll.]
I say again, as I have said heretofore, that
I welcome any amendment which will diminish
the amount of our appropriations without con-
flicting with existing laws or with the public
interests. I trust that with every appropriation
bill which may come before the House we
shall have such amendments. The Committee
on Appropriations challenge the closest scru-
tiny for the bills which they report; and when-
ever any member can point out an appropri-
ation that may properly be cut down 1 hope
he will do it.
And I said yesterday, Mr. Speaker, in re-
gard to the amendment of my colleague, [Mr.
Ixgersoll], that perhaps this appropriation
might as well be stricken out. I was, of
course, bound to leave it to the gentlemen of the
committee. But, sir, upon further reflection,
and again looking at the matter, I think the
House should decline to concur in the recom-
mendation of the committee, and I will briefly
state the reasons why.
Now, sir, this West Point Military Academy
has always been the cause of a good deal of
jealousy. It has been held up to the country
as an aristocratic institution and that the peo-
ple had no control over it—that it was a sort
of outside concern, the operations of which
I1 were iu a degree concealed from the people
i and from Congress. I do not, as my colleague
I on the committee [Mr. Blaine] said he did,
i considerthis "an ancient humbug." Congress,
in 1846, feeling the weight of those suggestions,
I think very properly, passed a law from which
I will read a sentence:
! "That the President be authorised to appoint a
Board of Visitors to attend the annual examination
of the Military Academy, whose duty it shall be to
report to the Secretary of War, for the information
of Congress, at tho commencement of the next suc-
ceeding session, the actual state of discipline, iristruc-
j tion, police administration, fiscal affairs, and other
concerns of that institution."
This was a provision of law to enable Con-
gress to know what was going on at this Mili-
tary Academy, that we might know what legis-
lation was necessary. It was in order to let
us know the operations of that institution and
what abuses, if any, existed there, so that they
might be abated by proper legislation. Before
that time there was no control over this matter
by Congress at all. Hence, I think, with great
wisdom and great justice, we provided there
should be a Board of Visitors appointed which
should examine into this whole matter.
We also provided the manner in which they
should be appointed. And, sir, I do not think
Congress was governed by the ignoble motives
which the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Schenck]
seemed to ascribe to them. Now, sir, it is
known in the organization of the W st Point
Military Academy it was provided that every
portion of the country should have its repre-
sentatives. Every congressional .district is
entitled to be represented in that Academy on
the appointment of its members of Congress,
thus popularizing the institution as far as pos-
sible.
Following the provision I have read, the
same act provides, and I think very justly, as
follows:
"And the whole number of visitors shall not ex-
ceed half the number of States in the Union, and
they shall bo selected alternately from every second
State, each member being a resident citizen of the
State from which ho shall be appointed; and not
less than six members shall be taken from among
the officers actually serving in the militia; and a
second member shall not betaken from any congres-
sional district until every other district in the State
shall have supplied a member."
Now, sir, there can be no more just provis-
ion than that in order to have every section
of the country represented alternately in this
Board of Visitors. That seems to have been
the intention of the Congress which passed
the act, and I say it was a wise and just one,
to enable the House to have all the informa-
tion necessary to govern us in legislating in
reference to this Military Academy.
The gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Schenck,]
who was a visitor, and obtained, when there,
all that detailed information which he gave to
the House yesterday with so much gusto and
to my discomfiture, I have no doubt, as he
thought, as president of the Board of Visitors,
brought into this House some of the most im-
portant amendments which we have ever
adopted here in regard to this Military Acad-
emy. We have had the benefit of the investi-
gations of the Board of Visitors, and we have
acted on them in furtherance of the public
interest; and, sir, I do not intend, so far as
I am concerncd, to yield up what we now
have—to yield up this power of sending visi-
tors to West Point in order to examine, as the
statute provides, "into the discipline, instruc-
tion, police administration, fiscal affairs, and
other concerns of that institution."
Mr. MAYNARD. Will the gentleman al-
low me to interrupt him a moment?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. For what
purpose?
I Mr. MAYNARD. To suggest that the Mili-
tary Committees of the two Houses might as
well go to West Point as the Naval Commit-
tees to Annapolis.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. That is
not the law, and all the Committee on Appro-
priations have to do is to carry out the pro-
visions of existing law.
Mr. MAYNARD. I rise to a point of order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will state
point of order.
Mr. MAYNARD. The question of order is,
that the gentleman has no right on a bill that
comes reported from the Committee of the
Whole to occupy an hour after the main ques-
tion has been ordered.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order on two grounds: first, it was
not made in time; and second, it would not
have b6en good if made in time. A member
having reported a bill has a right, after the
previous question is seconded, to occupy an
hour at each stage of the bill. The object of
the rule is obvious. If it were not the rule a
majority of the House by seconding the pre-
vious question would be able to prevent tho
gentleman in charge of it from explaining it.
Mr. MAYNARD. I do not wish to debate
it, but I understood a different rule prevails
in regard to a bill coming from the Committee
of the Whole.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman cannot
debate a rule of order.
Mr. MAYNARD. No, sir; I do not under-
stand that I can.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I supposed
the question of order suggested - by the gentle-
man could be settled in short order.
Mr. MAYNARD. If the gentleman does
not wish to have a question asked he has the
power to prevent it.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The Com-
mittee on Appropriations reported that clause
in the Military Academy bill to carry out an
existing law. Whether the appropriation is
made or not the President has to appoint com-
missioners, and they are entitled to pay. Now,
how much is the expense of sending this board
to West Point to get all the information we
want to act upon if we wish to sustain that
institution? What is the pay they get? It has
been well said that they get no pay. The Sec-
retary of War nominates individuals, as pre-
scribed by the Constitution, and they get only
eight cents a mile for traveling each way and
their actual expenses.
The appropriation for this year has already
been made. Now, shall we say that the Board
of Visitors which shall be appointed by the
present Administration shall be paid, but take
away from the incoming Administration, which
we believe will be on the side of loyalty to the
country, the power to send these visitors to
West Point to obtain the information in regard
