18(58.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
1021
to that institution which is necessary tor our
action
That is nil I desire to say in relation to that
matter. In relation to the amendment of my
colleague, [Mr. Logan,] there is the same ob-
jection to it, in a measure, that there is to the
other. It is a law which has existed from the
earliest time that these lieutenants and others
stationed there should have this additional
pay. It is no great sura. It amounts, taking
out the exception which my colleague has
made in his amendment, to some twenty-five
hundred dollars. I say it is the law, and these
lieutenants are entitled to pay under the law ;
but by the amendment which the Committee
ot the W hole lias adopted, while it is the law,
we retuse to make the appropriation. We are
thus in the attitude ot making war upon the
law. We are striking at a tew lieutenants,
highly educated, meritorious, and gallant young
men, at West Point, sent there as instructors,
and who, as I said, have been 
Mr. LOGAN. W ill the gentleman allow me
right here to interrupt him? 1 desire to state
that there is no intention on mv part of strik-
ing at any of the lieutenants. 1 do not like the
sott impeachment that is intended for me. I
will say that there are plenty of lieutenants on
the plains to-day being shot at by Indians, and
these lieutenants are willing to be required to
perform that duty without any extra pay. I
do not mean to strike at anybody. My object
was to put them on an equality.
Mr. WASIIBURNE, of Illinois. Mr. Speak-
er, the law exists, and let my colleague bring
in his bill to repeal the existing provision.
While he proposes not to make the appropria-
tion he has brought in no bill to repeal the
law. I say I think it is unbecoming in us to
refuse the appropriation. I will go as far, I
think, as the man who goes farthest in regard
to retrenchment; but I do not propose to strike
at these men at West Poiut. 1 do not propose
to strike at the gallant soldiers who have been
fighting Indians who may be ordered to West
Point; but if they are ordered to West Point,
when they get there, in consideration of the
gallant services they have rendered, I would
be the last inan to refuse them a hundred or two
hundred dollars additional. My colleague does
not mean to strike at West Point; I know that.
I know there has been a hostility to West
Point, and I have participated in it myself;
but I believe that West Point in the last six
years has been vindicated, and that the name
of the Military Academy will live in this coun-
try ag long as the names of Grant and Sher-
idan and Sherman and Thomas and a host of
others will live. Sir, it is an institution which
should be cherished by the American people
in gratitude for the services which the gradu-
ates of that Academy have rendered to the
country.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I wish to ask the gen-
tleman a question.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Well, what
is the question ?
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I will state the question.
I wish to know this of the gentleman, whether
it has been the custom to appoint cadets from
northern States to fill vacancies caused by the
absence of the members from the southern
States and their failure to make appointments?
And then I wish to know further, whether there
isany law authorizing appointments to be made
in that way'!
Mr. WASIIBURNE, of Illinois. As to the
first part of the gentleman's question, he may
go to the Department and get the information.
1 have no particular information to give him
on that subject. And in relation to the law,
he is not making a speech, and he can hunt it
up a great deal better than I can.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. That is a satisfactory
answer.
Mr. LOGAN. My colleague will allow me
one remark just here. From the tenor of his
remarks it would seem as though there was
some thrust made at West Point.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Not atall.
Mr. LOGAN. Now, I merely desire to
make one remark. It is this: so far as the
vindication ot West Point, is concerned, I have
naught to say. I am willing to accord the
highest honor to every man who has imperiled
his life for his country, whether he be a gradu-
ate of West Point or not. I am willing to accord
the greatest credit to General Grant, General
Thomas, General Sherman, and to all the
other generals whom the gentleman mentioned,
though 1 cannot see that that has anything to
do with this bill. But I will remind the gen-
tleman of one thing while he is injecting a
stump speech here in favor of West Point, and
it is this: while we accord credit and houor
and glory to those who have vindicated them-
selves and their country who have graduated at
West Point, sir, I tell you that West Point lias
been a nest that has produced the leaders of
all the treason in this land, and jny colleague
knows it; I will inject that into his speech;
the Lees, the Beauregards, the Stuarts, and
all of those rebel leaders were educated at
West Point.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I agree to
what my colleague says, and if I had left that
branch of the subject and gone on to the vol-
unteer officers I would have paid my colleague
a compliment which would have made him
blush. [Laughter.]
Mr. LOGAN. No: you need not do that;
I am not fishing for compliments ; but I will
say that I do not propose to make speeches
here to bring in the names of men here and
eulogize them when tliey have nothing to do
with the bill. I propose to let every law stand
or fall on its own merits.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Precisely.
Mr. LOGAN. And the merits of no man
ought to thrust a bill through this House be-
cause he is a graduate of West Point.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Well, I
presume the House is able and competent to
judge for itself.
Mr. LOGAN. Certainly it is.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I do not see that there
is any hurry for the House to appropriate this
$4,000 asked for the payment of this Board of
Visitors. If it shall appear to be necessary
hereafter for the good administration of that
Academy it can be brought forward in two or
three months hence in the supplemental bill.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. No, sir.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I know that it can; I
take issue with my colleague on that point.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Will my
colleague tell me what supplemental bill we
have ?
Mr. INGERSOLL. I know you have none
now, but you will have before the close of the
s6ssion.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. We have
none at this time.
Mr. INGERSOLL. You will have a mis-
cellaneous appropriation bill, which we will be
called upon to vote for before we adjourn this
session ; and in that miscellaneous bill this can
be brought forward if necessary, if it is left
out of this bill. In view of the fact that the
Committee on Military Affairs have at this
time under consideration the question of repeal-
ing the law which provides for this Board of
Visitors is it not well for the House to concur
in the amendment of the Committee of the
Whole and leave this appropriation out of the
bill for the present?
Mr. WASIIBURNE, of Illinois. Very well;
we can try what the House thinks about it.
The first amendment reported from the Com-
mittee of the Whole was to the first item, to
strike out the words "pay of officers" and
insert the words "additional pay of officers,
and for pay ofso that the clause will read :
For additional pay of officers,.and for pay of in-
structors, cadets, and musicians, $182,747 50.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment reported from the Com-
mittee of the Whole was to strike out "for
expenses of Board of Visitors, $4,000."
The question was taken upon agreeing to the
amendment; and upon a division there wer_e—
ayes 24, noes 70.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
The next amendment reported from the Com-
mittee of the Whole was to strike out "for
rebuilding north wharf, $5,000."
The amendment wa3 agreed to.
The next amendment reported from the Com-
mittee of the Whole was to insert "for contin-
gencies for the superintendent of the Academy,
ijSoOO."
The amondment was agreed to.
The next amendment reported from the Com-
mittee of the Whole was to add to the bill the
following:
Provided, That no part of the sums appropriated
by tho provisions of this act shall be expended in
violation ot the provisions of an act entitled "An
, act to prescribe an oath of office, and for other pur-
poses," approved July 2, lSGli: And provided further,
, lhat no part of tlio moneys appropriated by this act
shal j be applied to the pay or subsistence of any ca-
det from any State declared to be in rebellion against
tho Government of the United States, appointed
I after tho 1st day of January, 1868, until such State
j I shall have returned to its original relation to the
j' Union.
Mr. HOLMAN. Is that amendment divis-
! ible?
The SPEAKER. An amendment of the
Committee of the Whole is not divisible unless
, so agreed upon in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. It is
! properthatl should state I agreed in Committee
' of the Whole that this amendment should be
II divided when it came up in the House.
The SPEAKER. Then the first question
will be upon the first clause of the amendment.
The first clause of the amendment was read,
as follows:
Provided, That no part of the sums appropriated
j by the provisions of this act shall bo expended in
I violation of the provisions of an act entitled "An
act to prescribe an oath of office, and for other pur-
! poses," approved July 2,1862.
;! The question was taken, and the first clause
| i of the amendment was agreed to.
I' The next question was upon the second clause
j1 of the amendment, as follows:
II And provided further, That no part of the moneys
:; appropriated by this act shall be applied to the pay
I or subsistence of any cadet from any State declared
to be in rebellion against tho Government of the
!! United States, appointed after the 1st day of Jan-
lj uary, 1868, until such State shall have returned to its
■ I original relation to the Union.
!' Mr. BLAINE. I hope that will be voted
I down.
II The question was taken; and upon a divis-
1 ion there were—ayes 70, noes 27.
I Before the result of the vote was announced,
j! Mr. TRIMBLE, of Kentucky, called forth#
yeas and nays.
The question was taken upon ordering the
■ yeas and nays; and upon a division there
were—ayes eighteen; not one fifth of the last
vote.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. TRIMBLE, of Kentucky; called for tell:
ers on ordering the yeas and nays.
The question was taken ; and upon a division
there were—ayes sixteen.
So (one fifth of a quorum not voting in the
affirmative) tellers were not ordered.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The amendment was accordingly agreed to.
The last amendment reported from the Com-
mittee of the Whole was to add to the bill the
following:
And provided furthei-. That no part of the money
appropriated by this act shall be applied to the
payment of extra allowance to officers assigned to
duty at West Point, except the superintendent and
commandant.
The question was taken ; and upon a division
there were—ayes 42, noes 54.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. HOLMAN called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken; and it was
decided in the negative—yeas 71, nays 75,
not voting 43 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Anderson, Arnell, Axtell,
Bailey, Baker, Baldwin, Beatty, Benjamin, Buck-
land, Burr, Cake, Cary, Reader W. Clarke, Sidney
Clarke, Oobb, Coburn, Cook, Cornell, Ela, Farnsr
