1022
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February (5,
worth, Fetriss, Fox, Golladay, Gravely, Grover,
llaislit, Hulsey, Harding, Hill, Holinan, Hopkins,
Hunter, Johnson, Kitclion, Knott, Koontz, George V.
Lawrence, William Lawrence. Loan, Logan, Lough-
ridge, Mallory. Marshall, Maynard, MoClurg. Me-
Corniiek, Mereur, Moore, Mullins, Mungen. Myers,
Nunn, O'Neill, Pile, Polsley, Price, Koss, Scolield,
■Shanks, Sitgreaves, Aaron 1. Stevens, Tatl'e, Taylor,
Lawrence S. Trimble, Trowbridge, Van Aernam,
Ward. Welkcr, William AVilliams, and John T. Wil-
son—Tl.
XAVS—Messrs. Adams, Archer, James M. Ashley,
Barnei, Barnum, Beainan, Blaine, Blnir, Boutwell,
Bover, Brooks, Broomall, Ohanlcr. Churchill, Covode,
Dawes, Dixon. Driggs, Kldridge, Eliot, Ferry, Fields,
Garlield.Uetz.Glossbrenner.Griswold, lligb.v, Hooper,
llotcli kiss,Chester 1). Hubbard, llulbiml, Humphrey,
Ingcrsoll, Jenekes, Julian, Kerr, Keteham, Lailin,
Lincoln, Marvin, McOulloURh, Miller, Moorliead,
Morrell, Xiblack, Nicholson, Paine,Perhana, Poland,
Pruyn, Randall, Rauin, Kobinson, Sawyer, Smith.
Spalding. Starkweather, Thaddeus Stevens, Stewart,
Stokes, Stone, John Trimble, Twichell, Upson, Van
Auken, Burt Van Horn, llobert T. Van Horn, Cad-
walader C. Washburn, Elihu B. Washburne, Henry
D. Washburn, Thomas Williams. James F. Wilson,
Windom, Woodbridge, and Woodward—75.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ames, Delos H. Ashley,
Banks, Beek, Benton, Bingham, Bromwell, Butler,
Cnllom, Dodge. Donnelly, Eckley, Ksgleston. Finney,
Hawkins, Asahel W. Hubbard, Richard D. Hub-
bard, Jones, Judd, Kelley, Kelsey, Lynch, McCarthy,
Morgan, Morrissey, Xewcoinb, Orth, Peters. Phelps,
Pike, Plants, Pomeroy, Robertson, Schenek, Selye,
Shellabarger, Taber, Thomas, Van Trump. Van
Wyek, William B. Washburn, Stephen F. Wilson, 1
and Wood—43.
So the amendment was not agreed to. !
During the roll-call, 1
Mr. GRAVELY said : I desire to state that
my colleague [Mr. Newcomb] is absent on ;
account of sickness.
The result of the vote was announced as ■
above stated.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be
engrossed for a third reading; and being en-
grossed, it was accordingly read the third time,
and passed.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was
passed; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to. '
legislative, etc., appropriation bill. i
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I rise to J
move that the House resolve into the Commit- 1
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union
upon the bill (H. II. No. 60-j) making appro-
priations for the legislative, executive, and
judicial expenses of the Government for the
year ending the 30th of June, 1809. j
Mr. S1EVENS, of Pennsylvania. Before j
the gentleman makes that motion, I desire, with '
his consent, to move the printing of a rather i
long amendment which I desire to offer to this j
bill at a proper opportunity. It is an amend-
ment proposing to authorize the Freedmen's 1
Bureau to loan to the city of Wilmington, !
North Carolina, $100,000 on security of free- :
hold and corporate lieus, to be repaid within j
one year, said amount to be reloaned to desti-
tute rice-planters and growers.
The SPEAKER. If there is no objection, the
proposed amendment of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania will be ordered to be printed.
There was no objection.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move
that when the House shall again resolve itself
into the Committee of the Whole on this bill
all general debate terminate in ten minutes.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move
that the rules be suspended, and that the
House again resolve itself into the Committee
of the W hole on the state of the Union upon the
bill (H. R. No. 60o) making appropriations
for the legislative, executive, and judicial ex-
penses of the Government for the year ending
the 30th of June, 18C9.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
Wilson, of Iowa, in the chair,) and resumed
the consideration of the bill (H. R. No. 605)
making appropriations for the legislative, ex-
ecutive, and judicial expenses of the Govern-
ment for the year ending the 30th of J une, 1869
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. This bill,
sometimes called the "compensation bill,"
is, as gentlemen will see, a long bill of some
forty-eight pages. This has generally been
considered one of the most tedious bills to get
through with ; and I shall ask the kind indul-
gence of the committee in its consideration.
1 hope that gentlemen will be good enough to
give their attention to it, and vote, so that
business may not be delayed for the want of a
quorum voting.
I will submit for the information of the com-
mittee a table exhibiting the various branches
of the public service for which the appropri-
ations embraced in this bill are designed,
together with the amount we propose to appro-
priate for each, as well as the amounts appro-
priated by the bill of last year for the present
fiscal year, and the amounts estimated for the
next fiscal year, to which the appropriations
in this bill apply:
1-3
©
2.S--0 £§ ©•* 3 3   ° g S--
i g: 5§S': i
: = i g : 3: :
: SurSa3! P : : r'- • :
• : . : . . eo : :
: 23* ' ***'- ::::::: |
: 2-- 2^"- •• o 2 :
I : rag-: I : : : : : : I
: ; ; s-8; = ; £-.°: ; ■ ; 1 ; •; !
: : • $3 i j j j co ; j
&>
1 m m • &
C£ tO-^f05V-*WtOtO CJQtv _  
. j*1 C3p to O to
S"cOOH^CO O ts5 o 30^105'Vctl.jl.3t
QOO>WOC5l'OO^Op-CiOO'iwh3
ooi^oomooooooocovivi
^ 522^2222220 000000 05
O | OOOCCOOOOOOOOOOOOiOO
>
s-Mwa g
S S I g.'§
-a IPS
K
1 ic o C31—* to oIo ZD
^ ^ ^ •-* otu. o o wMbco'ob!b.
;
!>
co o hi 3 m
sg-gl
SS8S8SS8to8o8S
OiOO
do
caro
c ™ "* X
I g 5*5 §
MOCCM  -  to to
ictsmwi-icnoo^toowoocnw^^io
• optooo.--1 ^y-*oooowto
1 ^ V go to cn to o "►-  l-i o 00 0<0
82oocoo oioQ«.pioo5u.',v
omuoooooooffiotooomi^
S8S§888888888SK8S3S
It thus appears that the amount appropri-
ated by the bill of last year for t he present fiscal
year ending June 30, 1808, was $20,682,835.
The estimates for these same purposes sent
in this year by the Democratic Departments
of this Government amount to $23,870,032.
That is the amount of expenditure proposed
in the estimates of the present Democratic
Administration.
Mr. PRUYN. I should like to know what
ground he has for that?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Those
are the estimates of the Democratic Depart-
ments upon which they requested we should
make appropriations in this bill.
Mr. PRUYN. I should like to know
whether we are to have an opportunity to pro-
pose amendments to this bill as well as to vote
on those the gentleman offers ?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I am un-
fortunate enough not to be able to hear the
gentleman from New York.
Mr. PRUYN. Will we have an opportunity
to offer amendments?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. That is
provided for by the rules.
Now, sir, the Committee on Appropriations
have reported in this bill, for the purpose of
carrying out the objects I have specified,
$17,217,484, a reduction on the appropriations
for the fiscal year of nearly thirty-five hun-
dred thousand dollars, and on the estimates
of $6,000,000. We have not increased the
appropriations over those of the fiscalyear end-
ing 30th June, 1868, in any instance, but have
reduced them in every instance ; and I will say
to the committee that there are many things
upon which there may be a reduction, and if it
can be properly made, I hope it will be done.
I hope every reduction will be made that can
be properly, in order to carry out the system
of economy in public expenditures that the
country demands. I trust that this House will
resist, too, every proposition for au increase of
appropriation.
Now, Mr. Chairman, a word in regard to
the business before this House, so far as these
appropriation bills are concerned, which, in
point of fact, are the great business of the ses-
sion. We have to consider the bill before the
committee—the legislative appropriation bill.
Then we have the Army appropriation bill, the
Navy appropriation bill, the pension appropri-
ation bill, the Post Office appropriation bill,
the sundry civil appropriation bill, the Indian
appropriation bill, the consular and diplomatic
appropriation bill, and the deficiency appro-
priation bill. The miscellaneous appropriation
bill is also called the sundry civil appropriation
bill. The Committee on Appropriations will
have all these bills ready to be reported as
soon as the House can possibly reach thetn ;
and I think if we are diligent we can, before
the 1st day of April next, send every one of
these bills to the Senate, and by sending them,
there at that early period I see no reason why
we may not get through all of our business and
adjourn at the furthest by the middle of May.
Yes, as some gentlemen say, in time for the
Chicago convention. [Laughter.]
The Clerk then proceeded to read the bill by
paragraphs for amendment, as follows:
Senate:
For compensation and mileage of Senators, $430,000
Mr. PAINE. I move to strike out " 30" and
insert " 14," so it will then read '' $414,000
and, Mr. Chairman, I will state to the commit-
tee the reasons for this amendment. The Com-
mittee on Appropriations have undertaken in
this portion of the bill which relates to appro-
priations lor the Senate to save to the Govern-
ment the sum of $16,000. That is all well
enough, and I am pleased with that evidence
of economy on the part of the committee, but
I am not satisfied with the mode they have
undertaken to accomplish this. At the same
time the compensation of Senators and Rep-
resentatives was raised the law gave to the offi-
cers named on pages 2 and 3 of this bill $10,000
more compensation than is allowed in this bill.
The committee have reduced that by $16,000.
I propose to carry out the principle of economy
in a different way. I propose to subtract it
from the compensation and mileage of Sena-
tors, who are well able to bear the subtraction,
and leave to the employes of the Senate the
twenty per cent, they are allowed by law now
in force.
The gentleman from Illinois has told the
committee again and again, in answer to objec-
tions raised when the last bill was before the
committee, that we were bound to carry out
positive provisions of law. Yet this Commit-
tee on Appropriations have come in here with
this bill, and in the first provision they have
subtracted the twenty per cent, for the pay
of clerks under the law. I propose it shall
be subtracted from the pay and mileage of
Senators.
By the same bill they propose to give to fifty-
four Senators more than five times as much as
they give to sixty employes of the Senate.
The fifty-four Senators have $430,000 by thi-s
bill, and the sixty employ6s of the Senate have
only $84,744. I think this economical pro-
vision is made in the wrong place. I think
these Senators who have five times the com-
pensation of their employ6s are better able to
bear the subtraction, and I therefore propose
to make the subtraction from their appropria-
tion and not from the employes' pay.
Mr. SPALDING, I ask my friend to make
