1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1023
the same deduction when ho comes to the
members ot the House.
Mr. 1'AIN'E. I propose, when the time
cotnos. to make the same motion respecting
tbe compensation and mileage of members ot'
this House. And further, 1 propose to restore
the twenty per cent, to the clerks mid employes
of both the Senate and the House which 1ms
l-een subtracted by this bill reported from the
Committee on Appropriations. 1 know of no
reason why these subordinates, who are en-
titled to that compensation under our law,
should submit to u subtraction from their inad-
equate pay while men who receive live times
the amount of pay get It all.
More than that. 1 think it will come with a
bad grace from us to enact a law like this. 1
should be ashamed to say to my constituents
that I have voted to subtract twenty per cent,
from the pay of the subordinates employed
about this House and in the other end of the
Capitol, but have insisted upon taking the
entire amount of pay allowed by precisely the
same law which gave them the twenty per
cent.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Mr. Chair-
man, my friend from Wisconsin has made a
speech, it seems to me, on a very different sub-
ject from that of liis amendment. I think the
House will not be at a loss to understand pre-
cisely bow this matter stands. The estimate
in the book which I have before me for the
mileage and compensation of Senators is
$700,<>00, as against $414,000 last year. The
committee could not make out how this in-
crease should be so great. They could see,
however, how the $414,000 could be used up,
and then they took into consideration that
since this estimate was made, or since the
passage of the appropriation last year, two
additional Senators have come to Congress
whose compensation and mileage will amount i
very nearly to a sum sufficient to make out I
$430,000. That is the way this increase is
accounted for. We have had two Senators
added who are eutitled to this compensation
and mileage.
I am surprised that the gentleman from Wis-
consin should talk about our giving this amount
to those Senators and subtracting trom the pay
of the employes of the House. \\ hy, does
not the gentleman know that the pay and mile-
age of Senators are fixed by law, and they can
have no more and no less than the law allows?
We may appropriate $700,000 or .$430,000 or
S700,000,000, but they can get no more than
the amount fixed by l.t'v.
Mr. PAINE. Will the gentleman allow me
to ask a question?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Yes, sir.
Mr. PAINE. Why can you not as well
deduct from the amount allowed to Senators by
law as to employes by law?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I will
come to that when we reach that part of the
bill in relation to employes. There I will meet
the gentleman and others on this question, that
while we are refusing the twenty per cent, to
all the other employes of this Government we
are paying our own employes twenty per cent,
additional, and paying ourselves, if you please,
in full. I will argue that question when we
come to it. I am quite willing to meet it both
here and at home.
Mr. PIKE. A single question. There seems
to be a difficulty between the gentleman from
Wisconsin [Mr. Paine] and the gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Washbcr.ve] in regard to
the discrepancy between the pay of members
and of employ6s. Now, suppose the pay of
members is reduced, say down to $4,000 sal-
ary and ten cents a mile for travelipg, how will
that suit the gentleman from Illinois?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. It will
snit me first rate. [Laughter.] How will it
suit the gentleman from Maine?
Mr. PIKE. First rate. [Laughter.]
Mr. BLAINE. I move that they both be
allowed to draw that amount. [Laughter.]
Mr. WASHBUKNE, of Illinois. I have
stated why the committee put this amount, i
$430,000, in the bill. It has nothing to do with
the extra compensation of employes. If gen-
tlemen see tit to strike it out I am agreed. It
will make so much the less in the aggregate.
Mr. LOGAN. I propose au amendment to
the amendment by adding one dollar. I am
opposed to the amendment of the gentleman
from Wisconsin. 1 am opposed tq striking off
any of the pay of members of Congress, and
I am not afraid to say so before this country.
1 am opposed to auy reduction, because I think
my services are worth just what the law allows
me. If others think theirs are not they can
take less. They have the right to do it.
1 am opposed, also, to striking out anything
that the law allows to the employes of the
House and Senate, and 1 will meet the gentle-
man on his own statement. I moved an amend-
ment yesterday providing that no part of the
appropriation in reference to West Point should
be applied to the increase of the compensation
of the officers of that institution. The gentle-
man opposed it, and in this language. lie said,
'• Why has not my colleague brought in a bill
to amend the law? The law is so and so, and
the appropriation must be made in accordance
with law/' Now, sir, I say that the law is that
twenty per cent, shall be added to the amount
allowed to these clerks and employes, and it so
stands upon the statute-book. Why does not
my colleague bring in a bill to repeal the law?
Here is the law :
"Anil be it further enacted. That there bo allowed
and paid to tlio otlieers, clerks, messengers" 
Mr. WAS1IBURNE, of Illinois. I do not
wish to make a point of order on my colleague,
and will not do so, but hereafter I will make
the point of order that every member shall be
confined to his amendment. Now, my col-
league is not talking to his amendment ; he is
talking to the question of extra pay.
The CHA111MAN. Does the gentleman
make the point of order?
Mr. WASHBUKNE, of Illinois. I do not
on my colleague, but I will hereafter.
The CHAIRMAN. Then the gentleman is
out of order.
Mr. LOGAN. I was reading the law when
the gentleman interrupted me for his inform-
ation and the information of others who per-
haps have not read it. It provides "that there
shall be allowed and paid to the officers, clerks,
messengers, and all other employes of the Sen-
ate and House of Representatives, Globe re-
porters," &c., "an addition oftwenty per cent,
on their present pay, to commence with the
present Congress, and the amount necessary
to pay this allowance is hereby appropriated,''
kc. That is the law, and the amount neces-
sary for that purpose is included in the esti-
mates of the Secretary of the Treasury of the
appropriations needed for the pay ot Senators,
members of Congress, clerks, employes, &c.
The Committee on Appropriations, in report-
ing this bill, have reduced the estimates the
twenty per cent, on the pay of all the clerks
and employes of this House-tmd oi the Senate,
under this law, that was passed in 1806.
That law gives them the twenty per cent.,
and the estimates have been made in compli-
ance with its provisions. The committee, how-
ever, propose in this bill to reduce the estimate
and leave off the twenty per cent. Now, if
the rule which my colleague applied to one is
good in the one instance it is good in the other.
And if you undertake to reduce salaries I say
that these clerks and employ6s of the Senate—
for this clause to which the amendment is
offered relates to the Senate alone—are as much
entitled to the increase of pay as members of
Congress were entitled to an increase of their
pay from three thousand to five thousand dol-
lars a year. They voted themselves that in-
crease because they thought themselves worthy
of that compensation. I think so now. And
so far as retrenchment and reform is concerned,
it may be a very good idea to humbug the peo-
ple of this country with retrenchment and
reform by reducing the pay of the clerks and
employes of the Senate and House twenty per
cent., and you may reduce'your own pay and
go before the country and say, "Oh, we have
reduced our salaries." But what do the people
care about it? They will only say, "You were
fools for doing it; if you were not worth that
much you ought not to have gone to Congress."
[Laughter.] They will tell you that an inde-
pendent, bold, fearless man, who is willing to
meet the people and believes that he is worth
this amount, is not going to vote to reduce his
pay. If you want reduction reduce the taxes
on the people and not the salaries of these
officers.
[Ilere the hammer fell.]
Mr. WASHBUKNE, of Illinois. I h'ave but
one word to say in reply to my colleague, and
I shall not get into any passion about it either.
Mr. LOGAN. Well, I am in no passion, as
far as that is concerned.
Mr. WASHBUKNE, of Illinois. It is a
matter for the committee and the House to de-
termine what they will do in relation to this
twenty per cent., and when we get to that part
of the bill I am willing to meet the question.
I do not think it is necessary for gentlemen,
in their eagerness, to advance so far and fast
upon this matter in its infancy. If the gentle-
man had looked a little further into the bill h®
would have found that I was not quite so in-
consistent as he supposed. What I said this
morning was that where there was   law we
are bound to make an appropriation to carry
it out, unless we repeal that lav;. Now, in
this very bill, in which we neglect to make this
appropriation, we provide that the law shall be
repealed. That is my answer to the gentle-
man.
Mr. LOGAN. I tried to get the other law
repealed in the same way.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is closed upon
this amendment.
Mr. LOGAN. I withdraw my amendment
to the amendment.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I renew the amendment
to the amendment. I know from the evidence
| I have seen that both sides of the House are
1 attempting each to outbid the other,
i Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. May I in-
j quire of the Chair what is the amendment to
i the amendment?
I The CHAIRMAN. The Clerk will read the
: amendment.
1 The Clerk read the amendment to the amend-
1 ment, as follows :
1 Strike out "$14,000" and insert "$14,001," so that
i it will read:
! For compensation and mileage of Senators,
! $411,001.
| Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I insist
that my colleague [Mr. IngersoliJ shall con-
i fine his remarks to his amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Ingersoll] will speak in order.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Very well. If I under-
stand it, this question of economy in the ad-
ministration of public affairs opens up rather
a wide field for debate. And I do not believe
the ingenuity of my colleague [Mr. Wasii-
burnk, of Illinois] can confine me and other
i members here to some feeble form of expres-
sion in our discussion of that matter. I under-
stand that the country demands an economical
administration of public affairs. But I deny
that the country demands that we shall show
' our patriotism and our appreciation of the
i condition of the country by making an exam-
I pie of the clerks and employes of Congress
and of the Departments,
j Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I rise to
a point of order.
The CHAIRMAN. Thegentleman will state
his point of order.
i Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. My col-
league [Mr. Ingeksoi.l] is not speaking to hia
amendment.
i Mr. INGERSOLL. I think I am.
! The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman will
confine himself to his amendment.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I understand the ques-
tion to be upon the reduction of the compen-
sation and mileage of Senators. Upon that I
