1024
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 6,
atu speaking of the* question of economy iu the
administration of the Government. As 1 have
but three or four minutes 1 hope my colleague
will not interrupt me again.
Mr. WASiltf L'liNK, of Illinois. Then
speak in order.
Mr. 1NGERSOLL. For one, I am against
cutting down the appropriation for the pay of
these employes, who have a hard time anyway
to live in W ashington.
Mr. WASHBl'RN'E, of Illinois. I rise
again to a point of order. My colleague is
speaking of the matter of twenty per cent,
additional compensation to clerks.
i'ne CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. IngkksollJ will conline his re-
marks to the pending amendment.
Mr. IXGEKSOLL. I am opposed to a prod-
igal expenditure of the public money; but 1
am in Uvor of beginuing about economical
reforms in some other manner than this, i am
iu favor of the line of policy indicated by my
colleague. [Mr. Uasubikxe, of Illinois,J ot
decreasing the appropriation for the compen-
sation of Senators and members, i hat, 1 take
it. is in order. [Laughter.] And when we
have set the example of reducing our own pay
it will be full time to talk about reducing the
j>ay of twelve hundred dollar clerks, and not
betore. Is that in order? [Renewed laughter.]
1 am in favor of this amendment, and i am
speaking to it iu good faith. If there is any
necessity tor economy in this matter I am in
favor ot ourgomg back to jio.lRKJ a year salary,
if we do that mere is not an empicy6 of the
House who will ask an appropriation of twenty
per cent, additional. If that line of policy is
to be pursued 1 am in faror of the amendment.
Mr. VvASHBURNE, of Illinois. I have
only one word to say in reply to my colleague,
[Mr. I.ngersoll.] He seems to be in lavor
of ail appropriations 
Mr. ROSS. Mr. Chairman, to what amend-
ment is my colleague [Mr. Washburnk, of
Illinois] speaking?
1 he CHAIRMAN. The amendment offered
by his colleague, [Mr. Ixgersoll.]
Mr. ROSS. I insist that he shall confine
himselt to the question.
Mr. W'ASHBL'RNE, of Illinois. I will not
go outside of the line 1 have laid down for other
gentlemen. I will confine myself strictly to the
amendment. 1 oppose it, and ask for a vote.
l h>- C1I -vIRM.VX. Debate is exhausted on
the amendment to the amendment.
l'he amendment to the amendment was not
agreed to.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move as an amendment
to the amendment to reduce the amount two
dollars. I make this motion, not for the pur-
pose of debating the question of twenty per
cent., but to call the attention of the gentleman
who has charge of Jhis bill and of the commit-
tee to the fact that for the present year we have
appropriated for the compensation and mileage
of Senators only 8414,000, and for our own
compensation and mileage §1,100,000. This
bill proposes to appropriate for next year for
onr compensation and mileage the same amount
that has been appropriated tor the presentyear.
I see no reason < and the explanation which has
been given fails to satisfy me, why more will
be needed next year for the compensation and
mileage of Senators than is needed for the pres-
ent year. Those two Senators of whom the
gentleman has spoken are to be paid this year ;
and so far as we know there will be no greater
number of Senators next year. If there should
be an increase we can provide for it in another
way. I trust that the appropriation for the com-
ing year will be permitted to stand the same as
the appropriation for the present year, $814,000.
1 now withdraw my amendment to the amend-
ment.
Mr. IIUBBARD, of West Virginia. I move
to amend by striking out in the tenth and
eleventh lines the words ''four hundred and
thirty,'' and inserting iu lieu thereof "three
hundred and forty-four;" so that the paragraph
will read:
Forornnpennation and mileage of Senators, $344,000.
, j I make this motion for the purpose of inquir-
ing of the gentleman from Illinois, who has
charge of this bill, whether there lias not been
before the Committee on Appropriations a
joint resolution fixing the compensation of
members of Congress, which would have re-
duced that compensation to about the amount
proposed in my amendment?
Mr. WAS11BURNE, of Illinois. The gen-
tleman from West Virginia is not confining
himself to his amendment. I cannot answer
his question under the rule, which I am en-
deavoring to enforce in the discussion of this
bill.
Mr. HUBBARD, of West Virginia. I pro-
pose to reduce this appropriation by the de-
duction of $80,000, or twenty per cent, on the
gross amount. l'he effect of the joint resolu-
tion to which 1 have referred would be to
reduco the compensation of members of Con-
gress twenty per cent., that is, from $.">,000 to
$4,000, while the mileage would be reduced
about fifty per cent. If the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Washbtrse] favors that proposi-
tion, as I understood him to say he did, in
reply to the- gentleman from Maine, [Mr.
Pikk.] I would like to know from him why he
has nrt reported that measure?
Mr WA^HBURXE, of Illinois. I rise to
a question of order. I submit that the gen-
tleman is not 'peaking to his amendment.
The CHAIRMAN1. The gentleman from
West Virginia, as the Cliair understands, is
add ressing himself to the question of the com-
pensation of Senators, which is involved in the
pending paragraph.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. No, sir:
the gentleman is addressing himself to me as
to wliat was done in the Committee on Appro-
priations, whicli he has no right to know.
Mr. HUBBARD, of West A'irginia. My
question was why we might not have been per-
mitted to at least test the sense of the House
upon this reduction. After ascertaining the
sense of the House on this question, the Com-
' mittee on Appropriations could have reported
these items for compensation of members of
Congress understaudingly. If we are to make
a reduction of expenditures, I say that this
reduction, like charity, ought to " begin at
home that we ought to set an example to the
country by reducing our own compensation.
From such action on our part, the country would
draw hope and encouragement. I hope we
shall not suffer this question-to pass by without
at least obtaining an expression of the voice
of this Congress in regard to the subject.
Mr. WINDOW. Is an amendment in order?
The CHAIRMAN. It is not. An amend-
ment to the amendment is pending.
. The question was then taken on the amend-
u ment of Mr. Hubbard, of West Virginia, to
' the amendment, and it was disagreed to.
Mr. WINDOM. I move in the tenth and
eleventh lines to strike out " four" and insert
"three," so it will read "$330,000'' instead
of " $430,000and I do this for the purpose
of obtaining information from the Committee
on Appropriations. I believe the law which
provides for the pay and mileage of Senators
provides also for the pay and mileage of mem-
bers of the House, and that in both instances
they are precisely the same. Now, we appro-
priate under this bill an average of $5,555—
$5,000 for pay and S555 for mileage—for the
members of the House, and we appropriate
$7,902—$5,000forpayand $2,902 for mileage—
for Senators. I know there have been instances
of Senators who live further from the capital
than members, but I do not think they average
quite as much further as that. The difference
between the two appropriations could betaken
from that for the Senate, and then the average
would be made the same in regard to both
Houses. I think there is a mistake somewhere,
but I do not know where.
Mr. BLAINE. I will answer the gentleman
from Minnesota. He calls the attention of the
committee to a discrepancy. The compensa-
tion for^Jenators is calculated upon the basis
that in the next fiscal year all the States will be
represented. That, for seventy-four Senators
at $">,000 a piece, would make $370,000, and
the average mileage would bring it to $430,000.
I am quite free to admit that the same calcula-
tion has not been made in reference to the pay
and mileage of members of the House, and the
amount put iu here for the members of the
House will only cover the expenses of the House
as it now exists, and not as it will be when all
the States are represented.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Why is it necessary to
appropriate for Senators not here any more
than for members not here?
Mr. BLAINE. The gentleman who has the
management of the bill will explain that when
we come to that appropriation. I am now up
to explain this discrepancy. If the House wish
to provide for a full Senate, then they will vote
down the amendment. When we cotne to the
appropriation for the employes, it will then be
time enough to enter into that matter.
Mr. HIGBY. Let me ask a question. Will
there not be members here from the other
States as well as in the Senate?
Mr. BLAINE. If the gentleman had listened
he would have heard my explanation.
Mr. HIGBY. There was too much noise
to hear.
Mr. BLAINE. I cannot be answerable for
all the noisy gentlemen on that side. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. MAYNARD. I see that the estimates
as submitted to the House on page 14 ask for
$700,000. I supposed that was intended to
provide for the anticipated possibility of a full
Senate. In this bill the appropriation, how-
ever, is only for $430,000.
Mr. BLAINE. If the gentleman from Ten-
nessee will take seventy-four Senators at $5,000
he will find it makes $370,000, and the pay for
mileage will make it run up to $430,000. Sixty
thousand is allowed for mileage.
Mr. MAYNARD. Why is it more than
for the current year, which is $414,000?
Mr. BLAINE. Because we make it in the
anticipation that during the next fiscal year the
Senate will be full, all the States being repre-
sented.
Mr. MAYNARD. Then why do we have
$700,000 in the estimates ?
Mr. BLAINE. Seven hundred thousand is
not required; only $430,000 is required. That
$700,000 is a gross blunder on the part of the
Department.
Mr. WINDOM. I understand the gentle-
man from Illinois to say the increase from
$414,000 to $430,000, is because there are
two new Senators. Now, the gentleman from
Maine says it is because there is to be a full
Senate.
Mr. BLAINE. The gentleman from Illi-
nois will settle that with the gentleman if it is
agreeable to him.
Mr. WINDOM. I should like to have it
settled now.
The amendment to the amendment was
disagreed to,
Wr. PIKE. I rise to move a substantial
amendment to the bill. Instead of $430,000,
I move to make it $300,000. I suggest that
by way of reconciling the difference between
the gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr. Paine]
and the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Wash-
bhrne] in relation to raising the compensa-
tion of members and not raising the compen-
sation of our employes, or rather to the dimi-
nution of the compensation of our employes
and the non-diminution of the pay of members,
I propose to equalize by the reduction of the
pay of members.
I know that gentlemen say our services are
worth more than this sum. The employes
here may say the same thing, that their ser-
vices are worth more. Gentlemen will recol-
lect that we discussed the question of paying
the clerks in the Departments twenty per cent,
additional on the same ground, and it is quite
true that that class of services is ill paid under
this Government. Indeed, there is hardly any
class of services that is well paid.
