
be required at posts. You will relieve your body guard and all others you can spare, and let them report to Colonel McCrillis for active duty in the front.

S. A. HURLBUT,

Major-General.

CORINTH, MISS., October 5, 1863.

Major-General HURLBUT:

Scouts just in report General Ferguson at Pontotoc and New Albany with about 3,000 cavalry and four pieces artillery. West of Pontotoc and south of the Tallahatchie there is reported to be a force of 3,000 more cavalry with some artillery. Scouts did not see this force on 3rd of October. Ham's battalion was at Guntown with 200 cavalry, and Davenport at Fulton with 250. The rebels say they will attack the railroad with about 7,000. Don't say where or when. Roddey has a provost-marshal and three companies of cavalry at Tuscumbia. His headquarters are below Decatur near the river; has about 1,000 men. Remainder of his command gone to Rome, Ga.

E. A. CARR,

Brigadier-General.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., October 5, 1863. [Received 4.30 p.m.]

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

The locomotive have arrived at Cairo. I presume the order proceeds from the Secretary of War. It would now take several days to send them back and land them at Memphis. Colonel Innes, military superintendent of roads at Nashville, earnestly requests that they be sent to Louisville, where they are much needed. No telegraph-line now to Memphis, and cannot hear from there for six or seven days. Had not the engines better be sent forward at once?

ROBERT ALLEN,

Chief Quartermaster.

WASHINGTON, October 5, 1863-10.30 a.m.

Major-General ROSECRANS,

Chattanooga, Tenn.:

Instructions have been repeated again and again to General Burnside to leave sufficient force in the upper end of the valley to hold Sam. Jones in check, and to move with the remainder down the north side of the Tennessee River, guarding the crossings and connecting with you.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

CHATTANOOGA, October 5, 1863. [Received 9.20 p.m.,8th.]

Hon. E. M. STANTON:

In the Chattanooga Daily Rebel, of Sunday, October 4, published at Atlanta, is a schedule of prices by the board of commissioners to

