
of first and last shipment. Send same information to Colonel Hodges, chief quartermaster, Army of Cumberland, at Nashville, all in cipher.

M. C. MEIGS.

Quartermaster-General.

PRYOR'S HOUSE, October 5, 1863.

Brigadier-General GARFIELD,

Chief of Staff, Chattanooga:

GENERAL: The telegraph-line is down north of Fosterville. This side of Murfreesborough, not been working since 4 a.m.; probably been destroyed by the rebels. Men will be sent immediately to repair it. We will be in the mountain to-night.

By order of Captain J. C. Van Duzer:

J. C. GREGG,

Operator.
HEADQUARTERS TENTH OHIO VOLUNTEER INFANTRY,October 5, 1863.

Colonel C. GODDARD,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: I beg leave respectfully to report that in the attack made by rebel cavalry on the train coming to this place from Stevenson on Friday last, the 2nd instant, I lost a regimental wagon containing medical stored and its team of 4 horses. Two of the men of my command who were with the wagon are still missing, and must, I suppose, have fallen into the hands of the enemy.

Very respectfully,

WM. M. WARD,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

OCTOBER 5, 1863-5 p.m.

Colonel BARNETT,

Chief of Artillery, &amp;c.:

SIR: In the cannonade this afternoon the rebels opened upon me from the newly discovered battery directly in my front, firing some five shots, which fell rather short. I began to return the fire very slowly, in order to get their range, when they opened on me all along the side of the mountain. According to your instructions, I "pitched in" to them, and fired about half an hour, when I was stopped by an order from General Whitaker. I fired some 75 shots. The other section of this battery and Aleshire's battery were engaged.

They (the rebels) fired from several different points on Lookout Mountain, and three guns from mound left of Lookout Mountain. I think they have two batteries casemated and bomb-proof, from the fact that the smoke of the pieces is scarcely seen. These two batteries are on the left of the slope.

Respectfully,

WM. H. COX.

First Lieutenant Tenth Indiana Battery, Comdg. Battery Numbers 5.

