HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH ARMY CORPS,INSPECTOR-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Chattanooga, Tenn., October 5, 1863.-9 a.m.

Major-General McCOOK,

Commanding Twentieth Corps:

GENERAL: Colonel Berry, commanding Third Brigade, division officer of the day for Second Division front, reports by Captain Jones, brigade inspector on his staff, as follows: Lieutenant-Colonel Langdon, as brigade officer of the day, sent Major Stafford, First Ohio, to report as an eye-witness to Colonel Berry. Major Stafford discovered the enemy at work throwing up earth-works opposite the left of Johnson's division front at about 80 yards from the creek and 100 yards from our advanced works. It is in the woods, and had, at 8.30 a.m., a front of about 50 yards. It is parallel to the retired front of Johnson's left flank breast-works and oblique to the remainder of his advanced works, somewhat as is shown in subjoined topographical sketch.*

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HORACE N. FISHER.

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Inspector-General.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH ARMY CORPS,INSPECTOR-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Chattanooga, Tenn., October 5, 1863.

Colonel Sherman, commanding First Brigade, division officer of the day for Third Division front, reports through Lieutenant Boal, acting brigade inspector: All quiet on front. At 3.30 to 4.30 a.m. heard two mule teams ascending the mountain past the battery. Judging from the rattling of kettles and tin pots, thinks that they were ration wagons. Three different drums heard within half a mile beating reveille at 5.30 a.m., one on right of Chattanooga Valley road, near rebel picket-line.

General Carlin, commanding Second Brigade, division officer of the day, First Division front, reports through Lieutenant Vance, brigade inspector: Two brass bands and about three field bands playing at dark yesterday evening; otherwise all quiet.

Colonel Berry, commanding Third Brigade, division officer of the day for Second Division front, reports through a staff officer that all has been quiet for the last twenty-four hours on his front. No movements of troops seen or heard.

Respectfully submitted to Major-General McCook for his information.

HORACE N. FISHER,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Inspector-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION,Chattanooga, Tenn., October 5, 1863.

Brigadier-General WOOD,

Comdg. First Division, Twenty-first Army Corps:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report the following transactions in your front to-day:

A column of infantry, about a brigade, appeared on Missionary

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

