
NASHVILLE, TENN., October 5, 1863-10 p.m.

(Received 11.45 p.m.)

Major-General HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

Following dispatch just received from Murfreesborough:

General Crook with 4,000 cavalry just arrived here, and General Mitchell is just one day behind him with a large force. Scouts report enemy retiring in the direction of Shelbyville.

W. T. WARD.

R. S. GRANGER,

Brigadier-General.

NASHVILLE, TENN., October 5, 1863.

(Received 10.25 p.m.)

Major-General HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

Since the attack and capture of McMinnville, Wheeler, with a large force of cavalry, variously estimated from 4,000 to 10,000, has appeared before Murfreesborough with the main body of his force. Another column struck the road at Christiana, cut the wire, and supposed to have done some damage to the road. By permission of General Slocum, I have sent 7,000 of the Twelfth Corps to re-enforce Murfreesborough. I have strengthened the stockades at the important bridges between this and Murfreesborough with one battery of artillery and all the force that could with safety be spared from this post. Would request that General Boyele be instructed to hurry forward the troops intended for this department with all possible dispatch. I think that we can keep the road from any serious damage until to-morrow. The force of the enemy is composed entirely of cavalry, which enables him to attack with his full force any point of the road, while, from the want of cavalry, I am unable to assist the garrison at that point. I have but 600 poor cavalry. General Rosecran's cavalry is reported as being in pursuit. A telegram was received here stating that Colonel Ed. McCook attacked General Wheeler yesterday, defeating him, recapturing mules and plunder. If it be true that he made an attack, it must have been upon the rear guard of Wheeler, as he has since attacked as before stated.

R. S. GRANGER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. SECOND BATTN., SECOND MICHIGAN CAVALRY,Rankin's Ferry, October 5, 1863.

Major W. H. SINCLAIR,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

MAJOR: I have the honor to report all still quiet at Rankin's Ferry and Eyler's Ford. Conversation with rebel pickets daily. I reported my strength and position yesterday; report it to-day 5 officers and 100 enlisted men. Major Scranton left the morning of the 3rd, with two battalions.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. P. WELLS,

Captain Second Michigan Cavalry, Comdg. Second Battn.

