
of the river the bridge-heads already traced and partially completed will suffice for protection of the pontoon bridges. For the protection of the railroad bridges it appeared to me that a small redoubt would be necessary on a hill immediately on this bank of the river, about one-fourth of a mile above the bridge, now covered with forest. On the south side some slashing ought to be done. This opinion is based upon a limited observation, as I could not cross my horses, and had no opportunity to examine the surrounding country. I will look at them again as soon as the bridges are completed. I found a portion of the trestle bridge almost submerged-a rise of 3 or 4 inches more would probably carry it away. On learning there were pontoons sufficient to complete two bridges, I directed their use for that purpose, in place of trestles which seemed too insecure for reliance at this season. Bridges will be completed over both streams to-morrow.

Fighting is reported at Christiana to-night-no particulars. Have ordered up troops on the cars to engage them in rear. There are troops enough on the road to prevent its being damaged, unless through gross neglect. I have no apprehensions, and regret that the business of the road should be suspended even for a short time.

JOSEPH HOOKER,

Major-General, Commanding.

STEVENSON, October 5, 1863-5.10 a.m.

Colonel W. P. INNES,

Military Superintendent, Nashville:

I want the artillery of the Eleventh Corps here as soon as possible, but do not send it until the danger from the threatened raid is over.

JOSEPH HOOKER,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ELEVENTH AND TWELFTH CORPS,Stevenson, Ala., October 5, 1863.

Major-General, SLOCUM,

Commanding Twelfth Corps:

In addition to the usual precautions and vigilance observed upon such duty, the major-general commanding directs that the forces guarding the line of communications observe the following:

Wherever a road or approaches to the bridge, tunnel, trestle-work, or other portion of the road guarded, exist, pickets are to be thrown out for observation and warning, and if the nature of the road or approach permits, the picket or other guard to be intrenched or other-wise protected-the best safeguard being at a distance from the railroad, rather than immediately upon it. Where the nature of the country permits it or renders it practicable, a complete chain of grand guards and outposts encircling the camp or

position should be established.

Commanding officers of division, brigades, regiments, and detachments to be held responsible, personally, for all subordinates, and the proper, vigilant, and correct performance of their duties.

