
Daily inspections of the guards and all the troops morning and evening.

One-third of the forces at each detached post, bridge, or work to be constantly under arms until relieved. The guards to be regularly and formally mounted.

All strangers and travelers to be carefully excluded until examined by the commanding officer and in the absence of satisfactory proofs of their business and purpose, to be detained and reported to headquarters of the division or corps for the action of the commanding officer.

Upon any attack or appearance of any force, the facts to be at once reported to brigade, division, corps, and general headquarters with full particulars. Each officer or soldier to be held responsible for his statements, and brought to trial by court-martial for any false, exaggerated, or stampede reports. The statements of citizens, refugees, or deserters, with regard to the enemy or guerrillas, to be carefully taken down and forwarded without delay through proper channels to headquarters.

Under no circumstances will the abandonment or surrender of any force, work, or bridge be overlooked or excused.

Everything worthy of note that occurs must be promptly reported. The guards and all troops must be kept clean, neat, and orderly, and good police regulations observed. A vigilant and energetic officer will have a good, efficient command.

This order will be read at the head of each company and detachment on duty in the command.

Very respectfully,

DANL. BUTTERFIELD,

Major-General, Chief of Staff.

STEVENSON, October 5, 1863.

SENIOR OFFICER OF TWELFTH CORPS,

Tullahoma, Decherd, or Wartrace:

The commanding general directs that you cause two regiments of infantry to be sent to Christiana before daylight, to attack the enemy there and keep communication open. The railroad agent here has been directed to place a train at your disposal. The general is without information as to who is in command or who is the senior officer. These dispositions should have been made without waiting his order. The troops must be in position to attack at daylight. Acknowledge.

DANL. BUTTERFIELD,

Major-General, Chief of Staff.

STEVENSON, October 5, 1863-6.10 p.m.

COMMANDING OFFICER,

Tullahoma:

General Hooker directs that you put two good regiments on the train and move up to Christiana, take part in that fight. and clean out the raiders. This should have been done without waiting for orders.

DANL. BUTTERFIELD,

Major-General, Chief of Staff.

8 R R-VOL XXX, PT IV

