
LOUISVILLE, KY., October 5, 1863.

(Received 1.20 p.m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

I find everything in the medical department here in good order, and in excellent preparation for any emergency that may arise. Ample medical supplies and attendance have been sent to the front. I leave to-morrow morning for Saint Louis, and will take a steamer thence for New Orleans, stopping at Memphis, Vicksburg, and Port Hudson. I earnestly recommend that the office of assistant surgeon-general be immediately removed to this place, and respectfully request your authority to direct the change to be made.

WM. A. HAMMOND,

Surgeon-General.

WASHINGTON, October 5, 1863-9 a.m.

Major-General BURNSIDE,

Knoxville, Tenn.,:

I can only repeat former instructions, to leave sufficient force in the upper end of the valley to hold Jones in check, and, with the remainder, to march down the north side of the Tennessee River, guarding the fords and connecting with General Rosecrans. I cannot make them plainer.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Chattanooga, October 5, 1863-10 a.m.

Major-General BURNSIDE,

Knoxville:

Your dispatch of the 4th received, asking if the rebel cavalry have really crossed the river between us as reported. Having warned you often of the danger for the last ten days, and reported the catastrophe to you on the 1st, and got your promise to send your cavalry to help mine, I am amazed at your dispatch. I now say that your failure to close your troops down to our left has cost 500 wagons loaded with essentials, the post of McMinnville, and Heaven only knows where the mischief will end. I presume the Louisville and Nashville road and all your trains and communication to Kentucky are aimed at, but possibly my cavalry may stop it by the pursuit in which I hoped part of yours would join, while the remainder watched the river between us. If you don't unite with us soon, you will be responsible for another catastrophe, I fear.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General

KNOXVILLE, October 5, 1863.

General COX:

A nephew of General McLean, who was captured from Wheeler's and Forrest's cavalry, asserts that the purpose of a portion of cavalry force which crossed the Tennessee the other day is to penetrate to the Ohio River, capture a steam-boat, cross the river, and proceed at once

