
Colonel Parsons is anxious to move his command to East Tennessee to recruit. I would willingly accept the Fourth Battalion Ohio Volunteer Infantry, six-months' troops, 400 strong, now with General Willcox, for duty at this post. I would like to keep sixmonths' Ohio troops together, to re-organize for three-years' service. Governor Tod has requested an effort to re-enlist the men.

I report the following trains at Cumberland Gap:

First. Captain Earnest, 75 wagons, partly laden with forage and subsistence, 56 to return to Camp Nelson; destination of laden wagons, Ninth Army Corps.

Second. Captain Lentz, 98 wagons; 78 commissary stores, balance forage, part consumed; destination, Twenty-third Army Corps.

Third. Trainmaster P. Landegan, 26 wagons, 25 laden with boots and shoes, 1 with rations; destination, Knoxville post quartermaster.

Fourth. Captain Heistand has a train, but owing to his absence for forage, I cannot obtain correct information concerning it to-night.

W. C. LEMERT,

Colonel, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,

Numbers 77. Memphis, October 6, 1863.

I. In order to relieve the railroad, now overtaxed, a train will be made up of all wagons, teams, mules,&amp;c., capable of travel, to move early on Thursday morning for some rendezvous on the outskirts of Memphis, say the old camp of the Eighth Missouri on the Poplar street road. The chief quartermaster of the corps will cause all the general and division wagons to form part of this train,and commanders of divisions, brigades, and regiments will send all wagons and horses that can possibly be spared. Wagons will carry no loads, save the necessary forage for the animals and six days' rations and cooking utensils of the teamsters and escort. This grand train will be escorted by one battery of artillery and about 1,500 infantry, to ride in the wagons, and the Third U. S. Regular Cavalry and Thielemann's battalion. The infantry and battery will be detailed by the commanding general of the Second Division, who will appoint some good colonel to command the whole. All the baggage can be sent to Corinth in advance by the railroad. The officer designated to conduct this train will report in person to the commanding general for maps and special instructions.

II. The utmost expedition must now be used to reach Corinth with all the corps and its equipment by Sunday next, the Fourth Division to bring up the rear. All officers are advised to leave their surplus baggage, likely to encumber the march and overload the wagons, in Memphis, and store the same with some merchant or the U. S. quartermaster, to come forward to us in the future by rail or the Tennessee River, according to circumstances. All property, whether private or public, so left, will be properly marked and secured. The chief quartermaster, Colonel Smith, with facilitate all such storage at the expense of the United States.

By order of Major General W. T. Sherman:

R. M. SAWYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

