SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Numbers 188. Memphis, Tenn., October 6, 1863.

* * * * * * * *

III. First Lieutenant J. C. Audenried, Sixth U. S. Cavalry, is hereby announced as aide-de-camp to the general commanding. He will be obeyed and respected accordingly.

IV. Captain H. S. Fitch, quartermaster's department, having reported in person, is hereby attached to the general's staff, and will act as provost-marshall and judge-advocate for the corps. All prisoners of war and all charges and specifications will be sent to him for his examination and orders.

V. Second Lieutenant Frederick J. James, Third U. S. Cavalry, is hereby announced as a member of the general's staff, and will act as ordnance officer. He will at once enter on his duties, and on consultation with the chief of artillery, Major Taylor, will cause to be sent to Corinth a full supply of ammunition for the field batteries and small-arms of the corps.

* * * * * * * *

By order of Major General W. T. Sherman:

R. M. SAWYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Numbers 222. Vicksburg, Miss., October 6, 1863.

Brigadier General John McArthur, commanding First Division, will station a section of artillery, supported by one regiment of infantry, on the Hall's Ferry road.

One section of artillery, supported by one regiment of infantry, on the Warrenton road.

The artillery will be stationed under direction of Lieutenant-Colonel Powell, chief of artillery, and the infantry supports under the direction of the general picket officer of the First Division.

The pickets of the First Division will be so posted as to connect with the pickets of the Third Division on the Hall's Ferry road.

This disposition of troops will be continued until further orders, and the general picket officer of the division will report each day in person and in writing at 10 o'clock a.m. the condition of the pickets and all matters pertaining to the efficiency of the troops composing this grand guard to Major Willard, general picket officer of the corps.

By order of Major-General McPherson:

W. T. CLARK,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Indorsement.]
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Vicksburg, Miss., October 6, 1863.

The commanding officer of the Third Brigade will detail two regiments for the above duty, to report immediately at brigade headquarters to Captain MacLean, aide-de-camp, who will see that the regiments are posted in accordance with the above orders, and report

