HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND, Chattanooga, October 1, 1863.

Major-General THOMAS:

The general commanding desires you to make a thorough examination of your works, and ascertain and report what additions or improvements, if any, are required to make them secure in case of a heavy rain; and you will also report whether there is any danger of the men being driven out of any of the works by water.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,J. A. GARFIELD,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

[Same to Generals Crittenden, McCook, and Granger.]
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Chattanooga Tenn., October 1, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel C. GODDARD,Asst. Adjt. General, Department of the Cumberland:

COLONEL: In compliance with orders from department headquarters, I have the honor to transmit herewith the reports of ColonelB. F. Scribner, commanding First Brigade, and General John H. King, commanding Third Brigade, of my division.

The report of Colonel Scribner refers to the breast-works on the left of the Knoxville railroad, connecting with the lines of the Third Division. I will endeavor to move the brigade to-morrow into a better position.

The Second and Third Brigades occupy the works thrown up on the embankment of the railroad to Atlanta. The Third Brigade was moved into a much more favorable position this morning, the ground lately occupied by it being almost totally submerged.

Very respectfully,

LOVELL H. ROUSSEAU,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.]
HDQRS. FIRST BRIG., FIRST DIV., 14TH ARMY CORPS, Chattanooga, Tenn., October 1, 1863.

Captain THOMAS C. WILLIAMS,Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, First Div., 14th Army Corps:

CAPTAIN: In compliance with orders, I have examined the works occupied by my command, and have the honor to report that there is at this time, 5 o'clock p.m., 1 foot to 18 inches water in the ditch in which the men will stand to fire, and should the rain continue all night as it has this afternoon, the ground occupied by the command will be covered with water. There is no visible outlet for the water. The ground, however, in front of the ditch is worse than that in the rear, and already is so soft that a horse with difficulty gets along. I can discover no practicable means of draining the ground. When the rain ceases I shall have the ditch baled out with buckets, and the water thrown in front.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. F. SCRIBNER,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

