HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,INSPECTOR-GENERAL'S DEPARTMENT,

Chattanooga, October 6, 1863.

Lieutenant-Colonel DUCAT,

Asst. Insp. General, Department of the Cumberland:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that I visited the picket-line early this morning, and found all quiet and in good order.

The picket (rebel) in front of General Brannan withdrew their reserves last night, and at 6 a.m. had not advanced them to their former positions.

The whistling of cars during the night was heard by the pickets of Generals Negley and Reynolds; also the sound of wagons or artillery moving to their left (our right).

The enemy shelled our camp during the night, resulting in no serious damage.

My monthly report will be delayed on account of the divisions, no report having been received from them, though urgently requested to have them in as soon as possible.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. D. BARKER,

Captain, and Actg. Asst. Insp. General, 14th Army Corps.
HEADQUARTERS PIONEER BRIGADE,October 6, 1863.

Brigadier General W. F. SMITH,

Chief Engineer:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that forty boats are in the bridge. The work will be continued until the bridge is completed to-night, unless the number of boats is found to be insufficient. I have caused trestles to be brought up, which may supply the deficiency. I found the landing on the other side good but not corduroyed. The officer in charge reports that he was persuaded not to impress the wagons. I have given him peremptory orders to finish the work to-morrow.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. ST. C. MORTON,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.

SIGNAL STATION,

Fort Dunlap, October 6, 1863.

Captain MERRILL:

A battery of artillery and five wagons have just moved up to the crest of the ridge (Mission Ridge) on the road at the headquarters.

Two guns, two caissons, and two wagons, have just moved down the same road. The battery which moved up the ridge, after reaching the crest, moved toward our left. Could not see the direction taken by the guns coming down.

L. M. DE MOTTE,

Lieutenant and Acting Signal Officer.

