
of our right; look like buildings burning on the Rossville road. But few rebel camp-fires in view to-night, and these mostly in the flanks. From Crane's Hill (Station Numbers 2) we have report of no change in rebel camp-fires as seen from there.

Respectfully submitted.

JESSE MERRILL,

Captain and Chief Signal Officer.

CIRCULAR.] HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,

Chattanooga, Tenn., October 6, 1863.

The following amended code for signal by rockets for picket stations is prescribed, and will be substituted for that issued on the 23rd ultimo:

One red rocket, approach of infantry; one white rocket, approach of cavalry; one red followed quickly by one white, approach of artillery; two red in quick succession, approach of mixed force, including all of the foregoing arms.

By command of Major-General Rosecrans:

C. GODDARD,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Chattanooga, October 6, 1863

Corps Commanders:

Information from the front leads the commanding general to suspect that possibly an attempt may be made by the enemy this evening to effect a lodgment this side the Chattanooga Creek. He therefore desires an especial watch kept, and that the artillery in position may be ready to open the moment the plan and place of the enemy are discovered.

By order of General Rosecrans:

WM. F. SMITH,

Chief Engineer, Department of the Cumberland.

Journal of operations of the Fourteenth Army Corps.

OCTOBER 6, 1863.

Enemy opened on our lines from ten different guns on Lookout Mountain. Their object evidently was to get range. Not more than three of their pieces were successful in throwing inside of our works. They had one gun situated on Missionary Ridge, which was effective in reaching some of our camps toward the left of the line. It threw 6-inch percussion-shells. Although the firing was kept up throughout the afternoon, little or no damage was done.

MOUNTAIN TOP, October 6, 1863.

Major-General THOMAS:

GENERAL: This is a fine point for observation, and also to read signals of the enemy. It would be necessary to cut away about

