
twenty trees, not more, to have a fine view of the enemy's line. Can we have a detail of a company to cut away the timber and assist us in erecting a platform?

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. A. SEITER,

Captain and Acting Signal Officer.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. TWENTIETH ARMY CORPS,

Numbers 32. Chattanooga, Tenn, October 6, 1863.

Officers and Soldiers of the Twentieth Army Corps:

An order will soon reach you consolidating your gallant regiments and brigades and divisions with the Twenty-first Corps. With that order I am relieved from command in this army and directed to report at Indianapolis, Ind., there to appear before a court of inquiry.

After being relieved from command, I could ask no greater favor of the War Department than a thorough investigation of my conduct during the two memorable days of Chickamauga, for I do not fear the issue. My great regret will be the breaking up of the glorious associations formed after so long service in the Army of the Cumberland and the bidding farewell to the gallant officers and soldiers of this corps.

You will have new corps and division commanders; to them, as you have at all times to me, yield obedience. Give them additional evidences of your discipline, zeal, and patriotism in our great cause, and never lay down your arms until this unholy rebellion is crushed, the Union permanently restored, and a peace secured that will allow you to return to your homes and friends.

You have been slandered and maligned by news scribblers, who, unfortunately, in our country, mold the public mind. Official reports will do you justice before the world.

I return my thanks to every officer and soldier of the corps for his gallantry in action, and his hearty co-operation and devotion to duty.

With this I leave you,and my earnest prayer ever shall be that God may prosper you as a corps and as individuals, and ever give you victory when struggling for your nation and glorious flag.

A. McD. McCOOK,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH ARMY CORPS,INSPECTOR-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Chattanooga, Tenn., October 6, 1863

Lieutenant Colonel A. C. DUCAT,

Inspector-General, Department of the Cumberland:

COLONEL: I have the honor to forward this letter of advice, with the inspection reports for the month of September, 1863, in accordance with instructions from department headquarters.

The past month has been an eventful one to this corps and army.

The first of the month found us crossing the Tennessee; the last, within our fortifications at Chattanooga; and the interval strongly

and sternly marked by the most important military operations.

