
[Inclosure No. 2.]
HDQRS. THIRD BRIG., FIRST DIV., 14TH ARMY CORPS, Chattanooga, October 1, 1863.

Captain T. C. WILLIAMS,A. A. A. G., Hdqrs. First Div., Fourteenth Army Corps:

CAPTAIN: As far as this brigade is concerned, no changes in the works are necessary.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNumbers H. KING,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Chattanooga, Tenn., October 1, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel GEORGE E. FLYNT,Asst. Adjt. General and Chief of Staff, 14th Army Corps:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that I personally inspected the works on my line shortly before dark this day, and gave the necessary directions for keeping them clear of water. I found it necessary to open the intrenchments in two places to admit of the water escaping. The two brigades on the left were completely flooded, and compelled to move their camps back. I was obliged to cut a passage through the railroad embankment on my left and front to render that portion of my line tenable in case of an attack. If the rain discontinues I will be able to repair all damage tomorrow.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. BRANNAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Chattanooga, Tenn., October 1, 1863.

Lieutenant-Colonel FLYNT,Chief of Staff, Fourteenth Army Corps:

COLONEL: Mr. Roberts and Mr. Lumpkins have just returned from McLemore's Cove, whither they were sent under my directions. They bring the following information, which they deem reliable:

The rebel army in our front numbers about 100,000 infantry and 30,000 cavalry. Bragg's headquarters are in Therman Gap, Long street's at the cross'roads foot of Lookout Mountain; General Reynolds' headquarters at Rossville, and Cheatham's at Dearing's [or Williams'] old mills. Forrest's, Wheeler's, and Stanley's [?] [rebel's cavalry are moving in the direction of Bridgeport. Wheeler told Mrs. Filby that he intended to cross the Tennessee below Caperton's Ferry and cut our line of communication. About 300 infantry moved to Kelley's Ford yesterday. The rebels are bringing no more supplies here than they need for immediate use. No rebel force at La Fayette or Ringgold. Sunday morning the rebels were talking of sending a large cavalry force to cross at some ferry or ford above; don't know what one, and don't know whether the force was sent or not.

The enemy has thrown up temporary breast-works of rails, &amp;c.

