
[Indorsement.]

Respectfully referred to Colonel F. T. Sherman, to comply with the general's request if possible. It is very important. The request is made from your not, which I forwarded to him.

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General.

Make frequent reports of what is transpiring.

P. H. S
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, TWENTIETH ARMY CORPS,Chattanooga, October 6, 1863- 8 p.m.

Brigadier General J. A. GARFIELD:

Chief of Staff, Department of the Cumberland:

GENERAL: I have the honor to inclose herewith copy of a note just received from Colonel Sherman, commanding my advanced brigade. I am inclined to place full confidence in the report from indications which I myself saw this evening. I saw artillery horses going up the mountain, and saw one piece of artillery taken down about 5 o'clock this afternoon.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure.]
HDQRS. FIRST BRIG., THIRD DIV., 20TH ARMY CORPS,October 6, 1863.

Major General P. H. SHERIDAN,

Commanding Third Division:

GENERAL: I am informed and have no doubt that the enemy are taking their artillery from the mountain. One of the sergeants on the extreme outpost counted six pieces taken down before dark. There is a great deal of noise made in hallowing, chopping, and pounding. They are still at work bringing down the guns, and there can be distinctly heard the peculiar chuck of the wheels on the axle of the gun carriages. I have set a strict watch on their movements, and will report at once anything new that may happen in our front.

Respectfully,

F. T. SHERMAN,

Colonel, Commanding.

The above is confirmed by one of my staff, who was on the line and just came in .

FORT DUNLAP, October 6, 1863-1 p.m.

Brigadier-General WOOD,

Comdg. First Division, Twenty-first Army Corps:

GENERAL: A battery of artillery has just moved up to the headquarters. Two guns and two caissons came down the same road as soon as the battery going up arrived at the crest. The battery going

