
up was accompanied by five wagons, and that coming down by two. I could not see which direction the battery that came down moved, but the one which went up, after reaching the crest, moved toward our left.

Respectfully,

L. M. DE MOTTE,

Lieutenant and Acting Signal Officer.

FORT DUNLAP, October 6, 1863.

Brigadier-General WOOD,

Comdg. First Division, Twenty-first Army Corps:

GENERAL: A column of infantry are moving on the crest of the ridge at unpainted house east of this fort. The column moved from our right, and is now halted at the house, the men standing in line. Just to the right of the house squads of infantry are moving about. At the foot of the ridge, just below the headquarters, a heavy smoke is rising. At all other points, as well as I am able to judge for the fog and smoke, there has been no change in the appearance of the enemy.

Respectfully,

LUTHER M. DE MOTTE,

Lieutenant and Acting Signal Officer.

BRIDGEPORT, October 6, 1863

Captain WISEMAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Colonel Tillson is ordered by General Rosecrans to camp with brigade where train was attacked, to intrench his camp, &amp;c., All the brigade is with him except Sixteenth Illinois and battery; have sent camp equipage and ten days' rations. Two companies of Tenth Michigan below were sent with regiment; two companies of Stokes' cavalry are there; will send copy of General Rosecrans' order by courier.

R. F. SMITH,

Colonel, Commanding.
HDQRS. THIRD BRIG., THIRD DIV., RESERVE CORPS,Sale Creek, Tenn., October 6, 1863-1 p.m.

Brigadier General J. A. GARFIELD,

Chief of Staff, Department of the Cumberland:

GENERAL: All is quiet here to-day. No news from the enemy, who crossed in the direction of McMinnville. No enemy known of in force near to the south side of Tennessee River.

On yesterday morning I sent out as a scouting party Captain Herriott, of Third Indiana Cavalry, with 35 men, with orders to scout the country from the foot of the mountain to the Tennessee River, going as far up as Washington and Cotton Port. Captain Herriott returned at 11 o'clock p.m., and reports that no rebel force was seen

