
vicinity, where he will remain until our communications are restored. With the means at his disposal, and his great energy of character, I apprehend no great delay in opening our communications.

All of the infantry and two batteries of the Eleventh Corps are at Bridgeport. As at present advised, but one pontoon bridge will be thrown across the river at that point. All the wagons at the post are employed accumulating forage, and on the arrival of the two hundred to which you refer, they will join them. All the cavalry are out this morning, in search for corn-field. Until further orders I have directed the post commissary to issue but two-thirds rations.

JOSEPH HOOKER,

Major-General, Commanding.

[OCTOBER 6, 1863.- For Hooker to Butterfield, assigning the latter to command of the Twelfth Corps, &amp;c., see Part II, p. 714.]

STEVENSON, October 6, 1863-4 p.m.

Brigadier-General GARFIELD:

Chief of Staff, Chattanooga:

Major-General Butterfield telegraphs me from Tullahoma this afternoon that the rebels burned Shelbyville last night, and that they are now there. The damage done the railroad not yet known.

I cannot learn that they have been in the vicinity of any of the bridges. They appear to have crossed the road. The cavalry within my reach, in condition or number, don not warrant me in dispatching them to Huntsville, where I should expect to run against them.

JOSEPH HOOKER,

Major-General, Commanding.

STEVENSON, October 6, 1863-10 a.m.

Major-General BUTTERFIELD,

Cowan:

I have no sufficient cavalry force to send to Athens, or even to Huntsville, should the force you speak of be moving in that direction.

JOSEPH HOOKER,

Major-General, Commanding.

STEVENSON, October 6, 1863-7 p.m.

Major-General BUTTERFIELD:

Duck Creek:

Dispatch of 5.30 received. I can scarcely retain the chagrin and mortification I feel at what you write me of the abandonment of Wartrace and the burning of the bridge. It does not appear that a gun was fired in defense of either. Women would not act so badly.

I hope that you will learn all the particulars, that the guilty may be brought to punishment. There ought to be infantry enough on the

