
from the mills on his right to the cross-roads near foot of Lookout Mountain. The rebel soldiers are very much discouraged; say Bragg has failed to accomplish what he promised and what was expected of him. All the forces sent from Virginia to re-enforce Bragg are expected to return immediately, and if Bragg expects to do anything here, he must do it at once-this is what the soldiers say. If Bragg fails to get Chattanooga, he will fall back to Atlanta.

I have the honor to remain, yours, very truly.

JAS. S. NEGLEY,

Major-General.
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Chattanooga, Tenn., October 1, 1863.

Lieutenant ColonelG. E. FLYNT,Asst. Adjt. General and Chief of Staff, 14th Army Corps:

COLONEL: I would respectfully suggest, for the information of the major-general commanding, that the troops of my command be places upon half rations, as the rations now on hand only include the 5th instant, and the arrival of the supply train is uncertain.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. BRANNAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Chattanooga, October 1, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel GEORGE E. FLYNT,Asst. Adjt. General and Chief of Staff, 14th Army Corps:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that Lieutenant Steedman, Fourteenth Ohio Volunteers, brigade inspector Second Brigade, passed our line of pickets to-night and accidentally entered those of the enemy. He reports that a field battery of four guns followed the ambulance train, and came into position on the rising ground near the four chimneys, about 200 yards from my picket line.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. BRANNAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND, Chattanooga, October 1, 1863.

Major-General McCOOK:

The major-general commanding desires me to inform you that Lieutenant-Colonel Dunn, Twenty-ninth Indiana, represents that it has been the custom in your corps for the commanding officers of regiments not to go on picket duty themselves, but to place their commands in charge of a subordinate officer. The general directs that it such a custom is prevalent, it be discontinued.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,WM. McMICHAEL,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

