
entered upon that duty, and report to this Department. His contracts and arrangements in violation of the transportation of private property, and in reference to Adams and other express companies, require special examination.

A copy of a telegram to Colonel Innes is hereunto annexed.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

Send copy of telegram to Colonel Innes.

[Inclosure.]

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, October 6, 1863-8 p.m.

Colonel INNES,

Military Supt. of Railroads, Louisville and Nashville:

Complaints have reached this Department that you have made contracts and arrangements for the transportation of private property, and have otherwise irregularly and improperly conducted [yourself] as superintendent of transportation. It is the design of this Department to have your conduct investigated and afford you an opportunity of explanation. In the mean time you will confine yourself strictly to your duties in relation to military transportation, and abstain from improper interference with any private rights, and from any contracts or arrangements for private transportation. The Quartermaster-General, Meigs, is now in the Department of the Cumberland, at Nashville or Chattanooga. You are ordered to make full report to him of all the contracts or arrangements for transportation on the railroads in your charge since you were appointed superintendent, and to obey such orders and instructions as he may give you. You will acknowledge the receipt of this telegram.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

LOUISVILLE, KY., October 6, 1863.

(Received 12.20 p.m.)

Hon E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Does the President authorize Colonel T. A. Scott to have the gauge of the Louisville and Frankfort and Louisville and Lexington Railroads changed, and will he sanction Colonel Scott's recommendation for the Government paying the expense of changing the rolling-stock and machinery to suit changed gauge? The companies desire to cooperate in whatever is determined upon. An immediate reply is asked, as every day's delay is important.

EDW'D D. HOBBS,

President L. and F. and L. and L. Railroads.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

October 6, 1863-3.25 p.m.

EDWARD D. HOBBS, Esq.,

Louisville, Ky,:

The President has authorized Colonel Thomas A. Scott to have the gauge of the Louisville and Frankfort and Louisville and Lexington Railroads changed. He also sanctions Colonel Scott's recommenda-

