
tion for the Government to pay the expense of changing the rolling-stock and machinery to suit the changed gauge. Colonel Scott has full powers to do what he deems necessary for the service, subject, however, to approval by this Department. You and the companies you represent will please accept thanks of the Department for your co-operation.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

KNOXVILLE, TENN., October 6, 1863

(Received 10.15. p.m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

I am satisfied that 10,000 general-service troops and 5,000 home guards can be raised in this part of the State. Captain Harris, chief ordnance officer, has made requisition for 10,000 additional arms, which I hope will be promptly forwarded. The home guards will be used to defend the mountain passes and against small raids. The regular recruits already amount to about 3,000.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General

MUNFORDVILLE, KY.,

October 6, 1863.

Brigadier-General BOYLE:

Dispatch just received from Cave City says Major Martin and a few of his men are this side of Glasgow watching rebels. Thirty-third Kentucky Regiment, under Colonel Lauck, are on their way to Cave City to protect stores at this point. I have also given notice to Captain Hare, Captain Bowland, and Colonel McManomy to look out for small bands on the line of railroad north of this place. I have sent small force to Bacon Creek bridge as re-enforcement.

Colonel Spaulding should move with his force to Glasgow or Cave City, and watch and attack the rebels.

E. H. HOBSON,

Brigadier-General.

MUNFORDVILLE, KY.,

October 6, 1863.

General BOYLE:

Order Colonel Spaulding to move his force in direction of Cave City or Glasgow. Rebels reported in Glasgow this morning. I am sending all the available force I can spare to Cave City to protect Government property. Major Martin is between Cave City and Glasgow. Rebel force not known. I will use every effort to prevent damage to railroad. We have had no communication with Major Martin until this morning.

E. H. HOBSON,

Brigadier-General.

