
LA GRANGE, October 7, 1863.

Colonel MERSY,

Commanding Second Brigade:

The rebels were moving east from Hudsonville at last accounts. Colonel Hurst has not been farther south tahn Coldwater lately. The cavalry is out watching their movements. Will inform you if anything occurs. Do not send your scouts too far south at present.

T. W. SWEENY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

LA GRANGE, October 7, 1863.

Major-General HURLBUT:

The enemy is reported south of here near Davis' Mills, having passed through Salem. I have a brigade of cavalry swinging in their rear. I am also hourly expecting the Seventh Kansas and Sixth Illinois Cavalry here, if the report is true, and General Sweeny believes it. I think they still mean Moscow or La Fayette, and would urgently suggest that a brigade be moved out to-night to cover these points, as the one which was there last night moved forward this morning. General Lee commands.

EDWARD HATCH,

Colonel, Commanding Cavalry Division.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Memphis, Tenn., October 7, 1863

Colonel E. HATCH,

La Grange, Tenn:

If the enemy are in force at Davis' Mills they will probably cross Wolf River there and move by Grand Junction on the flank and rear of La Grange. I doubt their moving toward Moscow from that point. They may come in on the Ripley road north of Wolf from the direction of Davis' Mills, but that road is difficult and easily defended.

I have applied to Sherman for a brigade to move before daylight to Moscow, and thence to support La Grange if attacked. In any event the concentration of your cavalry should be completed as early as possible. Confer freely with General Sweeny, and ascertain if the rumor of their being at Davis' Mills is true.

S. A. HURLBUT,

Major-General.

LA GRANGE, October 7, 1863

Major General S. A. HURLBUT:

From information obtained from prisoners I learn the strength of the enemy as follows: Chalmers, 1,600; Ruggles, 2,500; Ross and Logan, 3,000; total, 7,100; eight pieces of artillery. My impression is that they intend massing at Ripley. If I can get the Corinth cavalry, I can whip them; the troops I have are moving for them.

EDWARD HATCH,

Colonel, Commanding Cavalry.

