
tween there and Wartrace, all the water-tanks between Murfreesborough and Wartrace, and about 3 1/2 miles of track entirely destroyed. I can get no positive information about Duck River; the reports conflict. I have this morning sent out scouts to ascertain positively. Will communicate with you when I get the required information I have stated, and am working day and night to repair the damage, and will strain every nerve to re-open immediately. In the mean time, I am forwarding troops, horses, &amp;c., as fast as they arrive, to Murfreesborough.

WM. P. INNES,

Colonel.
HDQRS. EIGHTEENTH KENTUCKY VOLUNTEER INFANTRY,Camp on Little Suck Creek, October 7, 1863.

Brigadier General J. ST. C. MORTON,

Commanding Pioneer Brigade.

GENERAL: I have to report that the road from Little Suck Creek to Shoal Creek, which is the roughest portion of the road between this point and Chattanooga, is graded. If the weather prove favorable, three days' more work will complete the grade work to Big Suck Creek. An abundant supply of tools is now on hand, and an additional detail of men could be put to work.

I am, very respectfully,

HUBBARD K. MILWARD,

Lieutenant-Colonel, commanding.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS PIONEER BRIGADE,October 8, 1863.

Respectfully forwarded to Brigadier General W. F. Smith, chief engineer.

J. ST. C. MORTON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST BATTALION, PIONEER BRIGADE,Camp Goddard, Tenn., October 7, 1863.

Lieutenant C. V. LAMBERSON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.:

SIR: Agreeably to instructions, I herewith transmit the following report of a reconnaissance for a practicable road on Walden's Ridge: Starting at a point three-quarters of a mile below Mrs. Williams' house, ascend the mountain, taking the Williams road and following the trace to where it intersects the Anderson road at James Connor's, a distance of 10 miles from Chattanooga; follow the Anderson road 2 miles, then bearing to the left, on what is known as the Grierson or Burnett trace, reaching the Sequatchie Valley, saving a distance of 5 miles. This route can be made a good, practicable road in six days, with 500 men. The route running parallel with the Tennessee River, on top of Walden's Ridge, is not practicable, owing to the numerous ravines that are impassable, the heads of which are at the bluffs on the Sequatchie Valley side of the ridge.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. J. STEWART,

Captain, Commanding First Battalion Pioneer Brigade.

