
may be useful. He states that pontoons are being rapidly built in the enemy's rear, and crackers baked and packed. From what he has heard he believes a movement on our left may be expected very shortly. Please to place this before the general commanding the corps. The men have been sent to the provost-marshall of the brigade (First Brigade, Third Division).

I remain, captain, respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. W. LISTER

Lieutenant Colonel 31st Ohio Vol. Infty., Officer of the Day, 3rd Div.,
HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH ARMY CORPS,INSPECTOR-GENERAL'S OFFICER,

Chattanooga, Tenn., October 7, 1863.

Special morning report from the front of the Twentieth Army Corps:

General Carlin, division officer of the day, First Division front, reports, through Lieutenant Vance, acting assistant inspector-general, that last night very many fires were built in front of the center of our army extending clear to our extreme left within the enemy's lines, as though an army was bivouacking there, while the rest of the enemy's front, extending to Lookout Mountain, was extraordinarily dark. General Carlin was of the opinion that the enemy were preparing to attack, or else these fires were a feint, under cover of which the enemy was retreating. Between 2 and 3 o'clock this morning bugles were heard, which seemed to be calls to fall in and stand at attention, &amp;c., No one is able to say which way the enemy were moving, though every one thinks that they were moving.

In front of General Thomas' right, on the creek above us, the enemy seemed to be building a bridge or something of the sort, judging from the sounds of handling of timber; this at 3 o'clock this morning. Just before dusk last evening some two or three pieces of artillery were seen moving down the mountain.

Lieutenant Boal, acting assistant inspector-general, Colonel Sherman, reports that from 3 to 8 p.m. enemy's artillery was moving down Lookout Mountain; one full battery and the caissons counted before dark by a sergeant; judging from sound and time of passing, about two more batteries passed. A considerable number of men were heard hallowing, but whether in organized force is doubtful, because the noises of bull drums, brass bands, and voices of men walking to and from seemed too evident an attempt to swell the number of troops.

Respectfully submitted to Major-General McCook for his information.

HORACE N. FISHER,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Assistant Inspector-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. 3rd DIV., 2OTH ARMY CORPS,

Numbers 74. Chattanooga, October 7, 1863.

The present encampment of the troops of this division will hereafter be known and designated as Camp Lytle, after Brigadier General W. H. Lytle, killed in action at the battle of Chickamauga, Sunday, September 20, 1863.

By command of Major-General Sheridan:

GEORGE LEE,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

