HEADQUARTERS ELEVENTH AND TWELFTH CORPS,Stevenson, Ala., October 7, 1863

Brigadier General JAMES D. MORGAN,

Commanding Second Division, Reserve Corps:

GENERAL: I am directed by the major-General commanding to request that you will give directions for a cavalry reconnaissance to be made in the direction of Huntsville, leaving to-day. He suggests that the command of colonel Watkins be employed for this service.

The general is informed this morning that a portion of the rebel cavalry is moving in the direction of Fayetteville via Shelbyville, and it is believed that it will continue its course to Huntsville.

At McMinnville the rebel raiders divided into columns, the larger marching in the direction of Murfreesborough, the other toward Fayetteville via Shelbyville.

A brigade of infantry will march to-morrow morning and take post at Larkinsville, with instructions to co-operate with the cavalry you may send out in the direction of Huntsville. The general requests that directions may be given to the officer in command to make every possible inquiry of the movements of the rebel cavalry, and to report the result, as well as all other useful information he may gather, as often as he may deem it necessary.

Let the officer in command be enjoined to exercise the utmost vigilance, and if he comes up with the enemy to fall upon and destroy him. The column is represented to be a small one, with horses greatly reduced from their long raid. The column to return when they have executed their instructions. The rebel cavalry will be able to reach Fayetteville to-day.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. H. LAWRENCE,

Major, Aide-de-Camp, and Actg. Asst. Adjt. General
HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION, RESERVE CORPS,Stevenson, Ala., October 7, 1863.

Major FULLERTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

MAJOR: Major-General Hooker, with the Eleventh and Twelfth Army Corps, has been ordered to guard the line of railroad from Cowan to Bridgeport. This in effect relieves me from duty at this point. The Second Brigade of my division is above Chattanooga. Three regiments of the First (the Tenth and Sixtieth Illinois and Tenth Missouri) and one section of Edgarton's battery are at or near Anderson's Cross-Roads. The Sixteenth Illinois and Beebe's battery with First Brigade headquarters are at Bridgeport. The One hundred and eighth Ohio, with two sections of Edgarton's battery, Third Brigade, are at this point.

I would respectfully request that Colonel Smith, with the Sixteenth Illinois and Beebe's battery, be ordered to join and assume command of his brigade. Also, that orders may be issued to the One hundred and eighth Ohio and Edgarton's battery with division headquarters to move forward to our near Anderson's Cross-Roads.

Railroad communication interrupted between here and Nashville. No train since Monday. Telegraph-wires cut beyond Cowan. Large ambulance train with wounded arrived safely. Railroad has not

