
been threatened this side of Tantalom. Cavalry scouting country daily. A few rebel cavalry reported about Larkinsville. Refugee reports that Roddey, with 1,300 cavalry, left Bragg last Thursday for Tuscumbia; that the major part of Bragg's army was on Missionary Ridge.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES D. MORGAN,

Brigadier General, Commanding Second Division, Reserve Corps.

[Indorsement.]

Order General Hooker to relieve General Morgan. General Morgan to concentrate at Anderson's Cross-Roads and protect the points above there where the trains cross. Have report from Battle Creek as to what regiments guard our bridge there. General Morgan to see to this and report.

W. S. R.
HDQRS. 2nd BRIG., 2nd DIV., RESERVE CORPS,In Camp on Chickamauga Creek, Tenn.,

October 7, 1863-7 p.m.

General J. A. GARFIELD:

Chief of Staff, Department of the Cumberland:

GENERAL: Your communication of last night was received at 1 o'clock this morning. Colonel McCook was then and is now absent, and, under the direction of the senior officer at this point (Colonel Dilworth, Eighty-fifth Illinois), I have the honor to make the following report, in obedience to the order in your communication:

Since our arrival here there has been some movement by the enemy each day, such as rattling of wagons. Yesterday the enemy were comparatively quiet, but the picket officers report an unusual stir last night; drums and trumpets were sounded, and wagon trains were heard during the greater part of the night. The picket officer were unable to state in what direction the move was made.

The officer of the day reports that there were no rebels seen on the opposite bank to-day. At this time all is quiet.

Nothing has been heard of General Burnside.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. L. ANDERSON,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

SHELBYVILLE, October 7, 1863-9 a.m.

General J. A. GARFIELD,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: I left Murfreesborough yesterday morning as soon as I had drawn rations for my command. I found the enemy had divided his force about 5 miles from here, sending a party to attack Wartrace; another off to the right on the Middleton road toward Unionville and Columbia; another coming into this place and sacking the town. The party that went to Wartrace, I learn from citi-

