HDQRS. SECOND BATTN., SECOND MICHIGAN CAVALRY,Rankin's Ferry, October 7, 1863

Major W. H. SINCLAIR

Assistant Adjutant-General:

MAJOR: I have the honor to state all quiet here and the same as reported yesterday. Pickets of the enemy seen daily.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. P. WELLS,

Captain Second Michigan Cavalry, Comdg. Battalion.

UNIONVILLE, TENN.,,

October 7, 1863-12.45 p.m

Major W. H. SINCLAIR,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Cavalry Corps:

I am here with my column. I hear the rebels are moving on Columbia road. I shall move on with main column to the Columbia road by the nearest route, sending one squadron by other road. No rebels have been seen on Eagleville road; they were passing on old Fayetteville road by Thompson's Ford; but 20 or 25 were seen at Unionville. I have no reliable information of whereabouts of the main column of the enemy. I shall await orders at intersection of Eagleville and Columbia road, or send you report if I learn anything or move from there.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. M. McCOOK,

Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Chattanooga, October 7, 1863

Major General JOSEPH, HOOKER,

Commanding Eleventh and Twelfth Army Corps:

The general commanding directs you to make such details as you can reasonably spare from other duties, to put the wagon road from Bridgeport to Jasper in good condition. A large part of our supplies must, for the present, be brought over that route, and the road must be made good against the rainy season.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. A. GARFIELD:

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff

STEVENSON, October 7, 1863- 8 a.m.

Brigadier-General GARFIELD:

Chief of Staff, Chattanooga:

Major-General Butterfield informs me that Wartrace was abandoned by Colonel Baird's command yesterday, under instructions of General Granger to move to Duck River, and that at 3 o'clock p.m. the trestle bridges over that river were burned. Whether this was permitted under authority I am not advised. Indeed, I cannot learn that a single gun was fired in defense of either place. I am equally

