
ignorant of the conduct of a portion of the Twelfth Corps. In the first place, one division had been ordered to take post at those points, and when it was found they had passed there, they were seasonably directed to return to them. I forbear comment until more fully advised. The pontoon bridge at Bridgeport was complete yesterday.

JOSEPH HOOKER,

Major-General, Commanding.

STEVENSON, October 7, 1863-12 m.

Brigadier-General GARFIELD:

Chief of Staff, Chattanooga:

Advices from General Butterfield, dated 10.15 a.m. to-day, inform me that the rebel force is discovered to be encamped on McMinnville pike, 1 mile from Shelbyville, and that one column is moving out to attack it, while another is moving along the line of the railroad to open the communication with the rear. The bridge at Duck River has been burned, and cannot be repaired before to-morrow p.m. Track torn up beyond. Damage done farther on not yet known.

Directions have been given General Howard to complete the bridgehead opposite Bridgeport. Additional defenses will be determined on, if necessary, as soon as I can leave here. Our scouts penetrated to within 4 miles of Trenton yesterday, and found a picket of about 200 men at that point and Whiteside's Station.

JOSEPH HOOKER,

Major-General, Commanding.

STEVENSON, October 7, 1863-4 p.m.

Brigadier-General GARFIELD:

Chief of Staff:

Major-General Butterfield telegraphs me from Tullahoma this p. m. that the rebels burned Shelbyville last night and that they are now there. The damage done the railroad not yet known. I cannot learn that they have been in the vicinity of any of the bridges; they appear to have crossed the road. The cavalry within my reach, in condition or numbers, do not warrant me in dispatching them to Huntsville, where I should expect them. In the first place, one division had been ordered to take post at those points, and when it was found they had passed there, they were seasonably directed to return to them. I forbear comment until more fully advised. The pontoon bridge at Bridgeport was completed yesterday.

HOOKER,

Major-General.

STEVENSON, October 7, 1863-8 p.m.

Brigadier-General GARFIELD:

Have this moment received the following dispatch:

I arrived here with the brigade of infantry and brigade of 800 cavalry at 2 p.m. finding Generals Crook and Mitchell in hot pursuit of the enemy, engaging them here on arrival, killing 100 or more and capturing 200 prisoners. Reported also

