
[MURFREESBOROUGH, October 7, 1863.]

Major-General BUTTERFIELD:

Chief of Staff, Stevenson, Ala.:

Dispatch for General Slocum received and forwarded. The railroad and telegraph line is cut between Tullahoma and Wartrace; a few rails destroyed. My division is marching toward Bridgeport; the rear just passed this place. I leave by first train.

A. S. WILLIAMS,

Brigadier-General Commanding.

MURFREESBOROUGH, October[7?], 1863

Major-General SLOCUM,

Nashville:

The dispatch of General Hooker of the 6th orders all available forces here and on the road to be pushed forward to open the railroad and meet General Butterfield, who is moving this way.

Large force of our cavalry left here yesterday in pursuit. Reports have been to-day received from Duck River that the bridge there is safe; the enemy was beyond and is being followed by our cavalry in force equal at least to the enemy. Our infantry would be at least 50 miles behind, and of course could do no good. Shall I send General Geary forward on foot and without transportation, or wait the railroad repair? It is plain General Hooker knew nothing of the condition of matters this way.

It is reported that General Butterfield expects to be in Wartrace to-night. If so, the enemy will be below him.

A. S. WILLIAMS,

Brigadier-General.

MURFREESBOROUGH, October 7, 1863-4 p.m.

Major-General HOOKER,

Commanding Eleventh and Twelfth Corps:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your dispatch of 6th, addressed to Major-General Slocum or the senior officer of Twelfth Corps.

The interruption of the railroad and telegraph is between this and Christiana. Two small bridges, from 3 to 4 miles below this, have been destroyed, and the rails torn up at intervals for a few miles night before last. They were followed yesterday forenoon by a large force of our cavalry under General Stanley-a force at least equal to that of the enemy. We have reports to-day that the rebels, after a faint attempt at Duck River, passed on, and when last heard from this forenoon were 40 miles away.

The telegraph line is being rapidly repaired, and will be open to Wartrace to-day, and probably in perfect connection farther south. The railroad bridges will be completed I learn to-morrow at farthest, and the track relaid in a day or two unless more damaged than now reported. Several companies of the Michigan Engineers and Mechanics Regiment are now on the road, with railroad ties, &amp;c., for repairs ; a large force is already at work.

