
In view of the fact that the messenger reports that General Butterfield was at Duck River, and that the railroad is clear of rebels between this and Wartrace, I presume that the contingency mentioned in your dispatch will not make necessary the sending forward the six regiments of Geary's division of Twelfth Corps now here, especially as the railroad interruption is at this point and the command is wholly without transportation. A portion of Geary's command is at the bridge below as a guard to the railroad repairers. They will move down as fast as the road is repaired.

It is reported here that the rebels have gone to Shelbyville with threats to burn that place. They may strike the railroad at Tullahoma or farther south.

General Slocum is still at Nashville, but is expected here to-night.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. S. WILLIAMS,

Brigadier-General, First Division, Twelfth Corps,

MURFREESBOROUGH, October 7, 1863-7.30 p.m.

Major-General SLOCUM:

The latest I have is that the rebels are at least 40 miles south of this and beyond Duck River, having avoided that point. General this Butterfield, with several thousand men, was at Duck River this forenoon to move to Wartrace. I can get no reliable information when railroad will be repaired. Nobody seems posted.

A. S. WILLIAMS,

Brigadier-General.

[MURFREESBOROUGH, October 7, 1863]

Officer in Charge of Bridge:

Dispatches from General Hooker urge that the repairs of bridge be hurried with every possible effort. If you need more men, use the regiment on duty at the bridge, and call on me for all you want.

Don't let a moment be lost.

A. S. WILLIAMS,

Brigadier-General.

TULLAHOMA, October 7, 1863.

General BUTTERFIELD:

I have here the Thirteenth New Jersey and Second Massachusetts in part, and no transportation. What shall I do?

CARMAN,

Colonel Thirteenth New Jersey,

[Indorsement.]

DUCK RIVER, October 7, 1863-6.15 a.m.

Colonel CARMAN,

Tullahoma:

Load your men on the timber train of Colonel Hunton, Michigan,

Engineers, and not receiving other orders, assist him in rebuilding the bridges.

D. B.

