
row. Please give directions to the commanding officer to co-operate with the cavalry if required to do so. The cavalry force will be in Huntsville to-morrow night.

JOSEPH HOOKER,

Major-General, Commanding.

STEVENSON, October 7, 1863-3 p.m.

Major-General HOWARD:

I know nothing of the intentions of the general-in-chief respecting the pontoons. I presume, however, that they will be thrown forward by the river. The only object, I take it, being to have them collected together and put in repair for immediate use.

JOSEPH HOOKER,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ELEVENTH AND TWELFTH CORPS,Stevenson, Ala., October 7, 1863.

Major-General HOWARD,

Commanding Bridgeport:

GENERAL: I am directed by the major-general commanding to inform you that in consequence of the interruption of our communications our forage is exhausted, and it becomes necessary to depend on the corps of the surrounding country for the subsistence of our animals.

Below Bellefonte are extensive corn-field,and we shall have to depend on them mainly for our supply. The general is advised that two hundred wagons are on the way from the front to be used for this service. To cover these foraging parties the major-general commanding directs that you send one brigade of your corps, provided with seven days' rations, to take post at Larkinsville until further orders; the column to be ready to march to-morrow morning. It will be instructed to follow the river road to below Bellefonte, and from there through Scottsville to Larkinsville. This command must send pickets well out in the direction of Huntsville and Santa, as it is more than probable that a portion of the rebel cavalry raiders will return across the Tennessee River via Huntsville.

The general desires the column will move with the smallest possible number of wagons, which it will be necessary to take from the troops now at Bridgeport, and also one or two ambulances. It will not be necessary to take forage, as that can be gathered from the country.

Enjoin the utmost vigilance and resolution on the part of the command. It is abundantly large to cope successfully with any cavalry force the enemy can send against it. It is presumed they will not be absent more than one week.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. H. LAWRENCE,

Major, Aide-de-Camp, and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

P. S.- Owing to the break in our communications it has become necessary to reduce the ration of this command one-third until further orders. A company of our soldiers will be found below Bellefonte working a saw-mill.

WM. H. LAWRENCE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General

