
STEVENSON, October 7, 1863-7.30 p.m.

Major-General HOWARD:

Please suspend the marching of the brigade until further orders; matters to the rear are not sufficiently developed for me to act advisedly. When it does move we can send you rations to Larkinsville by rail should you desire.

What is the name and strength of the regiment at Bridgeport awaiting an opportunity to go to Chattanooga?

JOSEPH HOOKER,

Major-General, Commanding.

NASHVILLE, TENN., October 7, 1863-3 p.m.

(Received 7 p.m.)

Hon E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Your telegram received. I hope you will promptly and freely investigate every charge mentioned. I claim in justice to myself to have it done at the earliest possible moment. I will send copy of your telegram to General Meigs as soon as communication is open.

WM. P. INNES,

Colonel and Military Superintendent of Railroad.

LOUISVILLE, KY., October 7, 1863-9 a.m.

(Received 6.50 p.m.)

Hon E. M. STANTON:

Line to Nashville all right this morning. Rebels are being closely pursued. Have copy of message to Innes. The remnants belonging to Eleventh and Twelfth Corps now here and at Jeffersonville. Will load them all to-day, and get General Boyle to send out a guard to scour the city for stragglers and send them all off this evening. When will next shipments be made, and by what route will they reach Louisville?

THOS. A. SCOTT,

CINCINNATI, OHIO, October 7, 1863-3.35 p.m.

(Received 7 p.m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

I have received copy of your dispatch dated October 6, addressed to Colonel Innes, military superintendent, Nashville, and beg the favor of being permitted to make a brief statement of the circumstances that induced me to seek the interference of the War Department.

While the Army of the Cumberland was at Murfreesborough a contract was made with us, by order of General Rosecrans, fixing the rates we were to pay Government and to charge shippers, and providing that as the road was extended we should have facilities at proportionate rates. When the army advanced and the road opened to Stevenson we ran to that point, paying rates equal to those paid by us on Louisville and Nashville Railroad for the army freight-line service.

