
When the new superintendent came into power he refused to carry out the contract, took our cars for Government use, and loaded private freight in Government cars, and though ordered more than once by General Rosecrans to respect the contract with our company, he refused to do so. The notice providing for terminating the contract was at once given by Colonel Innes on coming into power, and as the time is nearly out, and I had reason to believe that a contract would be awarded to other parties, I have sought to make a contract with the Department direct, thus anticipating action at Nahville, and in doing so I did not desire to assume the attitude of preferring charges against Colonel Innes.

ALFRED GAITHER,

Superintendent.

WAR DEPARTMENT.

Washington City, October 7, 1863-2.40 p.m.

Major-General BURNSIDE,

Knoxville, Tenn.:

Your telegram of yesterday received and approved. The ordnance department has been instructed to fill the requisition for arms.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

KNOXVILLE, TENN., October 7, 1863-2 p.m.

(Received 11.30 a.m., 8th.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

Your instructions received, and the spirit of them will be obeyed at once. The force on our left, about Greenville, is bold and threatening, and the detaching a force sufficient to hold it in check would leave me so weak that after the necessary positions had been garrisoned, I could not carry out the remainder of your instructions efficiently. I therefore deem it wise to throw a heavy column against Jones' force, and by capturing or driving him back, and breaking up the railroad for some distance into Virginia, release the force watching Jones and enable me to move in force to General Rosecran's aid. Troops are now in motion in accordance with that plan. I have also sent all the cavalry I can spare to connect with the General Rosecrans' left, and take to General Rosecrans re-enforcements to insure his holding Chattanooga, if attacked; and it is not likely that he will desire to assume the offensive before the completion of this work enables me to co-operate fully with him.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.

MUNFORDVILLE, KY,

October 7, 1863.

Captain A. C. SEMPLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Louisville:

Major Martin, with 60 men of his command, and 30 men under command of Captain Beck, sent from this place, left Glasgow yester-

