
with the view of getting to his rear. I do not know how reliable this may be, but send the information as I received it.

I wish you would forward this letter or a copy to Sherman, with the private letter for him accompanying.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.

LA GRANGE, October 8, 1863.

Major-General HURLBUT:

I received information last evening about 7 o'clock p.m. that the enemy were on the opposite side of Wolf River, near Davis' Mills, about 5 miles from this place. I immediately placed a strong and well advanced picket on the road leading to Davis' Mills, and before daylight this morning sent a small cavalry force as a feeler in that direction, but the enemy had left during the night.

Information is just received from Lieutenant-Colonel Philips, with whom I opened communication last night via Saulsbury, instructing him to get in the rear of the enemy by daybreak this morning and I would attack him in front. He says that he attacked the enemy at dusk last night in Salem, but being too strong for him, he was compelled to fall back. He knows that there was a force of the enemy 1,000 strong in Salem this morning. This accounts for the withdrawal from Wolf River. Colonel Hatch has moved toward Hastings, and will try and concentrate his cavalry. I shall keep communication open with the front by courier.

Respectfully,

T. W. SWEENY,

Brigadier-General

LA GRANGE, TENN., October 8, 1863.

Major General S. A. HURLBUT:

A messenger I sent to Colonel Hatch, who left here this afternoon with the Sixth Illinois Cavalry, has just returned. Colonel Hatch is encamped about a mile this side of Lamar, and reports the enemy in strong force about a mile beyond Lamar, and thinks they intend to attack this place to-night or in morning. He does not know where Colonel McCrillis the Seventh Kansas, or the Seventh Illinois Cavalry are, but thinks the latter is at Hudsonville. I think the force now inn front of Colonel Hatch is the same that was at Davis' Mills last night.

T. W. SWEENY,

Brigadier-General
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,La Grange, Tenn., October 8, 1863.

COMMANDING OFFICER, Saulsbury, Tenn.:

If the Seventh Kansas or the Ninth Illinois Mounted Infantry is at Saulsbury, send them to this place. Colonel Hatch reports the enemy in force at Lamar,a nd that they intend to attack to-night or in the morning.

By order of Brigadier General T. W. Sweeny:

JAMES DAVIDSON,

Lieutenant and Aide-de-Camp.

