
CORINTH, October 8, 1863.

Major-General HURLBUT:

Colonel Phillips, Ninth Illinois, went from Ripley to Salem last night and found the enemy in strong force, over 1,000 at the latter place. He will watch them and do what he can. I will send the Third Michigan, just in, in that direction to-morrow at daylight. Colonel Hatch seems to be conducting the operations of cavalry from La Grange east. I get no reports from him.

E. A. CARR,

Brigadier-General.

CORINTH, MISS.,

October 8, 1863

Major General W. T. SHERMAN,

Memphis:

Your dispatch is received and General Osterhaus has received orders in accordance therewith. He will march to Iuka.

I understand from the conductor of the train that the brigade which started this morning has been stopped at Moscow. I presume there is some stampede in that neighborhood.

I had intended to move my division to Iuka, but think it best to retain it here, as Osterhaus goes forward.

Some prisoners were brought in from beyond Burnsville to-day, and guerrillas in small bands are reported between the Tennessee River and the railroad east. Forrest is reported in force beyond Bear Creek. Colonel Moyers reports J. E. Johnston collecting an army of conscripts at Meridian. He reports also considerable force at Okolona.

Colonel Phillips, Ninth Illinois, reports the enemy 1,000 strong at Salem. General Carr has ordered the Third Michigan Cavalry to re-enforce Phillips.

FRANK P. BLAIR, JR.,

Major-General.

NEW YORK., October 8, 1863.

(Received 10th.)

Major-General SHERMAN,

Memphis:

The Secretary of War directs the immediate rebuilding of telegraph line between Memphis and Cairo. General Halleck instructs me to call upon you for military escort and guard for the line. Mr. W. G. Fuller, assistant superintendent at Memphis, will commence the work as soon as the necessary military protection is afforded.

ANSON STAGER,

Colonel and Superintendent Military Telegraph.
HEADQUARTERS,Corinth, Miss., October 8, 1863.

Brigadier General P. J. OSTERHAUS,

Commanding First Division:

GENERAL: Pursuant to orders just received from Major-General Sherman, you will march your division to Iuka, starting to-morrow

