
morning. You will hold the road to Bear Creek, look to the crossing at Eastport, and collect information at any and every cost east of Bear Creek.
By order of Major General F. P. Blair, jr.:

W. D. GREEN,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General

Your communication is received, and will be attended to.

W. D. GREEN.

Assistant Adjutant-General.

FORT MONROE, VA., October 8, 1863-7.30 p.m.

(Received 7.40 p.m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-chief:

The flag-of-truce boat is just in with Richmond papers to the 8th (to-day). The following are the telegraphic news:

MISSIONARY RIDGE,

(Via Chickamauga, October 5.)

We opened upon Chattanooga at 1 o'clock a.m. from Lookout Mountain and other points along our line, our shells exploding in the enemy's camps as will as in the city, setting fire to a house. The enemy replied briskly from Moccasin Point to our mortars on Lookout, and feebly from the star fort and casemated fort. The firing still continues. It is reported that General Wheeler has captured and burned five hundred wagons belonging to the enemy.

MISSIONARY RIDGE.

(Via Chickamauga, October 6.)

The Tennessee River is rising rapidly. It has swept away the lower pontoon bridge of the enemy and submerged the trestle bridge. Prisoners and deserters confirm the capture of the enemy's wagon train by General Wheeler.

Major S. P. Mitchell, chief quartermaster of General Longstreet's corps, died last night of diphtheria. Colonel Joe Lewis, of the Sixth Kentucky Regiment, has been appointed brigadier-general, to take command of General Helm's brigade. Colonel James A. Smith has been appointed brigadier-general,and will command Preston Smith's old brigade.

No firing on either side up to 11 o'clock a.m. to-day.

J. G. FOSTER,

Major-General.

FORT MONROE, VA., October 8, 1863-8 p.m.

(Received 8.15 p.m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

Major Mulford, in charge of the flag-of-truce boat, who has a good opportunity to again information while at City Point, has informed me that on his last visit he saw and heard enough to convince him that the enemy are still sending troops to Bragg with the determination of holding General Rosecrans in check, if not defeating him. Jeff. Davis left Richmond for the southwest day before yesterday. Everything indicates a determination to endeavor to regain their lost ground in East Tennessee. They despair of being able to take Chat-

