
tanooga, but expect to harass the rear of General Rosecrans and to defeat him if he attacks them. They are or pretend to be nervous lest General Rosecrans should not attack.

* * * * * * * *

J. G. FOSTER,

Major-General

WAR DEPARTMENT,

October 8, 1863-10.50 a.m.

Brigadier General ANDREW JOHNSON,

Military Governor, Nashville:

You are hereby authorized to make requisition upon the ordnance officer and quartermaster at Nashville for arms, ammunition, equipments, and military supplies for all the white and colored troops raised by you in Tennessee. The said officers are hereby directed to fill your requisitions promptly, if they have supplies on hand, and if not, then make application to have them immediately furnished. A copy of this telegram will be regarded as formal instructions to the officers to whom it is presented. You will please promptly report to this Department any neglect or delay in furnishing supplies.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

CHATTANOOGA, TENN., October 8, 1863-11.30 a.m.

(Received 1.45 p.m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK, General-in-Chief:

Dispatch about Burnside received. No news from him since the 1st. Rebel cavalry took McMinnville on the 4th. Crossed the railroad between Duck River and Murfreesborough, and sacked Shelbyville on the 6th. General Hooker's dispositions of infantry promise to secure most vital points of railroad.* Rebels tore up rails near Wartrace and vicinity, and burned trestle bridge of considerable magnitude. Mitchell, with cavalry, overtook rebels yesterday morning near Shelbyville. Reported killed, 100; captured 200 and three pieces of artillery,and in hot pursuit. The enemy has superior numbers and better horses. Our men's morale aided by the fresh cavalry on the railroad. + Hope we shall irreparably damage them. Enemy still on our front.# No news from Sherman.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

CHATTANOOGA, TENN., October 8, 1863-5 p.m.

(Received 1.15 p.m., 9th.)

General H. W. HALLECK, General-in-Chief:

Rebel deserter reports as camp rumor that Jones, Pickett, and John S. Williams, with three divisions, are marching on Knoxville, by Abingdon. A sergeant of his company saw Pickett's division at Abingdon, on its way to Bristl, two weeks ago; Loring in com-

---------------

*Copy as received by General Halleck reads," promise to secure most vital points of the South."

+Copy as received by General Halleck reads,"our men are most aided by the fresh cavalry on the railroad."

#Copy as received by General Halleck reads, "enemy are still in front."

---------------

