
mand of Pemberton's army as a reserve. Thinks Bragg preparing for a flank movement. Longstreet published address to his troops, that they desired to deliver their brethren in Tennessee and Kentucky before returning to Virginia.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

LOUISVILLE, October 8, 1863.

Major-General ROSECRANS:

No division or any portion of General Sherman's force is here or reported as coming. The posts are weak. Can you not send back the regiments I sent you to Nashville, the Fiftieth Ohio, Ninety-first Indiana-the Fiftieth to Bowling Green and Ninety-first to Munfordville?

J. T. BOYLE,

Brigadier-General.

NASHVILLE, October 8, 1863.

Brigadier General J. A. GARFIELD, Chief of Staff:

I have the honor to report that if I have no drawback I hope and expect to open the road through by 4 p.m. to-morrow. I have been and am working day and night. Transportation of Eleventh and Twelfth Army Corps stands as follows: All Eleventh Corps troops sent through before the break; one battery was stopped here with the horses to go forward from here as an escort for their transportation, which has been furnished here. The Twelfth Corps, as fast as they have arrived after the break, have been forwarded to Murfreesborough, and, as I understand, have been distributed from there. All that now remains are some of the horses of the Twelfth Corps and some transportation that has not arrived at Louisville as yet. Under these circumstances would it not be as well for me to retain all my cars and send forward forage and rations as fast as possible to the front, and also to the garrisons along the line, and let the Louisville and Nashville road bring along the transportation as best they can, for they have plenty of engines and cars to do it, and I will forward them from here as fast as I can and furnish supplies at the same time? The horses for the Twelfth corps could even be taken to their destination from Murfreesborough, where they are now, by land, if necessary.

Colonel Scott has telegraphed me to-night to send one hundred cars per day to Louisville to transport the stuff down here. I really don't think it best, and would like you to advise me what to do. I think justice to the army would say let the horses come along as soon as it can be done without detriment to the army in front. I await your answer. I send you Colonel Scott's telegram:

LOUISVILLE, October 8.

Colonel INNES, Nashville:

Equipments of Eleventh and Twelfth Corps are coming up. We shall need at least one hundred cars per day to load at this end. Give us all the stock and platform cars possible.

THOS. A. SCOTT,

Colonel and Aide-de-Camp.

Respectfully,

W. P. INNES,

Colonel and Military Superintendent.

