HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Chattanooga, October 8, 1863.

Captain BAKER,

Assistant- Quartermaster, Stevenson:

The general commanding directs that you report the reason why the general supply train, loaded at Stevenson with 75,000 rations, did not start until yesterday (Wednesday.) Also by what authority you were absent from your post and in Nashville during that time.

FRANK S. BOND,

Major and Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS PIONEER BRIGADE,Chattanooga, Tenn., October 8, 1863.

Brigadier-General SMITH,

Chief Engineer, Department of the Cumberland:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that a pioneer ambulance driver has just returned from the camp of the First Battalion, at Little Suck Creek, who states that the rebel sharpshooters fired into the camp yesterday and to-day from the opposite side of the river, and that to-day they fired into a train belonging to General Palmer's division, killing several mules and 2 drivers, and stopping the passage of the train until he left. The First Battalion turned out and returned the fire of the enemy. The skirmishing had not ceased when he left. Several pioneers had been wounded. A part of the road fired upon was from Little Suck Creek to a point half a mile above it. It may be well to mention that Captain Stewart's new route avoids this exposed ground.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. ST. C. MORTON,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.

P. S.- Lieutenant Keller, acting assistant quartermaster, Pioneer Brigade, has just returned from Captain Stewart's camp, and reports General Palmer's train all past the sharpshooters of the rebels.

CAMERON'S HILL,

October 8, 1863-8.15 a.m.

Captain MERRILL:

Ten degrees south of east I can see three cannon. Thirty-five degrees south of east, six more; and one in fort 40 degrees south of east. At the house on Mission Ridge, east southeast from here, are five guns. Three regiments which lay yesterday 25 degrees east of south are not there this morning. With this exception can see no change in enemy's line.

HOWGATE,

Acting Signal Officer.
HEADQUARTERS SIGNAL STATION,October 8, 1863-10.30 a.m.

Captain MERRILL:

Rebel signal station on Mission Ridge broken up. No other change.

HOWGATE,

Lieutenant and Acting Signal Officer.

12 R R-VOL XXX, PT IV

