
CHATTANOOGA, October 1, 1863.

Brigadier-General MORGAN,

Stevenson, Ala.:

In accordance with instructions received from department headquarters, you will at once send an additional regiment of infantry to join and strengthen the three regiments that were ordered by last dispatch to go to the assistance of ColonelE. M. McCook at Jasper. Instruct the commanding officer to report to Colonel McCook to fight the enemy and destroy him. If General Hooker's advance has arrived at Stevenson, you will, upon authority of the general commanding the department, call upon its commanding officer to supply by detail the needful troops to replace those you may have sent away.

By command of Major-General Granger:

J. S. FULLERTON,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION, RESERVE CORPS, Stevenson, Ala., October 1, 1863.

Major J. S. FULLERTON,Assistant Adjutant-General, District Headquarters:

I have the honor to report that the dispatch ordering supporting parting to Colonel McCook's cavalry was received at 10.30 a.m. Orders have been issued for the troops to move as indicated. Two companies of the Tenth Ohio Cavalry were sent to patrol the railroad to Tantalon. All quiet along the line to that point. Colonel Cooper, commanding detachment of cavalry at Bellefonte, reports having driven some rebel cavalry across the river at that point. A regiment of cavalry sent to Larkinsville and Gunter's Ford has not returned. No reports from that direction.

A sad accident occurred at Bridgeport yesterday by the explosion of a large amount of ammunition. Partial report of Colonel R. F. Smith herewith inclosed.*

I have not been able to forward monthly return for August, owing to the peculiarly scattered condition of my division, and the prospect is still worse for September. I most earnestly request that if my division cannot be concentrated that the different brigades be at least contiguous. Please inform me of the headquarters of the Second Brigade, as I can get no reports from it. Since the Twenty-second Michigan Infantry has been moved to the front, I have not been able to get any returns from the Third Brigade. Since the loss of Colonel Le Favour, I really do not know who is the brigade commander.

I inclose + a copy of dispatch received from Colonel Coburn, a copy of which was sent to cavalry headquarters at Bridgeport. I somewhat doubt Roddey being at the place indicated with the force mentioned.

Very respectfully,

JAMES D. MORGAN,

Brigadier-General, Comdg. Second Division, Reserve Corps.

---------------

*Not found; but see Van Duzer to Garfield, Part III, p.947; also Smith to Rosecrans, p.19.

+See Coburn to Morgan [inclosure No. 1], p.21.

---------------

