
CHATTANOOGA, TENN.,

October 8, 1863.

Statement of Jasper Baker, Fifth Kentucky Infantry: I left my regiment last night while they were on picket. My regiment has been stationed in Southwestern Virginia until a few days before the fight. The regiment has been brigaded since it came here.

Statement of Sergt. G. H. Baughn, Fifth Kentucky Infantry: I left my regiment on picket last night about 10 o'clock. It was rumored in camp that a difficulty occurred between the Georgia troops and Bragg. Bragg ordered them to the front and they refused to cross the Georgia State line. I saw what I supposed to be a brigade and one battery going back. I heard firing, and it was generally believed that they had a fight. It was kept a secret from us. I do not know whether the Georgia troops were forcedf to the front or not. A great deal of dissatisfaction exists in the army, particularly among the Tennessee, Kentucky, North Carolina, and Virginia troops. They are ready to desert whenever an opportunity present itself. Breckinridge is in disfavor with his men. The men are quarreling among themselves. The men think well of Buckner. The Kentucky troops are willing to play quits upon any terms. The soldiers are down on the rich men. The property qualification does not please the men. The troops are coming to the conclusion that this is a war for the rich men of the South,and they are determined to .get out of it.

My regiment has 125 men for duty. The regiment lost 84 killed and wounded. The brigade lost about one-half their men killed and wounded. The brigade only numbers 400 men at this time for duty.

The division commissary said that Bragg's army before the fight drew rations for 110,000 men, including teamsters, &amp;c., The loss was estimated to be very heavy. I think from the best information I can get that Bragg has at this time 65,000 or 70,000 men, including all.

The rebels were placing the guns they captured during the fight in position on Lookout Mountain on Sunday. I do not know that any have been taken down. Nothing larger than 32-pounders that I know of. They are loading all the wagons with provisions, baking bread at almost every point and putting it in barrels.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Chattanooga, October 8, 1863.

Brigadier General J. A. GARFIELD:

Chief of Staff, Department of the Cumberland:

GENERAL: I wish to send on the day after to-morrow a train to Sequatchie Valley for forage, and desire that it be escorted by a brigade of infantry from my command, if the major-general commanding the department thinks they can be spared. If the permission to send the brigade is granted, it can be organized to-morrow and the train started early on the following morning. Please answer to-night.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. H. THOMAS.

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

