
That Longstreet has published an address to his corps, in which he states that it is the design of the army to free Tennessee and Kentucky before he returns to Virginia. That he is of the opinion that Bragg's army is preparing to make a flank movement. That General Loring is in command of the Pemberton (Vicksburg) army as a reserve. That General Jones, General John S. Williams,and General Pickett are said to be on the march from Abingdon to Knoxville with three divisions; that a sergeant of his company saw Pickett's division at Abingdon on its march to Bristol, Tenn.; this was some three weeks ago.

The statements of this sergeant are corroborated by the privates with him.

I remain, captain, your obedient servant,

J. G. PARKHURST,

Colonel and Provost-Marshall.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Chattanooga, October 8, 1863.

Lieutenant-Colonel MILWARD,

Commanding Eighteenth Kentucky Infantry:

Your dispatch of this date is received. The general commanding directs that you post some sharpshooters so as to drive off the enemy that annoy your working parties. If it should be necessary a party can be sent from this side for that purpose, for they must be driven off,and that as quickly as possible.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRANK S. BOND,

Major and Aide-de-Camp.

SIGNAL CORPS. TWENTIETH ARMY CORPS,

Chattanooga, October 8, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel G. P. THRUSTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff:

COLONEL: The two following messages were sent from the rebel signal station on Mission Ridge to one on Lookout Mountain. We could only get part of the first, but the second is complete.

First (9.45 a.m.) "	Infantry crossing; which way-"

Second (11.05 a.m.) "Frank Sesthause is here and wants you to come to Stewart's headquarters to see him. He will leave this p.m."

Yours, respectfully,

B. R. WOOD, JR.,

Lieutenant and Signal Officer.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH ARMY CORPS,Chattanooga, October 8, 1863-7. p.m.

Major General P. H. SHERIDAN:

Commanding Third Division:

General McCook directs that as a measure of precaution your picket-line be made double in strength to-night.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. P. THRUSTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.

