
STEVENSON, October 8, 1863-4 p.m.

Major-General BUTTERFIELD:

Wartrace:

Dispatch of 3.45 just received. Get the troops in position as assigned, and we will see if we can't have a stand-up fight with the enemy, if in the force represented.

JOSEPH HOOKER,

Major-General, commanding.

BURNED BRIDGE, October 8, 1863-4.30 p.m.

General ROSECRANS:

Telegraphic communications are re-opened through. The railroad bridge here I hope will be finished to-night. Good reports of Pendergrass at Stone's River bridges. Railroad communication will be opened to-morrow at noon certain, if not at daylight.

DANL. BUTTERFIELD,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

STEVENSON, October 8, 1863-6 p.m.

Major-General BUTTERFIELD:

Collect all the details respecting the capture of our forces and the abandonment of the posts between this and Murfreesborough, also the burning of the bridges at Duck River and Stone's River, and the forces in position at the time to defend them. With my present knowledge, there appears to have been bad conduct enough to dishonor a nation.

JOSEPH HOOKER,

Major-General, Commanding.

BURNED BRIDGE, October 8, 1863-4.40 p.m.

Major-General SLOCUM,

Nashville:

General Hooker directs me to say that not being certain as to the whereabouts and movements of the enemy, it will be advisable for the present to stretch the Twelfth Corps along the road from Murfreesborough to Tantalon, at the same time making use of all the other troops now on the road for the same service.

He directs you to establish your headquarters at Wartrace, and assume the command of all the troops on the line indicated. One division commander should be at Decherd, the other wherever you may direct.

The brigades of General Knipe and General Ruger, with the exception of a small detachment here, are between Bell Buckle and Murfreesborough on the road, pushing repairs and connections under instructions from General Hooker directing me to move them this way for that purpose. Two battalions of General Geary's command are at Duck River bridge, the balance in the vicinity of Murfreesborough.

It would be most expeditious to march these troops to their positions in view of the necessity for the railroad in forwarding supplies. Please acknowledge receipt of this.

DANL. BUTTERFIELD,

Major-General, Chief of Staff.

