
NASHVILLE, October 8, 1863

(Received Wartrace 7.05 p.m.)

Major-General BUTTERFIELD:

Dispatch just received. I am happy to hear matters are getting along so well. Hope to finish Stone's River [bridge] to-morrow. Hurry telegraph through; we need it much. I have received dispatch from General Hooker about Eleventh Corps artillery, and have answered. See the message on its way.

WM. P. INNES,

Colonel and Military Superintendent.
HEADQUARTERS ELEVENTH CORPS,October 8, 1863

Major General JOSEPH HOOKER:

The foraging party sent out to-day, conducted by my chief quartermaster, has been very successful, they having brought in 1,045 bushels of corn. The fields are only 4 to 5 miles from here, on the other side and on the bank of the river. It seems to me a pity to leave the corn there yet to the rebels, and would like to send again to-morrow with your sanction. A company of cavalry, which accompanied the party, captured 1 wagon, 1 captain, and 2 men a few small-arms.

O. O. HOWARD,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ELEVENTH CORPS,October 8, 1863.

Major General O. O. HOWARD

Commanding Eleventh Corps:

GENERAL: I have to reports as the result of the foraging expedition sent out under my charge this day, that ninety-five wagons left the pontoon at 9 a.m, and went down the river about 5 miles to Island Creek, and these teams were loaded at the farm of Hiran Gibson, the corn being the crop of one Poe, a scout and guide in the employ of the Confederate States. Fifty-six of these wagons belonged to the pontoon train, and of these forty-five were without boxes. In the whole train we were therefore able to bring only 1,045 bushels of corn.

The cavalry detachment of 25 men (Captain Cason, Fifth Tennesse) were sent out on a scout, on information deemed reliable, after the train had arrived at its destination and was being loaded in a safe place, and they captured and brought in Major H. S. [?] Williams, Ninth Alabama Infantry; Captain J. J. [?] Jones, Thirty-ninth Alabama Infantry, and arrested James H. Bell and David Harris, citizens-Bell accused of having stolen a lot of U. S. horses last fall. and Harris of concealing traitors and arms for the use of traitors.

They also brought in two pieces of gray cloth (rebel army pattern), one shotgun, one rifle, one saber, one Colt revolver, one bundle of papers found at Jones', one musket found at Hordalory's, two shotguns found at B. M. Scrugg's, one pair army boots at Pat. Partnes', and one yager at Mat. Partens'.

