
The infantry escort (Twenty-seventh Pennsylvania), under Major McAloon, marched rapidly with the train, were vigilant, and not a straggler was to be seen.

Some of the men who accompanied the teams, ostensibly to load, commenced to plunder and rob as soon as the teams halted, ranging the woods and shooting pigs and poultry, regardless of orders or duty. Owing to the thickness of the woods I was able to arrest only 2 of these, McCarty, of the Tenth Wisconsin Battery, and Tolle, of Captain Leffert's company (One hundred and first Illinois). Each shot a hog and was caught in the act. These hogs would weigh about 40 pounds each, and belonged to Hiram Gibson, and old man, who I am informed and believe is a Union man; has always been Union from the first to the last.

As these men were not in the Eleventh Corps, and the services of one at least was necessary as driver, I did not punish them at the time, but report them with the hope that they will not escape, and that they will be made to pay for the pork in addition to other punishment.

Respectfully submitted.

WM. G. LE DUC,

Lieutenant Colonel, and Chief Quartermaster, Eleventh Corps.

STEVENSON, October 8, 1863-10.30 a.m.

Major-General HOWARD:

You must keep your eyes open if you attempt to forage on the opposite side of the river. You may escape to-day, but I would not repeat it at present. Good news from the rear. The raiders have been completely routed; 300 prisoners; many killed and wounded. We look for through trains to-night.

Have you a suitable officer to examine the opposite shore with a view to additional defenses for the protection of the railroad bridge? I suppose the bridge-head will suffice for the pontoon bridge. If nothing should happen to prevent, I will try to go to Bridgeport to-morrow.

JOSEPH HOOKER,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ELEVENTH AND TWELFTH CORPS,Stevenson, Ala., October 8, 1863.

Major-General HOWARD

Commanding at Bridgeport:

GENERAL: Instructions from the headquarters of the Army of the Cumberland, dated the 7th instant, have just been received, directing that the road from Bridgeport to Jasper be put in good condition, as supplies for the army at Chattanooga will have to be forwarded over that route by wagons for some time to come. It will be necessary, therefore, to put it in substantial repair, and that as speedily as circumstances will permit.

As your corps is liable to be called on for heavy details in the construction of the necessary defenses about Bridgeport, the major-general commanding suggests that you have the One hundred and

