
first Illinois Volunteers detailed for this service, with directions to commence the work at once. It will be advisable for the regiment to encamp on the road until the work is finished. An experienced road-builder should be detailed to determine where and in what manner the repairs shall be made.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant.

WM. H. LAWRENCE,

Major, Aide-de-Camp, and Actg. Asst. Adjt., General

LOUISVILLE, KY., October 8, 1863.

(Received 11.40 a.m.)

Hon E. M. STANTON:

I think some action should be taken by the Department by which the contract for transportation of supplies other than military on the Government roads south of this point should be carefully made,and be subject to the approval of the Secretary of War before being of binding effect at all. The transportation should be in the hands of responsible parties, and not be under the direct control of superintendents of military roads or of the quartermasters. Their other duties are quite sufficient to occupy all their time. The Adams Express Company have about thirty cars provided for that purpose, and propose to pay such rates as may be satisfactory

to you and furnish all the facilities to handle the business promptly. This matter needs attention at once.

THOS. A. SCOTT,

Colonel and Aide-de-Camp.

LOUISVILLE, KY., October 8, 1863-5.30 p.m.

(Received 9.10 p.m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

Army wagons are very much wanted in the front. There are about four hundred wagons that could be sent by turnpike if we had forces as an escort. Can you have the Seventh Indian Cavalry, now at Indianapolis, armed and sent here as an escort to them through? General Boyle has no troops that can be used for the purpose. All our railway equipment will be busy sending supplies forward until equipment of Eastern corps begins to move.

THOS. A. SCOTT,

Colonel, &amp;c.,

LOUISVILLE, KY., October 8, 1863-8 p.m.

(Received 12.05 a.m., 9th.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

Secretary of War:

Passenger train coming in from Lebanon on the branch road was captured by guerrillas and burned. Passengers robbed. We get the information from a brakeman on the train who escaped. He supposed the attacking party to number about 100. New Hope is about 16 miles from the main line, and above Lebanon, where there are large amounts of stores belonging to Burnside's army.

THOS. A. SCOTT,

13 R R-VOL XXX, PT IV

