
LOUISVILLE, KY., October 8, 1863.

Captain ANDERSON:

Rebels captured Lebanon train, burned baggage-car and two passenger-cars, robbed passengers. Richardson, commanding rebels, stated they were scouting party in advance and main force would strike Louisville and Nashville Railroad in morning. I have no force; cannot force be sent to-night from Indianapolis?

J. T. BOYLE,

Brigadier-General.

CINCINNATI, OHIO, October 8, 1863.

Governor O. P. MORTON,

Indianapolis, Ind.:

The rebels have captured the Lebanon train; they will probably strike the Louisville and Nashville Railroad to-morrow. Please order the Seventh Cavalry to report to General Boyle at once. If their arms have not arrived, they will be armed at Louisville.

By command of Major-General Burnside:

W. P. ANDERSON.

Assistant Adjutant-General.

INDIANAPOLIS, October 8, 1863.

W. P. ANDERSON:

Quartermaster reports that Government agent for transporting Eastern troops has possession of all transportation, and he cannot move the Seventh Cavalry for two or three days. Equipments have just arrived and are being distributed; horses are not should, but they will go on as soon as transportation can be had.

W. R. HOLLOWAY,

Private Secretary,

MUNFORDVILLE, October 8, 1863.

Captain A. C. SEMPLE, Louisville:

No rebels have been at Rowlett's Station to-day; none ar advancing. I have no cavalry at this place; have quite a number of horses but no equipments. I have no cavalry force in this vicinity. Have 50 mounted infantry in vicinity of Cave City and Glasgow. Notice has been given to all the posts on the railroad north of this point to look out for rebels.

E. H. HOBSON,

Brigadier-General.

MUNFORDVILLE, October 8, 1863.

Captain SEMPLE, Louisville:

No rebels in Tompkinsville to-day. Learned through railroad agent that train had been burned on Lebanon branch road to-day. I notified my command at all the posts several days since to look out for rebel squads. Is there any possible change for me to get 100 cavalry equipments to mount men at this place?

E. H. HOBSON,

Brigadier-General.

