
LA GRANGE, October 9, 1863.

Major-General HURLBUT:

GENERAL: I have ordered two regiments of infantry and a section of artillery to defend the crossing of Wolf River at Davis' Mills. There is none of our cavalry that I know of in this vicinity excepting the Sixth Illinois, with Colonel Hatch, near Lamar. I am not aware as yet of the strength of the enemy at that point, the wires being cut between here and Memphis. An attack may be made at some point west of this place. I will act according to circumstances when things are more fully developed. I am greatly embarrassed in consequence of being ignorant of the operations of our cavalry, as they seem to think it not necessary to make reports to any one except Colonel Hatch.

T. W. SWEENY,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Memphis, Tenn., October 9, 1863

Brigadier-General SWEENY,

La Grange, Tenn.,:

Keep yourself in communication with Colonel Hatch and report the strength of the enemy. If the cavalry have obeyed orders, they should be on the flank and rear of the enemy this morning.

S. A. HURLBUT,

Major-General

LA GRANGE, October 9, 1863.

Major-General HURLBUT:

Memphis:

GENERAL: I have detained Colonel Spooner's brigade here, leaving one regiment at Moscow, to enable me to move out inn the morning at daylight to attack the enemy, who is in strong force at Salem. I have ordered the Ninth Illinois Mounted Infantry here from Saulsbury. If I can communicate with the Third Michigan Cavalry, I will order them here also. The cavalry will then be all here,i believe, except those with colonel Hatch, who has received instructions to co-operate with Colonel Rice at Davis' Mills, and hold the enemy in check there until I move out.

T. W. SWEENY,

Brigadier-General.

(Copy to Colonel Mersy.)

LA GRANGE, TENN.,

October 9, 1863.

Major-General HURLBUT,

Memphis, Tenn.:

I have just heard from Saulsbury that our forces (Colonel McCrillis' brigade and Colonel Phillips' regiment mounted infantry) who were engaged with the enemy yesterday at Salem had fallen

