
try to destroy him. If you are able you had better at once assume command and carry out the order; if not, dispatch Crook to let McCook know what is going on, and hold them in check or hang on their rear until we can whip them or run them on our infantry, when we can destroy them. I look for Crook's report of their movements in the morning. They must not be allowed to enter the Sequatchie if it is possible to prevent it.

Very respectfully,

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS CHIEF OF CAVALRY, DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND, Island Ferry, October 1, 1863-6.30 p.m.

Brigadier-General GARFIELD,Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: Inclosed please find dispatch from General Crook just received.* I mentioned to him last night the length of time it took his dispatches to come, and he seems to think the delay is caused by Colonel Miller's couriers. Colonel Miller put on a new set of men last night. I ordered the officer in charge to ride the whole of his line to-day and instruct his men carefully. I have now sent for him to report to these headquarters the reason of the inclosed dispatch being so long. I will sift the matter and find out who is to blame. General Mitchell is not much better this evening.

I am, your obedient servant,

WM. H. SINCLAIR,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST CAVALRY DIVISION, DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND, Bridgeport, Ala., October 1, 1863.

Major W. H. SINCLAIR,Assistant Adjutant-General, Cavalry Corps:

I have the honor to inclose, for the information of the general commanding, copy of dispatch received this morning, also copy of order received from department headquarters. I will move this morning to Anderson's, 39 miles distant from here, and endeavor to reach there to-night. I leave all my transportation at this point. Be kind enough to send me an order to Anderson's as soon as you receive this, whether to have my transportation brought forward or not. If we are to remain there any time, I would like to have it in order to get up reports, &amp;c., which we were working on. The Fourth and Sixth Kentucky are left at Caperton's, with orders to co-operate with General Morgan.

Very respectfully,

E. M. McCOOK,

Colonel, Commanding.

---------------

*See September 30, Part III, p.953.

---------------

