
The Second Brigade Cavalry, with the exception of two companies strayed, has arrived (Sixth Tennessee Cavalry at Grand Junction), and part of the Seventh Illinois Cavalry are also here. Communicate with these headquarters during the night if any change takes place in the condition of affairs in front.

By order of T. W. Sweeny, brigadier-general commanding:

L. H. EVERTS,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

What rations, and how much ammunition for the troops do you require?

L. H. EVERTS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,La Grange, Tenn., October 9, 1863.

Colonel L. F. McCRILLIS,

Commanding Second Brigade:

How much of your force is here? Where is the Sixth Tennessee Cavalry? Send two squadrons to Lieutenant Bennett, post quartermaster, to guard supply train to Colonel Rice at Davis' Mills.

By order of Brig. General T. W. Sweeny:

L. H. EVERTS,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

SAULSBURY, October 9, 1863.

Colonel MERSY,

Commanding:

Received order from General Sweeny to report with my command at La Grange immediately. Captain Hawes arrived at this place this morning with a part of my command, and left before my arrival. I ordered him back, but he had not reported yet. Will inform you before I leave this place about his return and non-arrival. If he has reached Pocahontas, please order him back with every available man of the regiment, then to report to me here.

J. J. PHILLIPS,

Lieutenant-Colonel.

CIRCULAR.] HDQRS. SECOND DIV., SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,

La Grange, Tenn., October 9, 1863.

The troops of this post, including the Second Brigade, Second Division, Sixteenth Army Corps, will hold themselves in readiness to move to the front at daybreak to-morrow with five days' rations, two in haversacks and two in wagons; infantry with 40 rounds of ammunition in cartridge-boxes and 20 in wagons; cavalry with 60 rounds of ammunition per man if that amount can properly be taken; and artillery with 200 rounds ammunition per piece. Commanding officers will be held responsible for prompt compliance herewith.

By order of Brig. General T. W. Sweeny, commanding:

L. H. EVERTS,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

