
fifth Illinois, Thirty-fifth Illinois, Eighth Kansas,and Fifteenth Wisconsin).

Brig. General W. B. Hazen, Second Brigade, Third Division, Fourth Army Corps, composed of Second Brigade (except Ninth Indiana, assigned to Third Brigade, First Division, Fourth Army Corps), Second Division, Twenty-first Army Corps (Forty-first Ohio, One hundred and twenty-fourth Ohio, Sixth Kentucky); Third Brigade, Second Division, Twentieth Army Corps (First Ohio, Ninety-third Ohio, Fifth Kentucky, Sixth Indiana), Sixth Ohio Volunteers, and Twenty-third Kentucky Volunteers.

Brig. General Samuel Beatty, Third Brigade, Third Division, Fourth Army Corps, composed of First Brigade, Third Division, Twenty-first Army Corps (Nineteenth Ohio, Seventy-ninth Indiana, Ninth Kentucky, Seventeenth Kentucky), and Second Brigade, Third Division, Twenty-first Army Corps (Eighty-sixth Indiana, Forty-fourth Indiana, Thirteenth Ohio, Fifty-ninth Ohio).

* * * * * *

XIII. The following assignment of batteries to the various divisions of the Fourth Army Corps has been made. Commanders of batteries will report immediately to the chiefs of artillery of the divisions to which they are assigned.

Captain W. E. Standart, Battery B, First Ohio Light Artillery, chief of artillery, First Division, Fourth Army Corps.

Batteries in First Division: Battery M, Fourth U. S. Artillery; Battery H, Fourth U. S. Artillery, and Fifth Indiana Battery.

Captain W. P. Edgarton, Battery E, First Ohio Light Artillery, chief of artillery, Second Division, Fourth Army Corps.

Artillery in division: Battery G, First Missouri Light Artillery, Eleventh Indiana Battery, and Tenth Indiana Battery.

Captain C. Bradley, Sixth Ohio Battery, chief of artillery, Third Division, Fourth Army Corps.

Artillery in division: Twenty-sixth Pennsylvania Battery, Sixth Ohio Battery, and Battery I, Second Illinois Light Artillery.

XIV. Under the reorganization of this army the following assignments are made to the Fourteenth Army Corps. Officers assigned to the command of divisions will report immediately to the corps commander. Commanding officers of existing brigades will report to the commanders of the brigades to which are by these orders detached from their old brigades will report to the commanders will report to the commanders of the new divisions to which their batteries are assigned.

Major General L. H. Rousseau, to command First Division, Fourteenth Army Corps.

Brigadier-General Carlin, First Brigade, First Division, Fourteenth Army Corps, composed of First Brigade, First Division, Fourteenth Army Corps (Thirty-eighth Indiana, Thirty-third Ohio, Second Ohio, Ninety-fourth Ohio, Tenth Wisconsin), and First Brigade, Second Division, Fourteenth Army Corps (Fifteenth Kentucky, Forty-second Indiana, Eighty-eighth Indiana, One hundred and fourth Illinois).

Brig. General J. H. King, Second Brigade, First Division, Fourteenth Army Corps, composed of Third Brigade, First Division, Fourteenth

