
and a regiment out as an escort to a forage train, and with the heavy details for picket duty from all the divisions, it will be almost impossible for me to furnish the detail called for from department headquarters. I have ordered one-half the number to report as required, and respectfully ask that if more men are necessary they be detailed from some other command.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Chattanooga, October 9, 1863.

The detail was a mistake. A corrected order has now been sent requiring you to furnish 700 men, one-half at 7.30 a.m. and one-half at 12 m.

By order:

C. GODDARD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. THIRD BRIG., FOURTH DIV., 14TH ARMY CORPS,Chattanooga, October 9, 1863.

Brig. General J. GARFIELD,

Chief of Staff, Army of the Cumberland:

SIR: In the present reorganization of the army the brigades will be made probably stronger than they are now. The Third Brigade, Fourth Division, Fourteenth Army Corps, which I now command, having about 1,400 men for duty, if a regiment or two are added to it, will come up to the standard required.

My military relations with this brigade having been fairly consolidated on the late battle-field, I respectfully request the general commanding the department to leave it under my command, adding to it if necessary some regiments and transferring us to any division of this army corps as he pleases.

I request it for the good of the service and in justice to myself and my command.

Very respectfully, I am, sir, your obedient servant,

J. B. TURCHIN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD BRIGADE,Outpost Duty, October 9, 1863.

Captain GEORGE LEE,

Asst. Adjt. General, Third Div., Twentieth Army Corps:

CAPTAIN: The pickets report that they have just heard a noise similar to the movements of a battery moving slowly toward our right on the side of the mountain quite low down. The enemy kept a band playing at the same time.

Respectfully, your most obedient servant,

N. H. WALWORTH,

Colonel, Commanding.

