
FORT DUNLAP, October 9, 1863.

Brigadier-General WOOD,

Comdg. First Div., Twenty-first Army Corps:

GENERAL: A column of infantry are moving on the crest of the ridge at unpainted house, east of this fort. The column moved from our right and is now halted at the house, the men standing in line. Just to the right of the house squads of infantry are moving about. At the foot of the ridge just below the headquarters a heavy smoke is rising. At all other points, as well as I am able to judge for the fog and smoke, there has been no change in the appearance of the enemy.

Respectfully,

LUTHER M. DE MOTTE,

Lieutenant and Acting Signal Officer.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Chattanooga, October 9, 1863-10.30 a.m.

Brig. General T. J. WOOD:

The general commanding directs me to say that it is reported one of the members of your staff has stated that Brig. General John Beatty had been relieved from his command for misconduct at the battle of Chickamauga. The general commanding directs that you investigate this matter and [order] the officer that has made such a statement, or any other statement reflecting upon the conduct of General John Beatty in that battle, to report in person at these headquarters.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

[FRANK S. BOND,]

Major and Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Chattanooga, October 9, 1863.

Major General J. M. PALMER:

Your communication of the 8th instant addressed to the Adjutant-General of the Army, tendering the resignation of your commission, has been forwarded by the major-general commanding with the following indorsement:

Respectfully forwarded, wholly disapproving the acceptance of [the resignation of] this prudent, brave, and valuable officer, which would be a serious injury to the service. I also disagree with him in his opinion that the consolidation of the corps implies a censure on the officers and men composing it. I doubt not the War Department will as promptly vindicate the officers and men as I most certainly shall in my report of their fighting in the battle of Chickamauga.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General, Commanding.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. GODDARD,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST BRIGADE, FIRST DIVISION, October 9, 1863.

Major FULLERTON,Assistant Adjutant-General, General Granger's Corps:

Yesterday I directed the batteries of Fort Whitaker to try the enemy, having reason to believe that they had no artillery on Lookout.

