HDQRS. FIRST BRIGADE, FIRST DIVISION CAVALRY, Pump Spring, Ala., October 1, 1863.

Captain JOHN PRATT,Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: I have just received a report from Major Fiddler, who was sent out to Gunter's Landing yesterday morning. He says that he went within 12 miles of Gunter's Landing, and thought it impracticable to go farther, for the reason that the river is fordable it impracticable to go farther, for the reason that the river is fordable at several places; also that the country is full of prowling bands, who are conscripting and pressing horses for the rebel army. He reports a company of Alabamians stationed 3 miles from Larkinsville [our troops] who had a fight with 500 rebels on the 28th of September and were compelled to fall back. The attacking party crossed at Larkins' Ford. From the most reliable information that the major could obtain, Roddey's brigade of rebel cavalry is on the south side of the Tennessee River at Guntersville, scouting and principally foraging on this side.

Major Fidler brought in with his command to Bellefonte 7 prisoners. I am, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

A. P. CAMPBELL,

Colonel, Commanding.

BRIDGEPORT, ALA., October 1, 1863.

Colonel W. COOPER,

Commanding Third Brigade:

The colonel commanding directs that you move immediately from Bellefonte to Caperton's Ferry [Colonel Campbell's old encampment], co-operating with General Morgan at Stevenson and patrolling and picketing as far down the river as Bellefonte, or farther if necessary. Colonel Campbell will move from his encampment to-day.

*		*		*		*		*		*		*

I am, colonel, your very obedient servant,

JNumbers PRATT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND MICHIGAN CAVALRY, Rankin's Ferry, October 1, 1863.

Major SINCLAIR,Assistant Adjutant-General, Cavalry Command:

SIR: All quiet here. A rebel picket on the opposite side of the river. By the appearance of the dust a small column came down the gap from Whiteside's Station yesterday. Our rations for two and a half days to last five arrived last evening. If you will ascertain whether we have mail at Chattanooga and inform us, we shall be obliged.

Respectfully,

L. S. SCRANTON,

Major, Commanding Second Michigan Cavalry.

