
I keep a record of all trains passing (size, guard, &amp;c.); have secured all the undestroyed ammunition; am gathering up harness which is scattered over the county; have caught and sent about 500 mules to Bridgeport, and am daily securing more. Occasionally stray prisoner, but no signs of the enemy near since General Mitchell left. Have an aggregate force (including one section of artillery) of 2,062.

Very respectfully, &c.,

JOHN TILLSON,

Colonel Tenth Illinois Infantry, Commanding.
HDQRS. SECOND BRIG., SECOND DIV., RESERVE CORPS,North Chickamauga, October 9, 1863.

General GARFIELD:

The utmost vigilance will be observed here. My men will all be under arms at 4 a.m. I will send an officer and one trusty man up the river in a canoe, fill the canoe with boughs, and let it float against the opposite shore as a log. The officer will then go on shore and find out everything possible. The night before last I saw large fires upon the eastern end of Mission Ridge, on the slopes toward Chattanooga. To-night it is all dark.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

DANL. McCOOK,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION, RESERVE CORPS,Stevenson, Ala., October 9, 1863.

General R. S. GRANGER,

Commanding Post, Nashville:

By orders from department headquarters I am directed to concentrate my entire command at Anderson's Cross-Roads, on the mountain between this place and Chattanooga. I have ordered the Eighteenth Michigan Infantry to move by railroad to this place forthwith. The Fourteenth Michigan Infantry is ordered to move from Columbia, Tenn., via Lewisburg, Farmington, Shelbyville, and Stevenson. Four companies Tenth Ohio Cavalry at La Vergne are also ordered to move. Please have the Eighteenth Michigan relieved immediately so that they may move at once.

General Hooker's troops are to relieve troops of my command from Bridgeport to Nashville. Please have Lieutenant-Colonel Spaulding relieved immediately to join his regiment.

I am, general, with high esteem, your obedient servant,

JAMES D. MORGAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION, RESERVE CORPS,Stevenson, Ala., October 9, 1863.

Brig. General E. A. PAINE,

Commanding at Gallatin, Tenn.:

By orders from department headquarters I am directed to concentrate my entire command at Anderson's Cross-Roads, Tenn., between

