
this point and Chattanooga. To enable me to comply with this order it will be necessary to have the One hundred and sixth Ohio Infantry relieved. I would therefore respectfully request that you have them relieved as soon as possible. I have sent orders to the commanding officer of the regiment to move immediately on being relieved.

I am, general, with high esteem, your obedient servant,

JAMES D. MORGAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[OCTOBER 9, 1863.]

Colonel GIVEN,

Cowan:

Any news this morning? Is the tunnel all clear?

DANL. BUTTERFIELD,

Major-General.

WARTRACE, October 9, 1863-10.40 p.m.

Colonel GIVEN,

One hundred and second Ohio, Cowan:

The force near you is enemy's cavalry from below. Their object, to break communications. You are expected to hold the bridges and preserve the line intact in your district at the cost of every man of you command; no surrender under any circumstance, and no abandonment of any portion of the road or brigades. The enemy numbers about 800. No artillery, I believe.

DANL. BUTTERFIELD,

Major-General.
HDQRS. SECOND BATTN., SECOND MICHIGAN CAVALRY,Rankin's Ferry, October 9, 1863.

Captain D. G. SWAIM,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Army of the Cumberland:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report the arrival last evening of four companies from Colonel Watkins' command, numbering 1 commissioned officer and 93 enlisted men. I have sent one company to make their headquarters at the Widow Hall's,and ordered 10 men to Kelly's Ferry, and if they find no force there to remain there and patrol the river half way to the Widow Hall's, and meet the patrol daily from there up and report to each other all they may learn. Since my last report to you the river at this point has risen about 5 feet, but is now going down quite rapidly. Not over from 2 1/2 to 3 feet higher than before the rain. All has remained quiet. Pickets of the enemy seen daily on the opposite side.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. P. WELLS,

Captain Second Michigan Cavalry, Comdg. Battalion.

(Similar letter to Major W. H. Sinclair.)

