
Give daily reports of your operations in intrenching and the news you hear. Do not forget the enemy's old dodge of playing possum. Be watchful.

By command of Major-General Rosecrans:

C. GODDARD,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

OCTOBER 9, 1863-6 a.m.

Major-General HOOKER,

Stevenson:

Report from Colonel Galbraith, at Shelbyville, 8th, 9 p.m., states rebels left in full flight, Crook's command pursuing and gaining on them. He had sent in 230 prisoners and three pieces artillery. The prisoners will start for Murfreesborough to-day. The woods in rear of our pieces full of scattered rebels. Enemy gone in direction of Pulaski. Expected Forrest would unite with them there. Expected that ere this General Mitchell had captured Wheeler's train. He was in close pursuit of it toward Columbia. Three hundred killed and wounded rebels. Ours, 60 wounded, 19 killed. I expect to hear again from him shortly. Bridge at Garrison's Fork will be completed in about twenty minutes.

DANL. BUTTERFIELD,

Major-General.

STEVENSON, October 9, 1863-7.30 a.m.

Major-General BUTTERFIELD:

Your dispatches of 8 and 8.45 p.m. received. The advices of Colonel Galbraith appear singularly contradictory. Do not place too much reliance upon them. Yesterday morning he had the enemy completely routed, and last night had our forces in the same category, with the prospect of soon being able to turn the tables on the enemy again. Successes and reverses do not alternate with such rapidity. I hope you counted the 300 prisoners captured by the colonel as reported yesterday morning. The enemy may number 4,000 or 5,000, those half starved and badly wounded. The number of major-generals and brigadier-generals they have along is of no consequence; they are flesh and blood. Under the circumstances it will be advisable for the troops to march as you propose.

JOSEPH HOOKER,

Major-General, Commanding.

MURFREESBOROUGH, October 9, 1863-1.15 p.m.

Major-General HOOKER,

Stevenson:

Your instructions were telegraphed to Major-General Slocum last night at 5. Asked to acknowledge. This a.m. I inquired if he had received them. Have just received reply that they are received. Will establish his headquarters at Wartrace to-morrow. The railroad will be done there in an hour. Shall I put the Eleventh Corps

