
command from the defense of the line of railroad, and, in consequence, to instruct you to send one company of infantry of your corps to Cowan and two companies to Shelbyville to relieve the companies of his division there. The troops will be marched to their positions, cars only being employed to transport their baggage. The general directs that you make requisition on the railroad agent at Stevenson for that purpose.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. H. LAWRENCE,

Major and Aide-de-Camp.

STEVENSON, October 9, 1863.

Major-General BUTTERFIELD:

Copies of foregoing dispatch sent to General Slocum, at Wartrace, by telegraph and mail.

WM. H. LAWRENCE,

Major and Aide-de-Camp.

STEVENSON, October 9, 1863-7 p.m.

Brigadier-General GARFIELD:

A brigade of the Eleventh Corps has been ordered to relieve the troops of General Morgan, between Bridgeport and Tantalon, and the change will be made early in the morning. The Twelfth Corps holds the line of railroad from Tantalon to Murfreesborough. General Morgan has eight companies of the Fourteenth Michigan Mounted Infantry at Columbia and two at Franklin, for which I have made no provision to relieve, those points not being of my command and having no mounted force to send there. The general order contemplates their withdrawal. The telegraphic and railroad communications with Nashville are restored. The latter was opened at 11 a.m. Through trains are looked for to-night. It is reported that our cavalry are continually gaining successes over the raiders. At last accounts they were near Fayetteville. Beef-cattle left here to day for Chattanooga.

JOSEPH HOOKER,

Major-General, Commanding.

STEVENSON, October 9, 1863-8 p.m.

Major-General BUTTERFIELD,

Murfreesborough:

How many troops are there at the Elk River bridge? With the dispositions you have made can 1,000 cavalry be held at bay?

JOSEPH HOOKER,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Chattanooga, October 9, 1863-8.30 p.m.

Major General JOSEPH HOOKER,

Stevenson:

The major-general commanding directs you to instruct General Howard to relieve the Thirty-fourth Illinois Volunteers, now guarding

15 R R-VOL XXX, PT IV

