
pontoons at Battle Creek, by a regiment from his command. When thus relieved the regiment will comply with orders sent it to-day from these headquarters.

C. GODDARD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION, RESERVE CORPS,Stevenson, Ala., October 9, 1863.

Major WILLIAM H. LAWRENCE,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Eleventh and Twelfth Army Corps:

In obedience to orders received this morning from headquarters Eleventh and Twelfth Army Corps, I have the honor to transmit a list of stations and number of troops at each station along the line of railroad (Chattanooga and Nashville) to be relieved.

Bridgeport: One regiment of infantry and one 4-gun battery.

Widow's Creek, 4 miles east of Bridgeport: One company of infantry.

Stevenson: One regiment of infantry, five companies of cavalry, and one 4-gun battery.

From Stevenson 4 miles west guarding five bridges: Three companies of infantry.

Tantalon: Three companies of infantry.

Anderson: Four companies of infantry.

Cowan: One company of Tenth Ohio Cavalry.

Shelbyville: One company of Tenth Ohio Cavalry.

La Vergne: Four companies of Tenth Ohio Cavalry.

Nashville: One regiment of infantry.

Buck Lodge, Nashville and Louisville Railroad: One regiment of infantry.

I will notify all the detachments to concentrate at Anderson's Cross-Roads as soon as relieved. I would respectfully request that Captain Edgarton with his battery be sent back here immediately with orders to join me at Anderson's Cross-Road. Orders have been sent to Colonel Smith at Bridgeport and the One hundred and eighth Ohio Infantry at Stevenson to move at 6 a.m. to-morrow.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES D. MORGAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ELEVENTH AND TWELFTH CORPS,Stevenson, Ala., October 9, 1863.

Mr. J. N. KELLOGG,

Beef Contractor, Army of the Cumberland:

The major-general commanding has received instructions from Major-General Rosecrans to aid him in having supplies of beef furnished this army. You are aware that his force has recently been augmented by about 20,000 men, which you will be required to make immediate provision for. The commissary at this point informs the general that he is expecting a drove of beef-cattle, 300 head, but as they are required by the portion of the army now at Chattanooga they will all be forwarded to-day. This will leave the troops stationed

