
communication with you by the raid. You will see that they require prompt and vigorous action. I would recommend that the portion of the One hundred and fiftieth New York to be at Tullahoma to-night be ordered to move at once to Elk River. That General Knipe's brigade, or such portions of it as can be picked up by rail, be thrown at once to Decherd and Cowan to guard all bridges and approaches; that you take such possession of rail and telegraph communication as will enable you to accomplish this object beyond anything else, and prevent a second break in our communications.

Very respectfully,

DANL. BUTTERFIELD,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

NASHVILLE, October 9, 1863.

Major-General SLOCUM,

Commanding Twelfth Corps:

The officer in command of your regiment here is under the impression that he is to guard the train of the Twelfth Corps instead of the Eleventh Corps. Will you please send me an order by telegraph that he is to guard the transportation of the Eleventh Corps? The train will leave here to-morrow,unless otherwise ordered. Major-General Reynolds has arrived, and his horses will be along with the train. Have requested General Howard to send a detachment to Decherd to meet your detail. Is that satisfactory?

C. W. ASMUSSEN,

Chief of Staff.

MURFREESBOROUGH. (Received 9.30 a.m., October 9, 1863.)

Major-General BUTTERFIELD:

Bridge at Stone's River will be completed about noon to-day. General Slocum is at Nashville. I will telegraph your wishes.

A. S. WILLIAMS,

Brigadier-General.

WARTRACE, October 9, 1863.

General WILLIAMS or WARD:

Bridge completed here. How about Stone's River bridge? Train just starting north. Is General Slocum at Murfreesborough? If so, ask him where I can meet him, there or at Stone's River, by train.

DANL. BUTTERFIELD,

Major-General.

[MURFREESBOROUGH], October 9, 1863.

Major-General SLOCUM,

Nashville:

Bridge at Wartrace finished. Bridge at Stone's River will be done about noon. A train is now coming up from Wartrace. General Butterfield telegraphs that he wishes to meet you here or at Stone's River to-day.

A. S. WILLIAMS,

Brigadier-General.

