HEADQUARTERS ELEVENTH AND TWELFTH CORPS,Stevenson, Ala., October 9, 1863.

Major General O. O. HOWARD,

Commanding at Bridgeport:

GENERAL: I am instructed by the major-general commanding to inform you that Brigadier-General Morgan has been ordered to the front with his entire command, and that on the withdrawal of his troops it will be necessary for your corps to guard the line of railroad in the direction of Nashville as high up as Tantalon. Accordingly he instructs that you give directions for one brigade to march early to-morrow morning to take post at Stevenson, leaving one company on the way at Widow's Creek, 4 miles from Bridgeport, to relieve the company now there. From Stevenson five companies will be detached to guard five bridges along the line of railroad, relieving the companies now on that duty, and three companies will take post at Tullahoma.

As the cars are required for service admitting of no delay, the troops will be marched to their positions. Cars will be furnished to transport the baggage, on your requisition on the railroad agent at Stevenson. The battery now at Stevenson will remain. This change in the disposition of your forces will extend your command along the railroad to Tantalon.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. H. LAWRENCE,

Major, Aide-de-Camp, and Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

STEVENSON, October 9, 1863-3 p.m.

Major-General HOWARD:

A brigade of yours has been ordered to march to this point to-morrow morning rendered necessary by the withdrawal of General Morgan's command from the defense of the railroad. You will receive detailed instructions to-night by orderly.

JOSEPH HOOKER,

Major-General, Commanding.

STEVENSON, October 9, 1863-9 p.m.

Major-General HOWARD,

Bridgeport:

Please have 1,000 men, under your most resolute officers, in readiness to step on the cars, with instructions for 200 of them to get off at the tunnel and the balance at Elk River to assist in the defense of those points against a band of 1,000 rebel raiders. They will be taken to those points at daylight, to return to-morrow. Cars will be at Bridgeport at 10.30 p.m.

JOSEPH HOOKER,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Chattanooga, October 9, 1863.

Major General A. E. BURNSIDE,

Commanding Department of the Ohio:

GENERAL: We have no news from you since the 1st, except an inquiry dated the 4th, asking if the rebel cavalry had really crossed

