
The commanding general will of course keep headquarters informed of all movements of the enemy coming to his knowledge. He will also make such moves with his troops as the protection of the territory intrusted to his charge may require.

The marine fleet will habitually be kept on shore, and only go on their boats when sent for special duty. Details can be made from other forces to accompany them when necessary. The boats for the marine fleet can be used for transportation of troops when required, but habitually they will be kept ready to send them to other points on the river.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Memphis, October 10, 1863.

Major-General HALLECK,

Commander-in-Chief, Washington:

DEAR GENERAL: I start out early in the morning to take the head of my corps, now stretched out as far as Bear Creek. A heavy force of the enemy's cavalry hovers to the south and is going to bother us, not in reaching Athens, but in making this road a safe line of supply.

I have just received your letter of October 1, and assure you of my hearty concurrence in all you say. It has been to us all a source of pleasure to know that such perfect cordiality, social and official, existed among the generals on this line. One noted exception alone, who is disposed of. I hear of jealousies elsewhere and am astonished, as the war is not yet over, and a feeling of common safety and interest should make all harmonize, if not the higher sense of patriotism and duty. Neither McClellan nor Buell ever had a shadow of cause of ill-feeling to an administration or commander-in-chief who lavished on them all that man could ask. I know you had for both great personal friendship and manifested it on many occasions, and they mistake you and are ungrateful, if they attribute to you what thinking men in all times will attribute to their failure to appreciate the situation of the army and the country.

This war might end sooner than it will, but it may be the good of the future requires our people to pass through all the phases of revolution before they are again permitted to enjoy the luxury of peace and safety. When that time comes I believe we will be a better people, and the very ones who provoked war so thoughtlessly will be cured.

I have your telegram saying the President had read my letter and thought it should be published. I have no copy by me, but if I can recall it I think it won't bear publication. Would it not impair my usefulness here? A great many people here and in Louisiana are influenced by men of my shade of opinion. They are full-blooded Southrons, were never disunionists, but were carried into rebellion by the tempest of feeling which their politicians knew so well how to beget and guide. As long as a doubtful contest for supremacy exists between the two races they cannot control their choice; but as soon as we demonstrate equal courage, equal skill, superior resources, and superior tenacity of purpose, they will gradually relax and finally submit to men who profess, like myself, to fight for but

