
go into camp on Clear Creek, about 3 miles from this place, where I will send the other two brigades when they come up. Officers just from Memphis report much forage lost from improper loading of cars.

F. P. BLAIR, Jr.,

Major-General.

LA GRANGE, October 10, 1863.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN:

The regular cavalry that should have reported with the wagon train did not. Companies A and B, Sixteenth Illinois Cavalry, are all that accompanies the train. Your dispatch was received at 2.30 p.m. We start immediately.

MORGAN L. SMITH,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Second Division.
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Iuka Hotel, Miss., October 10, 1863.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN,

Memphis, Tenn.:

GENERAL: Lieutenant-Colonel Gage, the inspector of this division, visiting Memphis on some official business, I improve the occasion of saying a word on the artillery of my command. As you will know, it consists:

First Missouri Horse Artillery, Captain Landgraeber, four 12-pounder howitzers (one section badly used); First Iowa Light Artillery, Captain Griffiths, two 12-pounder howitzers (pretty good) and two 6-pounder guns; Fourth Ohio Battery, Captain Froehlich, two 20-pounder Parrotts (new); two 3-inch James rifles (unserviceable); two 12-pounder howitzers (badly used).

While I was at Corinth I saw a battery splendidly fitted out, four 3-inch wrought-iron, and two 12-pounder Napoleons, and it struck me that if this Corinth battery was not destined to take the field at once the transfer of the above material to my command would increase the efficiency of my artillery very much. In that case I would propose to give up all the guns of Griffiths' battery and arm it with the four 3-inch wrought-iron pieces and exchange the worthless James rifled guns of Froehlich's battery for the two Napoleons.

The armament of the artillery would be then as follows: First Missouri Horse Artillery, four howitzers; First Iowa Battery, four 3-inch rifles; Fourth Ohio Battery, two howitzers, two Napoleons, two 20-pounder Parrotts. Total, six 12-pounder howitzers, four 3-inch rifles, two Napoleons, and two 20-pounder Parrotts.

To transfer the Corinth battery in toto is not very practicable, as I understood General Carr to say that most of the men forming it were detailed from infantry regiments. All the infantry of my division have new guns of caliber .58, with the exception of ten pieces in the Thirtieth Iowa, but I hope that Colonel Gage will succeed in getting them exchanged.

I leave the above suggestions to your kind consideration, and remain, general, with great respect, your most obedient servant,

P. J. OSTERHAUS,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.

