HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Iuka, Miss., October 10, 1863.

Captain R. M. SAWYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Fifteenth Army Corps:

CAPTAIN: At 2 o'clock p.m. I occupied with my command this place. There was no opposition on the part of the enemy. A squad of 7 mounted men we found stationed on the Eastport road, but they skedaddle before my picket; all trestle-works and bridges hence eastward are still burning; they were destroyed by three companies of Forrest's cavalry, who left yesterday for Tuscumbia, Ala., where the headquarters of the regiment are. I am informed by a deserter, whom I will send in by the next train, that only one company of cavalry was at Tuscumbia when he left yesterday morning, and that he saw no other troops. The road from Corinth to Iuka is rather rough and utterly out of repair. My pioneers had to work all along, which delayed my march considerably.

I intend making an expedition to Brear Creek to-morrow early and report at once on my return; the trip to Eastport I postpone to next day.

The railroad will be repaired to a point 4 miles west of here, and by Monday morning I have the promise of the cars at this depot.

I am, &amp;c.,

P. J. OSTERHAUS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Iuka, Miss., October 10, 1863.

Brigadier-General MATTHIES,

Commanding Post, Bensonville, Miss.:

GENERAL: In marching to this place found that the road between Little Yellow Creek and Bensonville was in very bad condition. I repaired it while marching sufficiently for my command to pass; other troops, however, following, will find considerable difficulty, and I would respectfully suggest that you send on a party to put the road in good condition, particularly at Little Yellow Creek, and at the first----east of the creek. Such repairs, if you have the opportunity of making them, will be of great benefit to all troops marching in this direction.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. J. OSTERHAUS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

LA GRANGE, October 10, 1863.

Major-General SHERMAN:

General Morgan L. Smith stopped here last night with one brigade of his division. Said he had orders to report here and seemed anxious to co-operate with me, but being his junior I didn't see how it could be done.

The enemy are at Salem, probably 6,000 strong with artillery and infantry, commanded by Lee or Ruggles, with Joe Johnson as general manager. They have their camp and garrison equipage with them, and a long wagon train. I am only waiting to have our cavalry organized to move out to attack them. Will be able to start at daybreak to-morrow. If a force could be thrown out from Corinth

