
The general commanding directs you to dispute his advance stoutly if he attempts to cross this way, and if he starts across the mountain, follow him with the utmost vigor, and cut him to pieces. Report frequently, and we will have the rebel force met at all points where they approach our communications. It is a favorable opportunity to destroy this cavalry raid. Use every effort to effect it.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. A. GARFIELD,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

P. S.-Colonel Dan. McCook's infantry brigade, stationed at the mouth of North Chickamauga, is the one referred to above, and has been directed to receive orders from you, if necessary.

J. A. GARFIELD,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND CAVALRY DIVISION, At Mrs. Hart's, on Walden's Ridge, Tenn., October 1, 1863-8 p.m. [Received 10 a.m., 2nd .]

Major W. H. SINCLAIR,Assistant Adjutant-General:

MAJOR: I have the honor to report myself here; will have all my troops concentrated at this place by morning. The enemy's rear passed this place at 12 m. to-day. I shall pursue them at daylight in the morning, and expect to overtake their rear to-morrow. From what information I can get, they have gone in the direction of McMinnville. I'll follow them until I come up with them, if I have to go to Nashville. They have quite a large party wearing our uniform, which captured my pickets at Smith's Cross-Roads this morning. You will please inform General Rosecrans of this, so our forces on the railroad may be informed.

The Fourth Ohio passed down the mountain to-day on their way to Sale Creek. I will send word to Colonel Robie, commanding the Fourth, to report to you what he has seen since his separation from the command. Inclosed please find dispatch* from Colonel Minty. I do not know where this infantry was seen. My impression is that it was mounted infantry. I think it advisable to re-enforce General Spears with some of Colonel Daniel McCook's brigade. I will keep you advised from time to time of my movement, and that of the enemy.

I understand the rebels fear this rain will interfere with their arrangements. In anticipation of General Mitchell moving, I will hereafter send my dispatches direct to General Garfield.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEORGE CROOK,

Brigadier-General.

HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND, Chattanooga, October 1, 1863.

Major General JOSEPH HOOKER:

The major-general commanding directs you to select, from the pontoons and lumber at Bridgeport, sufficient materials for one bridge

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

