HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Chattanooga, October 10, 1863.

Colonel J. A. HARDIE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Washington, D. C.:

General Granger will soon make his selection of corps staff. I hope he will make Lodor chief of staff. Lodor and Mendenhall well deserve every consideration that can be extended to them. Lieutenant-Colonel Kniffin is retained to assist Lieutenant-Colonel Simmons.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Chattanooga, October 10, 1863.

Colonel THOMAS A. SCOTT,

Louisville, Ky.:

My movements are uncertain. I cannot now appoint a time to be in Louisville. The greatest exertions should be used to get forward the trains of the troops, which are following them from the East. Late losses embarrass this army, which needs supplies to keep it movable. Its horses are becoming unserviceable; some have starved to death.

M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, D. C., October 10, 1863-8.35 p.m.

Colonel THOMAS A. SCOTT,

Louisville:

The following dispatch has been received from Colonel Innes, at Nashville:

NASHVILLE, October 10, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel JAMES A. HARDIE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Dispatch just received. Some time latter part of August I was directed by general commanding department to purchase immediately four locomotives for use of roads in this department, and subsequently a further order to purchase more if I thought necessary. I accordingly desired the quartermaster of military railroads to contract for them, which he did, after receiving many propositions, with Norris &amp; Son for eight engines, four to be delivered on or before 1st December, the balance soon as possible. One of these engines is now between Philadelphia and Louisville; the other is about ready to start. The order having been given by the general commanding, through his quartermaster, the order to rescind the contract will, I suppose,be given by the commanding general upon receipt of your telegram. It is out of my hands entirely. Let me say that we need the engines in this department as soon as the can be gotten here.

Respectfully,

WM. P. INNES,

Colonel and Military Superintendent.

Colonel Innes has been informed that the locomotives he mentions may be delivered, and that it is not the intention of the Department to rescind the contract.

By order of the Secretary of War:

JAS. A. HARDIE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

