
1,000 cavalry and artillery horses, in addition to the 1,000 previously ordered, and to hold them until he learns that the road is open for them. Advise him where to ship and when.

M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General.

NASHVILLE, October 10, 1863.

Brig. General J. A. GARFIELD, Chief of Staff:

I am pushing forward cattle by land and railroad; shipped 200 to-day by railroad; am sending other stores also. Will start from here on Monday for front. Lieutenant Colonel G. W. Burton, commissary of subsistence, and Captain Baker, commissary of subsistence,will represent me in absence.

S. SIMMONS,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Commissary of Subsistence.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Chattanooga, October 10, 1863.

Colonel SANDERSON:

The major-general commanding directs that you proceed to the lines of the enemy this morning at 11 o'clock, with a flag of truce, for the purpose of procuring the remains of the late Brigadier-General Lytle. You will be accompanied by Lieutenant-Colonel Ward, Tenth Ohio Volunteers.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. McMICHAEL,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Copy to Lieutenant-Colonel Ward.)

FORT WOOD, October 10, 1863-11 a.m.

Captain MERRILL:

Long column of troops moving toward our front from foot of hill east of here. A general and staff at their head.

PUTNAM.

[Indorsement.]

Major General W. S. ROSECRANS:

These troops are marching by the flank. What was supposed to be a brigade came down side of Missionary Ridge, near the house known as headquarters. About a regiment came down the side of the ridge near where rebel signal station was, and disappeared in timber at foot of ridge.

MERRILL.

SIGNAL STATION No. 1,

Cameron's Hill, October 10, 1863.

Captain MERRILL:

Very heavy columns of smoke at Rossville, with a small column in gap behind that place. Also heavy smoke southeast at foot of ridge, and a small column in woods 20 degrees north of east, about 2 miles distant.

HOWGATE,

Lieutenant and Acting Signal Officer.

