
more valuable to the country in Congress than with us. Reluctantly yielding to this consideration, the general commanding relieves him from duty as chief of staff. In doing so he returns his thanks to General Garfield for the invaluable assistance he has rendered him by wise councils and assiduous labors, as well as for his gallantry, good judgment, and efficiency at the battle of Chickamauga.

Major General J. J. Reynolds, U. S. Volunteers, is announced as chief of staff.

II. Brig. General W. F. Smith being the senior officer of his corps in this department, is announced as chief engineer. All troops on engineer duty and all engineering operations will be under his professional control.

The two regiments of U. S. colored troops will report to General Smith for engineer duty and be subject to his orders.

The general commanding thanks Brig. General J. St. C. Morton for the zeal and energy he has always displayed in the discharge of the duties of chief engineer, from which he is now relieved by a senior officer of his corps, to whom he will report for duty and orders.

III. The reorganization of the artillery arm requires the services of additional officers of rank for its efficient management. Brig. General J. M. Brannan is therefore assigned to duty at these headquarters as chief of artillery. Colonel James Barnett, First Ohio Artillery, will report to him for duty. The general commanding takes occasion to express his appreciation of the efficient services of Colonel Barnett, who has at all times performed the duties of his office with ability and to his entire satisfaction.

By command of Major-General Rosecrans:

C. GODDARD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND,

No. 270. Chattanooga, Tenn., October 10, 1863.

* * * * * * *

XI. Special Field Orders, No. 269, Paragraph XIV, is so far amended as to number the division commanded by Brig. General J. C. Davis, the Second Division, Fourteenth Army Corps, and that commanded by General Baird, the Third Division, Fourteenth Army Corps.

* * * * * * *

By command of Major-General Rosecrans:

HENRY M. CIST,

Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR.] HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,

Chattanooga, Tenn., October 10, 1863.

All officers are cautioned against furnishing copies of the organization of the army to unauthorized persons. No newspaper correspondent, or other unauthorized person will be permitted to take memoranda of the organization of the various brigades, divisions,

