HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-FIRST ARMY CORPS,Chattanooga, October 10, 1863.

Brigadier-General GARFIELD,

Chief of Staff:

SIR: I have the honor to request that my escort be permitted to accompany me to Stevenson, or to whatever point I may find it most expedient to take the cars en route to Nashville.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. L. CRITTENDEN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Chattanooga, October 10, 1863.

Major-General CRITTENDEN:

Your two communications of this date are received. Your escort will accompany you to Stevenson or Bridgeport, and thence report to these headquarters.

The general commanding regrets that orders from War Department place it beyond his power to grant your request in regard to Captain Oldershaw, assistant adjutant-general, but he will take pleasure in approving any request that you make in regard to him to the War Department. In the meantime, Captain Oldershaw will report for duty in the adjutant-general's office at these headquarters.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. A. GARFIELD,

Brigadier-General, Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-FIRST ARMY CORPS,Chattanooga, Tenn., October 10, 1863.

To the Officers and Soldiers of the Twenty-first Army Corps:

The general commanding announces with sorrow that the name of this corps has been stricken from the arm rolls, and that he has been removed from duty and ordered to report to Indianapolis, that his conduct in the late battle of Chickamauga may be investigated.

The general commanding regrets the separation from his command, not the investigation.

Investigation! The closest scrutiny, however it may affect him, can only brighten your fame. Your deeds at Chickamauga, as at Stone's River, will hand down to posterity your honored names. You have honored me. The mighty hand of the Twenty-first Army Corps had graven the name of its commander on famous pages of the past, and the slanderer's tongue cannot revoke the past.

Future honors await you. May God's blessing attend you.

T. L. CRITTENDEN,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY CORPS,

No. 1. Chattanooga, Tenn., October 10, 1863.

I. By direction of the President of the United States, and in accordance with General Orders, No. 228, current series, Department of the Cumberland,the undersigned assumes command of the Fourth Army Corps.

