
II. Being unexpectedly assigned to the command of troops so deservedly distinguished for bravery, endurance, and discipline, upon the battle field or wherever duty has called, this is a proper occasion for me to say that I am proud to be with you and identified with such gallant defenders of the cause so dear to American people. Let there be unity of sentiment, concert and harmony of action among us until this accursed rebellion is crushed and the noble Army of the Cumberland rests its flanks, the right upon the Gulf of Mexico, the left upon the Atlantic Ocean.

The following staff officers are hereby announced. They will act until a permanent organization to the staff is effected:

Major J. S. Fullerton, assistant adjutant-general.

Captain H. C. Ransom, chief quartermaster.

Captain D. Remick, chief commissary.

Captain J. Gordon Taylor, aide-de-camp.

Lieutenant T. G. Beaham, aide-de-camp.

Reports will be made and business transacted through the above-named officers in accordance with existing orders and regulations.

G. GRANGER,

Major-General, Commanding.

JASPER, October 10, 1863-7 p.m.

Colonel MACKAY,

Quartermaster:

I arrived at this place with General Palmer's supply train at noon this day. No trouble thus far.

F. L. NEFF,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Thirty-first Indiana.
HDQRS. FIRST BRIG., FIRST DIV., GRANGER'S CORPS,Fort Whitaker, October 10, 1863.

Major FULLERTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Last night there were fires on the east and west sides of Lookout, dotting it thickly. There was considerable noise and great barking of dogs up Lookout Valley; from sound it was inferred troops were moving. Nothing could be seen. Lookout Valley is finely constructed for secret moving of troops. A knoll in front conceals the valley from observation on this side, while a second range of hills, classifying them by size, separates the valley immediately under Raccoon range, running parallel with the river, opening upon it by gaps, as at Williams' Ferry and other places, until they terminate about Williams' Island. Behind that little range of hills there were great barking of dogs and noise last night. The river front of my command must be some 6 or 8 miles. I went down as far as where the Pioneer Corps are stationed making the road between the mountain and the river, just above where the enemy fired on our train, day before yesterday.

Strange to say, at half past 10 o'clock at night, 6 of us, mounted on horseback, rode into their midst without being challenged by any sentinel, and we could not find a picket post or guard on this side up the river; they were most grossly and negligently exposed. They were under shelter tents,and had good bright fires visible for a considerable distance. This camp is about 5 miles below my headquarters, as near as I can judge.

