
sent from here, I have organized about 1,100 convalescents and detached squads of men now waiting at this post an opportunity to join their regiments in front. These last and the convalescents who are fit for field service, I can relieve before I will have an opportunity to send them to the front, by detachments now absent.

The command here has been worked very hard, the men being on guard every other night; but I an happy to say the men have done their duty well and cheerfully.

I am, colonel, your very obedient servant,

R. S. GRANGER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

SIGNAL STATION,

Fort Dunlap, October 10, 1863-12 m.

General WOOD:

There are columns of smoke rising in enemy's camp on our right. The brigade heretofore encamped at debris of stone fence to left of Bald Knob, moved a little farther to the left; their tents, however, remain at old camp. I think they have gone to work on line of rifle-pits to left of abandoned fortifications. A small column of infantry moved down ridge to right of heavy gun.

L. M. DE MOTTE,

Signal Officer.

OCTOBER 10, 1863-12.30 p.m.

General WOOD:

To the right of earth-works where heavy gun was fired the enemy have constructed since I was at this fort on the 8th instant, earthworks. Only one embrasure is completed; a gun is there in position. The work is on a line and same distance to the right of work where heavy gun is, and was on 8th a mere line of rifle-pits.

L. M. DE MOTTE,

Signal Officer.

CHATTANOOGA, October 10, 1863.

Brigadier-General MORGAN:

Information received to-day leads the general commanding to think it possible that the enemy's cavalry have divided into squads and will attempt to cross the river at various points. He directs you to be on the lookout for them at Anderson's Cross-Roads and vicinity.

C. GODDARD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION, RESERVE CORPS,Stevenson, Ala., October 10, 1863.

Major FULLERTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General, District Headquarters:

In accordance with the foregoing order the Sixteenth Illinois Infantry and Beebe's battery left Bridgeport this morning for Anderson's

