
Cross-Roads; also One hundred and eighth Ohio Infantry and two sections of Edgarton's battery (the other section being there already) for same point.

The Eightieth Illinois Infantry is being relieved on the line of railroad to-day by General Hooker's troops, and will move to same point to-morrow or day after. Orders have been issued to Fourteenth Michigan Infantry at Columbia to move immediately on receipt of order to Anderson's Cross-Road, moving via Lewisburg, Farmington, Shelbyville,and Stevenson. The Eighteenth Michigan Infantry and One hundred and sixth Ohio Infantry are to move as soon as relieved by railroad to Stevenson and from there to Anderson's Cross-Roads by wagon road. The different detachments of Tenth Ohio Cavalry stationed along the line of railroad are ordered to same point. The Thirty-fourth Illinois Infantry is guarding pontoon bridge at Battle Creek.

I shall order the Third [Ohio] Infantry back to Battle Creek to remain with pontoon train. I will move with division headquarters and five companies Tenth Ohio Cavalry to-morrow morning early.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES D. MORGAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

CHATTANOOGA, October 10, 18763-9.30 p.m.

General J. D. MORGAN:

The general commanding directs that instead of proceeding to Anderson's Cross-Roads you move with the portion of your command now on the line of railroad to Battle Creek, at which place you will establish your headquarters. The Thirty-fourth Illinois, now at that place, will be ordered to report to you for duty until further orders. Colonel Tillson will remain at Anderson's Cross-Roads, and will receive instructions from the general commanding. The One hundred and eighth Ohio will accompany your command. The Fourteenth Michigan and One hundred and sixth Ohio will remain for the present where they now are. Arrived at Battle Creek you will place a sufficient guard to protect the pontoons at that point and send parties to repair the roads to Jasper and beyond. Detailed instructions will be sent you by courier to Battle Creek.

C. GODDARD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Chattanooga, October 10, 1863.

Brig. General J. D. MORGAN:

Instructions have just been sent you by telegraph directing you to establish your headquarters at Battle Creek instead of Anderson's Cross-Roads as previously ordered.

The general commanding directs you to place a sufficient guard at that point to protect the pontoons and watch the crossings of the river; with the remainder of your force you will proceed to repair the road thence to Jasper and beyond. This work must be thoroughly done and the road put in the best possible condition. Divide

17 R R-VOL XXX, PT IV

