
your force into squads and so apportion the work as to expedite it as much as possible. Select an officer from your command who has some knowledge of engineering and send him to the crossing of the Sequatchie River to make estimates for the necessary timber to rebuilding the bridge at that place. This timber you will have cut and prepare on the ground for rebuilding the bridge. The road at present in use crosses the river at Kelley's Mill by a ford below the dam at that point. By rebuilding the bridge the main road which crosses above some distance can be saved and the bad narrow road by Kelley's Mill avoided. Colonel Tillson has been directed to remain at Anderson's Cross-Roads and repair the road in that vicinity. A copy of the orders sent him is inclosed for your information.* Report your progress and anything else of interest daily by courier to these headquarters.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. GODDARD,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Anderson's Cross-Roads, October 10, 1863.

Major McMICHAEL,

Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. Dept. of the Cumberland:

MAJOR:On examining the road yesterday I found at the gulch a very had descending hill. Work there would facilitate transit of trains and save much breakage; it requires some corduroy and some macadamizing. Had I tools I would station two or three companies there with this object, and respectfully suggest that the Twenty-first Kentucky Infantry, which is no longer needed here, be withdrawn to that point.

I omitted to state in last report my estimate of the slaughter of mules by the rebels. Some 250 carcasses have been burned; perhaps 100 more are scattered over the country; have been obliged to kill several.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

JOHN TILLSON,

Colonel Tenth Illinois Infantry, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Chattanooga, October 10, 1863.

Colonel JOHN TILLSON,

Tenth Illinois Volunteers, Anderson's Cross-Roads:

Your communication of this date is at hand. The general commanding heartily approves your suggestion in regard to the repair of the road. He directs you to commence the work at once, using all the tools you can collect from your regiment and sending at once to Bridgeport or Stevenson for any additional ones required. The Twenty-first Kentucky Volunteers are ordered to report to you for temporary duty. The order accompanies this letter. In sending parties to repair the road do not neglect the sufficient protection of the point at which you are posted. Use the labor to the best possible advantage so as to push the repairs as rapidly as possible.

---------------

*See last communication on this page.

---------------

