HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND, Chattanooga, October 1, 1863-10.15 p.m.

General BURNSIDE:

Your four dispatches of yesterday afternoon received; also seven this evening. Enemy's cavalry have crossed near Washington. No news from ours since noon to-day, near Smith's Cross-Roads. Your programme did not arrive. Your cavalry ought to have joined ours. Hope you will open communication with us soon on west side of river. Crittenden's dispatch was in error. Enemy on our front heavy. Cavalry raid reported, by Guntersville and Fayetteville, and the one by Washington; probably aiming to cross to McMinnville and destroy our road. Can't you close toward us?

ROSECRANS.

BULL'S GAP, October 1, 1863.

General BURNSIDE:

I have just met Mr. Baker, a railroad conductor, with whom I am acquainted. He escaped from the rebels yesterday morning at Jonesborough. He says that their mounted force consists of about 2,000 men, although they estimate it at 3,500. Their infantry force is nine regiments, one of which was sent back to Salt-Works, one to Bristol, and one to Zollicoffer. Major-General Jones is in command. Williams commands the cavalry; Ransom, Jackson, and Corse the infantry. Yesterday nearly all their cavalry force and Wharton's brigade of infantry were 10 miles this side of Jonesborough. Thomas' Legion of infantry and one squadron of mounted infantry left Bristol some days since, and were moving on the main stage road leading to Rogersville and Kingsport. The pickets of the Second Ohio Cavalry at Greenville were attacked and driven in at 1 p.m. to-day. I know nothing more than this, but will notify you as soon as I obtain any reliable information.

Four men who were cut off from a picket-post bring the news. I have nothing direct from Lieutenant-Colonel Purington.

From the information brought me by Mr. Baker, I think I can, with one or two additional regiments, maintain my position against them and whip them.

JAS. P. T. CARTER,Colonel, Commanding.

SAINT LOUIS, October 1, 1863. [Received 12 m.]

Major General H. W. HALLECK:

The quartermaster at Cairo telegraphed me that six locomotives were to arrive at that place, and wanted assistance in landing them and trucks to transport them by rail to Louisville. This is all the information I have. Presume they came from Columbus.

ROBERT ALLEN,

Chief Quartermaster.

