
that before my command could reach here. At McMinnville this column divided; one under Wheeler moved in the direction of Shelbyville, and that under Forrest, in the direction of Murfreesborough. After the destruction of Stone's River bridge they made for Unionville, followed by Mitchell. Wheeler's column was followed by Crook, re-enforced by Lowe, Fifth Iowa, and all followed in the pursuit in the direction of Fayetteville, our forces all the time engaged successfully with high hopes of destroying their entire forces. The last news from this column was night before last. I place full reliance in the above, except as it regards the number of the enemy and of Forrest's presence. I think the whole column did not exceed 4,000, and all under Wheeler.

With regard to what is called Roddey's command, I know that it numbers not less than 1,000 men; that they encamped about 1 1/2 miles from the tunnel last night, and I have had 500 infantry after them to-day, but were not able ot come up with them. I feel strong at all the vulnerable points on the road. No knowing the direction of their movement, I have enjoined vigilance on the part of all. This column is without artillery.

JOSEPH HOOKER,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Chattanooga, October 10, 1863-9.45 p.m.

Major-General HOOKER,

Stevenson:

The general commanding directs me to ask in what direction is it supposed that Roddey's force moved.

FRANK S. BOND,

Major and Aide-de-Camp.

STEVENSON, October 10, 1863-10 p.m.

FRANK S. BOND,

Aide-de-Camp, Chattanooga:

Dispatch of to-day received. I am not informed of the direction Roddey's force took. It is the impression of General Butterfield that they will attempt to form a junction with Wheeler's command.

JOSEPH HOOKER,

Major-General, Commanding.

STEVENSON, October 10, 1863.

Lieutenant-Colonel GODDARD,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

General Michell has just reported to me one division of his force at Flint River, the other at Winchester, much jaded; states he has driven enemy across Tennessee, capturing in all over 1,000 prisoners and five pieces of artillery. Forty-one wagons of Captain Craig's train laden with forage is just about starting for Chattanooga.

JOSEPH HOOKER,

Major-General.

