
to me in the interview which I had with you yesterday. I would respectfully remark that the inclosed paper is signed by all the officers of the regiment who are present.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM R. BROWN,

Colonel 168th Regiment New York Volunteers.

P. S.-I would have sent you this sooner, but from the delay in getting the papers signed, caused by the absence of some of the officers on picket duty.

W. R. B.

[Inclosure.]
HDQRS. 168TH REGIMENT NEW YORK VOLUNTEERS,Camp at Bridgeport, Ala., October 9, 1863.

We, the undersigned officers of the One hundred and sixty-eighth Regiment New York Volunteers, having heard from Major-General Howard that expressions disloyal in their nature and tendency have been reported to him as having been expressed by one or more of the officers of the regiment, do hereby repel with indignity such allegations, and at the same time take this opportunity of expressing our devotion to the Government of the United States, and reiterate every word of the oath we severally took upon our muster into the service, and are ready and willing to do our duty under any and every emergency:

William R. Brown, colonel One hundred and sixty-eighth Regiment New York Volunteers; William M. Hathaway, first lieutenant, adjutant, One hundred and sixty-eighth Regiment New York Volunteers; James R. Chase, first lieutenant Company G, One hundred and sixty-eighth Regiment New York Volunteers; James C. Rennison, Company I, One hundred and sixty-eighth Regiment New York Volunteers; William D. Dickey (Republican), Company I, One hundred and sixty-eighth Regiment New York Volunteers; Daniel Low, jr., second lieutenant Company I, One hundred and sixty-eighth Regiment New York Volunteers; Daniel Torbush, Company B, One hundred and sixty-eighth Regiment New York Volunteers; Oliver Taylor, Company B, One hundred and sixty-eighth Regiment New York Volunteers; Issac N. Morehouse, Company B, One hundred and sixty-eighth Regiment New York Volunteers; James H. Anderson (Republican), captain Company C, One hundred and sixty-eighth Regiment New York Volunteers; James H. Sarles, first lieutenant Company E, One hundred and sixty-eighth Regiment New York Volunteers; Captain Bennett Gilbert, Company E, One hundred and sixty-eighth Regiment New York Volunteers; Lieutenant A. J. Gilbert, Company E, One hundred and sixty-eighth Regiment New York Volunteers; Lieutenant J. K. R. Oakley (Republican), Company C, One hundred and sixty-eighth Regiment New York Volunteers; Lieutenant Lester Genung, Company C, One hundred and sixty-eighth Regiment New York Volunteers; Captain Samuel Hunter (Republican), Company G, One hundred and sixty-eighth Regiment New York Volunteers; Captain William H. Terwilliger, Company A, One hundred and sixty-eighth Regiment New York Volunteers; Lieutenant A. Ferguson, Company D, One hundred and sixty-eighth Regiment New York Volunteers; Lieutenant L. Brennan, Company F, One hundred and sixty-eighth Regiment New York

