
WASHINGTON, D. C., October 2, 1863-12 m.

Major-General GRANT,

Vicksburg:

Brigadier-General Sanborn will be ordered to report for duty to Major-General Schofield at Saint Louis.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

CAIRO, ILL., October 2, 1863. [Received 9,25 a.m., 3rd.]

ColonelJ. C. KELTON,

Assistant-Adjutant-General:

I have just arrived here with the dispatches of General Grant, dated Vicksburg, 25th; delayed by difficulties and accidents of navigation. Can give the present distribution of our forces. Shall wait dispatches for the general.

J. H. WILSON,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Inspector-General.

GOODRICH'S LANDING, LA., October 2, 1863.

Major General U. S. GRANT,

Comdg. Dept.of the Tennessee, Vicksburg, Miss.:

GENERAL: The time is approaching when the plantations on this side of the river held by the Government will have to be re-leased. It is important that the two cuts, one at Lake Providence [the most important] and the other known as the Bissell cut, should be filled up, as otherwise a large district of country will, on the next rise of the river, be overflowed, including not only the Government plantations, but also that part of the parish over which the railroad running from opposite Vicksburg passes.

As I have no funds at my command to do this work, I request that you will authorize the stationing of some one of the negro regiments now at this place at Lake Providence, as well to fill up that cut as to give protection to lessees of plantations in that neighborhood in gathering their corps. It is estimated that 500 men will complete the work in ten days after they shall have fairly commenced. If this is done, I request that the necessary spades, wheelbarrows, gang planks, and other utensils be furnished. After the completion of the work at Lake Providence, the same body of men can be taken to the Bissell cut.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

[First indorsement.]
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI, In the Field, Chattanooga, Tenn., October 30, 1863.

Respectfully referred to Major General W. T. Sherman, commanding the Department of the Tennessee.

By order of Major-General Grant:

ELY S. PARKER,Assistant Adjutant-General.

