
to this point. Get some reliable citizen to investigate the rumor fully. Have everything in readiness to act as emergency may require. Keep me posted.

E. H. HOBSON,

Brigadier-General.

MUNFORDVILLE, October 10, 1863.

Major MARTIN,

Glasgow:

If rebels in small force approach Glasgow you will have no trouble in whipping them. The railroad at present must be protected. Artillery cannot be moved from this place at present. Keep your scouting parties out, and have an understanding that they are to give you information by courier. If you were to fight the enemy from the houses they would burn them, and be justified in so doing. Act according to instructions in former dispatch.

E. H. HOBSON,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST BRIGADE, FOURTH DIVISION,Post Oak Springs, Tenn., October 10, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel LEWIS RICHMOND,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I have the honor to report to you that all is quiet in this vicinity. I can hear nothing of the whereabouts of the enemy. I inclose you a report of the officer commanding the pickets on the river. Please send me a commissary of musters to muster the First East Tennessee and others. My men are also suffering for want of shoes and other articles of clothing.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

R. K. BYRD,

Colonel, Commanding.

[Inclosure.]

COTTON FORD, October 9, 1863.

Colonel BYRD:

SIR: I arrived this morning at daylight. I picketed the fords as you directed. The river,however, is so high that there is no possibility of the enemy's fording it without boats. I should like to have you send me 20 more men on account of being obliged to send a courier every day. It will be necessary for me to have more men.

General Spears' headquarters are at Rocky Creek.

Your obedient servant,

W. C. STOCKTON,

Captain Company K, Eighth Michigan Cavalry.
HDQRS. FIRST BRIG., FOURTH DIV., 23rd ARMY CORPS,Post Oak Springs, Tenn., October 10, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel LEWIS RICHMOND,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of the Ohio:

COLONEL: Inclosed I forward to you a dispatch just received from General Spears. It was received too late to open communication on

