
the day proposed, but I have made arrangements to have daily communication with him after the 13th instant, by having couriers meet at Washington at 1 o'clock p.m. each day. I have no news to give you whatever, except what is contained in the inclosed dispatch.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

R. K. BYRD,

Colonel, Commanding.

[Inclosure.]
HDQRS. THIRD BRIG., THIRD DIV., RESERVE CORPS,Sale Creek, Tenn., October 8, 1863-6 p.m.

Captain J. W. BRONSON,

Commanding Scouts:

I am put in receipt of your dispatch of 7th instant, and am directed by Brigadier-General Spears to inform you that he has no reliable information as to the whereabouts of the enemy mentioned by you, and cannot tell what they are doing. On the south side of the river at Blythe's Ferry and Dougherty's Ferry there are a few pickets, whether force to any considerable extent exists is unknown, but it is believed that the enemy is not in heavy force. Some of the prominent rebel citizens are reported as moving southward. As to the troops (rebel) who made the raid to McMinnville no reliable information has been received here as to their whereabouts or what they are doing. Crook, Mitchell, Minty, and Wilder are said to be pursuing them, but with what success there is no official information received here. On yesterday a small scout was sent from this command to Suee Ferry, 1 1/2 miles above Washington,and a reconnaissance made down the river to Blythe's Ferry, but no enemy discovered on either side of the river. The ford near Cotton Port is reported as fordable on horseback. No enemy are known to have crossed the Tennessee River since the force under Wheeler that proceeded across the mountain to McMinnville, alluded to. On to-morrow morning I shall send out a scouting party of cavalry to scout the country up the valley above Washington and shall establish communication with the command of Colonel Byrd. The general desires all the information that can be given by Colonel Byrd in relation to the enemy and other circumstances connected therewith, which he may be able to, and condition of Federal forces above.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. C. TREWHITT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

P. S.-The general commanding directs me to say to you that he desires to open correspondence and communication with the command of Colonel Byrd, the point of meeting to be at Washington, the first meeting of couriers to be in Washington on Saturday, 1 o'clock p.m. If this route and time does not suit Colonel Byrd's command, the general desires to be informed so immediately, that he may decide what arrangements to make. The general desires daily communication.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. C. TREWHITT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

18 R R-VOL XXX, PT IV

