HDQRS. CAVALRY, FOURTH DIV., 23rd ARMY CORPS,Greenville, October 10, 1863-11 a.m.

Major-General BURNSIDE:

I have just reached here; found Generals Potter and Ferrero here. They report fighting near Henderson at daylight; fighting still. I press forward at the utmost speed. Scouts report that Colonel Foster is ahead of them.

I am, general, yours, truly,

J. M. SHACKELFORD,

Brigadier-General.

WASHINGTON, October 11, 1863.

Major-General GRANT,

Cairo or Memphis:

GENERAL: Yours of September 30 is just received.* Although the re-enforcements from your army for General Rosecrans did not move as soon or as rapidly as was expected, no blame whatever attached to you. I know your promptness too well to think for a moment that the delay was any fault of yours.

In regard to General Hurlbut, I have given no orders to him except when the urgency of the case was great and he could not communicate with you. He may have referred matters here when he should have consulted you, but I think he did so from no improper motives. It takes a long time for civilians to learn and practice strict military subordination.

I regret equally with yourself that you could not have forces to move on Mobile, but there were certain reasons which I cannot now explain, which precluded such an attempt. You need not fear being left idle. The moment you are well enough to take the field you will have abundant occupation. I hope soon to hear of your arrival at Cairo, as directed through Colonel Wilson, of your staff.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

CAIRO, ILL., October 11, 1863. (Received 12.45 a.m., 12th.)

Honorable GIDEON WELLES,

Secretary of the Navy:

I do not think the light draughts can ascend the Tennessee so high as required. There was less than 3 feet yesterday. I will obtain certain information and send it on. Ohio is very low.

D. D. PORTER,

Acting Rear-Admiral.

CAIRO, ILL., October 11, 1863. (Received 12.45 a.m., 12th.)

Honorable GIDEON WELLES,

Secretary of the Navy:

SIR: We have no gun-boat that can go up as high as Florence. Only 22 inches on the Chain Shoals, 45 miles from the mouth of Tennessee River. No transports would find water enough to get up.

---------------

*See Part III, p.944.

---------------

