
I advanced on the main Tuscumbia road, which strikes Bear Creek several miles below the railroad bridge, selecting that road in consequence of information received that some rebels had passed over it yesterday and I hoped to get a sight of them. Approaching the creek saw ont he east bank, which is steep, some light breast-works, and a volley of small-arms proved that they were occupied. I dislodged the rebels promptly and drove them some distance. They lost 1 man wounded. The rebels belonged to Forrest's cavalry, and I learn that regimental headquarters are now the mouth of Cave Creek, int he neighborhood of Newport.

P. J. OSTERHAUS,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY BRIGADE,One Mile North of Holly Sprigs, October 11, 1863-5.30 p.m.

Colonel HATCH,

Commanding Cavalry:

SIR: I have learned that the enemy moved north from this place at 10 o'clock last night, and hearing the firing to-day in the direction of Collierville while on the march, and all the rumors among the citizens here are to the effect that they were to attack Collierville to-day, I shall move to the crossing of the Coldwater at Lockhart's Mill, and will reach that place by 8 o'clock to-night. I will hold that ford and reconnoiter toward Collierville, and my subsequent movements will depend on the movements of the enemy should I not receive orders from you in regard to movements.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JESSE J. PHILLIPS,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

IN THE FIELD, 1 MILE NORTH OF HOLLY SPRINGS, October 11, 1863.

Captain L. H. EVERTS,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I have captured one of the enemy's pickets here, and learn from him that Chalmers' force crossed Coldwater, at Quinn's Mill, Sunday evening. They were west of here, and in vicinity of Pigeon Roost yesterday at 10 o'clock a.m., moving south. I shall stop here for orders from you, and send Kelly down the road to Lockhart's Mill to scout it, as I presume you will not desire me to move there now.

Yours, truly,

E. W. RICE,

Colonel, Commanding.

DAVIS' MILLS, October 11, 1863.

Brigadier-General SWEENY:

The Third Michigan Cavalry staid in Salem last night. The enemy retreated toward Holly Springs last Friday night. The last of them left Salem on Saturday morning.

EDWARD HATCH,

Colonel, Commanding Cavalry Division.

