HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION,In the Field, 7 Miles from La Grange,

On Holly Springs Road,

October 11, 1863-10 o'clock.

Lieutenant Colonel J. J. PHILLIPS,

Comdg. Cavalry Brigade, in the Field, at Lockhart's Mill:

COLONEL: The enemy attacked Collierville this morning and captured the place; also a special train containing General Sherman and staff. The enemy are supposed to be moving south. Occupy your present position unless you know that the enemy are moving in a different direction. I leave here in the morning at 4 o'clock for Hudsonville. I except you to communicate with me at that point if possible. We must try and cut off the enemy's retreat. Try and communicate with Colonel Hatch, as he must be somewhere south of you. I have heard nothing from him since 11 o'clock this morning. I rely upon your co-operation to defeat the enemy and prevent his taking General Sherman south. Colonel Anthony is reported having surrendered. General Carr, with infantry and artillery, will be in La Grange to-night.

Respectfully,

T. W. SWEENY,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION,In the Field, on Holly Springs Road, October 11, 1863.

General HURLBUT:

Rear guard of the enemy left Salem this morning in the direction of Holly Springs. Our cavalry are following and skirmishing with the enemy. Shall move my infantry forward to Holly Springs in order to support the cavalry in case of necessity. Third Michigan Cavalry are with the advance.

Respectfully,

T. W. SWEENY,

Brigadier-General.

(Copy to Brigadier-General Carr and Colonel Mersy.)

LA GRANGE, October 11, 1863.

General SWEENY:

I have just received a dispatch from General Carr stating that he was just leaving Corinth with 1,000 men, to be followed by a battery for this place. We have news that Colonel Anthony has surrendered. By order of General Carr I have sent a regiment to Moscow.

BEN. J. SPOONER,

Colonel, &amp;c.

Operator at La Fayette says he can still hear firing int he direction of Mount Pleasant.

SPOONER.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. 1ST BRIG., 2nd DIV., 16TH A. C.,No. 118. In the Field, October 11, 1863.

Reveille will be beaten at 3 o'clock. The command will be ready to march at 4 o'clock. The order of march will be as follows: Advance,

