
BOB WHITE'S, SIGNAL STATION No. 4,

Walden's Ridge, October 11, 1863-8.40 p.m.

Brigadier-General GARFIELD:

I have 300 head of cattle at Bob White's. Shall I come forward to-night?

W. WILKINSON,

For AIKEN.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,October 11, 1863-9.45 p.m. W. WILKINSON,

For Aiken, at Bob White's:

The general commanding directs that you find a route around by the Anderson road and drive your cattle that way.

BOND,

Aide-de-Camp.

DUCK RIVER BRIDGE, October 11, 1863-11 o'clock.

General ROSECRANS:

Colonel Baird, of Eighty-fifth Indiana, has been commanding at Wartrace since the 7th ultimo the present raid of the rebels. Some citizens of the country have been guiding them through. The loyal citizens wish Colonel Baird continued in command at that post until their cases are investigated. We think it would be a benefit to the cause to do so.

JOHN DOUGLASS.

P. F. YOUNG.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND,

No. 235. Chattanooga, Tenn., October 11, 1863.

The inspection circular from these headquarters, August 8, 1863, provides that sutlers shall not have more than one 4 horse or mule team and one wagon for every 500 men, nor more than one 2-horse team and one wagon for every battery.

If a regiment has more than 500 men present for duty two teams and wagons will be permitted.

It has come to the knowledge of the general commanding that at this time there are sutlers whose teams, consuming forage needed for the public animals, far exceed in number the allowance. The assistant inspector-general will cause an inspection to be made at once, and the provost-marshall will send with the inspectors guards, who will take possession of all serviceable animals in excess of the prescribed allowance.

The officers will give receipts for the animals, stating their estimated value, not exceeding $ 120 for each serviceable mule or horse capable of passing the usual army inspection, and will turn them over to the acting chief quartermaster, who is directed to cause the animals to be inspected, branded with the letters U. S., and to be

