
sent to the depot, to be used in supplying the places of broken-down animals in the trains.

The chief quartermaster will revise the receipts given for these animals, and will pay the value as above specified for such as pass inspection.

All animals, the property of sutlers, not taken under the above instructions are ordered immediately to the rear, to some place where forage can be obtained without using that needed for the public animals. This will require their removal to the rear of Stevenson, beyond the limits within which this army is now foraging.

The roads between this place and Bridgeport are needed for the passage of the army trains. No sutlers' wagons will be permitted upon them, except in passing to the rear under this order, until further orders from these headquarters.

Full reports will be made to these headquarters by the assistant inspector-general,and by the chief quartermaster, of the execution of these orders.

The commanding officers at Stevenson and Bridgeport are charged with the execution of these orders at those places.

Attention is called to the provision of General Orders, No. 27, War Department, March 21, 1862. Only one sutler is allowed by law and regulations to each regiment. None others are to be recognized than those who can show regular appointments in conformity with law and regulation. All others will be at once sent to the rear.

As it believed that some sutlers have improperly come into possession of animals belonging to the public, every animal in the possession of sutlers will be inspected, and those belonging to the United States will be seized. The property of any sutler who has in his possession any Government animals will be confiscated.

By command of Major-General Rosecrans:

C. GODDARD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND, October 11, 1863.

Major General GORDON GRANGER,Commanding Fourth Army Corps:

GENERAL: The general commanding desires that you send instructions to the officer in command of the detachment sent down to drive the enemy this morning, to dislodge the rebel sharpshooters, to reconnoiter the ground well, and see what opportunities there are for trains to pass; also to clear the road of dead mules and other obstructions, and to make frequent reports of his progress.

Very respectfully,

D. G. SWAIM.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY CORPS,Chattanooga, Tenn., October 11, 1863.

Brig. General JAMES B. STEEDMAN:

GENERAL: The general commanding directs you to send 250 picked sharpshooters and two pieces of artillery as quick as possible down

