
the Haley trace road, to the point where the enemy are firing upon our train and endeavor to drive them away. Send them in charge of a good, reliable, discreet officer, and order him upon his arrival to report the condition of things there, the force of the enemy; whether they can be driven away; and if he cannot drive them, the force that is necessary for that purpose.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. S. FULLERTON,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY CORPS,Chattanooga, October 11, 1863-6.30 p.m.

Brig. General JAMES B. STEEDMAN:

GENERAL: In accordance with instructions received from department headquarters, the general commanding directs you to send instructions to the officer in command of detachment sent down the river to dislodge the rebel sharpshooters, to reconnoiter the ground well, and to see what opportunities there are for trains to pass; also to clear the road of dead mules and other obstructions. Order him to make frequent reports of his progress.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. S. FULLERTON,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND BRIGADE, FIRST DIVISION,Fork Whitaker, October 11, 1863.

Major FULLERTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Fourth Army Corps:

About 11 o'clock last night troops passed over the road over Lookout in the direction of Bridgeport. They were cavalry or infantry; no artillery.

They passed in two bodies, with an interval of half an hour in their passing. The space of time occupied by the first body by our front was about thirty minutes; by the other about twenty minutes.

Rifle-pits are being constructed just beyond the bank of Chattanooga Creek; I think they are the enemy's. Not having been notified whether they are making rifle-pits, I am in too much uncertainty to fire on them.

We cannot tell them with a glass this morning for the smoke and fog. Shall I fire on them? They are now at work at them. Send me word by one of your orderlies.

Nothing more beyond this, as I am now advised, occurred last night.

Respectfully,

W. C. WHITAKER.

