HDQRS. SECOND BRIG., FIRST DIV., RESERVE CORPS,Fort Whitaker, October 11, 1863.

Major FULLERTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I respectfully submit a further report of observations made in conformity with instructions of the 9th instant:

Colonel Moore, of the One hundred and fifteenth Illinois Volunteers, posted at and below Brown's Ferry, reports from observations made 2 1/2 miles below the ferry, that he is induced to believe that there is an enemy of considerable force opposite his lines. These observations were taken from the crest of a hill that commands a view of the valley between the range of hills on the river and Raccoon Mountain, and gives strong indications of there being at least one regiment at the foot of Raccoon Mountain in the edge of the woods, and farther up the valley another force. The enemy have a picket post opposite this station, at which as many as 5 men at a time were seen during the night by the light of their fires. The enemy's movements before my lines shall be closely watched. There has been considerable skirmishing across the river below my command within the past hour.

Respectfully,

W. C. WHITAKER,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY CORPS,Chattanooga, Tenn., October 11, 1863.

Brig. General W. C. WHITAKER,

Commanding Second Brigade, First Division:

They are the enemy's rifle-pits. If you can drive them away, fire on them.

By command of Major General G. Granger:

J. S. FULLERTON,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, FOURTH ARMY CORPS, October 11, 1863-11 p.m.

Brig. General J. A. GARFIELD,Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: When your note of 7.30 this p.m. was received I was out. The reply has been delayed by the preparation of the accompanying sketch.* My engineer informs me he has prepared two similar ones, and furnished them, I think, to Major Mendenhall. I cannot detect from the view, which I have from my fort, of the knoll, that the enemy is making any progress with his works on it; and this opinion is sustained by the daily reports of the staff officers, whom I keep constantly on watch in the fort. I learn, however, from Colonel Grose, from whose front an enfilading view can be had of the knoll, that there are indications of works being erected in

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

