
rear of the crest. It is my opinion, from the information I have on this point, that any works the enemy have made there are slight, and are intended on Colonel Grose's works, not mine.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

TH. J. WOOD,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION, RESERVE CORPS,Camp, Battle Creek, October 11, 1863.

Lieutenant-Colonel GODDARD,

Assistant Adjutant-General Department Headquarters:

COLONEL: In compliance with orders from department headquarters, I have to-day established headquarters Second Division, Reserve Corps, at this point. The force here are the Thirty-fourth Illinois Infantry, One hundred and eighth Ohio Infantry, five companies Tenth Ohio Cavalry, and two sections of Edgarton's artillery, the other section being at Anderson's Cross-Roads; and I respectfully request permission to order it to his point. Colonel Smith with Sixteenth Illinois Infantry and Beebe's battery moved from Bridgeport to Anderson's Cross-Roads yesterday. The Eightieth Illinois Infantry is being relieved by troops from General Hooker's command. They have been ordered to move to this point. Details have been made to build the bridge across Sequatchie River, and repair the road as directed in your communication of yesterday. You have no doubt been advised by General Hooker that railroad communications have been re-established with Nashville, the first train arriving at Stevenson yesterday. Generals McCook and Crittenden passed here to-day at 12 m. Wagon trains pass without interruption.

Very respectfully,

JAMES D. MORGAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. SECOND BRIG., SECOND DIV., RESERVE CORPS,Camp on Chickamauga Creek, Tenn., October 11, 1863.

Brig. General J. A. GARFIELD,

Chief of Staff:

SIR: I have the honor to inform you that nothing new has been heard concerning the movements of the enemy yesterday or last night. The officers of the day report everything as unusually quiet on the lines last night. The rebel drums were heard at fifteen minutes before 5 this morning.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

DANL. McCOOK,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.
HDQRS. SECOND BRIG., SECOND DIV., RESERVE CORPS,North Chickamauga, Tenn., October 11, 1863.

General GARFIELD,

Chief of Staff:

I have the honor to report that this evening a lieutenant of the First Tennessee came across the river at the ford above, and I gather the following facts from his conversation with the pickets:

He says that a division of Tennessee troops began quarreling with

