
one of Longstreet's divisions. The officers got into the fight and a battle ensued with a loss of 800 killed and wounded on both sides. The Tennessee general attempted to march his troops into our lines but was driven back. As soon as the fight began Bragg opened upon our works to prevent the embroglio being noticed upon our side. I am going up in a captain's coat to-morrow morning and try and get him across again. If cigars and whisky have any virtue I'll pump him empty. My informant says he is not certain whether he said Tennessee or Georgia troops. He says Bragg's army suffered terribly and that the Tennesseeans are hopeless. He also says that as long as his regiment is on duty there will be no firing.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

DANL. McCOOK,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

NASHVILLE, October 11, 1863-12 m.

Major-General ROSECRANS:

The Third Ohio Volunteers Infantry and Eightieth Illinois, after being organized here and formed into companies as they arrived, were sent off by orders from district headquarters in the following manner: Third Ohio Volunteer Infantry left on September 3 with orders to report to Brig. General John Beatty at Stevenson. Eightieth Illinois left September 8, ordered to report to Bridgeport. They had very few officers, having been officered whilst at this post by details from other regiments; the remainder of strength being left from the arrival escort barracks. Will know the date of the order during the day.

R. S. GRANGER,

Brigadier-General.

NASHVILLE, October 11, 1863.

Brigadier-General GARFIELD,

Chief of Staff:

Received from General Boyle Fiftieth Ohio Volunteer Infantry and five companies of Ninety-first Indiana. Five companies of the Fiftieth Ohio Volunteer Infantry have been returned to Murfreesborough; four companies were sent to General Paine the day after their arrival at this post, and are still under his command. I requested him to send them to General Boyle. General Paine reports he can't spare them. One company of the Fiftieth at La Vergne. I stationed at Mancoe's Creek and Edgefield Junction three companies Ninety-first Indiana and one piece of artillery,which, on the return of General Paine to Gallatin, were placed under his command. He reports that he cannot relieve them. The remaining two companies are at Stockades 1 and 2, on Nashville and Chattanooga railroad. I have no troops to relieve them from this post. The train guards, pickets, and other details keep the men on duty every day. Pickets remaining on duty sometimes forty-eight hours.

R. S. GRANGER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

