
BRIDGEPORT, October 11, 1863-5 p.m.

Brigadier-General GARFIELD,

Chief of Staff:

The One hundred and first Illinois Volunteers, reported here for duty recently, is without tents and proper arms. I can give them tents and arms from a regiment of mine which goes out of service this week. This and the work which is assigned me induces me to ask the assignment of this regiment to my command. The colonel commanding also desires this.

O. O. HOWARD,

Major-General.

STEVENSON, October 11, 1863-12 m.

Brigadier-General GRANGER,

Nashville:

Do you learn anything of the movements of the raiders in the vicinity of Columbia or Franklin?

JOSEPH HOOKER,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ELEVENTH AND TWELFTH CORPS,Stevenson, Ala., October 11, 1863.

Brig. General R. S. GRANGER,

Commanding, Nashville:

GENERAL: I am instructed by the major-general commanding to inform you that your communication of the 7th instant only reached him last night, and to state in answer that the Twelfth Corps has been directed to hold the line of communications up to Murfreesborough including that point,and that you are authorized to withdraw all the forces you may have along the line on this side of that station. I am also directed by the general to request that you will have him furnished with a report of the location, regiments, and the name of the commanding officers at each of the stations you occupy between Nashville and Murfreesborough.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. H. LAWRENCE,

Major, Aide-de-Camp, Actg. Asst. Adjt. General
HDQRS. THIRD BRIG., THIRD DIV., RESERVE CORPS,Sale Creek, Tenn., October 11, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel C. GODDARD,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Dept. of the Cumberland:

COLONEL: This command is all in good condition, and everything upon this side of Tennessee River is quiet. My forces and pickets are in same condition as at last report to your headquarters. It is reported to me by citizens that there is a large force of the enemy now concentrating at [Kincannon's] Ferry, on Hiwassee River, between 10 and 12 miles up the Hiwassee River from the mouth, and

19 R R-VOL XXX, PT IV

