
MEMPHIS, TENN., October 2, 1863-5 p.m. [Received 12.05 p.m., 4th.]

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

I have regularly reported all arrivals and movements of troops. I have ordered the Memphis and Charleston Railroad repaired toward Decatur, and am moving troops out as fast as they arrive. Osterhaus is beyond Corinth. Smith's division will move as soon as their camp equipage comes up from below. I have not thought it advisable to throw them across Bear Creek until their own commanders come up. My scouts from Alabama report Bragg at Rome, badly crippled. General Rosecrans' cavalry should look toward Decatur. I am unofficially informed that two other divisions of Sherman's corps are on their way. My troops will be ready to cover any movements, and my entire corps is ready to move in twelve hours' notice. A supply train of four hundred wagons is ready at Corinth, and thirty days' rations for 20,000 men.

S. A. HURLBUT,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Memphis, Tenn., October 2, 1863.

Brig. General JOHN A. RAWLINS,Assistant Adjutant-General, Vicksburg, Miss.:

GENERAL: I avail myself of the present opportunity to communicate such matters as are of importance.

The division of General Osterhaus is now at Camp Davies, 6 miles southeast of Corinth. The division of Brig. General John E. Smith is encamped near Memphis, waiting for camp and garrison equipage, of which part only has yet arrived, the remainder being on the steamer Adriatic, aground near Helena.

I have ordered General Webster to prepare everything for opening the Memphis and Charleston Railroad to Decatur.

The coal ordered by Lieutenant-Colonel Wilson in your name is very difficult to procure, but I have sent two barges, in tow of the Rocket, with 22,000 bushels. My scouts, just in from Alabama, report Bragg fallen back to Rome. Stories in front Alabama conflict; most say that his victory has crippled him. It may be if he has strength enough that he will advance through Northern Alabama toward Huntsville and Decatur. But with Rosecrans' powerful cavalry, so far as I know unhurt, he should be kept in check from any flank march of that kind. From the gross neglect of the Saint Louis depot we are short of forage, and in the present stage of water are likely to be more so. It is therefore desirable that our troops move soon into the Tuscumbia Valley.

I keep up a good system of intelligence in Northern Alabama, and have just received 120 recruits from that region who fought their way in handsomely, bringing 10 prisoners.

Your obedient servant,

S. A. HURLBUT,

Major-General.

