HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Chattanooga, October 11, 1863.

Colonel R. H. G. MINTY,

Murfreesborough:

The general commanding cannot release you from arrest until he hears from General Crook.

C. GODDARD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

STEVENSON, ALA., October 11, 1863. (Received 2.20 a.m., 12th.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

If you projected the late movement of the Eleventh and Twelfth Corps you may justly claim the merit of having saved Chattanooga to us. As soon as the rebels found that it was not prudent to attack that position they determined to throw a heavy force upon the communications, and destroy them and the depots, and thus starve out the army. The hoped to do this before my force came up, and undoubtedly would have succeeded but for a prompt movement on our part. As it was the rebel raiders made sad havoc on our wagon trains, and when they struck the railroad point after point was abandoned, oftentimes without the discharge of a shot in their defense. They cut off the Second Division of the Twelfth Corps, and the balance were under such headway they could not be stopped until brought up by the Tennessee River at Bridgeport. They were soon in their right places, but most of them without artillery, baggage, transportation, or horses for field officers-very much as I found myself when I embarked in Pope's campaign. The enemy captured some shall parties, destroyed bridges at Duck and Stone's Rivers, and interrupted all communication for four days, but it is now restored. Out cavalry is in full pursuit of the raiders, and we have gained decided advantage over them. Last accounts they were making for Columbia.

JOSEPH HOOKER,

Major-General.

STEVENSON, October 11, 1863.

Major-General ROSECRANS:

General Granger just telegraphed me that Colonel Mizner reported from Columbia on the 9th at night, Wheeler within 10 miles of that place. Colonel Mizner left Columbia yesterday a.m. No report since that time. I have no other news of the raiders.

JOSEPH HOOKER,

Major-General.

STEVENSON, October 11, 1863-10 a.m.

Major-General SLOCUM:

The railroad from Wartrace to Tantalon is assigned to you. General R. S. Granger is expected to guard the road from Wartrace to Nashville; General Howard from Tantalon to Bridgeport. A force

