
reported advancing from McMinnville toward Manchester, said to be 2,000 cavalry. Look out for them.

Orders and dispatches have been forwarded to you by Colonel Carman, returning to Decherd with a portion of your command.

DANL. BUTTERFIELD,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

STEVENSON, October 11, 1863-11 a.m.

Major-General SLOCUM:

Your telegram received. The major-general commanding supposed you were already at Wartrace, as you announced you would be on the 9th. Important communications were sent there to await you. The excitement caused by proximity of the raiders renders it necessary for you to establish your headquarters near center of your command without further delay. We are all without transportation. You will have to use cars in its absence.

DANL. BUTTERFIELD,

Major-General, Chief of Staff.

DECHERD, October 11, 1863.

Major-General BUTTERFIELD,

Chief of Staff, &amp;c., Stevenson:

Shall my troops occupy Tantalon and the trestle-work 1 mile this side? I hear they are now held by troops of Eleventh Corps. The tunnel is strongly guarded, and the country about will be searched as ordered. We need a small cavalry force at Tullahoma and here for patrols.

A. S. WILLIAMS,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.

STEVENSON, October 11, 1863-12.30 p.m.

Brig. General A. S. WILLIAMS,

Decherd:

The dividing line between Eleventh and Twelfth Corps will be half way between tunnel and Tantalon. This will leave the trestles to the Eleventh and the tunnel to the Twelfth Corps. Generals Slocum and Howard will be so advised.

DANL. BUTTERFIELD,

Major-General, Chief of Staff.

TULLAHOMA, October 11, 1863.

Brig. General A. S. WILLIAMS:

I have sent the Second Massachusetts, Third Wisconsin, and One hundred and seventh New York Volunteers to Elk River; the Twenty-seventh Indiana, Thirteenth New Jersey, and One hundred and fiftieth New York will stay here; the One hundred and thirtieth New York leave Wartrace this morning for this point.

THOS. H. RUGER,

Brigadier-General.

