
DECHERD, October 11, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel H. C. RODGERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Colonel and lieutenant-colonel of One hundred and forty-fifth will be arrested on their arrival here. General Knipe will report as ordered. Tri-monthly and monthly reports have been ordered. Tantalon is 5 miles beyond the mountain tunnel in a separate valley, now occupied by troops of the Eleventh Corps. I have ordered Knipe to send a guard there as soon as he can. The Eleventh Corps now holds it. All quiet here and at tunnel below. Colonel Thompson, commanding some artillery and negro regiment at Elk River, reports 60 rebel cavalry seen near that place. Three regiments of Ruger's left Tullahoma this morning for that post. It is safe enough.

A. S. WILLIAMS,

Brigadier-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FIRST DIV., 12TH ARMY CORPS,No. 104. Decherd, Tenn., October 11, 1863.

I. The troops of this division having been charged with the duty of guarding the railroad from Tantalon to Tullahoma, both posts included, the following will be the positions of the respective brigades:

II. The First Brigade, Brig. General J. F. Knipe commanding, will be posted from Tantalon to Decherd, including both posts. The tunnels, trestle-work, bridges, and water-tanks at Tantalon, Cowan, and Decherd, as well as between those places, will be strongly guarded by infantry, and as soon as the artillery arrives positions for the same will be selected and works thrown up for its protection. General Knipe's headquarters will for the present be at Decherd.

III. The Third Brigade, Brig. General T. H. Ruger commanding, will extend from Decherd to Tullahoma, including the latter post. The principal points where strong guards will be posted are the bridge at Elk River, trestle-work about 3 miles from Tullahoma, water-tanks and railroad stations. Brigadier-General Ruger will inform himself as soon as practicable as to other important points there may be upon his line, and will dispose his force accordingly. Positions for artillery will be selected, and when the artillery comes up works will be thrown up for its protection. General Ruger's headquarters will for the present be at Tullahoma.

* * * * * * *

By command of Brig. General A. S. Williams:

S. E. PITTMAN,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

DECHERD, October 11, 1863-10.45 a.m.

Brigadier-General RUGER,

Tullahoma:

Yours received. Go over to Elk River as soon as you can and see all is right. Send in tri-monthly and monthly reports as soon as possible. Make requisitions for necessary intrenching tools. Sixty rebel cavalry were seen this morning going toward Cowan.

A. S. WILLIAMS,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding Division.

