
DUCK RIVER, October 11, 1863.

Brig. General J. W. GEARY,

Commanding:

Arrived here this p.m. Find Eighty-fifth Indiana Infantry here.

They belong to General Granger's command. They have no orders to move, and will await orders. I have relieved the colonel commanding.

CHAS. CANDY,

Colonel Sixty-sixth Ohio Volunteers, Commanding Brigade.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES, October 11, 1863.

Respectfully forwarded for the information of Major-General Slocum, with a request for instructions.

JNumbers W. GEARY,Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ELEVENTH AND TWELFTH CORPS,

Stevenson, Ala., October 11, 1863.

Major-General HOWARD,

Commanding Eleventh Corps:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs that, in compliance with orders from headquarters Army of the Cumberland, dated 10th instant, you put troops under an able officer to locate and make a corduroy, and repair two wagon roads from Bridgeport to Battle Creek-one for going the other for returning trains. One should be undertaken and completed before the other is begun. The corduroy should be of the most permanent kind-three heavy sleepers or stringers, the cross-pieces or corduroy of logs not less than 8 to 10 inches in diameter, and fastened at proper distances by forks.

To be commenced without delay.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

DANL. BUTTERFIELD,

Major-General, Chief of Staff.
HDQRS. SECOND BRIG., SECOND DIV., 11TH ARMY CORPS,Stevenson, Ala., October 11, 1863.

Colonel T. A. MEYSENBURG,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Bridgeport, Ala.:

The present disposition of railroad guards is as follow: Three companies at Tantalon,under Major Arnold, of One hundred and thirty-sixth New York Volunteers;four companies at Anderson, under Colonel Wood, who has also two companies between Anderson and Stevenson; one company each from the Fifty-fifth and Seventy-third Ohio, and one from the Thirty-third Massachusetts Volunteers are posted west of this point; one company of Thirty-third Massachusetts is posted at Widow's Creek, making thirteen companies on the line.

I suggest the propriety of permitting Colonel Wood to take his remaining company to Anderson, whence he can communicate easily by telegraph. He is instructed to make the same disposition for the

