
present as have heretofore existed. He will be duly notified of the dividing line, as advised in your written order of this date. Will report further by letter.

Very respectfully,

ORLAND SMITH,

Colonel, Commanding Second Brigade.

STEVENSON, ALA., October 11, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel T. A. MEYSENBURG,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: Touching the disposition of the forces for guarding the railroad, I beg to say that I deem it advisable to have a responsible officer at Anderson, and hence assigned Colonel Wood to that post. My instructions do not, however, admit of my sending more than four companies to that point.

I find the situation to be this: Within about 3 miles of Stevenson there are five bridges all near together. These have been guarded by three companies of the Eightieth Illinois. Besides these there is one structure near Anderson which has been guarded by men from that post. In my judgment, as at present advised, the best arrangement would be to assign the whole district from Anderson to Tantalon, including the bridge this side and the trestle west of Tantalon, to Colonel Wood with his whole regiment. This would afford the opportunity to put four companies at Tantalon, if thought best, and give a stronger post Anderson, with a surplus sufficient to construct rifle-pits and abatis where practicable. Moreover, with Colonel Wood at Anderson and Major Arnold at Tantalon, the official responsibility would be well divided.

I would then send four companies, of about 30 men each, west and one east of this post; these five to be under the charge of our brigade officer of the day. If this proposition meets the approval of the general it will be carried out immediately on receipt of such advice.

I have the honor to state that I have not the command of the post. I find that Colonel Lyon of the Thirteenth Wisconsin has been commander of post, and that he has not been relieved.

In conversation this morning, in presence of General Hooker, Colonel L. suggested that I should take the charge and responsibility of the picketing, and leave the interval police duty, &amp;c., to him. General H. replied that it would be better to make no permanent arrangement at present, as the final disposition of my command was not fixed. Meantime I await further orders.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ORLAND SMITH,

Colonel, Commanding Second Brigade, Second Division.

WASHINGTON, D. C., October 11, 1863.

Major General A. E. BURNSIDE,

Commanding Department of the Ohio:

The General-in-Chief desires that you will at once put en route for the headquarters of Department of the Cumberland the Tenth Michigan Cavalry, now at Grand Rapids, Mich., to report to Major-General Rosecrans for duty.

By command of Major-General Halleck:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

