
absent. This Howard, the day previous, whipped an old Union man nearly unto death, and scalped a soldier of the Tenth Kentucky Cavalry. The boys burned everything visible, and as soon as the fire began the rebels commenced firing from the mountain at long range; too far to affect. The squad returned a few shots and left. One the morning of the 3rd October the guerrillas fired on them from a concealed point, killing 1 and wounding 2 of the squad. We killed the notorious Asa Swin, a most daring and desperate man, and the only one that dared to show himself. After the fight squad returned to camp. The young man buried where killed. The wounded are doing well.

October 7 I started with 108 men; after marching 40 miles camped at Phillips'. In the morning of the 8th October, reached Hampton's Mills, another headquarters for guerrillas. He being absent could not find him, but captured the meanest white man living, O. A. Patton; he not long since escaped from McLean prison, Cincinnati; also J. E. Keller, of Kentucky, who had escaped from Chicago, Ill.; he one of Morgan's men. Also one John McWhirter, escaped from Camp Chase, Ohio, and Moses McClanahan and John McClanahan (residents). The 5 had six horses; the papers found upon them are important, especially in this vicinity, implicating many persons here. I am satisfied that the three first named were at the robbing of Owensville, and after robbing the place, they burned property at Olympian Springs; then burned the property of Colonel Hall. I also captured a horse belonging to Hampton, who the next day sent 2 Union men after him, threatening to burn their property if not returned. I told them to tell him to come and get him; that I should not send him; that he, if he wished to, could proceed with his burning; his property is valuable, and if he destroyed theirs I would destroy his. I also took William Raglan and have sent for the evidence to convict him of recruiting for the Southern army, or for the guerrilla Green Wade. I learn to-day that he was raising men composed of secesh, and also Union men, to act together to oppose both guerrillas and home guards. He says they both steal, and I am certain in some instances this is true. I am of opinion that any party of men thus mixed won't answer, and would like advice from you.

You will observe that the day after the troops were removed from Olympian Springs these robberies were committed, and whenever any expedition is returning these thieves advance. The county is full of them-Fleming, Bath, Morgan, Rowan, and adjoining counties-and the most accomplished liars that are above ground. I will believe but very few. There is more deception practiced here than I ever met with. One man, well recommended, will give information and the next will implicate him. The force here, general, is inadequate for the work. No one knows what these people have suffered and are suffering but those who endure it. To-night I am apprised of my removal to Lexington; I am ready whenever relieved. The force at Olympian Springs were very necessary there. The present force here are on the scout all the time. The division at Plummer's Mills should not remain there. A station between Poplar Plains and Hillsborough would be as effective. Here we have a good road for all transportation. As soon as the roads get bad, it will be difficult to haul to Plummer's Mills. Plummer and neighbors (rebels) are about eat out. There is good ground where I have mentioned for winter quarters; water and wood in plenty. It

