HEADQUARTERS SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Memphis, Tenn., October 12, 1863.

Major-General SHERMAN,

La Fayette, Tenn.:

Carr, now at La Grange, will inform you where the cavalry and Sweeny's brigade are. I think they must fall in with the rebels.

S. A. HURLBUT,

Major-General.

CORINTH, October 12, 1863.

General CARR,

La Grange:

Please order all my troops at Moscow and La Grange to march here by easy stages, the cars to bring the sick only. I must assemble my troops for the march east. Send every car and locomotive in to bring out forage and stores. I will see that Corinth is held safe till you return. You can watch Sweeny's movement, but I feel certain that Hatch can and will push Chalmers beyond the Tallahatchie.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

LA FAYETTE, October 12, 1863.

General SWEENY:

Head of column, General Corse's division, left Collierville for Mount Pleasant at 11 o'clock precisely. Make your own calculations.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

LA GRANGE, October 12, 1863-1.30 a.m.

General SWEENY:

It turns out to be a mistake about the capture of General Sherman. He is at Collierville, where they repulsed the enemy. Hearing of that, the firing near Moscow,and that you were engaged, and having been ordered by General Hurlbut to support you from Corinth if necessary, I deemed it my duty to bring troops here. I took all the white infantry and a battery from Corinth, and concluded to come myself in order to be with a command of some kind. I will stay here with this brigade to await events. As they repulsed the enemy at Collierville I am inclined to think that he will not be too strong for your cavalry, and that they may be able to intercept him and do him considerable damage. My impression is that he will try to cross Coldwater and the Tallahatchie to the westward of you. I will send any information I may receive at once, and beg you will call on me for anything you may want. I may learn more before your express starts at 4 o'clock to return. Telegraph operates only to La Fayette.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. A. CARR,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

