HEADQUARTERS, Southwest of La Grange, October 12, 1863.

Brig. General T. W. SWEENY,Comdg., in the Field, en route to Hudsonville, Miss.:

GENERAL: Captain Chenoweth goes with this and will give you what news we have,which is meager. The enemy seems to have managed well. It was a pretty severe fight at Collierville. We lost 9 killed, 27 wounded, 7 missing. I do not yet know which way the enemy has gone. I suppose Hatch to be southwest of Salem; the Third Michigan is with him. I suppose Phillips to be west of you, and that it was his cannonading which was heard south of Moscow and La Fayette yesterday. It is be presumed that the enemy went south from Collierville, but I do not yet know.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. A. CARR,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,In the Field, Hudsonville, Miss., October 12, 1863.

Brig. General E. A. CARR,

La Grange:

Captain Chenoweth has just arrived with your dispatch. I got here at 10 a.m. to-day. It is my intention to occupy this place as the best to operate from, until I learn something of the enemy's movements. I am satisfied the enemy have not passed south of us yet. One brigade of cavalry under Lieutenant-Colonel Phillips are on the line of the Coldwater as far west as Quinn's Mill, the point where the enemy crossed on their way to Collierville, and occupy all the fords on that stream.

Colonel Hatch left here this morning in the direction of Mount Pleasant, with instructions to watch the enemy closely, and communicate with me frequently. I don't see how they can escape now, except in an easterly direction, and if the cavalry give me timely notice I think I can checkmate that move. If you throw out a small mounted force to scour the country between here and La Grange, instruct them to inform me of any attempt on the part of the enemy to move east. They have not passed east of the Holly Springs road yet, I know.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. W. SWEENY,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION,In the Field, Hudsonville, Miss., October 12, 1863.

Colonel E. HATCH,

Commanding Cavalry, and

Lieutenant-Colonel PHILLIPS,

In the Field:

I have just arrived at this place. I am satisfied that the enemy has not fallen back in this direction, and nothing must be left undone to prevent their crossing the Coldwater. A dispatch just received from General Carr at La Grange, says that Sherman was not

