
[CHAP. XLII.

FIVE MILES SOUTHEAST OF QUINN'S MILL,

October 12, 1863.

Major-General HURLBUT and Brigadier-General SWEENY:

The enemy have crossed the Coldwater at Quinn's Mill, and are in the neighborhood of Byhalia; they crossed last night. I am following them with one brigade, the other is now moving from Mount Pleasant to Quinn's Mill, and will come up to-nigh.

EDWARD HATCH,

Colonel, Commanding.

DAVIS' MILLS, October 12, 1863.

Brigadier-General SWEENY:

Colonel Phillips is near Salem and asks if he may have his section of artillery if the infantry does not move. If his request can be granted, please order it forward to this point immediately, and I will send it with McCrillis' brigade.

Very respectfully,yours,

EDWARD HATCH,

Colonel, Commanding Cavalry Division.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY BRIGADE,In the Field, 1 Mile West of Lockhart's Mill,

October 12, 1863.

Brigadier-General SWEENY,

Commanding.

SIR: I have sent a dispatch to Colonel Hatch which will reach him at or near Holly Springs. I have destroyed three bridges across the Coldwater and obstructed one ford by felling timber in it, &amp;c. The bridges destroyed are two at Lockhart's Mill, and obstructed the ford there by felling timber, &c. I have destroyed the crossing at Alexander's Mill, and Davis' Mills also; I am now moving west to Quinn and Jackson's Creek. Send mules where I will hold the crossing if possible, where the enemy crossed over going toward Collierville. I have two strong scouting parties on the north side of the Coldwater. I will be north of Byhalia at the Coldwater at 9 o'clock a.m. Should I strike the enemy I will follow as long as I have a force sufficient to fight at all, and will try and find him. I have suggested to Colonel Hatch the propriety of sending 100 picked men to try and recapture General Sherman in case he should be sent south under an escort. I have not had anything to do with the enemy yet, and no firing of and kind. I will let you hear from me again.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JESSE J. PHILLIPS.
HEADQUARTERS,Memphis, October 12, 1863.

General CARR:

Collierville was attacked yesterday by cavalry and artillery. The enemy were repulsed with loss, and are retreating toward Talla-

