
OCTOBER 12, 1863.
General WEBSTER,

Memphis:

Citizens who travel the road betray us; I would restrict their travel. For some days the road will be very safe. Keep all the cars moving with forage and provisions, and don't let any fancy freight come out till all forage and provisions are sent. TO-morrow I will organize working parties, so trains will be unloaded at night. Do the same there. Delay here only consumes our stock on hand.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

MEMPHIS, TENN., October 12, 1863-2.30 p.m.

(Received 1.45 p.m., 14th.)

Major-General HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

The enemy was repulsed from Collierville yesterday. Our loss is reported 18 killed, 60 wounded, 20 missing. They have gone south. The railroad will be repaired to-day. I have a brigade of infantry at Holly Springs and cavalry to the right and left of that point, and hope to cut them off. No other points on the railroad were struck. I have issued orders to open the telegraph and railroad from Columbus to Corinth, but have no hope of keeping them up with my force. At least six regiments more will be required for that service. If ordered, they should report to General A. J. Smith, at Columbus.

Joe Johnston is reported organizing a force at Meridian-probably from the Vicksburg prisoners.

S. A. HURLBUT,

Major-General.

CIRCULAR.] HDQRS. FOURTH DIV., 15TH ARMY CORPS,

Collierville, Tenn., October 12, 1863.

This command will moved immediately on the Mount Pleasant road, the Third Brigade in advance, the Second Brigade in the center.

The division train will go between the Second and First Brigades. The First brigade will follow in rear of division and furnish necessary guards for division train.

Colonel Cockerill, commanding Third Brigade, will throw out flankers and skirmishers, and take all necessary precaution against any surprises, and will camp at or near Mount Pleasant wherever water can be had.

By order of Brigadier General John M. Corse:

E. B. HARLAN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR.] HDQRS. FOURTH DIV., 15TH ARMY CORPS,

Mount Pleasant, Miss., October 12, 1863.

This command will move on the La Grange road. The Second Brigade in advance will clear the road by daylight. The First Bri-

20 R R-VOL XXX, PT IV.

