
[CHAP. XLII.

gade will follow thirty minutes after. The Third Brigade will close up the rear, taking charge of division train and furnish a strong rear guard.

The attention of brigade commanders is called to the necessity of using every precaution to prevent the indiscriminate firing that characterized the conduct of the troops this day.

By order of Brigadier General John M. Corse:

E. B. HARLAN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Iuka, Miss., October 12, 1863.

Commanding Officer Twenty-sixth Iowa Infantry:

COLONEL: You will march with your regiment to Burnsville, and encamp in a suitable location (not exceeding 3 miles from here) on the north side of railroad track, your position to be selected with a view to easy defense.

The object of your being stationed is to protect the railroad against all and every danger from the enemy between this point and the guards stationed by General Matthies. You will place strong guards at all bridges, trestle-works, culverts, and crossings, and all points where, in your judgment, cause for suspicion exists. At the long bridges at the west end of the district to be guarded by you, you will place strong detachments permanently, and select the camping-ground for the remainder of your command with special reference to prompt support in case of need. Communication must be kept up with the line of guards west of you and with this post.

By order of Brigadier General P. J. Osterhaus:

Very respectfully,

W. A. GORDON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, October 12, 1863-8.35. a.m.

Major-General ROSECRANS, Chattanooga, Tenn.:

As I understand Burnside is menaced from the east, and so cannot go to you without surrendering East Tennessee. I now think the enemy will not attack Chattanooga, and I think you will have to look out for his making a concentrated drive at Burnside. You and Burnside now have him by the throat, and he must break your hold or perish. I therefore think you better try to hold the road up to Kingston, leaving Burnside to what is above there. Sherman is coming to you, though gaps in the telegraph prevent our knowing how far he is advanced. He and Hooker will so support you on the west and northwest as to enable you to look east and northeast. This is not an order. General Halleck will give his views.

A. LINCOLN.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Chattanooga, October 12, 1863-3 p.m.

(Received 8.45. p.m.)

Honorable A. LINCOLN, President United States:

Line from here to Kingston is long; our side is barren mountain; rebel side has railroad. Our danger is subsistence. We cannot

