
bring up Hooker to cover our left against a crossing above us, for want of means to transport provisions and horse-feed. Enemy's side of valley full of corn. Every exertion will be made to hold what we have and gain more, after which we must put our trust in God, who never fails those who truly trust.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

WASHINGTON, October 12, 1863-10 a.m.

Major-General ROSECRANS,

Chattanooga, Tenn.:

Captain Comstock is sick. Sherman is moving east of Corinth. Where he now is do not know. I have no telegraphic communication with him. Have heard nothing of Burnside since the 7th. If he is not moving down you must look to the passes of the Tennessee River above Chattanooga. Lee's army is again moving northward.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

CHATTANOOGA, TENN., October 12, 1863-p.m.

(Received 8.55 p.m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-chief:

Dispatch received. Reported enemy building pontoons near here. Jeff. Davis was here on 10th. We watch the river high up, but cannot extend to Kingston without great danger. Burnside ought to hold Kingston with strong fortifications and substantial* garrison. Cavalry to cover the river below. Kingston should be the last point of East Tennessee surrendered, except the Cumberland Gap. From there our forces can act in better concert than from any other point. It can be more easily supplied than any other point by the Cumberland to Mill Springs when water is up. Has good line of retreat, and commands Loudon. No time should be lost in this matter. No further news from cavalry raid or our cavalry.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General, Commanding.

CHATTANOOGA, October 12, 1863-3.50 p.m.

(Received 6.15. p.m.)

SECRETARY OF WAR:

I have seen a dispatch from General Halleck which announces movements on the Potomac, under which, by your instructions, I was directed to return immediately. I have given such orders and taken such steps during the seventeen days I have spent here as will, I think, much aid this army, and I do not think my presence here longer will be of much service. I start for Washington this evening. It will take two or three days to get through to Bridgeport, where I shall be again in reach of the telegraph. I go over the supply road of this army, which requires inspection.

M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General.

---------------

*Copy received by General Halleck reads "subsistence and garrison."

---------------

