
FORT WOOD SIGNAL STATION,

October 12, 1863-5 p.m.

Brigadier-General WOOD,

Commanding Third Division:

No changes in the appearance of the enemy save on the edge of the field southeast of fort. A number of new shelter of new shelter-tents have been pitched this p.m. I have seen three regiments in line in rear of redoubt where heavy gun is. I think they were having dress parade, after which they moved by the flank to the right. One covered wagon followed the second regiment. They have been very busy at work on their fortifications on our left to-day, and have them nearly completed. A number of mounted men, I think a general staff and escort, moved to redoubt where heavy gun is, dismounted, and appeared to be inspecting the works and guns very closely.

Later: They have just moved the heavy gun out of redoubt; they have 8 horses hitched to it, and I think are constructing a work so as to move the gun to our right.

L. D. DE MOTTE,

Signal officer.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND,

Numbers 272. Chattanooga, Tenn., October 12, 1863.

* * * * * * * * * * *

V. Brigadier General H. P. Van Cleve will proceed without delay to Murfreesborough and assume command of the post; he will be accompanied by his aides-de-camp.

* * * * * * * * *

By command of Major-General Rosecrans:

H. M. CIST,

Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

OCTOBER 12, 1863.

Major General W. S. ROSECRANS:

GENERAL: I sent two reports to corps headquarters-the last one at 11.45 a.m. The enemy had killed 2 of our men and wounded 2, and killed about 100 mules before my men reached the ground at 7 p.m. last night. The night was too dark to select a position for artillery; the infantry were posted to open on the enemy at daylight if any appeared. The fog was so dense in the morning that nothing could be seen; when it became clear enough to see it was discovered that no position could be obtained for artillery within effective range, for the reason that where they did the mischief the road passes through a cleared bottom within rifle range from the slope of the hill on the opposite side where the enemy have covering behind the trees and rocks.

Our infantry kept the rebels from the bank of the river, and the artillery was posted on a ridge which commanded the opposite bank, but being smooth-bores (Napoleons) could not reach the slope. To dislodge them from the slope will require rifle guns if it can be done at all, and if you will permit me to withdraw a section from Cameron's Hill I will try to do it. My 250 sharpshooters are still protecting the wood at that point.

