HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Battle Creek, Tenn., October 12, 1863.

Lieutenant-Colonel GODDARD,

Battle Creek, Tenn., October 12, 1863.

Lieutenant-Colonel GODDARD,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Dept. Headquarters:

COLONEL: Working parties commenced on the road and bridge to-day. I rode up there this morning and made a personal examination of both. A portion of the timber of the old bridge can be reused in constructing the new one. If a company of the Pioneer Corps could be spared from Bridgeport it would forward the work greatly as they have always and hand the necessary tools, tackle, &amp;c. I have the promise of what plank is need at Bridgeport. The general commanding may rest assured that the work is being pushed as rapidly as possible. Your telegram, care of General Howard, was received at 2 o'clock this p.m. Orders have been issued to the Thirteenth Wisconsin and Twenty-eighth Kentucky to march to this place. The Third Ohio are with my brigade at Anderson's Cross-Roads and will work this way. Trains are moving past this point regularly.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES D. MORGAN,

Brigadier-General.

CHATTANOOGA, October 12, 1863-9 p.m.

Brigadier General J. D. MORGAN,

Battle Creek:

Dispatch received. Very satisfactory. Order section of Edgarton's battery to Battle Creek. Where is Third Ohio? Hunt is up, and reports a telegraph office will be opened at Jasper as soon as practicable.

By order of General Rosecrans:

J. J. REYNOLDS,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Anderson's Cross-Roads, October 12, 1863.

Brigadier General J. A. GARFIELD,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: I learn unofficially that the enemy are obstructing the passage of return trains to Bridgeport at the foot of the mountain, near Chattanooga.

I believe if a road could be found passing up the mountain from Chattanooga, tapping this road within a few miles of this point, that I can pass all trains down the mountain that reach here, and am sure of being able to promise that the road shall be free for down trains after 2 p.m. each day.

I know nothing of the road beyond where my personal observation has gone, and only make this statement for information as to what may be done on the mountain side here, provided that necessity and opportunity occur for its use by return wagons. What the facilities are for getting here of course I do not know, but I am

