
[CHAP. XLII.

quite confident that, unless bad weather intervene, with the present amount of travel and improving condition of road and energetic action, I can work up to the mountain to each day's accumulation of trains from Bridgeport by 2 p.m. Returning wagons must, however, come into this road this side of the gulch, 5 miles from here, as the gulch cannot at present be passed both ways.

I make these statements distrustful of the propriety of turning return trains into this road, but quite confident as to what can be done as now situated on the mountain side itself.

The report may be unfounded, but I thought it well to communicate with you on hearing of the trouble.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN TILLSON,

Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Anderson's Cross-Roads, October 12, 1863.

Brigadier General J. A. GARFIELD,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: Your order for Twenty-first Kentucky to move to summit of mountain is complied with. The road is good from the brow on this side about 5 miles to the gulch, thence for 8 or 9 to the descent on Chattanooga side is good, needing some light work on each stretch. The gulch is the worst point, and is very rough. I have already ordered the Twenty-first Kentucky there, and under your order of last evening directed Colonel Price to send part of his force still farther toward Chattanooga to act with two companies which he has posted at the foot of the mountain. I hope this covers your wish. If not, please inform Colonel Price or myself. The road up the hill I am improving by widening and rebuilding road-bed.

I have sent for tools to Bridgeport, as ordered, but may not get them before to-morrow night, if then.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN TILLSON,

Colonel Tenth Illinois Infantry, Commanding Forces.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Anderson's Cross-Roads, Tenn., October 12, 1863.

ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL,

Hdqrs. Dept. of the Cumberland, Chattanooga, Tenn.:

SIR: I have the honor to report that the road up the mountain is in good order and being fast improved. I have relays of fatigue men at each bend to lift wagons. Am using all my tools in repairing road-bed. I allow no trains to enter after 5 p.m., as they cannot get through after that time before dark, and have no proper camping-place on the summit; teams are also exhausted at that hour by their day's travel.

The quartermaster and wagoners, almost without exception, discharge their duties admirably, and the train guards are as, generally, remiss and neglectful. Train-guard officers are heedless, and their

