
men follow suit, straggle and depredate. To a train of Turchin's brigade I could see but two guards with the wagons, the others probably asleep inside. Steedman's train of yesterday was perfectly guarded and moved.

Very respectfully,

JOHN TILLSON,

Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Chattanooga, October 12, 1863.

Colonel JOHN TILLSON,

Anderson's Cross-Roads:

Your report of to-day has been received. The general commanding is greatly pleased with the efficient manner in which you have performed the duties assigned you. Many complaints of neglect on the part of train guards have been received. Measures are being taken for their more efficient organization. The general desires you to report and neglect on their part that may come under your observation. Gross outrages have been committed by our men on the inhabitants of the country through which our trains pass. The general commanding directs you to arrest and send under guard to these headquarters any men caught marauding, sending the charges in each case and the name of the officer in command of the force to which they belong.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. GODDARD,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Chattanooga, Tenn., October 12, 1863.

Colonel D. McCOOK,

Mouth of the Chickamauga:

I wish to send a party back toward Moccasin Gap to build some small fires, and some smoke, so concealed as to make an appearance of a strong re-enforcement concealed, and keep up this camp till further orders. You understand the object. I confide in your in your intelligence to execute the order successfully. It must be near roads and water.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND BRIGADE,North Chickamauga, October 12, 1863-2 a.m.

General GARFIELD,

Chief of Staff:

I sent a trusty down as low as the head of the island above town. I can hear of no movement. After dark the pickets here heard some men hallowing on the other side, as if driving cattle. I heard the cars about 11 o'clock. Two deserters came into Colonel

