
WASHINGTON, D. C., October 2, 1863-9.10 p.m.

Governor MORTON,

Indianapolis:

General Lew. Wallace having recently, in very curt not to say disrespectful terms, disavowed your authority to make an application for him which was granted by the Department, I must be excused from considering any request not coming from himself in respect to him.

EDWIN M. STANTON.

CHATTANOOGA, TENN., October 2, 1863-10.30 p.m. [Received 2 p.m., 3rd.]

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

The rebel cavalry, which crossed between Burnside and our left, turned our cavalry; got to Anderson, by Pikeville, before the cavalry of McCook reached there. Attacked and burned our wagons at the foot of the mountain. A general supply and ammunition train was there. The extent of the disaster is not yet known. The non-arrival of our cavalry there not yet explained, nor do we know where it is. Infantry is moving to the point from both this way and Bridgeport. The enemy still on our front, preparing and awaiting the effects of his raids. The Eleventh Corps is at Bridgeport. No advices from its commander nor from Hooker yet received.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND, Chattanooga, Tenn., October 2, 1863.

General BRAXTON BRAGG,Commanding Army of Tennessee:

GENERAL: Your two communications of the 1st instant are received. I have returned to you all your wounded in my hands that could bear transportation. You certainly cannot expect that I will send you unwounded prisoners equal in number to the wounded men whom I have taken off your hands. In the whole transaction thus far I have had in view the comfort of the wounded of both armies, and have taken greater burdens upon myself in hopes of alleviating suffering.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General, Commanding.

LOUISVILLE, October 2, 1863.

Major-General ROSECRANS:

I have telegraphed Colonel Innes to use twenty cars to run forage and rations from Nashville to the front. I hope no orders will be given that will interfere with troops and their equipments coming

