
Report progress in collecting forage and compel prompt reports of trains, &amp;c., by depot quartermasters and commissaries, as ordered. Give daily summaries of all reports and news.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Chattanooga, October 12, 1863.

Major-General HOOKER,

Stevenson:

Use every endeavor to induce the country people along the Memphis and Charleston and Chattanooga and Nashville roads to bring corn. Pay liberal prices and cash down. Push Edwards to hasten on the steam-boat. The preparation of that is of primary importance, both for your movements and mine.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Battle Creek, Tenn., October 12, 1863.

General BUTTERFIELD,

Chief of Staff:

The following is a copy of dispatch just received:

CHATTANOOGA, October 12, 1863,

Brigadier General J. D. MORGAN,

Care Major-General Howard:

Collect the men of Third Ohio and Eightieth Illinois Infantry, also any other regiments or detachments not belonging to General Hooker's command; unite them to your command, and proceed with the whole without delay to Battle Creek. Repair the road from Battle Creek to Jasper, and thence in the direction of Chattanooga; detail fatigue parties and employ citizens if you can to advantage, and provide material for a bridge over the Sequatchie River to replace the one burned.

Report your arrival and forces at Battle Creek and continue to do so daily.

J. A. GARFIELD,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

In compliance with the foregoing order, I have issued orders to Colonel Lyon, commanding post at Stevenson, Ala., to move to this point with his command, consisting of Thirteenth Wisconsin and Twenty-eighth Kentucky Infantry (mounted), as soon as relieved from duty at Stevenson.

I would respectfully request that Colonel Lyon be relieved as soon as possible as my force at this point is too small to push the work as rapidly as desired.

I am, general, with high esteem, your obedient servant,

JAMES D. MORGAN,

Brigadier-General.

STEVENSON, October 12, 1863.

Major-General SLOCUM:

The commanding general directs me to say that he had no knowledge of how you would post your troops, but presumed you would post your reserve in the vicinity of Wartrace, as a central position

