
[CHAP. XLII.

MUNFORDVILLE, October 12, 1863.

Captain M. T. HALL,

Glasgow:

Remain where you are until further orders.

E. H. HOBSON,

Brigadier-General.

MUNFORDVILLE, October 12, 1863.

Lieutenant FARMER,

Elizabethtown:

Small guerrilla force reported crossing Green River, 15 miles above this place, going north. I am sending detachment from this point in pursuit. Captain Hare will be relieved to-day and will do scouting duty exclusively. Send small force in direction of Hodgensville.

E. H. HOBSON,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS,October 12, 1863.

General FERRERO,

Commanding First Division:

GENERAL: The general commanding directs that you send your strongest brigade to Greeneville and the two remaining brigades to Henderson's Station to take the cars. Sigfried's brigade will also march to Greeneville. All your trains and ambulances and artillery will take the road to Knoxville. Everything will move at the same hour, at 6 a.m. to-morrow. These headquarters guards, Seventy-first Indiana Mounted Infantry, will form the escort to the trains.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

NICOLAS BOWEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

KNOXVILLE, October 12, 1863.

Lieutenant-Colonel RICHMOND:

Enemy crossed Hiwassee at Charleston on Saturday; occupied Athens same night. Force said to be eight regiments. I directed Colonel Wolford if the enemy was as strong as reported and attempted to get in his rear to fall back to Philadelphia or Loudon.

He fell back to Philadelphia yesterday. He telegraphed that 25 rebels entered Sweet Water to-night,and that two brigades were advancing on that place by the Cotton Port road. I have no information of any force having attempted to cross the Tennessee. Byrd has picketed the fords, and reports river too high to pass without boats. Citizens report small band of rebels crossed French Broad River yesterday above Dandridge, going in direction of Strawberry Plains. Sent cavalry scout to look after them this morning. It has not returned.

M. D. MANSON,

Brigadier-General.

