
LOUDON, October 12, 1863.

Major WILLIAM CUTTING,

Aide-de-camp:

A body of the enemy mounted appeared in front of Colonel Wolford and on his right flank yesterday, he being then at Sweet Water. The strength of it is unknown. Said by some reports to be large; by others small. I don't think Colonel Wolford is satisfied as to their strength.

He reports enemy at Athens or this side of there last evening; thinks they went in the direction between Kingston and Cotton Port. No enemy on the left flank. I think it a reconnoitering party only, and in moderate if not small force.

A field officer of Colonel Byrd's brigade reached here to-day; reports all quiet at Post Oak and Kingston. The telegraph to Kingston is not completed.

What is the news from above?

J. WHITE,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Vicksburg, October 13, 1863.

Major General JOHN A. LOGAN,

Commanding Third Division:

GENERAL: You will move your command to-morrow morning at 6.30 a.m. to Messinger's Ford via Tiffentown. Staff officers will be on the ground when the command arrives to designate the place for bivouacking.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. B. McPHERSON,

Major-general.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. THIRD DIV., 17TH ARMY CORPS,Numbers 162. Vicksburg, Miss., October 13, 1863.

* * * * * *

II. The troops of this command will move to-morrow morning at 6 o'clock precisely.

The following will be the order of march:

First Brigade, Brigadier-General Leggett commanding: One regiment of infantry (advance guard), one regiment of infantry, battery First Missouri Light Artillery, and three regiments of infantry.

Second Brigade, Brigadier-General Force commanding: Two regiments of infantry, battery Eighth Michigan Light Artillery, and two regiments of infantry.

Third Brigade, Brigadier-General Maltby commanding: Two regiments of infantry, Battery D, First Illinois Light Artillery, and two regiments of infantry.

Ammunition train, division train, and one regiment of infantry, rear guard.

The train of division headquarters will follow in the rear of First Brigade. The ambulances and headquarters trains of brigades will

