
to trial for a criminal offense, and treated in other respects in a manner not consistent with the usages of war. In the attack upon Collierville on yesterday I captured, among other prisoners, a captain and a lieutenant of the U. S. forces, whom I shall hold as hostages for Captain Cushman. They will be treated in the same manner, so far as may be possible, as he is treated, until I am notified that he has been placed upon the footing of other prisoners of was and placed upon the list for exchange. When this is done I shall take pleasure in forwarding these officers for exchange.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. R. CHALMERS,

Brigadier-General.

[OCTOBER 13, 1863.-For Sherman's dispatch to Hurlbut, from Corinth, see p. 304.]

CORINTH, October 13, 1863.

General OSTERHAUS, Iuka:

I am now here. Chalmers attacked me at Collierville, but I repulsed him. Corse's division marched from Memphis same day and hearing the enemy's cannon hurried, and the leading brigade reached me at dark, after the enemy were gone. I sent the whole division in pursuit, and I hear they had fighting last night and this morning at Mount Pleasant. General Sweeny with all of Hatch's cavalry is also out after Chalmers from La Grange, and the combined force ought to make short work of Chalmers, all of whose men are mounted. Push the railroad to Bear Creek and reconnoiter Eastport good. Report often. I will soon see you.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

POCAHONTAS, October 13, 1863.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN:

GENERAL: I have here stopped with the train of the Fifteenth Army Corps, by order of Major-General Blair. I have not forage here, and there being,as I think, no danger to this post, I wish to proceed to Corinth. I await your order.

E. SIBER,

Colonel, Comdg. Third Brigadier Second Div., 15th Army Corps.

[CORINTH,] October 13, 1863.

General CARR, La Grange:

The division I send out from Collierville is a splendid one; and I feel certain if it catches Chalmers, it will give him all he wants. By this time Sweeny and Hatch must be there too. Give me the earliest news possible. I want to assemble my special command as soon as I can here and at Iuka, therefore I want all detachments collected at their division headquarters.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

