
from the east, as soon as they are shipped. If you wish it I will remain here a few days and keep all the equipment in Government service. By so doing can ship you very large supplies to the front from Louisville. Please advise.

THOS. A. SCOTT.

NASHVILLE, October 2, 1863-9 p.m.

General GARFIELD, Chattanooga:

General Hooker requests that maps of the country in which he is to operate may be sent to him at Stevenson; also instructions as to the position of the railroad his command is to guard.

J. BATES DICKSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND, INSPECTOR-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Bob White's House, October 2, 1863-5 p.m.

Lieutenant-Colonel DUCAT,Inspector-General, Department of the Cumberland:

COLONEL: I find the courier post, reported captured, in statu quo, [vide Morton]. The couriers were scared off by the reports of fighting in Sequatchie Valley. A man just returned from Pryor's reports the post safe. The cavalrymen and drivers I sent you this afternoon can give you the most definite information I have been able to obtain about the capture of the Fifteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry train. I have seen Major Kelly and Captain Stewart, commanding the working party on this road. He has but 450 men of his own, and 115 of Eighteenth Kentucky. He can work 2,000 more. This road from near Williams' house to the ascent of the mountain is exposed to fire from across the river-of musketry. There has been several shots fired to-day from near Hutchins' house. Two of our cavalrymen, who had crossed the river for forage, were captured to-day. I have ordered 15 men, 5 to a relief, posted as sharpshooters along the bank near pioneer camp. I do not think the work on the road has progressed very rapidly. I find Captain S, has not tools enough. He says he has made proper requisitions and cannot obtain them. I think this should be brought to the attention of the general commanding. I will make a full report on my return. I go to Mullin's Creek to-morrow and return. Any orders you may have for me address Bob White's house.

In haste, respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. S. BURT,

Captain Eighteenth U. S. Infantry and Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND, Chattanooga, October 2, 1863.

Colonel HODGES, Chief Quartermaster, Nashville:

The general commanding wishes the lumber in Murfreesborough fortifications shipped to Bridgeport, where it is needed as soon as possible.

R. S. THOMS,Captain and Aide-de-Camp.

3 R R-VOL XXX, PT IV

