HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION,In the Field, Hudsonville, October 13, 1863.

Brigadier General E. A. CARR,

La Grange:

I have just received General Hurlbut's dispatch directing me "to press Chalmers to the sharpest extent; to destroy all bridges, mills, and corn-fields, from the Tallahatchie to Coldwater; to take all horses and mules south of the Tennessee line and drive in all the stock that can be available, and to report from Quinn and Jackson's Mill."

I have just returned here from Holly Springs, where I learned that Chalmers had crossed the Coldwater Sunday night on his way south, and thought it useless to follow any farther with my infantry, as he must be on the south side of the Tallahatchie by this time. I have heard nothing from the cavalry since yesterday morning, and have not the slightest idea of where they are or what they are doing at present. I will leave here for the Tallahatchie in the morning, moving in the direction of Quinn and Jackson's Mill by the way of Holly Springs, from which place I will report. I have but three days' rations, but I can get along on those for six days.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. W. SWEENY,

Brigadier-General.

I have just ascertained that my command is short for rations, coffee; please send me 300 pounds.

IN THE FIELD,

One Mile North of Holly Springs, [October 13, 1863.]

Brigadier-General SWEENY:

I have captured 9 of the enemy's pickets here, and learn from them that Chalmers' force crossed Coldwater at Quinn's Mill Sunday evening [11th]; they were west of here and in vicinity of Pigeon Roost yesterday at 10 a.m., moving south. I shall stop here for orders from you, and send Kelly down the road to Lockhart's Mill to scout it, as I presume you will not desire me to move there now.

Yours, truly,

E. W. RICE,

Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS LEFT WING, SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,La Grange, Tenn., October 13, 1863.

Colonel H. BINMORE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

General Sherman is drawing all his forces to Corinth. He ordered Corse's division to go from Collierville to Mount Pleasant, but to continue their march to the eastward, and to fall into the road again at or east of this place. He telegraphs me that Major-General Hurlbut promised him the guns of Welker's battery-six Napoleons. I replied to him that they were with Sweeny and could not be got at at present. Major-General Hurlbut notified me some time since

