
[CHAP. XLII.

that he would have to give Sherman a battery and a good one, and I had designed Richardson's for him, which is a good battery, and which I think could be transferred with greatest advantage to the service and to the two corps. Richardson wants to go. I have notified General Sherman also of this.

I presume that the attention of the major-general commanding is directed to the question of forage, but hope he will pardon me for repeating that it is a matter of almost vital importance to have plenty of food for our horses, hay as well as grain. Animals exposed to such hardships and such weather will last, even the best of them, but a few days without plenty of food, and there is but little within the usual limits of our expeditions.

As there is but little of my force remaining at Corinth and the place depends for its security upon the forces of Major-General Sherman, I propose to remain here until General Sweeny's operations culminate.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. A. CARR,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

P. S.-I would be glad for the general to give me some positive order about the guns.

E. A. C.,

Brigadier-General.

LA GRANGE, October 13, 1863-11 p.m.

(Received 14th.)

General HURLBUT:

General Sweeny's dispatch which I telegraphed you about 6 o'clock is all I have heard to-day. It left him about 12 m.

E. A. CARR,

Brigadier-General.

CAMP DAVIES, October 13, 1863.

Captain C. H. DYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

One of my scouts reports, 4,000 well-mounted men passed east on Thursday, by way of Fulton, from Okolona, to re-enforce Bragg. part of them said they belonged to Dick Taylor's command and part to Van Dorn's old command. There are yet 4,000 men at Okolona. This accords with the statement of the refugee I sent you yesterday. I am informed also the rebels are re-enforcing Bragg in every possible way, and are abandoning, for this purpose, all the country south of us. The first intention was to force a way into Tennessee past Rosecrans' right flank. There is also a rebel force on the other side of the Tennessee River below Hamburg, the strength not known. It is reported the citizens of North Alabama have arisen in favor of the union and whipped Colonel Forrest, killing, among others, one of his lieutenants. The Union people there are called the Lie-outs, and have a band of 900 organized and armed and ready to fight for us. This news comes from a man who traveled 300 miles mong them, and I believe is reliable.

P. E. BURKE,

Colonel, Commanding.

