
WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, October 13, 1863- 12.45 p.m.

Colonel THOMAS A. SCOTT,

Louisville:

It is important that you remain at Louisville for some time longer, and do not leave without first notifying me long enough beforehand to give you some further instructions. Please report daily the state of things as to transportation, &amp;c. Everything must give way to military use of the road. Any requisitions you make shall be enforced.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

LOUISVILLE, October 13, 1863- 10.30 p.m.

(Received 1.45 a.m., 14th.)

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Your message received and will be conformed to. I think I had better visit Nashville and see if matters cannot be improved. From there south the evidences that reach me here indicate that matters are in a very unsatisfactory shape.

THOS. A. SCOTT,

Colonel and Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Chattanooga, October 13, 1863.

General BRAXTON BRAGG,

Confederate Forces:

GENERAL: Some of our medical officers within your lines have sent word that they are informed they will be retained by you and forwarded to Richmond as prisoners of war. As that would be in violation of the terms of the cartel and contrary to the constant practice toward your medical officers within the lines of this army, I sincerely trust it is not so. While, therefore, writing to you to ascertain if there be any foundation for the report, I beg to remind you that such a course would be a case of peculiar and aggravated hardship, and this would deprive them of the medical attendance we had with much effort provided. I earnestly hope you will send us those medical officers now within your lines, whose services are much required with our wounded still remaining in your hands. Humanity demands their services with the wounded we received from you.

I am, very respectfully,

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Chattanooga, October 13, 1863.

Colonel WILLIAM HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners, Washington, D. C.:

Surg. L. D. Dixon, First Wisconsin Volunteers, was taken prisoner by the enemy during the recent battle. In a letter addressed to the

