
[CHAP. XLII.

chaplain of this regiment, and sent to our lines by flag of truce, he says the rebels say that under the present arrangement he is a prisoner of war. The letter was written from Ringgold on the Chattanooga and Dalton Railroad on hi way to Richmond. I am not advised of any change in the cartel and continue to regard surgeons and chaplains if the Confederate Army, who fall into my hands, as non-combatants and entitled to unconditional release as provided by existing orders. Please advise me if any change has taken place in the policy of the Government in regard to these officers, that I may be governed accordingly.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General, Commanding.

LOUISVILLE, October 13, 1863-1.35 p.m.

Major-General ROSECRANS,

Chattanooga:

Your message received. We receive here about one hundred cars per day to forward animals and equipment of the Eleventh and Twelfth corps, and the cattle, rations, and forage as ordered for your army. There is an abundance of equipment on the line between this and Bridgeport to supply one hundred and forty cars per day if they are handled promptly. The cars should be run through from Louisville to Bridgeport without transshipment or delay at Nashville that contain supplies shipped from Louisville for your army. There is a large number of horses and cattle ordered to this point which will go forward rapidly if the cars are returned. Should Colonel Innes be deficient in motive power I can borrow some engines from the Louisville road until those on the way for the Government arrive and are ready for service.

THOS. A. SCOTT,

Colonel and Aide-de-Camp.

NASHVILLE, October 13, 1863.

Brigadier-General GARFIELD,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: Colonel T. A. Scott sends me the following message this a.m.:

I have a message from General Meigs, Quartermaster-General, showing the necessity of forwarding wagons, mules, &amp;c., of eastern corps immediately. In order to do it promptly I must have flats. Please send all you can spare to Louisville and Nashville depot to-day, so that they can be brought to Louisville to-night.

THOS. A. SCOTT,

Colonel and Aide-de-Camp.

I have arranged with Colonel Simmons to send all my stockcars to Bowling Green for cattle, which I understand you are much in need of now. I can load forage just as well in flats as box-cars. If I send the stock-cars to Bowling Green and my flats to Louisville I will run short. It does seem to me there ought to be some understanding about this transportation, and I ought to act under orders only from commanding general. I receive telegrams every day to

