
[CHAP. XLII.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Chattanooga, October 13, 1863.

Major-General SHERIDAN:

The general directs me to say that General McCook reported to him that a prisoner taken in the recent battle of Chickamauga had upon his person a copy of his parole as a Vicksburg prisoner; and also an order returning him to duty on the ground stated in the order that the Vicksburg parole was illegal and not binding. General McCook was requested to make an official statement of it, but in the hurry of leaving he probably forgot to do so. The general commanding desires that you investigate the matter and make an official report of it to these headquarters.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRANK S. BOND,

Major and Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY CORPS,Chattanooga, Tenn., October 13, 1863.

Major General P. H. SHERIDAN,

Commanding Second Division, Fourth Army Corps:

GENERAL: Owing to the rain-storm the general commanding directs that the movements indicated by instructions sent to you last night, so far as they have not been made at present, be delayed until further orders, provided no part of the lines are left exposed thereby.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. S. FULLERTON,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Copy to General Wood.)
HDQRS. FIRST BRIG., FIRST DIV., 14TH ARMY CORPS,Chattanooga, October 13, 1863.

Major-General SHERIDAN:

GENERAL: Private J. S. Sanders, Company E, Third Arkansas, deserted and came to our lines this morning. His regiment has been stationed at the foot of Lookout Mountain and has been all over the mountain side. He says the enemy have one hundred and fifteen guns on the mountain side; no heavy guns. They have a number of siege guns on Missionary Ridge.

General Anderson's division of Ewell's corps arrived from Virginia Saturday night, and the enemy were looking for another division last night.

Davis and General Lee reviewed the troops where Sanders was stationed Sunday. Sanders had often seen Lee in Virginia and saw him here.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. SIDNEY POST,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade on Outpost Duty.

