HEADQUARTERS,Chattanooga, Tenn., October 13, 1863.

Captain GEORGE LEE,

Asst. Adjt. General, Second Division, Fourth Army Corps:

CAPTAIN: This morning at daylight, according to orders, my command struck camp, and are yet standing in the rain waiting to be relieved. General Hazen sent a staff officer to say he was ready to relieve my troops, but soon after sent word that he had received orders not to move until after the rain. Must my troops stand in the rain all day for the reason they obeyed orders and other did not-that is, to move at daylight? I await the general's instructions.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. D. WAGNER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

ANDERSON'S CROSS-ROADS,

October 13, 1863- 6 a.m.

Lieutenant Colonel C. GODDARD,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Dept. of the Cumberland:

COLONEL: Your communication of 6 p.m. yesterday, directing arrest, &amp;c., of depredators, received. General Morgan has ordered Colonel Smith, of Sixteenth Illinois, to assume command of forces here. Presuming that this movement supersedes the authority I received from department headquarters, I shall pass to Colonel Smith all communications and information in my hands unless ordered otherwise.

Tools from Stevenson, sent for in obedience to your orders of 10th, I expect to-day. Twenty-first Kentucky reports four companies on side of mountain next Chattanooga; remainder 1 mile beyond gulch, 7 miles from here.

Courier-line is established to connect with Colonel Palmer, 12 miles north of this, at Roberson's. Valley is well picketed. Have alternation of rifle-pit and brush-fence across my entire front, reaching from the river to the woods near the eastern mountain. River is not passable from my left front picket for 2 miles, giving perfect defense against cavalry. But few wagons to pass up this morning. Constant rain last night, still falling, makes road quite slippery.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN TILLSON,

Colonel Tenth Illinois Infantry.

[Indorsement.]

The Sixteenth Illinois had gone to Anderson's Cross-Roads on the first order sent General Morgan move there with his command. Colonel Smith ranks Tillson, which accounts for Morgan's order.

C. G.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Anderson's Cross-Roads, Tenn., October 13, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel C. GODDARD,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Dept. of the Cumberland:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that I reached this point, with the Sixteenth Illinois Volunteers and Beebe's Tenth Wisconsin

