
[CHAP. XLII.

Battery on the evening of October 11, and on the day following assumed command of the U. S. forces here, in compliance with orders from Brigadier General J. D. Morgan. I found the arrangements for defense and properly repairing the road over the mountain well devised and executed by Colonel John Tillson, Tenth Illinois Volunteers, my predecessor.

I will endeavor to complete the work thus begun as speedily as possible. The heavy rain of the last twenty-four hours has greatly damaged the roads, and will necessitate the detail of a large fatigue force to repair them. I will also endeavor to procure some rope, which will facilitate the assistance of trains over the mountain. I have no doubt with the force here I will be able to advance the trains as fast as they arrive. No rebels have been seen, nor can I hear of any, in this vicinity.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. F. SMITH,

Colonel, Commanding.
HDQRS. SECOND BRIG., SECOND DIV., 14TH ARMY CORPS,North Chickamauga, October 13, 1863.

Brigadier-General GARFIELD, Chief of Staff:

According to orders received from General Rosecrans I sent Colonel Dilworth with three companies to Moccasin Gap, where they arrived about 2 a.m. last night. They built the fires around the church in the gap, which they will keep until further orders. Inclosed you will please find a map* of this section as far out as Walden's Ridge. It is made upon the last piece of tracing paper that I have. Can't the Engineer Department furnish me with draughting paper? I'll map up all this country. The maps furnished by the department are wrong in almost every particular.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

DANL. McCOOK,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

NASHVILLE, October 13, 1863-5.40 p.m.

Brigadier-General GARFIELD, Chief of Staff:

Brigadier-General Morgan has ordered the Thirteenth Wisconsin and Twenty-eighth Kentucky, First Brigade, my division, to move to Battle Creek. He claims to do this by order from you. Major-General Hooker telegraphs to know if this is right.

R. S. GRANGER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Post.

STEVENSON, October 13, 1863.

General GRANGER, Nashville:

Anything by telegraph or otherwise from the direction of Columbia concerning the whereabouts of the raiders or our cavalry pursuing?

DANL. BUTTERFIELD,

Major-General, Chief of Staff.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

