HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY FORCES,Rankin's Ferry, October 13, 1863.

Major W. H. SINCLAIR,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Cavalry Command:

MAJOR: I have the honor to report all still quiet here; captured one man in rebel uniform yesterday, attempting to cross to the other side of the river. A rebel mail was taken at the residence of a citizen; was opened and read, and burned in the presence of a patrol. It contained no information worthy to report. Orders have been given to him that everything captured be brought hereafter to these headquarters. A boat was taken yesterday at the foot of Oats Island, where the mail was crossed. I have ordered a dismounted patrol from Eyler's Ford to the foot of Oats Island under cover. I have also established a picket under cover at the foot of Oats Island. Another mail is expected from the other side this week, and I have taken measures to endeavor to capture it.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. P. WELLS,

Captain Second Michigan Cavalry, Commanding.
HDQRS. THIRD BRIGADE, FIRST CAVALRY DIVISION,Caperton's Ferry, Ala., October 13, 1863.

Major FRANK S. BOND,

Aide-de-Camp, Hdqrs. Department of the Cumberland:

MAJOR: No enemy has been seen down the river as far as Larkinsville, except their pickets and patrols across the river. It is reported that the rebels are conscripting in Huntsville.

Inclosed I send you a report* of the medical director of the brigade pertaining to the condition of this command. I would respectfully state that quite a number of reports have been forwarded through the proper channels, with a hope that the command could be somewhat bettered by it, but as yet nothing has been done, and I taken this liberty to call your attention to the fact.

I have the honor to be, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

LOUIS D. WATKINS,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS CHIEF OF CAVALRY,New Market, October 13, 1863-9.30 a.m.

General CROOK,

Commanding Second Division Cavalry:

GENERAL: Roddey came down here from toward Salem yesterday p.m.; he met our advance near here, and turned back immediately; came to New Market and turned to the left as you come this way, and has gone in the direction of Sulphur Springs and Athens.

The general commanding directs that you immediately turn out all broken-down horses and send them with the dismounted men to Decherd. With the remainder of your command strike by the most direct route to Athens, and you will strike them. We have reports

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

