
[CHAP. XLII.

that they design trying to cross at Brown's Ferry. From citizens we learn they consider themselves in a tight fix, and they say that unless they get re-enforcements they are gone up; therefore make forced marches and you will strike them.

I am throwing out my poor horses, and will pursue them closely. Use all possible dispatch in getting off and travel fast, and we shall capture them. The general thinks you will be able to strike them and we can use them up.

I am, your obedient servant,

WM. H. SINCLAIR,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS CHIEF OF CAVALRY,DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,

Twenty Miles from Athens, October 13, 1863-3 p.m.

[General CROOK:]

GENERAL: The general commanding directs me to say that he has concluded to discontinue the pursuit of Roddey, as he thinks he has the start of us so much that it would not be possible to overtake him to-night, and he would probably get across the Tennessee during the night, and to follow him farther would be uselessly wearing out our horses, which are already very badly worn down. You will therefore countermarch your column, and move by the most direct and best route to Winchester.

I remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. H. SINCLAIR.

STEVENSON, October 13, 1863-10 a.m.

Lieutenant-Colonel GODDARD,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Chattanooga:

Dispatch of October 12 received. I know of no rebel pickets established nearer than those already reported on the south side of the Tennessee River. Please see report of refugee reported by General Howard yesterday. The last of last week Major-General Howard sent some small foraging parties down the river about 5 miles on the south side to some corn-fields, and it is not unlikely the enemy may have dispatched a small force to stop it. This I will ascertain as soon as I am provided with the means to prosecute the foraging. If there is any picket there it will be knocked out of the way.

JOSEPH HOOKER,

Major-General, Commanding.

STEVENSON, October 13, 1863-10 a.m.

Lieutenant-Colonel GODDARD:

Your dispatch of yesterday indicates that Colonel Watkins is of my command. Is this so? Yesterday I required a squadron of cavalry to go as an escort for the wagons of the Eleventh Corps, expected at Decherd Thursday next, when colonel Watkins reported

