
[CHAP. XLII.

STEVENSON, October 13, 1863.

Major-General SLOCUM,

Wartrace:

Have you any reports from the raiders, their whereabouts, or from our cavalry in pursuit of them? Send to Colonel Galbraith at Shelbyville to bring you intelligence.

DANL. BUTTERFIELD,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. TWELFTH CORPS,

Numbers 26. Murfreesborough, Tenn., October 13, 1863.

Pursuant to orders received from Major-General Hooker, commanding defenses of the Nashville and Chattanooga Railroad, the undersigned hereby assumes command of all the troops on the line of the above road, between Murfreesborough and Tantalon.

This order will be published at every post in this command.

H. W. SLOCUM,

Major-General Of Volunteers, Commanding.

DECHERD, October 13, 1863.

Lieutenant-colonel RODGERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Nothing has occurred along my lines. A citizen reports 500 rebel cavalry going toward Union yesterday from south. I have sent out scouts.

A. S. WILLIAMS,

Brigadier-General.
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, TWELFTH ARMY CORPS,Decherd, Tenn., October 13, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel H. C. RODGERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Twelfth Army Corps:

COLONEL: I have the honor to acknowledge receipt of your dispatch of 12th instant at 11 o'clock this morning, which I immediately answered by telegraph as follows:

I have Twentieth Connecticut at Cowan and Third Maryland at tunnel, 2 miles beyond. Colonel Ross commanding at Cowan and vicinity. Tantalon is held by Eleventh Corps, ordered by General Hooker. Ruger has One hundred and seventh New York, Second Massachusetts, and Third Wisconsin at Elk River and intermediate points. Colonel Hawley is senior officer. General Ruger has with him the other three regiments of his brigade at Tullahoma. General Knipe has his four other regiments here and vicinity. Woodbury's battery is here. Best's has not reported to me. I shall probably send two guns to Cowan. Do you require daily reports of strength or occurrences and changes only? I reported disposition of troops on the 10th. We have no transportation and are out of rations and forage. Some forage could be got if we had teams.

I send this communication by first train as the telegraph could not be depended upon. I hope to be able to-day to forward to you the reports of the brigade commanders with full particulars. I ordered them (see copy of Special Orders, Numbers 104, sent you by Captain Beman) on the 11th.

I am, colonel, your obedient servant,

A. S. WILLIAMS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

