
[CHAP. XLII.

The following is a statement of the disposition of my command: Second Brigade, Colonel G. A. Cobham, headquarters at Christiana. One hundred and eleventh Pennsylvania Volunteers, Lieutenant Colonel T. M. Walker, at Christiana, on picket duty and patrolling the railroad from within 3 miles of Murfreesborough to Murray's Cut.

One hundred and ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers, Captain F. L. Gimber, at the Milersburg and Columbus Cross-Roads, on picket and patrolling railroad to connect with One hundred and eleventh Pennsylvania Volunteers.

Twenty-ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers, Colonel W. Rickards, at Forsterville (two companies at Shelbyville), on picket patrolling railroad to Bell Buckle, and connecting with One hundred and ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers.

Third Brigade, Brigadier General G. S. Greene, headquarters at Murfreesborough.

Seventy-eighth New York Volunteers, Lieutenant Colonel H. von Hammerstein, on railroad bridge over west fork of Stone's River, about 3 miles south of Murfreesborough.

Sixtieth New York Volunteers, Colonel A. Godard; One hundred and second New York Volunteers, Colonel Lane, and Nineteenth Michigan Volunteers, Colonel H. C. Gilbert, stationed at Murfreesborough, near railroad depot.

One hundred and forty-ninth New York Volunteers, Lieutenant Colonel C. B. Randall; Twenty-second Wisconsin Volunteers, Colonel W. L. Utley, and detachments of convalescents, in Fortress Rosecrans, near Murfreesborough.

Fortress Rosecrans, Major C. Houghtaling, First Illinois Light Artillery, commanding.

Detachment of dismounted cavalry, Lieutenant Colonel J. J. Seibert, on Court-House Square, Murfreesborough.

Detachment of Fourth East Tennessee Cavalry, Lieutenant Colonel J. M. Thornburgh, at Murfreesborough when not out on scouting duty.

Detachment of infantry, First Brigade, Fourth Division, Fourteenth Army Corps, Lieutenant G. W. Boggess, near Fortress Rosecrans.

First Brigade, Colonel C. Candy, headquarters at Duck River.

Seventh and Sixty-sixth Ohio Volunteers, at Wartrace.

Twenty-eighth and One hundred and forty-seventh Pennsylvania Volunteers, at Duck River.

Fifth and Twenty-ninth Ohio Volunteers, at Normandy trestle.

I have telegraphed to Colonel Candy for a detailed statement of his posts and their commanding officers names, but have not received it. I will forward it as soon as it comes to hand.

The One hundred, and thirty-seventh New York Volunteers, Colonel D. Ireland, of Third Brigade, is guarding wagons going to Tantalon.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNumbers W. GEARY,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Chattanooga, October 13, 1863-2 a.m.

COMMANDING OFFICER,

Murfreesborough:

The general commanding directs you, immediately on the receipt of this dispatch-no matter at what time of night it reaches you-

