
[CHAP. XLII.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,

Numbers 169. Cincinnati, Ohio, October 13, 1863.

Surg. William S. King, U. S. Army, having reported to the major-general commanding, in obedience to the orders of the War Department, is announced as medical director of this department, to date from the 8th instant. He will be respected accordingly. Until further orders his headquarters will be Cincinnati, Ohio.

By command of Major-General Burnside:

N. H. McLEAN,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SOUTHERN CENTRAL KENTUCKY,Munfordville, Ky., October 13, 1863.

Captain A. C. SEMPLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

When the guerrilla Captain Richardson passed through the county toward Lebanon railroad it was his intention to rob the bank at Greensburg; also destroy the papers of commissioner of internal revenue, whose headquarters are at that place. Captain Richardson stopped near that place, but was prevented from carrying his plans into execution, having learned that a Federal force was at the place. Permit me to suggest the propriety of sending one company from Lebanon to Greensburg to protect the bank and interval-revenue office. It would also give timely notice of rebels passing between Glasgow and Columbia, one of their main routes. If you adopt my suggestions, please give me notice, as it will aid me materially in driving out guerrillas, and afford great protection to the country south of that place.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HOBSON,

Brigadier-General.

PHILADELPHIA, October 13, 1863.

General MANSON:

The rebel scout that came into Sweet Water last night remained there only a few minutes, and then left, being bearer of dispatch to troops coming up from the direction of Cotton Port toward Sweet Water.

The troops are thought to have camped about 10 miles from Sweet Water, close to Prigmore's farm. A soldier of the Eighth Michigan, who was left by Colonel Byrd between Athens and Calhoun, has made his way through them in citizen's clothing, without being paroled. He thinks they have about the same number that they heretofore had, somewhere between 8,000 and 10,000. The soldier is quite an intelligent man, by the name of Clarke. He came through the woods, avoiding the rebels as much as possible. Did not see infantry or artillery and got his information mostly from hearing the citizens at different places talk.

Captain Scott has returned from Prigmore's, bringing very little news. A small regiment that had camped there left last night, falling back toward Cotton Port. He followed as far as was prudent

