
[CHAP. XLII.

and foresight been exercised by the chaplains, who have pretended to look after them, they would have been comfortably prepared for winter out of their own labor.

But this whole business has been thrown into the hands of men utterly incompetent by education and position to control these people, and who in many instances have neglected their trust. Orders now require that these camps be in the hands of military officers who must reduce this black chaos into order, and the chaplains be confined to their legitimate duties. More time and money has been squandered than can ever be repaid or accounted for. Industry must be enforced for a time upon this people until it becomes a habit.

You will cause a return to be made of all contrabands of both sexes within your command not actually taken up on military rolls, and report the same with the names of the military officers in charge as soon as practicable. Let the ages be set forth also, and the physical ability.

Your obedient servant,

S. A. HURLBUT,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Memphis, Tenn., October 14, 1863.

Brigadier General A. J. SMITH,

Commanding Sixth Division, Columbus, Ky.:

GENERAL: It is reported that Biffle and Newsom from the north, combining all the scattered bands in West Tennessee, are to be joined by Richardson from the south at Poplar Corner, in Madison County, west of Jackson, of Friday next, to make an attack on Fort Pillow. They expect to have 3,000 men, and also expect a battery from Tennessee River. I think Richardson will not get there as he is now being hotly driven south by Hatch and his cavalry. I will send a force from here to look them up; meanwhile the garrison at Fort Pillow should be advised of the proposed movement.

We have had several brushes with the enemy in heavy force along this line. He attacked Collierville with over 3,000 and with artillery. We had but 500, but is so happened that Sherman was the with a battalion of Thirteenth Regulars, and after several hours he was repulsed. Our loss heavy-20 killed, 60 wounded, and about 100 prisoners. Enemy's loss about 95, so far as we can learn. We had no artillery.

They fell back below Coldwater. Hatch engaged them yesterday.

I have no news of the result as yet.

Your obedient servant,

S. A. HURLBUT,

Major-General.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,In the Field, Hudsonville, October 14, 1863-7 a.m.

Brigadier General E. A. CARR,

Commanding La Grange:

SIR: I send you a prisoner captured at Holly Springs. I think the coffee had better not be sent, as it is doubtful that it can overtake us. The men will probably suffer for rations some, but think

