
can get along. I shall start immediately on my return to Holly Springs. I send the inclosed dispatch from Colonel Hatch this morning. Had he communicated with me before, I should have been able to checkmate the enemy, but I fear it is too late. I shall, however, make a forced march to the Tallahatchie.

T. W. SWEENY,

Brigadier-General.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY DIVISION,In the Field, October 13, 1863-4 p.m.

Brigadier General T. W. SWEENY:

GENERAL: I met enemy en route from Collierville, 2 miles south of Byhalia, yesterday 2 p.m.; drove him 4 miles after three hours' skirmish fighting; have followed him all this day, having skirmished their rear guard every step of the way. Am just opening a battle within three-fourths of a mile of the bridge, which here commands the Tallahatchie River. They have artillery and infantry, and their main force is still on this side. I am pressing them into the river.

E. HATCH,

Colonel, Commanding.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,In the Field, Cox's Cross-Roads, October 14, 1863.

Brigadier General E. A. CARR,

Comdg. Left Wing, Sixteenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: I left Hudsonville at 7.30 a.m. to-day, and by a forced march arrived at this place at 4 p.m., a distance of 17 miles. I struck the head of Colonel Hatch's cavalry column, on its return at this place, the enemy having been driven across the Tallahatchie, and some distance beyond until it scattered. I shall return by way of Quinn's Mill as directed by General Hurlbut, starting to-morrow morning. If possible, should like two days' rations for 3,000 men, of sugar, coffee and hard bread send me at Quinn's Mill, as I shall be there to-morrow night. If they could be sent from Collierville, it would be much be much the nearer and better way. My command has but one day's rations. The instructions in reference to bringing in horses and mules, and destroying bridges and corn-fields [were received.]

Respectfully,

T. W. SWEENY,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION,In the Field, Hudsonville, Miss., October 14, 1863.

Colonel E. HATCH,

Commanding Cavalry Division, In the Field:

I just received your dispatch. Not having heard anything from you, and having heard that the enemy had succeeded in crossing at Quinn's Mill, I had started to retrace my steps, moving back from Holly Springs to this place yesterday. I shall start immediately for

23 R R-VOL XXX, PT IV.

