
[CHAP. XLII.

the Tallahatchie to join you, making forced marches. Could I have had a communication from you before,or known of your whereabouts, I would have been at the Tallahatchie in time to prevent their crossing and given them a trashing. Cause the men to be very sparing of their rations. Inform me of the state of things in front, movements, &amp;c.

T. W. SWEENY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. 1ST BRIG., 2nd DIV., 16TH A. C.,Numbers 119. In the Field, October 14, 1863.

The troops of this command will subsist on half rations. The men must be economical with coffee.

By order of Colonel E. W. Rice, commanding:

D. T. BOWLER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

WASHINGTON, October 14, 1863-12.50 p.m.

Memphis, Tenn.:

Yours of the 10th is received. The important matter to be attended to is that of supplies. When Eastport can be reached by boats the use of the railroad can be dispensed with; but until that time it must be guarded as far as used. The Kentucky road can barely supply General Rosecrans. All these matters must be left to your own judgment, as circumstances may arise. Should the enemy be so strong as to prevent your going to Athens or connecting with General Rosecrans, you will, nevertheless, have assisted him greatly by drawing away a part of the enemy's forces.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-chief.

MEMPHIS, October 14, 1863- 11 a.m

Major-General SHERMAN:

Arrived this morning. Will be off in a few hours. My orders are only to go to Cairo, and report from there by telegraph. McPherson will be in Canton to-day. He will remain there until Sunday or Monday next, and reconnoiter as far eastward as possible with cavalry in the mean time.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE TENNESSEE,Corinth, October 14, 1863.

Major-General GRANT,

Memphis:

Railroad repaired to Bear Creek. Osterhaus at Iuka. John E. Smith at Burnsville. All my troops in motion by land. It is raining and roads heavy. I am collecting provisions and forage to the

