
Hatch is on the heels of Chalmers, pushing him toward Panola. Road all clear and working well. I will begin to send stores to Iuka. Corse's division is at Saulsbury. As soon as he comes I will come on. Push the repairs up to Bear Creek. I will soon have another division with you, as soon as I hear from Sweeny. Have you any confirmation of the report that Lee's cavalry was resisted in passing the Tennessee River at Tuscumbia? Do you hear anything of Union troops north of the Tennessee?

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

CORINTH, October 14, 1863.

General OSTERHAUS,

Iuka:

General John E. Smith's division will move to Burnville. I wish you to provide all the materials for a bridge at Bear Creek, and as soon as Corse comes up, say two days, I will come forward and we will push on. Are there any boats at Eastport? I have no cavalry at all.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Iuka, Miss., October 14, 1863.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN,

Corinth, Miss.:

GENERAL: I have just returned from Eastport. It is not more than 8 miles there, and the road is very good. Eastport itself is utterly destroyed. The river, which is now at a very low stage, is deep and at least 400 yards wide. There is no prospect whatever for a ford; no other than a pontoon or boat bridge will stand the current, which is very swift. The country between here and Eastport is intersected by many roads leading in every direction. I patrolled most of them and inquired about the movements of the enemy, but nobody was seen the last few days. At Eastport I could not find the vestige of a rebel. I fired across the river to attract attention, but everything remained quiet. I ordered my cavalry to follow the river down and return by way of Glendale. In my opinion there is no rebel force of any consequence this side of Tuscumbia, excepting, perhaps, some cavalry at the foot of Muscle Shoals.

P. J. OSTERHAUS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

SAULSBURY, October, 14, 1863.

Major-General SHERMAN:

In consequence of the rain I cannot make Corinth before day after to-morrow. Roads very slippery. Division all right. Spooner is with me with three of his regiments. The other two are with Sweeny.

JOHN M. CORSE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Fourth Division.

