
[CHAP. XLII.

CIRCULAR.] HDQRS. FOURTH DIV., 15TH ARMY CORPS,

October 14, 1863.

This command will move to-morrow morning, Spooner's brigade taking the advance. Colonel Spooner will see that the road is cleared at 5.30 a.m. Colonel Cockerill will follow with his command, so as to have road clear behind him at 6.15 a.m. Colonel Hicks will take up the line of march so soon as he finds the road clear, followed by Colonel Loomis, who will close up the rear and furnish guard for division train; also throw out a strong rear guard.

Brigade commanders will use every exertion to prevent straggling and all irregularities to a rapid march. The command will endeavor to make Tuscumbia Creek in season to select good camping-ground.

While it is desirable to keep division as compact as possible, brigade commanders will exercise their discretion, making such halts and at such times as is conducive to the interest and comfort of their men, being careful not to conflict with or encroach upon the rights of other brigades.

By order of Brigadier General John M. Corse:

E. B . HARLAN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, D. C., October 14, 1863- 2 a.m.

Colonel THOMAS A. SCOTT,

Louisville:

It is very desirable you should visit Nashville quickly as possible. Elections in Ohio and Pennsylvania are believed to have gone strongly Union, but you have no doubt received details.

Lee has been moving up and Meade falling back toward Washington.

EDWIN M. STANTON.
HEADQUARTERS, Louisville, Ky., October 14, 1863- 1 p.m.

(Received 5.10 p.m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON,Secretary of War:

Did not receive your message until 11 a.m.-too late to start to-day. Will ship 700 animals, one hundred wagons, twenty ambulances, 200 tons of commissary stores to-day, and will load several trains during the night if the property arrives from Indianapolis. Visit Nashville to-morrow. Political news good. Hope Meade will punish Lee.

THOS. A. SCOTT,

Colonel and Aide-de-Camp.

LOUISVILLE, October 14, 1863.

General ROSECRANS:

There ar three millions of rations to be shipped to your army. Can your chief commissary arrange to have the rations consigned some officer at Bridgeport, so that we could ship directly through

