
instructed by me to conform to this principle, viz, that they were responsible for the work being assigned to the details and the tools furnished to execute it with; and that the officers who appeared in charge of the details should be held responsible for their diligence and discipline, failures in the enforcement of which should be reported by the engineer officers to me.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. ST. C. MORTON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Pioneer Brigade.

Lieutenant Mather, Thirty-fifth Ohio, reported to Lieutenant Gillespie, who told him the working was left to commanders of details, and as weather was bad he went to quarters.

Lieutenant Agnew, Eighty-seventh Indiana, reported to General Morton, who told him it was discretionary with him to work or not. He returned to quarters and reported to his colonel (Gleason), who ordered the men dismissed.

Lieutenant Racek reported to an engineer officer; don't know his name. He assigned work; men refused. General Morton came up and I reported to him. Asked him what to do. He answered he didn't know; he was not responsible for discipline of men. The men all refused and I went to quarters.

Engineer officers present:Lieutenant Gillespie, Lieutenant Murray, Captain Babcock, Lieutenant Chandler. General Morton passed on way to bridge.

Lieutenant Lockwood, One hundred and fifth Ohio, was the last detail. An engineer officer, don't know his name, told him the three other details had gone to quarters, but that it rested with him to go or stay. He went.

[Indorsement.]

OFFICE OF CHIEF ENGINEER,

October 14, 1863.

Respectfully forwarded.

Comment by me seems quite unnecessary.

WM. F. SMITH,

Chief Engineer.
HEADQUARTERS,Chattanooga and Bridgeport Courier-Line,

October 14, 1863.

Lieutenant M. J. KELLY,

Chief of Couriers, Chattanooga, Tenn.:

LIEUTENANT: I sent a sergeant this morning to see about the telegraph; the wire is cut about 8 miles from Chattanooga. The sergeant was shot at four times, but fortunately escaped unhurt. Dispatches are coming through from Bridgeport, but I have not received Lieutenant Lawless' report yet. Did you receive my report last night, and can you furnish the men I asked for?

Respectfully,

JOHN W. FORRESTER,

Captain, Fifth Kentucky Cav. Vols., Comdg. Courier-Line.

