
from there to Mount Pleasant. At that place I found nearly all secesh, and much wealth around the place; fine lands, &amp;c.

From there I went to Hampshire; I found nearly all Union at that place; the land is rich and the people well informed. I staid with one Mr. Beard, near Hampshire. I found him a good and true Union man, but I did not tell him my true name. From there I went to Williamsport, on Duck River, and while there I made a discovery that is worth your notice; there were four wagons passed here loaded with cloth and spun thread, under the charge of a rebel soldier and officer named Hampton, but the goods all belonged to one W. J. Porter of the Crescent factory, who was sending these goods to Clarksville to smuggle them in and get family supplies and oil to run his factory, and salt, so one of the wagoners told me, and sure enough on the return of the wagons a friend told me that they had a barrel lard-oil, a barrel salt, and sack coffee, and a quantity of goods. Is it not strange that the commander of the post at Clarksville would allow this for a rebel factory, upholding the rebels with cloth and means, as I have before stated? The wagoners stated they got the goods from a man named Parker in Clarksville; these wagons returned to Lawrence County. While there I learned some other things important; there is a rebel colonel named Dunc. Cooper, who has made up two companies bushwhackers, Captain F. P. Scot County told me, and he told me that Captain Scot and his lieutenants, W. Jobe Boswell and Mr. Flatt and one J. C. Chafin, were the worst men on earth in secretly killing Union men, robbing Union men, stealing horses; and he told me that only thirty days ago they got after a Union man named Bently at Centreville, tried to kill him, and stole twenty bales cotton from him.

I understand the same men robbed an old Union man named J. N. Puckett, and he had to run away to Nashville to save his life. They robbed a man named George Evins, in Dickson County, by Bell's Furnace, of 5 head horses and mules; they are a terror to the whole country, and those men ought not to be permitted to live and should be killed by all means. Union men nor Union sentiment cannot exist where they are allowed to stay, and strange to say they are to be prisoners and return here.

There is a Captain J. Nix, with 13 bushwhackers, near Centreville, on Duck River, and at Centreville I understand the men of property there indorse and uphold this bushwhacking and stealing crowd of bushwhackers, and feed them and keep them there. If you could see this old man Puckett at Nashville, he could tell the names of those rebels that deserve punishment at Centreville. They have a great many fine mules and horses there in county, &c. I saw a man from Charlotte, in Dickson County. He told me that there was some bushwhackers at or near Weems' Springs; that there was about 20 at Pine Wood Factory; that there was one Captain Andrew Ray, with 30 men, at Mrs. Adams', on Yellow Creek, nearly always there staying and went back and forth to Kentucky to break open stores, and steal horses and mules, and that they had killed 8 Union men on Yellow Creek in cold blood. Captain Ray had married a wife near Mrs. Adams', a Mrs. Harriet Nichols, and there was a Captain Thompson, with 35 bushwhackers, below Andrew Brown's, on Yellow Creek, and that a few staid at the head of Yellow Creek, at Williamsville, and all these men are, or nearly so, rogues, bushwhackers, and committing all manner of mischief, and will not allow any farmer to

