
port. I beg to forward herewith the statement of Lieutenant Spear, Seventy-fourth Indiana Volunteers, and also a map of the roads passed over.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNumbers BEATTY,

Brigadier-General.

[Inclosure.]

POE'S TAVERN, TENN., October 11, 1863.

James A. Spear, first lieutenant Company B, Seventy-fourth Indiana Volunteer Infantry, being arrested for allowing his men to kill a cow, makes the following statement; When asked by one of his men if it would be any harm to kill the cow, answered, "It will not hurt you;" and that he made no effort whatever to prevent them, and said nothing more to them only, " I expect some of you may be arrested." He says that his men have no rations except a few crackers, and that it being so customary in the brigade to which he belonged to permit the men to forage that he thought no notice would be taken of it.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Chattanooga, October 16, 1863.

Respectfully forwarded for the information of the major-general commanding the department.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Chattanooga, October 14, 1863.

Lieutenant-Colonel MILWARD,

Comdg. 18th Kentucky Vols., on New Road, Bridgeport:

It is reported that squads of rebels are crossing the river. The general commanding direct that you look to them. Report daily to these headquarters the number of men you have, and what they are doing.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. McMICHAEL,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Camp Battle Creek, Tenn., October 14, 1863.

Lieutenant-Colonel GODDARD,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Department Headquarters:

COLONEL: I have nothing of particular moment to report to-day. The rain still continues and the roads getting bad. I sent orders to Colonel Smith, commanding at Anderson's Cross-Roads, to render every assistance to the trains going forward and repairing the road, if it took, every man of his command. The command here will be

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

24 R R-VOL XXX, PT IV

