
[CHAP. XLII.
HEADQUARTERS ELEVENTH CORPS,October 14, 1863.

Major General DANIEL BUTTERFIELD,

Chief of Staff:

Scouting party went toward Shellmound 5 miles; captured 2 rebel cavalrymen and 2 citizens. They confirmed former reports. No infantry this side of Lookout Mountain. Two cavalry regiments, the Ninth Kentucky and Eighth Confederate, both small, are near Trenton. They communicate over Lookout Mountain by a road called Nickajack trail, crossing about 5 miles from Chattanooga; also by Summertown road, debouching near Trenton. One man says the rebels believe General Rosecrans cannot supply himself at Chattanooga and will have to fall back.

[O. O. HOWARD,.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Chattanooga, October 14, 1863-10 p.m.

Major-General HOWARD,

Bridgeport:

Rains will render a pontoon bridge necessary across the Sequatchie near Jasper. Please inquire at once if there be spare pontonier force and wagons at your post to send to Battle Creek; haul the materials from thence, and, aided by General Morgan's men, put up the structure. Answer.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

WASHINGTON, October 14, 1863-9.30 a.m.

Major-General BURNSIDE,

East Tennessee:

I have received no dispatches from you since the 7th till this morning, and have no information of the condition or position of your troops. When you were urged to move down the river to General Rosecrans' assistance, that operation was deemed safe and of great importance. The condition of affairs may now be different. You certainly should hold Kingston, and as far below as may seem prudent.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-chief.

PHILADELPHIA, October 14, 1863.

General BURNSIDE:

The main body of the enemy has fallen back. They have a few hundred upon my right and left which I am trying to catch.

I had 8 privates and 1 lieutenant captured by them yesterday. We have taken at different time within the last few days 45 prisoners; most of them have taken the oath. I am sending all, both those that take the oath and those that do not, to the rear. I have scouts out in every direction, and keep them out continually.

I will hear from Charleston and Cleveland to-morrow morning.

