
a larger number of plantations on which the crops for the present year will have to be gathered, and then planted for the next year Northern Union men will be invited to come here and engage in the work, until we make, if possible, the whole negro population selfsupporting.

The present commissioners will continue to act until December 31, and lease the plantations for the next year, when they desire to withdraw to attend to their private business.

For the next year the work will be very laborious, and I desire 3 persons to take their places, and I would suggest at salaries sufficiently large to take their places, and I would suggest at salaries sufficiently large to secure active, upright, business men. I would fix the salaries at $5,000 per annum. A secretary and treasurer will also be necessary, who should give bonds for the faithful disbursement of the funds to be placed in his hands.

His salary might be $3,000. I know of no persons for these positions, and if you approve I request that you appoint the new commissioners and treasurer.

I cannot too urgently press upon your attention the necessity of employing the very best men that can be found. It is a significant fact that while transports on the river have been frequently fired into by the rebels, not a single shot has been fired from that line of the river covered by leased plantations extending for 75 miles above Vicksburg, which shows the importance to commerce of lining the river with a loyal population.

I have, sir, the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. THIRD DIV., 17TH ARMY CORPS,Numbers 164. Brownsville, Miss., October 15, 1863.

The Second Brigade will have the advance to-morrow, followed by the Third Brigade, and the Third Brigade by the First Brigade. In other respects the order of march will be the same as to-day.

All regimental commanders will have a rear guard to arrest stragglers, and any officer or man found away from his command will be reported to these headquarters. Lieutenant C. C. Williams is charged with the general supervision of all the trains. He will be respected and obeyed accordingly.

By order of Major-General Logan:

SAMUEL CALDWELL,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

CAIRO, October 15, 1863.

(Received 6.10 p.m.)

Honorable GIDEON WELLES,

Washington:

SIR: The Tennessee is falling again, and the Ohio has also gone down. There is less water in the Ohio now than has been known for some years. There will be no rise of any consequence in the Ohio and Tennessee until the middle of November.

Very respectfully,

D. D. PORTER,

Acting Rear-Admiral.

