
The first telegram I received from Colonel Hatch in connection with this raid was an order from him to me to send all the cavalry from Corinth to him.

This I had already done on the orders of the general. As more came in, I sent more, and sent it straight at the enemy, so that if the cavalry from La Grange had gone straight at him they would have co-operated. I now regret that I had not at least expressed my opinion to the general about the policy of having two separate commands operating on the same ground, but I was afraid he would think I wished to increase my own command. I consider Colonel Hatch solely responsible for the movements of the cavalry during this raid. He certainly did not act under my instructions nor, so far as I can learn, under those of General Sweeny. General Sweeny's infantry might perhaps have been better placed if he had been cognizant of all the movements of our cavalry and of the enemy, but he was working entirely in the dark, and not knowing where to go, naturally took a central position.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. A. CARR,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

LA GRANGE, October 15, 1863.

General SWEENY,

Commanding in the Field, near Quinn's Mill:

Send the regiments of Sherman's command now with you to Collierville by 9 o'clock to-morrow morning to take train for Corinth.

E. A. CARR,

Brigadier-General.

LA GRANGE, October 15, 1863.

Major-General HURLBUT:

General Sweeny is on his return, the enemy having been driven across the Tallahatchie and beyond, but they scattered. Will be at Quinn's Mill to-night. Your orders will be carried out.

E. A. CARR,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Memphis, Tenn., October 15, 1863.

Brigadier General E. A. CARR,

La Grange, Tenn.:

General Dodge has returned and will relieve you to-morrow.

S. A. HURLBUT,

Major-General.

LA GRANGE, October 15, 1863.

General HURLBUT:

I propose to return to Corinth to-morrow and have Bane's brigade march there, starting on the 17th and making a little circuit to the

