
strong, cavalry. He made his escape and reached the top of the mountain and remained in the vicinity till about 4 o'clock p.m., and while there saw the train burning; that there were from 300 to 400 men with the train as guard, who were probably captured, as he saw but a few men, not over 10, who escaped. He saw the rebels take a portion of the train up the valley road with some of our soldiers as prisoners.

R. H. CLIFF.

[First indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Chattanooga, October 2, 1863.

Respectfully forwarded for the information of the general commanding the department.

GEO. H. THOMAS.

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

[Second indorsement.]

What number of wagons did they take away?

W. S. R.,Major-General.

[Third indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Chattanooga, October 2, 1863.

Respectfully returned.

Lieutenant Tucker's [quartermaster Ninth Michigan] train consisted of 34 wagons, 8 of which he loaded with rations and sent forward in charge of Cliff. The balance he has with him at Stevenson. Lieutenant Stiles had 250 wagons in his train, all of which he reported this afternoon as having been destroyed. Cliff thinks there must have been 300 to 400 wagons at the foot and going up the mountain, mostly general supply and ammunition wagons, some of the Third Division, Twentieth Army Corps. Cannot tell how many were destroyed or taken away. Heard one ammunition wagon explode while on the top of mountain. The enemy pursued about half-way up the mountain. They took the wagons back the same way they had come themselves. The road going up the mountain was full of wagons. The drivers were unhitching their saddle-mules and coming this way.

GEO. H. THOMAS,Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH DIVISION, FOURTEENTH CORPS, Chattanooga, Tenn., October 2, 1863.

Lieutenant-Colonel FLYNT,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Fourteenth Army Corps:

COLONEL: I have to report that I inspected the works in charge of my division yesterday p.m. They are not materially damaged by the rain. None of the division will be required to move on account of the rain.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.

J. J. REYNOLDS,

Major-General, Commanding Division.

