
camp upon the top of the mountain, but have not as yet done any work. I have also passed over the road lately built by you, and find that it will be necessary to causeway a large portion of the distance between Connor's and the top of the mountain owing to the innumerable sink-holes or beds of quicksand. There is also one ravine about 1 miles from the Anderson road which will have to be bridged. There are 75 of your men under Lieutenant Dolcey in camp upon the top of the mountain, who have been ordered to build the bridge immediately. The road down the mountain has been badly washed, but can be easily and quickly repaired.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. P. HUNTINGTON,

Lieutenant.
HEADQUARTERS ANDERSON CAVALRY,Roberson's, October 15, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel C. GODDARD,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: I have understood that the propriety of withdrawing the courier-line by the Anderson road, and of sending dispatches to Colonel Tillson by the Poe road, has been considered at headquarters.

By reference to the table of distances below, it will be seen than if this arrangement were adopted all dispatches to Colonel Tillson would go 16 miles out of the way (or nearly double distance), while all dispatches for me would go 5 miles out of the way.

As I have a line from here to General Spears, the courier-line across from Poe's Tavern to this valley is simply unnecessary. Can I withdraw it?

I am, colonel, your obedient servant,

WM. J. PALMER,

Colonel, Commanding.

Table of distances.

Miles.

From Roberson's to Chattanooga via Anderson's................. 26

From Roberson's to Chattanooga via Poe's Tavern............... 31

From Anderson's to Chattanooga via Anderson road.............. 18

From Anderson's to Chattanooga via Poe's Tavern............... 34

CRANE'S HILL,

October 15, 1863-7.35 p.m.

Captain MERRILL:

I see fires east of here near the mouth of Chickamauga River, opposite McCook's brigade. The smoke indicates one brigade. Eleven men with me.

FORAKER.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Chattanooga, October 15, 1863.

Brigadier-General GARFIELD:

You will please proceed to Washington with all convenient dispatch, and delivered to the War Department the report of the operations of this army to the close of the battle of Chickamauga.

