
[CHAP. XLII.

Your are instructed, furthermore, to see the Secretary of War and the General-in-Chief, and explain to them in detail our condition here, the nature, condition, and length of our lines of communication; the sources for the supply of forage, especially of long forage, and its relations to the maintenance of our animals. This must be gone into particularly; much depends on this condition of affairs. Explain my views of the imperative necessity of increasing our mounted force. You will also give them as full information as may be desired as to the condition of the troops and the administrative branches of the service. Report me frequently by writing or telegraph until your mission has been accomplished according to these instructions, when you will have leave of absence to await orders from the War Department.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Numbers 275. Chattanooga, Tenn., October 15, 1863.

* * * * * * *

IV. Brigadier General J. A. Garfield will proceed to Washington, D. C., to execute the instructions received by letter from the major-general commanding.

* * * * * * *

VI. The following transfers are hereby made in the Fourth Army Corps:

The One hundred and fifteenth Illinois and Fortieth Ohio Volunteers are transferred from the First Brigade, Second Division, Fourth Army Corps, to Second Brigade, First Division, Fourth Army Corps.

The Twenty-second Indiana and Seventy-fourth Illinois Volunteers are transferred from Second Brigade, First Division, Fourth Army Corps, to First Brigade, Second Division, Fourth Army Corps.

The Ninety-sixth Illinois and Eighty-fourth Indiana Volunteers are transferred from Third Brigade, First Division, Fourth Army Corps, to Second Brigade of the same division.

The Fifty-ninth Illinois and Seventy-fifth Illinois Volunteers are transferred from Second Brigade, First Division, Fourth Army Corps, to the Third Brigade of the same division.

* * * * * * * *

By command of Major-General Rosecrans:

H. M. CIST,

Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS CHIEF OF ARTILLERY,

Numbers 2. DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,

Chattanooga, Tenn., October 15, 1863.

I. The Reserve Artillery will be divided into two divisions, each division into two brigades.

The First Ohio batteries, Companies A, B, C, D, E, F, G, M, Eighteenth and Twentieth, will compose the First Division, subdivided into brigades as follows: First Brigade, Companies A, B, C, and F; Second Brigade, Companies G, M, Eighteenth and Twentieth.

Colonel James Barnett, First Ohio Volunteer Artillery, is assigned to

