
the immediate command of this division. All official reports, returns, &amp;c., of battery commanders of this division will be made to Colonel Barnett and by him to these headquarters.

II. The remaining batteries, Fourth Eighth, Eleventh and Twenty-first Indiana batteries, Fourth, Eighth, Eleventh and Twenty-first Indiana, batteries Fourth Michigan and Eighth Wisconsin, and Company A, First Tennessee, will compose the Second Division. It will be formed into brigades in future orders.

Commanding officer of batteries in the Second Division will until otherwise ordered report direct to these headquarters.

III. Subsistence and quartermaster's stores will be obtained through Captain G. S. Roper, commissary of subsistence and acting assistant quartermaster at these headquarters.

IV. These orders to take effect on the change of position of the infantry arm in the new organization and exchange of guns in the batteries.

By command of Brigadier-General Brannan:

LOUIS J. LAMBERT,

Captain, Assistant Adjutant-General, Artillery.
HDQRS. THIRD BRIG., SECOND DIV., 14TH ARMY CORPS,Camp on Chickamauga Creek, Tenn., October 15, 1863.

Brigadier General J. A. GARFIELD,

Chief of Staff:

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report in regard to the condition of affairs at this point: The officer of the day reports that the river rose 2 1/2 inches from 9 a.m. until 3 p.m. yesterday. The bridge across the Chickamauga having been washed away by the rising of the creek, he could not determine what the rise was on account of not being able to cross and on account of the darkness. At this time, 7 a.m., the creek is much swollen. Further than this everything is quiet and all right.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

DANL. McCOOK,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.
HDQRS. SECOND BRIG., THIRD DIV., 4TH ARMY CORPS,Chattanooga, October 15, 1863-7 p.m.

(Received headquarters Dept. of the Cumberland, 18th.)

General T. J. WOOD,

Officer of the Day:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that I have minutely inspected all parts of the picket-line of the Fourth Army Corps. I find that part of the line in front of what was the Twentieth Army Corps, now a part of the front of this corps, strongly picketed by two brigades (old organization), one regiment in each brigade deployed as pickets, properly disposed as such, one regiment in each brigade being in reserve, while two regiments of each brigade occupy a line of out-works, some half mile in rear. The enemy's pickets are in one place along this line within 100 paces of our own, the entire line here being in close proximity. They have slight works to cover their pickets, and at one place a light line of rifle-pits can be seen,

