
[CHAP. XLII.

about 600 yards from our pickets. This is at the Tannery. There has been no work on these works to-day, as was at one time reported. The pickets or regiments on picket in this front are relieved every four days. In front of the old Twenty-first Army Corps, our pickets and those of the enemy are about 400 yards apart.

Ours are covered by slight works and the railroad; I could not see whether the enemy have works or not. Each brigade (old organization) furnished about 100 men for duty here, who are relieved every day. I found the line strong here also. The line of pickets everywhere seemed but little longer than the line of battle of their command. The pickets were everywhere vigilant.

The proximity of the enemy's lines in some places appeared too great, and it was frequently reported that on many parts of the line conversations were held, papers exchanged, and other civilities passed. I ordered that it be discontinued during my tour of duty, and would respectfully suggest that this practice, which can result in good to us and might in much to the enemy, be prohibited in future. I could discover no defects in the line requiring notice.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. B. HAZEN,

Brigadier-General, Picket Officer, Fourth Corps.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION, FOURTH ARMY CORPS,Chattanooga, October 17, 1863.

Respectfully forwarded for the information of the commanding general of the army.

The delay in receiving one of these reports until late yesterday evening has caused delay in forwarding by me, which I regret.

TH. J. WOOD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS THIRTY-NINTH INDIANA REGIMENT,October 15, 1863.

Colonel GODDARD,

Adjutant-General, Department of the Cumberland:

I examined the various gaps of the mountain to the right of the Anderson road for some miles. I did not find a road from the Seminary or gaps to the right of the Anderson road, but I found Jack's Gap (which is on the west side of the ridge and 6 miles to the right of the Anderson road and 5 miles to the left of the Poe road) a favorable ascent; and there is a road, which with but little work might be made good, leading into the Poe road 5 miles from the top of the mountain. There is a road leading from Jack's Gap to the Anderson road, but it is not a good road; in intersects the Anderson road 5 miles from the top of the mountain. This gap, being on the west side of the mountain, might be used for trains going to Stevenson, leaving the gaps to the right and left for loaded teams. There is a road leading from Smith's Cross-Roads (11 miles above Poe's Cross-Roads) across the mountain, which is a fair mountain road, but it is 20 miles farther by that route to Stevenson. Those are the only roads I could find which are not in use by the Government trains.

