
Major Evans did not receive my dispatch until I reached the regiment. Our train had gone to Stevenson for rations and did not get back before I reached the regiment. I have brought one-half of the regiment to Poe's Cross-Roads, and left the other at the Sequatchie to get across and bring forward all the rations they can when the trains reach the river. We were cut down one-half in our transportation when on the last campaign. We cannot subsist our men and horses unless we have more transportation. Rations and forage are very remote from our present camp.

Yours, obediently,

THOS. J. HARRISON,

Colonel Thirty-ninth Regiment Indiana Volunteers.

[Indorsement.]

Harrison to unite with Atkins and help guard the river; to report how many wagons he has and how many more the thinks necessary.

W. S. R.,

Major-General.
HDQRS. NINETY-EIGHTH REGIMENT OHIO VOL. INFANTRY.,Near Chattanooga, Tenn., October 15, 1863.

Colonel MITCHELL,

Commanding Second Brigade:

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of the detachment of infantry and artillery sent under my command to the Narrows on the evening of the 11th instant. I placed the infantry in favorable position on the river-bank before daylight on Monday morning. After daylight I opened fire on the rebel sharpshooters with shell from one piece of artillery stationed on the new road of the mountain. After firing a few rounds I found the range too great to be effective. I then removed it to a point on the river road and again opened fire. Here the artillery was within reach of their sharpshooters, and I deemed it prudent to retire after firing eight or ten rounds. The infantry were ordered to fire on every person seen on the opposite shore. They kept a sharp fire all day but without effect, as the rebels were effectually concealed behind rocks and in the thick woods that cover the mountain side. I do not think there was a large force of the enemy there, probably not more than 200 in all, scattered along the river bank for 2 or 3 miles. At the point where they did the most damage to our trains the road runs not more than 50 yards from the river-bank. The river is probably 300 yards wide. Artillery cannot bear on the position, from which they fire here, with canister-shot unless it is placed in fair range of their rifles, and then will be without protection. I reconnoitered the road carefully and gathered all the information. I could from officers who had been stationed there, and am of the opinion that it is impracticable to render it safe for wagon trains unless we hold the opposite side of the river. I removed the dead mules and the wagons so that trains could pass along the road. I was relieved by a detail from the Eighteenth Kentucky and a company of sharpshooters sent from Chattanooga on Tuesday morning, 13th instant.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES M. SHANE,

Major, Commanding Detachment.

