
stretched across the valley from the east mountain (Walden's Ridge) to the Sequatchie River.

There is as you are aware a main road extending the whole length of the valley on the west side of the Sequatchie River. I have all the roads and trails leading from this main road over the Cumberland Mountains picketed from Dunlap to the Lamb trail, 9 miles above it in the valley. But there are several trails, and roads over the Cumberland Ridge, south of Dunlap, that I cannot picket. It would seem that some force should be at Therman, and that the mountain trails between Therman and Dunlap should be picketed, or the main valley road connecting them be frequently patrolled. The propriety of withdrawing the courier-line across the mountain at Anderson's and making the connection with your camp by the Poe road has been discussed, I understand, at headquarters. This should by no means be done, as it is 5 miles nearer from my camp to Chattanooga by way of Anderson's than by Poe's Tavern, and it way of Poe's Tavern. Would it not be well for you to represent this fact to headquarters? General Spears sent me word yesterday from his camp on Sale Creek that Colonel Byrd, the advance of Burnside's army, has his brigade at Post Oak Springs, on this side of the river in Roane County, and that his pickets extend down the river as far as Cotton Port (where Wheeler's cavalry recently crossed.) Scouts just returned from the south side of the river report the enemy's strength, between Harrison and the Hiwassee River, at 1,000 to 1,500. The courier-line from Chattanooga to Washington was expected to be extended through to Burnside's command yesterday. Can you tell me whether the Little Sequatchie River is past fording above Jasper on the road from Dunlap down the valley? I have a train by that route for subsistence.

Do you have any communication with Jasper or Battle Creek? We have an excellent bridge across the Big Sequatchie River, near here at Therman. I shall be pleased to hear from you. What is going on below or at Chattanooga?

Yours, &amp;c.,

WM. J. PALMER,

Colonel, Commanding.

NASHVILLE, October 15, 1863-7 p.m.

General GARFIELD,

Chief of Staff:

Major-General Hooker has informed me that I can withdraw the regiments of my division between Murfreesborough and Stevenson. Shall I telegraph them to come this way? I would like to have the One hundred and second immediately, as Boyle is urgently demanding the Ninety-first Indiana guarding the posts between here and Murfreesborough. If you will authorize me to borrow 300 horses, saddles, and equipments, I will be able to break up Hawkins' recruiting. Received another communication to-day corroborating my former report.

R. S. GRANGER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

