
roads, good passways for infantry and cavalry across the mountain, all of which will more plainly appear by reference to a map of the ridge or mountain, the valley road, the road across the mountain, their different prongs and points of striking the fords, which is desired to be examined as part of this report. My effective force is 1,974 including Wilder's, at this place, and they are all upon duty now and in such manner, necessarily so, that a concentration in force would be very difficult in case of an attack. I respectfully ask, for information and to enable me to act correctly, that the boundary which it is intended for me to hold, picket, and defend, be defined, and I will hold such boundary if it be in the range of human power for the forces under my command to do so.

I further respectfully report that there is no ford at the mouth of Soddy, and the river at that point is deep and the river still rising. I am positively ordered to keep one regiment at Blythe's Ferry, and if I have no forage for my command and those of Wilder's here, including a large train, and to place one other regiment at mouth of Soddy, there will be but one regiment left to picket all the roads, guard the train and forage, &amp;c.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES G. SPEARS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

DECHERD, October 15, 1863.

Major-General ROSECRANS:

I have just arrived here. Ordered General Crook to Flint River Bridge with division and Wilder's brigade. McCook's division is encamped 4 miles south of Winchester. The enemy's cavalry are all whipped and driven south of the Tennessee River, with a loss of not less than 3,000. My men are destitute of provisions and clothing; are very much in need of horses and rest.

R. B. MITCHELL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

DECHERD, October 15, 1863.

General R. B. MITCHELL:

The train left before I got back. I will not come to Stevenson. Don't fail to send provisions to Flint River Bridge. I will have some one to receive them. Please find out whether I am ordered to Virginia, and let me know by the train.

GEORGE CROOK,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS TWELFTH CORPS,Wartrace, Tenn., October 15, 1863.

Major General D. BUTTERFIELD,

Chief of Staff, Stevenson, Ala.:

I have the honor to forward herewith the following as the disposition of the troops of this corps:

First Battalion, Tenth Maine Volunteers (corps provost guard), at Wartrace.

First Division, Brigadier General A. S. Williams; headquarters at Decherd.

