
One hundred and forty-ninth New York Volunteers, Lieutenant Colonel C. B. Randall, Twenty-second Wisconsin Volunteers, Colonel W. L. Utley, and detachments of convalescents, in Fortress Rosecrans.

One hundred and thirty-seventh New York Volunteers, Colonel D. Ireland, guarding trains going to Tantalon.

Knap's E (Independent Pennsylvania), Battery, Captain Charles A. Atwell, at Murfreesborough.

Fortress Rosecrans, Major C. Houghtaling, First Illinois Light Artillery, commanding.

Detachments of dismounted cavalry, Lieutenant Colonel J. J. Seibert, on court-house square, Murfreesborough.

Detachment of Fourth East Tennessee Cavalry, Lieutenant Colonel J. M. Thornburgh, at Murfreesborough, when not out on scouting duty.

Detachment of infantry, First Brigade, Fourth Division, Fourteenth Army Corps, Lieutenant G. W. Boggess, near Fort Rosecrans.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. SLOCUM,

Major-General of Volunteers, Commanding.
HDQRS. THIRD BRIG., FIRST DIV., 12TH ARMY CORPS,Tullahoma, Tenn., October 15, 1863.

Captain S. E. PITTMAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, First Division:

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the condition of the means of defense at bridges, stations, &amp;c., on line of railroad from Tullahoma to Decherd:

At Tullahoma there is a bastioned earth-work of four points without out-works; there are no guns mounted. Three 24-pounder siege guns left, as I am informed, by the enemy might be mounted.

There are at the post four field pieces, three 12-pounder Napoleons, and one 3-inch rifled. There is a well in the work, but the water is reported as unwholesome. The fort commands the approaches well. The timber, with the exception of a small grove, is cut down within musketry range.

A sudden dash at the depot might be made under cover of the houses of the village, in case of small garison at the post. A suitable stockade would guard against this.

At trestle bridge, 3 miles south of Tullahoma, there is no stockade or other work for defense; the woods approach the bridge closely. The trestle could be very well protected by a stockade at each end of the bridge on opposite sides of the railroad embankment.

It would be difficult to protect the stockade from artillery fire, as the ground rises gradually for some distance one-third of a mile each way from trestle.

At water-tank at Estill Springs there is no defensive work.

At Elk River there is, on north side of river near bridge, a good stockade; also on same side of river a small circular stockade about 200 yards up the river, covering a ford.

On the south bank of river there is an earth-work in form of two squares joined at corner, nearly completed, which will serve

