
[CHAP. XLII.

a good purpose, also traverse protection for guns from fire from south side of river.

There is some timber standing on both sides of the railroad within rifle range of works. There is a position on each side of the river from which the bridge could be destroyed by artillery fire, but such position would in either case be within 500 to 600 yards of the earthwork.

The supply of rations at all points referred to is three days'.

I have no knowledge of the supply of wood; will ascertain and report specially. Supply of water at works at Elk River could not be cut off so long as works were all held.

I would respectfully report that I telegraphed for intrenching tools on my arrival here, and have sent my brigade quartermaster to attend to the matter. I have also sent for ten days' rations for the command, which is the amount I purpose to keep on hand at all points.

It is also my intention to construct additional defenses as follows: Stockade near depot at Tullahoma, with parapet protection.

Two stockades near trestle bridge, 3 miles south of Tullahoma, one on each side of railroad embankment, with good abatis and cut timber beyond rifle range.

Good stockade with earth-work protection at water-tank at Estill Springs.

Additional stockade at Elk River bridge on south side of river; also rifle-pits on right and left of earth-work running to river on one side and to railroad embankment on the other.

The works at Elk River are being pushed forward as rapidly as possible by means of tools and implements in hands of engineer troops at that point.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOS. H. RUGER,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ELEVENTH CORPS,October 15, 1863-1.15 a.m.

Major-General ROSECRANS:

GENERAL: Your dispatch received. Have ordered boats to proceed without delay by river and wagons by land to Battle Creek, there to load.

O. O. HOWARD,

Major-General.

KNOXVILLE, October 15, 1863.

(Received 9.15. a.m., 16th.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

In case officers are appointed to assist in the officer of a commissary of musters, is that commissary fulfilling the spirit of the certificate which he has to sign when he is satisfied that proper musters have been made by these officers? It is impossible for all the mustering to be done in this department by the officers allowed by the order, and I propose to obtain some assistance. Can I do so? Please answer at once.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.

