
MUNFORDVILLE, October 15, 1863.

Colonel SPAULDING, Glasgow:

The deputy provost-marshal of Allen County reports to Captain A. G. Hobson, of Bowling Green, that rebels were crossing Cumberland at Celina, 13th instant, 1,100 and two pieces of artillery. Send out parties to ascertain the fact. Colonel Strickland left this place this morning for Glasgow with artillery and infantry. It would be well to send out small force in direction of Edmonton also.

E. H. HOBSON,

Brigadier-General.

MUNFORDVILLE, KY., October 15, 1863.

Captain HARE or

Lieutenant FARMER,

Elizabethtown:

Small parties rebels passed up Bardstown pike last night. Send part of your force and scour the country from Elizabethtown by Hodgensville, Hammonville, to burned bridge, on Green River. Keep patrol on railroad, south of Elizabethown.

E. H. HOBSON,

Brigadier-General.

JONESBOROUGH, October 15, 1863.

Major-General BURNSIDE:

My forces are disposed in the following order: Ninth Michigan Cavalry, 1 mile in rear of Jonesborough, on Greeneville road, with two companies for pickets to front, reserve on hill beyond Jonesborough; the Twenty-third Indiana Battery on left of road, two sections covering Jonesborough road, supported by Twelfth Kentucky Infantry; one section covering Blountville road, supported by Eighth Tennessee Infantry; two sections of Tennessee battery on left of Jonesborough road in reserve, supported by One hundred and third Ohio. All the approaches are guarded by cavalry vedettes,and, in addition, I have a chain picket of infantry pretty well throughout.

I have called upon my commissary officer for report of small rations and bread, which I will send as soon as he returns.

We have good supply of beef-cattle, and have sent out 2 miles to procure flour.

I have nothing from front this morning. I am establishing communication with General Shackelford, by line of courier, to Blountville.

W. A. HOSKINS,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

LOUDON, October 15, 1863.

General BURNSIDE:

I have received the following:
HDQRS. FIRST BRIG., FOURTH DIV., TWENTY-THIRD ARMY CORPS, Post Oak Springs, October 15, 1863.

Captain HENRY CURTIS, Jr.,Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: Our pickets at a ford 7 miles here report the enemy in considerable force 2 miles from the road.

