
Major-General GRANT,

Cairo, Ill.:

You will immediately proceed to the Galt House, Louisville, Ky., where you will meet an officer of the War Department with your orders and instructions. You will take with you your staff, &amp;c., for immediate operations in the field. Wait at Louisville for officer of the War Department.

W. H. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

WASHINGTON, D. C., October 16, 1863.

Major-General GRANT,

Louisville, Ky.:

GENERAL: You will received herewith the order of the President of the United States placing you in command of the Departments of the Ohio, Cumberland, and Tennessee. The organization of these departments will be changed as you may deem most practicable. You will immediately proceed to Chattanooga and relieve General Rosecrans. You can communicate with Generals Burnside and Sherman by telegraph. A summary of the order sent to those officers will be sent to you immediately. It is left optional with you to supersede General Rosecrans by General G. H. Thomas or not. Any other changes will be made an your request by telegraph.

One of the first objects requiring your attention is the supply of your armies. Another is the security of the passes in the Georgia mountains to shut out the enemy from Tennessee and Kentucky. You will consult with General Meigs and Colonel Scott in regard to transportation and supplies.

Should circumstances permit I will visit you personally in a few days for consultation.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE

No. 337. Washington, October 16, 1863.

I. By direction of the President of the United States the Departments of the Ohio, of the Cumberland, and of the Tennessee will constitute the Military Division of the Mississippi.

II. Major General U. S. Grant, U. S. Army, is placed in command of the Military Division of the Mississippi, headquarters in the field.

III. Major General W. S. Rosecrans, U. S. Volunteers, is relieved from the command of the Department and Army of the Cumberland. Major General G. H. Thomas is hereby assigned to that command.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

