HEADQUARTERS SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Memphis, Tenn., October 16, 1863.

Brig. General JOHN A. RAWLINS,Asst. Adjt. General, Department of the Tennessee:

GENERAL: Major-General Steele reports the enemy retired to Washington, in Hempstead County, probably before this time in Texas.

General Sherman requires a brigade at Bear Creek, and I scarcely know how to fill it. I do not feel at liberty to call upon Steele for any part of his force, but would exceedingly like that Kimball's division, or at least True's brigade, should be sent back to this line. If I am to hold Bear Creek and to attempt to hold the Columbus and Corinth railroad, I shall require at least a full division unless the Memphis and Charleston Railroad is abandoned, which is not advisable at present.

My cavalry is coming in, and will be all on the line of railroad to-night. They followed and fought the enemy beyond Wyatt and only returned when out of ammunition. Dodge has gone out to Corinth

to-day, and Carr will be in to-morrow.

I have no distinct reports from Hatch as to casualties, &amp;c., but will send by next mail.

Sherman informs me that Lee with, 4,000 cavalry crossed the Tennessee at Tuscumbia day before yesterday north. I think their whole disposable cavalry will be thrown into Middle Tennessee. I wish the general would order True's brigade here from Little Rock, if not the division.

Your obedient servant,

S. A. HURLBUT,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Memphis, Tenn., October 16, 1863.

Major-General SHERMAN,Corinth, Miss.:

I will send Fuller's brigade on Sunday by land. I think the railroad will have all it can do in transporting stores.

It will be difficult to spare more than that brigade, but it is 2,300 strong. One of the mounted infantry regiments from Corinth will probably go with it. Dodge is instructed to spare all he can from his command. This will leave no movable infantry at Memphis. I shall send to Steele for a brigade, but do not know that it will come. Leave orders with Doge for the position of the force.

S. A. HURLBUT,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Memphis, Tenn., October 16, 1863.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN,Comdg. Fifteenth Army Corps, Corinth Miss.:

GENERAL: Your letter is received. I shall march Fuller's brigade overland. If it is necessary to move them quicker they can be picked up by cars.

