
CORINTH, October 16, 1863.

General WEBSTER,

Memphis:

General Carr advised me yesterday from La Grange that the

Fifty-fifth and One hundred and twenty-seventh Illinois absent with Sweeny would be at Quinn's Mill last night. I sent orders for them to march to Collierville and take cars. Colonel Anthony at Collierville telegraphs me they are not yet at Quinn's Mill. Use the train for any purpose, and be ready to send the two regiments to Iuka the moment they reach the road. Telegraph to Colonel Anthony and he will advise you when they will be in.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,

No. 80. Corinth, Miss., October 16, 1863.

The following is announced as the organization of the corps on its present expedition:

Major General W. T. Sherman in command.

Major General F. P. Blair, jr., second in command.

First Division, General P. J. Osterhaus commanding.

Second Division, General Morgan L. Smith commanding.

Third Division, General John E. Smith commanding.

Fourth Division, General Hugh Ewing commanding.

Each division commander will proceed forthwith to prepare for an onward march, providing all possible means of transportation. But the railroad will afford means of heavy carriage for some days to come.

By order of Major General W. T. Sherman:

R. M. SAWYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,No. 196. Corinth, Miss., October 16, 1863.

1. The Second Division, General Morgan L. Smith, will move to-morrow forward to close up on General Osterhaus, passing John E. Smith's division. The absent regiments will follow by the road or by cars, as the case may require. This division will move from its camp on Clear Creek, following roads south of the railroad.

2. A wagon train of 200 wagons will be dispatched by roads north of the railroad, under escort of the Fifth Ohio Cavalry, and 100 wagons delivered to General John E. Smith at Burnsville and 100 to General Osterhaus at or beyond Iuka.

3. The First Division, General Osterhaus, will cross Bear Creek, and cause the railroad bridge to be repaired, so that our heavy stores can be carried by rail to any suitable place east of Bear Creek.

4. When the whole column is put in motion it will be in the order of First, Second, Third, and Fourth Division, till the head of column reaches the Tennessee River opposite Florence.

Staff and other officers will make their dispositions accordingly.

* * * * *

By order of Major General W. T. Sherman:

R. M. SAWYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

