
NASHVILLE, TENN., October 16, 1863.

(Received 10.20 p.m.)

Hon. E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

I arrived here last night. On examination I find great want of power and equipment between this and the front. Have telegraphed Anderson to bring forward engines and cars from the East. You had better authorize Anderson to increase number of engines to

twenty-five or thirty. I may have to transfer engines from Louisville railroad to Chattanooga line for a few weeks, to forward supplies to the front from Nashville. I will report more fully this evening.

THOS. A. SCOTT,

Colonel and Aide-de-Camp.

NASHVILLE, TENN., October 16, 1863-8 p.m.

(Received 2.20 p.m., 17th.)

Hon. E. M. STANTON:

On further examination I find by borrowing two locomotives from the Louisville road that the present car stock on Chattanooga line can be made to supply the pressing wants of the army until new engines and cars arrive, when full supplies can be given them. Will return the alterations of Lexington line. Hope to get through by Wednesday next, and then report to you in person.

THOS. A. SCOTT.

CHATTANOOGA, TENN., October 16, 1863.-5.30 p.m.

(Received 11.20 p.m., 17th.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

Evidence increases that the enemy intend a desperate effort to destroy this army. They are bringing up troops to our front. They have prepared pontoons, and will probably operate on our left flank, either to cross the river and force us to quit this place and fight them or lose our communications. They will thus separate us from Burnside. We cannot feed Hooker's troops on our right, nor can we spare them subsistence from our left depots and communications; nor has he transportation to move. The rains raised the river and interrupted our pontoon bridges. The roads are very heavy. Our future is not bright. Had we the railroad from here to Bridgeport, and the whole of Sherman's and Hooker's troops brought up, we should not probably outnumber the enemy. This army, with its back to barren mountains, roads narrow and difficult, while the enemy has the railroad and the corn in his rear, is at much disadvantage. To secure this position, at least McMinnville should be made a strong fortified depot; Kingston the same; and for ulterior operations 20,000 or more troops put in Tennessee, at easy points to cover the railroad and subsist until called to the front* for an

---------------

*In General Halleck's copy this word is "point."

---------------

