
advance on the enemy. Additional cavalry force is indispensable to a good future for this army. Burnside must be within supporting distance of us. If we lose this point his hold on East Tennessee is gone. If we hold it the rebels cannot make much use of the country above, and we shall dispossess them.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

WASHINGTON, D. C., October 16, 1863-12.40 p.m.

Major-General ROSECRANS,

Chattanooga:

Your plan of enlisting as veterans in the Engineer regiments from other volunteer regiments is not in accordance with law or general orders.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.
HDQRS. TWENTY-FIRST KENTUCKY VOLUNTEERS, On Walden's Ridge, 6 Miles from Anderson's, October 16, 1863.

[Major General W. S. ROSECRANS:]

MY DEAR GENERAL: I arrived here last evening, ambulance and all, and shall be off again at 7 this morning. The road from here to Chattanooga is pretty good, with the exception of a few places which can be easily repaired. The Twenty-first Kentucky has not yet received a sufficient supply of tools, although they were promised on Monday last. Colonel Tillson or Smith was to furnish them. I will see about it when I reach Anderson's. I learned on the way that the rebels are clearing away the ground on the opposite side of the river at the Narrows, to plant a battery. If they do this the Haley road will be of no further use, day or night, till the peninsula is cleared of rebels. The creek just ahead of us was 6 feet deep last night when we arrived, but we cross it now. I have directed Colonel Price to bridge it. It only needs a bridge 30 feet long, which can be made in a day. A supply train of three hundred wagons of forage and rations waited on the other side all day yesterday. On our way we passed three or four hundred ambulances going to Bridgeport, via the Poe road, with wounded. Colonel Price has written you how his forces are posted. Circumstances over which I have no control prevent me from making a verbal report or any "whispered suggestions" a la Brooke.

Grieving to leave you, I am, as ever, your.

J. A. GARFIELD,Brigadier-General.

HEADQUARTERS GARFIELD ET AL., Anderson's, October 16, 1863-11.30 a.m.

[Major General W. S. ROSECRANS:]

MY DEAR GENERAL: I reached here at 9 a.m., and the ambulance has just arrived. The Sequatchie is booming, but we have lashed a couple of canoes together and will get the ambulance ferried over

