
in half an hour, I think. Our live-stock will swim. We met a train of sixty wagons loaded with forage and rations ascending the mountain this morning. They belong to the old divisions of Steedman and Van Cleve. Colonel Smith, who is in commanded here, is keeping strong working parties on the road to connect with the Twenty-first Kentucky. He is doing well; has 1,800 men here. The Third Ohio has been sent back to Jasper. I saw a dispatch this morning from Palmer, which show all quiet up the valley. No trains have crossed here since yesterday morning. It will be two or there days before the river can be forded. Five or six pontoons would make a good bridge here. I have directed Colonel Smith to make a good raft or two for emergencies. If you will send him nails he can make pontoons. There is a mill with plenty of lumber 2 miles below. I told Colonel S. to get his lumber ready and I would have some nails sent him from Bridgeport. We have met with no accident except the upsetting of the ambulance in coming down the mountain, which by the favor of a little tree, did not roll down more than a dozen yards.

Very truly, yours,

J. A. GARFIELD,

Brigadier-General.

11.45 a.m.

Ambulance over all right.

J. A. G.

WASHINGTON, TENN., October 16, 1863.

Major-General ROSECRANS,

Commanding Army of the Cumberland:

GENERAL: It has rained here very much and the river is very high, unfordable; also some of the streams crossing the valley road are very high, but all are bridged. There is a detachment of General Burnside's mounted men here that came down yesterday from Post Oak Springs, 30 miles north of here, and they report heavier rain there than here, river very high and rising.

With much respect, I remain, yours,

JONATHAN CARR,

Lieutenant Comdg. Courier-Line from Chattanooga to Washington.

NASHVILLE, October 16, 1863.

Major-General ROSECRANS,

I am making arrangements for through trains to Bridgeport; also hope to borrow engines Monday. Since the break, obstructions have been placed on track near switches, throwing trains off two nights running, which, together with the utter impossibility of using the telegraph line at times when trains once lose their rights, has caused delay; trains are started at all hours irrespective of

time-card, which would make them appear to be late.

Respectfully,

WM. P. INNES,

Colonel and Military Superintendent.

