
50 men, and these cavalry. He passed by the fort which the enemy have erected opposite to us, and reports that there were no guns mounted. So far as he could see everything was quiet. This had better be communicated to the general.

E. L. ANDERSON,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

CHATTANOOGA, October 16, 1863-4.15 p.m.

Brig. General J. D. MORGAN,

Battle Creek;

Put heavy parties on Sequatchie bridge and approaches.

J. J. REYNOLDS,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES, Anderson's Cross-Roads, Tenn., October 16, 1863.

Lieutenant ColonelC. GODDARD,Assistant Adjutant-General, Dept.of the Cumberland:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report all quiet in this vicinity. No rebel force has been seen or heard of. There passed over the mountain to-day the following trains, viz:

General Van Cleve's supply train, thirty-eight wagons;

Major-General Thomas' forage train, twenty-eight wagons; part of Twenty- first Army Corps' supply train camped on mountain last night and went up this morning. At the foot of the mountain are now corralled up this morning. At the foot of the mountain are now corralled thirty-eight wagons of General Davis' supply train. The recent rains have greatly impaired the road. I have had three companies at work on mountain to-day, besides the regular detail to assist wagons. This force, I think, will be able to place the road over the mountain in good repair by day after to-morrow. I need some heavy hammers for breaking stone; will try and obtain them from General Morgan. The Sequatchie is falling rapidly; will, I think, be fordable here to-morrow. Some of my staff, sent for that purpose to-day, report Hatfield's bridge, over the Sequatchie, 3 miles above here, somewhat out of repair, but can be fixed in a short time so that trains can cross if necessary. Shall I repair it? I will send Third Ohio toward Jasper to-morrow morning to repair roads in that direction. Major Petri, Sixteenth Illinois Volunteers, is out to-day on that road with a party, and is ordered to report what repairs are necessary. Inclosed I send communication* received to-day from Colonel Palmer, commanding Anderson Cavalry, 10 miles up valley. Generals Garfield and Steedman passed about noon to-day, crossing the river here in boats. I am building a flat-boat here, so that anything could be crossed in case of emergency. I think it would be well, while it is necessary for empty wagons to return this way, to have them travel the road to Jasper on one side of the river and loaded wagons on the other.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. F. SMITH,

Colonel, Commanding.

---------------

*Probably Palmer to Goddard, p.389.

---------------

