
persons, and leave the important points exposed, and for me to have the responsibility of the whole.

I will simply add, in conclusion, that from the best information that I can and am able to obtain, the river from Blythe's Ferry up to within 6 or 8 miles of Post Oak Springs is not picketed at all; in many places of easy access and easy of crossing, and many other places which are attempted to be picketed an patrolled it is done in such a manner as not to be reliable or secure.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES G. SPEARS,

Brigadier-General.

[Inclosure No. 1.]
HDQRS.92nd ILLINOIS VOLUNTEER MOUNTED INFANTRY, Harrison's Landting, Tenn., October 15, 1863-4 p.m.

Brig. General J. G. SPEARS,Comdg.3rd Brig., 3rd Div., Reserve Corps, Sale Creek, Tenn.:

GENERAL: In reply to your esteemed favor of same date herewith I beg to state:

First. My given names is Smith,and my title is colonel.

Second. My force is 375, and consists of seven companies mounted infantry and one mountain howitzer.

Third. My force is located as follows: One company at Harrison's Ferry, guarding the river there and picketing to the ford 2 miles below Nelson's Ferry and connecting with ColonelDaniel McCook; one company at Dallas, guarding river from Harrison's Ferry to Penny's Ferry; one company at Penny's Ford, guarding from Penny's Ferry to Thatcher's; in all 25 miles of river. My headquarters are on the Dallas and Chattanooga road, about 1 1/2 miles from Dallas. Two companies are on camp picket. Three companies are usually foraging.

Fourth. The enemy have pickets all along the river for the 25 miles stated. I have no positive information of how great a force, but suppose there is a regiment at Harrison's, 1,900 at Penny's Ford, and Forrest's entire command at or near Georgetown, near Blythe's Ferry, and that re-enforcements have been sent Forrest recently. ColonelDaniel McCook's headquarters are at the mouth of Chickamauga, 10 miles from here. Colonel McCook, I suppose, has a brigade.

I have the honor to be, general, with great respect, your most humble and obedient servant,

SMITH D. ATKINS,

Colonel Ninety-second Illinois Volunteers.

[Inclosure No. 2.]

HDQRS. 1ST BRIG., 4TH DIV., 23rd, ARMY CORPS, Post Oak Springs, Tenn., October 15, 1863.

Captain D. C. TREWHITT,

A. A. G., Third Brig., Third Div., Reserve Corps:

CAPTAIN: Our pickets at the ford, 7 miles below here, report the rebels advancing in direction of the ford in considerable force. They were in 2 miles of the river when courier left. I have sent 100 men there with orders to resist the crossing at all hazards. I think I can resist the passage, and will do so with my whole force. can

