
You will please note on your map exactly where you locate your headquarters, and report every day the circumstances of the case. If you will be careful to keep outsiders away you can make a larger show of force by smokes and other means to deceive the enemy. You must see that you are supplied with axes and other tools from Bridgeport without delay. If you hear for certain that the enemy are getting pontoon bridges below you in the river, you ought to get ready some tremendous rafts of logs and set them afloat to break their bridges.

Send the whole of the cavalry transportation under a good commander of their own to Stevenson. Get them well ready; send a full report giving number of each company and regiment and a list of the wagons, and order them (written orders) to proceed with all dispatch to Stevenson and report to Major-General Hooker, who will give them further orders.

By command of Major-General Rosecrans:

WM. McMICHAEL,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

STEVENSON, October 16, 1863.

Major FRANK S. BOND:

I have the honor to report all quiet in this vicinity. The late rains have so swollen the creeks as to make it impossible to scout very far.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

LOUIS D. WATKINS,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS ELEVENTH AND TWELFTH CORPS, Stevenson, Ala., October 16, 1863.

COMMANDING OFFICER CAVALRY FORCES, Near Flint River:

Major-General Hooker directs me to inclose to you within copy of report received through Colonel Lyon. The major-general commanding directs that if any such force is on this side of the river, you will pursue them and capture or destroy them.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,WM. H. LAWRENCE,

Major and Aide-de-Camp.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS POST OF STEVENSON, ALA., October 16, 1863.

Major General D. BUTTERFIELD,Chief of Staff:

I have the honor to report that a sergeant of Captain Latham's company Alabama volunteers sends a dispatch from the vicinity of Larkinsville that a force of rebel cavalry, number unknown, are reported in Maynard's Cove, and that Roddey's command are said to be on the headwaters of Paint Rock Creek and about to cross the mountain toward the river. This report has been sent to

Major-General Howard and communicated verbally to Major-General Hooker.

