
A sergeant from the mill near Larkinsville, who came in with prisoners, states that he was some miles west of that place yesterday, and that citizens generally believe that Roddey is on this side the river, but they locate him farther toward Huntsville.

I have the honor to remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant.

WM. P. LYON,

Colonel Thirteenth Wisconsin Volunteers, Comdg. Post.

STEVENSON, October 16, 1863.

Lieutenant ColonelC. GODDARD,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

General Mitchell has just reported to me one division of his force at Flint River, the other at Winchester, much jaded; states he has driven enemy across Tennessee, capturing in all over 1,000 prisoners and 5 pieces of artillery. Forty-one wagons of Captain Craig's train laden with forage is just about starting for Chattanooga.

JOSEPH HOOKER,

Major-General.

LOUISVILLE, October 16, 1863-8 p.m.

Major-General HOOKER:

It is of the utmost importance that a corduroy road be made to beyond Battle Creek in direction of Jasper, with a good bridge over Battle Creek. Twenty-five hundred each of picks, spades, and axes went to Stevenson a week ago, yet General Howard had, when I saw him, tools only for three hundred men. Please send them forward. I have ordered more tools to be sent from Nashville. I think the road should be so located that a covered way or epaulement may be thrown up to protect it from the enemy across the Tennessee where it is near the river. A large body of troops, with tools on the ascent and descent of Walden's Ridge. This is essential to supplying the army by that route. As the road is, after these rains, the supply over it will be impossible. Forage depots and posts to rest and feed mules should be established at the base of the mountain on each side. Teams too weak to climb the mountain could haul forage to these points. I shall work the to-morrow and then return to Nashville and will probably be in Stevenson in a few days. If the rebel cavalry is dispersed, can you not call forward the Twelfth Corps?

M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General.

STEVENSON, October 16, 1863-10.30 p.m.

Lieutenant ColonelC. GODDARD:

Copy of General Meigs' dispatch of 8 p.m. forwarded.* The Quartermaster-General attaches so much importance to this matter that I feel it my duty to refer it to the major-general commanding for his information and such action as he may think proper to give it.

JOSEPH HOOKER,

Major-General, Commanding.

---------------

*See preceding.

---------------

