
the bottom, rendering about a mile of the road almost impassable. It has now subsided, and the trains are passing. I have put on as much force as I can work corduroying the road. The timber is very large, and must be cut and split into slabs. The boat was rescued from the high water and raised on flat-boats, so that that work now goes on without interruption.

O. O. HOWARD,

Major-General.

(Copy to General Hooker.)

WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Washington, D. C., October 16, 1863.

Major-General BURNSIDE,

Department of the Ohio, Cincinnati, Ohio:

By direction of the General-in-Chief so soon as invalids arrive at Columbus let them relieve the Eighty-eighth [Ohio] Regiment from duty there, and order it to Cincinnati. When it arrives at Cincinnati, send the One hundred and fifteenth [Ohio] Regiment to Major-General Rosecrans.

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND, Chattanooga, October 16, 1863-7 p.m.

Major-General BURNSIDE,Knoxville, Tenn.:

The enemy are preparing pontoons and increasing number on our front. If they cross between us you will go up, and probably we too. You ought to move in this direction, at least as far as Kingston, which should be strongly fortified, and your spare stores go into it without delay. You ought to be free to oppose a crossing of the river, and with your cavalry to keep open complete and rapid communications between us, so that we can move combinedly on him. Let me hear from you, if possible, at once. No news from you in ten days. Our cavalry drove the rebel raid across the Tennessee at Lamb's Ferry, with los to them of 2,000 killed, wounded, prisoners, and deserters; also five pieces of artillery.

Yours,

ROSECRANS.

Answer quick.

CINCINNATI, OHIO, October 16, 1863.

Brig. General JACOB AMMEN,

Commanding District of Illinois, Springfield, Ill.:

Please order the Sixteenth Illinois Cavalry to at once proceed to this place, and report to these headquarters for further orders. Direct the quartermaster's department to furnish the necessary transportation.

By command of Major-General Burnside:

W. P. ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

