
The order of march will be as follows:

First. The Third Brigade and one battery.

Second. The Third and First Brigade trains.

Third. The First Brigade and one battery.

Fourth. Second Brigade train.

Fifth. Second Brigade, and one battery, the battery to be placed in center of brigade.

II. There will be reported to these headquarters two regiments from First Brigade and one from the Third, when the line is formed, to be by a staff officer distributed as train guard. Each regiment will have a rear guard, and no straggling will be tolerated under any circumstances. The ambulances and ammunition wagons will follow their regiments. All the line must be kept well closed up, and ready to repel any attack from the enemy.

By order of Major-General Logan:

SAMUEL CALDWELL,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF NORTHEAST LOUISIANA, Goodrich's Landing, La., October 17, 1863.

Major General J. B. McPHERSON,Vicksburg, Miss.:

GENERAL: I have just sent you by signal a dispatch stating that information is received that the enemy designs soon to make an attack on the troops in this district, and for this purpose are assembling their forces on Bayou Macon. Three thousand are now reported this side of Bayou Macon. This is not mere rumor. For several days matters here have looked cloudy, and to-day appear to be assuming tangible shape. The troops for the defense of the district are much scattered and entirely inadequate for the purpose, and not enough for self-defense. They will sweep the district if they come with the force reported, and I respectfully request that re-enforcements be sent without delay-2,000 infantry, 200 cavalry, and a battery of artillery. I have, since being in command here, on several occasions heard reports of forces, but none so well founded as this, and at those times wished for no

re-enforcements nor called for any. I hope, therefore, it will not now be thought that his is a stampede.

The forces under me, I have stated, are much scattered: One regiment at Milliken's Bend, small; two here, one weak; one at Transylvania; the one at Milliken's Bend 15 miles, the one at Transylvania 5 miles from here. I hope the re-enforcements will be sent me, and if the enemy do not attack I will attack him, if

re-enforced.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN P. HAWKINS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE TENNESSEE, Cairo, Ill., October 17, 1863.

Major General S. A. HURLBUT,Commanding Sixteenth Army Corps.

GENERAL: I arrived here yesterday morning, and immediately reported by telegraph to Washington. Answer is just received for

