
I have another dispatch from Halleck reiterating that the question of supplies is the man one and must be always kept in view.

I don't think you need any infantry at Memphis other than for defense. The reserve along the road should be naturally Corinth and Grand Junction.

My two leading divisions move to-day; I follow to-morrow. Will push to Tuscumbia, leaving the road to be repaired after us.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Memphis, Tenn., October 17, 1863.

ColonelJ. W. FULLER,Commanding Brigade:

COLONEL: You will move your brigade as early as possible in the morning of to-morrow.

First. You should be able to reach Germantown to-morrow.

Second. Thence to Moscow.

Third. Thence to one or other branch of Clear Creek, south of Saulsbury.

Fourth. Thence to the Hatchie, south of Pocahontas.

Fifth. Thence to Corinth.

You will take the main road and move steadily, repressing all straggling and plundering, and making the march orderly. On arriving at Corinth you will report to Brig. General G. M. Dodge, who will give you further orders.

I regret to lose your brigade from Memphis, but the exigencies of the services seem to demand it.

The course of marches indicated is not imperative, but will of course be varied by circumstances.

Your obedient servant,

S. A. HURLBUT,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF MEMPHIS, Memphis, October 17, 1863.

ColonelI. G. KAPPNER, First Tennessee Heavy Artillery (A. D.):

COLONEL: The Eighty-ninth Indiana and One hundred and seventeenth Illinois Volunteer Infantry having been ordered to remove from Fort Pickering, you will, on the departure of Colonel Murray, assume command of Fort Pickering. You will make immediate arrangements to relieve the guards now on duty at the fort with the soldiers of your command. You will take charge of the "pass system" of the fort, and detail a competent officer to take charge of the pass office outside of the fort. You will report to the general commanding department for further instructions.

By order of Brig. General James C. Veatch:

JAMES O. PIERCE,Assistant Adjutant-General.

