
of the Third Regulars and Fifth Ohio. He will load his wagons lightly and pass across Bear Creek, and up to Tuscumbia, securing from destruction as much of the railroad as possible, that it may be repaired by the troops following.

* * * *

By order of Major General W. T. Sherman:

R. M. SAWYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WASHINGTON, D. C., October 17, 1863-5 p.m.

Major-General SCHOFIELD, Saint Louis:

If any troops can be spared from General Steele's command, send them to Memphis. If any can be spared from Missouri, send them to Louisville, Ky.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

LOUISVILLE, October 17, 1863.

(Received 9.30 p.m)

EDWIN M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

Your dispatch of last night received this afternoon. Will wait at Galt House arrival of messenger, as requested. All the stock of the railroad from Louisville to Stevenson is now in use of Government. Some of the animals have suffered in the journey from Washington, and I have directed that others be substituted from the stock on hand here, which is good. Rest and food will recruit the travelers.

M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General.

LOUISVILLE, KY., October 17, 1863-10 a.m.

(Received 11.25 p.m.)

Hon. EDWIN M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

Arrived here 7 p.m. Transportation moving forward well. Change of gauge on Lexington road finished to-day. Eight and one-half days consumed in doing the work; part of it bad weather. Will see Mr. Stager on arrival.

THOS. A. SCOTT,

Colonel and Aide-de-Camp.

CHATTANOOGA, TENN., October 17, 1863.

(Received 8,25 p.m., 18th.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK, General-in-Chief:

The following dispatch has just been received from Brig. General George Crook, commanding Second Cavalry Division:

ROGERSVILLE, ALA., October 10, 1863.

I have the honor to inform you that the chase is over. I would have dispatched you from the different points, but the rebels left concealed parties along to pick up any couriers I might send back, and my command was so small that I could not send large parties. I have had three fights with the enemy since I left Sequatchie Valley, whipping them very badly each time. The last battle ended at Farmington, Tenn., where I fought Wheeler's entire command with only two brigades. I

