
which surrendered at McMinnville. Wheeler's official report was dated October 12, at Courtland, Ala.* He crossed at Muscle Shoals on the 9th. He admits a loss of 250 killed and wounded, about 200 prisoners, and two pieces artillery. He says Roddey has just crossed at Bellefonte and is on way to Murfreesborough. Wheeler also says that General Lee is at Florence with 2,500 men, and thinks it too hazardous to cross in obedience to orders and will wait the receipt of further orders.

It is reported in to-day's paper that the had of Sherman's column had a sharp fight with a part of Chalmers' division at Collierville and repulsed them.

General Elliott reached here a few moments ago; he starts for Chattanooga to-morrow. Colonels Hodges and Simmons left here

to-day. General Hooker hopes, if you have any unassigned regiments to spare, you will give them to the Eleventh Corps. I take a freight train at midnight. I am reporting frequently, you see.

J. A. GARFIELD,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND, Chattanooga, October 17, 1863.

ColonelW. P. INNES, Nashville:

The general commanding has determined to put the railroad from Bridgeport to Jasper, 12 miles, in running order. The road is graded for that distance, and General Hooker has been directed to put it in order, and have the ties cut, commencing at Bridgeport end. The general directs you to provide track and track-layers as soon as General Hooker is ready for them, and push the road to completion as soon as possible.

There is a bridge to be built at Battle Creek, and a small one, some 30 feet long, between there and Bridgeport. Communicate with General Hooker in regard to the road and give him every assistance in your power.

C. GODDARD,Assistant Adjutant-General.

MURFREESBOROUGH, October 17, 1863.

Captain R. S. THOMAS, Aide-de-Camp:

Please say to the general if pioneers did not break the line, could keep it up in spite of rebels and storms. For last three days the pioneers have torn it down faster than our parties could put it up. Office open at Jasper; second line operating to this place. Will report progress daily. I will be at Bridgeport to-morrow.

J. C. VAN DUZER,

Captain and Superintendent of Military Telegraph.
HEADQUARTERS, October 17, 1863-12.15 a.m.

Captain JONES:

Send by courier or one of your own men.

MERRILL,Captain.

---------------

*See Part II, p.665.

---------------

