
[Copies sent to division commanders with the following indorsement:]
HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Chattanooga, October 18, 1863.

Respectfully referred to the general commanding, who will see that the evils referred to in the within report, so far as his command is concerned, are corrected.

By command of Major-General Thomas:

B. H. POLK,Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Chattanooga, Tenn., October 17, 1863.

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs that the First and Third Division of this corps be moved to their new position on Monday morning next, the movement to begin at daylight. General Baird will occupy the fort. One of his brigades will be posted in the advance works of General McCook, to the right and south of the fort, and his other troops upon the line to the right as far as they will reach. General Rousseau's division will be posted on the line to the right of General Baird, his left resting upon General Baird's right, and filling the space between that and the river.

The picket-line will remain as it is at present until Tuesday, at which time preparations will have been made to have it conform to the change in troops.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. H. POLK,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Copy to General Rousseau and General Baird.)

HDQRS. THIRD BRIG., SECOND DIV., 14TH ARMY CORPS, October 17, 1863.

General REYNOLDS,

Chief of Staff:

That man Day, who lives on the island, and whom I sent over this morning before daylight to see Rose, Lumpkin's overseer, was captured by the rebels. The overseer came down to the upper end of the island and yelled over to Day's wife this fact, and that the rebels intend crossing at Harrison's and come down and surround and capture this force, with ulterior designs on Chattanooga. They are making every preparation to effect this crossing as soon as possible. My pickets still report hearing calking on the other side. If the maps of the river can be relied upon the most eligible place for them to cross is above Harrison's, at the island opposite or near Dallas, spoken of by Colonel Atkins last night, as its north shore comes to within 165 feet of this side. There is no commanding ground, as I understand, upon this side from which we can sweep the island by artillery. An engineer's survey of the river above here is almost an imperative necessity. Our force is too weak in the neighborhood

