
sive works and to report frequently. There are now about 125 men fit for duty, 100 convalescents, and 75 sick. The men were paroled by the Confederate cavalry, but have been collected and placed on duty by Surgeon Mintzer, who has assumed command and reported for orders. He has been instructed to send the sick to Nashville.

I am, sir, very respectfully, you obedient servant,

C. GODDARD,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. SECOND BRIG., FIRST DIV., 4TH ARMY CORPS, October 17, 1863.

Major FULLERTON,Assistant Adjutant-General, Fourth Army Corps:

The fog is so heavy that nothing can be seen yet over the river. The knocking and chopping was heard again opposite the head of the island. It is so concealed by the woods that we cannot discover what it is. In accordance with the intimation given by General Granger, I sent a fatigue party to cut the roads so that artillery could be concentrated on the ridge overlooking the enemy's camp. Artillery can be very advantageously located 400 or 500 yards nearer than any we have bearing on them now. I have not got the range accurate from all the points, one especially from Captain Naylor's battery. We will throw a shell or two this evening for the purpose of getting exact range. Their camp is in full view and number of men visible at almost any hour of the day. After the fog rises, if anything is visible that needs your attention, I will report it. This is a most admirable point for a 20-pounder Parrott.

I respectfully suggest the propriety and necessity for the health of the man, that their hats and blankets be hurried up as soon as possible; if they have to shift longer without them, their health will be seriously impaired.

The reports required are being made as rapidly as the scattered condition of my command and difficulty of crossing the river will admit. I send this by an orderly on foot, crossing the river in a skiff opposite my quarters.

Respectfully,

W. C. WHITAKER,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES, Camp, Battle Creek, Tenn., October 17, 1863.

Major-General REYNOLDS,Chief of Staff, Department Headquarters:

GENERAL: Dispatch received. Every man will be put upon the bridge necessary for its early completion, as soon as the tools can be obtained to work with. In accordance with orders from department headquarters, the river was thoroughly patrolled above and below this point to-day. No sign of the enemy. The pontoon across the Sequatchie was finished and train crossing at 1 p.m. Large force to work upon the road. Generals Garfield and Steedman passed through to-day. Nothing further to communicate.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES D. MORGAN,

Brigadier-General.

