
The Sixteenth Illinois left this afternoon about 4 o'clock for Bob White's, as per order of Brigadier-General Morgan. The Third Ohio left this morning early to repair road between here and Jasper. The Sequatchie is falling rapidly.

I feel it my duty to report Second Lieutenant Watson, acting quartermaster Ninety-eight Illinois Volunteers Infantry, in charge of train of First Brigade, Fourth Division, Fourteenth Army Corps. He represents that he camped his train (en route to Stevenson for supplies) two or three days since on this side of river at a ford over the Sequatchie. This morning he sent a man to these headquarters for rations, who reported that the train was waiting for the river to fall, intending to ford and go down on the other side. I immediately sent word to Lieutenant Watson that there was a pontoon bridge over the river near Jasper, and to do dow non this side of the riven without delay. This evening I learn he has not yet gone, and intends to wait where he is until the river becomes fordable.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. F. SMITH,

Colonel, Commanding.

OCTOBER 18, 1863-5.30 a.m.

P. S.-Have just received your communications of 4.05 and 7 p.m., October 17. Have sent the Sixteenth Illinois and Third Ohio as indicated above, by direction of Brigadier-General Morgan. Will immediately move as directed with Tenth Michigan and Sixtieth Illinois and Beebe's battery, leaving the Tenth Illinois here. Thirty-one of our teams left yesterday for Stevenson to get rations. We have now rations of hard bread only, and of that, barely sufficient to last us to the 20th. Will your instructions in regard to Hatfield's bridge with commanding officer Tenth Illinois.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND, Chattanooga, October 17, 1863.

Major W. H. SINCLAIR,Asst. Adjt. General, Cavalry Command, Decherd:

General Stanley has not yet returned. Do not know where he is. All cheer to the cavalry for the good work they have done. That is better than rations, ain't it?

HENRY M. CIST,

Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ELEVENTH AND TWELFTH ARMY CORPS, Stevenson, Ala., October 17, 1863. (Received 19th.)

Brig. General GEORGE CROOK,

Commanding Cavalry, Flint River:

GENERAL: I am directed by the major-general commanding to inform you that Roddey's cavalry is still on the north side of the Tennessee River, and that he is in your vicinity. A mail to General Bragg, captured to-day from a staff officer of Major-General Wheeler, indicates this, and we know that a rebel force has moved down the south side of the river to aid that force in crossing. The general

