
desires that you will push out in every direction, and if you can ascertain his whereabouts, strike and destroy him. He has in his command about 1,000 men and is without artillery. From the rebel mail we learn the full particulars of your fight at Farmington, and it is highly creditable to you and your command.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. PERKINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND, Chattanooga, October 17, 1863.

Major-General HOOKER,Stevenson:

Direct General Howard to replace with a brigade General Morgan's force at Battle Creek and assume his present duties without delay.

By order of Major-General Rosecrans:

C. GODDARD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

STEVENSON, October 17, 1863.

Lieutenant ColonelC. GODDARD,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Arrived: 10 a.m. two wagons signal corps department headquarters (one wagon left at Sequatchie River on account of high water), E. J. Cornell, wagon-master, in charge. Thirty-six wagons, Sheridan's Second Division, Fourth Army Corps, Lieutenant Brown, quartermaster Forty-fourth Illinois, in charge; guard, 53 men; had been five days out from Chattanooga.

Departed: Forty wagons first section, Second Division, Twentieth Army Corps (subsistence stores for Chattanooga); guard, 80 men; in charge of Lieutenant T. A. Pesso, Forty-ninth Ohio Volunteers.

Railroad arrivals: Twenty-four cars subsistence stores, one car quartermaster's stores, one car forage.

On hand here 8 p.m. last night, 2,998 sacks.

Repairs on rail bridges between here and Battle Creek completed

to-night.

Interesting and valuable dispatches, captured near Trenton, will be sent you by first courier. Collision in the trains to-day; two locomotives destroyed.

JOSEPH HOOKER,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND, Chattanooga, October 17, 1863.

Major General JOSEPH HOOKER,

Comdg. Eleventh and Twelfth Corps, Stevenson, Ala.:

GENERAL: The general commanding has received through your headquarters the report of Colonel Le Duc, chief quartermaster of the Eleventh Corps, in regard to the rail and wagon roads from Bridgeport to Jasper. He directs you to provide for the completion of the railroad as soon as possible, commencing at the Bridgeport end, and preparing the road-bed for laying the track. He is con-

