
No. 2 (bridge next west of Stevenson): One company, under command of Lieutenant A. S. Wormley, Fifty-fifth Ohio.

No. 3 (bridge): One company, under command of Captain L. M. Buchwalter, Seventy-third Ohio.

No. 4 (bridge): One company, under command of Captain James Farson, Thirty-third Massachusetts.

No. 5 (bridge): One company under command of Lieutenant John Kinney, Seventy-third Ohio.

No. 6 (trestle): One small company, under command of Lieutenant Bromley, Fifty-fifth Ohio.

No. 7 (bridge next east of Anderson): One company, under command of Lieutenant Bailey, One hundred and thirty-sixth New York.

No. 8 (Anderson Station), where ColonelJames Wood, commanding One hundred and thirty-sixth New York, has his headquarters, and three companies of his regiment.

No. 9 (bridge next west of Stevenson): One company, under command of Captain Chapin, One hundred and thirty-sixth New York.

No. 10 (bridge): One company, under command of Captain Cole, One hundred and thirty-sixth New York.

No. 11 (bridge): One company,under command of Captain Cameron, One hundred and thirty-sixth New York.

No. 12 (Tantalon Station and trestle, thence west to tunnel): Three companies of One hundred and thirty-sixth New York, under command of Major Arnold, same regiment.

This arrangement was partially instituted on the 11th instant, and fully consummated on the 14th, since which no event worthy of note has transpired. The remainder of the brigade is encamped at this station near the fort.

The recent rise in the creek (Crow Creek) rendered it necessary to remove some of the companies from the stockades, but not so far as to interfere, with the performance of their duties.

I have directed Colonel Wood to report from Anderson daily through me. If necessary to have daily reports from the commander at each bridge, please advise me.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ORLAND SMITH,

Colonel Seventy-third Ohio Regt. Comdg. Second Brigade.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, D. C., October 17, 1863-9 a.m.

Major-General BURNSIDE,

Knoxville, Tenn.:

I am greatly interested to know how many new troops of all sorts you have raised in Tennessee. Please inform me.

A. LINCOLN.

WAR DEPARTMENT, October 17, 1863-9 a.m.

J. J. WILLIAMS and

N. G. TAYLOR,

Knoxville, Tenn.:

You do not estimate the holding of East Tennessee more highly than I do. There is no absolute purpose of withdrawing our forces

