
a quartermaster of the Fourteenth Army Corps on the road out, who told them that three of the division trains of the Fourteenth Army Corps had been captured, the ammunition trains burned, and the rest of the train taken up the valley the other side of the mountain. Teamsters and soldiers have also arrived and confirm this report.

ROBT. B. MITCHELL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS CHIEF OF CAVALRY, DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND, Island

Ferry, October 2, 1863.

Brigadier-General GARFIELD,Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: The party I sent to find out about the truth of the rumor in regard to our trains has returned. It went out 12 miles. They learned from a major, other officers, and enlisted men, and sutlers, coming from the direction of Bridgeport, who saw the rebel cavalry, that there were three or four regiments. Some reported two brigades, and scared teamsters 10,000; that the trains captured were those of Generals Brannan, Negley, and Rousseau-an ammunition train, and about forty sutlers' wagons; that they burned the whole; that about 400 of the enemy started in the direction of Bridgeport, the remainder of them going up the valley, leading off mules and taking also some of our men.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROBT. B. MITCHELL,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS NINETY-SECOND ILLINOIS, Harrison's Landing, October 2, 1863.

Major WILLIAM H. SINCLAIR,Assistant Adjutant-General:

MAJOR: I learn this a.m. that all the fords above me are left unguarded. All the other mounted force are leaving, but I have no orders. No courier line to brigade headquarters. I am informed that it has left. I am here awaiting orders.

Very respectfully,

S. D. ATKINS,

Colonel, Commanding.

[Indorsements.]

The original copy was sent by an orderly, but was lost in the river.

JOHN K. RANKIN,

Lieutenant and Aide-de-Camp.

I have ordered Colonel Atkins to co-operate with ColonelDan. McCook, guard the fords in front of him, and watch the roads leading down

from above him.

ROBT. B. MITCHELL,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Cavalry.

