
embracing the departments of the Ohio, of the Cumberland, and of the Tennessee.

The headquarters of the Military Division of the Mississippi will be in the field, where all reports and returns required by Army Regulations and existing orders will be made.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. THIRD DIV., 17TH ARMY CORPS,No. 166. Camp near Bolton, Miss., October 18, 1863.

I. The order of march to-morrow will be as follows:

First. Three regiments of First Brigade and one battery.

Second. Division and First Brigade trains.

Third. Two regiments of First Brigade.

Fourth. Second Brigade train.

Fifth. Second Brigade and one battery.

Sixth. Third Brigade train with one regiment Third Brigade in center.

Seventh. Four regiments of Third Brigade with one battery in center.

The ambulances and ammunition-wagons will follow their regiments.

II. Each regiment will have a rear guard, and no straggling will be tolerated under any circumstances. All the lines must be kept well closed up and ready to repel any attack.

By command of Major-General Logan:

SAMUEL CALDWELL,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

CORINTH, MISS., October 18, 1863.

(Received 4.15 p.m., 21st.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

Dispatch of the 14th received. The railroad is in good order to Bear Creek. Railroad badly broken beyond Bear Creek. I will push my head of column rapidly to Tuscumbia and Florence, and repair road as fast as possible. Stage of water at Eastport seems good for navigation of light boats. A small, light steam ferry-boat up at Eastport would be most valuable. General Grant, who has gone above, will notify General Rosecrans of my exact position and force, and I will report from Athens as soon as possible, bearing in mind your order as to supplies.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Corinth, October 18, 1863.

Major General S. A. BURLBUT,

Commanding District of Memphis:

DEAR GENERAL: I received your letter yesterday, and think with Fuller's brigade, which a strong and good one, we can cover this

