
therefore desires an especial watch kept, and that the artillery in position may be ready to open the moment the plan and place of the enemy are discovered.

By order of General Rosecrans:

WM. F. SMITH,

Chief Engineer, Department of the Cumberland.

(Copy to corps commanders.)

CIRCULAR, HEADQUARTERS CHIEF OF ARTILLERY, DEPARTMENT OF

No. 1. THE CUMBERLAND, Chattanooga, Tenn., October 18, 1863.

Battery commanders will at once set their blacksmiths to work to make thimbles and hooks, and the carpenters to make handles for drag-ropes; two for each carriage. Rope will be furnished.

Drag-rope, 4-inch rope, 28 feet long, with a thimble worked in a loop at once end and a thimble and hook at the other end.

Six handles, wood, 12 inches long, 1 1/2 inches in diameter, fastened in the rope at the distance of 4 feet apart, and at the same distance from each end of the rope.

By command of Brigadier-General Brannan:

LOUIS J. LAMBERT,

Captain, Assistant Adjutant-General, Artillery.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND, Chattanooga, October 18, 1863.

GENERAL: There were a number of infantry soldiers mounted as orderlies for brigade and division commanders, under the old organization, which are now unnecessary. The general commanding directs that all of them whose services are not required at the present brigade and division headquarters be required to turn in their horses at once, and that the horses so turned in be used to replace unserviceable ones in your command. The spare animals which were ordered to be sent to the rear will be sent to the head of the pontoon bridge at 8 a.m. to-morrow, from whence they will start immediately, under charge of Lieutenant-Colonel Sympson, quartermaster, for Nashville.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,C. GODDARD,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Copy to Major-General Thomas and Major-General Granger.)
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY CORPS, Chattanooga, October 18, 1863.

Major General G. H. THOMAS,

Commanding Fourteenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: I have just seen General Rosecrans, who directs me to say that, owing to the present prospect of rain, the mud, and damp

