
ground, the movements of your troops and those of the Fourth Army Corps, as indicated to-day, will not be made in the morning, nor until further orders.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. GRANGER,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. SECOND BRIG., SECOND DIV.,14TH ARMY CORPS, Sale Creek, Tenn., October 18, 1863-7.20 p.m.

Major General J. J. REYNOLDS,Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: The following is just received, viz:

BLYTHE'S FERRY, TENN., October 18, 1863.

Lieutenant JOHN B. WELSH,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: Lieutenant Murphy writes me from Doughty's Ferry that he has learned to-day through 2 good Union ladies that the rebels have left the south side of the river, except mill guards. They report that they were ordered to Charleston or Loudon, but the ladies did not know which. The ladies' names are Mrs. Casey and Mrs. Gilbreath. I have been of opinion all day that they were gone, as I have seen none until this evening. Some haven been firing the river late this evening, but I suppose them to be some of Snow's marauders.

Respectfully,&amp;c.

JOSEPH A. COOPER,

Colonel, Commanding Sixth Tennessee Infantry.

General Spears directs me to say that he considers the information to be reliable, as he has it from other sources; and the ladies in question are of undoubted veracity, and are the wives of 2 soldiers of this command, in the Fifth Tennessee Infantry. All is quiet in this vicinity. No news from below. Reports from above say that all is quiet.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN B. WELSH,

First Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Later: Just received the inclosed dispatch from Post Oak Springs, and recalled the courier to inclose same with this.

J. B. W.

[Inclosure.]
HDQRS. FIRST BRIG., FOURTH DIV., 23rd ARMY CORPS, Post Oak Springs, Tenn., October 18, 1863.

Captain D. C. TREWHITT,Asst. Adjt. General, Third Brig., Third Div., 23rd Army Corps:

CAPTAIN: I have just learned that one of our couriers having a dispatch from Major-General Rosecrans to General Burnside ha disappeared. The dispatch has not been received here. I am sending out 25 men to search for him. Please notify General Rosecrans of the loss of the dispatch. I cannot learn yet whether the courier was captured or not. I will inform you if anything is heard from it.

Respectfully,&c.,

JAS. McCARTNEY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

