
[Indorsement.]

OCTOBER 18, 1863-7.20 p.m.

Forward this dispatch by courier to Major-General Rosecrans with all speed.

D. C. TREWHITT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. THIRD BRIG., SECOND DIV., 14TH ARMY CORPS, Camp on Chickamauga Creek, October 18, 1863.

Brig. General J. A. GARFIELD,Chief of Staff:

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report in regard to the condition of affairs at this point:

The officer of the day reports the moving of about three rebel regiments of infantry in the direction of Chattanooga. When first noticed they were nearly opposite the mouth of North Chickamauga. The river is stationary. Further than the above, nothing new has been learned since last report, more than what I have already advised you of.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

DANL. McCOOK,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND, Chattanooga, October 18, 1863.

Major-General GRANGER:

The major-general commanding directs that all officers who have heretofore been serving as staff officers at the headquarters of the various brigades and divisions under the old organization, and whose service are not required under the new arrangement, be ordered to join their respective regiments. As soon as practicable you will please forward a full report of the organization of the staffs of the commanders of brigades and divisions of your corps, for the information of the general commanding; and that orders may be issued from these headquarters assigning them in such places as may be necessary to their new positions.

I am, sir, your obedient servant,C. GODDARD,

Lieutenant Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

HDQRS. SECOND BRIG., FIRST DIV., FOURTH ARMY CORPS, October 18, 1863.

Major FULLERTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

All quiet on the Tennessee. The enemy have partly moved back from my front, in consequence of the flooding of their camps. The range of the guns yesterday evening reached their main camps on their left, at 2,700 yards, exploding three shells in their camp out of

