
eight. The ammunition of Naylor is very defective. Send me your largest sized Parrott, and I can shell them out of their camps at the foot of the mountain (Lookout).

The ferry-boat is in charge of the Eighteenth Kentucky, at the Narrows; they have trouble in guarding her. Shall I bring her up or destroy her? One or the other should be done. The island ought be to be occupied by our troops; by a picket at any rate. With that ferry-boat between the island and the mainland we can hold it with safety to them on it. The enemy have some rifle-pits parallel with ours, and to find their range, I may fire three or four shots this evening to get the distance; if not this evening, to-morrow.

There is but little doing on Lookout. They seem to have gone in the direction of Bridgeport or up Chattanooga Creek. Fires are not so numerous; men not so frequently seen east of Lookout, and indications of increased activity up Lookout Valley and toward Shellmound. Why cannot we whip off Lookout, and Raccoon, too?

Respectfully,

W. C. WHITAKER,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES, Camp, Battle Creek, Tenn., October 18, 1863.

Lieutenant-Colonel GODDARD,Assistant Adjutant-General, Department Headquarters:

COLONEL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your dispatch ordering the troops at this point to move to Anderson's Cross-Roads. I will move with the command as soon as relieved by General Howard. Three of the regiments with me have only ten wagons in the aggregate, and it will be very difficult to keep the command supplied with rations. I earnestly request that more transportation be furnished them.

The regiments detachments at this point are as follow:

Thirty-fourth Illinois Infantry, Eighteenth Illinois Infantry, One hundred and eighth Ohio Infantry, Tenth Ohio Cavalry (7 companies), and Edgarton's battery.

The Third Ohio is working the road between Sequatchie River and Anderson's Cross-Roads.

Very respectfully,

JAMES D. MORGAN,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES, Battle Creek, Tenn., October 18, 1863.

Major-General REYNOLDS,

Chief of Staff, Department Headquarters:

GENERAL: The receipt of your dispatch was acknowledged this morning, and the force at this place would move as soon as relieved by General Howard. We are much in want of transportation, and in consequence not as well supplied as I could wish. Will do as

