
well as possible with what we have. The pontoons are in good order at Battle Creek and Sequatchie River, and trains have been passing without interruption. A very large force will be required to keep the roads in order. I am advised that Colonel Smith at present in command of my brigade, moved this morning with the Tenth Michigan and Sixtieth Illinois for Dallas. The Sixteenth Illinois left yesterday for Bob White's. The Tenth Illinois are left at Anderson's Cross-Roads. The Third Ohio are this side repairing road. The section of Edgarton's battery arrived to-day. The Thirteenth Wisconsin and Twenty-eighth Kentucky are at Stevenson. I would again respectfully request that the Fourteenth Michigan be ordered forward to join their brigade, and that they be dismounted. All quiet along this part of the line. If the general commanding thinks it best, I will send forward the Tenth Ohio Cavalry and one regiment of infantry and the battery, at once, without waiting for General Howard's command.
I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES D. MORGAN,

Brigadier-General.

[Indorsement.]

Colonel Tillson ought to go to Harrison and Dallas. See if there be any mistake.

W. S. R.,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS CHIEF OF CAVALRY, Decherd, October 18, 1863.

Major General W. S. ROSECRANS,Commanding Department of the Cumberland:

GENERAL: I have received no dispatch from you since I arrived here, although I have sent you several. Have you not received them? I am doing all in my power to put the command again in good condition, and am getting rations, clothing, horseshoes,&amp;c., as fast as possible; but it is positively necessary that we get a great many new horses before the command can be of much service-the stock was so badly used up in the pursuit of Wheeler and Roddey. As soon as possible I wish to be relieved from duty in the cavalry command, as I cannot, if I have any regard for my health, continue longer in it. The severe devolving on me since having been on duty in this arm of the service has rendered the state of my health much worse than formerly,and the chances of my ultimate recovery more remote, and I feel that in justice to myself I should not expose myself any longer as I have been obliged to do for the last four months. When I last saw General R. S. Granger he expressed a desire seemed very anxious to be assigned to the cavalry command. I should like to see him assigned to that duty. I will not leave anything undone till I get the command in condition.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROBT. B. MITCHELL,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Cavalry.

