HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY DETACHMENT, Rankin's Ferry, Ala., October 18, 1863.

Major W. H. SINCLAIR,Assistant Adjutant-General, Cavalry Command:

MAJOR: I have the honor to report all quiet from here to Kelly's Ferry. Patrols from there and here meeting and exchanging reports.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. P. WELLS,

Captain, Second Michigan Cavalry, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ELEVENTH AND TWELFTH CORPS, Stevenson, Ala., October 18, 1863.

(Received 20th.)

Brig. General GEORGE CROOK,Commanding Cavalry, Flint River:

GENERAL: I am directed by the major-general commanding to inform you that he is advised through the captured rebel mail that Wheeler, with him command, is at Courtland awaiting orders from General Bragg, and that it is the opinion of two well-informed officers they will recross the Tennessee a view to a continuation of their raid in Middle Tennessee. From this same mail it is reported that Wheeler's force consisted of between 2,000 and 3,000 men, and not 10,000 as was reported by General Mitchell. Wheeler's officers are as likely to underestimate as ours to overestimate the enemy's forces.

We have good reason to conclude that Roddey's force is still on the north side of the Tennessee, as forces have been sent down the opposite bank of the river to assist him in recrossing. There are not over 1,000 men in his party. It would be a splendid affair to get on his trail and capture or destroy his party.

Colonel Stokes was here on the 16th, and has gone to Chattanooga to inform the commanding general of your circumstances. Until advised from that source the major-general commanding directs that you establish yourself at some convenient point, having in mind the subsistence of your men and the forage of your horses. From what is known of the condition of the railroad it is apprehended that you will not be able to haul supplies in the present condition of the road to your present camp. If not, move up to a point where you can.

It is very necessary that you should save your teams, and especially is it necessary that you should husband your horses. If you should have occasion to send out detachments left them always be of the minimum number to accomplish the object in view.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. PERKINS,

Lieutenant, Aide-de-Camp, and Actg. Asst. Adjt. General
HEADQUARTERS SECOND CAVALRY DIVISION, Brownsborough, Ala., October 18, 1863.

Brig. General J. A. GARFIELD,

Chief of Staff, Department of the Cumberland:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that I arrived here yesterday and expected to find a train of provisions here for me, but, upon in-

