
vestigation, I find that Paint Rock bridge is burned, and several culverts between there and Larkinsville are destroyed, and that Paint Rock River is so deep it cannot be forded for several days.

I have sent for my trains to come to this point. I will construct a temporary bridge across the river for them to pass on. I will repair the culverts from Larkinsville to the river, and can build the bridge at Paint Rock in ten days, if furnished with the necessary implements. For twenty days I have been constantly marching, and part of this time in a drenching rain, and have only drawn three day's rations in that time. A great many of my men are nearly naked. A great many of my horses are barefooted and worn out. The command is in a terrible condition. I would like to have plenty of time to put it in condition, and my proportion of good horses when they arrive. I wish you would send me a telegraph operator, instructed to repair the line as he comes. I think it will require very little repairing. This country is so badly infested with guerrillas it will be unsafe to establish a

courier-line. I would like to get permission to visit Chattanooga to see the general. Please answer by telegraph, care of Captain John R. Craig, assistant quartermaster, Stevenson. There is plenty of forage in this country.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEORGE CROOK,

Brigadier-General.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND,

No. 278. Chattanooga, Tenn., October 18, 1863.

* * * * *

IX. Wilder's brigade, heretofore known as the First Brigade, Fourth Division, Fourteenth Army Corps, is transferred to the cavalry command, and will report to the chief of cavalry, who will assign it a number in the cavalry organization and report its designation to these headquarters.

* * * * *

By command of Major-General Rosecrans:

H. M. CIST,

Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. NINETY-SECOND ILLINOIS VOLUNTEERS, Harrison's Landing, Tenn., October 18, 1863-3.30 p.m.

ColonelC. GODDARD,Assistant Adjutant-General, Dept. of the Cumberland:

COLONEL: Have reports in from along the line since 12 m. All quiet. The enemy are withdrawing all their pickets at Harrison's about 10 a.m., at Igou's about 12 m. Mrs. Puckett, wife of a loyal man, living, near Dallas, came to the river and said the rebels were all leaving, and they, the rebels, said they were going toward Knoxville would be back again at 12 p.m. to-night.

Most respectfully,

SMITH D. ATKINS,

Colonel Ninety-second Illinois Volunteers.

