HEADQUARTERS NINETY-SECOND ILLINOIS VOLUNTEERS, Harrison's Landing, Tenn., October 18, 1863-8 p.m.

ColonelC. GODDARD,Assistant Adjutant General, Dept. of the Cumberland:

COLONEL: Mrs. Vinson, wife of the clerk of the circuit court of this county, whose husband has long been on this side of the river, came across this evening. She brings no positive information, but I gather the following:

The Chattanooga Rebel of the 11th instant states that Davis, Lee, and Johnson are with Bragg's army, and that Chattanooga cannot be assaulted; the time is past.

The rebel soldiers state that a great deal of bad feeling exists between the Tennessee and Georgia troops, and some of the Tennessee troops declare it is useless to fight another battle, only a waste of life,&amp;c.

That Wheeler has arrived at Decatur, Ala., and has been ordered to return to Middle Tennessee, regarding his late raid as a success, and that those on picket opposite here were ordered to join him to go with him.

That Bragg has three complete pontoons opposite Stevenson, Ala., all ready to lay down.

This talk among rebel soldiers may amount to but little, but this is all Mrs. Vinson can give.

Most respectfully,

SMITH D. ATKINS,

Colonel Ninety-second Illinois Volunteers.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND, Chattanooga, October 18, 1863.

ColonelT. J. HARRISON,Comdg.39th Indiana Mounted Infantry, Poe's Tavern:

On the 16th instant orders were sent you to unite your command at once with that of ColonelSmith D. Atkins, at Harrison's Landing, to watch and guard the river. No report of the execution of this order has been received at these headquarters. The general commanding directs in case the order failed to reach you or you have from any cause delayed the movement, that you move at once, as indicated, sending a report of your compliance with this order to these headquarters by courier.

Very respectfully, you obedient servant,

C. GODDARD,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS THIRTY-NINTH INDIANA VOLUNTEERS, Poe's Cross-Roads, Tenn., October 18, 1863.

Lieutenant-Colonel GODDARD,Assistant Adjutant-General, Dept. of the Cumberland:

My regiment has not received their transportation, which was ordered away from them in the late campaign. We are now 50 miles from rations and 25 miles from forage. We cannot ration our men and forage our horses with the transportation on hand. The discrepancy is becoming serious.

T. J. HARRISON,

Colonel Thirty-ninth Indiana Volunteers.

30 R R-VOL XXX, PT IV

