
BRIDGEPORT, October 18, 1863-11.12 p.m.

Major-General ROSECRANS:

A scouting party from my command captured at Trenton a staff officer of General Wheeler, bearing dispatches to General Bragg; also the flag taken from a regiment at McMinnville. Wheeler is at Courtland awaiting orders from Bragg. No force of the enemy was found at Trenton. Rebel dispatches forwarded to General Hooker.

O. O. HOWARD,

Major-General.

WASHINGTON, October 18, 1863-11 a.m.

Major-General BURNSIDE,

East Tennessee:

General Rosecrans still calls for your co-operation with him at Chattanooga, and again suggests that Kingston should be made your main point of defense. In this I agree with him. If he cannot hold Chattanooga, you cannot hold East Tennessee, as that place threatens the gateway from Georgia. Why is it that you make no reports of your position or movements? We are left utterly in the dark in regard to your army.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

MOUNT STERLING, October 18, 1863.

Brigadier-General BOYLE:

A scout I sent out last night in the direction of Sharpsburg returned to-day at noon with 6 prisoners, among the rest the notorious scoundrel J. Kelly, dressed in Major Wileman's complete uniform, and who has boasted to citizens are here now that he killed the major. The prisoners have just been reported, and were on the provost-marshal's office when Major Watkins, formerly of the Ninth Kentucky Cavalry, rushed in and shot Kelley, who is now dying. The same Kelley night before last robbed Watkins of $300, and made him look in his pistol-barrel, swearing he was the man that killed Wileman and had come to kill him. Another rebel whom we have also a prisoner, interfered and prevented Kelley. I have Watkins in custody. What shall I do with him? The loyal citizens unanimous in petitioning me for his immediate release. Please answer immediately.

C. C. MATSON,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Post.

MUNFORDVILLE, KY., October 18, 1863.

Colonel STRICKLAND, Glasgow:

Dispatch from Columbia says that Hughs and Hamilton have united their forces between Burkesville and Celina, and intend an attack on Glasgow. The information was obtained from persons living at Livingston, Tenn. Your force can whip them if they attempt it.

E. Y. HOBSON,

Brigadier-General.

