
McCALLUM'S, October 19, 1863-11.45 a.m.

General M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General, Louisville, Ky.:

The following is the order referred to in your dispatch:
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,No. 337. Washington, November 10, 1862.

* * * * *

16. Commanding officers of troops along the United States military railroads will give all facilities to the officers of the road and the quartermaster for loading and unloading cars, so as to prevent any delay. On arrival at depots, whether in the day or right, the cars will be instantly unloaded, and working parties will always be in readiness for that duty, and sufficient to unload the whole train at once. Commanding officers will be charged with guarding the track, sidings, wood, water-tanks, &amp;c., within their several commands, and will be held responsible for the result. Any military officer who shall neglect his duty in this respect will be reported by the quartermaster and officers of the railroad, and his name will be stricken from the rolls of the army.

Depots will be established at suitable points, under the direction of the commanding general, and properly guarded.

No officer, whatever may be his rank, will interfere with the running of the cars as directed by the superintendent of the road. Any one who so interferes will be dismissed form the service for disobedience of orders.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

LOUISVILLE, KY., October 19, 1863.

(Received 3,35 p.m.)

General H. W. HALLECK,

Washington:

Allow me to ask a suspension of the order relieving Colonel Martin from the command at Paducah until a full report can be made. There are factions in West Kentucky who will make every effort to remove every officer they cannot control.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI,No. 2. Louisville, Ky., October 19, 1863.

* * * * *

2. Capt J. M. Wilson, of the Engineer Corps, will proceed at once to Vicksburg, Miss., via Saint Louis, Mo., and take the entire charge of the location and construction of the defenses of Vicksburg and Natchez, Miss. He will call upon Captain C. B. Comstock, chief engineer at Saint Louis,for any instructions he may have to give relative to said works.

* * * * *

By order of Major General U. S. Grant:

T. S. BOWERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

