SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. THIRD DIV., 17TH ARMY CORPS,No. 169. Big Black Railroad Bridge, October 19, 1863.

I. The order of march to camp at Vicksburg to-morrow will be as follows:

First. Second Brigade, one battery, and train at 7.30 a.m.

Second. Third Brigade, one battery, and train.

Third. First Brigade, one battery, and train.

The ambulance will follow their regiments.

II. Brigade commanders will send their sick and foot-sore men to the railroad depot near these headquarters in time for the 7 o'clock train to Vicksburg.

By order of Major-General Logan:

SAMUEL CALDWELL,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

MEMPHIS, TENN., October 19, 1863.

(Received 1.30 a.m., 22nd .)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

Sherman will have two divisions at Tuscumbia to-morrow, 20th. Rebels are tearing up track east of Bear Creek.

S. A. HURLBUT.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Memphis, Tenn., October 19, 1863.

Brig. General JOHN A. RAWLINS,Asst. Adjt. General, Department of the Tennessee, Vicksburg:

GENERAL: The present number of effective mounted men in this command is 5,700.

It is estimated by Colonel Nigh, chief quartermaster, and Colonel Hatch, commanding cavalry division, that there will be required:

From November 1,[1863,] to January 1, 1864, 2,000.

From January 1 to July 1, 1864, 6,000.

This cavalry has to cover the front, rear, and left flank of my line from Memphis to Bear Creek, the posts of Helena, Columbus, and Paducah, and are constantly at work.

I desire through you to call the attention of the Cavalry Bureau to the condition of the Sixth and Seventh Illinois Cavalry Regiments. These regiments are self-mounted, by terms of their enlistment, and receive 40 cents a day for use of horses. I am fully satisfied that there are not ten private horses in the two regiments, and they are therefore mounted at Government expense and on public animals. I recommend that all their horses be branded; that the Government purchase the few,if any, proven to have been brought into the service, and that the allowance of 40 cents a day be stopped. This will cut off a fruitful source of fraud and stop the practice of horse stealing in these regiments.

Your obedient servant,

S. A. HURLBUT,

Major-General.

