
line of the railroad from Memphis to Corinth, and the division thus relieved bring forward under General Dodge to the front. He is an able officer, one whom you can rely upon in an emergency.

The One hundred and eleventh Regiment Illinois Infantry Volunteers is stationed at Paducah, Ky.,and number over 800 effective men. If it is necessary to keep troops there at all, a regiment one-third as large would be ample. It should be moved forward, together with any other regiments that can be spared from Memphis and the line of the railroad, and assigned to strength divisions already to the front.

The chief of departments for the West, at Saint Louis, Mo., have been instructed to shove forward, by the Tennessee and Cumberland Rivers when they rise, supplies for the troops operating on the Chattanooga and Tennessee line.

Admiral Porter is watching both these rivers and will, the moment there is a sufficient rise in either, send in his gun-boats as far up as possible for the convoying of supply-boats and protection of navigation. You will please put yourself in communication with him at once as commander of the Department of the Tennessee.

You are aware of his good feelings toward, and cordial co-operation with, the army, receiving any suggestion for the good of the service in the most courteous and friendly manner and carrying them out, when possible, promptly and willingly. You will have no difficulty with him.

A proper activity on the part of your cavalry ought to enable it to disperse and drive out of West Tennessee, and from the immediate neighborhood of the Memphis and Charleston Railroad, any considerable organized body of the enemy that may be there. The general commanding will leave here to-morrow morning for Chattanooga, where he will establish for the present his headquarters, and until you can communicate with him by a more

direct route you will do so there via Nashville, Tenn.

By order of Major General U. S. Grant:

JOHN A. RAWLINS,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

[Inclosure.]

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI,

No. 2. Louisville, Ky., October 19, 1863.

Subject to the approval of the President, Major General W. T. Sherman, U. S. Volunteers, is hereby assigned to the command of the Department and Army of the Tennessee, headquarters in the field.

By order of Major General U. S. Grant:

T. S. BOWERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

IUKA, MISS., October 19, 1863.

Brig. General P. J. OSTERHAUS,

Commanding First Division, Fifteenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: You will take your entire force off the work on the railroad bridges and move out to Dickson or Cheroke, where you will encamp to-night. The Second Division will encamp to-night on

