
Nothing more has been said. The opposite bank is much higher than our side and we can see nothing beyond.

One officer was heard to say to a sentry, "They are posted there, and do not fire unless they fire upon you."

The opposite bank is so high that if they should attempt to dig rifle-pits to-night, we could not help it.

Respectfully,

C. W. DAVIS,

Major.

SIGNAL STATION, Fort Dunlap, October 19, 1863-4.30 p.m.

Captain JESSE MERRILL,

Chief Signal Officer, Department of the Cumberland:

CAPTAIN: From careful observations to-day I can see but little change in the rebel lines along Missionary Ridge since last report. The change, if any, is the rebels have moved their camps from the low ground farther up the ridge. At a point south-southeast of Fort Dunlap, on the west slope of Missionary Ridge, there is an encampment, with a flag in front of what appears to be the commanding officer's quarters. Blue ground, white border, white spot in center. The rebel works appear to be much damaged by the late rains, and small working parties along the lines are repairing them to-day. No guns to be seen in the "Three-gun earth-work" at the foot of ridge, 35 degrees east of south, from this fort. Heavy columns of smoke from rebel camps, 10 degrees east of south from this point. Enemy are repairing their works at the foot of road leading to the top of ridge, 85 degrees east of south. No change in the camps along the road leading to top of ridge, 50 degrees east of south.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY AYERS,

Lieutenant and Acting Signal Officer.
HDQRS. SECOND BRIG., SECOND DIV.,14TH ARMY CORPS, Sale Creek, Tenn., October 19, 1863-2 p.m.

Major General J. J. REYNOLDS,Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: I am directed by General Spears to say that all is quiet here. Dispatches are just received from Cotton Port Ford and Doughty's Ferry. All is quiet at both points. At the former, no enemy has been heard of in the last twenty-four hours. River still rising. At the latter point, news confirms dispatch sent you last night. The rebels are gone to Charleston, with the exception of a small guard at Birchwood, so citizens report. Major R. H. Dunn, Third Tennessee Infantry, and field officer, has just arrived from the mouth of Sale Creek, and reports all quiet. No rebels.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN B. WELSH,

First Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

31 R R-VOL XXX, PT IV

