
should be overpowered. They are for the most part enlisted men acting as officers. In case of capture a doubt seems to exist-will they be treated by the enemy as officers of the United States or will they be considered an irregular body and hung as spies? For my own part, and I can also vouch for the officers, I am willing to go wherever duty calls the interest of the service requires; but you will see that great necessity of completing our organization at once. Give me a full regiment and we can do much good in this direction; as we are, I fear we can only be an expense to the Government.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THEO. TRAUERNICHT,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ELEVENTH AND TWELFTH CORPS, Stevenson, Ala, October 19, 1863.

Brigadier-General MITCHELL,Commanding Cavalry:

GENERAL: In compliance with instructions from department headquarters, dated the 17th, the major-general commanding the communications directs that you send out scouting parties to obtain information of the movements of Major-General Sherman, and for you to keep open communication with these headquarters. You are further required to carry out the orders for foraging, and also have careful estimates prepared and forwarded of the available forage in your vicinity.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. PERKINS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY DETACHMENT, Rankin's Ferry, October 19, 1863.

Major W. H. SINCLAIR,Assistant Adjutant-General, Cavalry Command:

MAJOR: I have the honor to report all quiet between here and Kelly's Ferry. From 10 to 15 rebels are reported to have been seen night before last between here and Shellmound. They were dismounted, and are supposed to have crossed just above Shellmound. I do not place much credence in the report, as nothing has been seen or heard of them since.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. P. WELLS,

Captain, Second Michigan Cavalry, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY DETACHMENT, Rankin's Ferry, October 19, 1863.

[Captain D. G. SWAIM,

Assistant Adjutant-General:]

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to state that I have this morning started on his way to Chattanooga a black boy taken by our patrol day before yesterday. He is reported to have been seen crossing and recrossing the river carrying rebel mail, and has a bad character gen-

