
erally, being charged as a spy for the enemy. He says that he left General Bragg's headquarters last Tuesday, and saw President Davis and heard him make a speech,&amp;c. I send him to headquarters for further interrogations.

Very respectfully,your obedient servant,

B. P. WELLS,

Captain, Second Michigan Cavalry, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS NINETY-SECOND ILLINOIS VOLUNTEERS, Harrison's Landing, Tenn., October 19, 1863-9 p.m.

ColonelC. GODDARD,Asst. Adjt. General, Dept. of the Cumberland, Chattanooga:

COLONEL: Mrs. Puckett, and entirely reliable Union lady, this day, by arrangement with her husband, a refugee on this side, rode out into the country about Harrison, and this evening cavalry and considerable infantry at Harrison. The rebels said that Bragg had got his large guns from the east and on to Lookout Mountain, and that his other artillery was shout of Pigeon Mountain, and that he would draw Rosecrans out again and whip him.

Lieutenant Rodney has arrived with two pieces of artillery,

12-pounders.

Colonel Harrison, Thirty-ninth Indiana, is here, and the ranking officer, and reports will come from him hereafter.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SMITH D. ATKINS,

Colonel Ninety-second Illinois Volunteers, Wilder's Brigade.

HARRISON'S LANDING, TENN., October 19, 1863-8 a.m.

ColonelC. GODDARD,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Dept. of the Cumberland:

COLONEL: Reports in from all along the line this a.m. All quiet. Enemey's pickets all gone. The wealthy secessionists, on the other side of the river, have all gone south with their families. Cars were heard last night at Tyner's Station once or twice.

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. D. ATKINS,

Colonel Ninety-second Illinois Volunteers.

P. S.-Union citizens, who have been on this side some time and whose homes are on the other side, desire to cross. My orders do not allow of it. Possibly some information might be procured by sending over some good Union men.

Respectfully,

S. D. A.
HEADQUARTERS THIRTY-NINTH REGIMENT, Harrison's Landing, October 19, 1863.

Lieutenant-Colonel GODDARD,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Dept. of the Cumberland:

I received your dispatch of 18th, inclosing copy of order of 16th, at midnight last night. I marched at once to this point, reaching

