
here at 3 a.m. I received at 12.30 last night the original order of the 16th, directed to me in the Sequatchie Valley, via Anderson's Cross-Roads. The mistake in directions explains the failure to comply. I find Colonel Atkins at this point. He informs me that the enemy have withdrawn their pickets opposite his pickets along the river. He is picketing 25 miles along the river. We have twelve wagons and 750 men, 750 horses and 150 mules. We were entitled previous to the recent march to twenty-five wagons and teams, and at so remote a point from our supplies I can't see how we can do with less. We desire thirteen teams.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. J. HARRISON,

Colonel Thirty-ninth Regiment Indiana Volunteers.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY CORPS, Chattanooga, October 19, 1863.

General WOOD;

The general commanding directs that you place your troops in their proper position in line, as the same has been assigned them

to-morrow morning at daylight.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,J. S. FULLERTON,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Copy to General Palmer and General Sheridan.)
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND, October 19, 1863-11 p.m.

Major-General HOOKER,Stevenson:

Major General G. H. Thomas directs me to state that in obedience to the orders of the President of the United States he has assumed command of the Department of the Cumberland. He desires that you will use all possible dispatch in concentrating your command and preparing to move in accordance with the instructions of General Rosecrans, leaving proper railroad guards.

J. J. REYNOLDS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

BRIDGEPORT, October 19, 1863.

Brig. General W. H. SMITH,

Chief Engineer, Department of the Cumberland:

Shall I commence to build a bridge-head for the railroad bridge at this point, which will take 250 men thirty days to complete?

O. O. HOWARD,

Major-General.

STEVENSON, October 19, 1863-9 a.m.

Major-General SLOCUM:

The major-general commanding directs that you send the proper officers to Nashville to have your command supplied with wagons,

