
the rebels have divided into two parties-one goes up the mountain near Pikeville on the road to McMinnville, under the command of Wharton, and the other has gone down the valley toward Anderson's Cross-Roads; both parties left early this morning. As I can catch neither of these parties by following after them, I shall cross the mountain by the Roberson road, and expect to be at McMinnville early to-morrow, and hope to secure this before Wheeler's party.

I hope that Colonel McCook will be able to beat back the rebels at Anderson's Cross-Roads and force him to go up the mountain at Dunlap. The rebels must have some 10,000 men from the most reliable information I can get. Their horses are represented as being in fine condition; my horses are much jaded, especially the battery horses of the Eighteenth Indiana Battery.

After I leave this point it will be unsafe to send couriers, and unless I have some very important information, I will not dispatch you until I reach McMinnville.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEORGE CROOK,

Brigadier-General.

NASHVILLE, TENN., October 2, 1863. [Received 4.40 p.m.]

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

The last of the infantry of the Eleventh Corps reached their destination yesterday. The Twelfth are now passing through this city. I hope the movement will be satisfactory to you. I shall go to the front this morning.

JOSEPH HOOKER,

Major-General, Commanding.

NASHVILLE, October 2, 1863.

General GARFIELD,

Chattanooga:

I leave here to-day. Expect to reach Stevenson, as ordered, by daylight tomorrow. Eleventh Corps all en route from here except the artillery. Head of the Twelfth Corps will leave here to-day. No artillery up yet. I have no cavalry. Aggregate for duty, September 20: Eleventh Corps, 5,834; Twelfth Corps, 9,245. These numbers will be increased somewhat.

JOSEPH HOOKER,

Major-General.

NASHVILLE, October 2, 1863.

Major-General SLOCUM,

Care of ColonelT. A. Scott, Louisville, Ky.:

General Hooker directs you to furnish your command with all the tools allowed it by War Department, and an extra wagon-load

4 R R-VOL XXX, PT IV

