HEADQUARTERS FIFTH MILITARY DISTRICT, DEPARTMENT OF MISSISSIPPI AND EAST LOUISIANA, Grenada, August 12, 1863.

Captain A. H. FORREST,Coila:

CAPTAIN: I am directed by the brigadier-general commanding to say to you that the is informed that the enemy have established themselves at Yazoo City. You will watch their movements closely, and report promptly will be sent to Vaughan's Station to guard the stores there. Your scouts in the vicinity of Yazoo City will be instructed to burn cotton.

I am, &amp;c., your obedient servant,

W. A. GOODMAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MORTON, August 13, 1863.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General:

GENERAL: The condition of military affairs in this department, according to the reports of our scouts, is almost unchanged since the enemy fell back from Jackson.

McPherson's corps is said to be encamped around Vicksburg; Ord's between Bovina and the railroad bridge; and Sherman's west of the Big Black, near Messinger's Ferry; Ransom's brigade and 600 cavalry at Natchez. We have various reports of troops sent to New Orleans and other parts of Louisiana, but they are conflicting.

Colonel Logan's command (mounted) is operating in front of Port Hudson and Natchez. Brigadier-General Jackson's division is at Raymond and Livingston protecting the undevastated country from Federal marauders. Two of his regiments are between the Yazoo and the railroad.

The troops in the northern part of the State are nearly as arranged by Lieutenant-General Pemberton.

A brigade of infantry is at Meridian in readiness to protect Selma and Demopolis in case of raids, and there are two at Enterprise in readiness to join the garrison of Mobile should that place be threatened.

Being unable to find good ground for the encampment of the three divisions together, I have been compelled to separate them; two are near this place and the third is between Lake Station and Newton.

Should the Vicksburg troops soon be exchanged and reorganized, I propose to put all the troops, except those at Enterprise and Meridian, west of Pearl River.

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. E. JOHNSTON,

General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A., ENGINEER BURFAU, Richmond, Va., August 13, 1863.

Captain L. P. GRANT,

Corps of Engineers, Atlanta, Ga.:

CAPTAIN: Under instructions from the honorable Secretary of War I have to request that you will proceed, at the earliest moment

