
but by daily reports of the army it will be necessary to have ammunition of small-arms of different calibers for 40,000 being 10,500 caliber .577; 3,600 caliber .58; 12,000 caliber .69; 2,000 caliber .54; 3,000 caliber .53; 900 caliber .70, and for cavalry arms as Sharps, Maynard, shot-gun, Hall, Smith, musketoon, &amp;c.

Artillery consists of twenty-one 12-pounder light guns, thirty-five 6-pounders, forty 12-pounder howitzers, two 20-pounder Parrotts, ten 3-inch iron rifle, ten 3.8 brass rifled, two 3,65 Wiards, and seven 10-pounder Parrotts.

This is taken from last report at Shelbyville and is not precise. I will send you correct report as soon as I can received the reports. We will have also two 24 rifle guns.

The balance of ammunition commanding general directs you may dispose of as you think best.

Very respectfully,&c.,

H. OLADOWSKI.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF TENNESSEE,No. 216. Chattanooga, Tenn., August 13, 1863.

* * * *

II. Major General T. C. Hindman having reported for duty, is hereby assigned to the command of Withers' division, and will report to Lieutenant-General Polk.

* * * *

X. Brigadier-General Deshler is relieved from the command of the artillery reserve, and will report to Lieutenant-General Hill for assignment to duty with the brigade lately commanded by

Brigadier-General Churchill.

* * * *

By command of General Bragg:

GEORGE WM. BRENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

KNOXVILLE, August 13, 1863.

General A. E. JACKSON,

Jonesborough:

Your information in reference to stampeders is too uncertain to justify me in stripping more important points on such an uncertainty. Let your scouts and cavalry trace the route of stampeders. If they move, direct your cavalry from Clinch Mountain to send news to cavalry beyond at Cumberland Gap. I have cavalry enough in that vicinity to head them off, if you will send couriers in advance to give advices of their movements. Send information also to General Preston. I cannot keep a battalion for you in every hamlet of your district, but if the cavalry you have do their duty, and you send information in advance to General Preston and the gap, such a party if it moves, can be intercepted. Keep me advised,and telegraph General Frazer at Cumberland Gap at same time if the party moves.

S. B. BUCKNER,

Major-General, Commanding.

