
General Lee has about 64,000 men, as from the best information I could get his whole army was not more than 85,000 before Longstreet left with his corps. Longstreet's corps is as strong as A. P. Hill's, if not stronger. Ewell's corps is the smallest of all three, and has only between 20,000 and 25,000 men. So taking Stuart's cavalry, which is hardly 10,000 strong [from the best information I could get he has not got that many], it will figure up 85,000, and now 21,000 off, so Lee has got about 64,000 men, and they are all stationed between Orange Court-House and Culpeper; but Ewell has to be watched, for he will slip off to Knoxville if Meade lets Lee alone.
Johnston has now at Meridian, Miss., Loring's division of about 8,000 men [infantry], and between Meridian and Vicksburg are Cosby's and Whitefield's cavalry brigades. Cosby has 1,800, Whitfield 2,200 and 1,000 of the cavalry which was there before they came-all of these commanded by Jackson.

Between Grenada and Panola are Chalmers and General George [of the State troops]. Chalmers has 1,500 and George 1,200. General Chalmers' headquarters is at Grenada.

At New Albany, Miss., General Ferguson has Boyles' [Alabama] regiment, Barteau's [Second Tennessee], and the Second Alabama, and about 1,000 of Richardson's Tennessee conscripts. Sol. Street and Captain White are there with the command of battalions. Major Inge has a large battalion at Tupelo, and Major Ham has a battalion 6 miles northeast of Lewistown. Major General S. D. Lee has the command of all the above-named cavalry in Johnston's department.

Brigadier-General Roddey has 2,700 men, and has his headquarters in Huntsville, Ala.

At Pollard, Ala., on the Florida line, is stationed Clanton's brigade. In the city of Mobile are parts of the Seventeenth and Twenty-ninth Alabama.

STATIONS ON THE MEMPHIS AND OHIO RAILROAD.

At Okolona, Miss., two batteries are stationed-Owens', of 6-pounders, and Buckner, of 2-pounders. The 2-pounders will work at a distance from 800 to 1,000 yards.

At Columbus, Miss., are also two batteries, Rice's and Thrall's, with 120 men, and a company of cavalry who are doing the conscripting business for Brigadier General Gideon J. Pillow, whose headquarters are at that place. They belong to the Fourth Mississippi Cavalry. This regiment is stationed at Kosciusko, Miss.

Columbus has been fortified with 20-odd miles of earth-works and ditches. It would take about 50,000 men to occupy these fortifications-a small number could not do any good. Engineer Low [?], who fortified the place, said "it was thought it may be of use to General Bragg in the future." The town is situated on the east side of Tombigbee River. The river is bridged with a very long bridge. Near the bridge is a small stockade, which can hardly keep 20 men in it- a dash of 100 cavalrymen can take it. The river can be forded at Main street, but this ford is fortified with ditches and earth-works. But there is a ford 3 miles below the town, which is not well fortified, and they could not stop the crossing of cavalry as well as in town. But the best place to cross the Tombigbee River is between Cotton Gin and Aberdeen, Miss. In Columbus can be found several millions of Government goods, as Major W. J. Anderson has there [at the arsenal building] one of the largest army clothing factories

