
of tools to each division, if you are not already so provided. The nature of the county through which you are to operate requires that special care be taken in this matter.

DANL. BUTTERFIELD,

Major-General, Chief of Staff.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND, Chattanooga, October 2, 1863. [Received 4th.]

Major General A. E. BURNSIDE,Via Louisville, Ky.:

We have reliable information that the rebel cavalry have not only gone into Tennessee, but up into Pikeville. We now need and want all the assistance you can give us to pursue, harass, and destroy them. Your prompt assistance is desired.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

CUMBERLAND GAP, October 2, 1863.

General BURNSIDE:

General Willcox, with his infantry force, is within 6 miles of the gap; the batteries are already at the gap. He desired me to inform you that he will be at the gap in the morning, and will look for orders from you. Major Wheeler, with five companies of the Fourth Ohio Cavalry, will probably arrive at the gap to-morrow morning.

E. R. GOODRICH,

Lieutenant-Colonel, &amp;c.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE TENNESSEE, Vicksburg, Miss., October 3, 1863.

Major General N. P. BANKS,Commanding Department of the Gulf:

GENERAL: I regret that recent events in Northern Georgia and consequent orders to me from headquarters of the army, prevent me entirely from keeping any portion of my promise to you in regard to furnishing you with any further aid. I am left in such a condition that I cannot even send a cavalry force, which I intended to clean out the country between the Mississippi River and the New Orleans and Jackson road as far south as Port Hudson.

The brigade which I ordered from West Tennessee never came, but in lieu of it General Hurlbut sent parts of three regiments, numbering about 1,000 men.

I have sent to Rosecrans' aid one entire army corps from here, and part of the Sixteenth from West Tennessee. This leaves me a force of little over 16,000 men of all arms to guard the whole country from Helena to your lines. I have in my immediate front four brigades of rebel cavalry that I know of, and some twenty or more pieces of artillery.

I assure you, general, this is no less of a disappointment to me that to you. I was anxious to give you the aid to make the expedition a certain success, but my orders from Washington were per-

