
stock must be obtained from every available source. Will it be possible for the engineers serving in your department to build a temporary bridge over the Pearl River at Jackson, and make such other repairs as will enable them to save the engines, cars, and a part of the rails from the Mississippi Central Road?

Major Meriwether, Captain Porter, and other engineers with your command, have had much experience as civil engineers, and can direct all the operations, if by your authority the requisite labor and material can be obtained. It is hoped slave labor can be obtained; if not, the work might be accomplished, possibly, by details from the troops.

Will you please to inform this bureau whether the branch railroad to Marion, Ala., known as the Cahaba, Marion and Greensborough road, is in any way important to the operations of the army under your command. If not, the want of railroad bars for repairing the main lines is so great, it is proposed to move the iron from the branch.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. F. GILMER,

Colonel of Engineers and Chief of Bureau.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. CAVALRY IN MISSISSIPPI,

Numbers 1. Jackson, Miss., August 18, 1863.

I. In compliance with General Orders, Numbers 12, headquarters Morton, Miss., August 16, 1863, the undersigned assumes command of all the Cavalry in the State of Mississippi.

II. In assuming so important a command, with so extensive a front, the major-general is aware of the difficulties and responsibilities attending his position, and asks and expects the full and cordial support of his subordinates, as to vigilance and activity. It is his intention to seek and never to avoid an opportunity of striking a blow against the enemy, and he feels confident that with his command he will meet with success.

III. Until further orders all reports as to the movements of the enemy and returns will be forwarded to General Johnston's headquarters as heretofore. The staff of the major-general will be announced at an early date.

S. D. LEE,

Major-General, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF TENNESSEE,Numbers 221. Chattanooga, Tenn., August 18, 1863.

XI. Surg. Daniel German is relieved from duty with the One hundred and fifty-fourth Senior Tennessee Regiment, and will report to Brigadier-General Roddey for assignment too duty.

By command of General Bragg:

GEORGE WM. BRENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

