HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF TENNESSEE,Chattanooga, Tenn., August 18, 1863.

Major-General WHEELER,

Commanding Cavalry Corps:

GENERAL: In reply to your communication of the 12th instant about the removal of negroes, &amp;c., from the Tennessee River, the general commanding desires that in case you have to fall back bring with you all the able-bodied negroes, who will be serviceable as teamsters. Cotton will be destroyed when in danger of falling into the hands of the enemy. Preserve the necessary evidence of all negroes taken and cotton destroyed, and forward it to these headquarters.

I am, general, very respectfully, &c.,

GEORGE WM. BRENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Tuscumbia, Ala., August 18, 1863.

Major-General WHEELER,

Headquarters, Gadsden, Ala.:

GENERAL: Scouts from all directions bring in satisfactory reports. Enemy from the surroundings of Corinth have all returned to their camp, having made no demonstration farther than Burnsville, Rienzi, and Ripley, except a small scout of 250, who got a short distance below Bay Springs, toward Fulton, and they made good their escape by suddenly changing their direction and going through the country without travelling any road.

Lieutenant Dickson, in command of scouting party of 30 men, succeeded in ambushing two separate parties of the Federals and stampeded them by firing on them. He killed 7, 4 of whom were officers. His fire was not returned by either of the parties.

P. D. RODDEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

RICHMOND, August 19, 1863.

Major General D. H. MAURY,

Mobile:

GENERAL: In reply to your communication of 1st instant, I am directed by the Adjutant and Inspector General to say to you that no troops can be spared from General Bragg's army at this time, and it is not foreseen when they can be spared.

Very respectfully, &c.,

H. L. CLAY,

Assistant Adjutant and Inspector General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, Va., August 19, 1863.

General J. E. JOHNSTON,

Commanding, &c., Morton, Miss.:

GENERAL: It has become, from the loss of Vicksburg and Port Hudson, essential that, if practicable, arrangements should be made,

