HEADQUARTERS,Morton, Miss., August 19, 1863.

Major-General BRECKINRIDGE,

Commanding:

GENERAL: Complaints have been made to this office of the exorbitant charges made by persons bringing vegetables, &amp;c., into camp. In order to correct this evil General Johnston recommends that you send out details from each regiment, with one or two wagons, into the country around where you may be enabled to purchase vegetables and luxuries for your troops at reasonable prices. If Provisions can be thus procured there will be no necessity for the purchase of them at excessive prices from these persons. With a little care the wagons can be spared for two or three days without injury to the service. The men may be absent three days on these expeditions.

By command of General Johnson:

B. S. EWELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF TENNESSEE,Numbers 222. Chattanooga, Tenn., August 19, 1863.

VI. Asst. Surg. V. G. Woodhouse is hereby ordered to report to Major-General Wheeler for assignment to duty.

By command of General Bragg:

GEORGE WM. BRENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST CAVALRY DIVISION,Kingston, Tenn., August 19, 1863.

Honorable JEFFERSON DAVIS,

President Confederate States of America:

I have the honor respectfully to inclose herewith copy of a communication addressed to General Cooper, Adjutant and Inspector General, and sent by a friend to General Bragg, to be forwarded through the proper channel to General Cooper.

Having understood that it was likely it would not be forwarded by the general commanding department, and believing the matter of sufficient importance to merit the consideration of your excellency, I have taken the liberty of sending a copy direct. If, however, General Bragg has forwarded the original duplicate, I shall regret troubling you with this. While I believe the general commanding is unwilling for me to leave his department, still I hope to be permitted to go where (as I believe) I can serve my country best, especially so as an experienced and competent officer, Brigadier-General Armstrong, would be left in command of my division.

I am, sir, with great respect, your most obedient servant,

N. B. FORREST,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

