
ment. Without knowing the enemy's position I can only recommend promptly uniting all the detachments and moving upon him. I heard of but one Northern party.

J. E. JOHNSTON.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY IN MISSISSIPPI,Canton, Miss., August 20, 1863.

Brigadier General J. R. CHALMERS,

Commanding Cavalry Brigade:

GENERAL: Unite your command with Ferguson and Whitfield, the senior commanding. Remain in presence of the enemy, attacking when prudent, impeding his progress or pursuing when practicable. I move from Canton tomorrow morning with 1,300 men of Jackson's to join you at Bankston's Mills, if practicable, at which point I propose uniting with you to move on the enemy. The enemy will no doubt move toward Columbus from Grenada. Communicate frequently with me by couriers. I assumed command of all the cavalry in Mississippi on the 17th instant. Unless the enemy is aggressive or his force warrants, it, I do not desire him attacked till the brigades are united.

Yours, respectfully,

S. D. LEE,

Major-General, Commanding.

Each brigadier receiving this order will communicate immediately to the others this order or a copy.

Brigadier-General Ruggles has been furnished with contents of this letter, and a copy of the order has been sent to each of the brigadier-generals.

S. D. LEE,

Major-General.

CANTON, August 20, 1863.

General RUGGLES:

The enemy entered Grenada Monday evening, burning most of the rolling-stock and about quarter of the city, Chalmers' forces evacuating. On Wednesday morning the enemy left, the party from Yazoo going to Memphis and the rest to La Grange. You had better order Ferguson back to his post. Will send a courier to him also. Our loss reported 2 killed, several wounded, and about 50 captured. General Hatch, Federal commander, is reported as killed.

S. D. LEE,

Major-General.

OKOLONA, August 20, 1863.

General RUGGLES:

Telegram of 19th received. Waiting here to prevent enemy passing by Houston or Pontotoc. Sixty passed Rocky Ford last night, from Oxford; reported pursued. No news yet of main body.

S. W. FERGUSON,

Brigadier-General.

