
in Wilkinson County, in the vicinity of Woodville, with the view of burning the cotton in that county. It has been represented to me that the citizens of that county are becoming well disposed to the Government of the United States, and of course they are very anxious to save their cotton. I think I could do something in the way of gathering up rebel cotton, and I might do some mischief to Logan, if I could make an expedition with about one brigade to Woodville, and hold the place a few days. To make this expedition I ought to have at least two boats, so that I could take the troops down to Fort Adams, where there is a gun-boat, and land them there and march out to Woodville from Fort Adams. I wish you would bring this matter to the attention of the general, and if there are not other matters of more importance on hand, obtain his approbation to my making the expedition, and send me the boats, or give me authority to take possession of the necessary transportation.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

M. M. CROCKER,

Brigadier-General.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Memphis, Tenn., October 3, 1863.

Brig. General C. L. MATTHIES,Commanding Third Brigade:

GENERAL: You will move your brigade with all possible dispatch by railroad, embarking at the Memphis and Charleston depot, to Glendale. Each man will be provided with two days' rations. Your acting commissary of subsistence will take surplus commissary stores. You will cause one company from each regiment to be detailed as guard, ready to repel any attack made by enemies. You will establish a camp, assume command of all the troops of this division arriving at that point, until further orders.

I am, very respectfully, &c.,

JOHN E. SMITH.

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

MEMPHIS, TENN., October 3, 1863. [Received 9 p.m., 7th.]

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

Arrived last night at Memphis from Vicksburg. My Second Division will be in to-day. The First Division is already at Corinth. John E. Smith's division, of McPherson's corps, will move out to Corinth to-day and to-morrow, and my Fourth Division is expected up in three days. Navigation of the Mississippi very precarious, from low water and scarcity of fuel. I will have four divisions, of about 17,000 men, at Corinth, and as far east as the Tennessee River, as soon as possible. It will not be safe to calculate sooner than ten days, at the quickest. General Hurlbut reports Joe Johnston as moving northward, along the Mobile and Ohio Railroad. My present intelligence is that General Rosecrans is still at Chattanooga.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

