
The gaps cannot be held without being strongly re-enforced. Am I expected to re-enforce them, or await an order for concentration with the main army? Please answer.

S. B. BUCKNER,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS BUCKNER'S CORPS,Knoxville, August 20, 1863.

Colonel PALMER,

Commanding Big Creek Gap:

COLONEL: In case of an emergency you will draw the regiment from Jacksborough to your support. If too hardly pushed before re-enforcements can be sent you, you will fall back to Cumberland Gap, and re-enforce General Frazer at that point. General Pegram's brigade has been ordered to Winter's Gap. Keep these headquarters advised of all movements of the enemy. It will be advisable to make provision to supply the position on the right of the road with water, and even send provisions up there, as you will then be able to hold out against overwhelming numbers.

I have the honor to remain, colonel, your obedient servant,

V. SHELIHA,

Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS BUCKNER'S CORPS,Knoxville, August 20, 1863.

Brigadier-General GRACIE,

Strawberry Plains:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs you to march with your brigade at once to this point. Make an early start so that the brigade can be here at latest by tomorrow night. There are sure indications of an immediate attack by the enemy in force.

I have the honor, general, to remain your obedient servant,

V. SHELIHA,

Chief of Staff.

MORTON, August 21, 1863.

General S. COOPER:

Major-General Lee reports that the two parts of the enemy, after uniting at Grenada, moved toward Memphis on afternoon 18th. They destroyed much of rolling-stock. Brigadier-General Chalmers was absent, which seems to have made his troops inefficient.

J. E. JOHNSTON.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS,Numbers 163. Morton, Miss., August 21, 1863.

III. Lieutenant-General Hardee and such members of his staff as he may designate will proceed to Demopolis, Ala, and there await further orders.

By command of General Johnston:

BENJ. S. EWELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

