
site side this morning, and probably captured a number of wagons and teams of Lieutenant-General Hill's corps. Two teamsters swam the river to this side, leaving their wagons and teams on the other. A citizen and negro by also crossed over stating that a small party of Federal infantry passed over Walden's Ridge this morning early, commanded by a lieutenant who said his party was the advance of a large force.

Details from my command have already marched to relieve those of Cheatham's division as follows: Brown's Ferry, one regiment, 300 men; Kelly's Ferry, 60 men; Running Water bridge, 60 men; Lookout bridge, 30 men.

Couriers accompanied each detachment to bring information. As you will have observed I have considerably increased all these guards, especially the one at Brown's Ferry, in view of the enemy's appearance on the farther side of the river. A detail to relieve the guard at Chattanooga bridge will march at daylight tomorrow morning unless otherwise ordered.

It is a small affair at best, but I submit that I ought not to guard a bridge less than 2 miles from corps headquarters and on the farther side of Lookout Mountain from my camps. I hope, therefore, to be notified to-night that this duty will not be required of me.

Attention is that my ordnance wagons are still at my old camp near Chattanooga, requiring a considerable number of men to guard them.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

T. C. HINDMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS POLK'S CORPS, ARMY OF TENNESSEE,Chattanooga, August 21, 1863.

General T. C. HINDMAN:

GENERAL: The lieutenant-general commanding directs me to forward to you the accompanying map of this vicinity. You will add Kelley's Ferry to the list of ferries to be guarded by you. He also desires that you will keep in contact with General Anderson and report to the lieutenant-general for his information anything of interest transpiring within the limits of your observation.

The enemy made their appearance this morning on the other side of the river. Supposed to be cavalry accompanied by artillery. They have been shelling the town at intervals during the day without material damage.

Respectfully, general, your obedient servant,

T. M. JACK,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS POLK'S CORPS, ARMY OF TENNESSEE,Chattanooga, August 21, 1863.

Brigadier-General ANDERSON,

Taylor's Store:

You will report to the lieutenant-general commanding the condition of things in your front. Have you Caperton's Ferry watched, and how? Also Cameron's, and how? Also Alley's and Garden-

