
hire's? Are you guarding Kelley's? Report the most feasible route by which to retire your command over the mountain via Trenton. You should keep your scouts and pickets sharply on the qui vive and report promptly. Your command is placed in observation simply, but not to retire until necessary. Answer. The enemy appeared on the other side of the river this morning, and have been shelling the town. Supposed to be cavalry, with artillery.

Very respectfully,

T. M. JACK,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

TAYLOR'S STORE, August 21, 1863.

Colonel T. M. JACK:

COLONEL: Everything is quiet in my immediate front. Large force of enemy's infantry is now crossing down Sweeden's Cove toward Jasper. I have reported daily by courier and telegraph everything transpiring around me. I have Gardenhire's, Alley's, and Cameron's Ferries guarded by infantry pickets. Caperton's Ferry is picketed by cavalry. Kelley's Ferry is guarded by General Deas, so I learn. Have just received orders from Colonel Brent to fall back to Chattanooga, choosing my own route. I will march by Nickajack and Whiteside's, on the Russell road.

PATTON ANDERSON,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS HINDMAN'S DIVISION,Wauhatchie Depot, August 21, 1863-5 p. m.

Lieutenant Colonel THOMAS M. JACK,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: I have just received information from Brown's Ferry that a column of infantry with artillery and a wagon train is moving on the opposite side toward that crossing. The strength of the force is not ascertained.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. C. HINDMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS POLK'S CORPS, ARMY OF TENNESSEE,Chattanooga, August 21, 1863-6.30 p. m.

Major-General HINDMAN:

GENERAL: General Anderson has been ordered to fall back to Chattanooga, marching by way of Nickajack and Whiteside's, on the Russell road. The enemy have thrown a pontoon bridge across the Tennessee River at the mouth of Battle Creek, and is reported in force on the north bank of the river at Alley's Ferry, planting artillery apparently preparatory to opening.

Most respectfully, general, your obedient servant,

T. M. JACK,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

