SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,No. 239. Memphis, Tenn., October 3, 1863.

*			*			*			*			*

IV. Brig. General John E. Smith will move his division with all possible dispatch by railroad to Glendale, there waiting orders from Major General W. T. Sherman, to whose force he will be attached. Captain J. V. Lewis, in charge of transportation, and Brig. General J. D. Webster will give every facility for this movement.

*			*			*			*			*

VII. Brig. General John E. Smith, commanding Seventh Division, Seventeenth Army Corps, will cause a brigade of his division to embark on cars to proceed as rapidly as possible to La Grange, Tenn., to report to Brigadier-General Sweeny.

By order of Major General S. A. Hurlbut:

HENRY BINMORE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. FOURTH BRIG., FIFTH DIV., 16TH ARMY CORPS, Memphis, Tenn., October 3, 1863.

Major JAMES O. PIERCE,A. A. G., Dist. of Memphis, Memphis, Tenn.:

MAJOR: About 2 p.m. on yesterday a force of about 25 guerrillas attacked a wood train just outside my pickets, capturing, as near as I can ascertain, 1 driver, 1 negro, and 4 mules. On being notified of the state of affairs I at once ordered two companies of the Twenty-first Missouri Infantry deployed as skirmishers, and moved forward to Nonconnah Creek. Meantime I sent officer of Second Iowa Cavalry for all his available force, which was sent me. This I ordered to dash forward on Horn Lake road, several miles beyond the creek, and scour the woods on their return, thereby hoping to get them [the enemy] between the two lines. The cavalry returned, reporting no enemy. The infantry reported that they arrived at the creek about an hour after the enemy had crossed, as they were informed by citizens. They saw abundant signs of horsemen being on this side the creek. The enemy left 1 mule, 1 saddle; also 1 shotgun.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. MOORE,

Colonel, Commanding Fourth Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS, La Grange, October 3, 1863.

Major General S. A. HURLBUT:

GENERAL: Telegraph wires cut in several places between Saulsbury and Corinth last night. Corinth train has not yet arrived at Saulsbury, and no communication had with Corinth this morning. Reports are in circulation that an attack is to be made at this or some point between here and Corinth. My force here is very weak; have only one battery, which consists of four guns which are not of much account.

Respectfully,T. W. SWEENY,

Brigadier-General.

