
[Indorsements.]
HEADQUARTERS CLEBURNE'S DIVISION,August 22, 1863-5.30 p. m.

[Colonel ANDERSON:]

COLONEL: The dispatch of which the above is copy has just been received. General Cleburne is absent, having ridden up the river.

I deemed it proper to furnish General Hill with a copy.

Very respectfully, your,

IRVING A. BUCK,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

General STEWART:

Please move the balance of Brown's brigade with a battery to the mouth of Chickamauga. Be ready to support Brown with Bate should firing begin in the night. The Yankees have been shelling a little a Harrison to-day. Please acknowledge this.

D. H. HILL,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS HILL'S CORPS,Tyner's, August 22, 1863-8.50 p. m.

Major-General STEWART,

Commanding:

GENERAL: The lieutenant-general commanding desires me to duplicate the order which he sent you just now to send the remainder of Brown's brigade with the battery attached at once to Sivley's Ford.

Please acknowledge receipt.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

ARCHER ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS CLAYTON'S BRIGADE,Birchwood, Tenn., August 22, 1863.

Major R. A. HATCHER,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

MAJOR: Your dispatch dated yesterday was not received until 12 o'clock to-day. I received notice from General Cleburne through Major Dixon, inspector-general, that I was temporarily under his command, and dispatched him early this morning; otherwise I would have sent it to you.

At 3.30 p. m. yesterday I received a dispatch from Colonel Lowrey, at Blythe's Ferry, that the enemy appeared on the opposite side at 1 o'clock, and requesting that I would hasten on. I had previously sent Colonel Lowrey word that I was coming. I subsequently received information that the enemy had left and that there was no necessity of hurrying. Learning that there was no drinking-water near the river, I halted my command at this place, and taking with me a section of artillery went to see Colonel Lowrey.

I have this morning made a careful inspection, and report the result, which you will be able to understand by consulting the accompanying map.* Blythe's Ferry is, in my opinion, perfectly secure;

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

