
the rifle-pits for about 600 men are very superior, and the bluff on this side high enough to command the opposite. Doughty's Ferry is not so secure, as the commanding hills are on the opposite side. The rifle-pits there will contain 100 for artillery nearer than half a mile of the river.

Our information from citizens is that the enemy who came to Blythe's Ferry were 500 cavalry and that there are 4,000 at Washington. The road by Harrison is the most direct, and is a good road to this place. The topography of this whole country is well suited for defense upon and near the river. Where the hills do not command the channel of the river they do command the level land immediately upon its bank. In no place have I seen the flat land so wide as this not to be the case. I am, then, decidedly of opinion that there is no danger in this immediate neighborhood. I think the danger is above the Hiwassee, where I learn we have no forces. If they cross the Tennessee above they cannot get to us without going to a ferry 4 miles up the Hiwassee. I need a company of cavalry to send across Hiwassee and to other points too distant for infantry. If the enemy intend crossing the river in force, it is to be presumed they have pontoon bridges. Wherever creeks enter the river from the opposite side, they being favorable to their construction, the place should be well watched. Colonel Lowrey thinks the ferries 4 and 7 miles below this place should be better guarded.

Respectfully, &amp;c., your obedient servant,

H. D. CLAYTON,

Brigadier-General.

I have just received following dispatch from Colonel Lowrey:

2.30 o'clock.

General CLAYTON:

SIR: The enemy have appeared on the opposite shore, in what force I cannot tell.

M. P. LOWREY,

Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS,Birchwood, August 22, 1863.

Colonel ARCHER ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Hill's Corps:

COLONEL: The dispatch from the lieutenant-general commanding, dated from Harrison to-day and directed to Colonel Lowrey or myself is received, 7 p. m. I reached this point last evening, and thought best to stop my brigade here, 3 miles from Blythe's Ferry and 3 from Doughty's. I then went on in person with one section of artillery to communicate with Colonel Lowrey at the ferry.

Early this morning I dispatched a courier to General Forrest. I have a company on picket beyond Hiwassee, which puts me in communication with Bell's Ferry. There are no bridges on Hiwassee below the railroad bridge at Calhoun. I will immediately establish a crossing with the flats and canoes which I have sent up from the river (Tennessee). I have made application to General Cleburne and to General Forrest for a cavalry company. I need one very much, as it is 4 miles beyond Hiwassee to Bell's Landing and 10 or 12 to the ferry at Washington, the points from which I apprehend danger. I

