
The above information was received by the officer at Running Water bridge at 8.30 this evening.

Respectfully, colonel, your obedient servant,

T. C. HINDMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS STEWART'S DIVISION,August 22, 1863-8 p. m.

Brigadier-General BROWN:

GENERAL: Information received indicates that an attempt may be made to cross the river at mouth of the Chickamauga, possibly tonight. You will move immediately with the balance of your brigade and the Eufaula Battery (rifled), which will be ordered to report to you at that point. Send a courier back with information on your arrival there.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ALEX. P. STEWART,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS STEWART'S DIVISION,August 22, 1863-8 p. m.

General BATE:

Orders have been sent to General Brown to move immediately, with the Eufaula Battery, to the mouth of the Chickamauga, where it is thought the enemy may attempt to cross. You will hold yourself in readiness to move immediately to his support, should firing begin in the night. I send the rifled battery with Brown, as most effective. Dawson's battery will be ordered to report to you, and will accompany you, obedient servant,

ALEX. P. STEWART,

Major-General.

CAMP AT HARRISON, TENN.,

August 22, 1863.

Major General A. P. STEWART:

SIR: I herewith respectfully submit the following as my report of my expedition operating across the river and mountains in the valley of Sequatchie, to wit:

In obedience to orders I proceeded across the Tennessee River and Mountains with my scouts; dispersed and captured and turned over to the proper authorities a number of bushwhackers, tories, and robbers, capturing some horses and saddles; assisted loyal citizens in getting through the Federal lines a lot of stock; also Confederate agents in getting across the river a lot of wheat, and was thus operating until ordered in by Colonel Brent, General Bragg's adjutant-general, in obedience to which order I sent on ahead that portion of my scouts which was on foot, using those which I had mounted for the purpose of watching the movements of the Federals, who were

