
manding general to move with his brigade by rail and report to Brigadier-General Liddell at Chattanooga. The lieutenant-general observes what you say respecting report of General Anderson, as to the enemy's throwing pontoon bridge over Battle Creek. The information received at these headquarters, and imparted to you, was derived from army headquarters. A few shot and shell from the enemy last evening. All quiet this morning.

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. M. JACK,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS POLK'S CORPS,Chattanooga, August 23, 1863.

Major-General CHEATHAM:

GENERAL: Colonel Donnell, of the Sixteenth Tennessee Regiment, has just reported with his regiment for instructions, and has been ordered to picket the bank of the river from the mouth of the little stream at the north end of the island up to the mouth of Chickamauga Creek, making his reports directly to you. The lieutenant-general desires that you make your line of pickets continuous from the point on which Colonel Donnell's left rests (namely, north end of the island) to the mouth of Chattanooga Creek, using General Jackson's brigade if you think proper.

Respectfully, general, your obedient servant,

T. M. JACK,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SIVLEY'S FORD, August 23, 1863-3 a. m.

Major-General STEWART,

Near Tyner's Station:

GENERAL: I have posted pickets; placed two pieces of artillery in position, and the remainder of my command is comfortably sleeping. Everything is perfectly quiet here. The enemy has not been seen or heard from opposite this point to-day. he was seen this evening opposite Shoemaker's, 2 1/2 miles above here, in small force. Colonel Butler informs me that he has a cavalry picket at that point. If a passage is attempted here, infantry will be of but little service against artillery on the opposite heights unless rifle-pits are constructed. Can you send me an engineer this morning so that I may go to work at once? I should be glad to see you here this morning if other duties will permit.

I am, general, truly, your obedient servant,

J. C. BROWN,

Brigadier-General.

[Indorsements.]
HEADQUARTERS STEWART'S DIVISION,August 23, 1863.

Can General Hill send an engineer out to General Brown?

ALEX. P. STEWART,

Major-General.

