
Respectfully returned.

The only engineer we have has gone to Blythe's Ferry, though General Hill could get one by telegraphing to Captain Presstman.

General Hill has just gone over to Sivley's Ford.

ARCHER ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS,Numbers 64. Gadsden, Ala., August 23, 1863.

I. Major William E. Hill, commanding Elite Battalion, will proceed at once with his command by the shortest and most practicable route to Center, Ala., at or near which place he will encamp his command. By order of Major General Joseph Wheeler:

E. S. BURFORD,

Major, Assistant Adjutant-General.

RICHMOND, August 23, 1863.

General S. B. BUCKNER,

Knoxville, Tenn.:

General S. Jones, to whom your dispatch for aid was sent, reports he cannot re-enforce you without moving troops from Saltville, which he does not think it would be prudent to do.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

KNOXVILLE, August 23, 1863.

General MACKALL,

Chief of Staff, Chattanooga:

Use old key. My latest information though not positive is credited and is as follows: Burnside's main column will move by Jamestown. It is expected to co-operate with Rosecrans' left. His cavalry will probably cross the mountains to the railroad above here. Rosecrans designs to cross the Tennessee above the Hiwassee. Burnside's strength is exaggerated by report to 50,000. It is heavy. Alone I can do little against him. By co-operating with you we may effect something against Rosecrans before junction of their armies. I will endeavor to hold my troops in position to do this, and if facts develop as I now believe I will constitute the right of your army. I hope to have by tomorrow night about 8,000 in hand.

S. B. BUCKNER,

Major-General.

MORTON, August 24, 1863.

General S. COOPER,

Richmond:

I am sending General Bragg 9,000 infantry and artillery. The first detachment moved last night. Eight thousand seven hundred besides cavalry are left to protect against raids and garrison Mobile.

J. E. JOHNSTON.

