
Cavalry, Major Bowen commanding, at Senatobia, 182 men. All my regular cavalry (Second Missouri, Second Arkansas, and Seventh Regiment, and Willis' Texas battalion) near Panola, 692 men; Third Regiment Mississippi State Cavalry, Colonel McGuirk, scattered in detachments between Panola and Grenada, arresting conscripts, deserters, &amp;c., 200 men; First Regiment Mississippi Partisans, Colonel W. C. Falkner, in Pontotoc County, moving toward Grenada to arrest deserters, &c., 240 men; Sixth Battalion Mississippi State Cavalry, Captain A. H. Forrest, near Carrollton, 150 men.

The term of service of the Second Regiment and sixth Battalion State Cavalry was about to expire, and before the movement of the enemy began the greater part of both commands had been disbanded, leaving only 61 men in the former and one company of not more than 40 men in the latter. There are, however, some new companies recruiting near Carrollton which were ordered to act as scouts; their numbers are not accurately known.

I learn from Colonel Slemons, Second Arkansas Regiment, who was in command during my absence, that when he reached Grenada on his retreat from Panola he had but little more than 700 men with him. This was composed of the Second Missouri and Seventh Tennessee Regiments and Willis' (Texas) battalion, the Second Arkansas Regiment, reduced by desertion to 42 men, and a portion of the Third Regiment Mississippi State Cavalry, the remainder, under Major Kilgore, having been cut off by the advance of the enemy.

The First Regiment Mississippi Partisans failed to receive the order to move to this place until after it was evacuated, although it was sent to them on the 14th. The Second Regiment State Cavalry and the Sixth Battalion State Cavalry, both of which were in process of reorganization, made no effort to reach this place as far as I am informed.

Major Chalmers, who was stationed at Wyatt with two companies of his battalion, to guard the crossing of the Tallahatchie at that point, finding that the column of the enemy which crossed at Rocky Ford had reached Oxford and was about to cut off his retreat, fell back by way of Panola to this place, and had arrived within 1 mile of it, when he found that the enemy were in possession of it and was compelled to retire. The three companies of his battalion which were on picket have not been heard from, and it is not known whether they have made any attempt to rejoin their command.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. R. CHALMERS,

Brigadier-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FIFTH MILITARY DISTRICT,DEPT. OF MISS. AND EAST LA.

Numbers 128.

I. Colonel J. McGuirk will return with his command to this place. He will bring with him any newly organized companies which may desire to join his regiment.

By order of Brigadier-General Chalmers:

W. A. GOODMAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

