
approval. I sent Colonel Hill with the infantry of his brigade (Polk's) to the point where Major Abercrombie was (Thatcher's Ferry, I believe). I will leave this morning for Blythe's Ferry myself. I will put Wood in command here. I have sent Captain Phillips to make a thorough examination of river between here and mouth of Chickamauga, with orders to report results to you. I may cross Hiwassee and visit Bell's Ferry and above.

Respectfully,

P. R. CLEBURNE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS CLAYTON'S BRIGADE,Birchwood, August 24, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel ARCHER ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: I am just in receipt of dispatches, copies* of which I send. I think the Federals in the neighborhood of Smith's Cross-Roads may be safely put down at 1,200 and if they attempt to cross it will be at Bell's alias Gibbons' Ferry.

I am taking steps to have a good bridge at Bunker Hill across Hiwassee.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. D. CLAYTON,

Brigadier-General.

P. S._The captain of the steamer Holston, which I had detained here for two days, left for Knoxville late last evening without my consent. I directed Colonel Lowrey to send a company down aboard of it for guard, but it had left and I fear is captured. So soon as I heard it I sent a dispatch to General Armstrong.

Respectfully,

H. D. C.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS,Numbers 65. Gadsden, Ala., August 24, 1863.

I. Major O. P. Chaffie, chief quartermaster, is authorized to impress 45 horses for the use of the artillery of this corps.

II. Major O. P. Chaffie will be governed strictly by the provisions of the impressment acts in making the impressment above ordered.

III. Colonel J. H. Holman, on scouting duty in Tennessee, will order all men belonging to the Fourth Alabama Cavalry now serving with him to rejoin their commands with the least possible delay.

IV. General P. D. Roddey, commanding cavalry brigade, will extend his picket-line as far up the Tennessee River as, and to include, the ferry at Whitesburg, Ala.

V. General John A. Wharton, commanding cavalry division., will extend his picket-line so as to picket on the Tennessee River as Roddey's picket-line at that place.

By order of Major General Joseph Wheeler:

E. S. BURFORD,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

35 R R-VOI XXX, PT IV

