
KNOXVILLE, August 24, 1863.
General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General:

I reported two days ago the general condition of affairs here and the disposition I was making. Is it not possible to re-enforce me?

S. B. BUCKNER,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS BUCKNER'S CORPS,Knoxville, August 24, 1863.

Brigadier-General PEGRAM,

In the Field:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs me to inform you that the main body of the troops is being concentrated at Loudon. You will please co-operate with General Forrest, support him if necessary in a fight, but keep communication with Colonel Scott, now at Lee's Ferry. The impression is that General Rosecrans will wait at Smith's Cross-roads for Burnside to come up before striking the decisive blow, and it would be difficult to give you any definite instructions as regards your plan off operations; guard the road to Wartburg, co-operate with General Forrest, keep in communication with Colonel Scott, and keep these headquarters fully advised of the movements of the enemy. Steps have been taken to re-enforce you speedily as circumstances will admit by Colonel Hodge's command of 900 mounted men. You will then have command of the whole cavalry division. I shall leave for Loudon tomorrow or the day after. Major Clay will, for the present, remain here.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

V. SHELIHA,

Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS BUCKNER'S CORPS,Knoxville, August 24, 1863.

Brigadier-General GRACIE,

In the Field:

GENERAL: You will move at once with the whole command concentrated at Turkey Creek (Colonel Palmer's regiment and Colonel Moore's Georgia regiment) to Loudon, where you will confer with Brigadier-General Johnson, who, by the time of your arrival at Loudon, will have received orders from General Bragg to move his command to some other point.

It will be well to leave one battery, with sufficient infantry support, in the works constructed this side of the river. You are expected to reach the point of your destination to-night.

I have the honor, general, to be your obedient servant,

V. SHELIHA,

Chief of Staff.

