HEADQUARTERS BUCKNER'S CORPS,Knoxville, August 24, 1863.

Brigadier-General FORREST,

Commanding Cavalry Division, Kingston:

GENERAL: The undersigned has the honor to inform you that the main body of this corps is being concentrated at Loudon. Communications will reach the major-general commanding at that point. Brigadier-General Pegram informs these headquarters that his command has been ordered by you to Winter's Gap. He has been ordered to co-operate with you, and you may please call on him for whatever co-operation you desire. Colonel Scott's command is at Lee's Ferry. General Pegram will keep in communication with him. There is hardly any doubt of the enemy's advancing in force on the Jamestown road. The two columns will in all probability try to effect a junction or advance at least equally far before striking a decisive blow.

Please order Mr. Ellsworth, telegraph operator, to report to General Buckner, provided you do not require his services for the present.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

V. SHELIHA,

Chief of Staff.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS,Numbers 167. Morton, Miss., August 25, 1863.

The division of Major-General Breckinridge will proceed without delay to Chattanooga, Tenn., for temporary service, and report to General Bragg. The chief quartermaster will provide the necessary transportation by railroad. No field transportation will be carried.

V. Major Jones, Fifty-eighth Alabama Regiment, is hereby assigned to the command of the post at Morton, Miss.

By command of General Johnston:

BENJ. S. EWELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

OFFICE CHIEF OF SUBSISTENCE, ARMY OF TENNESSEE,

Chattanooga, August 25, 1863.

General BRAXTON BRAGG,

Commanding Army of Tennessee:

GENERAL: I submit as briefly as possible the present supply of this army, and the resources upon which it has to depend for future subsistence.

I have three depots subject to the order of this office, containing all the subsistence of the army, except as drawn for upon Majors Cummings and Wilson. After supplying the army to August 31, inclusive, I shall have on hand in bacon, salt beef, and lard, 900,000 rations; fresh beef, none; breadstuffs, 1,100,000 rations; rice and

