
are about to repair the railroad, it will be necessary for the advance division of General Sherman's corps to furnish guard and escort for the working parties.

S. A. HURLBUT,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Memphis, Tenn., October 3, 1863.

Brig. General E. A. CARR,Corinth, Miss.:

Sherman has come up. Smith's division will go with him, and is under orders to proceed to Glendale. You can re-enforce Sweeny at La Grange, as you judge best, without reference to Smith's force.

I shall have to give Sherman another battery and a good one.

S. A. HURLBUT,

Major-General.
HDQRS. LEFT WING, SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Corinth, Miss., October 3, 1863.

Major-General HURLBUT,Memphis:

Two regiments and a battery will leave for La Grange at 11 o'clock. This leaves at this place two regiments of infantry and one and a half of colored troops. General Osterhaus lends me two regiments to keep up the chain of sentinels around this place. General Webster asks me to furnish guard for railroad repairs. It will require a brigade to take and hold the crossing of the Big Bear, 32 miles from here, in order to repair bridge; where must it come from?

Railroad is now in running order, and rebels are using it from Tuscumbia to Decatur. They will destroy it as we advance, unless prevented. From Glendale to Tuscumbia all trestle and bridges are destroyed as far as possible. The railroad office must have records describing them. Guerrillas burned small replace Miller's regiment at Chewalla by the Seventh Illinois, and see if they can do better.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. A. CARR,

Brigadier-General.

Telegraph line down west of Pocahontas, so I send by railroad.

WASHINGTON, October 3, 1863-11 a.m.

Lieutenant ColonelJ. H. WILSON,

Cairo, Ill.:

Telegraph in general terms disposition of General Grant's forces. Convey as soon as possible to General Grant the following: It is the wish of the Secretary of War that as soon as General Grant is able to take the field, he will come to Cairo and report by telegraph.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

