
all told on hand, and my shipments to Richmond average over 50,000 pounds per day, and my orders from Richmond are to ship all bacon on hand as rapidly as possible. In addition to my shipments to Richmond, I am making daily shipments to other points; therefore I estimate that within twenty days, thirty at the outside, from this time I will be entirely out of bacon.

These are alarming truths and should be well looked to by those in authority. I have been and am still doing all I can, but feel that I have done about all I can do, and being restricted by orders and circumscribed in territory, I feel I cannot meet expectations, and have therefore determined to tender my resignation, but until accepted I will continue to do all I can.

In regard to breadstuffs I have no fears. I can and will supply you, at least for some time to come, unless I am peremptorily ordered to ship to Richmond. Only a few days since I received an order from the Commissary-General of Subsistence directing me to ship as quietly and rapidly as possible all the wheat I had on hand or could accumulate to Richmond, over and above the absolute wants of the armies that were dependent upon me. I answered I could barely supply the requisitions of flour for the armies in my immediate neighborhood, therefore could not make shipments to Richmond unless specially ordered.

In regard to beef-cattle, I have ordered every thing I have in West Georgia driven in to you at once, which is being done as rapidly as possible. In Southwest Georgia I have a good many beeves, but for the want of transportation they are being brought out very slow. My agents in Southwest Georgia I have a good many beeves, but for the want of transportation they are being brought out very slow. My agents in Southwest Georgia report that the principal part of the transportation is being taken for the use of the army of Virginia in Transporting corn, therefore I conclude that the prospect for feeding the Army of Tennessee is quite gloomy. My agents in Florida write me that there is an abundance of cattle there, but the people are indisposed to sell them for our currency and drivers cannot be had.

I this morning had a long interview with His Excellency Governor Joseph Brown, and frankly stated to him the condition of the commissariat, and the difficulty I had to labor under for drivers, &amp;c., and did hope he would turn over to me 50 or 100 men from his State organizations for the purpose of driving cattle. My statement appeared to alarm him very much, and he at once telegraphed the President, A copy of his dispatch I herein inclose you, from which you will see there is not much to be expected from the Georgia State troops.

I have no hesitancy in saying-from the reports made to me-that a great many cattle can be had in Florida by energy and a proper organization. The Commissary-General has authorized me to get them, but I can do nothing without men and assistance. I regret to have to make so gloomy a report, but the facts are as stated, and I thought it proper that you and the commanding general should be well advised of the condition of affairs, and that you may be advised in advance. I must say I cannot supply you with meat for exceeding thirty days from to-day unless assistance is furnished me, and that promptly.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. F. CUMMINGS,

Major and Commissary of Subsistence.

