SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS,Numbers 66. Gadsden, Ala., August 25, 1863.

I. Lieutenant F. P. Langston, commanding detachment of Morgan's division, will turn over all the men of his command to Lieutenant White, Tenth Kentucky Cavalry, except 20 men, 12 of whom are to be with arms.

II. Lieutenant White will proceed with the men of Morgan's division placed under his command to Morristown, Tenn., and report to Colonel A. R. Johnson, commanding Morgan's division.

III. Lieutenant F. P. Langston, with the 20 men under his command, will report to captain Mason, commanding post, for duty.

IV. Private M. O. Brooks, Company G, Eleventh Tennessee Regiment, ordered to report to these headquarters for temporary duty by Paragraph VI, Special Orders, Numbers 215, headquarters Army of Tennessee, dated Chattanooga, August 12, 1863, will report back to his command without delay.

V. Dr. B. F. Cross, having reported to these headquarters, is assigned to duty with Seventh Alabama Regiment Cavalry, in obedience with Paragraph VI, Special Orders, Numbers 15, headquarters Army of Tennessee, dated Tullahoma, Tenn., June 6, 1863, and will report to Colonel J. C. Malone, commanding regiment, for duty.

By order of Major-General Wheeler:

E. S. BURFORD,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

KNOXVILLE, August 25, 1863.

Captain R. W. WOOLEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Richmond, Va.:

Burnside advancing via Jamestown; Rosecrans near Smith's Cross-Roads; our cavalry guarding the gaps; Cumberland Gap to be held by Frayer at all hazards; Preston and part of his command at Loudon, where the corps is being concentrated; Rosecrans waiting for Burnside to come up. If we could cross the river and strike a blow now we could whip them separately. Hodge ordered down; troops in fine spirits.

V. SHELIHA,

Chief of Staff.

KNOXVILLE, August 25, 1863.

General MACKALL,

Chief of Staff, Chattanooga:

I met Tom this morning; he will see you to-night. An intelligent and reliable spy is just in; his report is as follows:

Several thousand cavalry have gone from Columbia, Ky., to Sparta. Eight thousand infantry, 4,000 cavalry, and two batteries should reach Jamestown to-morrow under Generals Wright and Wolford-two 24 pounders with them. Main column under Burnside, I suppose 20,000, advancing on Big Creek Gap. Five hundred wagons with Wright, who has Vicksburg troops. The rest, part raw and part old soldiers, and officers speak of Knoxville as destination.

The above, making some allowance for popular exaggeration and surmise, may be deemed reliable. All speak of it as a move concerted with Rosecrans.

S. B. BUCKNER,

Major-General.

