
MORTON, MISS.,

August 26, 1863.

Brigadier-General JACKSON,

Canton:

Send all the cavalry that you can. Send me most accurate information that I may decide about sending infantry.

J. E. JOHNSTON.

MORTON, August 26, 1863.

Brigadier-General RUGGLES,

Columbus:

Major General S. D. Lee was assigned by orders of War Department to the command of all cavalry in Mississippi, and consequently his command embraces your cavalry, of which you still have such control as is not incompatible with the above orders.

By command of General Johnston:

B. S. EWELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MORTON, August 26, 1863.

Brigadier-General FEATHERSTON,

Newton Station:

Keep a brigade in readiness to move in this direction. Your men must be provided with 70 or 80 rounds of ammunition.

J. E. JOHNSTON.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF TENNESSEE,

Numbers 171. Chattanooga, Tenn., August 26, 1863.

I. The following allowance of field transportation is adopted and published for this army:

For army corps: Corps headquarters, four 6-horse wagons; chief of artillery, one 4-horse wagon; chief of ordnance, one 2-horse wagon; provost-marshal and corps judge-advocate, one 4-horse wagon; military court, one 4-horse and one 2-horse wagon; signal corps, one 4-horse wagon; engineers, one 4-horse wagon; commissary, one 4-horse wagon; quartermaster, one 2-horse wagon; escort, two 4-horse wagons; corps ordnance shop and tools, one 4-horse wagon; medical director and inspector, one 4-horse wagon, and one 2 horse wagon or ambulance.

For divisions: Division headquarters, three 4-horse wagons; medical officer, one 4-horse wagon; quartermaster and commissary, one 4-horse wagon; couriers, one 4-horse wagon.

For brigades: Brigade headquarters, one 4-horse wagon; quartermaster and commissary, one 4-horse wagon; medical officer, one 2-horse wagon; for guns for brigade, one 4-horse wagon; every 15,000 rounds ammunition, 60 rounds to the man, one 4-horse wagon; baggage, each battery, one 4-horse wagon; forage, each battery, two 4-horse wagons; to every 300 men, each battery, surgeon, one 2-horse wagon or ambulance.

