
CAIRO, ILL., October 3, 1863-5 p.m.[Received 10.20 p.m.]

ColonelJ. C. KELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

On September 22 J. E. Smith's division of the Seventeenth Corps, then at Helena, was ordered to proceed to the Department of the Cumberland, reporting at Memphis for instructions and the route by which they should march, and is now at Memphis, and moves at once to Corinth. On the 23rd, Osterhaus, of the Fifteenth Corps, received the same order, and is now at Corinth. The balance of the Fifteenth Corps, under Sherman, with exception of one division to replace Smith's in the Seventeenth, follows as soon as transportation could be obtained. Transportation had arrived, and was arriving on the 25th. General Hurlbut was ordered on the 22nd to send one division at least, and two if possible, on the supposition that they might have to move through Kentucky. But in case the movement was via Corinth, his instructions were to move his entire corps, leaving the places vacated to be filled up, as far as necessary, by troops from elsewhere, Sherman to command the whole force. General Hurlbut has not, however, made any material alteration in his position. A. J. Smith is still at Columbus; his troops at Paducah, Union City, Columbus, and Fort Pillow. Veatch's division is at Lebanon and vicinity; Carr at Corinth and on the railroad; Seventeenth Corps at Vicksburg and Natchez.

J. H. WILSON,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Inspector-General.

CAIRO, ILL., October 3, 1863. [Received 2.50 p.m.]

ColonelJ. C. KELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

General Grant directed me to say that the special messengers between Memphis and Cairo having been discontinued, great delays have arisen in transmitting important dispatches. He suggests that hereafter the operators here be notified when matters of great interest are involved, so that the post commander can send an officer with the dispatches. Have just mailed a letter of General Grant's, explaining the disposition of troops under the recent orders of Major-General Halleck, and inclosing copies of orders.

J. H. WILSON,

Lieutenant-Colonel.

WASHINGTON, D. C., October 3, 1863-1 p.m.

Major-General POPE,

Milwaukee:

Report where the regiments sent to Saint Louis now are; also their progress from time to time.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

