
tinued in its former limits so far as the administrative duties of the command are regarded. In strategic operations it will be subordinate to and a part of the Department of Tennessee.

By command of the Secretary of War:

JNumbers WITHERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS BUCKNER'S CORPS,Loudon, August 28, 1863.

Brigadier-General FORREST,

Commanding Cavalry Brigade:

GENERAL: The following instructions have been issued to Brigadier-General Pegram, commanding cavalry brigade, viz: The major-general commanding directs you to move with your command to Walker's Ford or vicinity, to give Colonel Scott, now at Campbell's Station, the necessary directions for guarding our right flank, and to have in view the possibility of concentrating your and Colonel Scott's brigades in the shortest time possible. You will continue to co-operate with General Forrest.

The re-enforcements of which I spoke to you in my last dispatch have not yet arrived. There is no possibility of our leaving here till tomorrow evening, and it will then probably be no longer practicable to cross Clinch River, but must oppose the enemy on this side. Shall keep you advised of any movement.

I have the honor, general, to remain, your obedient servant,

V. SHELIHA,

Chief of Staff.

MADISONVILLE, LA., August 29, 1863.

Lieutenant-General HARDEE:

DEAR SIR: I have been here four weeks, and see runners from New Orleans daily. General Banks is evidently making extensive preparations for an assault on Mobile via Pascagoula. I believe he is massing troops on Ship Island, but he will send a large cavalry force to Baton Rouge, and pass that force along the lake shore to Mobile or to Pascagoula, and drive all the cattle before them. They can gather 20,000 head without trouble. My object in writing is to draw your attention to these cattle. Your own contractors cannot buy them-the owners will not take Confederate money. Nothing but a cavalry force can do the work. Lieutenant L. S. Greenlee, the bearer of this note, is an energetic officer, and has been on duty here for some time, and will give you full particulars. I refer you to Brigadier-Generals Gregg and Maxey as to my reliability and judgment in making these statements to you.

I have the honor to be, respectfully, yours,

S. McGINNIS.

P. S.-General Weitzel will command the cavalry.

[Indorsements.]

Forwarded by General Hardee for information of General Lee.

