
The night has brought us no news. Wharton's division of cavalry has been ordered to your front. This is really the only division of Wheeler fit for the field. If you have any influence in Richmond, beg for arms.

Yours, respectfully,

W. W. MACKALL.
HEADQUARTERS POLK'S CORPS,Chattanooga, August 29, 1863.

Major General T. C. HINDMAN:

GENERAL: The lieutenant-general commanding directs that you move with your command with as little delay as practicable to the lower bridge over the Chattanooga [Chickamauga] near the headquarter of Lieutenant-General Hill, and take position there.

Respectfully, general, your obedient servant,

T. M. JACK,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. RESERVE DIVISION,

RIGHT WING, ARMY OF MISSISSIPPI,

No. 61. Camp near Harrison, Tenn., August 29, 1863.

I. The division will take up the line of march in the morning. The batteries will move at least an hour before the infantry, and will be under the direction of Captain F. H. Robertson. The infantry will move right in front, brigade in order of numbers, at 6 a. m., on the 30th of August. Each brigade will be followed by its wagon train, the ammunition-wagons being nearest the troops.

II. No gun will be fired on the march, and all officers are required and ordered to arrest any offenders; and inspectors-general are specially charged with the enforcement of this order.

III. Officers will be required to keep in their proper places on the march, and will be held responsible for any straggling in their command.

IV. The regular muster will take place on the 31st instant, and no officer will be designated to muster his own command.

By command of Major-General Withers:

D. E. HUGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

TRENTON, August 29, 1863-1 p. m.

General WHEELER:

GENERAL: Enemy crossed the Tennessee River 10 miles below Bridgeport this morning, by fording, in a large cavalry force. We are gradually falling back on Trenton. We have fallen back 1 mile since last skirmish.

W. N. ESTES,

Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

