
to the aid of East Tennessee. The local-defense men of Georgia and Alabama might co-operate. It would be well to make inquiry as to events. I will go into the country this morning, but will return early in the afternoon. Please confer with General Lee.

Yours, truly &amp;c.,

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

[Inclosure.]

JONESBOROUGH, August 29, 1863.

President DAVIS:

The Federal have taken Knoxville. By this time East Tennessee is sundered. Bragg's army is separated from upper East Tennessee. From Knoxville up to Abingdon, Va., is held by a very small force. If from five to eight regiments could be sent to co-operate with General Buckner, he could protect upper East Tennessee with all its iron, niter, salt, and lead interests. All the rolling-stock of the East Tennessee and Virginia road is idle at Briston, and might be used if a brigade or so could be sent there. Can it be done? I earnestly urge it.

LANDON C. HAYNES,

C. S. Congress.

Approved by General Jackson.

[Indorsement.]

I have no other intelligence of this and hope it is exaggerated.

What is to be or can be done? The Adjutant-General may have other dispatches.

J. D.

CHATTANOOGA, August 30, 1863.

(Received 31st.)

General COOPER:

The enemy's forces are apparently moving for a union or within supporting distance on the other side of the river. Against this, we cannot possibly hold our long line from Virginia to Georgia. We shall accordingly concentrate as far as necessary in front of our supplies. Traitors have already broken the railroad and telegraph beyond Knoxville. Have sent paroled prisoners to Atlanta. Arms for them should be sent there by eastern route.

BRAXTON BRAGG,

General.
HEADQUARTERS POLK'S CORPS,Chattanooga, August 30, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel GEORGE W. BRENT:

COLONEL: I am just in receipt of your note advising me of the approach of the enemy's cavalry within 5 miles of the junction of the Trenton and Bridgeport roads, and suggesting the withdrawal of my guards and pickets to the intersection of those roads. In reply I have to state that I have not nor have I ever had any troops beyond Lookout Creek. I have one regiment on the other side of the mountain and a line of pickets from Wauhatchie to the river,

