
and thence up the river to Chattanooga. Any troops which may be beyond Lookout Creek are reporting directly to army headquarters, and are not under my control.

Most respectfully, colonel, your obedient servant,

L. POLK,

Lieutenant-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS POLK'S CORPS,Chattanooga, August 30, 1863.

Major-General CHEATHAM:

GENERAL: The lieutenant-general commanding directs that your order Smith's brigade to take position this side of the mountain for picket purposes. It should be so posted as to guard the approaches to Chattanooga on both sides of the mountain, the object being to guard these roads and guard against surprise. It is desirable that the brigade move out at once. Let the battery accompany the brigade.

Respectfully, general, your obedient servant,

T. M. JACK,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS,No. 67. Gadsden, Ala., August 30, 1863.

I. Captain A. D. Burnett, commanding company First Alabama Cavalry, temporarily detached on special duty, will report back to his regiment without delay.

II. General Will T. Martin, commanding cavalry division, will proceed with that portion of his command now with him to Round Mountain, Ala., and there await further orders.

By order of Major-General Wheeler:

E. S. BURFORD,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

LOUDON, August 30, 1863.

General MACKALL,

Chief of Staff Chattanooga:

Shall I burn bridges here or not? Shall I do same with steamers or send them down river to Hiwassee? Assure me of authenticity of the order sending me to the Hiwassee by sending a word or two of your reply to this in cipher.

S. B. BUCKNER,

Major-General.

LOUDON, August 30, 1863-9.30 p. m.

General MACKALL,

Chief of Staff:

Dispatch about steamers received; Clayton's brigade returned by rail to Charleston; others will probably get off to-night with part of my stores. Part of infantry marches to meet returning trains. The movements shall be expeditious as possible. Will take all my stores.

S. B. BUCKNER,

Major-General.

