
INDIANAPOLIS, IND., October 3, 1863. [Received 6.35 p.m.]

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

I did not mean my recent dispatch to be in the least disrespectful to you or Governor Morton. My design was to say in short telegraph way that I wish to go to duty in the field-not on the stump. I have the utmost respect for yourself and Governor Morton. The telegram to make speeches was sent to you by the governor, after consultation with my friends, but without consultation with me. The request to go to Chattanooga was made through his department at my

instance.

LEW. WALLACE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND, Chattanooga, October 3, 1863-1 p.m. [Received 1.05 a.m., 4th.]

ABRAHAM LINCOLN,President of the United States, Washington, D. C.:

If we can maintain the position in such strength that the enemy are obliged to abandon their position, and the elections in the great States go favorably, would it not be well to offer a general amnesty to all officers and soldiers in the rebellion? It would give us moral strength, and weaken them very much.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

CHATTANOOGA, TENN., October 3, 1863. [Received 5.30 p.m.]

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

The fortifications of this place are steadily increasing in strength. The men work cheerfully, and with skill and ingenuity. I think that the lines need heavy artillery to counterbalance heavy rifled guns, which may be established to annoy the troops at long range. It is understood that a 30-pounder rifle, which fired a few

shells from Lookout Mountain into the right of the line, has burst; at any rate the annoyance continued only a day or two. I have heard of no one being injured. General Rosecrans has ordered up some rifled pieces, and, I presume, has ere this made you acquainted with his wants.

The trains are now sent to considerable distances for forage. I have directed Lieutenant-Colonel Hodges, chief quartermaster of Army of the Cumberland, who has gone to Nashville, to organize the trains of troops expected there, to make arrangements to ship from Louisville by railroad the grain needed to supply the animals belonging to the artillery, to the officers, and to the trains with full daily rations. The cavalry horses will be able to subsist for some time to come upon the country. During the march from Nashville full two-thirds of all the forage consumed in this army was obtained by foraging. Concentrated as it now is, it must soon draw supplies from a distance. At this season of the year the corn is in the field, and ripe. Though not dry enough for storing in granary, it furnishes food for man and beast.

