
Fifth. The brigade here (Buford's) should, in the event of the removal of the troops at Newton to Mobile, be moved to Meridian to be ready to operate east, west, north, or south, especially to protect Demopolis, Selma, and Montgomery.

Sixth. Captain Green and his subordinates have orders to examine the country between the Pascagoula and Mobile, to learn how we may approach the communications of a besieging army.

Seventh. Major-General Maury has been selected by the President to command the Department of the Gulf. The commander of this department therefore has no authority to send a senior over him.

J. E. JOHNSTON,

General.

According to the President's decision my staff, except aides-decamp, is that of the department.

J. E. J.

MORTON, August 31, 1863.

Memorandum for Major-General Lee:

First. To transfer Colonel Logan's command, taking advantage of the move to organize Colonel Du Monteil's regiment should it be convenient.

Second. While inspecting Colonel Logan's troops to inquire into the truth of the report, that after the recent action near Jackson, La., 23 prisoners (1 white officer and 22 colored and negro privates) were put to death in cold blood and without form of law, and if it is true to bring the culprits to trial.

Third. In organizing Colonel Du Monteil's regiment consider that Mullen's company belongs to the Department of the Gulf, and is now on service from which it cannot be removed without compromising the safety of Mobile; outpost duty for that place.

Fourth. As to mustering militia into the service, it is to be considered that our commanding officers report that it is made up of deserters, and besides that evil is inefficient. Would it not be better, when this is the case, to take out deserters and conscripts and disband the rest? Show this memorandum to Lieutenant-General Hardee.

J. E. JOHNSTON,

General.

P. S.-A man just from Vicksburg reports that several expeditions to carry of cotton have been made by the enemy to this side of the Big Black. They have not been reported by our cavalry. He further states that he had seen none of our troops on his way.

J. E. J.

GRENADA, MISS.,

August 31, 1863.

Major-General LEE,

Morton:

Henderson reports Grierson preparing for a raid. Troops said to be assembling at La Grange and Germantown, the points from which last raid started.

JAS. R. CHALMERS,

Brigadier-General.

