HEADQUARTERS FIFTH MILITARY DISTRICT,DEPARTMENT OF MISSISSIPPI AND EAST LOUISIANA,

Grenada, August 31, 1863.

Captain J. T. LAWLER,

Comdg. First [Seventh] Regiment Tennessee Cavalry:

CAPTAIN: In accordance with Paragraph II, Special Orders, Numbers 133, from these headquarters, you will proceed to De Soto County and assume command of the companies composing what is called the Second Regiment Mississippi State Cavalry.

I am, captain, your obedient servant,

W. A. GOODMAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

TRENTON, GA.,

August 31, 1863.

Major-General WHEELER:

I arrived at this point 5 o'clock this morning, after a march of 35 miles yesterday and 10 this morning. The enemy were here yesterday with considerable force; came in about 8 o'clock and left in the evening. Did no damage. This morning about 9 o'clock the enemy attacked my scouts on top of the mountain, drove them down, and charged them and the picket. I immediately re-enforced the picket, and after a brief skirmish we drove them back. All is quiet now.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. H. MAULDIN,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Detachment.

TRENTON, GA., August 31, 1863-11 p. m.

General WHEELER:

GENERAL: I think the position that I occupy with my command is indeed a critical one. The command (Colonel Estes') that was picketing on the river have been scattered and the whole line is open.

The enemy moved in the valley this evening with a very heavy force of cavalry. At the junction of the roads some few went up the valley and crossed over on Lookout Mountain-about 25 only; they are on both sides of me and in front. There is a very heavy force on Sand Mountain. I am picketing on the side of Sand Mountain, endeavoring to protect my command.

I sent a scout on the mountain to-day and it was immediately attacked. I am looking for an attack in the morning. I shall soon be short of ammunition and rations.

If a large force attacks me I can see no chance to save my train, as there is no gap here where I can go up Lookout Mountain. I shall do the [best I] can under the circumstance, and await your orders.

I am, sir, your obedient servant,

T. H. MAULDIN,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

