
siege Mobile. Upon reports to General Maury from New Orleans, maxey's brigade is sent to Mobile. Can an officer be sent to relieve him?

J. E. JOHNSTON.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY IN MISSISSIPPI,Morton, September 1, 1863.

[Colonel B. S. EWELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General:]

SIR: As the result of my recent tour of inspection I have the honor to submit the following report:

General Jackson's division of cavalry, occupying the line from Raymond to Lexington, is well organized into two brigades, under Brigadier-Generals Cosby and Whitfield, and a detachment of a regiment and a battalion under Colonel Ross, of Texas, and a battery of four pieces. This command is in good serviceable condition, excepting the indifferent arms and a want of uniformity in the arming even of companies. About 500 men in the division are dismounted. Over of companies. About 500 men in the division are dismounted. Over 300 belong to the Texas brigade, and cannot procure horses at the present prices and in this section. I recommend that they be furnished by the Government. The dismounted men, such as can furnish horses, of the Mississippi regiments can procure them by allowing a limited number from each regiment to go to their homes for them, and this I suggest. The dismounted men are of little use in the camps. Jackson's division, properly handled, should render efficient service.

Chalmers' cavalry command on Tallahatchie, extending as far east as Rocky Ford, consists of First [Seventh] Tennessee, Second Missouri, Willis' (Texas) battalion, and Second Arkansas, numbering, all told, not to exceed 600 effective men, the regiments being much reduced; one, the Second Arkansas, having but 40 enlisted men. Falkner's regiment and Chalmers' battalion partisan rangers, numbering together about 3350 effectives, make up the troops in the Confederate States service. In addition to the above there are two regiments of State cavalry, Third and Second, numbering, during the recent raid of the enemy, not to exceed 250 effective men, though on paper these regiments number over 1,000 men.

This command is generally not in good condition. The volunteer troops are tried soldiers and presented a good appearance. The partisan and State troops are not reliable, being in poor discipline and over one-half the number on the rolls being at their homes. All the troops, with exception of First [Seventh] Tennessee, are indifferently armed. Chalmers' battalion consists of four companies, two of which are not included in the effective force I have given, being near the Charleston and Memphis Railroad and not acknowledging the battalion organization, their captains never having to exceed 15 or 20 men with them. In raids of the enemy many of the partisan and State troops disperse. The condition of this command can be improved by proper attention on the part of the officers, its inefficiency being brought about by the command operating near their homes under relaxed discipline. Chalmers has but three pieces of artillery indifferently manned. He should have a battery of four pieces.

General Ferguson's cavalry occupies the line from Rocky Ford to the Alabama line, and consists of the Second and Fifty-sixth Regiments Alabama, Second Tennessee Cavalry, and Twelfth Mississippi Partisan Rangers, numbering about 1,500 effective men.

