
GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS HILL'S CORPS,

Numbers 46. September 1, 1863.

Efforts must be made to stop the enormous straggling on marches and to break up the heavy details made to wait upon officers, especially of the staff department.

The regimental surgeon and a field officer, or acting field officer, must march habitually in the rear of each regiment, and no man will be allowed to fall out of ranks without their permission. When a man falls out to obey a call of nature a non-commissioned officer must be detailed to stay with him until he returns.

Officers will remain habitually with their troops and camp with them. No one will go into a house unless his health absolutely calls for it.

Details to guard baggage and for other purposes must be made by an officer of lower grade than a brigadier, subject to the approval of his division commander.

Halts must be made on a march for five or ten minutes every hour by each division independent of every other division.

Before going into camp the rolls will be called and officers will be arrested who have permitted straggling.

The rear guards of regiments, brigades, and divisions will take up the stragglers of all commands as well as their own. No one will be allowed to pass either way except general officers, their staff, and couriers, and persons with the written permission of general officers.

Whenever there is a halt, except at the regular time, each commander from a regiment up will ride forward as far as the next commander to ascertain the cause and to remove it if possible.

Should a wagon or other vehicle break down it will be promptly removed from the road so as to cause no delay. During the prevalence of dry and dusty weather all wheels, but especially of the artillery, will be watered three times a day.

By command of Lieutenant General D. H. Hill:

ARCHER ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CHATTANOOGA, TENN.,

September 1, 1863.

Captain THADDEUS FOSTER:

Please forward the following dispatch to General Wheeler:

The enemy are reported to have crossed in force into Will's Valley, at Trenton. The general wishes a report immediately from you as to the truth of this report, and any facts in regard to the number of the enemy.

KINLOCH FALCONER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

ATLANTA, GA., September 1, 1863.

General H. C. WAYNE,

Adjutant and Inspector General, Cartersville, Ga.:

Please inform me what force is at the bridge. Keep me advised of all the movements of the enemy, as far as possible.

M. H. WRIGHT,

Colonel, Commanding.

