
TWELVE MILES SOUTHEAST OF MEMPHIS,

Shelby County, Tenn., September 1, 1863.

Colonel McCULLOCH:

SIR: I visited Memphis yesterday and spent five hours in the city. I availed myself of the opportunity offered and gained information through a good secesh who had taken the oath. There are only about 3,000 troops in the city and only a battalion of cavalry, they having sent all their available force to Arkansas, except a garrison. The place is unfortified in two directions, and can be approached on the State line road with a few cavalry, and a small force sent up toward La Grange and Germantown to draw their forces out, and those coming in this direction can do so at night without their knowing it, and as there are large supplies there and boats arriving from above every hour, you can destroy so effectually that it will compel them to fall back from Arkansas.

I saw two boat-loads commissary stores going down yesterday, and, as you know, to prevent desertion, the troops must have clothing and boots, and I am certain there is enough to equip 50,000 men There are no breast-works. Come on the State-line road and 1,000 cavalry can take it now by surprising it at daylight, and if you should come you could send some one in a day or two ahead, and keep the others engaged at Germantown to prevent their coming before you had effectually destroyed all.

Such a thing would give new energy to the whole army. The streets are full of deserters. I saw a Yankee officer bring one in the barber's shop and pay his bill for a shave and hair-cut, and when

once they get in there they can't get out. I shall go up the line and see what force is at La Grange and Germantown.

I send you some Northern papers I purchased yesterday in the city. I was afraid to get any more for fear of arousing suspicion. I inclose you a letter* from Mr. Jamieson, a wealthy secesh. I don't know the contents, but think it is about robbers who claim to be of your regiment, though I don't think they do. If you consider this worthy of your attention and General Lee will send the cavalry, you can do the cause a great deal of good. The people are better secesh now than any of Mississippi.

Respectfully submitted.

J. A. HARRAL.

[First indorsement.]

MORTON, MISS., September 11, 1863.

Respectfully referred to Major-General Lee, who will immediately report whether in his opinion an attack on Memphis can be made by a considerable portion of his cavalry, without danger to our lines,, and if so his views respecting the mode in which that attack should be made.

W. J. HARDEE,

Lieutenant-General.

[Second indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY IN MISSISSIPPI,Canton, September 17, 1863.

Respectfully returned.

I do not consider an attack feasible at this time. The cavalry in North Mississippi is not in good trim and is badly armed, nor do I

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

