
his division will be instructed to report the fact to headquarters Army of Tennessee, to these headquarters, and to the officers commanding the bridge guards at Resaca and Etowah.

By command of Major General Joseph Wheeler:

E. S. BURFORD,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS,Chattanooga, Tenn., September 2, 1863.

General W. T. MARTIN:

GENERAL: I am directed by General Wheeler to instruct you to move your command to some point between La Fayette and Dalton, where you can obtain some green corn for its subsistence. Old corn will be shipped to you at Dalton to assist in foraging it. He directs me to instruct you to call in all detachments of your command except the 250 of the detachment under Colonel Mauldin, who have been ordered on duty under instructions, a copy of which is herewith inclosed. He desires that as soon as located you will report to him your location.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. E. WAILES,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS,Chattanooga, Tenn., September 2, 1863.

[Colonel MAULDIN:]

General Wheeler directs that immediately upon receipt of this you will send all your command, excepting 250 men, to La Fayette to report to General Martion at that place. With the remainder of your command the general directs that you will move up to Raccoon Mountain and picket the Tennessee River, placing your pickets in such manner that the right of your picket-line will rest on the left of the infantry pickets, and will extend thence down the river to a point 1 mile below Kelley's Ferry. The line of pickets will be continued from this last-named point across Will's Valley to Lookout Mountain near Davis' Mill.

Ordinarily you will report to these headquarters three times a day, but in case of any demonstration of the enemy you will report every hour at least, and oftener if you have anything important to communicate.

WM. E. WAILES,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS,Chattanooga, Tenn., September 2, 1863.

General J. A. WHARTON,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: I am directed by general Wheeler to say that he desires you will move one brigade of your division by easy marches to the vicinity of Alpine on the Georgia State line on the road to Cedar

