
Bluff. Arrangements will be made with the chief quartermaster to ship corn to Rome to partially forage the brigade at Alpine, the remainder of the forage to be obtained in the country. the other brigade of your division will remain in its position at La Fayette. The general directs that you will picket all the passes of Lookout Mountain from Will's Valley, and that you patrol the mountain from the Tennessee River to Gadsden.

A portion of General Martin's command will picket Will's Valley from a point 1 mile below Kelley's Ferry over to Lookout Mountain to a point near Davis' Mill. Please acknowledge receipt of this.

Respectfully, general, your obedient servant,

W. E. WAILES,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS,[September-, 1863.]

Commanding officer at Alpine will keep a good company and a good officer to picket Henderson's Gap, and a good officer and 20 men to picket Tap's Gap, and a good officer and 10 men to defend Standifer's Gap; a good officer and 10 men at Buck's Gap; a sergeant and 3 men at Stewart's trail; an officer and 30 men to defend Davis' Gap; a non-commissioned officer and 3 men at Baker's Gap; a good officer and 40 men will be stationed at Blue Pond Gap, with instructions to place a sergeant and 3 men to watch Tatum's Gap, Whitten's Gap, and Huff's Gap; that is to say a sergeant and 3 men at each of these three gaps.

The commanding officer at Blue Pond Gap will place himself in communication with the captain commanding a company at Gadsden, Ala., and will report all information to commanding officer at Alpine and also to General Wharton at Summerville, Ga., and also to Major William E. Hill, commanding at Cedar Bluff, Ala.

In case the force at Blue Pond is driven back it will fall back by way of Cedar Bluff toward Rome.

The commanding officer at Alpine will see that the pickets at all these gaps keep out scouts to observe the enemy, and he will himself detach good scouts to hover around the enemy's camp and learn the strength and position of the enemy and the names of the generals commanding.

The commanding officers of all the pickets at these gaps except those which have but 3 men will be furnished with a copy of printed General Orders, Numbers 7, cavalry headquarters, which they will be expected to comply with strictly.

By command of General Wheeler:

E. S. BURFORD,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

CHARLESTON, TENN.,

September 2, 1863-4 p. m.

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON:

Your dispatch just received. Under orders from General Bragg, have concentrated here. Cumberland Gap is held by Frazer's bri-

