
gade of four regiments, provisioned for nearly two months; Jackson's small brigade of bridge guards, and Giltner's cavalry at Bristol and Abingdon, reporting to General Williams, for covering the salt-works. General Bragg makes the Hiwassee his northern line. My force of about 9,000, added to Stewart's division, which is assigned to my corps, constitute now the Right Wing of General Bragg's army.

Of Rosecrans' movement I am not advised. Burnside's cavalry appeared on the river, north of Loudon, this morning. I think much of his force moved southward to effect a junction with Rosecrans, passing behind the mountains. None of it has crossed the mountains. The present concentration gives up temporarily the country between this place and Bristol. The best hopes are entertained of this concentration. Troops in fine spirits. Use new key for cipher.

S. B. BUCKNER,

Major-General.

CHARLESTON, September 2, 1863-8.30 p. m.

Colonel G. W. BRENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Chattanooga:

Enemy shelled Loudon this p. m. There is no doubt that he destroyed the bridge. Enemy are at Knoxville; cavalry. Small part of my cavalry thrown out to Tennessee River this morning and to-night. Rest of Pegram's brigade moves out at daylight, Scott's cavalry covering wagon trains beyond Athens. Hodge's near Athens to-night. Preston's division 6 miles from here, toward Georgetown. Stewart's division here. Shall I move my infantry in vicinity of Georgetown to sustain cavalry?

S. B. BUCKNER,

Major-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS FIRST DISTRICT,DEPT. OF MISS. AND EAST LA.,

Numbers 87. Columbus, Miss., September 3, 1863.

I. By virtue of General Orders, Numbers 12, dated Morton, August 16, 1863, emanating from department headquarters, assigning Major General S. D. Lee to the command of all the cavalry in the State of Mississippi, in accordance with orders from the President of the Confederate States, the brigadier-general commanding the district relinquishes the command of the cavalry brigade with which he has been so long associated, on which he has expended so much labor in organizing, and with which he has had the satisfaction of defending most effectually the district intrusted to his charge, having repeatedly punished the enemy and protected abundant crops to maturity and the great thoroughfares from destruction.

In taking leave of his cavalry brigade the general tenders his best wishes for the prosperity and happiness of the troops of the respective organizations accompanied by the hope that their career will be glorious in the defense of our liberties.

By order of Brigadier-General Ruggles:

L. D. SANDIDGE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant and Inspector General.

