
[Indorsements.]

SEPTEMBER 5, 1863.

Respectfully submitted to the consideration of the President.

J. A. S.

Returned to Secretary of War.

The subject has already received attention. Local-defense men can alone enable us to furnish at this time the re-enforcements asked for.

J. D.

CHARLESTON, September 3, 1863.

Colonel G. W. BRENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Chattanooga:

Two brigades of Preston's are just beyond Georgetown to-night. The other brigade 6 miles from here on Candy Creek. Stewart's division here organizing transportation to-night, and will move tomorrow morning to Georgetown. Preston's rear brigade will return and remain here. Pegram's brigade of cavalry picketing beyond Georgetown, Hodge's brigade here, Scott's 6 miles north of here with advanced guards at Athens. All quiet on river and toward Loudon.

S. B. BUCKNER,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS BUCKNER'S CORPS,September 3, 1863.

Major General A. P. STEWART,

Commanding Division:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs you to march with three of the brigades of your division and three batteries, Captain Darden's included, to the point now occupied by General Preston's division on the Georgetown road. Major Crutchfield, chief quartermaster, has been instructed to furnish your division with the necessary transportation, and you will please march so soon as the transportation of your division will have been organized. The inclosed letter from Brigadier-General Preston, now ordered to Georgetown, Colonel Trigg's brigade excepted, will show you the disposition made by him of his command.

I am, general, yours, very respectfully,

V. SHELIHA,

Chief of Staff.

[Indorsement.]

Major HATCHER:

This order is to march so soon as the transportation of the division is organized. Learn from Lauderdale when that will be, and give the orders accordingly. Let Johnson, Brown, and Bate move-Johnson to Carmichael's Ford; Bate to McCracken's, 6 miles out from Charleston; Brown toward Ross' Ford of Candy Creek, on the south and east bank of Candy Creek, and at base of Candy Hills; in other words they are to occupy positions now occupied by Preston. Direct Major Leyden to send a battery of four guns with Bate's and Brown's brigades each. Clayton can remain where he is at present, and we can camp out here to-night. The troops can hardly march before morning, anyhow. Preserve these papers.

