
[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS PRESTON'S DIVISION, BUCKNER'S CORPS,In the Field, September 3, 1863.

Colonel SHELIHA:

COLONEL: My command is bivouacked with its right (Gracie) at Carmichael's Ford; center near McCracken's, miles out on the road from Charleston, and its left toward Ross' Ford of Candy Creek, on the south and east bank of Candy Creek, and at the base of Candy Hills. I have just received your dispatch in reference to the steamboats, and have given the requisite orders in regard to them. Will you inform me if there is any cavalry between the Hiwassee and the Tennessee covering my right, and direct their officers to inform me of any movements of the enemy on the east of the Hiwassee?

I am, colonel, very respectfully,

W. PRESTON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS BUCKNER'S CORPS,Charleston, September 3, 1863.

Brigadier General JOHN PEGRAM:

GENERAL: Colonel Hodge's Brigade has arrived; is encamped on the right bank of the Hiwassee River, and will report to you at the earliest practicable moment. By command of General Bragg, Brigadier-General Forrest will assume command of your division also, and you will please report to him on his arrival. Two brigades of infantry, with three batteries, are being thrown forward to Georgetown. They will encamp on the Blythe's Ferry road about 1 or 2 miles from town.

No later news from Colones Scott. His last dispatch was dated Sweet Water, September 2, 8 o'clock p. m.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

V. SHELIHA,

Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS BUCKNER'S CORPS,Charleston, September 3, 1863.

[General PRESTON:]

You will proceed with Brigadier-General Gracie's and Colonel Kelly's brigades and three batteries of artillery, via Georgetown, on the Blythe Ferry road, to a point about 1 mile beyond Georgetown, select a suitable camping-ground, and support the cavalry in your front and flank.

The cavalry force of this corps will be under command of Brigadier-General Forrest.

Colonel Trigg's brigade, with one battery of artillery, will remain at Candy Creek until relieved by Major-General Stewart's command, and then return to this point.

I remain, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

V. SHELIHA,

Chief of Staff.

