
GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS BUCKNER'S CORPS,

Numbers 11. Charleston, September 3, 1863.

The undersigned assumes command of this corps as recently organized by the addition of Stewart's division. In doing so he cannot conceal from the gallant troops of the command the pleasure which he derives, after so long a separation from them, in this new association with the comrades whose gallantry he has witnessed, and whose courage has been illustrated on so many battle-fields.

To the veterans of Stewart's division he would say: You are associated with younger troops, it is true, than yourselves, but with soldiers who will imitate your most gallant deeds.

To the young division of Preston: Imitate the example of your veteran comrades. To equal them in soldierly qualities will be all that our country can demand of you in this its hour of trial.

Soldiers, let us all in our respective spheres discharge the duties of patriots and of men. The eyes of the country are directed toward you. There is not a matron or a maiden in the South who does not regard you as her champions. Let us not prove recreant to the trust, but nerved by the fervent prayers of those who look to us for protection against the refined cruelty of our foes, and relying upon the justice of our cause and the protection of God, let us battle against these intruders upon our soil until we conquer not only peace but independence. The gratitude of a free and independent people will be our reward for the hardships and dangers we are expected to encounter in their behalf.

S. B. BUCKNER,

Major-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE,No. 210. Richmond, September 4, 1863.

XXII. The two companies of Texas volunteers, commanded respectively by Captains W. D. Stowe and N. B. Roff, now at Camp Deep Run, near this city, will proceed without delay to Morton, Miss., and report to Lieutenant General W. J. Hardee, commanding,&amp;c., for temporary assignment to the cavalry battalion of Colonel Waul's legion.

Quartermasters will furnish the necessary transportation.

By command of the Secretary of War:

JNumbers WITHERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTER,Numbers 177. Morton, Miss., September 4, 1863.

Asst. Surg. Charles Richard Hayward is hereby relieved from duty in Jackson's cavalry division hospital, Lauderdale, Miss., and will report without delay to Brigadier-General Chalmers for assignment to duty in the Seventh Tennessee Regiment of Cavalry.

By command of Lieutenant-General Hardee:

T. B. LAMAR,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

