
disability sent from your headquarters are incomplete in not stating how long the men have been unfit for duty, and to say that in future you will look into this matter.

All wagons caught carrying cotton into the lines of the enemy for trade will be taken and the wagons and teams confiscated.

All cotton that can be got at by the enemy will be destroyed at once.

Inclosed you will find a communication for Colonel R. V. Richardson, which you will please forward to him.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. W. HOLT,

Major and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

GRENADA, September 4, 1863.

Major General S. D. LEE,

Canton:

Captain Henderson reports Third and Fourth Illinois gone to Arkansas; Seventh Kansas at Collierville in their place. Winslow's command went down river on 2nd instant. No indications of rain.

J. R. CHALMERS,

Brigadier-General.

SEPTEMBER 4, 1863-10 a. m.

General D. H. HILL:

DEAR GENERAL: There is no doubt of the enemy's position now; one corps opposite you, and two this side of river from Shellmound by Bridgeport to Caperton's, the point of first crossing. A part of the latter are reported moving down Will's Valley toward Gadsden or perhaps Rome; Wheeler is gone to develop them and Walker goes by railroad to Rome to head them off from our communications.

If you can cross the river, now is our time to crush the corps opposite. What say you? Or if we could draw the enemy over. We must do something and that soon. We have a pontoon bridge here, but it is not portable, and the crossing here would be under fire. By selecting fords Forrest promises to cross infantry on his horses.

The crushing of this corps would give us a great victory and redeem Tennessee. Can you be the instrument to do it? Consult Cleburne. He is cool, full of resources, and ever alive to a success. Then give me your views, or call with Cleburne and see what our resources are.

Yours, truly,

BRAXTON BRAGG.

P. S.-There are some steamers and flats in Hiwassee with Buckner. A diversion or real move could be made there.

B. B.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF TENNESSEE,Chattanooga, Tenn., September 4, 1863.

Major General W. H. T. WALKER,

Commanding Division (through Lieutenant General D. H. Hill):

GENERAL: The general commanding directs that you will take post at Rome, Ga., and make your position as strong as circumstances

