
will permit, and endeavor to prevent the enemy from crossing and moving by your right or left into Georgia. But you will so maneuver as to prevent any force of the enemy from interposing between you and your connections with this army.

You will endeavor to have the telegraph to Kingston at once placed in working order. So soon as General Roddey's cavalry arrives, you will direct it to cover your front and give you constant information of the enemy.

Our present information is that a force of the three arms, having crossed Sand Mountain, is in march toward Rome or Atlanta. Keep your troops in a condition to take the cars at any moment, to return or to move in any direction.

General Wheeler, commanding the cavalry, will keep you informed of the position of his forces, any portion of which that may be in your vicinity, you may call to your assistance if you find an opportunity of striking at any portion of the enemy.

Until your transportation can be sent to you, you must impress from the country. Send and officer to Atlanta to stop your artillery and take it to you by Kingston. If the guns and horses are not on the same train, let the one be halted at Atlanta to stop your artillery and take it to you by Kingston. If the guns and horses are not on the same train, let the one be halted at Atlanta until the other comes up, that both may reach Kingston and Rome together.

And finally, if from information obtained on the road you find that the enemy have interposed between you and Rome, you must take such position as you think best to arrest his farther movements southeast and report for orders.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEORGE WM. BRENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS WHARTON'S CAVALRY DIVISION,One Mile of Alpine, September 4, 1863.

Major General JOSEPH WHEELER:

GENERAL: A scout sent out this morning reports the enemy's pickets at Winston's Gap. Information received from refugees that the enemy were moving down into Will's Valley yesterday, but no movement was made by them to-day.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNumbers A. WHARTON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.
HEADQUARTERS BRIGADE,Near Clinton, September 4, 1863.

Colonel B. S. EWELL,

Asst. Adjt. General, Department of the West, Morton:

COLONEL: Major Eavans, C. S. Army, who has just reached my camp from Vicksburg, having been unconditionally released by General Grant, makes to me the following report, viz:

Generals Sherman's and McPherson's corps are now in Vicksburg and between there and Big Black River; General Steele has gone to Little Rock, Ark., with his command; General Herron's corps has gone certainly to New Orleans; General Ord was until very recently at Natchez; either has gone or will very soon go to New Orleans, both to re-enforce Banks. All the smaller light-draught gun-boats

