
between Memphis and Vicksburg have gone up White River to assist Steele; transports now pass Cairo to Vicksburg without protection. Large numbers of men from the corps around Vicksburg are being furloughed, and are passing up the river. Sixteen regiments of nine-months' men belonging to Banks, mostly New Englanders, have gone up the river to be mustered out of service; they had all passed up through Cairo by the 16th of August; ten had each 600 or 700 men, the others smaller. Burnside's corps returned from Vicksburg about 9,000 strong, and have not been re-enforced by above 3,000, with which he has marched against General Buckner. Two or three regiments of cavalry had been mustered out of service in Kentucky-Wolford's, Jacob's, and Hobson's. A great many of the regiments in the Federal service are very small, many not over 200 effectives. General Grant is now in New Orleans; left Vicksburg 1st day of September. His staff is still at Vicksburg. No troops are coming down the river. General Logan's command went a few days ago to Monroe, found no Confederate force there, and returned to Vicksburg a day or two ago. He commands a division of McPherson's corps.

Major H. Evans, the officer who makes the above report, was arrested by the Federals before Vicksburg, while in front of our lines, and covered, as he supposed, by a flag of truce. They arrested him on pretext of his passing within their lines. General Grant sent him to Cairo to be retained until the surrender of Vicksburg. He was treated with great kindness, and permitted to go at large, and had many opportunities at Cairo, Louisville, Memphis, and Vicksburg to learn the movements, force, and intentions of the Yankees. His relation to several Federal officers and Government employes gave him peculiar facilities and entitle his reports to full belief. He states that he was positively informed by those who knew, and who at heart he considers disloyal to the United States, that it was the intention, as soon as preparations could be made, for Banks to attack Mobile. He ranks Grant and will command the expedition. Their plan is to land at Pascagoula and to attack Mobile from that point, the navy co-operating. Major E. says that they are now at work preparing, but does not think they can make an immediate attack on the city. They believe, though not positively certain, that General Johnston has re-enforced General Bragg. Many assert it positively, others are in doubt. General Thomas has organized the negro forces and returned to Washington. I send you Northern papers of the 25th and 26th.

I am, sir, very respectfully,

G. B. COSBY,

Brigadier-General, C. S. Army.

CHARLESTON, September 4, 1863-9 a. m.

General MACKALL, Chief of Staff, Chattanooga:

Captain Lester, of Wharton's division, just returned from a scout to Sparta, reports that a large force from Rosecrans, going by way of Pikeville, has effected a junction with Burnside beyond Kingston.

The captain will go to Chattanooga by first train.

S. B. BUCKNER,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS BUCKNER'S CORPS,Charleston, September 4, 1863.

Brigadier-General PRESTON, Commanding Division:

GENERAL: Draw in all your pickets, those at Blythe's Ferry included, and move at the earliest possible moment with your com-

