
leading to these fords, and give these headquarters timely warning of the approach of the enemy from that direction. Your men will be relieved by Colonel Johnson's command as soon as they are mounted.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

V. SHELIHA,

Chief of Staff.

DUBLIN, September 4, 1863.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General:

A telegram from General Buckner to me, dated 31st August, informs me that he had ordered Brigadier General A. E. Jackson to Bristol, to report to and obey orders from me, and he asked me to take charge of the part of Southwestern Virginia in his department. General Preston directed the officer, Colonel Giltner, left in charge of his district, to obey orders given him by General Williams, but not to do anything to derange the order of things on his district. That order seems confused, and may lead to conflict of authority. Would it not be well to send some officer there to take charge of that district and all the troops in it, or place them all temporarily under my orders?

SAM. JONES,

Major-General.

BRISTOL, September 4, 1863.

(Received 5th.)

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General:

No telegraphic communications west of Jonesborough. Operator at Greeneville abandoned the office. I am not advised that the railroad has been broken. Federals captured a train at Morristown and ran off some wheat in direction of Knoxville. Do not believe they have been farther east. Sent a cavalry party along the line to-day, west of Greeneville, to ascertain how far the line was perfect. Directed Lick Creek bridge burned, if necessary, to check advance of Federals until re-enforcements arrived. No report from them yet. Hope re-enforcements will arrive soon, otherwise Tennessee will be overrun by bushwhackers.

A. E. JACKSON,

Brigadier-General.

[Indorsements.]

ADJUTANT-GENERAL:

The Yankees are not coming by the railroad, and I do not see the necessity for burning the bridge if it be a railroad bridge, of which I am not informed. It would be well to caution General Jackson against anything which will interfere with our use of railroad.

J. D.

