
fragments of all his remaining companies which were dispersed, at the time of the attack by the rebel cavalry at 9 a.m. at Anderson's. He says his regiment was ordered to proceed to Anderson's to help trains up the mountain; that he had hardly got there yesterday morning when he heard of the rebels in the valley; that he hurried down the mountain, but found the attacking party too large for him. He estimated it at two brigades, under Wheeler. He has taken several prisoners, all of whom state that there were two divisions present; also that Wharton's cavalry had gone over to McMinnville.

The colonel estimates the entire loss of wagons at 300, being trains of General Rousseau, General Sheridan, the Anderson Cavalry, and a small ammunition train of General Thomas' corps. The rebels burned most of the wagons, and at about 10 a.m. left, taking the direction of Jasper. Negley's train, he says, passed over safely just before the attack. He has since learned and believes that Colonel McCook's cavalry arrived at Anderson's not long after the destruction of the wagons, and that they drove the rebels back up the valley. As this is confirmed by 2 of Colonel McCook's men who have just passed here on their way to Chattanooga, I take its truth for granted, and have concluded that it is unnecessary for me to go on farther on this road. I shall therefore immediately return to the foot of the mountain, and go on to the Poe road, in which direction I have already sent three companies.

Colonel Mitchell's brigade of Steedman's division has just arrived at this point, and expects to go on toward Anderson in the morning. The colonel of the Twenty-first Kentucky thinks a considerable number of his missing will turn up.

I am, general, yours, respectfully,

WM. J. PALMER,

Colonel, Commanding Anderson Cavalry.

POE ROAD, ON WESTERN BROW OF WALDEN'S RIDGE, Overlooking Sequatchie Valley, 26 Miles from Chattanooga, October 3, 1863-7 p.m.

Brigadier-General GARFIELD,

Chief of Staff, Hdqrs. Dept. of the Cumberland:

GENERAL: I have just reached here by the Poe road, after picketing the eastern foot of the mountain at the several roads and bridlepaths. I thought it possible the rebels, being hemmed in the Sequatchie Valley near Dunlap by General Crook's division above and Colonel McCook's below them, might attempt to break across to the Tennessee Valley by the Poe road or some of the adjacent bridlepaths. But I find on arriving here that the fight which took place between the rebel cavalry and Colonel McCook yesterday evening was between Anderson's and Therman, and that the result was so much of a defeat to the enemy that he fled to the Cumberland Mountains by the Therman road and Hill road, leaving a considerable number of scattered parties cut off in the Sequatchie Valley, who are still wandering about there this afternoon.

The rebels were followed by our cavalry, and the fight was renewed on the Savage road, on the Cumberland Mountains, at daybreak this morning, and lasted with great severity for two hours, the cannonading at the close appearing to be more distant than at first. The above is derived from son of Squire Roberts, of McLemore's Cove,

