
[Inclosure.]

THE YANKEE PROGRAMME.

The correspondent of the Chicago Times, after giving an account of the advance of the Federal columns toward Chattanooga, says:

Crittenden's corps moved eastward to feel the strength of the enemy, with the intention of crossing the mountains to the north and east of Chattanooga, crossing the Tennessee River at a ford some 30 miles above Chattanooga. This crossing safely effected, Crittenden will swing into the rear of Chattanooga, and if possible take the place. The intention is to strike that point offensively at the same time that Burnside attacks Buckner at Knoxville. This will at once prevent Buckner from receiving any re-enforcements, and also if not captured greatly endanger his retreat, for it will be impossible to retreat toward Bragg.

Meanwhile, if Crittenden succeeds well in his efforts upon Chattanooga and will not need re-enforcements, Thomas and McCook will move rapidly upon Rome, Ga. Bragg is at that point with the whole of his command, save what few troops he may have at Chattanooga. It has been believed for weeks that the only force at Chattanooga is composed of citizens and perhaps a brigade of troops who operate to keep the citizens in fighting trim. It is also believed that Bragg will not resist at Rome. As we advance it is probable he will attempt to fall back on Joe Johnston, who was positively at Atlanta, Ga., on the 12th instant.

Rosecrans will, if possible, whip Bragg in detail, disperse his forces, and then attack Johnston alone, for united the two rebel armies would certainly outnumber ours.

Granger's corps (reserve) lies in readiness to re-enforce rapidly by rail to Chattanooga, and if the road is not destroyed, then to Rome. Twenty days from this time, if I mistake not the signs, will see Georgia redeemed and thoroughly regenerated.

The New York Times also foreshadows the plan of operations in the following paragraph:

The advance on Chattanooga is in two columns on a double line of operations-Rosecrans moving on Chattanooga and Burnside on Knoxville. There are always objections attaching to double lines, especially as in the present case when divergent from the center. It was absolutely necessary, however, that the exposed left flank of Rosecrans' army should be covered while he makes a right swinging move on Chattanooga. This is the whole purpose of the co-operation of Burnside's column. The possession of Knoxville is not under the circumstances of vital moment, for Chattanooga in our possession, Knoxville and the whole line is turned and falls of its own weight.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF TENNESSEE,Chattanooga, September 5, 1863.

Lieutenant-General POLK, Commanding Corps:

GENERAL: The general desires that the bridge road leading from the pickets of Major-General Hindman to the pickets of Brigadier-General Smith should be patrolled by infantry.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEORGE WM, BRENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF TENNESSEE,Chattanooga, Tenn., September 5, 1863.

Lieutenant-General POLK, Commander of Corps:

GENERAL: I am instructed by the general commanding to say that action will be taken on the charges preferred against Major-General Hindman so soon as the exigencies of the service will permit.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEORGE WM. BRENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

