HEADQUARTERS CLEBURNE'S DIVISION,September 5, 1863-10 p.m.

Lieutenant General D. H. HILL:

GENERAL: I have just received the private letter of General Bragg, dated 10 a.m., September 4. I am of the opinion that we should crush the corps opposite us if we can. I do not know, however, what force you have. I have a fraction over 5,000 men. I do not know how we could cross our artillery. This is a necessary calculation, as the enemy have had time to fortify, and doubtless have done so at the foot of the mountain.

I have ordered the trains to start as early as possible in the morning. The men had little, if any, sleep last night; they should have some to-night. I had selected camp at Ooltewah as directed by you. My inspectors are all absent now for that purpose. If the camps at Ooltewah are taken up, I will occupy Stewart's old camps.

Colonels Smith and Nixon will probably not reach this point before the middle of the day to-morrow.

I will let you know early in the morning where my headquarters will be.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. R. CLEBURNE,

Major-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS,Numbers 69. Alpine, Ga., September 5, 1863.

I. The commanding officers at Henderson's, Neal's, Tap's, Standifer's, Leavell's, and Davis' Gaps will use every exertion to have those passes over the mountain well blockaded at several points, taking care that it is not so obstructed as to prevent his scouts from passing.

II. These officers cannot be too active and energetic in impressing upon the minds of his scouts the necessity of always holding the enemy in observation, and report with the utmost promptness any information of his movements.

III. Pickets will not allow any citizens to pass toward the enemy.

IV. S. R. Stiles, of Elite Corps having been elected second-lieutenant, Company E, Eleventh Texas Regiment Cavalry, will report to Colonel G. R. Reeves for duty.

V. M. H. Jones, of Elite Corps, having been elected second-lieutenant Company K, Eleventh Texas Regiment Cavalry, will report to Colonel G. R. Reeves for duty.

VI. Colonel G. R. Reeves, commanding Eleventh Texas Regiment Cavalry, will immediately, upon Lieutenant S. R. Stiles and Lieutenant M. H. Cavalry, Jones reporting to him, select two of the most intelligent men from their companies (in their places) to report to Major William E. Hill, commanding Elite Corps, for instructions in cavalry tactics.

* * * * * * * *

By order of Major General Joseph Wheeler:

E. S. BURFORD,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

