
roads leading to Pound Gap from Kentucky, and trouble in that direction seems imminent. I have made this statement that explanations hereafter may be rendered unnecessary.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN S. WILLIAMS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure No. 4.]

KNOXVILLE, August 24, 1863.

Captain MARTIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

The remaining troops in the department will report through Colonel Giltner, upon whom the command will devolve, to Brigadier-General Williams during my absence. The administration of the district will remain as heretofore, and will not be disarranged by the order to report for service to General Williams.

By command of Brigadier-General Preston:

W. W. OWEN,

Chief of Artillery and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General

[Inclosure Numbers 5.]
HEADQUARTERS PRESTON'S BRIGADE,Abingdon, Va., August 25, 1863.

[General WILLIAMS:]

GENERAL: I inclose you a copy of the telegram placing me in command of the remaining troops of the brigade. I should have answered your communication of yesterday to Captain Martin, acting assistant adjutant-general, with reference to the strength and disposition of the troops remaining here of the brigade at once, but for the fact that I was desirous of receiving intelligence from Brigadier-General Preston with reference to the Tenth Kentucky Regiment, Lieutenant-Colonel Prentice's and Captain Fields' commands, which had been solicited of him before the receipt of your note.

The Fourth Kentucky Regiment of cavalry is now in the vicinity of Lebanon, and has 501 effective men present for duty. Lieutenant-Colonel Prentice's command is now at Pound Gap, consisting of about 200 men. Captain Fields' company, Partisan Rangers, is also at Pound Gap, with 76 effective men. Captain Davidson's battery is within 2 miles of this place. He has 91 men present for duty. Major Chenoweth is at Whitesburg, Ky., with about 133 men. I am in receipt of a communication from him, dated 23rd instant, from that place. Major Chenoweth, Lieutenant-Colonel Prentice, and Captain Fields' commands have all been ordered to withdraw from their present positions to Castle Wood.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. L. GILTNER,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

RICHMOND, September 5, 1863.

General SAM. JONES,

Dublin Depot:

You will assume command of that part of Southwestern Virginia which belongs to the Department of East Tennessee, as suggested by General Buckner.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

