
CANTON, September 6, 1863.

Lieutenant-General HARDEE:

Enemy have returned to Corinth. Ferguson has no artillery. Owens' battery, horse artillery, is at Okolona, under General Rugles' orders, without support; request it may be ordered to report to Ferguson at once. Also, that Captain Dashiell, paymaster at Columbus, be ordered to procure funds for Ferguson's command, as he has not bonded quartermaster for that duty. Chalmers has two cotton-buyers. How shall they be disposed of?

S. D. LEE,

Major-General.

MORTON, September 6, 1863.

Brigadier-General FEATHERSTON,

Newton:

You will immediately move, marching with your brigade to Enterprise. Order General Adams to move his to Meridian and there remain till further orders. If notified by General Maury to proceed to Mobile, go without delay with both brigades. Report by telegraph when you start.

By command of Lieutenant-General Hardee:

BENJ. S. EWELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY IN MISSISSIPPI,Canton, Miss., September 6, 1863

Brigadier General J. R. CHALMERS,

Commanding Cavalry Brigade, Grenada, Miss.:

GENERAL: I am directed by the major-general commanding to say that he desires that you will keep your command well together so that you can strike the enemy at once in case he attempts to advance, and he desires that you resist all such efforts, holding the enemy in check until re-enforcements can be sent to your assistance. A brigade has been placed in front of Yazoo City to prevent all raids form that direction, and to assist you in case of necessity. General Ferguson has received instructions to go to your assistance in case of an advance of the enemy on your command, and you will go to his assistance in case of an advance on his command without further orders from these headquarters. You will keep the Partisan Rangers directly under you eye, and see that no more irregular furloughs are given, so that a better state of discipline can be established in this corps. The major-general commanding learns that a great many of the captains commanding partisan ranger companies are in the habit of giving furloughs to their men for two and three weeks at a time without referring them to higher authority; this system must be put a stop to; and the more effectually to do so, the first opportunity that presents itself you will dismount some of the partisans and send them to these headquarters in compliance with General Orders, Numbers 3. from these headquarters.

Particular attention must be paid to the subject of passes. The general met a good many men of Falkner's command going through

39 R R-VOL XXX, PT IV

