
whom we met on the road, he having come from the valley above Dunlap this morning.

A man named Welsh, a Union man in the valley, who saw them all pass his house, says the rebels numbered 8,000. The statements in regard to the result of the fighting last evening, and of its renewal this morning at daybreak on the Cumberland Mountains, have been verified by the report of several other parties.

None of our troops are opposite this point in the Sequatchie Valley, all the cavalry having gone on in pursuit of the enemy. I shall start down the mountain into the Sequatchie Valley at daybreak tomorrow, by the Aleck's Gap road, the Poe road having been blockaded by fallen trees about half-way down. The Aleck's Gap trace is 3 miles above this.

Twenty-two wagons of the Pioneer Brigade are here waiting to go down after forage. Their escort will remove the obstructions early in the morning. If the above reports are true, this road should now be used by trains from Bridgeport to Chattanooga, as it is a much better road.

I am, general, yours, respectfully,

WM. J. PALMER,

Colonel, Commanding Anderson Cavalry.

STATION NEAR LOOMIS' BATTERY, October 3, 1863-11.10 a.m.

Captain MERRILL:

Another column of infantry followed force previously reported; were thirteen minutes in passing. Counted 100 men in a minute. Saw one caisson.

11.25 a.m.

Some artillery has passed, but cannot see sufficiently to count batteries. The column has halted.

PUTNAM.
HEADQUARTERS SIGNAL CORPS, October 3, 1863.

Brigadier-General GARFIELD,Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: The following report of observations made on our front to-day is respectfully submitted. The point from which they were made is the fort occupied by Wood's division:

South-southeast of fort in green field with road passing through center, commence the heaviest works of the enemy. I can trace them as far to the right as I can see for the dense timber. The largest camp of the enemy begins in the same field and is near the foot of the ridge. It is much larger than it was yesterday. On a ridge to the left of unpainted house are three guns in position. The enemy covered the guns with brush this evening. They are from 50 to 75 yards apart.

At 2.30 p.m. seven regiments of infantry, six wagons, and six ambulances moved along top of ridge from unpainted house. They appeared to have come into the road from east side of ridge at that point. They halted on crest of ridge, and an inspection was held. About 4 p.m. six of the regiments moved down the west side of the ridge. The seventh regiment still remained on top of the ridge. A wagon train passed along top of ridge moving in direction of our right this morning. A few led horses and some wagons in charge of a squad of cavalry passed in same direction.

DE MOTTE.

