
the country with very irregular passes. Issue stringent orders with regard to this matter, and see that any officer who violates them is held to a strict accountability for so doing.

The general has recommended the recall of all authorities to raise companies, &amp;c., but you can muster into the Confederate service all organized companies raised under existing authorities, until further instructions from headquarters.

The general directs me to say that he resignation of Colonel Falkner has been withheld for the present.

It appears by a conversation which General Lee had with the Governor of Mississippi-Governor Pettus-that there is no authority for the transfer of State troops to the Confederate States as yet, and consequently you will not muster into the Confederate service any of them; but at the same time they are fully under your command.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. W. HOLT,

Major and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY IN MISSISSIPPI,Canton, September 6, 1863.

Brigadier-General CHALMERS,

Commanding, &c., Grenada:

DEAR GENERAL: The general wants you to post yourself thoroughly with regard to the number, character, and kind of troops and works of the enemy on the Memphis and Charleston Railroad in front of your line and let him know, as it may be probable that he may want to make a move, when Colonel Richardson returns, into West Tennessee. Of course the contents of this note are strictly confidential.

Very truly, yours, &c.,

G. W. HOLT,

Major, &c.,

[SEPTEMBER 6, 1863.-For correspondence in relation to transfer of Longstreet's corps from Virginia to Tennessee, see Series I, Vol. XXIX, Part II, pp. 700, 701]

HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF TENNESSEE

Chattanooga, Tenn., September 6, 1863

In order to meet the enemy and strike him, the general commanding orders the following dispositions:

I. The troops of this army will move immediately toward Rome in four columns. Lieutenant-General Polk will move on the La Fayette road via Rossville, Snow Hill, and La Fayette to Summerville. He will, however, leave a regiment at Chattanooga and one at the foot of Lookout Mountain until the column of General Hill shall pass, when General Hill will order them to move with him. General Hill will follow Polk's column. General Walker will move via Graysville to the intersection of the Federal or State road;

