
thence with that road to the intersection of the Ringgold and Pea Vine Church road; thence with that road to its intersection with the Summerville road to a point nearly opposite La Fayette; thence turning to the left on the Villanow road to the eastern slope of the ridge; thence turning to the right to Mount Hickory via Subligna. General Buckner will follow General Walker.

II. The Reserve Artillery will be divided between Polk's and Hill's corps, and will move with their columns.

III. General Forrest will, with Dibrell's brigade and such other cavalry as he may deem necessary, move rapidly to the front in advance of Polk's column, leaving a sufficient force to picket the river, and bring up the rear, with all other cavalry marching on different roads, so as to cover all. The detachment of Wheeler's cavalry on picket between the foot of Lookout and Kelley's Ferry will report to and receive orders from the officer commanding the rear cavalry, who will take charge of all detachments.

IV. The supply train will move with the column of General Walker.

V. The troops will carry with them six days' rations.

VI. All men from hospitals and all stores will be immediately sent to the rear. The hospitals as low down as Resaca will be vacated.

By command of General Bragg:

GEORGE WM. BRENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF TENNESSEE

Chattanooga, September 6, 1863.

Lieutenant-General POLK,Commanding Corps:

GENERAL: The general commanding desires that you will place your corps in readiness to move without delay.

I am, general, your obedient servant,

GEORGE WM. BRENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Indorsement.]

Colonel JACK,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

The general desires that you will issue immediately the necessary orders to carry the above into effect.

W. B. RICHMOND,

Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS POLK'S CORPS,September 6, 1863.

Brigadier-General MACKALL,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: I would respectfully inquire if you have any orders for me with regard to the disposition of the sick of my corps, as well as the prisoners,

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

L. POLK,

Lieutenant-General, commanding.

