
entirely uncovered, while the enemy might cross at some point lower down or higher up, and be well in advance on the road to Rome or Atlanta before I could get back, and when I did get back the horses of my command would be in no condition for a vigorous pursuit.

Again, I though if General Rosecrans' army was commencing a vigorous campaign upon us, it was of the first importance that our cavalry should be kept in as good a condition as possible, as it would be indispensable to protect our lines of communication. With these views I consulated General Wharton, Major Lee, of General Bragg's staff, and Captain Steele, formerly engineer of General Bragg's staff,all of whom fully concurred with me in the matter. They all considered that the object of the movement was simply to gain information,and that by making the movement I would not gain any more information than I then had in my possession. They also concurred with me in the opinion that this movement would leave our lines of communication very much exposed as the enemy might easily throw a column of cavalry over the mountain and strike the railroad.

With these views, and strengthened by information received subsequent to the receipt of your dispatch. I deemed it my duty to await further instructions before making the movement. Though I conceive it to be the duty of officers generally to obey orders to the letter, I feel that it is also their duty to carry out the intentions of their commander, even though a departure from the strict letter of the instruction be involved.

Another point which I have not before stated is that all my scouts report all the passes down the mountain so strongly picketed that I would experience great difficulty in fighting my way down, as the encampments of the enemy were so near the foot of the mountain that they could re-enforce heavily before I could reach the bottom.

Trusting my course will meet with the approval of the commanding general.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOS. WHEELER,
HEADQUARTERS FIRST CAVALRY DIVISION,On the Road near Ringgold, Ga., September 6, 1863.

Major-General: The First Brigade of my division left Ringgold for Rome this morning at 8 o'clock; the Second Brigade, General Armstrong, will leave there this evening at 2 o'clock. I shall move on the left-hand road from Ringgold to Rome, leaving La Fayette about 5 miles to my right, and proceeding down the west bank of Oostenaula River.

I send 2 couriers with orders to proceed to your headquarters.

Should you need any assistance write me. Would be glad to know by return couriers of any movement of the enemy. I have ten pieces of artillery with me.

I am, respectfully, your obedient servant,

N. B. FORREST,

Brigadier-General.

