
CHATTANOOGA, September 7, 1863.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

Our latest report represents Burnside at Knoxville. His advance infantry at Loudon and Kingston. His total infantry, 20,000; cavalry, 5,000. It is impossible to detach from here a sufficient force to cope with him. May he not be threatened form Southwest Virginia? Rosecrans is yet beyond the mountains on this side of Tennessee, moving with great caution and threatening our communications.

BRAXTON BRAGG,

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF TENNESSEE,

Chattanooga, Tenn., September 7, 1863.

The movement directed by circular of yesterday will be executed at dark to-night, with the following modifications:

Lieutenant-General Hill's corps will first move. General Polk will follow him as soon as General Hill clears the road. General Hill will notify General Polk of this fact. As soon as General Walker clears the road he will notify General Buckner, who will immediately follow.

Major McMicken, chief quartermaster, is invested with plenary power to take such transportation from any corps of this army for public uses as the exigencies of the service, in his judgment, may require.

By command of General Bragg:

GEORGE WM. BRENT.

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS POLK'S CORPS,

Chattanooga, September 7, 1863.

Major General B. F. CHEATHAM:

The following is announced as the order of march of this corps 1. Cheatham's division in front, Hindman's in rear, moving by brigades, the artillery of each brigade in the center of its brigade.

2. The brigade provost guards will bring up the rear of each brigade. Division provost guards will follow each division, arresting stragglers and keeping the column well up.

3. Regimental, brigade, and division surgeons will follow their respective commands,and are charged with the duty of examining all stragglers and see that none loiter or fall out except those with proper certificates or permits.

4. The ordnance and brigade trains will follow in the rear of their brigades.

5. Chief surgeons of division will detail ambulances from brigades to constitute division ambulance trains, which will follow in the rear of each division, the brigade ambulances being under the control of the chief surgeons. The hour of movement will be indicated to division commanders.

By command of Lieutenant-General Polk:

THOS. M. JACK,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Same to Major General T. C. Hindman.)

