HEADQUARTERS POLK'S CORPS,Chattanooga, September 7, 1863.

Major-General CHEATHAM:

GENERAL: The lieutenant-general commanding directs that you have your wagons loaded and hold your command in readiness to move.

Respectfully, general, your obedient servant,

THOS. M. JACK,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Same to Major-General Hindman.)

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS HILL'S CORPS,

Chattanooga, September 7, 1863-10 a.m.

Promptness is the greatest of military virtues, evincing, as it does zeal, energy, and discipline. The success of arms depends more upon celerity than any one thing else. To insure this quality in the corps, commanders of every grade will remain habitually with their commands and will give their personal attention to every movement.

Rations of bread for six days must be hauled in the wagons and carried in the knapsacks; two days' rations to be cooked up to-day. Sick officers and men and all surplus baggage must be sent off to the rear to-day. Inconsequence of the great scarcity of transportation it will be necessary to make up the deficiency by reduction of headquarters and staff trains.

Division commanders will see that the ordnance and commissary wagons are supplied, even if the luxuries of officers have to be dispensed with.

By command of Lieutenant General D. H. Hill:

ARCHER ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS HILL'S CORPS,

Chattanooga, September 7, 1863.

The corps will march at dark this evening, General Cleburne's division leading. The train of the two divisions will march between them; a battery of artillery will be in advance of the rear brigade of Breckinridge's division and one in the rear of the advance brigade of Cleburne's. General Breckinridge will notify Lieutenant-General Polk when his rear brigade is in motion.

The utmost efforts must be made to prevent the disgraceful practice of straggling. This can only be done by the greatest vigilance on the part of all officers and their habitual presence with the troops.

By command of Lieutenant General D. H. Hill:

ARCHER ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

OOLTEWAH, September 7, 1863.

Colonel G. W. BRENT, Chattanooga:

Colonel Scott met the enemy yesterday evening 4 or 5 miles this side of Sweet Water. They were two regiments strong, supposed to be cavalry; not stated.

