
that I have something over 1,600 good infantry and a battery

of artillery on the way here. The infantry ought to arrive to-morrow evening. I have no information of any movement of the enemy against Cumberland Gap. If any such movement is made it will withdraw the number of troops engaged in it from the force operating against General Bragg. I dispatched to General Frazer to inform me of his force and the condition of his commissariat. Would it not be well to wait till we hear from him before ordering the evacuation of the gap? If Frazer needs commissary stores I can send them to him.

SAM. JONES,

Major-General.

ABINGDON, SEPTEMBER 7, 1863

Major General S. B. BUCKNER

Chattanooga, Tenn.:

Your telegram of yesterday received. I had previously ordered General Fazer to hold Cumberland Gap as long as possible. I hear of no force threatening him, and if he needs subsistence stores I can supply him. Our cavalry was at Jonesbourough yesterday evening. Enemy came to Watauga bridge, but went back toward Knowville. I have re-enforcements on the way here. Should be here to-morrow night. May be able to open communication to Knoxville. Perhaps you did not know condition of things when you telegraphed order in regard to Cumberland Gap. I telegraphed the Secretary of War and am awaiting orders from him before forwarding your orders to Frazer. I would know better what to do if J knew condition of things with you. Telegraph me in regard to them using the cipher if you think proper. Captain Martin has it.

SAM. JONES,

Major-General.

ABINGDON, September 7, 1863

Brigadier General J. S. WILLIAMS,

Zollicoffer:

I sent courier to General Frazer yesterday ordering him to hold Cumberland Gap as long as possible. Am awaiting instructions form Richmond before sending him other orders. If practicable obtain news from along line of the railroad as far as. Knoxville. How many of the enemy came to Jonesborough?

SAM. JONES,

Major-General

ABINGDON, September 7, 1863.

Brigadier General JOHN S. WILLIAMS,

Zollicoffer:

Your telegram received. News gratifying. The Forty-fifth Virginia Regiment coming up, and will be sent to the front as soon as it arrives. The rifles you expected were shipped from Richmond on the 5th instant. The muskets from Saltville can then be sent to you to arm our friends as home guards. Do all in your power to encour-

