
age the loyal people and re-establish confidence. Suppress everything like treasonable organization with severity. I have received advices from Richmond and will not evacuate Cumberland Gap, but do all I can to hold the railroad and important points in East Tennessee. If you can come here to-morrow without detriment to the service, do so; I want to see you.

SAM. JONES,

Major-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE,Numbers 213. Richmond, Va., September 8, 1863

* * * * * * *

XXXII. Brigadier General Howell Cobb is assigned to the duty of organizing at Atlanta the Georgia militia, and such of the local force from that State as have been ordered to that point by His Excellency the Governor of Georgia for service in the Confederate States.

* * * * * * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

JNumbers WITHERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

ATLANTA, September 8, 1863.

Mr. PRESIDENT:

I had the honor to receive your letter of the 24th ultimo when on the point of leaving Morton in obedience to the summons of the Court of Inquiry. It is due to Dr. Yandell to say that his knowledge of my official correspondence during May last was not gained surreptitiously. During that time only a part of my staff, including Dr. Yandell, was with me, and circumstances compelled

me to live with them. Dispatches were read to me by the officer who happened to be nearest and replies were usually dictated by me to him who happened to be nearest, as there was nothing in this correspondence which it seemed to me necessary to conceal from these or the general officers near me. It was repeatedly discussed and referred to, so that those interested learned it thoroughly.

The importance of your opinion of him to every officer will, I hope, justify me to you for writing again on this subject.

J. E. JOHNSTON,

MONTGOMERY, September 8, 1863.

General S. COOPER:

I telegraphed to you on the 6th that General Bragg had desired me to send a detachment for a few days to Atlanta, to save that depot and enable him to frustrate the enemy's plans, and asked if I should do it. No answer. I have put in motion troops guarding Mississippi railroads. Tell me if it is approved; if not, the troops shall be stopped and sent back.

J. E. JOHNSTON,

40 R R-VOL XXX, PT IV

