
Lemore's Cove from Lookout Mountain to Anderson's on this road. In reply to your inquiry, "shall I pursue raids, &amp;c., "I am instructed to say that you will divert no force except to protect our rear.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEORGE WM. BRENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS CREWS' BRIGADE,[September 9, 1863] - 12 p.m.

General WHARTON:

GENERAL: I am just returned from a scout on Lookout Mountain ordered by Colonel Crews, and am directed by him to send you the result of my reconnaissance.

The enemy are in considerable force (presented to be 4,000 or 5,000) at Winston's, in Will's Valley. Davis, McCook, and Johnson are there. They have force also at Price's and Davenport's lower down. Their pickets are on the top of the mountain at the point where the road leading up from Winston's intersects a road running along the brow of the mountain. I encountered them this evening. Davenport's is near Davis' Gap. Winston is said to have taken the oath to-day. These facts are obtained partly from personal observation and partly from refugee citizens whose statements are regarded reliable.

I inclose, by Colonel Crews' direction, the accompanying note* from Lieutenant Farero [?], commanding at Davis' Gap.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN D. ASHTON,

Acting Assistant Inspector-General, Crews' Brigade.

NEAR BASE OF MOUNTAIN, DAVIS' GAP,

September 9, 1863-1.30 p.m

Major REED:

I have just returned from a visit to Little and Big Will's Valleys. The only thing I could learn was that General McCook had arrived in the Big Will's Valley, his headquarters at White Hall. All the force is estimated by men who profess to have seen their whole camp at 40,000. I will be at headquarters and report in person to-morrow. I can tell and show my route on the map.

Very respectfully,

C. A. NICHOLS,

First Lieutenant and Assistant Inspector-General.

ABINGDON, September 9, 1863

Brigadier General JOHN S. WILLIAMS,

Saltville via Glade Spring:

Colonel Love, of Thomas' Legion reports the enemy re-enforcing at Fuller's Depot, this side of Greeneville. Supposed to have eight pieces of artillery. Hurry forward to Jonesborough, leaving directions for your troops to follow as soon as possible.

SAM. JONES,

Major-General.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

