
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. CHALMER'S CAVALRY BRIGADE,

Numbers 64. Grenada, Miss., September 10, 1863.

I. In obedience to General Orders, Numbers 2,. from headquarters Cavalry in Mississippi, this command will he known hereafter as Chalmers' cavalry brigade.

II. The present organization of the troops of this command is abolished, and all reports, estimates,and other official papers from regiments and battalions will be forwarded directly to these headquarters.

III. On account of the reduced numbers of the different regiments, the following commands will act together, in case of an engagement, under command of the senior officer present:

First, Second Regiment Arkansas Cavalry and Third Regiment Mississippi State Cavalry.

Second. Second Regiment Missouri Cavalry and Willis' (Texas) battalion.

Third. Seventh Regiment Tennessee Cavalry and Eighteenth Battalion Mississippi Partisans.

Fourth. First Mississippi Partisans and the battalion under the command of Lieutenant-Colonel Barksdale.

IV. Colonel Stocks' regiment cavalry and Major Chalmers' battalion partisan rangers, having been numbered respectively by the War Department as the Seventh Regiment Tennessee Cavalry and Eighteenth Battalion Mississippi Partisan Rangers, will hereafter be designated accordingly in all official papers.

V. Surgeon's certificates of disability must state the length of time for which the applicant has been unfit for duty by reason of the disability.

VI. All wagons found carrying cotton toward the enemy's lines for trade will be seized, the cotton will be burned, and the wagons and teams confiscated and turned over to the brigade quartermaster.

By order of Brigadier-General Chalmers:

W. A. GOODMAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MONTGOMERY, September 10,. 1863

General BRAGG,

Chattanooga:

I am informed that large re-enforcements are coming to you from Virginia, to begin to arrive in Atlanta on Sunday [13th]. I will then take my troops from that place, as they are much needed in Mississippi. I am confident in you and expect to hear of a great victory soon,and shall rejoice the more that it is yours.

J. E. JOHNSTON,
HEADQUARTERS POLK'S CORPS,Near Snow Hill, September 10, 1863.

Brigadier-General ARMSTRONG:

Commanding Cavalry:

GENERAL: I am directed by Lieutenant-General Polk to request you to give him at the earliest practicable moment further and ac-

