
curate information respecting the reported movement of infantry and cavalry of the enemy in the direction of Ringgold, on Old Federal road. He is ordered to support you in a movement against that column and wishes to hear from you on the subject.*

Respectfully, general, your obedient servant,

[THOS. M. JACK,]

Assistant Adjutant-General.

NEAR SNOW HILL, September 10, 1863

Colonel RUCKER,

Commanding Cavalry:

COLONEL: General Polk instructs me to say to you that he has sent Brigadier-General Jackson's brigade of infantry to the front, reaching, say, 1 1/2 miles from this point. You will put yourself in communication with him and report through him to these headquarters, making your reports as clear and definite as possible as to the developments of the enemy.

Respectfully, colonel, your obedient servant,

THOS. M. JACK,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. HINDMAN'S DIVISION,

Numbers 10. Conley's House, Walker Co., September 10, 1863.

The troops of this command, consisting of Buckner's corps and Hindman's division, will move from this place to-morrow morning at 7 o'clock a.m., for the purpose of attacking the enemy. The column will move in the following order:

First Morgan's, Russell's, and First Louisiana Cavalry, with two pieces of light artillery, to be furnished from the Reserve Artillery, under command of Colonel John T. Morgan.

Second. Major-General Stewart's division with a battery in rear of each brigade.

Third. Brigadier-General Preston's division, with a battery in rear of each brigade.

Fourth. Reserve Artillery.

Fifth. Hindman's division, under command of Brigadier General Patton Anderson, with a battery in rear of each brigade, except the last, which shall have its battery in front.

* * * * * * *

Eighth. The ambulances of the entire command in the order of their brigades, followed by the ordnance-wagons, in order of their divisions, and afterward the baggage-wagons, in like order, under the control of Major Crutchfield, quartermaster of Buckner's corps

Ninth. When the line of battle is formed a reserve composed of a brigade of each division shall be formed, which shall remain under

---------------

*See Armstrong to Jack, September 10, 5 p.m., Part II, p. 73; Armstrong to Brent. September 10, 2.30 p.m., Part II, p. 72; same to same, received September 10, 8.20 p.m., and Woodward to Armstrong, September 10, 5.15 p.m., Part II, p. 73.

---------------

