
DAVIS' GAP ROAD, [September 10 or 11?, 1863]- 3 p.m.

General HINDMAN:

DEAR GENERAL: Yours of 1 p.m. received. Time is precious. The enemy presses from the north. We must unite or both must retire. The enemy in small force in line of battle in our front, and we only wait for your attack.

B. B.

QUARTERMASTER'S DEPARTMENT, STEWART'S DIVISION,

Rock Spring, September 10, 1863-4.30 p.m

Major R. A. HATCHER,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: I have just been informed that General Pegram has been skirmishing with the enemy this morning at Graysville, and that General P. is falling back in this direction. His wagon train has just passed here, but I was not able to learn to what point they were understand, is in command of a regiment left here to protect these trains, but think he is some 3 miles distant, at or near General Preston's late camping-ground. I send this for the information of the general, and shall wait for orders unless I am sure of sudden danger.

Very respectfully,

B. P. ROY,

Acting Chief Quartermaster, Stewart's Division,
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF TENNESSEE,In Field, Gordon's Mills, September 10, 1863-10.30 a.m.

Major-General WHEELER,

Commanding Cavalry Corps:

GENERAL: Colonel Avery, in his communication of 8 p.m. of yesterday, states that he has fallen back to a point on the Rome road, 25 miles from that place, 7 miles from Alpine, and 7 miles from Summerville, and that he was forced back by superior numbers of the enemy. He reports the enemy moving in heavy force toward La Fayette with cavalry, infantry, and artillery; and also with both infantry and cavalry toward Rome, on his left.

The general commanding desires that you will immediately, with such of your forces as you can command, leaving enough to guard the front and left of General Hill, move rapidly on the Summerville road for the purpose of discovering the designed, movements, strength, and position of the enemy. You will throw out your scouts on the Alpine and La Fayette roads for the same purpose. You will also closely reconnoiter to the left to ascertain if the enemy is moving toward Rome.

The General is of opinion that your picket force might be reduced, and thus increase your fighting force.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEORGE WM. BRENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

