SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF TENNESSEE,Numbers 241. Gordon's Mills, September 10, 1863

* * * * * * *

II. A depot for army supplies will be established at Resaca. One-half of ordnance stores in depot will be sent to Atlanta.

* * * * * * *

By command of General Bragg:

GEORGE WM. BRENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. CAVALRY IN MISSISSIPPI,

Numbers 5. Canton, September 11, 1863

I. Captain J. Clark is announced as chief of ordnance of the Cavalry in Mississippi, and he will be obeyed and respected accordingly. All papers, &amp;c., appertaining to the ordnance department will be sent to him.

II. All captains of unattached companies of cavalry in Mississippi and East Louisiana will at once report their whereabouts, where mustered into service, and on what duty now; and all paymasters are directed to furnish this office with names of any unattached companies they may pay.

III. The organizations of the following Mississippi State troops, viz, First Regiment, reorganized under Brigadier-General George; Second, Lieutenant-Colonel Lowry; Third, Colonel McGuirk; Ham's battalion, Davenport's battalion; Captains Weatheral's, Perry's and Herden's unattached companies; Perrin's battalion, and Hartin's, Red's, Hall's, Saunders', and Brookten's companies, organized under a call of General J. E. Johnston, and now in service, are not to be interfered with,and the conscripts now in them, by direction of the President, are to remain till the term of service of these troops has expired. The above State troops, by an understanding with the Governor, and Lieutenant-General Pemberton's orders about them, are under the orders of the Confederate authorities,being paid and rationed by the Confederate States. Brigadier-General Ferguson and Brigadier General J. R. Chalmers will at once personally assume command of the above troops in their vicinity, as marked by the recent district lines, and have the State rolls verified by a Confederate officer; no addition whatever will be allowed to the rolls. Every effort will at once be made to render these troops efficient, and their status made known to them, so that there can be no misunderstanding in the matter.

IV. All conscripts, stragglers, deserters, and paroled prisoners will be seized wherever found and turned over to the conscript officers.

By command of Major General S. D. Lee:

G. W. HOLT,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

ATLANTA, GA., September 11, 1863.

General W. W. MACKALL, Chief of Staff:

Generals McNair and Gregg have arrived here with about 3,000 men, with no further orders. I dispatch for the information of the general commanding.

M. H. WRIGHT,

Colonel, Commanding.

