SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS,Numbers 72. La Fayette, Ga., September 11, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel C. G. Rogers, Provisional Army, C. S.,. having been ordered by the War Department to report to these headquarters for duty, in assigned to command of Elite Battalion.

By order of Major General Joseph Wheeler:

E. S. BURFORD,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS,One Mile from Davis' Cross-Roads,

September 11, 1863-2.45 p.m

General W. W. MACKALL, Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: Since my last dispatch I have received certain information that a large force of the enemy moved from Stevens' Gap toward Davis' Cross-Roads last night and this morning. The strength of this force is put by citizens at 11,000. I have previously reported a similar movement of a considerable force.

My information is still imperfect as to the strength of the enemy on the road to Dug Gap, but I believe it superior to mine. In this opinion Generals Buckner and Anderson concur, and they also agree with me that any farther advance would be imprudent. Our judgment is influenced also by the apprehension that our rear is insecure upon information derived from you. I shall therefore retire by Catlett's Gap to La Fayette. The orders are now given.

Very respectfully,

T. C. HINDMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, NEAR TRION FACTORY,Summerville and La Fayette Road,

September 11, 1863-7.30 p.m.

Lieutenant General D. H. HILL, Commanding Corps:

GENERAL: After having ascertained that the force of the enemy reported to have gone toward Rome had not crossed the Coosa River or gone toward Rome, but had only crossed a short distance over Chattanooga River, I returned to this point.

I left a picket at Dirt Town and one on the Melville and Rome road south of the Chattanooga River with orders should they be pressed by the enemy to fall back on Rome, reporting to me and also to the commanding officer at Rome. I now have seven regiments of General Wharton's command with me, diminished, however, by various scouts, pickets, and other details. I have several scouts in among the enemy this side of the mountain. The scouts I sent out during last night had orders to report direct to you.

This evening the enemy's cavalry was 4 miles the other side of Summerville. Scouts sent to Neal's Gap have not yet reported to me. As I do not know anything about the movements of our army, I shall have to depend upon you for such instructions as you see proper.

Very respectfully, general, your obedient servant,

JOS. WHEELER,

Major-General.

