
DUBLIN, September 11, 1863.

Colonel J. GORGAS

Chief of Ordnance, Richmond:

Can't you send to Dublin 20,000 rounds caliber .58, 20,000 caliber .54, rifle ammunition; 300 rounds assorted ammunition for 12-pounder Napoleon guns? I will send the requisition with the necessary information to cover the issue. The necessity is very urgent.

T. M. BOWYER,

Major, Chief of Ordnance, Dept. of Western Virginia.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WESTERN VIRGINIA,Abingdon, September 11, 1863.,

Brigadier General JOHN S. WILLIAMS,

Commanding, &amp;c., Jonesborough:

GENERAL: The enemy's force investing Cumberland Gap is reported to be but six regiments, four on the Tennessee and two on the Kentucky side, all mounted infantry. Colonel Carter informs me by letter, dated yesterday morning, that he would immediately move from the vicinity of Lee Court-House (Jonesville) with his regiment, about 600 strong, to attack the enemy. It is very desirable that Cumberland Gap should be relieved,and if there is no larger force in front of it than is reported, I think we can do it. I doubt if there is a large force of the enemy at or this side of Knoxville. Burnside has probably joined Rosecrans with the main body of his force. Feel the enemy in front of Jonesborough, and, if practicable, drive him off and press on to Morristown. If you can reach that point, move with all your available force, leaving strong guards at road bridges by Bean's Station,and attack the enemy in rear at Cumberland Gap. If the enemy is too strong in front of Jonesborough, and that you can only ascertain by attacking him vigorously, leave Brigadier-General Jackson to hold him in check, and move with all your other available force, by the most practicable route, toward Cumberland Gap, and attack the enemy. Your force and Colonel Carter's ought, I think, either to whip the enemy or so harass and embarrass him as to force him to retire. The enemy's regiments are reported to be small.

SAM. JONES,

Major-General.

ABINGDON, September 11, 1863.

Brigadier General JOHN S. WILLIAMS,

Commanding, &c., Jonesborough:

GENERAL: Since writing to you this morning I received a dispatch from colonel Carter, commanding First Tennessee Regiment Cavalry, near Lee Court-House, informing me that Cumberland Gap had capitulated on the afternoon of the 9th instant. He got his information through some officers who said they had escaped after the place had surrendered. I hope that they were deserters and that the report is not true. General Frazer had a supply of provisions and was ordered to hold the place. If it is true it will so far modify my instructions to you of this morning as to remove the object of your movement to Cumberland Gap; it will not affect my other instruc-

