
tions. I wish you as soon as possible to feel the enemy in your front, and, if possible, drive him back. No time should be lost.

I send you by the train this evening Mr. Sanderson, telegraphic operator at this place, who is provided with a field instrument. I wish him to accompany you as far as you go. Communicate with me freely. I will give you all the information that I may receive calculated to affect your movements. Major Cooke, of my staff, will report to and remain with you until further orders.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

SAM. JONES,

Major-General.

ABINGDON, September 11, 1863.

Captain J. F. KENT,

Wytheville:

I have telegraphed the commander of the battery to stop at Wytheville and aid the home guards in protecting the place. Information received from other sources represents the Yankee force in Tazenwell as only 300 or 400. The home guards, aided by a battery, can, I hope, drive them off. I will have a regiment of infantry at Glade Spring in an hour, and will use it to meet the raiders at the point they may attack.

SAM. JONES.

Major-General.

CIRCULAR.] HDQRS. CHALMER'S CAVALRY BRIGADE,

Grenada, September 12, 1863.

The troops of this command will move at 7 a.m. to-morrow to Abbeville in the following order: First, Willis' battalion; second, Third Regiment Mississippi State Cavalry; third, Second Arkansas with rifled gun; fourth, Seventh Regiment Tennessee Cavalry; fifth, battalion under Lieutenant-Colonel Barksdale; sixth, First Regiment Mississippi Partisan. They will be provided with cooked rations-for one day, and will take seven days' rations of breadstuffs in their wagons. The commissaries will drive a sufficient number of beef-cattle to furnish rations for seven days.

They will encamp for the first night on Turkey Creek, and for the second night near Morrow's Gin, 7 miles south of Oxford. The proper officers will be sent in advance to procure forage, &c.

By order of Brigadier-General Chalmers:

W. A. GOODMAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

NEW ALBANY, September 12, 1863.

General CHALMERS:

I am moving with my command toward Ripley. Shall remain up there until driven out or convinced I can accomplish nothing. My movement will probably draw off a portion of the forces opposed to you. Please look out for my left flank and assist me if they come too strong in that direction.

S. W. FERGUSON,

Brigadier-General.

