
three batteries on which I can rely. This includes the troops at Saltville. General Preston left but one regiment (Colonel Giltner's) here. General Jackson's brigade reported 1,300 strong, is, I am informed, utterly unreliable. The enemy are reported in strong force between Greenville and Knoxville, and I believe Cumberland Gap has capitulated. If the enemy operates with vigor I cannot hold any part of East Tennessee, and cannot answer for the safety of the saltworks unless re-enforcements are sent me. I beg they may be sent.

SAM. JONES,

MONTGOMERY, September 13, 1863.

General BRAGG,

Chickamauga:

The Virginia troops are reported arriving in Atlanta. McNair's and Gregg's brigades are therefore, I suppose, no longer required; please send them back, therefore.

J. E. J.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS POLK'S CORPS,

Rock Spring Church, September 13, 1863-7 a.m.

The lieutenant-general commanding announces his intention of making the attack so soon as the division commanders are ready for it. The moment they are ready they will notify him of the fact. The attack will begin on left wing.

By command of Lieutenant-General Polk:

[THOS. M. JACK.]

Assistant Adjutant-General.

ORDERS.] SEPTEMBER 13, 1863-8.30 a.m.

Major-Generals Cheatham, Hindman, and Waker will push forward a brigade each on the Gordon's Mills, Pea Vine, and Ringgold roads respectively, following the cavalry, in order to develop the enemy.

[THOS. M. JACK,]

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS POLK'S CORPS,Rock Spring Church, September 13, 1863.

Major-General WALKER:

GENERAL: General Polk has ordered his corps commissary to draw and cook two days' rations for his corps to-morrow at La Fayette, having them ready to be brought out here or used there (in case we move back), as occasion may require. He learns that your rations will also be out to-morrow night, and suggests that it may be well for you to adopt the same course. Details for the purpose might be made from teamsters and others in camp.

Respectfully, general, your obedient servant,

[THOS. M. JACK.]

Assistant Adjutant-General.

