
general, all the officers of the staff departments of this army. All staff officers of the army will communicate through him with their subordinates at that place. He will also regulate the running of the railroad trains between Atlanta and the northern terminus of the road. All abuses and irregularities in the matters above stated which may exist he will promptly correct.
* * * * * * *

By command of General Bragg:

GEORGE WM. BRENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Copy to Lieutenant col. H. Oladowski, Chief of Ordnance.)

[SEPTEMBER 14, 1863.]

DEAR JACK: Send me, if you please, copy of the letter of General Polk stating that his general officers agreed with him that it was well to assemble the army at Rock Spring. It was dated 12th at night. I have mislaid original.

Yours, truly,

W. W. MACKALL,

ORDERS.] HEADQUARTERS POLK'S CORPS,

Rock Spring Church, September 14, 1863-9 a.m.

Major-General Walker will proceed to move his troops at 10 o'clock to La Fayette by the Ringgold and La Fayette road.

Major-Generals Cheatham and Hindman will proceed to move with their commands to La Fayette at 10 o'clock.

By command of Lieutenant-General Polk:

[THOS. M. JACK,]

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS NINTH KENTUCKY CAVALRY,Guntersville, September 14, 1863.

Major E. S. BURFORD,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Summerville:

MAJOR: I have two different reports from Huntsville, both from very reliable sources. Mr. Coltart, of Huntsville, estimates that at least 20,000 Federals belonging to General Grant's army have passed through Huntsville en route to Stevenson, and they reported that 60,000 of Grant's army were on the march to General Rosecrans. Per contra, Adjutant Bradford, on duty here with me, was in Huntsville on Thursday last. His report is that not over 15,000 in all have passed through Huntsville, none belonging to Grant's army. From other information I have received I am inclined to believe Adjutant Bradford's report, but give you both reports for what they are worth. All the enemy that do pass through Huntsville move on immediately to Stevenson.

I am, very truly, yours, &amp;c.,.

W. C. P. BRECKINRIDGE,

Colonel Ninth Kentucky Cavalry.

