
MIDDLE TENNESSEE, September 14, 1863.

Major E. F. FALCONNET:

DEAR SIR: Nearly all of Granger's Reserve Corps has gone forward, leaving at Nashville about 800 effective men; one regiment scattered along the railroad between that place and Murfreesborough to protect the bridges, &amp;c.,; two regiment at Murfreesborough;; a part of a regiment about Shelbyville; two companies only at Franklin, and at Columbia three small regiments, numbering about 750. Those at Columbia are expected to move forward, as they are taking everything in the shape of a horse or mule to mount them. On regiment is cavalry and the others infantry, nearly all mounted.

There is a fine field of operations here for a brigade of cavalry. Any interference with the Nashville and Chattanooga Railroad at this time would materially damage or interfere with their calculations.

Please be kind enough to advise the commanders of our cavalry of my report, which may be relied on as correct. Do me the favor to forward with all possible speed the package for Colonel McKinstry.

The Federals report themselves in Will's Valley, but I hope there is an opening to get dispatches through to our army.

I am, with high regard, your obedient servant,

E. COLEMAN,

Captain.

I am sorry I have no duplicate papers to forward to you.

ATLANTA, GA., September 14, 1863.

General ROBERTSON,

Commanding Brigade:

I have the honor to inform you that General Bragg directs that all troops arriving at this place be forwarded at once to Resaca, Ga. A train will be ready at 11 o'clock this a.m. Having given this notice, I beg to request that you will please acknowledge receipt, and let me know if your brigade can be at the depot by time.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. H. WRIGHT,

Colonel, Commanding.

P. S.-General Benning said in my office this morning that you had agreed to go on-an arrangement between the general and yourself; hence this notice to you.

M. H. W.

JONESBOROUGH, September 14, 1863.

General S. COOPER:

This part of East Tennessee was left even more defenseless than I had supposed. Brigadier-General Jackson has less than 800, and they are represented as utterly unreliable. The whole force in this vicinity is less than 2,800. Pickets skirmishing yesterday and to-day. The enemy reported advancing from Cumberland Gap toward Saltville; report not authentic. I cannot with safety spare any troops from that important point at present.

SAM. JONES,

Major-General.

