
General French. I shall be compelled to send his only remaining brigade to Mobile when threatened. It is necessary to keep our small infantry force east of Pearl River.

J. E. JOHNSTON,

MONTGOMERY,

September 16, 1863.

Lieutenant General W. J. HARDEE:

I leave for Mississippi to-morrow morning.

J. E. JOHNSTON.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY IN MISSISSIPPI,Canton, September 16, 1863.

Brigadier General J. R. CHALMERS,

Commanding Cavalry Brigade, Grenada, Miss.:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs me to say that at the time Captain Taylor's company was detached from First [Seventh] Tennessee Regiment, the organization of that regiment was an eleven-company organization, and as the detachment was considered as a permanent one, and an eleven-company organization for a regiment was not known in the Confederate Army, Captain Taylor is not in the line of promotion, and therefore the senior captain of the regiment is entitled to it.

In distributing the arms sent you care will be taken to see that companies should be furnished with guns of a uniform caliber, and the same rule should be extended with the regiments if possible. The guns taken from the men in exchange for the new ones must be turned over to your ordnance officer to be distributed to new companies and dismounted men until their places an be supplied by cavalry arms, which are daily expected.

Your request to have Colonel Slemons ordered to Arkansas is approved by the major-general commanding, and you will issue the order accordingly. You are authorized to discriminate in the matter of seizing the cotton and wagons of persons carrying the cotton into the enemy's lines, the discriminations being in favor of those persons known to be perfectly loyal, and who are carrying it in to procure the necessities of life.

The major-general commanding directs that you will use your own discretion in moving against the enemy without waiting for oders from him, but at the same time being careful to notify General Ferguson of your movements so that he can support you. He desires that you will not make any extensive movements at present, but at the same time if a good opportunity offer itself you will strike at once.

The two companies, Captains Middleton's and McCain's, now attached to Major Chalmers' battalion, are not considered as a portion of General George's regiment.

The following telegram has been received from the War Department in regard to Major A. H. Chalmers:

Major A. H. Chalmers may increase his battalion to a regiment with companies formed of men not liable for enrollment for the Confederate Army.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

