
[SEPTEMBER 16, 1863.]

[GENERAL HINDMAN:]

Major Caswell reports that he believes the enemy is moving in force to our right. He says he knows the artillery is moving in that direction, and believes their main body of infantry, sharpshooters included, are moving in that direction too. Their fire has slackened and almost ceased on our left.

ALEX. P. STEWART,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS BUCKNER'S CORPS,September 16, 1863.

Major-General STEWART:

GENERAL: General Buckner desires you have your command ready in all respects for the march as we may move at an early hour to-morrow morning.

I am, general, your obedient servant,

W. F. MASTIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS BUCKNER'S CORPS,

Numbers -. La Fayette, September 16, 1863.

This corps will move at 5 o'clock to-morrow morning, right in front, in the following order: First, Stewart's division, sappers and miners with the advance guard; second, Reserve Artillery; third, Preston's Division; fourth, ordnance train; fifth, supply train; sixth, baggage train; seventh, one regiment infantry and section of artillery as rear guard, from Brigadier-General Preston's division. The brigade batteries will move in the center of their brigades, and the ambulances at the rear of their respective regiments. Division inspectors-general will report to these headquarters at 8 o'clock to-night for further instructions.

By command of Major-General Buckner:

W. F. MASTIN

Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Copy to Major General A. P. Stewart, commanding division.)

ZOLLICOFFER, September 16, 1863.

President DAVIS:

The indications in front of Jonesborough yesterday were such that I did not think it necessary to withdraw to the lines of the Watauga and Holston, being reluctant to yield any more ground.

I have tolerably reliable information that the main body of the enemy's force left Cumberland Gap on the 11th. Do not know where they went. There are indications that it is coming by Rogersville toward Blountsville. If so, I must retire from Jonesborough. From two to four regiments of infantry reported as occupying Cumberland Gap.

