
General Corse telegraphed me from Bonsack's this morning that his orders from General Pickett were to go to Wytheville, and if the reports of the enemy's advance were false to return without further orders to Petersburg. Is that your intention? I had ordered him here. If he can be spared it is important to retain him here. I cannot withdraw any more troops from Lewisburg or Princeton without exposing the Virginia and Tennessee Railroad. I left Jenkins' cavalry brigade on the Staunton and Parkersburg turnpike near Monterey. Can I withdraw it with safety to Staunton? I have information from several officers who left Cumberland Gap after the surrender. Will forward their reports.

SAM. JONES,

Major-General.

RICHMOND, September 16, 1863.

General SAM. JONES,

Zollicoffer:

The purpose was to re-enforce you if you needed it, but should it be found unnecessary, then that the brigade should return from the first point at which the fact was discovered. Your report indicates your want, and the brigade will move to such position as you may order, and act as a part of your command until relieved by further instructions from the War Department.

JEFF'N DAVIS.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF WESTERN VIRGINIA AND EAST TENN.,Zollicoffer, Tenn., September 16, 1863.

Brigadier General JOHN S. WILLIAMS,

Jonesborough:

Make to-night the move that was to have been made last night unless you feel confident of your ability to whip the enemy and hold your position. I have ordered up immediately Corse's brigade and the Otey battery. Nearly all of Burnside's troops left Cumberland Gap last Friday evening, going toward Knoxville. They are probably in front of you.

SAM. JONES,

Major-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. CAVALRY IN MISSISSIPPI,Numbers 13. Canton, September 17, 1863.

I. Captains Stowe and Roff, with their companies of cavalry, having reported to these headquarters, in pursuance to Special Orders, Numbers --, from department headquarters at Enterprise, September 14, 1863, will proceed to Grenada, Miss., and report to Brigadier General J. R. Chalmers, to be assigned to duty in Waul's Legion (Texas) Cavalry.

* * * * * * *

By command of Major General S. D. Lee:

G. W. HOLT,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

