HEADQUARTERS POLK'S CORPS,La Fayette, September 17, 1863-12 m.

Major-General CHEATHAM:

GENERAL: The lieutenant-general commanding directs that when you receive orders to resume the march which was suspended this morning, your order your baggage trains to move on the Dalton road which passes out by General Hill's headquarters. They will be reported on that road to Major R. M. Mason, corps quartermaster, at the point on that road nearest these headquarters. Major Mason will then take charge of them and move them via Lowrie's over Taylor's Ridge to Gordon's Spring, at or near which he will park them subject to orders.

You will direct your division commissary to have his droves of beeves, &amp;c., sent along with the baggage trains, with instructions to have them herded in suitable pastures within from 2 to 8 miles of the springs.

The commissary-general of the army will issue rations to your division at Gordon's Spring. You will take measures to have these rations, when issued, cooked at the springs and sent forward inn wagons to your troops in the field, wherever they may be found.

Respectfully, general, your obedient servant,

[THOS. M. JACK,]

Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Same to Major-General Hindman.)

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS POLK'S CORPS,

La Fayette, September 17, 1863-12.10 p.m.

Division commanders will resume the march which was suspended this morning so soon as the roads are clear, sending their wagon trains to Gordon's Spring as directed.

By command of Lieutenant-General Polk:

[THOS. M. JACK,]
HEADQUARTERS POLK'S CORPS,La Fayette, September 17, 1863.

Major R. M. MASON,

Assistant Quartermaster:

MAJOR: You ar directed by the lieutenant-general commanding to take charge of the baggage trains of the corps on the Dalton road at the point nearest these headquarters where they will be reported to you,and move them via Lowrie's over Taylor's Ridge to Gordon's Spring, at or near which you will have them parked and held subject to orders.

Respectfully, major, your obedient servant,

[THOS. M. JACK,]

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS HILL'S CORPS,

Numbers 48. La Fayette, Ga., September 17, 1863.

Most of our disasters have been the result of a want of promptness. We must make up by the celerity of movement what we lack

