HEADQUARTERS HILL'S CORPS,Anderson's House, September 18, 1863-9 p.m.

Lieutenant-General POLK:

GENERAL: Owen's Ford was abandoned by the cavalry, and the enemy have crossed there, General Adams thinks in heavy force. They will probably attack me in the morning. Please let me know whether you have crossed Chickamauga with your whole corps. By morning the Yankees will be massed either on our right or left; most likely on the left.

Very respectfully,

D. H. HILL,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS HINDMAN'S DIVISION, POLK'S CORPS,Lawrence Spring, intersection of Valley Road and Road from Worthen's Store to Dr. Anderson's, September 18, 1863-8.15 a.m.

[Colonel T. M. JACK:]

COLONEL: Robertson's Reserve Artillery did not get up to this point last night. A courier was sent back soon after our arrival here to conduct him to this point. The courier returned just before day without having found Major Robertson or his artillery. Another was immediately dispatched with note to Major Robertson instructed to return as far as La Fayette, ordering Major R. to follow on and join the division at the earliest moment. I fear that Major Robertson failed to get his orders to move yesterday evening, though I instructed General Hindman's assistant adjutant-general to send him a copy of the moving order.

The head of my column is now in motion under orders of this date. Please give me instructions as to Robertson's Reserve Artillery. I do not know what to do with it even if it were here.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

PATTON ANDERSON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS POLK'S CORPS,Near Rock Spring, September 18, 1863-9 a.m.

Brigadier-General ANDERSON,

Commanding Hindman's Division:

GENERAL: Your dispatch respecting Robertson's artillery received. Should you succeed in finding Major Robertson, the lieutenant-general desires you to order him to follow Cheatham's column from Rock Spring Church down the Long Hollow road, sending a guide to direct him, if practicable. He has no reason to know that any other orders have been given Major Robertson, but has written to army headquarters to ascertain.

Respectfully, general, your obedient servant,

[THOS. M. JACK,]

Assistant Adjutant-General.

