
Georgia brigade now commanded by General Barton in Stevenson's division. As soon as your presence can be spared from the duties in which you are now engaged you will proceed to Atlanta and report. Communicate with General Hardee, and ask him if he cannot send and officer to Demopolis to relieve you.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

DEMOPOLIS, ALA.,

September 19, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel T. B. ROY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.:

COLONEL: Your favor of the 17th instant was received yesterday. In reply, I have the honor to state that on the 6th or 7th instant i received a telegram from Major James M. Kennard, as follows:

Show this to Lieutenant Robbins, ordnance officer, who is already ordered to arm your brigade with Enfield rifles and equip it on your requisition.

On the 8th or 9th instant I showed this telegram to Lieutenant Robbins, who informed me that he had received no such order. I furnished him a copy of the telegram, and he immediately wrote Major Kennard in relation thereto, inquiring how the order to him had been sent, by mail or telegraph, and then received in answer Major Kennard's order. Lieutenant Robbins, not having the accouterments on hand, had to draw them from Captain Cooper, ordnance officer at this place. I furnished Lieutenant Robbins my requisition, and commenced selecting them on the 16th, and now have my own brigade, First Brigade Missouri Volunteers, fully armed and supplied with canteens, haversacks, and knapsacks, and will finish the division to-day, that is, the Second Brigade, now commanded by Colonel E. Gates.

On the 13th instant I received Lieutenant-General Hardee's notice of exchange by telegraph.

On the 17th instant I received Lieutenant-General Hardee's telegram as follows:

Supply your brigade at once with and accouterments. Report when these are accomplished.

I had already attended to this when I received the above telegram, and was drawing arms and accouterments at the time. I would have reported to-day.

To-day I will have the division fully supplied with most excellent new Enfield rifles complete, and fair accouterments, canteens, haversacks, and knapsacks, and 40 rounds of ammunition to each gun.

I have been wholly unable to procure any artillery as yet. I can get none here, and have not been able to ascertain where I can get guns, caissons, &amp;c., to outfit two or three artillery companies. I have five artillery companies in this division, three in my own brigade and two in the Second Brigade. I desire either a 6-gun battery or two 4-gun batteries in my own brigade, and a 4 or 6-gun battery for the Second Brigade. I would prefer to have a 4-gun battery to each company, if they can be recruited by means applied for in my application to the Secretary of War, and thus keep the company organizations distinct and separate.

