HEADQUARTERS POST, Bridgeport, Ala., October 3, 1863-10 a.m.

Brigadier-General GARFIELD,Chief of Staff, Chattanooga, Tenn.:

GENERAL: A communication addressed to commanding officer at Battle Creek, inquiring of force ordered to move up Sequatchie Valley, has just been received at these headquarters. It was sent here by the commanding officer at Battle Creek, as he was unable to give fully the information required. I have the honor to report that Colonel McCook, with one brigade of his division, moved from here about 2 o'clock p.m. Thursday; two regiments of infantry from here and one regiment and a section of Edgarton's battery at Battle Creek moved from the latter point about 4 o'clock p.m. Thursday. The infantry and artillery were ordered to report to ColonelEd. McCook at Jasper. I understand they moved on from Jasper early yesterday morning. Another regiment of infantry moved from this point about 8 o'clock Thursday night, with orders to proceed to Jasper with all possible dispatch and report there to the commanding officer of the detachment that moved at 4 p.m. They should have reached Jasper early yesterday morning.

The second brigade of Colonel McCook's cavalry division passed through here en route to Anderson yesterday, October 2, about 4 o'clock. Colonel Campbell explained as the cause of his delay that he did not receive the order to move until 10 o'clock yesterday morning. I cannot ascertain definitely whether any train was destroyed or not, or where the forces sent from here now are. They have certainly moved from Jasper.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. F. SMITH,

Colonel, Commanding Post.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND, Chattanooga, Tenn., October 3, 1863.

Colonel ATKINS,Ninety-second Illinois Volunteer Infantry:

The major-general commanding the department directs that you immediately proceed with your command to report to Colonel Daniel McCook, at Horse Ferry, mouth Chickamauga.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. McMICHAEL,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND, Chattanooga, Tenn., October 3, 1863.

Colonel DANIEL McCOOK:

The general commanding directs that you instruct Colonel Atkins, Ninety-second Illinois, to patrol the river thoroughly in his vicinity.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,WM. McMICHAEL,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

