
thinks he saw between 400 and 500 of the enemy moving from the direction of Bristol toward Blountsville. It can hardly be that they have divided their force at Bristol, if, as reported, going to Abingdon and Saltville. It may be that their object was simply to cut the railroad in my rear, and having accomplished that they are returning to join the main body in my front; or they may desire to ascertain my force here, and for that purpose may move on that point. Keep your cavalry between here and Bristol and near the latter place; or you could watch their movements and ascertain their numbers. If they move in this direction hold them in check as long as possible. There are many points on the road between here and Bristol from which sharpshooters can greatly annoy them. If they move toward Jonesborough hang upon their flank and near and harass them as much as possible. Report to me fully and frequently.

Do not allow yourself to be cut off.

SAM. JONES,

Major-General.

MERIDIAN, September 20, 1863.

Brigadier-General LAWTON,

Quartermaster-General, Richmond:

Have I any control over the purchasing quartermasters in this department, or are they exclusively under yours?

J. E. JOHNSTON,

MERIDIAN, September 20, 1863.

Colonel L. B. NORTHROP,

Richmond:

Have I any control of the purchasing commissaries in this department or are they under yours exclusively? The commanding officer of the Department of Alabama is compelled to draw upon this army for subsistence.

J. E. JOHNSTON.

MERIDIAN, September 20, 1863.

Colonel J. GORGAS,

Richmond:

The exchanged prisoners in Alabama and Mississippi want arms.

How can they be supplied? I replied to your dispatch about Lieutenant-Colonel Brown. I don't know him, but will gladly take your selection. Have had no reply.

J. E. JOHNSTON,
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY IN MISSISSIPPI,Canton, September 20, 1863.

Lieutenant-General HARDEE or JOHNSTON

Enterprise, Miss.:

GENERAL: From all the information I can get, I believe the force at Memphis and on the Charleston and Memphis Railroad is very

43 R R-VOL XXX, PT IV

