
MISSIONARY RIDGE,

On the Point opposite, South of Rossville,

September 21, 1863-11.30 a.m. *

Lieutenant-General POLK:

GENERAL: I am on the point as designated, where I can observe the whole of the valley. They are evidently fortifying, as I can distinctly hear the sound of axes in great numbers.

The appearance is still as in last dispatch, that he is hurrying on toward Chattanooga. He is cutting timber on the point of this ridge.

I have just captured a captain and 2 privates who were acting as a part of a corps observes. He (the captain) reports that a number of forces passed up the road toward Chattanooga, but does not know who, or what their numbers. They passed up about 5 p.m. yesterday.

N. B. FORREST,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY,In Field, September 20, 1863.-5 p.m.

Major-General WHEELER:

GENERAL: Your dispatch Numbers 66 just received. The tidings from all parts of the field cheering. Enemy has been driven back from all parts. We have twenty-two pieces of artillery from the enemy.

Longstreet is now engaged warmly on the left pressing the enemy back. We dispatched you about 2 o'clock to attack the enemy at Gordon's Mills. His force there must be [sic].

Respectfully.

GEORGE WM. BRENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

BATTLE-FIELD, September 20, 1863-5.09 p.m.

General WHEELER:

Lieutenant-General Longstreet orders you to proceed down the road toward the enemy's right, and with your artillery endeavor to enfilade his line, with celerity.

By order of Lieutenant-General Longstreet:

THOS. CLAIBORNE,

Lieutenant Colonel, Cavalry.

ATLANTA, GA., September 20, 1863.

Colonel GEORGE W. BRENT,

Asst. Adjt. General, Army Headquarters, via Dalton:

Jenkins' brigade, 2,000 men, left here this evening.

M. H. WRIGHT.

DUBLIN, September 20, 1863.

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON, Secretary of War:

Bristol reported burned last night. Wharton telegraphed at 1 o'clock a.m. that he then though the forces at Bristol would oper-

---------------

* In proper sequence this dispatch should appear on p. 681

---------------

