
ate immediately against General Jones at or near Zollicoffer; combined attack to be thus made on his front and rear by greatly superior force. If successful in this move, Wharton could by no possibility hold Saltville. Have therefore ordered the Sixtieth Virginia Regiment to him, and will send all home guards on the line of road expect from this county, who are ready to repel a raid. Wharton unable to communicate with General Jones yet. Have directed him to do so at all hazards by intelligent men, and arrange to assist him by diversion against force is his rear if practicable. The road from Saltville to New River in great danger if Scammon advances. If cut, the consequences to General Jones and Wharton will be disastrous. Will use all energy to prepare for this move. Something must be hazarded with so long a line and so few troops. The concentration of troops at Saltville leaves the line from that point to Rocky Gap open; last gap 21 miles west of the Narrows. If Scammon delays an advance six days, will have one regiment of Jenkin's cavalry at Little Levels, Pocahontas, one with McCausland, and one with Echols. I deem it my duty to keep you thus fully informed.

CHAS. S. STRINGFELLOW,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Indorsement.]

SEPTEMBER 20, 1863.

Your dispatch to Secretary of War of this date received. Continue to keep the Department early advised of affairs and movements.

S. C.

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A.

Richmond, September 20, 1863.,

CHARLES S. STRINGFELLOW,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Dublin, Va.,:

Authorize Wharton, if on the information he has from you or others he deems it judicious, to advance to the aid of General Jones, leaving a small guard only at Saltville. Can you not forward some local troops to aid in defending the salt-works?

JAS. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

DUBLIN, September 20, 1863.,

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War:

Will send all the home guards on line of road, except from this county, to Saltville. They go to-morrow; will reach there Tuesday morning, perhaps 700 or 800 in all.

CHAS. S. STRINGFELLOW,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WESTERN VIRGINIA.

Dublin, September 20, 1863.

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War:

Our scouts entered Bristol to-day. Enemy left at 12 o'clock last night, declaring their intention to attack General Jones. Heavy

