
EMPLOYES OF QUARTERMASTERS AND THEIR COMPENSATION.

To limit the number of employes in this department and their compensation, all officers thereof will be careful to conform to the following rules:

To troops in the field the allowance shall be:

First. To each regimental or battalion quartermaster, in addition to the quartermaster's sergeant, 1 wagon-master, and when the same shall be necessary 1 clerk, both to be detailed from the command.

Second. To each brigade quartermaster or quartermaster attached to a division, 1 wagon-master, and when the same shall be necessary 1 clerk, both to be detailed from the command.

Third. To all commissary, ordnance, and quartermasters' trains, 1 wagon-master for every ten teams, either hired or detailed, and if hired, wages not to exceed $50 a month. When these trains exceed in number fifty teams, a superintending wagon-master for the whole will be allowed, at a compensation not to exceed $75 month.

STATIONS AND DEPOTS.

Fourth. The number of employes at stations and depots will be regulated specially by this office, with the reference to the necessity of each case; officers threat will apply in all cases to the Quartermaster-General for authority to retain old employes or engage new ones. These applications will be made in accordance with the provisions of preceding section, in respect to the employment of agents by purchasing officers, and when forwarded by officers in the field, will come through the chief quartermaster of the army to which they are attached.

Fifth. No quartermaster serving with troops or at a depot in the field will be allowed to employ agents, and all authorities heretofore granted are revoked.

Sixth. No application should embrace the name of a civilian as clerk, unless he was employed by a quartermaster, under the sanction of this office, prior to the act of Congress of February 16, 1862. In no case will the compensation of a clerk from civil life exceed the sum of $1,000 per annum.

Seventh. All reports called for by this circular shall be distinct from the monthly returns of persons and articles hired.

A. C. MYERS,

Quartermaster-General.

Approved:

JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

MERIDIAN, September 22, 1863.

Brigadier General A. R. LAWTON,

Richmond:

Major Mims reports no blankets or tents, and but few shoes; 3,000 suits of clothing. Major Winnemore reports neither blankets, tents, shoes, nor other clothing. Major Calhoun the same. Can we be furnished with these things from elsewhere?

J. E. JOHNSTON.

