
10 o'clock. I attacked them with two regiments, the First Wisconsin and Second Indiana, whipping them badly-although their force was five or six to my one-pursuing until dark. The rebel loss was about 120 killed and wounded and 60 prisoners, among the latter 2 majors and 7 other officers. I know it will gratify you when I tell you that nearly every wound was inflicted with the saber. Our men charged splendidly, and with another hour of daylight I could have largely increased the number of prisoners. You can congratulate the cavalry on this fight. I have recaptured nearly all the mules and other property taken from the train. The destruction of the wagons was completed before I came up.

Wheeler's whole corps is in this valley. He was present yesterday in person, and came near being captured. Colonel Campbell has not yet come up. I feel the want of his command at this time most seriously. I will start after them again at daylight and report the result. I have sent the prisoners and wounded to the rear, and one of their own surgeons with them. The enemy is on the Pikeville road.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. M. McCOOK,

Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND, Chattanooga, October 3, 1863.

Colonel E. M. McCOOK:

Your dispatch received announcing final repulse of the rebel cavalry from Anderson's. I thank you and the brave men of your command for their vigor. I hope you will not fail to concentrate your entire available force and unite with Crook to follow the enemy wherever he may go, and in conjunction with our infantry destroy him. Almost every movement of yours must depend upon so many facts not known to me that it will be necessary to leave your movements to your discretion, with this information that Crook's command was to move on McMinnville by the Roberson road yesterday. Burnside's cavalry is to come in and join you as soon as possible. Spread wide your scouts in the direction of your movement and on all your flanks, and send frequent dispatches of your movements.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST CAVALRY DIVISION, In the Field, Anderson's Cross-Roads, October 3, 1863-8.30 a.m.

Major SINCLAIR,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Cavalry Corps:

Citizens near Dunlap inform me that rebel officers told them that Forrest's command had crossed the mountains toward McMinnville day before yesterday. This information is, I think, entirely probable. Part of my command went 4 miles beyond Dunlap this morning;

