
FOOT OF MISSIONARY RIDGE, September 22, 1863-9.30 o'clock.

Lieutenant-General POLK:

SIR: I have been skirmishing with the enemy for half an hour in the gap. The officer in charge sends word that there is a large regiment or brigade in line of battle in his front. The position (Missionary Ridge) is a very strong one. Shall I attack the position and endeavor to force a passage?

Send me Withers if he is with you.

B. F. CHEATHAM,

Major-General, C. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS RIGHT WING, ARMY OF TENNESSEE,Near Mission Mills, September 22, 1863-10.30 a.m.

Colonel GEORGE W. BRENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: I have just received a dispatch from General Cheatham dated 9.30 o'clock, in which he says he has reached the foot of Missionary Ridge, where the officer in charge of the sharpshooters reports a strong regiment or brigade in front in line of battle. He is making his dispositions to attack it.

Respectfully, colonel, your obedient servant,

L. POLK,

Lieutenant-General, Commanding.

BRIGADE HEADQUARTERS, September 22, 1863-2 p.m.

Major General B. F. CHEATHAM:

GENERAL: I drove the enemy easily and with but light loss from top of Missionary Ridge, and occupy the summit of the ridge where the Chickamauga Station road crosses the ridge. I can't find the name of the crossing. Chattanooga and river plainly in sight. Fort on Georgia Station manned and occupied by enemy. Beef-cattle being driven across the river at ford above island; wagons crossing pontoon, going from Chattanooga. No troops are crossing from Chattanooga. Heavy dust on bank of river on opposite side going up stream; also on road around Point Lookout and directly away from Chattanooga, all indicating departure from Chattanooga.

Can see no line of battle of enemy, but trace light force of cavalry moving toward me. Can easily hold ridge against any force indicated. Shall I advance?

Very respectfully,

GEO. MANEY,

Brigadier-General.

[Indorsement.]

TOP OF MOUNTAIN.

The within respectfully forwarded.

I learn from prisoners captured that no troops have crossed the river. I can only see troops in the forts.

B. F. CHEATHAM,

Major-General, C. S. Army.

