HEADQUARTERS RIGHT WING, ARMY OF TENNESSEE,Near Mission Mills, September 22, 1863-7 p.m.

Brigadier-General ANDERSON:

GENERAL: The lieutenant-general commanding directs you to move with your two remaining brigades to-morrow at the dawn of day on the direct road from Mission Mills to Chattanooga. Let the movement be made punctually; after passing Mission Ridge, you will take position on the western slope of the ridge in line with General Cheatham, to whom you will report.

Respectfully, general, your obedient servant,

[R. H. BREWER,]

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF TENNESSEE,Near Red House Ford, September 22, 1863.

[General POLK:]

The general commanding directs that the brigade of General Gregg be immediately returned to General Johnston. It will march to Ringgold, or the northern terminus of the road, and there take the cars for Mississippi.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

KINLOCH FALCONER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SEPTEMBER 22, 1863-9 a.m.

Lieutenant-General POLK,

Commanding Right Wing:

GENERAL: The troops were much delayed by the balking of the trains last night. After midnight I halted the head of the column near Red House Bridge. Cleburne is now taking up his position on the creek. Breckinridge is resting near Red House Ridge. I am in person on the road from the bridge to the station. There are thousands of stragglers on the roadside.

Respectfully,

D. H. HILL,

Lieutenant- General.

HEADQUARTERS HILL'S CORPS, September 22, 1863-12.30.

[General POLK:]

I thin everything is satisfactory with regard to the rations for the wounded, but we have no means of removing them.

Previous to getting your order to send the wagon trains to the forks of the Chickamauga, I had ordered the rations and cooking utensils to Red House Ford, but had given no orders with reference to the baggage-wagons.

My quartermaster has just arrived with the whole wagon train of the corps at Red House Ford, in pursuance of orders communicated direct from General Bragg to place the trains behind their divisions

