
took some prisoners. Wheeler's main force has evidently marched all night in the direction of Pikeville. I think he was too badly whipped yesterday to annoy us here any more, and from what prisoners and citizens tell me I think probably part of his command will follow Forrest. This is my own idea about the matter. I only give it to you as my impression. Other information in your possession may enable you to determine their future movements. The force we fought yesterday consisted of three companies of picked men from each regiment of their cavalry corps.

Colonel Campbell is not up yet. I have not heard from him. He should have been here yesterday afternoon in compliance with my orders. As soon as he arrives I will leave part of the cavalry here and move with the rest until I find the rebels or ascertain definitely where they have gone, unless your order otherwise. The three regiments I have here [First Wisconsin, Second and Fourth Indiana] are near Dunlap, about 9 miles from Anderson's Cross-Roads, in the direction we pursued the enemy. I will have the remnant of the ammunition trains ready to move to Chattanooga in about an hour, using some of the recaptured mules and horses to equip them. A great many of the mules were cut loose by the teamsters, and have probably gone in the direction of Chattanooga. Colonel Tillson, of the Tenth Illinois, is at Anderson's Cross-Roads with three regiments, numbering some 900 effective infantry and one section of artillery. I would like to hear from the general commanding by return courier.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. M. McCOOK,

Colonel, Commanding First Division Cavalry.

It would probably be well to send out a detachment from Chattanooga to hunt these teamsters up. I have just heard from Colonel Campbell. He is near here and will be up by noon. If he can make any satisfactory explanation of his want of promptness, I will report it to you.

E. M. McCOOK,

Colonel, Commanding.

IN THE FIELD, October 3, 1863.

Major W. H. SINCLAIR,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Cavalry Corps:

The Fourth Indiana pushed their reconnaissance to the top of the mountain on the McMinnville road, skirmishing with the rebels to that point. They recaptured about 200 more mules, making a total of about 800 that we have retaken. They report that the rebels have gone on the McMinnville road. I will probably move the whole force, except one regiment, in that direction this afternoon.

I am, major, your very obedient servant,

E. M. McCOOK,

Colonel, Commanding.

HEADQUARTERS SECOND MICHIGAN CAVALRY, Rankin's Ferry, October 3, 1863-8 a.m.

Major SINCLAIR:

SIR: Your orders of the 1st and 2nd have just reached me. Yesterday at 1 p.m. we received the word that the enemy were burning

