HDQRS. DEPT. WESTERN VIRGINIA AND EAST TENNESSEE, Zollicoffer, Tenn., September 27, 1863.

His Excellency President DAVIS,Richmond:

My cavalry is moving this morning to Jonesborough, and two brigades of infantry to Watauga bridge, which I am informed was totally destroyed by the enemy last night. I start myself in a few moments. I have information that a large cavalry force is on the Kanawha with a general officer commanding. It will probably move to strike the Virginia and Tennessee Railroad. When General Ransom arrives I will, if your approve it, go myself to Dublin and north of it to attend to matters in that quarter, which, I think, require immediate attention. If the enemy is moving from the Kanawha I will not advance farther than Jonesborough unless you direct me to do so. I shall be glad to have your answer as soon as practicable.

SAM. JONES,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS, Meridian, September 28, 1863.

General JOSEPH E. JOHNSTON,Canton:

It is reported that Rosecrans made a stand at Chattanooga, and that they were fighting there yesterday. Nothing further.

BENJ. S. EWELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS, September 28, 1863.

Lieutenant-General POLK,Commanding:

GENERAL: We have some hope of driving the enemy out from his trenches to-morrow by our batteries. Won't you have such positions selected in front of you as may be used by your batteries to aid us? I shall open all the guns that I can get about 9 o'clock in the morning, and will be glad to have you aid us as much as possible with your batteries. If you can have your positions selected you can put your batteries in position after we have opened ours.

With respect, your obedient servant,

J. LONGSTREET,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS POLK'S CORPS, September 28, 1863-9 p. m.

Lieutenant Colonel GEORGE WILLIAM BRENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: I beg leave to notify the commanding general that I have received a proposition from General Longstreet to advance some of my batteries to-night to elevated positions in my front, with

