
the view of co-operating with him in the morning in shelling the works of the enemy. Not knowing whether this may be in conformity with the general's wishes or may conflict with his plans, I report the fact and await any instructions he may deem proper to give.

Very respectfully, colonel, your obedient servant,

L. POLK,

Lieutenant-General, Commanding.

P. S.-I think it proper to add that I have received General Longstreet's request only within an hour, and I am not sure, should it be agreeable to the commanding general, that I could get my guns into position and protected without another day's delay.
HEADQUARTERS, September 28, 1863.

Major General L. McLAWS,Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: General Jenkins will establish batteries in a ravine opposite the mouth of Spring Creek. It will be necessary for you to have a strong line of skirmishers as far forward as the batteries, in order to prevent any movement on the part of the enemy to flank or capture the batteries.

You should be ready, too, to re-enforce such line against anything but a decided column of attack. It would be well, therefore, to have good defenses for your line of skirmishers.

When the bombardment begins you will be ready to move forward to take the enemy's works should we succeed in driving him from them. Other orders will be given, however, about this, unless you see a favorable opportunity, which must not be lost of course.

I hope to get our batteries fixed by 9 in the morning.

Most respectfully,

J. LONGSTREET,

Lieutenant-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF TENNESSEE, Missionary Ridge, September 28, 1863.

Brigadier-General FORREST,Near Athens:

GENERAL: The general commanding desires that you will without delay turn over the troops of your command previously ordered to Major-General Wheeler.

I am, general, very respectfully,

GEORGE WM. BRENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF TENNESSEE, September 28, 1863.

Major-General WHEELER,

Commanding Cavalry:

GENERAL: The general commanding directs me to inform you that General Roddey, just arrived from Alabama, has been ordered

