
to cross the Tennessee near Bridgeport and move up Sequatchie Valley, reporting to you near Jasper or at such point as a junction may be effected.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEORGE WM. BRENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FORREST'S CAVALRY, Athens, September 28, 1863-9 a. m.

Major-General WHEELER,Commanding:

GENERAL: My last advices from the front report the enemy advancing on us with a column of infantry, also cavalry. Would it not be well to have the fortifications at Charleston repaired and artillery placed in position there in order to defend the crossing if necessary? My command is falling back, and there may be more force advancing than we know of, as they can run trains from Knoxville to London, and Burnside may be moving in this direction.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

N. B. FORREST,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST CAVALRY BRIGADE, Five Miles from Charleston, September 28, 1863.

[General J. WHEELER:]

GENERAL: When my command started out we were only ordered to Harrison, to meet and develop Burnside's forces reported there. I brought with me only 40 rounds of ammunition to the man, four pieces of artillery, with what ammunition I had left after the battle of Chickamauga. I cannot, therefore, send you artillery or ammunition. Have ordered General Davidson and General Armstrong to you, and to accompany Major Burford to where you are. Have retained Dibrell's and Pegram's brigades. They are all without rations, as we did not expect to be absent from our trains but a day or two, and unless they can be supplied they will be in no condition to cross the mountains. Major Burford will meet the commands at Athens to-night. Will forward a copy of your letter to Major Burford immediately, but am satisfied that neither men nor horses are in condition for the expedition. We have had no opportunity of shoeing the horses since the battle of Chickamauga commenced.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,N. B. FORREST,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

HDQRS. DEPT. WESTERN VIRGINIA AND EAST TENNESSEE, Carter's Depot, Tenn., September 28, 1863.

His Excellency President DAVIS,

Richmond:

I believe Burnside has gone with nearly all his force to re-enforce Rosecrans, leaving only a brigade or two of cavalry and mounted

