
indorsement of the Commissary-General of Subsistence on paper of Major Hillyer, chief commissary of General Bragg's army, and on the remarks of the general commanding. This indorsement was dated September 4 and sent to Adjutant-General.

It is needless to go into detail. An indorsement placed on a paper yesterday (the 5th) expressed my opinion of the military exigency existing. (See letter of Major Guerin, of October 2, referred to Secretary of War, in which I stated that the recovery of East Tennessee in absolutely necessary to the subsistence of Bragg's army.) Every move in Tennessee by General Bragg has intensified my anxiety. Its dependence has long been mainly on Georgia and Florida, and before the accession to his forces the railroads were scarcely adequate to sustain it. Some time ago the Secretary of War was asked to write to Mr. Cuyler, president of the Georgia Central Railroad, in respect to this subject. Major Walker, chief commissary of Alabama, was directed to try and assist General B.'s army on September 4. (See extract herewith from his reply and telegram sent him.) I have not heard from Major Hillyer on that point. I will try and aid that army from Mississippi, but everything converges to prove that East Tennessee must be recovered and Rosecrans driven from the country.

Respectfully,

L. B. NORTHROP,

Commissary-General of Subsistence.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.]

SUBSISTENCE DEPARTMENT, September 4, 1863.

Major J. J. WALKER,

Chief Com. of Sub. of Alabama, Mobile, Ala.:

Try to help the subsistence of Bragg's army from Alabama. Confer with Major Hillyer.

L. B. NORTHROP,

Commissary-General of Subsistence.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]

OFFICE STATE COMMISSARY, Mobile, Ala., September 12, 1863.

[Colonel L. B. NORTHROP:]

COLONEL: Immediately on receipt of your telegram of 4th instant, directing me to try and send subsistence to Bragg's army from this State, I wrote to Major Hillyer to inform me what articles he required that could not be obtained elsewhere, and if possible I would supply them. I have not yet heard from him. I presume the main article he wants is bacon, but I can see no prospect of obtaining a supply equal to such a demand. The forces scattered through this State and the army in Mississippi have so far consumed the receipts nearly as fast as collected. Besides, General Maury requires six month's supplies for 20,000 men to be stored here to garrison this place. This alone would take more bacon than can be bought or legally impressed in this State under the act of Congress.

* * * * * * *

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN J. WALKER,

Major, and Chief Commissary of Alabama.

