SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS,Numbers 77. Cotton Port Ford, September 30, 1863.

Colonel Wheeler, commanding brigade, will report with his command to Brigadier-General Martin, commanding division.

By order of Major-General Wheeler:

E. S. BURFORD,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

FIVE MILES FROM CHARLESTON, ON ATHENS ROAD, September 30, 1863-6 a. m.

Major-General WHEELER,

Commanding Cavalry:

GENERAL: I have just received your note urging forward the troops from Forrest's corps. I am ordered to report with one brigade, my own. General Davidson is ordered to report with his division. I wrote to you at 1 a. m., my condition as well as that of my command. It will be impossible to procure bacon enough for my brigade in this country. I was stationed two weeks at Decatur, and know something of the supplies in that country. My command is totally unfit to start on any expedition; horses are very much in need of shoeing and my men have had no rations for thirty-six hours, and I can see no prospect of getting any. I am too unwell to start on an expedition across the mountain. I request that you will relieve me from duty with my brigade and allow me to report to General Forrest. I can do some duty, but am not able to go on an expedition. If you cannot permit me to do so I will have to forward a surgeon's certificate.

My command, under Colonel Wheeler, who has been commanding it for several weeks, is just starting to Cotton Port. I would like to see you, and if able will ride on as far as Cotton Port myself.

Yours, respectfully,

F. C. ARMSTRONG,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY BRIGADE, Five Miles from Charleston, September 30, 1863.

Major BURFORD,

Athens:

MAJOR: I am directed by General Forrest to forward you a copy of letter just received from General Wheeler. He was written him fully, stating that the command was ordered to move at once to meet Burnside at or near Harrison. The command moved in less than forty minutes after the order reached headquarters, consequently no preparation was made for any prolonged absence from our supplies. You will therefore have to do the best you can. We moved with only four pieces of artillery, and with only the ammunition we had left after the battle of Chickamauga, and have used a good deal of in since. The men were supplied with 40 rounds of ammunition to the man, half of which, in some of the regiments, I suppose, has

