HDQRS. ADAMS' BRIGADE, BRECKINRIDGE'S DIVISION, October 1, 1863.

Colonel G. W. BRENT,Assistant Adjutant-General, Army of Tennessee:

COLONEL: I beg to bring to your earnest attention the condition of the Louisiana regiments of this command. Cut off from the State, it has been impossible to recruit them. Consolidated one with another a great deal of dissatisfaction has arisen in consequence, and now, after the lapse of a few months, the consolidated regiments are no larger than the single regiments were at the time the consolidation was made. Most of the men, it is true, had been lost in action, but we have been detailed and detached in violation of law, until there are now more men serving in this part of the Confederacy outside these regiments than with them. Not a surgeon in any of the numerous hospitals of the Southwest-not a quartermaster or commissary, not a post commandant, however small, not a general officer, with a few exceptions, who has not one or more of these men at their headquarters, as servants, bakers, tailors, &amp;c., under the guise of clerks, assistants, orderlies, hostlers, &c. This must cease.

Again and again have representations been made, long lists sent forward showing names, duty, places, orders, but all to no avail.

I have the honor now to ask, in view of these facts, that you publish a special order requiring all general officers, surgeons, post commandants, quartermaster, and commissaries having men serving with them in any capacity whatsoever, detailed from the Thirteenth, Twentieth, Sixteenth, and Twenty-fifth Louisiana Volunteers, be required to return them at once to this command.

If this be not done, these regiments must disappear. They cannot be recruited as the Georgia and other regiments in this army, and on every just ground they should be allowed their men.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. L. GIBSON,

Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF TENNESSEE, Mission Ridge, October 1, 1863.

Officer Commanding Cavalry at Decatur:

COLONEL: General Johnston has ordered General S. D. Lee with his forces to Tennessee. He will move via your headquarters.

The general commanding directs that when he arrives you will report to him for instructions and give him your most vigorous and earnest co-operation.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,GEORGE WM. BRENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

ENTERPRISE, MISS., October 2, 1863.

General J. E. JOHNSTON, Commanding, &c.:

GENERAL: When I was ill with remittent fever at Morton, my physician insisted that I must leave camp, and you granted me leave of absence for thirty days. On reaching Columbus, Ga., where I had some friends, I advised your adjutant-general that my address

