
would be at that place. I left camp on the 4th of August and on the 31st started to return to this place. On reaching Mobile on the 2nd of September, the purport of your dispatch to me "that I need not return to Mississippi, as I would be required as a witness before the Court of Inquiry in Atlanta." was received, and I immediately returned to Columbus. The Court not having assembled, I wrote to the recorder, Major S. W. Barton, informing him where I was, and he assented to my remaining there until I should be wanted before the Court, and was to give me two days' notice in advance. Believing it would be some time before I would be called on four testimony, I went to the Warm Springs, 25 miles from La Grange, to await the time I would be wanted in Atlanta.

On the 14th of September I received a letter from the recorder informing me the Court was postponed. When in Mobile I found one of my brigades had been ordered to that place for duty. At the springs I heard that McNair had been sent to General Bragg's army, and I also heard that you were in Dalton. Accordingly, I wrote you on the day following a letter, a copy of which is inclosed. Not hearing from you I went to Columbus, and there learned by report that you were at Montgomery, and then I started for this place, and arrived here on the night of the 26th ultimo, and reported to Colonel Ewell, your assistant adjutant-general.

Not hearing from him I telegraphed him that I would go to Meridian the day following, unless otherwise directed. On the same day, the 30th ultimo, he advised me to remain here. As you will perceive, my division was scattered, one brigade in Charleston, one in Mobile, and one with General Bragg. Believing you in Dalton (for such was common rumor) I did not wish to start off for Mississippi without hearing from you, and hence I wrote to you there for orders, and it was by waiting to hear from you that I did not reach Mississippi (or this place) as soon as you did.

I now find myself without a command and without any orders, and yet from the passage of troops up to Meridian there appears to be some movement contemplated or actually going on toward the border of Tennessee or on the Yazoo River.

As it is unpleasant for me to remain here idle, I hope it will be in your power soon to give me another division or assign me to some command.

Yours, very respectfully,

S. G. FRENCH,

Major-General.

[Inclosure.]

WARM SPRINGS, GA., September 15, 1863.

General J. E. JOHNSTON:

GENERAL: I came here to await the time when my presence before the Court of Inquiry assembled at Atlanta would be required. The meeting has been postponed and I am ready for service. I learn that one of my brigades is at Mobile and the other with General Bragg; and Evans having been sent to Savannah, leaves me without a command. I shall go to Columbus in a day or two and await your orders. Please answer, and oblige.

Yours, very respectfully,

S. G. FRENCH,

Major-General.

