SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. CAVALRY IN NORTH MISSISSIPPI,Numbers 155. Moss' Mill, October 3, 1863.

I. The following-named officers of the Seventh Regiment Tennessee Cavalry, being entitled to promotion by reason of seniority, and they having passed a satisfactory examination, their promotion is hereby announced to take effect to-day:

First Lieutenant C. H. Jones, Company F, to be captain of that company. W. C. Mashburn, Company E, to be second lieutenant of that company.

Second Lieutenant C. S. Taliaferro, Company L, to be first lieutenant of that company.

By order of Brigadier-General Chalmers:

J. A. TAYLOR,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

CHICKAMAUGA, GA., October 3, 1863.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General:

Lieutenant-General Longstreet makes application for the two brigades of his corps now at Charleston. I hope the state of the service there will justify the movement.

BRAXTON BRAGG,

General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF TENNESSEE, Missionary Ridge, October 3, 1863.

General S. COOPER,Adjt. and Insp. General, C. S. Army, Richmond:

SIR: The anxiety of the Department is exhibited in dispatches for our advance against the enemy before he is re-enforced is fully shared. To attack him in front, strongly intrenched as he is, would be suicidal. To assail any other point requires us to cross the river. For this movement supplies, which could only be had by railroad, were necessary, and our whole available means were promptly devoted to that end. The road being finished, our resources are now all devoted to the means of crossing the river, and we hope soon to be ready. In the mean time all our available cavalry is operating on the enemy's communications, and I hope soon to hear of his supplies being cut off. The Department will, I trust, appreciate the embarrassments of an army with inadequate means of transportation; largely and hastily re-enforced without the slightest addition to these means, and just at the time of a very large loss in battle, especially of artillery horses, which makes a drain upon other resources.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BRAXTON BRAGG,

General, Commanding.

[Indorsement.]

OCTOBER 10, 1863.

I had certainly hoped for earlier and more decisive movements, but of course more exact knowledge of circumstances and resources would be necessary for a just judgment.

J. A. S.,

Secretary.

