HEADQUARTERS, October 4, 1863.

Lieutenant General D. H. HILL, Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: Colonel Chesnut, the President's aide-de-camp, has just passed my headquarters on his way to the mountain. In a ten minutes' conversation I told him of our distressed condition, and urged him to go on to Richmond with all speed and to urge upon the President relief for us.

I suggest that it would be better for you and Buckner to see him and hurry him on. My interview was so short that I had not time to tell him we should have more troops. I think that I said enough of other matters, but it would be well if you and Buckner would also talk with him. He will return from the mountain to General Bragg's headquarters.

Most respectfully,J. LONGSTREET,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS, October 4, 1863.

Lieutenant General D. H. HILL:

GENERAL: Your note is received. I had not much hope for cooperation on the right, from the general's disinclination at first to use the heights on that part of the line. We have no positions here for the guns that you have; that is, the positions are not fortified, and they would be too much exposed without protection in that way. If during the effort your staff officers should see an opportunity to annoy the enemy by your long-range guns, I hope that you will order them to be used. There are points beyond you that Colonel Alexander thinks might be used by the troops on the right to great advantage. But, as I said before, I have not expected aid from there. The enemy's left batteries may partially enfilade some of mine. I was therefore anxious that some of our batteries on the right might engage these.

Most respectfully,

J. LONGSTREET,

Lieutenant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS,Numbers 78. Woodbury, Tenn., October 4, 1863.

Captain Fitzpatrick, of General Davidson's division of cavalry, will report with his command to General John A. Wharton for assignment to duty.

By order of Major-General Wheeler:

E. S. BURFORD,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY IN MISSISSIPPI, Pontotoc, October 4, 1863.

Brigadier-General RODDEY,

Commanding Cavalry Brigade, North Alabama:

GENERAL: I wrote you a few days since informing you of my intended movement, and stating that General Bragg had been re-

