
quested to order your command to report to me on reaching the Tennessee River. General J. E. Johnston, who was with me yesterday, suggests that, in case you have received no orders from General Bragg, I take your command with me. You will therefore consider this communication an order and hold your command in readiness to join me for a two weeks' scout, on my arrival on the Tennessee River, between Tuscumbia and Decatur. I will leave this point on the morning of the 6th instant.

I am, general, yours, respectfully,

S. D. LEE,

Major-General.

OFFICE OF CHIEF QUARTERMASTER, Meridian, Miss., October 5, 1863.

General J. E. JOHNSTON,

Commanding, &amp;c., Present:

GENERAL: I beg leave to call your attention to the condition of the supply department of this army. As you are aware, the War Department has established in certain named States certain quartermasters as the chief purchasing officers of supplies for the various armies requiring stores within said States. These officers, in the theory of the Department, are not only the chief, but the only authorized suppliers of stores for the army, and other officers are forbid purchasing. I our preparations for the Vicksburg campaign I found the supplies of every character collected by these officers so utterly inadequate to our demands that I never afterward expected any considerable aid from them. I have called on the purchasing quartermaster for the States here below named and have received the replies hereunto appended, marked A.

The army is greatly in need of supplies of every sort necessary to the comfort of the troops.

I shall be able every soon to provide your army, but by very extraordinary exertions and some assumption of power. I write this note as due to myself as your chief quartermaster.

With great respect, your obedient servant,

ALFRED M. BARBOUR,

Major and Chief Quartermaster.

A.

To each purchasing quartermaster I sent the first subjoined question by telegram. Answers follow in order.

How many blankets, shoes, and tents can you furnish immediately to this army?

ALFRED M. BARBOUR,

Major and Chief Quartermaster of General J. E. Johnston.

ENTERPRISE, September 21, 1863.

Major A. M. BARBOUR,

Chief Quartermaster:

Reports from purchasing quartermasters will come in at end of this month. Am quite sure no blankets or tents are on hand; but few shoes. Am directed by Quartermaster-General to send leather and hides to Alabama and Georgia. Can furnish you 3,000 suits

