
can spare, west of the Tennessee. If we are driven from here you can't stay in East Tennessee. If the enemy are driven it will be easy to hold it. Have sent you four dispatches within the last six days.

ROSECRANS.

CUMBERLAND GAP, October 3, 1863.

General BURNSIDE:

Your dispatch received. Four regiments six-months' troops, about 3,000 effective strength; two 6-gun battery. Will send field return. I hope to get all through the gap to-day, but my supply train is 10 miles back, and I have to distribute rations to-day from the trains.

O. B. WILLCOX,

Brigadier-General.

MEMPHIS, TENN., October 4, 1863. [Via Cairo, 6th. Received 6.35 p.m.]

Major-General HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

I sent a dispatch up yesterday announcing the arrival here of my Second Division, and the Fourth expected the day after to-morrow. I will push all inland to Corinth and the Tennessee as fast as the railroad can carry them, and will go myself as soon as the Fourth Division is here. My eldest boy Willie-my California boy-nine years old, died here yesterday, of fever and dysentery contracted at Vicksburg. His loss to me is more than words can express, but I would not let it divert my mind from the duty I owe my country. General Blair has this moment arrived from above, and I will send him to Corinth to organize and prepare for my coming.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

WASHINGTON, October 4, 1863-3.p.m. [Received 7th.]

Major-General HURLBUT, Memphis, Tenn.:

Yours of October 2 just received. As fast as troops arrive they should be pushed forward, first to Corinth and then to Tuscumbia, repairing the Memphis and Charleston Railroad. You will also increase your rolling-stock as may be necessary to supply your army. You must not expect supplies from Nashville. From Tuscumbia you will move by Florence on Athens and Decatur, on north side of the river, or directly to Decatur, repairing the railroad according as it may be found most practicable or expeditious. Time is all important. The railroad must be kept up and guarded in order to secure the supplying of your army. Do not rely upon General Rosecrans' cavalry. It will probably be occupied in securing his communications. Having reached Decatur or Athens, report for orders to General Rosecrans. He does not at present intend moving you farther than Athens or Decatur. Should General Sherman be assigned by General Grant to the command, you will furnish him with these and all other orders.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

