
whose command had already been greatly reduced-weakened beyond prudence. I was told to await the President's departure for another interview and an answer.

Yours, very truly,

ARMAND. [A. N. T. BEAUREGARD.]

OFFICE OF MEDICAL DIRECTOR OF HOSPITALS, Marietta, Ga., October 11, 1863.

Surg. General S. P. MOORE,

Richmond, Va.:

SIR: I have the honor to call your attention to the following facts: The department commanded by General Bragg is bounded on the southeast by the Atlanta and West Point Railroad. His jurisdiction therefore does not extend over any territory southeast of that railroad. As medical director of hospitals of his army, without the consent of General Beauregard of the War Department in reopening and establishing hospitals, I have not right legally to enter upon any territory southeast of that line in Georgia.

From the diagram* herewith it will be seen that I am confined to narrow limits in providing hospital accommodations for a very large army. I have no hospitals of a permanent character north of Kingston and Rome. In the event of a retreat southward of our army the hospitals at Rome, Kingston, Cassville, and Marietta will probably have to be removed south of Atlanta.

The only hospitals now existing south of Atlanta, under my control, within the territory under General Bragg's jurisdiction, are at Newman and La Grange. I have opened and am controlling hospitals at Griffin and Forsyth, which places are in General Beauregard's department. That I may promptly meet the heavy responsibility of providing for the sick and wounded of the army, I respectfully ask permission to open hospitals when deemed necessary, and to direct those now existing at any point on the following lines of railroad, viz: The Macon and Western Railroad, including the city of Macon; the Macon and Columbus Railroad, including the city of Columbus, Ga., and the railroad extending from Atlanta to Augusta, including the city of Augusta. I further suggest that the privileges be granted to me to locate hospitals on the West Point and Montgomery Railroad, including the city of Montgomery, Ala.

The above suggestion is made from a conviction that the discipline of the service would be promoted and the sick and wounded of the army be better provided for if it is adopted.+

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. H. STOUT,

Medical Director of Hospitals.

---------------

*See p. 737.

+By Special Orders, Numbers 257, paragraph 8, Adjutant and Inspector General's Office, Richmond, Va., October 29, 1863, Surgeon Stout was authorized to open hospitals on the Macon and Western Railroad, including the city of Macon; the Macon and Columbus Railroad, including the city of Columbus; the railroad extending between Atlanta and Augusta, and on the West Point and Montgomery Railroad, including the city of Montgomery.

---------------

