
[Inclosure.*]

FOR THE PUBLIC INFORMATION.

OFFICE OF MEDICAL DIRECTOR OF HOSPITALS, Marietta, Ga., October 5, 1863.

The hospitals of General Bragg's army are situated as follows:

Ringgold, in charge of Surg. B. W. Ussery; Dalton, in charge of Surgeon Hillard; Kingston, in charge of Surg. B. W. Avent; Rome, in charge of Surg. W. L. Nichol; Cassville, in charge of Surg. A. Hunter; Marietta, in charge of Surg. D. D. Saunders; Atlanta, in charge of Surg. J. P. Logan; Newman, in charge of Surg. C. B. Gamble; La Grange, in charge of Surg. F. H. Evans; Griffin, in charge of Surg. R. C. Foster; Forsyth, in charge of Surg. B. M. Wible.

Since the late battle it has been necessary to transfer some of the sick and wounded out of the department to Augusta, Macon, Montgomery, &amp;c. A general register is kept at this place, which it is hoped will soon be completed to date, from which can be learned the name of the post to which every officer or soldier who has reported at hospital has been sent. Since the battle it has been impossible to do the clerical labor necessary to render this register complete each day.

I desire publicly to acknowledge the timely and efficient aid which the sick and wounded, during the last two weeks, have received at the hands of the various relief associations from Atlanta, Cartersville, Marietta, Augusta, Newman, La Grange, Florida, and refugee Tennesseeans, and to testify to the many instances of self-sacrificing effort and liberality of individuals, citizens, and ladies, and private physicians, and earnestly invite them to persevere in their beneficence.

Furnish the hospital good markets and the sick and wounded shall be well fed. Hire labor to them and the hospitals shall be kept clean. Whatever any one has to spare, which will tempt the appetite of the sick, weary, and wounded man, or contribute to his comfort, send to the hospitals.

Contributions forwarded to any one of the gentlemen above named will be properly distributed.

S. H. STOUT,

Medical Director of Hospitals.
HDQRS. ARMY OF TENNESSEE, ORDNANCE OFFICE, Missionary Ridge, October 11, 1863.

Colonel M. H. WRIGHT,Commanding C. S. Arsenal, Atlanta, Ga.:

COLONEL: We are in need of infantry accouterments, and I request you to forward at least 2,000 of them to Captain Humphreys, at Chickamauga. Our army is at present supplied with ammunition, but in case of engagement it will be necessary to issue new supplies. I would request that you keep large supplies on hand, especially calibers .54, .57, and .58.

The army is increasing rapidly. Wednesday last our forces were larger than before last battle. My arms, selected from those brought

---------------

*From a marked copy of the Chattanooga Daily Rebel (published at Marietta, Ga.) of October 7, 1863.

---------------

