
COLLIERVILLE, TENN., October 4, 1863.

Lieutenant-Colonel BINMORE, Assistant Adjutant-General:

I have reliable information to the following effect: Last Thursday morning Lee instructed Chalmers that Loring's division would move up Mobile and Ohio road on Corinth, estimated at 12,000; Ruggles with, say, about 4,000 men to move by way of Pontotoc, New Albany, and Ripley, to attack in neighborhood of Pocahontas; Ferguson to move by way of Rocky Ford and Salem, aiding Chalmers, who is to move by way of Holly Springs on Moscow and La Grange, the two making a feint attack on those places [combined force of these two about 6,000 men], then a rapid concentration on Corinth, joining Loring and making the main attack on that place; while concentrating to do all possible damage to road and trains. Another force 1,000 strong to approach the road from the south, and in conjunction with Richardson, now on north side of the road 1,000 strong, attack between La Fayette and Memphis, doing all possible damage. Secessionists report the concentration and attack to be on Memphis instead of Corinth. If plans are not changed, attack may be expected at any time after twenty-fours hours, but will be made during the week. General Joseph E. Johnston will be in command.

D. C. ANTHONY,

Colonel Sixty-sixth Indiana.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY DIVISION, Memphis, Tenn., October 4, 1863.

Lieutenant ColonelHENRY BINMORE,Assistant Adjutant-General, Sixteenth Army Corps.

COLONEL: This cutting of the wire looks very much like an attack on the roads somewhere to-night. Had I not better take the Second Iowa Cavalry and move out? It will require a special order, as that regiment is now picketing this place and is under the orders of General Veatch.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDWARD HATCH,

Colonel, Commanding Division,

By W. P. CALLON,

Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Memphis, Tenn., October 4, 1863-10.45 p.m.

Colonel EDWARD HATCH,Commanding Cavalry Division, Memphis, Tenn.:

SIR: By direction of Major-General Hurlbut I have consulted Brig. General J. C. Veatch upon the subject of yours of this p.m. Brigadier-General Veatch deems it impracticable to move the Second Iowa as a regiment, but suggests a part might go with the Third U. S. Cavalry. I remain in the office for future advice from you. The question presented to General Veatch was whether he could cover his line if the Second Iowa move off.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, you obedient servant,

HENRY BINMORE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

