
Tenn., and that after repulsing them he had been forced to retire. To-day heavy firing has been heard near Jonesborough, and a party of the enemy's cavalry reported in Williams' rear, between Jonesborough and Greeneville. If Williams' command is routed or cut off, the southwest of this State will be greatly exposed. May I detain the Eighth and Fourteenth Virginia Cavalry a day or so, until I ascertain the result in East Tennessee?

SAM. JONES,

Major-General.
HDQRS. DEPT. WESTERN VIRGINIA AND EAST TENNESSEE, Dublin, October 11, 1863.

General S. COOPER,Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond, Va.:

GENERAL: Brigadier General W. E. Jones reported to me this morning, in obedience to your order by telegraph of the 9th instant, for assignment to the cavalry in this department.

The cavalry of the Department of Western Virginia was organized into a brigade under Brigadier-General Jenkins, and the cavalry left in East Tennessee and Southwest Virginia by Major-General Buckner, I have placed under the command of Brigadier-General Williams. Both Williams and Jenkins rank Brigadier-General Jones, and I have no command of cavalry to give the latter, unless his rank is increased, so that he may command the whole. Brigadier-General Jenkins is still absent, and as an officer is needed to command his brigade, I might assign Brigadier-General Jones to that command. But I presume it will only be temporary, as you inform me Jenkins is well and fit for duty, and will, I presume, soon join his brigade.

If it is the intention of the Department that Brigadier-General Jones shall command all the cavalry in this department, I shall be very glad to have him in that capacity; but if so, the difficulty of rank must be removed.

I will assign Brigadier-General Jones to such duty as I think best until I hear further from you, which I hope will be as soon as you can conveniently write.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SAM. JONES,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY IN MISSISSIPPI, Eight Miles East of Tuscumbia, October 12, 1863.

Colonel B. S. EWELL,

Asst. Adjt. General, General Johnston, Meridian, Miss.:

COLONEL: I have the honor to state for the information of the general that I arrived in this vicinity on the evening of the 9th instant, and on examining the fords found straggles from Major-General Wheeler's cavalry crossing the river. The general forded the river opposite Courtland on the night of the 9th and morning of the 10th, having made the circuit around the enemy, capturing McMinnville and Shelbyville, and destroying the bridges at Wartrace and over Stone's River, and destroying the track between Wartrace

