
and Murfreesborough; he also captured and destroyed a wagon train of seven hundred wagons loaded with supplies and ammunition, in Sequatchie Valley. The general was pursued and harassed by the main body of the enemy's cavalry till he crossed the Tennessee River, with the loss of about 400 killed, wounded, and prisoners.

I communicated with General Wheeler yesterday, and do not consider it prudent to cross in the face of the large cavalry force in the vicinity of Rogersville with my small force. General Wheeler's command is not in condition to return into Middle Tennessee at present. I have written General Bragg telling him of my arrival and my willingness to cross the river with General Wheeler, or with an increase of my present force, as I am loth to return after reaching this point without doing something to assist him.

General Roddey is not in this vicinity; he is near Bridgeport. It will take three or four days to hear from General Bragg. I deemed it best to remain here several days to allow the enemy's cavalry, estimated at 6,000 or 8,000, to return, and to allow the road to be fixed, which could be done in about ten days. Should General Bragg not order General Wheeler to return through Middle Tennessee, or give me a considerable increase to my present force, I shall return, probably striking the Memphis and Charleston Railroad near Corinth. The enemy are building the road in this direction, and now occupy Iuka with four regiments of infantry. I was much surprised at meeting General Wheeler here. My trip would have been successful as the enemy's cavalry followed General Wheeler from the vicinity of Harrison's Landing.

I am, colonel, yours, respectfully,

S. D. LEE,

Major-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS,Numbers 79. Colonel R. Hill's House, October 12, 1863.

I. Captain R. C. Kennedy will proceed to Chattanooga on business connected with this corps. He will instruct Major O. P. Chaffie to procure at least 16,000 horseshoes, 2,000 pounds of nails, for which application has been made to army headquarters. He will also instruct Captain Jones to use every exertion to procure the ammunition for which application has been made to army headquarters. These things will be forwarded here as quickly as possible.

II. Captain Kennedy is authorized to impress horses on the route for himself and courier, to be returned by him on their return to this headquarters.

* * * * * * *

By order of Major-General Wheeler:

E. S. BURFORD,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

DUBLIN, October 12, 1863.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond:

Brigadier-General Williams has fallen back and is now near Zollicoffer. He is convinced that a large part of General Burnside's

