
you may be restored to your homes and the useful pursuits; and I pray that our Heavenly Father may cover you with the shield of His protection in the hours of battle, and endow you with the virtues which will close your trials in victory complete.

JEFFERSON DAVIS.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF TENNESSEE, Missionary Ridge, October 14, 1863.

General G. T. BEAUREGARD,Charleston, S. C.:

MY DEAR GENERAL: The presence of the President has prevented my earlier attention to your very kind and acceptable favor for the 7th instant.* Your views, almost the same expressed to Johnston last spring, are so nearly in accordance with my own that a presentation of them to the Department would be almost a renewal of my recommendations. Since the receipt from you of a copy of your favor to Johnston, since first assuming an independent command, my efforts have all been directed to the policy you indicate on this line, and I am daily strengthened in the views first formed of its importance.

To the extent of its ability I am assured the Government will support us. My force is now larger and better than it has ever been, but the enemy is rapidly growing and will exceed us largely. But this results from a want of means, I am assured, and not from a want of disposition. I fully believe the Department is alive to the importance and necessities of the position and will give me all the strength it has. Few of us know how little that is. With present means we hope yet to accomplish some good before the winter sets in, though the task is heavy and the time short. The success which has attended your prolonged struggle gives us great confidence in your final triumph. May God shield you and your noble troops, and soon crown our efforts with peace and independence.

Sincerely, your friend,

BRAXTON BRAGG.

CONFIDENTIAL.] NEAR CHATTANOOGA, October 14, 1863.

[General G. T. BEAUREGARD:]

DEAR BROTHER: In my last interview with General Bragg he referred to the proposed plan. He stated that the original one submitted by you had been strongly advocated by him, so much so that he had attempted it in the Kentucky campaign, although with too small a force, and had always kept it in view to act on whenever the opportunity would present itself; that he was convinced more that ever that it was and is the only plan which can save the Confederacy. He had submitted your last document-in his name-to the President, urging its importance, sustained as it was by General Johnston and yourself. The President admitted its worth and was disposed to adopt it, only he could not reduce General Lee's army,

---------------

*See Series I, Vol. XXVIII, Part II, p. 399.

---------------

