
already too depleted, but re-enforcements from all other quarters would be hurried up as soon as possible-in fact, the President's visit to General Johnston was for the purpose of attending to that matter; and General Bragg entertained every hope of having under his command a very large army, able to undertake a successful campaign on a large scale.

The unfortunate differences existing between General Bragg and his lieutenants had been settled to the entire satisfaction of the general, the President having sustained him in every position assumed. General Bragg had proposed to give up the command of the army; he had been anxious even to do so, but he stated, at the same time, that if he was retained where he was, he would never countenance disobedience of or non-compliance with orders from any officer, however high in position, regardless of consequences. The President then prevailed upon him to stay where he was, assuring him of his support if it were needed in the future, but anticipated there would be no necessity for such action.

General Bragg alluded to General Hill's conduct in Virginia and in his department. He had been relieved or disposed of in the first for precisely the same reason which induced the general to sever all connection with him, i. e., disobedience of orders. He had been a source of trouble to all those under whom he had served; no doubt would be saddled upon whoever would have him.

It was definitely agreed that General Polk would not resume the command of his corps nor Pemberton be substituted for him.

In the course of the conversation the general reverted again to his past difficulties with his officers, and stated that the same element of discord had existed under General Lee; that a petition had been secretly gotten up among his officers to have him removed, but that had been made to disappear without the enemy knowing it, from which a considerable political capital could have been raised. I was delayed at General Bragg's quarters much longer than I expected, first by the President's visit and next by a continuous rain of three of four days'. The above is about all the information, in reference to army matters, which I could get from the two interviews had with General Bragg. I must say that his reception of me was of the most kind and friendly, evincing his great admiration for yourself.

Your devoted brother,

ARMAND. [A. N. T. BEAUREGARD.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF TENNESSEE, October 14, 1863.

Major-General WHEELER,Courtland:

GENERAL: In reply to your communication of the 9th, reporting your operations in Middle Tennessee, the general commanding desires me to say that he wishes you will, without delay, get your command in readiness for active movement in conjunction with Major-General Lee.

In the mean time you will make inquiry as to the best means of crossing your command at some point between your present position and Bellefonte. Should the enemy, previous to orders for your movement, lay himself open to attack, strike him at once.

