
the wagons for various reasons. I think I ought to wait until I can hear from General Bragg, and make arrangements for these large re-enforcements to reach some point on the river, so that I could be joined by them before I attempt to cross.

I also sent for ammunition for artillery, which has not yet arrived. I will write you immediately upon hearing from General Bragg, which must be very soon. I think you will appreciate the above-stated motives.

Very respectfully, general, your obedient servant,

JOS. WHEELER,

Major-General.

ATHENS, ALA., October 14, 1863.

Major General JOSEPH WHEELER:

GENERAL: I am here with my brigade 4 miles west for the purpose of feeding. Have scouts toward Huntsville and Fayetteville. Met the enemy at New Market Monday evening, skirmished with him until dark, then moved round by Madison Cross-Roads, to which place they followed. We skirmished with him until night. He showed very small force and declined a fight. I moved to this vicinity last night; if not pursued will move toward Mooresville as soon as the fact is ascertained, to connect with my commissary train now at Whitesburg. My men are very tired and hungry, with broken-down and bare-footed horses, but will be in trim again as soon as possible.

I make this move under the impression that Generals Wheeler and Lee were both on this side of the river, and that my position would be fatal to the enemy's left flank.

I am very anxious to hear from you as to future moves. I think I can keep the railroad so crippled that it will be of very little use to the enemy-have such plans as will cut the track every day. I have sent you a number of couriers and have heard nothing. Hope you will write by this one.

Very respectfully,

P. D. RODDEY,

Brigadier-General.

ATLANTA, GA., October 14, 1863.

Colonel G. W. RAINS,

Commanding, Augusta, Ga:

COLONEL: Major G. W. Lee, who has just returned from an expedition in Northeast Georgia after deserters, has handed me a letter received since his return, from some of his command left behind, stating that the notorious Bryson (Tory), with a full regiment of Federals, &amp;c., was at Murphy, N. C., having taken the place, &c. The letter represents that the destination of the band seems to be, and is believed to be, Athens, Ga., the assets of the branch mint, &c., having been removed to that place. I give you the information for what it is worth, that you may be on your guard, and have the home guard at Athens on the alert.

I am, colonel, respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. H. WRIGHT,

Colonel, Commanding.

