
will proceed with his aide and report to General J. E. Johnston, now commanding the department from which he was transferred.

With a grateful sense of the distinguished services rendered by this accomplished officer in the high position he has filled, the commanding general tenders him his cordial thanks and wishes him all success and happiness in his future career.

The general and the army will long feel the sacrifice made in sparing the services of one so distinguished for capacity, professional acquirements, and urbanity.

BRAXTON BRAGG,

General, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF TENNESSEE,

Numbers 187. Missionary Ridge, October 16, 1863.

I. In order to augment the strength of the army and to give our brave soldiers an opportunity to visit home and provide for their families for the coming winter, the following rule is adopted:

1. A furlough of not exceeding forty days will be granted to every non-commissioned officer and private who secures a recruit for his company.

2. The recruit must be received and be mustered into the service and be doing duty in the company before the application for furlough is forwarded.

3. In all applications made in pursuance of Section 1 the commanding officer of the company will certify that the applicant has obtained an approved recruit, who has been mustered into the service and is present with the company doing duty.

II. All applications for furlough under this order will be forwarded to these headquarters, where final action upon them will be had.

By command of General Bragg:

GEORGE WM. BRENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY IN MISSISSIPPI, Foster's Mills, October 16, 1863-11 a. m.

Major-General WHEELER,Commanding Cavalry Corps:

GENERAL: Your note of yesterday was received at 1 a. m. this morning. Was pleased to hear of General Roddey, though I do not consider him as safe yet. How do you account for your not hearing from General Bragg? Can it be possible that the line is interrupted? I have Nashville papers of 9th; it is stated that the cars ran through to Stevenson to-day; was a week ago. They claimed to have captured 240 prisoners from you at Farmington and three pieces of artillery. The prisoners had arrived at Nashville. I am anxious to move, and I think we are losing golden moments in not crossing the river. I presume you have heard from General Bragg before this. I moved to this point with my command this morning for forage. I would ask, general, that you forage south or east.

If you think necessary, would be pleased to meet you to-morrow, or at any other time, at some point convenient to both of us. It

