HEADQUARTERS DIVISION, Memphis, October 4, 1863.

ColonelL. F. McCRILLIS,Commanding Second Brigade, Cavalry Division:

COLONEL: You will immediately move your entire available force to Lockhart's Mill, on the Coldwater, southeast of Mount Pleasant, leaving a battalion at Lamar as previously ordered. There is some reason to believe that the enemy contemplate a movement on the road, as you will see from the inclosed copy of a letter from Colonel Anthony.*

Send scouting parties to the vicinity of Holly Springs and Salem every day, and keep a sharp watch on the movements of the enemy. Forward any important information you may obtain to these headquarters, by way of La Fayette, as quickly as possible. Move the battalion at Early Grove to re-enforce the battalion at Lamar.

There will be two battalions of the Seventh Illinois Cavalry at Quinn and Jackson's Mill. Communicate with them by the road running south of the Coldwater, and advise them of your position, in order that you may co-operate with each other in case of necessity.

In case you alone are attacked, they could push across the Coldwater, and make a flank or rear attack on the enemy. In case you attacked, hold your ground as long as possible, and communicate the fact to these headquarters.

If information justifies, change your position, as the object of your movement is to intercept the movements of the enemy and check him in his attempt to cross the Coldwater. You had better communicate with your battalion at Lamar. Magnify the strength of your command with citizens. Let them believe you have 6,000 or 8,000. Draw your forage from the country, giving proper receipts.

By order of Colonel Edward Hatch, commanding division:

[W. P. CALLON,]

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

LA GRANGE, October 4, 1863-11 p.m.

ColonelE. HATCH,

Commanding Cavalry Division:

I start for Lockhart's Mill at 11 o'clock p.m. this day with 500 men and four guns, pursuant to orders. I leave an officer for instructions from train to-morrow morning. The battalion now out will be ordered to join me to-morrow forenoon. I have waited this long for Sixth Tennessee.

L. F. McCRILLIS,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

MEMPHIS, TENN., October 4, 1863.

Major CHARLES W. WHITSIT,

Commanding Sixth Illinois Cavalry:

MAJOR: Hold your entire command to be ready to move at a moment's notice. The enemy, it is reported, intend making an attack

---------------

*See Anthony to Binmore, p.74.

---------------

