
to press vigorously toward Knoxville as soon as possible to threaten the enemy's rear and develop him, driving him back as far as their commands will allow.

The general commanding desires that you will move immediately with your division in support of this movement, leaving about 300 men to cover our depot, &amp;c., at Chickamauga.

You will keep your left well covered and will use the railroad as far as possible. Generals Reynolds and Vaughn with their small commands will join in this movement he is now making toward Virginia.

You must subsist on the country as far as possible, and draw out of it all supplies which it will afford. For this purpose the chief of subsistence and quartermaster will send agents with your command.

The general desires that you will command the whole expedition. You will give all necessary orders and move promptly in the execution of the movement.

I inclose a copy of dispatch* from General Sam. Jones.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEORGE WM. BRENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS, Colonel Richard Jones' House, October 17, 1863-11.15 a. m.

General WILL T. MARTIN,Commanding Cavalry Division:

GENERAL: I am directed by General Wheeler to say that, instructions having been received from General Bragg directing him without delay to get his command in readiness for active movement, you will renew your exertions to get the command shod and fully prepared for any movements.

He desires that no men shall be permitted to leave camp, except such as are sent on necessary details, as it is of great importance the horses should be rested as much as possible.

Very respectfully, general, your obedient servant,

WM. E. WAILES,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

MISSIONARY RIDGE, October 17, 1863.

General SAM. JONES,

Dublin Station, Va.:

Your dispatch to General Cooper received. Will move on enemy's rear from here immediately.

BRAXTON BRAGG.

[OCTOBER 17, 1863.]

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant-General:

Will try and relieve General Jones by a move on enemy's rear.

BRAXTON BRAGG.

---------------

*See p. 756.

---------------

