
DUBLIN, October 17, 1863.

Captain BAYNES,

Commanding Thirty-sixth Battalion:

Proceed with your battalion to Abingdon without delay and report to the major-general commanding.

Your obedient servant,

CHAS. S. STRINGFELLOW,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

ABINGDON, October 17, 1863.

Honorable J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War:

The enemy has fallen back beyond Bristol. Destroyed about 4 miles of the railroad this side of Bristol, and I am informed they destroyed the bridge at Zollicoffer. A part of my cavalry is in Bristol.

SAM. JONES,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY IN MISSISSIPPI, Foster's Mills, October 17, 1863.

Major General JOSEPH WHEELER,Commanding Cavalry Corps, near Courtland, Ala.:

GENERAL: I received your last communication at 9 a. m. this morning. It is strange that you have not heard from General Bragg, and I fear your line of couriers has been interrupted. The river is now rising and the chances of crossing are slim. Under these circumstances I do not deem it proper that so large a cavalry force should be kept idle and will return to Mississippi, commencing my move day after to-morrow morning, and sooner should the enemy cross Bear Creek in force.

I regret, general, that my trip has been of no avail so far as assisting General Bragg, but I did not deem it prudent to cross the Tennessee River alone when with a larger force you had not been able to maintain yourself against a superior force of the enemy. Together I think we might have held Middle Tennessee and compelled Rosecrans to fall back, and regret you did not deem it prudent to cross with me. Of course any orders from General Bragg will influence me in my move.

I am, general, yours, respectfully,

S. D. LEE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS, Near Courtland, Ala., October 17, 1863.

Major General STEPHEN D. LEE,Commanding Cavalry Corps:

GENERAL: I have just received a dispatch from General Bragg, a copy of which you will find inclosed.* This is in reply to my dispatch

---------------

*See Brent to Wheeler, p. 746.

---------------

