
of the night of the 9th instant, previous to my having heard of your arrival at South Florence. I hope to receive to-night an answer to the dispatch sent to General Bragg on the night I was with you at Colonel Saunders'. I trust you will receive to-night a reply also to your dispatch to General Bragg. I feel that I ought not to leave this house until I receive a reply to my second dispatch to General Bragg. As soon as possible I will take pleasure in meeting you at some designated point.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOS. WHEELER,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF TENNESSEE, Missionary Ridge, October 17, 1863.

Major-General WHEELER,Commanding Cavalry Corps, Courtland, Ala.:

GENERAL: The general commanding instructs me to say that he wishes you to move with your command in this direction, and that you will receive orders at or near Guntersville.

You may be required to cross the Tennessee at that point, and you should therefore provide yourself with the means of doing so, if it be practicable.

You will open communication, if possible, with General Roddey, from whom no report has been received.

Major-General Lee has been requested to remain in this department as long as his instructions will permit, and to operate against the advancing columns of the enemy.

Be good enough to have the letters to Generals Lee and Roddey delivered.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEORGE WM. BRENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF TENNESSEE, Missionary Ridge, October 17, 1863.

Major General S. D. LEE,Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: The general commanding instructs me to say that he desires you will remain in this department as long as you can consistently with your instructions, and operate against the advancing columns of the enemy, checking and impeding him, breaking his communications, and if possible throwing a force north of the Tennessee to strike at the enemy's rear.

Our cavalry in North Alabama will report to and act under you.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEORGE WM. BRENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. CAVALRY IN NORTH MISSISSIPPI,

Numbers 68. Water Valley, October 18, 1863.

I. The headquarters of this command will be at Abbeville.

II. The troops of this command will be reorganized as follows:

Slemons' brigade, commanded by Colonel W. F. Slemons: Second

