
Regiment Arkansas Cavalry, Third Regiment Mississippi State Cavalry, Seventh Regiment Tennessee Cavalry, Colonel George's regiment cavalry, and McLendon's battery of 6-pounders.

McCulloch's brigade, commanded by Colonel R. McCulloch: Second Regiment Missouri Cavalry, Twelfth Regiment Mississippi Cavalry, First Regiment Mississippi Partisans, Eighteenth Battalion Mississippi Cavalry, and Buckner Battery and the rifled gun.

Richardson's brigade, commanded by Colonel R. V. Richardson: The West Tennessee brigade, with battery of 6-pounders, Colonel Lowry's regiment, and Ham's and Davenport's battalions of Mississippi State cavalry, and all other troops, whether State or Confederate, in the military district formerly commanded by Brigadier-General Ruggles.

Colonel Slemons will establish his headquarters at Wyatt, and will guard the crossings on the river from that place to Panola. Colonel McCulloch will have his headquarters at the mouth of Tippah, and will guard the crossings from Rocky Ford to Abbeville. Colonel Richardson will have his headquarters at New Albany, and will guard the approaches from Rocky Ford to Tupelo.

III. Pickets and scouts will be thrown forward by each brigade in front of its line, and an officer will be detailed as picket officer, whose duty is shall be to move constantly along the line of pickets and see that their duty is vigilantly performed.

IV. A line of couriers will be established by each brigade along its line, to connect with that from the next brigade so as to form an uninterrupted line, and all information will be forwarded promptly to these headquarters. The courier posts will not be more than 7 miles apart, and 2 couriers will be stationed at each post.

By order of Brigadier-General Chalmers:

W. A. GOODMAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. CAVALRY IN NORTH MISSISSIPPI,Numbers 159. Water Valley, October 18, 1863.

* * * * * * *

III. Slemons' and McCulloch's brigades will move at 7 a. m. to-morrow to the positions assigned them by General Orders, Numbers 68, from these headquarters.

* * * * * * *

By order of Brigadier-General Chalmers:

W. A. GOODMAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

ROGERSVILLE, October 18, 1863.

[General S. D. LEE:]

I arrived at this place at noon to-day; have ordered my supply train moved to Lamb's Ferry. I have sent scouts to ascertain the enemy's strength at Elk and Duck River bridges. Expect definite information in two or three days, and will report to you promptly.

There are no boats of any value on the river above Guntersville. At that place there is one good flat, capacity to carry 20 horses; at

