
A regiment was ordered at once to Colonel Forrest's support, and a brigade was about marching when Colonel Forrest's note was received. The order for the brigade is countermanded. There can be no doubt that the enemy is repairing the road in this direction, and guarding it with a large infantry force.

The papers I promised to send are too much worn to be read, and I will not send them.

Yours, respectfully,

S. D. LEE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY IN MISSISSIPPI, Foster's Mills, October 19, 1863.

Major General JOSEPH WHEELER,Commanding Cavalry Corps, near Courtland, Ala.:

GENERAL: Your communication of this date is received. There can be no doubt that the enemy are repairing the road in this direction from Corinth. If they come in this direction in force I shall move on them, going probably in their rear, and leave you to take care of their front, of course notifying you. I think it highly probable they will attempt to occupy Tuscumbia soon, to prevent, if possible, our flank movement on Rosecrans.

It is strange you have not heard from General Bragg again. We cannot expect to surprise the enemy. Of course they will know of our being in this vicinity and be prepared for us.

Yours, respectfully,

S. D. LEE,

Major-General.

ABINGDON, October 19, 1863.

Brigadier General A. R. LAWTON,

Quartermaster-General, Richmond:

When may I expect clothing and shoes? I am in the utmost need of them, especially of shoes.

SAM. JONES,

Major-General.

KINCANNON'S FERRY, October 19, 1863-7 p. m.

[General STEVENSON:]

I have the honor to acknowledge the reception of your dispatch. I am crossing my command as fast as possible, but cannot get over and ready to leave here before 10 o'clock p. m. It will therefore be impossible for me to reach the rear of Philadelphia at the time stated in your dispatch, the distance being 39 miles to Philadelphia. I will be there to-morrow by 12 o'clock, and sooner, if possible.

I will advise you at Sweet Water early to-morrow morning as to the locality, strength, &amp;c., of the enemy, and at what time precisely I can reach the rear of the town.

I am, general, your obedient servant,

J. J. MORRISON,

Colonel, Commanding Second Cavalry Brigade.

