
on the road in force and you may be ordered to move any moment. Issue no passes to your men; hold them all in camp.

By order of ColonelEdward Hatch, commanding division:

[W. P. CALLON,]

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY DIVISION, Memphis, October 4, 1863.

Lieutenant ColonelG. W. TRAFTON,Commanding Seventh Illinois Cavalry:

COLONEL: You will order the battalion of your regiment now at Mount

Pleasant, according to previous order, to Quinn and Jackson's Mill to re-enforce the battalion now there and relieve them as before. Forage on the country and give proper receipt. Direct the force at Quinn and Jackson's Mill to send scouting parties to Byhalia and vicinity every day, and keep a sharp lookout for the enemy. Colonel McCrillis is encamped with his brigade at Lockhart's Mill, and will communicate with your forces at the mill. Hold your command in readiness to move at an instant's warning, as there is reason to believe that the enemy will move on the road in a short time.

By order of Colonel Edward Hatch, commanding division:

[W. P. CALLON,]

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

CORINTH, October 4, 1863.

Major-General HURLBUT:

The following just received:

LA GRANGE, October 4.

Brig. General E. A. CARR:

Intelligence of the following intended movements of rebel troops has been received by Colonel Anthony, commanding at Collierville, which he deems reliable: Loring's division [12,000] to move up Mobile and Ohio Railroad on Corinth. Ruggles, by way of Pontotoc, New Albany, and Ripley, with 4,000 on Pocahontas. Ferguson by Rocky Ford and Salem, and Chalmers by way of Holly Springs, with 6,000 on Moscow and La Grange. After a feint on the two latter places they are to concentrate and make real attack on Corinth. Secessionists say the real attack on Corinth. Secessionists say the real attack will be on Memphis.

T. W. SWEENY.

Brigadier-General.

I will keep scouts and reconnaissances out as much as possible.

E. A. CARR,

Brigadier-General.

WASHINGTON, October 4, 1863-10.24 a.m.

Brigadier-General ALLEN,

Saint Louis, Mo.:

The locomotives at Cairo were sent from Memphis by General Hurlbut. Why, I cannot ascertain. Are they not wanted in West Tennessee, to supply Grant's forces as they move from Corinth to

