
Decatur? The forces sent on that line will exceed 20, OOO. Why these locomotives were to be sent to Louisville, I cannot understand. If they will not be wanted on the other route, they can go.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

WAR DEPARTMENT, October 4, 1863-4,45 p.m.

Colonel THOMAS A. SCOTT,

Louisville:

This Department has received no intelligence of any of Grant's corps coming up to Louisville from Cairo. The moment any such intelligence reaches here you shall be notified.*

I am forwarding from here a large supply of wagons, teams, &amp;c., for army transportation to supply the troops that have gone forward and the losses lately incurred by Rosecrans.

EDWIN M. STANTON.

WAR DEPARTMENT, October 4, 1863-4.45 p.m.

Brigadier-General MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General, Chattanooga:

Your very interesting reports have been received, and I thank you much for the intelligence conveyed. The army transportation advised by you to be forwarded is now being shipped by rail from here as fast as possible, and will be pushed forward with the utmost speed.

"All quiet on the Potomac." Nothing to disturb autumnal slumbers. Your friends here are well. All public interest is now concentrated on the Tennessee and at Chattanooga.

Please report often and full.

EDWIN M. STANTON.

NASHVILLE, October 4, 1863.

General MEIGS:

McMinnville, with all the stores, was captured yesterday. The bridge burned and one engine and eleven cars destroyed. Forrest did this. He has 4,000 men and four guns.

H. C. HODGES,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Chief Quartermaster.

NASHVILLE, TENN., October 4, 1863-9 p.m. [Received 1.30 p.m., 5th.]

Major THOMAS T. ECKERT, Washington, D. C.:

Enemy's cavalry, supposed to be Wheeler's captured McMinnville to-night. Now moving on Manchester. Will no doubt cut the railroad in the vicinity of Tullahoma soon.

SAM. BRUCH,

Assistant Superintendent Military Telegraph.

---------------

*See last paragraph, Scott to Stanton, Series I, Vol. XXIX, Part I, p.189.

---------------

