
What more he could expect from me to induce him to move, or what I may hope from him in covering my left flank, after all this, I cannot tell. By his failure hitherto to close to our left we have lost 400 wagons, a large number of our mules, and the post of McMinnville; a train of 11 cars, and what other mischief they will yet do. I fear he will not assist us in pursuing the rebels, who are in heavy force, and doubtless mean to do all possible mischief to the railroad, and sweep around on Burnside's communications, and come out in East Tennessee or Virginia.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

CAMP NEAR PRYOR'S HOUSE, October 4, 1863-4 p.m.

Major F. S. BOND,

Aide-de-Camp, Chattanooga:

Message received. I have sent for such tools as I need, and will do all in my power to push the line. Shall be at foot of mountain on Haley's road to-night with end of wires, but shall not move office till to-morrow evening, when I intend to move it to Bob White's, cutting off two courier posts. The trains on the road delay me very much, as in many places the road is too narrow to pass. I intend to ask the general to give me a company, which I may instruct in line building, and keep them for such work, and so be rid of the nuisance of these cowardly laborers, to whom I am paying high wages and who fail me at every show of danger.

Very respectfully,

J. C. VAN DUZER,

Assistant Superintendent.

CIRCULAR.] HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND, Chattanooga,

Chattanooga, Tenn., October 4, 1863.

The general commanding directs you to enjoin upon your pickets that all intercourse between them and the rebel pickets, such as holding conversations, laying down their arms and approaching each other, &amp;c., is strictly forbidden and must not be continued. Let them understand that they are to be civil and well behaved, but that they cannot communicate with each other unless to exchange newspapers, and then such exchange can only be made under sanction and superintendence of a commissioned officer.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. McMICHAEL,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Copy to corps commanders.]
HEADQUARTERS NINETY-SECOND ILLINOIS VOLUNTEERS, Harrison's Landing, Tenn., October 4, 1863-6.30 p.m.

ColonelC. GODDARD,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: All quiet along the river. The enemy placed pickets last night and kept them there to-day at Igou's and Thatcher's. I

