
connect with Colonel McCook 2 miles below Nelson's Ferry, and picket the river at every crossing up to Thatcher's, 14 miles above here, with patrols between frequently. I have three companies on courier duty, and cannot expect to resist successfully if the enemy is determined to cross in force, but can hope there shall be no surprise. The river has risen 2 feet, making it difficult to ford.

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,

SMITH D. ATKINS,

Colonel Ninety-second Illinois Volunteers.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH ARMY CORPS, October 4, 1863-5.30 a.m.

Brig. General J. A. GARFIELD,Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: All quiet on my front this morning. Last night numerous fires were seen on the left on Missionary Ridge, but all had disappeared by daylight. On the extreme right of my line chopping of trees and digging was heard by the advance pickets, and the noise of wagons or artillery moving on Lookout Mountain. The enemy's band was playing in front at daylight.

Respectfully,

A. McD. McCOOK,

Major-General, Commanding.

OCTOBER 4, 1863.

Special morning report of Colonel Sherman, commanding First Brigade, Third Division, officer of the day for Third Division front, transmitted 4th October, 1863, 6 a.m., by Lieutenant Jackson, of his staff:

All quiet during the night on this front; no movements of the enemy's troops heard or seen, but it seems as though they are preparing to put a heavy gun in position. At midnight a man was out in front of the picket-line to observe the enemy. He reports that from that time forward there were sounds of axmen and the handling of squared timber at the rebel battery on Lookout Mountain. Lieutenant Jackson, aide-de-camp to Colonel Sherman, was on the line this morning. He reports that he heard a heavy team, with its drivers whipping and cursing the horses, move up along the line of the road from the foot of the mountain to the rebel battery, when the team stopped; the time occupied in the ascent, one hour, 3.30 to 4.30 o'clock this morning. Judging from the sounds, he thinks it was a heavy gun.

Respectfully submitted to Major-General McCook for his information.

HORACE N. FISHER,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Inspector-General.

[First indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH ARMY CORPS, October 4, 1863.

Respectfully forwarded.

A. McD. McCOOK,Major-General, Commanding.

6 R R-VOL XXX, PT IV

