
[Second indorsement.]

A copy of this report was forwarded at about 8 a.m. to-day to General Garfield with a report of the effective strength of the Twentieth Army Corps by regiments. I sent both reports forward myself.

Very respectfully,

G. P. THRUSTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.

[Third indorsement.]

BOND: Does the general wish to see General McCook's report by regiments?

W. McM.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Fourth indorsement.]

Yes; it has been asked for early this morning.

BOND.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND, Chattanooga, October 4, 1863.

Major General T. L. CRITTENDEN:

The general commanding directs me to call your attention to the large number of men of the Second and Third Divisions of your corps reported by the inspector as "other than fighting men," including teamsters and extra-duty men of all classes. In the First Division but 227 are reported; in the Second Division 698 men; in the Third Division 563 men. The general commanding directs that you cause this matter to be thoroughly investigated, and the number reduced as much as possible, and every available man returned to the ranks.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,C. GODDARD,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, TWENTY-FIRST ARMY CORPS, Chattanooga, October 4, 1863.

Captain P. P. OLDERSHAW,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: In reply to your communication of this date calling for explanation of discrepancy in effective force of reports of September 28 and October 3, I have the honor to state that report of September 28 included officers of brigade headquarters, escort, provost guard, &amp;c., in all amounting to 76 men; special details from Eighth Indiana Battery, 15; special details from Second Brigade for train guard, 20; special details from Third Brigade for train guard, 223; special details from First Brigade, 21; total, 155.

The officers are accounted for in the same way. In the report of October 3 I did not report headquarters, as the order was a report of effective force by regiments.

