
TULLAHOMA, October 4, 1863-9 a.m.

General MORGAN:

Men of the Fourth East Tennessee, just in from McMinnville, report that Major Patterson surrendered yesterday, after an hour's fight, about 1 o'clock. The railroad bridge, 2 miles this side of McMinnville, burned at dusk yesterday. Railroad train burned at same time.

JOHN COBURN,

Colonel, Commanding.

TULLAHOMA, October 4, 1863-12 m.

Colonel GODDARD,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

McMinnville was captured at 1 o'clock p.m. yesterday by rebel cavalry. The bridge north of that place was burned, also the railroad train. Shall Manchester be evacuated?

JOHN COBURN.

BRIDGEPORT, October 4, 1863-11.30 p.m.

General J. D. MORGAN:

Colonel McCook, with First Wisconsin and Second Indiana, attacked Wheeler's force, 4,000 strong, at Anderson's Cross-Roads yesterday, killing and wounding 120, capturing 87; also recaptured 809 mules and what Government property they had with them. Just received 60 prisoners.

R. F. SMITH,

Colonel, Commanding Post.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES, Anderson's Cross-Roads, October 4, 1863.

ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL,Department of the Cumberland, Chattanooga:

COLONEL: I have received orders requiring the occupation of this position, and am making dispositions accordingly. I have the Tenth and Sixtieth Illinois, Tenth Michigan, and a detachment of Third Ohio Infantry, making some 1,100 men; also section of Edgarton's [Ohio] battery. I need a company of cavalry, and am advised by General Mitchell to ask the detachment of one company of the Third Indiana [I think was the regiment]; also the establishment of a courier-line from this point intersecting the Chattanooga and Bridgeport line.

In sending back to Bridgeport to-day for supplies, I have also sent the mules and part of harness secured from destruction of train. I hardly need the Third Ohio if they are wanted at Battle Creek or Bridgeport, and have so notified the post commandant at Bridgeport.

Three good regiments such as I have are, I think, all-sufficient.

General Mitchell and Colonel McCook have gone toward McMinnville, and the Fifth Kentucky Cavalry have since passed, following them.

Respectfully,

JOHN TILLSON,

Colonel Tenth Illinois Infantry, Comdg. U. S. Forces.

