
port. Put the pontoon bridge in order so as to be ready for crossing the river. Station sufficient detachments of the Twelfth Corps at such points along the railroad between Nashville and Bridgeport as will secure our communication against cavalry raids. Heavy force of rebel cavalry struck McMinnville yesterday, and will doubtless try to strike the railroad at Elk River and between there and Nashville. Maps have been ordered sent you from Nashville. We hope to hear soon where the rebel cavalry intend to strike. Our cavalry is in pursuit and fighting them in rear.

J. A. GARFIELD,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

STEVENSON, October 4, 1863-11 a.m.

Brigadier-General GARFIELD,

Chief of Staff, Chattanooga:

An order just received from you dated October 1, regarding bridges at Bridgeport and crossing my command. General Rosecrans' subsequent orders requiring me to assume command here, to post my divisions at Wartrace, Decherd, &amp;c., I am now acting on, disregarding the order of October 1. Am I right? If a division is to be sent to Therman, I would suggest General Morgan's command, which I can relieve for that purpose, as I have no transportation.

JOSEPH HOOKER,

Major-General, Commanding.

STEVENSON, October 4, 1863- a.m.

Brigadier-General GARFIELD:

The troops referred to in my dispatch as awaiting an opportunity to join the army at Chattanooga were the One hundred and first Illinois Regiment, unassigned, and detachments of two Indiana regiments, numbered not known. The latter, I am informed, have gone forward with some of the trains; the former is in camp at Bridgeport. I have suggested to Major-General Howard the propriety of encamping along the road between Bridgeport and Jasper until they have placed it in substantial repair.

HOOKER,

Major-General.

STEVENSON, October 4, 1863-5.30 p.m.

Brigadier-General GARFIELD,

Chief of Staff, Chattanooga:

Major-General Howard will build the bridge at Bridgeport tomorrow morning, as ordered in dispatch of October 1. The opposite shore is not occupied.

JOSEPH HOOKER,

Major-General, Commanding.

