HEADQUARTERS SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Memphis, Tenn., October 1, 1863.

Brigadier-General ALLEN,Saint Louis, Mo.:

This command is out of forage. Two divisions are expected daily. Forage must be force down on light [draught] boats at once.

S. A. HURLBUT,

Major-General.

CHATTANOOGA, TENN., October 1, 1863-10 p.m. [Received 3.50 p.m. 2nd .]

Hon. E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Rain at last; truly grateful in laying the dust, which had become a serious affliction to this army. The river rises. The bridges are carefully watched, and pontoon bridge will soon be ready to substitute for the trestle bridge, which must go if the water rises much. Two heavy rifles crossed the river and are in position-30 pounder Parrotts. They are looking on with much satisfaction. Flying bridge and a steam-boat will serve us, if the bridges go, until the pontoon bridge is established. Fighting yesterday at Cotton Port Ford, near Washington, where rebel cavalry attempted to cross in force. Result not known. Colonel Byrd reported flanked, and driven out of Charleston by heavy infantry force. Road from Bridgeport over the mountains execrable, and wearing out teams. All our supplies, except forage from the country, come that way at present. This army is most ready, and laborious as well as courageous. It builds its own bridges, makes pontoons, and lives within itself. It is in many respects most admirable. General Rosecrans says that he marched with twenty-five days' supplies in his wagons, except forage, which can be got from the country.

M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General.

CHATTANOOGA, TENN., October 1, 1863-10.30 a.m. [Received 4.15 p.m., 2nd .]

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

All quiet here. Enemy on our front. Our wounded coming in. Raining heavily. River begins to rise. Roads will be awful. Enemy's cavalry forced passage at several points below Kingston. Thought to be moving toward McMinnville. Another cavalry column crossed at Gunter's Landing; reported at New Market yesterday. They will aim to destroy our railroad communication. Our cavalry concentrated to oppose the column between us and Kingston. As I have often advised, more mounted force will be needful to cover our advance, or even hold our own. I must have an able cavalry commander. Stanley much disabled; Mitchell also. Can't you send me John Buford? No news from Sherman. Dispatch from Burnside, dated yesterday afternoon at Knoxville. No mention made of movement of enemy now between us. Regret he did not move his

