HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND, Chattanooga, October 4, 1863.

Major-General HOOKER,Stevenson:

The general commanding directs that you examine the fortifications at Stevenson and Bridgeport, and make such alterations and additions as you may think necessary for the protection of the depots. Send sketches of your additions and alterations.

D. G. SWAIM,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND, Chattanooga, October 4, 1863-8.30 p.m.

Major-General HOOKER,Stevenson:

Your dispatch and General Butterfield's of 11 a.m. to-day are received. It was the intention of the general commanding to put your force across the river at Bridgeport as soon as you were supplied with field transportation, and the dispatch of October 1 was written with that in view. Since then the bulk of the enemy's cavalry has crossed the river, and is now rapidly approaching the line of railroad between Bridgeport and Nashville. The general commanding directs you to take the necessary steps to protect the railroad, and at the same time push forward the preparations for crossing the river as soon as the situation will warrant it. It is hoped you may be able to protect the railroad by stopping detachments of the Twelfth Corps as they arrive at the threatened points. The rebel cavalry having passed Therman, you need not send a force there at present.

An order was sent to you to the care of Brigadier-General Granger at Nashville in regard to protecting the railroad against the raid. It was expected to meet you at Nashville, and General Granger was directed to advise you of the points most exposed. It appears from your dispatch that you did not receive it. The general commanding hopes that the enemy's cavalry will soon be destroyed, and that he may be able to bring your whole command forward to this side of the river. I have just sent you a set of maps. I hope soon to supply your officers.

J. A. GARFIELD,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS ELEVENTH AND TWELFTH CORPS, Stevenson, Ala., October 4, 1863.

Brigadier-General GARFIELD,Chief of Staff, Army of the Cumberland:

GENERAL: I inclose herewith copies of the orders issued from these headquarters.

The first telegraphic orders from General Rosecrans required me to push on to Bridgeport. Upon my arrival at Nashville, orders were received to push forward here and assume command. The first telegraphic dispatch required me to guard the line of communication from Wartrace to Bridgeport. Subsequent to this a telegram was received, which might leave the supposition that I was to guard with my forces the whole line to Nashville. Having sent out the orders in

