
accordance with the first telegram, and on the assurances of General R. S. Granger that he could protect the line from Wartrace to Nashville, to avoid the confusion and delay in transportation the order was not changed, and stands as promulgated, marked A, inclosed. [See telegram annexed.]

The horses for my artillery have not yet arrived. The batteries at Bridgeport are without power to move until the arrival of the animals; their arrival is uncertain in consequence of the lack of proper cars for their transportation. The transportation and ambulances for my command have been promised by quartermaster, Lieutenant-Colonel Hodges, and a regiment left to march with it from Nashville. The quartermaster at this point is without forage for the animals; instructions have been issued to gather it from the country if it can be found. Major-General Howard will commence the bridge at Bridgeport to-morrow morning.

As the telegraphic instructions conflicted somewhat, I have to request that the line intrusted to me may be made as definite and certain as circumstances will permit. Application was made at Nashville for maps, and none could be obtained; the command is still without them.

I should like to be furnished with the standing orders of the department, that they may be promulgated for the information and government of my command. Colonel Goddard, assistant adjutant-general, has, from the last tri-monthly report, memoranda giving the organization and numbers of my command. The usual reports will be forwarded as soon as the troops are all in.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOSEPH HOOKER,

Major-General, Commanding.

OCTOBER 5, 1863-9 a.m.

P. S. The courier has arrived with the package of maps. Your dispatch of this date just received. The dispositions as intended had been ordered, Major-General Slocum with his corps being directed to anticipate, if possible, the movements of the enemy's cavalry. General Granger has been directed to call from this part of the road such forces as he desires to strengthen his defenses between Nashville and Wartrace. Portions of General Slocum's command were ordered to be landed at Murfreesborough upon the strength of several reports from refugees and deserters, that the enemy's attack would be upon that place, although it would appear that he ought to direct his attention to Elk and Duck River bridges, for the accomplishment of his supposed purposes of destroying our communication. The favorable report of Colonel McCook's operations, forwarded herewith, may have frustrated the entire operations.

JOSEPH HOOKER,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.]

STEVENSON, October 3, 1863-9.30 p.m.

Major-General SLOCUM, Care General Granger, Nashville:

The commanding general directs that you disembark one division of your corps at Decherd and one at Wartrace; that you hasten up and assume command of these two points and the intermediate sta-

