
tions between here and Wartrace on the line of communication. The general is advised of an intended cavalry raid, which you are especially directed to look after and prevent its interfering with the railroad. Disembark one battery at each point, if necessary; the remainder to be sent on here. Supplies to be required for, and drawn from, Nashville, if not sufficient at the points named. Have the roads and approaches to the railroad at these points examined at the earliest possible moment, and pickets thrown well out.

Acknowledge the receipt of this.

DANL. BUTTERFIELD,

Major-General, Chief of Staff.

[Copy to commanding officers at Decherd and Cowan.]

[Inclosure No. 2.]

A.

STEVENSON, ALA., October 4, 1863-6 p.m.

Major-General SLOCUM,

Commanding Twelfth Corps:

The following extracts from telegraphic instructions of the general commanding the department are furnished for your government and information:

Station sufficient detachments of the Twelfth Corps at such points along the railroad between Nashville and Bridgeport as will insure our communications against cavalry raids. Heavy force of rebel cavalry struck McMinnville yesterday, and will doubtless try to take the railroad at Elk River, and between there and Nashville. We hope soon to hear where the rebel cavalry intend to strike. Our cavalry is in pursuit, and fighting them in rear.

General Hooker, to avoid confusion, will not for the present modify the instructions concerning your guarding the road, but relies upon you to relieve and send to General R. S. Granger all his forces within your district, that he may have the more effectives for that portion of the road which he assured the general he could take care of. A copy of this dispatch will be furnished him.

DANL. BUTTERFIELD,

Major-General, Chief of Staff.

General GRANGER,

Nashville:

Foregoing furnished for your information. If your force is not strong enough, withdraw from Slocum's line, but General Hooker prefers none to be taken back until Slocum's are in position, to prevent confusion.

DANL. BUTTERFIELD,

Major-General, Chief of Staff.

[Inclosure No. 3.]
HEADQUARTERS ELEVENTH AND TWELFTH CORPS, Stevenson, October 4, 1863.

Major General H. W. SLOCUM,Commanding Twelfth Corps:

GENERAL: Inclosed is a copy of dispatch* sent you last evening. Its contents are so far modified as to direct that you keep your bat-

---------------

*See p.91.

---------------

