
STEVENSON, October 4, 1863.

Major-General SLOCUM:

The general commanding directs that you report at once the whereabouts of your command. You are referred to General Granger for information regarding an anticipated raid. You will at once take the necessary steps to anticipate the designs of the enemy. Have troops put in position at Elk River and Duck River bridges. The general has not received any reports from you since your command left Washington. The troops of your command that have passed here have been returned to Decherd.

DANL. BUTTERFIELD,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

STEVENSON, October 4, 1863-11.50 p.m.

Major-General SLOCUM:

Furnish General Granger with such troops as he may require to make Murfreesborough secure. Do not let any troops be withdrawn from there until it is so.

JOSEPH HOOKER,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS TWELFTH CORPS, Nashville, Tenn., October 4, 1863.

Brig. General A. S. WILLIAMS,Commanding Division:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs that you make such dispositions of your command as will best serve to protect the railroad from Tullahoma to Tantalon, including the latter place. The principal points are the bridges and trestle-works, at all of which strong guards must be stationed, and every means adopted to prevent their destruction by the enemy. Requisitions will be made upon the quartermaster at Nashville for such intrenching tools as may be necessary. The following are the most important points on your line: Trestle-work about 3 miles from Tullahoma; brigades at Elk River, Decherd, Cowan's, the tunnel and trestles between there and Tantalon. Works should be thrown up at the most important points for the protection of artillery. Two batteries will be assigned to you as soon as they arrive. Transportation, quartermaster and commissary stores, &amp;c., will be drawn at Nashville; ammunition and ordnance at Murfreesborough. Your headquarters will be at Decherd. Headquarters of the corps until further orders at Nashville.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. C. RODGERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

STEVENSON, October 4, 1863.

Major-General HOWARD,

Bridgeport.

Return all the regiments of the Twelfth Corps by first train.

DANL. BUTTERFIELD,

Major-General, Chief of Staff.

