
ably 10,000 strong. Ferguson and Chalmers have 6,000 mounted men and eight pieces of artillery near Wyatt. They are too late to stop Sherman's advance, but if they remain there after he moves, will give me a great deal of trouble and probably break the road. Pemberton's force is officially announced exchanged, and has no doubt relieved Loring at Meridian. They are certainly gathering from 15,000 to 20,000 men in Mississippi north of Grenada.

S. A. HURLBUT,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Memphis, Ten., October 5, 1863.

Brig. General JOHN A. RAWLINS,A. A. G., Dept. of the Tennessee, Vicksburg, Miss.:

GENERAL: Sherman's troops are arriving and moving out; two divisions are beyond Corinth. Johnston has been organizing and reviewing troops. Stephen D. Lee has command of the cavalry - about 6,000 strong. They are massing near Wyatt with eight pieces of artillery. Loring's division is at or near Okolona, and everything indicates a dash on the road. My cavalry is on the line from Salem across by the Coldwater, to observe and repel the movement as well as to forage. They are too late to stop Sherman, but unless withdrawn will annoy me very much when he moves on. The line of telegraph has been cut twice in two days, and is now down.

I exceedingly dislike this flank march of Sherman's, but suppose it will turn out right. It is said Pemberton's exchanged men supply Loring's place at Meridian. I have yet no knowledge that they are exchanged, except a printed notice in the Mobile papers. We are prepared here for anything. The whole line is rigidly closed, and we watch for what may turn up.

Your obedient servant,

S. A. HURLBUT,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS POST OF CAIRO, Cairo, October 5, 1863.

Major General S. A. HURLBUT,Comdg. Sixteenth Army Corps, Memphis, Tenn.:

GENERAL: Inclosed I have the honor to forward you copies of telegrams received and sent relative to the locomotives sent by you to Nashville.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. F. LYNCH,

Colonel Fifty-eighth Illinois Infantry, Comdg.

[Inclosure No. 1.]

WASHINGTON, October 2, 1863-6.20 p.m.

COMMANDING OFFICER,

Cairo, Ill.:

It is reported that there are six locomotives at Cairo to be sent to Louisville. Where did they come from, and by whose orders are they to be sent to Louisville? Answer.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

