1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
hu
5^
1833
The SPEAKER. The House is acting un-
der a suspension of the rules. The gentleman
from New York [Mr. Smith] is recognized as
entitled to the floor.
Mr. SMITH, of New York. I offer the
amendment which I send to the desk.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Waitone
moment; I want my motion decided.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York is recognized, and offers an amendment
to the amendment of the gentleman from
Massachusetts.
Mr. SMITH, of New York. I will yield to
the gentleman from Massachusetts after my
amendment is read.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I raise the point of
order that there is already pending an amend-
ment to the amendment.
The SPEAKER. That is not the state of
the question. The House agreed that these
two amendments, one offered by the gentle-
man from Illinois [Mr. Farnsworth] for the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Banks,]
and the other offered by the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Butler,] should be con-
sidered as pending as disconnected amend-
ments. It was agreed by a suspension of the
rules that they should both be brought before
the House.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Then I ask that the
amendment of the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Smith] be read.
The SPEAKER. That will be done.
The Clerk read as follows:
Add to the amendment of Mr. Butlek, of Massa-
chusetts, the following: .
Until they shall allow the examining board, in the
designation of candidates to the appointing officer—
1. To give preference to honorably discharged
soldiers of the Union armies.
2. To give preference, in appointments to the
Executive Departments in Washington, to candi-
dates from the congressional district which would
be entitled to the place upon a fair distribution ot
the appointments in such department throughout
the several congressional districts.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I raise the point of
order that that amendment proposes new legis-
lation, and is not in order.
Mr. SARGENT. It is a limit on the appro-
priation.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the
point of order. The amendment is not in
order.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. The gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. Smith] yields to
me, I believe.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Butler] will proceed.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. It be-
came necessary that some one should be
appointed to fill the place of that light-keeper.
Of course nobody but an engineer could be
appointed. Thereupon notice was sent to the
superintendent of lights in Boston. Under
the old system he would have called upon the
inspector of the light-house, and the two to-
gether would have selected a proper man for
the place. But the superintendent of lights
at Boston sent word to the Light-House Board
at Washington; and the board thereupon
ordered a competitive examination of all the
light-keepers in that light district, including
assistant light-keepers, who did not desire the
place, who could not fill it, and many of whom
were miles away at sea and could not leave
their lights more than once a week unless the
weather was fair. They all had to pay their
expenses to come and be examined, knowing
that they could not pass because they did not
understand engineering. And after all the
examination, a person outside had to be taken.
In the mean time the lights all along that coast
were left without proper care; and m the
mean time that most important h^ht and tog
signal, essential to the protection ot the whole
commerce of that coast, was left m a. danger-
ous condition. I only wish that at that time
a well-laden ship of these civil service reform-
ers might have come upon that coast and met
42D Com 3D SBSS.—NO. 103.
its fate, provided the master and crew could
have gotten off safely. [Laughter.]
Thus I have illustrated in some degree the
evils of this system. What possible good is
it? Mark me, I do not speak against proper
examinations. There always have been proper
examinations of candidates. The difficulty we
have met has not been in the clerical labor
and the under officers of the Government. If
there has been any difficulty it has been found
in the higher officers of the Government, and
not those who do the ordinary clerical labor
of the Departments.
Again, it takes away the power from the
head of the Department. He has to appoint
one of these boards. Every man and woman
in the Departments who hopes for a promotion
looks to that board as their chief. They are
more anxious to be able to please the board
and to please the members of the board than
to please the Secretary of the Department.
And they are very much in favor of it because
it has made them little gods of clay and stone
in their Department whom all must fall down
and worship. [Great laughter.]
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BURCHARD. Mr. Speaker, I wish
to say a word in regard to the amendment of
my colleague pertaining to the publication of
documents. I cannot understand the neces-
sity that members of this Congress should pro-
vide legislation for the next. It seems to me
we can trust to the wisdom of our successors
in reference t :> the publication of the proceed-
ings of that Congress and of the reports of the
executive officers of the Government. It is a
new-born zeal. I have with pleasure followed
the lead of my colleague in favor of economy,
but I cannot follow him when he asks that we
should withhold the publication of the pro-
ceedings of Congress or of the reports made
to the two Houses by the Executive Depart-
ments. We shall miss in the future the elo-
quent voice of many gentlemen to whom we
listen with pleasure now. We shall miss
from the Globe what no doubt they would say.
But that is no reason why the words of those
who may in the future enlighten Congress
shall be withheld from the people and the
privilege denied their constituents of learning
what they may say and do.
Now, in regard to the distribution of doc-
ments. There are valuable documents that
are sent to the people. They are not sent in-
discriminately by members of Congress who
understand their business. They do not send
agricultural reports to merchauts. They do
not send reports on navigation and commerce
to farmers. Men who understand the value
of these reports send them with discrimination
and judgment. The libraries of newspaper
editors should be furnished by the member of
Congress from the district with messages and
reports of the Executive Departments. Why
should not these reports be published and
sent as heretofore? Why should this inform-
ation be confined merely to the leading
papers—to those rich newspaper offices which
can afford to purchase them.
I say let us continue the publication of these
reports. Becanse the franking privilege has
been abolished that is 110 reason to suppose
those who will be members of Congress in the
future will be so penurious and miserly as to
refuse to pay postage, if necessary, ana to send
those reports to their constituents wno desire
them. If that is found to be the case at the
next session of Congress, it will be changed.
If the next Congress finds reports and aocu-
ments undistributed and accumulating 011 ac-
count of the postage, then I have the confi-
dence to believe that Congress will be suih-
cientlv economical to refuse to publish them.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Will my colleague
permit me to ask him a question ?
Mr. BURCHARD. Certainly.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I wish to know from
my colleague whether it is not better to make
some reform in the publication of these books
than to add three or four thousand dollars
per annum to the salary of members of Con-
gress under the pretense they need it-for the
purpose of paying postage ?
Mr. BURCHARD. I am' not afraid the
salaries of members of Congress will be raised
on account of that pretense. Listening to the
remarks of gentlemen who have discussed the
question of the repeal of the franking priv-
ilege 
Mr. FARNSWORTH. That is the very
point.
Mr. BURCHARD. I say listening to the
discussions on this subject they have convinced
me if we pay postage ourselves it will not cost
more than one or two hundred dollars. I
think we can afford to pay it if the franking
privilege is cut off. I have followed the gen-
tleman in his legislation to repeal the franking
privilege ; but that is no reason why we should
repeal the law providing for the publication of
these reports.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. COBURN. Mr. Speaker, this question
is argued as if the agricultural reports and the
Patent Office reports .were all that were to be
considered in this discussion. Now they are
among the very smallest part, in my judgment,
so far as the information that is available to
the people in regard to the management of
this Government is concerned; they are the
most insignificant as to general influence in
public affairs, though the most numerous that
are sent out. Why, sir, how are tlie people to
be informed; how are they to have a general
diffusion of the knowledge of the workings of
your various great Departments, the State,
Treasury, Navy, War, Interior, Post Office
Departments 5 how are they to know these
things without purchasing these books, unless
you furnish them free? Now they go to the
libraries of the country. Now they can be
found by rich and poor alike. Now they are
accessible to all. But pass this bill in this
shape and in what condition do you leave the
poor men, the young men of the country who
are unable to buy these valuable documents?
Some of the most important of them are the
most scarce A small edition is printedot
them; four, five, or six sets for a district.
Who is to buy your census reports? Who is
to buy the four or five volumes of the reports
of some of your Departments, such as that of
the Secretary of War or of State? Ihey can-
not be bought except by a few rich men. And
the very young men who are fitting themselves
for public life, the very men who must occupy
the presidential chair, the very men who must
fill the Halls of Congress and of State Legisla-
tures, who must guide public opinion and
shape the policy and determine the future fate
of the country, will be unable to inform them-
selves. *
Why, sir, what is our Government? It is
the government of the people. Gentlemen
talk here as if there were some special class
of beings in the country that, ought to manage
public affairs. But, sir, the very foundation
of our Government only rests safely upon a
full and accurate and complete information
of the working of all of its departments, and
in the great fact that all that information is
furnished free. If, sir, we are to rely upon the
newspapers, if we are to rely upon such pub-
lications as can be purchased, if we are to rely
upon the garbled statements-it I may use the
expression—of men who choose to get out this,
that, and the other public document, in whole
or in part, as it may please them, and put it
before the people at the time they choose to
put it, what will be the state of public opinion .
It makes no difference, sir, whether these
documents are preserved or not. 1 he object
is to have them furnished at once, that the
people may be able to make up their minds on
these questions in any emergency. And lor
that reason vou have erected within the snaauw
