1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1685
my hand may be added to that offered by the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr, Banks.]
I ask the Clerk to read it now as a portion of
my remarks.
The Clerk read as follows:
Provided, That the Secretary of the Interior shall
Since a eopy of every public document deemed by
lin useful for that purpose in each of two libraries
in each congressional district, to be accessible to any
citizen on application.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. It is impossible
in the brief time allowed me to say what ought
to be said in regard to several amendments
which have not been under debate this morn-
ing. I ask the attention first to an amendment
offered by the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Farnsworth,] and adopted by the Committee
of the Whole, in regard to our public build-
ings. I ask the Clerk to read a letter which I
have just received from the Secretary of the
Treasury on this subject.
The Clerk read as follows:
TreasiJky Dspahtskxt,
Office of the Secretary,
February 22, 1873.
Sie : Allow me to call your attention specially to
an amendment adopted by the Committee of the
Whole of the House, herewith enclosed:
"And no part of the money appropriated by this bill
for public buildings, except as to contracts now in
existence, shall be paid except upon contracts made
with the lowest responsible bidder, who shall give
security for the faithful performance of the same,
the said contracts to be made in pursuance of ad-
vertisements duly published."
If this amendment should be adopted finally, it
would seriously interfere with the progress of work
upon the public buildings, as nothing could be done
except upon advertisement and contract with the
lowest responsible bidder. The phraseology of the
amendment appears to cover labor as well as mate-
rials. In the construction of every public building
portions of the work oannot be done otherwise than
fay the employment of laborers and mechanics by
the day.
I believe in every instance contracts are made
after advertisement for stone, iron, and materials
.generally.
It is true that arrangements have been made in
several cases for stone cutting with parties furnish-
ing the stone, and allowance made to them of fifteen
per cent, upon the actual cost; but the Government
has had an advantage, derived Irom the circum-
stance that the stone itself has been purchased after
advertisement upon contracts made with the lowest
responsible bidder, and upon the understanding
that the successful party was to have an opportunity
to cut the stone upon the terms mentioned.
Very respectfully.
GEO. S. BOUTWELL,
Secretary.
Hon. James A. Garfield, Chairman Committee on
Appropriations, House of Representatives.
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. Will the gentle-
man allow me to say one word ?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I will hear the
gentleman.
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. Yesterday, upon
hearing this amendment read, 1 thought it was
exactly right. After hearing from the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, and from several other
officers of the Government, I think it is wrong;
and I will change my vote for one.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I am glad to
hear the gentleraau say that. I desire to call
the attention of the House to the fact that out
of $27,500,000 appropriated by this hill,
§11,000,000 are for puHlie buildings. Those
public buildings are all being erected upon a
system which the Secretary says he regards as
essential to their proper construction. He
says that the adoption of the amendment
offered in Committee of the Whole would
seriously interfere with the progress of the j
work upon those public buildings, and he !
gives reasons for his opinion in the letter
which has just been read.
One farther remark. Several gentlemen
have spoken of this bill as embracing in the
aggregate an uunstiiilly large appropriation, i i
have referred to the large item of $11,000,000, j
and gentlemen understand how that has arisen j
in regard to a matter for which only about four i
millions aud a half were appropriated last ,
year. We have proposed to appropriate what j
has been provided for by law. Nearly two mil- j
lions and a quarter in this bill are for public j
printing aud binding—an item which was not j
in the corresponding bill last year, but was |
included in the legislative appropriation bill.
On this subject of public printing I ask the
House to indulge me ia a sentence or two.
Two great evils, itseems, have been arraigned
before the House this morning. One of these
is the enormous growth of our public printing
and binding. Our expenditures on this subject
have averaged two and a quarter millions for
the last three years. . I think there ought to
be a reform in this respect. Bat, on the other
hand, gentlemen have shown us the danger of
depriving the people of all access to the
knowledge of public affairs. Now, I think
the subject is too great a one to be properly
discussed in the short time we have now be-
fore us, and I believe we ought to remit it to
another Congress, when the whole question of
what shall be done with,reference to the dis-
tribution, as well as the printing of documents,
can be taken up, and when something in lieu
of the franking privilege can be provided.
On that ground, therefore, I hope the amend-
ment will not prevail, though I think it con-
tains a good point, and that the country must
sometime take action upon this question.
My colleague on the committee [Mr. Nib-
lack] desires to say a word.
Mr. NIBLACK, of Indiana. I want o
inquire what is the precise matter under con-
sideration ? I desire to submit a few remarks
on the general question. I shall not consume
much time, however.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The trouble
is that the hour allowed for discussion is ex-
hausted.
Mr. COS. I have been endeavoring to get
the floor. The gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Garfield] cannot occupy five minutes himself
and farm out five minutes more to his col-
league on the committee.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. One word more,
and I shall ask a vote. On the question of
civil service reform, my opinions are well
known. I have never assented to all the plans
and methods adopted by the Administration
in regard to appointments under the civil ser-
vice system. A great deal may be said to ex-
cite levity as to the mode of examination and
the questions put. But I stand here to say that
an administration that has had the courage to
undertake to reform the civil service as we
have known it, to seek some mothod that shall
put it on the basis of merit, and not on the
basis of mere political patronage for party
service, ought not to be " whistled down the
wind" by speech or speeches designed merely
to make ridicule of the methods employed.
The great political parties of the country
have said that they are in favor of a measure
of civil service reform. The country is de-
manding it. And what I complain of on the
part of gentlemen who oppose everything
attempted, is that they offer nothing instead.
They propose no affirmative action; they
simply oppose whatever is attempted in that
direction. I hope the amendment will not
prevail ; no, I wish it may not prevail ; I can-
not hope that it will not be adopted.
Mr. COX. If the gentleman from Ohio is
through, I would like to make a few remarks.
The SPEAKER. The bill was brought
from the Committee of the Whole under a
suspension of the rules, and one hour was
allowed for debate. The Chair has indulged
the chairman of the Committee on Appropri-
ations ten minutes beyond the hour.
Mr. BEATTY. I ask unanimous consent
t.- have printed in the Globe some remarks on
the public printing.
There being no objection, leave was granted,
[See Appendix.]
Sir. COX. I undertand that the Chair
indulged the chairman of the committee for
ten minutes. I think I was entitled to five of
those.
fhe SPEAKER. If the gentleman from
Ohio had consented, the Chair would have
iuterposed no objection.
Mr. COX. Mr. Speaker, I simply want to
call attention to one thing In this bill to show
how inconsiderately we legislate on gome of
these matters. The other day, when we were
considering the proposition to print certain
French books, gentlemen on the other side,
especially the chairman of the committee,
undertook to tell us of the importance of those
French publications.
Since that time I have ascertained all those
publications of any value have been collected
by Mr. Astor and placed ia his library under
the scrutiny of the best scholars. All worth
collecting have been collected, and all worth
printing have been or will be printed.
This bill has other items, I might give if I
had time. It is an extraordinary bill, a bill for
nearly $30,000,000—for I believe twenty-seven
millions of money—the like of which was never
known in this country. Before 1862 we never
had a civil sundry appropriation bill of more
than $6,000,000. In 1864 it amounted to only
$7,000,000. We are going beyond the ordin-
ary pace of our wealth and population, both in
the busiuess of printing and in the erection of
public buildings. The reason of it is simply
what I have called the attention of the House
to before, which they ought to heed but they
do not, and that is that our legislative service
is not up to the standard of this bad civil ser-
vice which gentlemen on the other side re-
proached when they passed the Philadelphia
platform, where they said it was demoralizing,
which demoralization you have never yet cor-
rected so far as I can understand. The reason
why this bill has grown so monstrously is sim-
ply this: we have in them all sorts of personal
speculations and jobs. All this printing busi-
ness is simply a job in one sense. It is not the
business of the Federal Government to be a
publishing housfe. Gentlemen should leara
that as a cardinal elementary fact, and then
they mightcutdown thesebills. From " Satire
and Satirists," by James Hannay, a Scotch
scholar, I will read an extract which the House
will do well to remember:
"A wag of that period, who was also a screw, onee
exclaimed while he was eating oysters,' What grand
things oysters would be if one could make one's
servants live on the shells."' [Laughter.] "They
achieved that in government; for the parties got the
oysters and the people got the shells." [Laughter.]
If we strike down at least one third of the
items of this bill and reduce this appropria-
tion at least ten million dollars, we would
even then be beyond the old maximum of our
former appropriation bills.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BANKS. I accept the amendment of
the gentleman from New York as a modifica-
tion of my amendment.
Mr. HIBBARD. The law now provides for
the distribution to libraries.
Mr. BANKS. It does not harm to put it oil
here.
The Clerk read as follows:
Provided, The Secretary of the Interior shall
place a copy of every public document deemed by
him aseftil for that purpose in two libraries in each
congressional district accessible to any citiaen on
application.
Mr. BANKS. 1 accept that.
Mr. CONGER. I object.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I make
the point of order there is an amendment to
the amendment now pending, and that it is
not in order to move another amendment.
The SPEAKER. This stands as a separate
amendment, aud is amendable.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Is not
this in the third degree?
The SPEAKER. It is only in the first de-
gree. The amendment of the gentleman from
Massachusetts in reference to the publication
of books and the amendment of the gentleman
on the floor in regard to the civil service are
separate, and will be voted on as separate
amendments to an amendment, and each is
in order.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Is not the pre-
vious question pending?
