1636
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 22,
The SPEAKER. This was moved before
the House expired.
Mr. CONGER. I make the point that the
gentleman having presented his amendment,
and it having been acted on, it is beyond his
power to accept an amendment to it.
The SPEAKER. It is for the House to
say whether they will adopt it or not.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I wisk to make a
point of order on the last section of the bill
which has never yet been read.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will have the
Clerk read the last section of the bill, but the
Chair thinks the rules were also suspended in
reference to that.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I hope we will
proceed with the amendments in order.
Mr. AMBLER. Let me make a suggestion
to the gentleman from New York to require
the Secretary of the Interior to place these
documents in the libraries referred toi and not
to allow the discretion to the Secretary. It
will make no additional expense, and I do not
think any such discretion ought to be granted.
Mr. E. H. ROBERTS. The words "deemed
by him useful for that purpose" are the words
to which the gentleman from Ohio objects. I
consent to their being omitted unless there is
objection.
Objection was made.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will now read
the closing paragraph of the bill.
The Clerk read as follows:
Sec. 2. That the Secretary of the Treasury is
hereby authorized, in his discretion, to sell the
marine hospital grounds and unfinished cast-iron
hospital buildings located in the city of New Or-
leans, Louisiana, and out of the proceeds of said
sale to purchase a more healthful site for a marine
hospital, at a point which shall be convenient of
access to and from the .port of New Orleans, and to
erect thereon a pavilion marine hospital of one hun-
dred and fifty bed-capacity, with the necessary aux-
iliary structures, in accordance with designs to be
prepared by the Supervising Architect, to the satis-
faction of the supervising surgeon of the marine
hospital service, and approvod by the Secretary of
the Treasury: Provided, That said site and pavilion
hospital shall in no eventcost more than the amount
received from the salo of the hospital and grounds
which are hereby authorized to be sold: And pro-
vided further, That in case the materials of the iron
hospital buildings can with advantage be used in
the construction of other Government buildings now
being erected, said materials may be so used, and
the amount of the money-value thereof, which shall
be determined by the Secretary of the Treasury, is
hereby appropriated, for the purposes of the new
hospital, out of any moneys in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated.
Mr. FARNSWORTH rose.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I understand
that it was agreed under the arraugement made
last night that this was open to the point of
order if it should be made. But I wish to say
to the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Farns-
worth] that the Secretary of the Treasury
recommends this on the ground that the pres-
ent hospital is so unfitted for the purposes of
an hospital that it is utterly useless and dan-
gerom to the health of the patients. We ask
that this shall be done as a matter of economy
as well as of health. It will be observed that
there is a proviso that the cost of the new hos-
pital shall not be greater than the amount re-
ceived from the sale of the old one.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The same limita-
tion was put in with reference to the Chicago
marine hospital; but the cost of the new hos-
pital was three times the amount received for
the old. I suppose the Secretary knows as
much about this as about other public build-
ings, and no more. I insist on the point of
order.
Mr. SHELDON. Then I will move at the
proper time to suspend the rules, and pass
this section. I should like the letter of the
Secretary to be read.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Is it pretended that
the Secretary of the Treasury 
I he SPEAKER. The point of order being
made, there is no necessity for arguing the
matter. The Chair will be compelled, if the
gentleman insists upon the point of order to
sustain it.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I do insist on it.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the
point of order. The question is now on the
amendment of the gentleman from New York
[Mr. E. H. Roberts] to the amendment of
the gentleman from Massachuestts, [Mr.
Banks.]
The amendment of Mr. E. H. Roberts was
read, as follows:
Add at end of Mr. Banks's amendment:
Provided, That the Secretary of the Interior shall
Slace a copy of every public document deemed by
im useful for that purpose, in each of two libraries
in each congressional distriot, to be accessible to any
citizen on application.
Mr. HOLMAN. Let the proposition to
which this is an amendment be read.
The SPEAKER. This is an amendment to
that offered by the gentleman from Massachu-
setts in regard to the publication of books for
gratuitous distribution.
The question being taken on the amendment
offered by Mr. E. H. Roberts, it was dis-
agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The question is next on
the amendment offered by the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Stevenson] to the amendment ofthe
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Banks,]
to strike out the words " in whole or in part."
The amendment was disagreed to—ayes 45,
noes 78.
The SPEAKER. The question will next
be on the amendment offered by the gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Banks.]
Mr. BURCHARD. I understand that the
gentleman^ from Massachusetts has modified
his proposition as originally introduced.
The SPEAKER. The amendment will be
read as modified.
The Clerk read as follows:
Add to the bill the following:
* Be it further enacted. That from and after the 1st
day of July next no books or documents shall be
ordered to be printed or published for gratuitous
distribution; but the Secretary of the Interior shall
be, and hereby iff, authorized to order extra copies
of any work, book, or document thatshall thereafter
be ordered by the Government for the use of mem-
bers of Congress, or for any of the Departments of
the Government, and to furnish such copies to any
person that may apply for them at such prices, at
his discretion, as will (in whole or in part)reimburse
to the Government the actual cost of publication,
and preclude their appropriation and use as wrap-
ping paper, or material for the manufacture of paper.
Mr. MAYNARD. There ought to be a
penal sanction to that clause.
The question being put on the amendment,
there were—ayes 88, noes 103.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I call for the yeas
and nays.
On ordering the yeas and nays, there were—
ayes thirty ; not a sufficient number.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I call for tellers on
the yeas and nays.
On the question of ordering tellers, there
were—ayes thirteen; not one fifth of a quo-
rum.
So tellers on the yeas and nays were not
ordered; and the yeas and nays were not
ordered.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I call for tellers on
the question.
On ordering tellers on the question there
were—ayes fourteen ; not one fifth of a quo-
rum.
So tellers were not ordered, and the amend-
ment was rejected.
The SPEAKER. The question is next on
the amendment offered by the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Butler.]
The amendment was read, as follows:
That no part of the money hereby appropriated
shall be used to defray the expenses or pay any
salaries or compensation to any officers engaged in
the so-ealled competitive civil service examination.
Mr. HOLMAN. I ask for the yeas and
nays on that amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 85, nays 103, not voting
52 ; as follows:
YBAS-Messrs, Acker, Averill, Barber, Barry,
Bigby, Bird, Braxton, Benjamin !F. Butler, Roder-
ick R. Butler, Campbell, Cobb, Coburn, Conner,
Critcher, Crocker, Crossland, Davis, Donnan, Box,
DuBose, Duell, Dunnell, Eldredge, Elliott, Ely,
Parwell, Porker, Garrett, Getz, Giddings, Golladay,
Goodrich, Hancock, Handley, Hanks, Harmer,
George E. Harris, Havens, Hays, Gerry W. Hazel-
ton, JohnW. Hazelton, Herndon, Houghton, Lami-
son, Maclntyre, Manson, MeCormick, McJunkin,
McKee, Mc&inney, Moore, Morey, Packer, Isaac
C. Parker, Piatt, Rainey, John M. Rice, William
R.Roberts, Rusk, Sargent, Sawyer,Seeley, Sheldon,
Sloss, John A. Smith, Snyder, Speer, Stoughton,
Sypher, Terry, Thomas, Washington Townsend,
Turner, Tuthill, Van Trump, Vaughan, Voorhees,
Waddell, Walden. Wallace, Whiteley, Williams of
Indiana, John T.Wilson, Winchester, and Wood—85.
NAYS—Messrs. Ambler, Archer, Arthur, Banks,
Beatty, Erasmus W. Beck, James B. Beek, Bingham,
Austin Blair, James G. Blair, Boles, Buckley,
Buffinton, Bunnell, Burchard, Burdett, Caldwell,
Coghlan, Comingo, Conger, Cotton, Cox, Dawes,
Dodds, Duke, Eames, Karnsworth, Pinkelnburg,
Charles Foster. Wilder D. Foster, Prye, Garfield,
Griffith, Haldeman, Halsey, Harper, JohnT. Harris,
John B. Ilawley, Joseph R. Hawley, Hay, Hib-
bard, Hill, Hoar, Holman, Keiley, Kellogg, Ken-
dall, King, Leach, Lowe, Lynch, Marshall, May-
nard, McClelland, McCrary,. McGrew, McHenry,
Merriam, Merrick, Benjamin F. Meyers, Mitchell,
Monroe, Morphis, Silas L. Niblaek, WilliamE. Nib-
lack, Packard, Hosea W. Parker, Peck, Perry, Pe-
ters, Poland, Porter, Potter, Price, Read, Edward
Y. Rice, Ellis H. Roberts, John Rogers, Roosevelt,
Scofield, Sessions, Shellabarger, Sherwood, Shoe-
maker, Slater, Slocum, H.Boardman Smith, Worth -
ington C. Smith, Sprague, Starkweather, Stevens,
Stevenson, Storm, Stowell, Sutherland, Swann,
Twichell, Tyner, Upson, Wakeman, Wells, Whit-
thorne, and Will ard—103.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Ames, Barnum,
Bell, Biggs, Boarman, Bright, Brooks, Carroll,
Clarke,' Crebs, Creely, Darrall, Dickey, Esty, Henry
D. Foster, Hale, Hambleton, Hereford, Hooper,
Kerr, Ketcham, Killinger, Kinsella, Lamport, Lan-
sing, Lewis, McNeely, Morgan, Leonard Myers,
Negley, Orr, Palmer, Pendleton, Perce, Prindle,
Randall, Ritchie, Robinson, Sion H. Rogers,
Shanks, Shober. Snapp, St. John, Taffe, Dwight
Townsend, Waldroo. Warren, Wheeler, Williams
of New York, Jeremiah M.Wilson, and Young—52.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
enrolled bills signed.
Mr. BUCKLEY, from the Committee on
Enrolled Bills, reported that the committee
had examined and found truly enrolled bills
of the following titles ; when the Speaker signed
the same:
An act (H. R. No. 3021) to amend an act
entitled "An act to provide forholding a circuit
court of the United States in the western dis-
trict of Missouri," approved June 8,1872'; and
An act (H. R. No. 3252) to enforce the stip-
ulations of the convention with Venezuela of
April 25, 1866, and the payment of adjudi-
cated claims. "
sundry civil appropriation bill.
The amendments reported from the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union
were then read and concurred in, except as
follows.
The Clerk read the following amendment:
Add to the following clause—
For expenses in detecting and bringing to trial
and punishment persons engaged in counterfeiting
treasury notes, bonds, national bank notes, and
other securities of the United States, and the coin-
age thereof, and_for deteetingother frauds upon the
Government, $125,000—as follows: And the Secretary
oi the .Treasury shall make a separate report to
Congress annually, giving a detailed statement as to
how t.he amount hereby appropriated has been ex-
pended.
The question was put on the amendment;
and on a division there were—ayes 21, noes
78 ; no quorum voting.
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. I call for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Beck of
Kentucky, and Mr. Garfield of Ohio, were
appointed.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. If the House
will allow me to make a single statement, I
will say that this amendment proposes to re-
quire the Secretary of the Treasury to make a
full exhibit of how he uses the secret service
fund for the detection of frauds, and he has
informed us that by such exposure he would
lose his means of detection.
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. And by that very
exposure we saved $30,000 in the Choctaw
matter.
Mr, GARFIELD, of Ohio, I think not,
