1638
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 22,
Mr. SAWYER. I move to suspend the
roles, bo as to consider the river and harbor
appropriation bill in the House as in Commit-
tee of the Whole under the five-miputes' rule.
Mr. CHIPMAN. I call attention to the
fact that the House, by a special order, agreed
to take up at this time the report of the Com-
mittee on the Washington Monument.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will read a
resolution adopted by the House some thirty
days since.
The Clerk read as follows:
" Beiolved, That a committee of thirteen be ap-
pointed by the Speaker, whose duty it shall be to
confer with the officers of the National Monument
Society upon the practicability of completing the
Washington monument by the approaching centen-
nial i and that said committee have leave to report
at any time by bill or otherwise: and
Resolved further. That Saturday at two o'clock,
February 22 next, be especially assigned for the
consideration of their report. •
Mr. CHIPMAN. I believe the rules were
suspended to adopt this resolution, and I sub-
mit the point of order that it is not within the
power of the House at this time to suspend the
rules so as to make another special order con-
flicting with this, I desire to" submit the re-
port of the committee.
The SPEAKER. This order was made
nnder a suspension of the rules.
Mr. PERCE. Not to the exclusion of all
Other orders.
Mr. SAWYER. My motion is to suspend
the rules.
The SPEAKER. But in considering this
subject the House would be acting unaer a
suspension of the rules. The attention of the
Chair had not been called to thi3 point.
Mr. SARGENT. I raise the question of the
consideration of the-special order.
The SPEAKER. That can be done, of
course.
Mr. SARGENT. I suggest the only motion
for those opposed to the consideration of the
bill will be the motion to postpone. If a
majority of the House choose to postpone the
subject of the monument to another day they
can do so. I hope it will not be done.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I suggest, by
unanimous consent, the gentleman have this
evening for his monument.
Mr. CHIPMAN. This day ought not to
pass over without considering this question,
do not believe it will take an hour.
Mr. MERRIAM. I ask unanimous consent
that the bill be considered now.
The SPEAKE R. The gentleman from Wis
consin [Mr. Sawyer] rises to move to pro-
ceed with the consideration of the public
business. The Delegate from the District of
Columbia [Mr. Chipman] calls up the special
order, made so under a suspension of the
rules, in reference to the Washington monu-
ment. On that either the question -of consid-
eration or postponement may be made.
Mr. SAWYER. I move the special order
be postponed until after the consideration of
the river and harbor bill.
Mr. COX. It is George Washington against
a job. I should like to have the vote taken
in that way. [Laughter.]
Mr. SAWYER. I will move that it be post-
poned until Monday next.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman had better
fix some other day,
Mr. SAWYER. Then I say Wednesday
next, after two o'clock.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I rise to a
question of consideration.
Mr. BANKS. I object.
The SPEAKER. The question of post-
ponement is the better one, as the House has
been considering it so far.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Is this a question
of patriotism against a question of cash ? Are
those the two antagonistic principles ? If so,
cash will win.
Mr. COX. Oh, no, cash will not win.
The House divided! and there were—ayes
106, noes 41.
Mr. ARCHES demanded the yeas and nays.
The House divided on ordering the yeas and
nays; and there were—ayes twenty-eight.
The SPEAKER. The voting is so close that
the Chair will .prder tellers on ordering the
yeas and nays, and will appoint Mr. G arfield,
of Ohio, and Mr. Chipman as tellers.
The House again divided on ordering the
yeas and nays; and the tellers reported—ayes
24, noes 103.
So the yeas and nays were not ordered, one
fifth of those present not voting in favor there-
of; the further consideration of the report of
the select committee of thirteen on the Wash-
ington monument was then postponed until
Wednesday next at two o'clock.
Mr. CHIPMAN. I ask unanimous consent
to submit a report from the select committee
in reference to the Washington monument, and
also to present from that committee a bill (H.
R. No. 4035) to aid in the construction of a
Washington monument, &c., and to move that
they be printed and recommitted.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. ARCHER. I move that the bill and
report be printed in the Globe.
The motion was agreed to. [See Appendix. ]
message from this senate.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Sympson, one of its clerks, notifying the
House that that body had passed a bill (S. No.
1572) for the suppression of trade in and cir-
culation of obscene literature and articles of
immoral use, in which the concurrence of the
House was requested.
eree ships.
Mr. COX, by unanimous consent, was
granted leave to print in the Globe, some re-
marks on a bill introduced by him and now
before the House on free ships and free ma-
terials for ship-building. [See Appendix.]
j.'ham sypher.
Mr. KERR. I rise to a question of priv-
ilege.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from
Indiana rises to a question of privilege. The
Chair has recognized the gentleman from Wis-
consin wbo has moved that the. House proceed
to the consideration of the river and harbor
appropriation bill, but will allow the question
of privilege to be raised, so that when the vote
comes to proceed to the consideration of the
river and harbor appropriation bill the House
will judge between them.
Mr. KERR. I present the following reso-
lution :
Whereas it is alleged, in testimony reeently taken
before the Committees on Privileges and Elections
of the Senate, that Mr. J. Hale Sypher, a member
of this House from the State of Louisiana, iu 1870,
at and before the general election in that year in that
State lor Representatives in Congress, and when
said SyphEr was a candidate for election as a mem-
ber of the present House, did unlawfully and cor-
ruptly procure to be made false and fraudulent
registrations, and did with like intent procure to be
east and counted for himself and others false and
fraudulent votes, and did procure gross frauds to be
committed in connection with the conduct of said
election in his own interest and in the interest of
others. And whereas the honor of this House and
duty toward the country require that such charges
should be fully investigated: Therefore,
Resolved, That the Committee of Elections be
directed to investigate said several charges, and to
that end have authority to send for persons and
papers, and that said testimony taken before said
Senate committee be referred to said Committee of
Elections, and that said committee be directed to
report its conclusions to tho House as soon as prac-
ticable.
Mr. BINGHAM. I desire to inquire of the
gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Kerr] if these
facts have reference to the election for the
present Congress or to the election for the
next Congress?
Mr. KERR. They refer to the election to
this House.
Mr. SYPHER. I thank my friend from
Indiana, [Mr. Kebr,] who presents this reso-
lution, for this reason: when Theodore Jaques,
upon whose testimony this resolution is based,
was hired by the Democrats of Louisiana to
come to this capital and testify falsely I went
before the Senate committee and asked the _
privilege of rebutting his testimony. They
denied me that right, saying that I was not
under investigation before that committee, and
that I had my recourse in the House. I hope
this resolution will pass and go to the Com-
mittee of Elections, and I will prove that this
man is a perjured scoundrel, and that he was
sent here with Democratic money, after hav-
ing committed forgery and perjury, as appears
from his own testimony. I invite and chal-
lenge investigation on this and all other
charges which the gentleman may be able to
trump up. I am thankful to him for present-
ing this resolution and affording me an oppor-
tunity to disprove this false and malicious
charge. ,
Mr. SPEER. The gentleman should have
moved the resolution himself long before this.
Mr. MAYNARD. There is one thing about
this resolution to which I wish to call the at-
tention of the gentleman from Indiana. It
proposes to refer the testimony taken before
the Committee on Privileges and Elections
of the Senate to the Committee of Elections
of this House. As I understand it, we have
not that testimony under our control. It is
not before the House to refer _ it. I suggest
that the resolution be modified in that respect.
Mr. KERR. The testimony is in a printed
document in our document-room, and I have
it in my desk.
Mr. MAYNARD. Still we cannot refer itf
in the technical sense.
Mr. KERR. The formal fact that it is
printed is sufficient to warrant its reference.
Mr. MAYNARD. 1 would suggest that the
resolution be so modified as to authorize the
committee to make use of the testimony aa
printed.
The SPEAKER. That modification will
be made if there be no objection.
There was no objection.
The resolution as modified was adopted.
Mr. KERR moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
washington monument.
Mr. COBB. I ask unanimous consent that
this evening from half past seven o'clock be
devoted to the consideration of the report from
the select committee of thirteen.
Objection was made.
Mr. COBB. I will modify my proposition
so that the evening session shall be devoted to
the discussion of the report, no action on it to
be taken.
Mr. COBURN. I object.-
RIVER AND HARBOR APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. SAWYER. I move that the rules be
suspended, and that the House proceed under
the five-minutes rule to consider the river , and
harbor appropriation bill; and pending that, I
move that all general debate on the bill be
limited to one minute.
The motion to limit debate was agreed to.
The motion that the rules be suspended and
that the House proceed to the consideration
of the river and harbor appropriation bill was
agreed to.
The House accordingly proceeded to con-
sider the bill (H. R. No. 3922) making appro-
priations for the repair, preservation, and com-
pletion of certain public works on rivers and
harbors, and for other purposes.
Mr. SAWYER. I move that the first read-
ing of the bill be dispensed with.
The motion was agreed to.
The Clerk proceeded to read the bill by par-
