1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
679
passed} and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be- laid on the table.
.. The latter motion was agreed to.
ADVERSE REPORTS.
Mr. HARRIS) of Virginia, from the same
committee, also submitted adverse reports, in
tne'following cases; which were laid upon the
table, and ordered to be printed:
The petition of J. H. Stailey, for relief on
account of money loaned:
The petition of R. T. Jackson, executor of
Francis Lowndes;
The petition of John Garrett; and
The memorial of Pardon Worsley.
LEVI J. POWELL.
Mr. FOSTER, of Pennsylvania, from the
Committee of Claims, reported back a bill
(S. No. 1172) fdr the relief of Levi J. Powell,
with the recommendation that it do pass.
The bill, which was read, authorizes and
requires the Secretary of the Treasury to pay
to Levi J. Powell, out of any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated, the sum
of $104 50, in full for his bill for printing done
and furnished by order of the military author-
ities at Clarksburg, West Virginia, during the
late war.
• The bill was ordered to a third reading;
and it was accordingly read the third time,
and passed.
Mr. FOSTER, of Pennsylvania, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was
passed; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
JOHN PAINE.
Mr. FOSTER, of Pennsylvania, also, from
the" same committee, reported a bill (H. R.
No. 3512) for the relief of John Paine; which
was read a first and second time.
The bill, which was read, authorizes and
requires the Secretary of the Treasury to, pay,
out of any moneys in the Treasury not other-
wise appropriated, to John Paine the sum of
$410, found due him by reason of the unjust
retention of twenty thousand five hundred
cigars which were consumed by accidental fire
while in the care and custody of internal reve-
nue officers who made the seizure aforesaid.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. FOSTER, of Pennsylvania, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was
passed ; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
DR, W. J. C. DUHAMEL.
Mr. FOSTER, of Pennsylvania, also, from
the same committee, reported a bill (H. R.
No. 3513) for the relief of Dr. W. J. C. Du-
hamel; which was read a first and second
time.
The bill, which was read, authorizes and
directs the Secretary of the Treasury to pay,
out of any moneys in the Treasury not other-
wise appropriated, to Dr. W. J. C. Duhamel,
of Washington, District of Columbia, the sum
of $600, which shall be in full discharge of all
claims against the United States for profes-
sional services rendered by Duhamel to the
United States_ military prisoners confined in
the military jail at Washington, District of
Columbia, during the years 1861 and 1862.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. FOSTER, of Pennsylvania, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was
passed; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
WILLIAM SCHILLING AND COMPANY.
Mr. FOSTER, of Pennsylvania, also, from
the same committee, reported a bill (H. R.
No. 3514) for the relief of William Schilling
& Co., of Baltimore, Maryland ; which was
read a first and second time.
The question was on ordering the bill to be
engrossed and read a third time.
The bill was read. Itauthorizes and directs
the Secretary of the Treasury to pay William
Schilling & Co., of Baltimore, Maryland, out
of any money in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated; the sum of $925 50, in full for
internal revenue taxes collected from them on
certain distilled spirits, on or about the 28th
day of October, 1868, said spirits having been
destroyed by fire on the day following, before
the proper stamps had been affixed.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. FOSTER, of Pennsylvania, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was
passed; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
WILLIAM IVERS.
Mr. FOSTER, of Pennsylvania, also, from
the same committee, reported back, with the
recommendation that it do pass, the bill (H.
R. No. 1242) for the relief of William Ivers,
of Santa Fe, New Mexico.
The bill was read. It authorizes the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to pay to William Ivers,
of Santa F6, New Mexico, out of any moneys
not otherwise appropriated, the sum of $1,500
for damages sustained by him in the burning
of his storehouse, in which commissary supplies
of the Army were stored, and which building
was burned by order of the military com-
mander, to prevent the stores from falling into
the hands of the Texan confederate troops,
in March, 1862.
Mr. WILLARD. I ask that the report in
that case may be read.
The report was read. It states that the com-
mittee had had before them the ease of Wil-
liam Ivers, a citizen of the Territory of New
Mexico, who claims to be paid by the Govern-
ment $1,500 for the destruction of his building
rented by him to the quartermaster's depart-
ment as a storehouse for the public stores of the
United States Army, at Santa Fe, New Mexico,
in 1862, and that it was burned under the orders
ofthechief quartermaster, to prevent the stores
atid supplies falling into possession of the con-
federate forces that captured that city. It
appears in proof by the report of a board of
officers, regularly constituted and convened
by the order of General J. H. Carleton, com-
manding the department of New Mexico, prop-
erly authenticated, and other testimony, that
said Ivers owned and rented to the quarter-
master's department, at the monthly rent of
twenty dollars, a building in which commis-
sary stores and supplies were stored, and that
the building was burned for the purpose of
preventing such supplies and stores being used
by the enemy's troops. A number of wit-
nesses were examined under oath, by the board,
and they all testified in effect that $1,500 would
not repair the damage caused by the fire and
destruction of the stores. The board, however,
recommended the payment to Ivers, by the
Government, of the sum of $1,500 only. This
recommendation and the proceedings of the
board were approved by the commanding gen-
eral, and Ivers laid his claim before the proper
officers of the accounting department for pay-
ment. The claim, however, has not been paid,
as no law of Congress has conferred on the
accounting department authority to pay claims
of this nature. This claim appears to be just
and the proof clear and satisfactory. The
building of the claimant was in possession of
the Government and was burned to destroy
public stores as a necessity, to keep them from
the possession of the confederate troops. The
committee therefore recommend the passage
of the accompanying bill.
The bill was odered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. FOSTER, of Pennsylvania, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was
passed; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
WILLIAM S. BARNARD.
Mr. FOSTER, of Pennsylvania, also, from
the same committee, reported back, with the
recommendation that it do pass, the bill (H.
R. No. 1559) for the relief of William G.
Barnard, late a clerk in the custom-house in
the city of New York.
The bill was read. It authorizes and directs
the Secretary of the Treasury to pay to Wil-
liam G. Barnard, out of any moneys in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated, the snm
of $979 16, balance due to William G. Bar-
nard for services as clerk in the custom-house
in the city of New York.
Mr. WILLARD. I should like to hear the
report in that case.
The report was read. It stated that the
committee had had before them the case of
William G. Barnard, late a soldier in the
United States Army, and permanently disabled
for life by wounds received in the line of his
duty. It appeared that in 1861 Barnard was
appointed a messenger in the custom-house
in the city of New York, on a letter of recom-
mendation from the President, Abraham Lin-
coln; that in 1863 he had so far recovered
from his wounds as to perform the duties of a
clerk, and was regularly assigned to such duty,
which he performed from June 1,- 1863, to
August 15, 1865. During this period, how-
ever, he only drew the pay of a messenger,
while by act of Congress approved August 25,
1842, section five, (Statutes-at- Large, page
525,) he was entitled to receive the higher pay
of invoice and registry clerk, an office he filled
faithfully and well, twenty-six and a half
months, as the custom-house officer certified.
The difference between . the pay of a mes-
senger and the salary of the clerkship he filled
was $979 16, and the law of August 26, 1842,
clearly authorizes this payment to be made to
him, but the successor of the collector who
appointed him to the messenger's place refused
to make such payment. The committee, in
consideration of the wounds and disabilities
of the claimant, incurred in the service of his
country, and of the faithful manner in which
he discharged the duties of a higher office
than he was appointed to fill, and of the fact
that there was authority under an act of Con-
gress to pay to the petitioner the salary of the
higher office, reported the bill for his relief.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it
was accordingly read the third time, and
Mr. FOSTER, of Pennsylvania, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the the bill was
passed; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
„ ' B. V. SPEEDY.
Mr. FOSTER, of Pennsylvania, also, from
the same committee, reported back, with an
amendment and with the recommendation
that it do pass, the bill (H. R. No. 1963) for
the relief of B. F. Speedy, late first lieuten-
ant second battalion six months Pennsyl-
vania volunteers.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill, which was read, directs the Pay-
master General of the Army to pay to B. F.
Speedy, late first lieutenant company G, second
battalion six months Pennsylvania volunteers,
the pay and allowances of a first lieutenant of
infantry from July 9, 1863, to January 21, 1864.
The amendment reported by the committee
