682
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 17,
Mr. RANDALL. Would it be in order to
have the bill reported as it will read as
amended?
Mr. MAYNARD. This is a bill to com-
pensate a postmaster for a small sum of money
stolen at a fire from his office.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will report the
bill as it will read as amended.
The Clerk read as follows:
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of liepre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the proper accounting officers of the
Treasury Department be, and they are hereby,
authorized to allow W. H. Kirk, postmaster at
Maryville, Tennessee, a credit of the sum of $110 20,
on settlement of his accounts at the Post Office De-
partment, being the amount lost in consequence of
the larceny of said sum, stolen at the fire on the
ISth of February last from the post office at Mary-
ville, Tennessee: Provided, That satisfactory proof
of the facts herein set forth be produced to the said
accounting officers.
The amendments of the Senate were con-
curred in.
Mr. MAYNARD moved to reconsider the
vote by which the amendments of the Senate
were concurred in; and also moved (.hat the
motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
miami indian lanps in kansas.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was House bill No. 1841, authorizing the re-
moval of restrictions upon the alienation of
certain Miami Indians in the State of Kansas,
with Senate amendments.
The amendments of the Senate were read,
as follows:
In lino throe, after the word " execution," insert
"taxation."
In line seven, after the word " States," insert" in
all cases in which the title has legally passed tociti-
aseus of the United States other than Indians."
In lino nine, strike out a.ll aftor " seventy-two " to
the end of the bill, and insert "subjoct to the provis-
ions of this act."
The amendments were concurred in.
Mr. SHANKS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the Senate amendments were con-
curred in ; and also moved that the motion to
recoiihider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MItS. M. S. MOItSK.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was Rouse bill No. 331S, for the relief of Mrs.
M. S. Morse, administratrix and widow of
Isaac E. Morse, deceased, with Senate amend-
ments.
The amendments of the Senate were read,
as follows :
On linos tlireoand four, strikeout " administratrix
and."
On lino four, strike out all .titer "Isaac E. Morse"
to the end of tho bill, and insert "compensation
lor his services as special commissioner of the Uni-
ted States to the republic of New Grenada at tho
rato nHho salary paid to the minister resident of
the United States at Bogota, in addition to the com-
pensation already paid to Isaac B. Morse."
Mr. PACKARD. J move that the House
non-concur in the amendments of the Senate,
and ask for a committee of conference on the
disagreeing votes of the two Houses thereon.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. PACKARD moved to reconsider the
vote by which the House agreed to ask for
a committee of conference; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider bo laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
fire department 01' district of columbia.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the bill (H. R. No. 2333) to aid in main-
taining the fire department of the District of
Columbia, returned from the Senate with an
amendment.
The amendment was to insert in line five of
the bill the word "annually."
Mr. RANDALL. I would like to have
some explanation of this matter. I desire to
know what has been the practice of the Gov-
ernment heieiofore.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move that the bill, with
the amendment, be referred to the Commit-
tee for the District of Columbia.
The motion was agreed to.
public building at memphis.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the bill (H. R. No. 2763) to provide a
building suited to the use of the custom-house,
post office, the pension and revenue officers,
and the judicial officers of the United States,
in the city of Memphis, Tennessee, returned
from the Senate with amendments.
The amendments of the Senate were read,
as follows:
Strike out all of the bill after the enacting clause
and insert in lieu thereof the following: t
That the Secretary of the Treasury be, and he is
hereby, authorized and directed to cause plans to
be made for a fire-proof building, or building with
a fire-proof vault extending through each story,
suitable for use as a custom-house, bonded ware-
house, and post office, at Memphis, Tennessee, with
an estimate of the cost thereof and of the site, and
report thereon to Congress on the first Monday of
December next.
Amend the title of the bill so as to read: "A bill
authorizing and directing the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to cause plans and estimates to be made for a
public building at Memphis, Tennessee."
Mr. MAYNARD. I move to non concur in
the amendments of the Senate and ask a
committee of conference thereon.
Mr. HOLMAN. I think those amendments
ought to be concurred in.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman ask
for a vote on concurrence ?
Mr. HOLMAN. I do.
The SPEAKER. Then that takes prece-
dence of the motion of the gentleman from
Tennessee, [Mr. Maynard.]
The question was put on concurring in the
amendments of the Senate ; and there were—
ayes thirty nine, noes not counted.
So the amendments were not concurred in
The question was then taken on Mr. May-
nard's motion, and it was agreed to.
point lookout railroad.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the bill (H. R. No. 191G) to authorize the
Washington City and Point Lookout Railroad
Company to extend a railroad into and within
the District of Columbia, returned from the
Senate with amendments.
Mr. CH1PMAN. I ask that the amend-
ments of the Senate be concurred in.
The first amendment of the Senate was to
insert in section one, line nine, after the word
'' branch'' the following :
And a branch from the main stem of said railroad
to a point at or near the southern terminus of the
southeastern boundary line between the District of
Columbia and the State of Maryland.
The amendment was concurred in.
The next amendment of the Senate was to
insert on page 7, at the end of line twenty-
eight, the words "and also the said branch
road."
The amendment was concurred in.
The next amendment of the Senate was on
page 2, lineten, to strike out the words "justice
of the peace of the county of Washington" and
insert in lieu thereof "judge of the supreme
court of the District of Columbia."
The amendment was concurred in.
The next amendment of the Senate was to
strike out all after the word " court" in line
three, page 4, down to the end of the section,
as follows:
And in all cases where the party or parties claim-
ant shall appeal, tho said company, if itshall require
the immediate use of the property condemned and
valued as aforesaid, before an appeal can be heard
or decided, may execute and tender a bond to the
party or parties aforesaid, in at least double the sum
found by the jury, with sureties to be approved by
the supreme court of said District, and with a con-
dition to pay without delay such sum and costs as
may be awarded by the said court; and upon the
delivery or tender of such bond the said company
may proceed to the construction of their said road as
if the party or parties elaimant and thesaid company
had agreed upon the compensation to be paid for
the property to be used; and that in all cases where
the said company shall appeal and give bond as
aforesaid, they may have the power to proceed in
the construction of their road and appropriation of
the property for the uses thereof, as if no appeal
had been taken and the parties had agreed upon
the compensation for the property required.
The amendment was concurred in.
The next and last amendment of the Senate
was on page 5, line twenty-five, to strike out
" eight" and insert " five."
The amendment was concurred in.
Mr. CHIPMAN moved to reconsider the
several votes by which the amendments were
concurred in ; and also moved that the motion
to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
n. clay elliott.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was House bill No. 3425, with Senate amend-
ments, for the relief of H. Clay EUiott, of
Henderson, Kentucky.
The amendments of the Senate were to strike
out " June " and insert "July " in line eleven;
also to add to the bill the following :
And when giving such additional bond and sure-
ties as may be deemed necessary, to be approved by
the Commissioner of Internal Revenue, to secure
the United States against the want of consent of the
owners of the fee required by said eighth section of
said act.
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. I move that the
amendments of the Senate be concurred in.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky, moved to recon-
sider the vote just taken; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
steamship line to mexico.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was Senate bill No. 57. authorizing mail
steamship service in the Gulf of Mexico, be-
tween the port of New Orleans, Louisiana,
and certain ports of the republic of Mexico.
Mr. HOLMAN. 1 think this bill should be
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. MOREY. I ask that this bill be passed
over informally for the present, as my col-
leagues [Mr. Sheldon and Mr. Sypher] who
take particular interest in this measure are
not now in their seats.
Mr. HOLMAN. I do not object to that.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection,
the bill will be restored to its place on the
table.
No objection was made.
enforcement act.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was Senate bill No. 438, supplementary to an
act entitled "An act to ameudanact approved
May 31, 1871, entitled 'An act to enforce the
rights of citizens of the United States to vote
in the several States of this Uuion, and for
other purposes,' " passed February 28, 1871;
which was taken up, and read a first and second
time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be read a third time.
The bill provides that the circuit court of
the United States for any judicial district in
which at any time the circuit judge, or a dis-
trict judge designated by the circuit judge,
shall hold a circuit court for the purposes of
the act to which this is a supplement, shall
hereafter be deemed the circuit court men-
tioned in the second and thirteenth sections of '
such act, and shall be deemed and taken to
be, for all the purposes of the said act, the
circuit court for the circuit mentioned in the
said sections, and all its acts and proceedings
in that behalf shall be operative and have full
force and effect throughout the circuit.
Mr. KERR. I move that this bill be'referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. KERR moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was referred; and also moved
that, the motion to reconsider be laid on th&
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
