1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
683
columbia deaf and dumb institution.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was Senate bill No. 385, to regulate the admis-
sion of pupils into the Columbia Institution
for the Deaf and Dumb ; which was taken up,
and read a first and second time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be read a third time,
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I move that this
bill be referred to the Committee for the Dis- i;
trict of Columbia. '
The motion was agreed to. i!
ENFORCEMENT ACT. jj
The next business on the Speaker's table j!
was Senate bill No. 791, to amend an act enti- i'
tied uAn act to amend an act approved May j
31. 1870, entitled 'An act to enforce the rights ;
of citizens of the United States to vote in'tbe li
several States of the Union, and for other pur-
poses."' j!
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. That bill ought ;;
to be considered more than we can consider it
now. I move that it be referred to the Com- )|
mittee on the Judiciary, with leave to report at
any time. |l
The SPEAKER. That will require unani- jj
mous consent. !
Mr. ARCHER. I object. ji
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Then I ask that i
it be allowed to retain its place on the Speaker's li
table. j]
Mr. RANDALL. Why not let it be referred jj
to the Committee on tbeJudiciary, as it relates j:
to several laws? r
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I am not in !
any way in charge of the bill. The chairman
of the Committee on the Judiciary [Mr.
bingham] is not here. 1 would not like to <
make any absolute disposition of the subject 1
in the absence of (he chairman of the Com-
mil tee on the Judiciary; but I think the bill
ought to be referred, m order to retain its
place and its rights. Certainly it should eiiher
be referred with leave to be brought back at
any time, or it should be permitted to lie on
the table. •
Mr. COX. I do not know why any prefer-
ence should be given to this bill over others.
It is certainly a matter that ought to be eon- ;
sidered by the appropriate committee. '
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Courtesy to the 1
chairman of the Committee on the Judiciary,
who is absent, requires that no prejudicial '■
disposition of the bill should now be made. !.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection
the bill will be passed over, retaining its place
on the Speaker's table without prejudice. The '
Chair hears no objection.
WEST WISCONSIN RAILWAY COMPANY. :
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the bill (S. No. 102o) to quiet the title to ;
the lands ofthe settlers on the lands belonging :
to the West Wisconsin Hallway Company.
Mr, RUSK. 1 ask that tbih bill be allowed
to remain on the Speaker's table.
Mr. STEVENSON. 1 object; let it be i;
referred.
Mr. UOLMAN. I ask that the bill be
reported.
The bill was read.
Mr. SAWYER. I hope no man will object
to the bill lying upon the Speaker's table.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to the ,
bill being passed over informally, retaining its
place on the Speaker's table.
There was no objection.
LAND T1T1.KS IN IOWA.
The next business on the Speaker's table ,
was the bill (S. No. 1015} to quiet title to ■:
certain lauds in the State of Iowa. ij
Mr. HAWLKY, of Illinois. I ask that this 'j
bill be now put, on its passage. :!
The SPEAKER. The question is on order- ji
in^ the bill to a third reading. i!
The bill was read. It provides that the title, ,j
to the lauds in the State <>( Iowa heretofore j.
approved and certified by the Department of li
the I nterior for railroad purposes, to aid in
the construction of a railroad from the city of
Davenport via Iowa City to Council Bluffs,
under the grants made by Congress, according
to the adjustments thereof made at the General
Land Office, shall be confirmed to the Missis-
sippi and Missouri Railroad Company, and
the Chicago, Rock Island, and Pacific Rail-
road Company and their assigns, the corpor-
ations to whom the lands were certified. This
act is construed as conveying only any rever-
sionary or other interest which the United
States may have in the lands; and all lands
settled upon in good faith and now occupied
by homesteads or preemption settlers are to be
excluded from tbe operations of this act.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. I desire
to move to refer the bill to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
Mr. HOLMAN. I wish to move its refer-
ence to the Committee on the Public Lands.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Hawley] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. HAWLEY, of Illinois. Mr. Speaker,
this bill has been before the House, I believe,
on two former occasions. Therefore it is not
a stranger to the House, and I think it ought
to be acted on. I desire briefly to state again
the reasons why it ought to pass, and to call
attention to the laws heretofore enacted in ref-
erence to the Chicago, fiock Islaod, aud Pacific
Railroad Company, and the Mississippi and
Missouri Railroad Company, to which it is the
successor. I call attention to the sections
which the Clerk will read from the act of May
15, 1858, making a grant of lands to the State
of Iowa in alternate sections to aid in the con-
struction of certain railroads in said State.
The Clerk read as follows :
"Be i'em'wi, if':.. That there be, and U hereby,
granted to the State ol Iowa, for the purpose of
aiding in the construction of railroads from Bur-
lington, on the Mississippi river, to a point oo tbe
Missouri river near the mouth of the Platte river,
iroui the city oi D.ivenport. via Iowa Ci'v and Fort
Des Moines, to Council Bluffs; from Lyons City
northwesterly to a point of intersection with the
main liue of tbe Iowa Central Air Line railroad
near Macjuoketa; thence on said main line, running
as near as practicable to the forty second parallel
across tbe said State to the Missouri river, from the
city of Dubuque to a point on the Missouri river
near Sioux City, with a branch from the muutu of
the Tete Des Morts to the nearest point on said
road, to be completed as soon as the main road is
completed to that point, every alternate section of
land, designated by odd numbers, for six sections in
width on each side of each wfsaid roads. But in
case it shall appear that the United States have,
when the lines or routes of said roads are definitely
fixed, sold any sections or any parts thereof granted
as atom-aid, or that the risrhts of preemption has
attached to the same, then it sh;;il be lawful for
any agent or agents, to be appointed by the tiov-
crnor of said State, to select, subject to the ap-
proval of the Secretary of the Interior, from the
lands of the United States nearest to tbe tiers of
sections above specified, so much land, in alter-
nate sections, or paru of sections, as shall be enual
to such lands as the United States have sold or other-
wise appropriated, or to which the rights of pre-
emption have attached,as aforesaid; which lands
(thus selected in lieu of those sold and to which pre-
emption rights have attached, as aforesaid, together
with the sections, and parts of sections, designated
by odd nuuioers as aforesaid, and appropriated as
aforesaid) shall be held by the State of Iowa for the
use and purpose aforesaid: Prodded, That Thei.md
to bo so locutwl shall in no ease be further than
filteen miles from the lines of said roads, atid selected
for and on account of each of-.aid roads: t'nrvuUd
/urih<r. That the lands hereby granted for and on
aeeount of ^aid roads severally shall be exclusively
applied in the construction of that road for and on
account of which such lands jtre hereby granted,and
shall be disposed of only us the work progresses,
and the same shall be applied to no other purpose
whatsoever : Aa.i prortJfJ furihu-. That any and
all lands heretofore reserved to the United States
by any act of Congress, or any other manner by
competent authority, for tbe purpose of nidiae in any
object of internal improvement, or for any other
purpose whatsoever, be. and the same are hereby,
reserved to the United States from the operation of
this act, except so far as it may be found necessary
to locate the routes of said railroads through such
reserved lands, in which case the right of way only
shall be granted, subject to the approval of the
President of the United States."
Mr. HAWLEY, of Illinois. I now ask the
Cierk to read the third section.
The Clerk read tut follows : :
" Sir. 3. .4 m/ Ik it furthrr <-nae<ni, That the said
lands hereby granted to the said State shall be sub- .
ject
purpose
to the disposal of the legislature thereof for the
,iose aforesaid, and no other; and the said rail-
roads shall be and remain public highways for the
use of the Government of the United States, free
from toll or other charge upon the transportation
of any property or troops ofthe United States."
Mr. HAWLEY, of Illinois. I now ask the
Clerk to read section five of the same law.
Tbe Clerk read as follows:
" Sec. 5. And be it further enacted. That the United
estates mail shall be transported over said road."
under the direction of the Post Office Department
at such price as Congress may by law direct: Pro-
vided, That nntil such price is fixed by Jaw the Post-
master General shall have power to determine the
same."
Mr. HAWLEY. of Illinois. Mr. Speaker,
it will be observed from the reading of those
sections of tbe act of 1856 that a grant of
lands was made to the State of Iowa fox the
construction of four different roads: one road
from Burlington on the Mississippi river to a
point on the Missouri river near the mouth of
the Platte river: secondly, from the eity of
Davenport, via Iowa City and Fort Des Moines,
to Council Bluffs; thirdly, from Lyoti City
northwesterly to a point of intersection with
the main line of the -Iowa Central Air Line
railroad near Maqnoketa ; and fourthly, from
thence on said main line running as near as
practicable to tbe forty-second parallel across
the said State and tbe Missouri river, from the
city of Dubuque to a point on the Missouri river
near Sioux City. The grant was for alternate
odd sections, six sections wide on each side of
the road, and they were allowed to go fifteen
miles on either side by way of indemnity to
make up the grant of lands in case they could
not get the lands within six miles of the line
of the road.
Now, this was the legislation of 1856. It
will be observed by the third section of the
act it was provided that the roads to be con-
structed should be forever public highways
over which the troops, munitions of war, and
other property of the U nited States should be
transported for ail time free of charge. That
is the provision contained ia the act of 1856,
and yon may search all the aets of Congress
making grants for railroad purposes and you
will find none more limited in its terms in
reference to the amount of lands granted and
none imposing greater obligations than this
act of 1856. Yet by this provision all the
troops, munitions of war, and other property
of the United States are to be transported free,
of charge for all time over every one of these
roads. And in addition, in the fifth section of
tbe act, it is provided that the United States
mails shall be carried over these roads at such
rates as Congress may prescribe; and it
is farther provided that until Congress shall
legislate on the subjeet, power shall be given
to tbe Postmaster General to prescribe the
terms on which the mails shall be transported.
In pursuance of this law tbe State of Iowa
created a corporation known as the Mississippi
and Missouri Railroad Company, to construct
a road extending from Davenport, Iowa, to the
Missouri river, by the way of Fort Des Moines.
It gave to that company the lands within the
limits prescribed for the purpose of construct-
ing that road. The Mississippi and Missouri
Railroad Company wentforward and completed
the road to a point beyond Iowa City. Then
that corporation became bankrupt, and waj
unable to go on with the work and complete it.
In 1864 Congress made further provision for
the completion of this road aud the other roads
chartered by the State of Iowa in pursuance
of the act of IS06. I will call the attention of
the House briefly to the legislation of 1884 as
applicable to tbe question now before the
House. By the terms of the act of June 2,
lSo4, it was provided that the Mississippi and
Missouri railroad, or any other road which
should become the owner of its franchises and
its land grant, might- go on with the comple-
tion of the road from Davenport, by the way
of Fort Des Moines, to tbe Missouri river.
It was also provided that in cane six sections
