684
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 17,
per mile were not found within the limits of
six miles on either side of the road, then it
should have twenty miles on either side in
which to make up the grant. It was also pro-
vided that it might relocate this road or any
part of it. This provision in reference to relo-
cation also applies to the Burlington and Mis-
souri railroad. The Cedar Rapids and Mis-
souri road received the lands without reference
to relocation and with twenty miles indemnity
limits. It was the intention of Congress when
it passed the act of 1864 to enable the Mis-
sissippi and Missouri road or its successor to
complete this road and receive the benefit of
this land grant of six sections per mile and
twenty miles indemnity limits.
Now, the question in controversy here is
simply in reference to the relocation of a part
of the line of the road, as I understand it. The
road is relocated in fact for a part of the dis-
tance, such relocated portion being on the
south side of the old line. A part of the line
between Fort Des Moines and the Missouri
river was relocated within the limits of the
original grant, as shown by a letter of the Com-
missioner of the General Land Office which I
have before me, and which I will have read for
the information of the House.
Now, we have, as often as railroad com-
panies have come to us and asked for the
privilege of relocating within the limits of
their grant, complied with their request. These
requests have been repeatedly made since I
have been a member of the House. One such
case which I remember well as occurring last
session was that of a railroad in Michigan.
That railroad company came to Congress and
said that the character of the ground over
which it had originally located the road was
such that it was very expensive building the
road. It asked the privilege to relocate it
within the limits of the grant. That right was
given by Congress. A bill was passed by both
Houses at the last session and became a law
authorizing the road in Michigan to which I
refer to relocate its line of road within the
limits of the grant without changing the land
grant. Nobody made any question about it;
nobody disputed the right of the road to do
this; nobody questioned that it ought to be
done. This road simply relocated a part of i ts
line within the limits of its grant._ This itdid
after the passage oi' the act of 18t>4, this
new line, however, remaining all of it within
the limits of the original grant and within the
fifteen mile indemnity limjj,8.
Mr. Speaker, there Were three roads run-
ning nearly parallel in thiat'section of the State
of Iowa through which the western portion of
this road passed. The' Commissioner of the
General Land Office certified to the Chicago,
Kock Island and Pacific Railroad Company, as
the successor of the Mississippi and Missouri
Railroad Company, the lands to which he
deemed it entitled under the acts of 1856 and
1864. lie alsjo certified lands to the Cedar
Rapids road cm the north, and to the Burlington
and Missouri road, on the south side of the
Chicago, Rock Island and Pacific road. These
certificates were made before the opportunity
was given to the Chicago, Hock Island and
Pacific Railroad Company to file its map of
relocation, and upon either side of the line of
the Chicago, R-ock Island andPacilic railroad,
and between it and the other roads there was
fixed a compromise line, which limited the
grant to the Chicago, Rock Island and Pacific
Railroad Company on both sides of its line.
You will observe, Mr. Speaker, that the
Chicago, Rock Island, and Pacific Railroad
Company could not get lands twenty miles on
either side of its line, because these other two
roads as they were converging to join the Union
Pacific Railroad Compauy crowded out the
Chicago, Rock Island and Pacific, and deprived
it of a large part of its grant. The gentlemen
who oppose this bill insist that the road shall be
driven so far South thai, it shall not get half the
land to which it was en,;tled ou that portion of
the line. It will be observed further that this
road never received an acre until it reached a
point within about one hundred and twenty-five
miles of the Missouri river. Thus two thirds,
or nearly two thirds of the whole line was
passed over from Davenport to the West with-
out receiving any lands whatever. There is no
question about that. It is now sought by those
who are opposed to the bill to deprive this
road of any benefit.it may have under the law,
as I claim, by virtue of the act of 1864 extend-
ing the indemnity limit to make up a portion
of its grant.
I call the attention of the House now
especially to a part of the fourth section of
the act of 1864, for the purpose of showing
what the inteution of Congress was in the_
passage of that act. It reads as follows:
"Provided, further, That nothing in this act shall be
construed to interfere with or in any manner impair
any rights acquired by any railroad company named
in the act to which this is an amendment, or the
rights of any corporation, person or persons, acquired
through any suoh ooiopany; nor shall it be con-
strued to impair any vested right of property, but
such rights are hereby reserved and confirmed.
Provided however, That no lands shall be conveyed
to any company or party whatsoever under the pro-
visions of this act, and the act amended by this act,
which have been settled upon and improved in good
faith by a bona fide inhabitant, under color of title
derived from the United States or from the State of
Iowa, adverse to tho grant made by this act or the
act to which this act is an amendment. But each
of said companies may select an equal quantity of
publio lands as described in this act, within the
distance of twenty miles of the line of each of said
roads, in lieu of lands thus settled upon and improved
by bona Jide inhabitants in good faith undercolor
of title as aforesaid."
I call thfi special attention of the House to
the fact that this confirms all rights which had
been acquired under previous legislation,
whether by railroad companies or by private
persons. Prior to the passage of this act the
Mississippi and Missouri Railroad Company
had mortgaged all these lands, as the law
of Iowa, passed in pursuance of the Jaw of
Congress, provided it might do. They had
been mortgaged to an amount of more than
$2,000,000. Their bonds were out under that
law, and were owned by persons scattered all
over the United States. These persons had
acquired rights under that law in case the road
should be completed. Those rights are con
firmed by this act and all rights which had
been acquired under former legislation.
I especially call the attention of the House
to the last paragraph, which I have just read
for the purpose of showing that it was not
required by Congress as a matter at all mate-
rial that the railroad company should or
should not relocate its line. The object that
Congress had in view in that legislation was
to secure the construction of the road. That
was what the grant was made for. It gave
the power to relocate if desired. It did not
require it to relocate j it simply required that
the road should be built, that it should be
completed. And in the latter part of this
section which I have just read there is no
reference to a relocation; but it says dis-
tinctly that the company shall have these
lands within the distance of twenty miles of
the line of the road, if necessary to make up
the grant, without any reference whatever to
the question of a relocation.
I ask attention to the eighth section to show
what Congress intended, and to show that it
intended that these lands, in case the railroad
should not be completed as required by its
terms, should go absolutely to the State of
Iowa, without limit as to time, for the pur-
pose of completing some road, as intended by
the original act. The eighth section is in
these words:
" Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That no lands
granted shall be certified to either of said com-
panies until the Governor of the State of Iowa shall
certify to the Secretary of the Interior that the said
company has completed, ready for the rolling stock,
within one year from the 1st day of July next, a
section of not less than twenty miles from the pres-
ent terminus of the completed portion of said rail-
road, and in each year thereafter an additional sec-
tion of twenty-miles; but the number of sections
per mile originally authorized shall be certified to
each company upon proof as aforesaid ot the com-
pletion of the additional sections of the road as
aforesaid; and upon the failure of either company
to complete either section as aforesaid, to be annu-
ally built, the portion of the land remaining uncer-
tified shall become subject to the control and dispo-
sition of the Legislature of the State of Iowa to aid
in the completion of such road.'
By the act of 1864 the road was required
to build twenty miles each year, and in case
it failed to build twenty miles a year, then
the lands went absolutely to the State of
Iowa without limitation as to time, without
condition, to be used by the State of Iowa to
complete a road from Davenport, by way of
Iowa City and Fort Des Moines to the Missouri
river, to connect with the Union Pacific rail-
road. That was the object of the law. The
object Congress Lad in view was to secure
the construction of the road, and henceit pro-
vided that in case tbe company to which the
grant had been previovsly made should fail
to complete it, then the land should go to the
State of Iowa to be disposed of as it should
see fit for the accomplishment of that purpose.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I desire to have read a
letter from the Commissioner of the General
Land Office, showing the amount of lands
received by this railroad company under the
acts of Congress to which I have referred.
The Clerk read as follows:
Department ot the Interior,
Gknkral Land Office,
Washington, D. C., April 27,1872.
Sir: In compliance with the request of the com-
mittee, through W. L. Woods, esq., I have the honor
to present the following:
1. The odd numbered sections of land granted by
the act of May 15,1856, to Iowa for the (benefit of
the Mississippi and Missouri, now Chicago, Rock
Isla nd and Pacific railroad, were certified December
27,1858, and March 21,1862, to the St.ate for the use
and benefit of the Mississippi and Missouri road,
and are such as arc colored blue and yellow on
map left in charge of the committee on the 25th
instant.
2. It does not appear that there are any persons
claiming suoh lands by virtue of settlement made
by them prior to the definite location of the road,
at which time, according to the act, the right of the
State for the benefit of the road attached.
3. Tho vacant lands comprising even and odd
numbered sections, granted by act of Congress of
June 2,1864, are within the limits of fifteen miles on
the north and within the fifteen and twenty miles
on the south of tho old line, quantity of which is
given below, and were certified June 20,1870, and
March 14, 1871  to the Chicago, Kock Island and
Pacific railroad.
4. The amended line of road authorized by act of
June 2,1864, is constructed within the fifteen mile
limits fixed by the original act of May 15,1856.
5. Estimated quantity embraced in the six miles
limits, set apart by the act of 1856, is 1,261,181.60
acres.
6. Number of acres certified under act of 1856 is
482,254.36 acres, all being within fifteen mile limits
of old line ; number of acres certified under act of
1861,159,893.10; total acres, 642,147.46.
Of tho quantity certified under act of 1864, on south
line of road, ana within the fifteen and twenty mile
limits of old line, odd sections, 960 acres; of even
sections on south line of road and within same
limits, 67,120 acres; and the quantity certified of even
sections on north side of old line, and within fifteen
mile limits, 91,813 acres.
7. We have no official knowledge of any appli-
cations claiming by virtue of legal settlement made
prior to act of 1864 for any of the lands certified
under said act.
8. There are found to be twenty-four homestead
applications pending, which were filed jn October
and November, 1871, for odd sections lying within
fifteen mile limits north of old line, set apart by act
of 1856, and certified in 1858; but whether theparties
have made settlement upon the lands or not this
office is not advised.
Very respectfully,
WILLIS DBUMMOND,
Commissioner.
Hon. J. H, Ketch am. Chairman of Committee on the
Public Lands, House of liepresentatives,
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. Will the
gentleman from Illinois give way for a ques-
tion?
Mr. HAWLEY, of Illinois. I will when I
have concluded what I desire to say.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. My ques-
tion is in reference to the letter which has
just been read.
Mr. HAWLEY, of Illinois. I prefer not to
yield until I have concluded the statement
which I desire to make.
It will be seen by the letter of the Commis-
