1644
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 24,
At the end of. section two add tie follow ing:
For connecting the inland waters along the mar-
fin of the Gulf of Mexico, from Donaldsonville, in
lOuisiana, to the Rio Grande river, in Texas, by
cuts and canals; at Great Pee Doe river, from Pine
Bluff to Cheraw, South Carolina; at Cleveland.
Ohio, for the construction of harbor of refuge: at
New Rochelle, New York, for improvement of Echo
bay or harbor; at Forked Beer river, below Dyer-
burg, Tennessee; at harbor at Wilson, on Lake
Ontario, New York.
In line one hundred and thirty-five strike oat all
after the word *' Illinois," and insert the following:
Including the purchase, repair, and reconstruc-
tion of the locks and dams on the same near the
mouth of Whito river, $50,000 : Provided, That said
locks and dams can be purchased at a price not ex-
ceeding their fair value, to be ascertained under
sueh rules and regulations as may be prescribed by
the Secretary of War.
So that it will read:
For the improvement of the Wabash river, Indiana
and Illinois, including the purchase, &c.
Mr. DUN NELL. I desire the gentleman
from Wisconsin [Mr. Sawyer] to accept an
amendment which I wish to offer.
Mr. SAWYER.. I have looked at the gen-
tleman's amendment, and I am willing to
accept it.
Objection wa3 made.
The SPEAKER. The question is on sus-
pending the rules and passing the bill with the
amendments which have just been read and
the amendments already adopted.
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. Pending that, I
move that the House do now adjourn, that we
may have a chance at least to read the amend-
ments.
The question being put on the motion to
adjourn, there were—ayes 53, noes 81.
So the House refused to adjourn.
The question recurred on the motion to sus-
pend the rules and pass the bill with amend-
ments.
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. On that ques-
tion I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. ELDREDGE. I move that the House
do now adjourn.
The SPEAKER. That motion is not in
order. Pending the motion to suspend the
rules only one motion to adjourn can be enter-
tained.
The question was taken ; and there were—
yeas 101, nays 64, not voting 75 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Archer, Averill, Barber,
Barry, Bigby, Bingham, Braxton, Buffinton, Bun-
nell, Burchard, Burdett, Benjamin F. Butler, Cald-
well, Clarke, Coburn, Coghlan, Conger, Conner,
Critclier, Crocker, Dawes, Dodds, Donnan, Duel],
Eames, Esty, Farwell, Forkor, Charles Foster, Wil-
der D. Foster, Fryc, Garfield. Goodrich, Griffith,
Hale, Harmer, Harper, George B. Harris, Joseph R.
Ilawley, Gerry W. Ilazelton, John W. Hazelton.
Herndon, Iioar, Houghton, Kelley, Kellogg, Lam-
port, Leach, Lowe. Lynch, Maynard, McCrary, Mo-
Grew. McJunkin, Merriam, Merrick, Mitchell. Mo-
rey, Leonard Myers, Negley, Orr, Packard, Peck,
Pendleton, Perce, Perry, Peters, Piatt, Poland, Por-
ter, Rainey, Ellis H. Roberts, John Rose]llooso-
velt, Rusk, Sargent, Sawyer, Sessions, Shanks, Shel-
don, Shellabarger, Shoemaker, John A. Smith, Sny-
der, Sprague, Starkweather, Stevenson, Stouj^bton,
Stowell, Swann, Thomas, Washington Townsond,
Twichell, Tyner, Upson, Wakeman, Waldron, Wal-
lace, Williams of Indiana, and Jeremiah M. Wil-
son—101.
NAYS—Messrs. Acker, Ambler. Arthur. Erasmus
W. Beck, J ames B. Beck, Bell, James G. Blair, Boles,
Buckley, RoderickR. Butler, Comingo, Cox, Cross-
land, Dox, Dunnell, Finkelnburg. Getz, Giddings,
Golladay. Haldeman. Hancock, Handley, Hanks,
Havens, Hay. Hays, Hereford, Hibbard, Kerr. King,
Maclntyre, Maiison, Marshall, McClelland, McCor-
mick, McKee. Benjamin F. Meyers. Morgan, Mor-
phis, Silas L. Niblack, William 15. Niblack, Packer,
Hosea W. Parker, Isaac C. Parker, Potter, Price,
Read, William R. Roberts, Sion II. Rogers, Sher-
wood, Shober, Slater, H. Boardman Smith, Speer.
Stevens, Storm, Terry, Turner, Van Trump, Wells,
Wbitthorne, Willard, Winchester, and Wood—64.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Ba.nks, Barnuin
Beatty, Biggs, Bird, Austin Blair, Boarman, Bright,
Brooks, Campbell, Carroll, Cobb, Cotton, Crebs,
Crccly, Darrall, Davis, Dickcy. DuBose, Duke,
Eldredge, Elliott, Ely, Farnsworth, Henry D. Fos-
ter, Gurrett, Halsey, Hambleton, John T. Harris,
John B. Hawlry, Hill, Hulman. Hooper, Kendall,
Ketcham, Killinger. Kinsella, Lamison, Lansing,
Lewis, McIIenry, McKinney, McNeely, Monroe,
Moore, Palmer, Priodle, Randal], Edward Y. Rice,
John M. Rice, Ritchie, Robinson, Scofield, Seeley,
Slocum, Sloss, Worthington C. Smith, Snapp, St.
John, Sutherland, Sypher, Tatfe, Dwight Townsend,
Xuthill, Vaughan, Voorhces, Waddell, Waldcn,
Warren, Wheeler, Whiteley, Williams of New
York, John T. Wilson, and Young—75.
So (two thirds not voting in favor thereof)
the rules were not suspended.
geneva award.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I move
that the rules be suspended, and the House bill
in relation to the Geneva award be substituted
for the Senate bill.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot enter-
tain that motion, as the House is now acting
under a suspension of the rules.
Mr. POTTER. I move that the House
adjourn.
The SPEAKER. Pending the motion to
adjourn, a memorial from the Board of Trade
of Philadelphia, in regard to the underwriters'
claims under the Geneva award, presented by
Mr. L. Myers, will be referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary and ordered to be
printed.
yellowstone national park.
The SPEAKER also, pending the motion
to adjourn, laid before the House a letter from
the Secretary of the Interior, in relation to an
appropriation for the purpose of opening the
Yellowstone national park to the public by the
construction of wagon-roads within its bound-
aries : which was referred to the Committee
on Appropriations, and ordered to be printed.
The question was then taken on Mr. Pot-
ter's motion, and it was agreed to ; and the
House (at five o'clock and ten minutes p. m.)
adj ourned.
petitions.
The following petitions were presented un-
der the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts: The
petition of E. Stillman Dix, for a pension.
By Mr. HIBBARD: The petition of Z. D.
Gilman and others, and the petition of W.
D. Terbell & Co. and others, praying the
repeal of stamp duties imposed by schedule C.
By Mr. PORTER: The petition of citizens
of Virginia, praying the passage of House bill
No. 1104.
By Mr. WALDEN : The petition of E. W.
Alderman, Joseph Merryfield, and numerous
others, citizens of Iowa, asking an amend-
ment to the postal law so as to extend the
money-order system to every post office at
such low rate of expense as shall be equitable
and just toward the people.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, February 24, 1873.
The House met at eleven o'clock a. m.
Prayer by Rev. James McCosh, D. D., Presi-
dent of Princeton College, New Jersey.
The Journal of Saturday last was read and
approved.
order of business.
The SPEAKER. This being Monday, the
first business in order during the morning hour
is the calling of the States and Territories for
the introduction of bills and joint resolutions
for reference to their appropriate committees,
not to be brought back into the House by
motionsto reconsider. Under this call memo-
rials and resolutions of State and territorial
Legislatures may be presented for printing and
reference. The morning hour now begins at
fifteen minutes past eleven o'clock.
newspaper postage.
Mr. PRYE presented a resolution of the
Legislature of Maine, relating to newspaper
postage; which was ordered to be printed,
and referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
public lands foe common schools.
Mr. FRYE also presented a resolution of
the Legislature of Maine, in favor of setting
apart the national public domain forthe benefit
of common schools; which was ordered to be
printed, and referred to the Committee on
Education and Labor.
volume of currency.
Mr. HAZELTON, of New Jersey, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 4036) to enable the
people to regulate the volume of the currency;
which was read a first and second time, ordered
to be printed, and referred to the Committee
on Banking and Currency.
joseph m. brigg8.
Mr. HILL introduced a bill (H. R. No.
4037) for the relief of the widow and children
of the late Joseph M. Briggs, late special
agent of the Post Office Department; which
was read a first and second time, ordered to
be printed, and referred to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads.
restoration of lands to market.
Mr. TOWNSEND, of Pennsylvania, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 4088) to amend an act
entitled "An act for the restoration to market
of certain lands in Michigan," approved June
10, 1872; which was read a first and second
time, ordered to be printed, and referred to
the Committee on the Public Lands.
united states steamer champion.
Mr. ARCHER introduced a bill (H. R. No.
4039) for the relief of the officers and crew of
the United States steamer Champion ; which
was read a first and second time, ordered to
be printed, and referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
liquors from fruit.
Mr. CRITCHER presented a joint resolu-
tion of the General Assembly of the State of
Virginia, memorializing Congress to abolish
the internal tax on all liquors made from fruit;
which was ordered to be printed, and referred
to the Committee of Ways and Means.
tax on liquors from fruit.
Mr. PORTER presented a joint resolution
of the General Assembly of Virginia, memo-
rializing Congress to abolish or modify the
internal tax on all liquors made from fruit;
which was ordered to be printed, and referred
to the Committee of Ways and Means.
w. h. wilhite.
Mr. GOLLADAY introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 4040) for the relief of W. H. Wilhite, of
Tennessee; which was read a first and second
time, ordered to be printed, and referred to
the Committee of Claims.
will s. bridges.
Mr. GOLLADAY also introduced a bill
(H. R. No. 4041) for the relief of Will S.
Bridges, of Tennessee ; which was read a first
and second time, ordered to be printed, and
referred to the Committee of Claims.
mackinac park, michigan,
Mr. CONGER presented a concurrent reso-
lution of the Legislative Assembly of the State
of Michigan, requesting Congress to establish
a national park on the military reservation on
the island, of Mackinac, in the State of Mich-
igan ; which was ordered to be printed, and
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
public building in florida.
Mr. NIBLACK, of Florida, introduced a
bill (H. R. No. 4042) to authorize the erection
of a public building at Jacksonville, Florida ;
which was read a first and second time, ordered
to be printed, and referred to the Committee
on Public Buildings and Grounds.
texas war claim.
Mr. HERNDON introduced a joint resolu-
tion (H. R. No. 201) authorizing and direct-
ing the Secretary of the Treasury to pay to the
State of Texas $223,143 89, with legal interest
since November, 1800, as compensation for
