1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
troops furnished and paid by said State from
September, 1854, till November, 1860, and for
which the United States are liable; which was
read a first and second time, ordered to be
printed, and referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
"occupying claimants."
Mr. ORR introduced a bill (H. R. No. 4043)
to extend State laws on the subject of " occu-
pying claimants" to actions tried in the courts
of the United States; which was read a first
and second time, ordered to be printed, and
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary,
8ettleks on osage reservation.
Mr. LOWE presented a joint resolution of
the Legislature of the State of Kansas, pray-
ing for an extension of time for settlers to
enter lands of the Osage reservation; which
was referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
school lands in kansas.
Mr. LOWE also presented a joint resolution
of the Legislature of the State of Kansas,
memorializing Congress for a sufficient grant
of lauds to supply the deficiency of sixteenth
and thirty-sixth sections for school purposes,
lost to the State by Indian reservations : which
was referred to the Committee on the Public
Lauds, and ordered to be printed.
preemptions and homesteads.
Mr. LOWE also introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 4044) to authorize preemptors or settlers
upon homesteads on the public lands to alien-
ate portions of their preemptions or home-
steads for certain public purposes ; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee on the Public Lands, and ordered
to be printed.
land district in nkw mexico.
Mr. GALLEGOS introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 4045) creating an additional land district
in the Territory of New Mexico; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee on the Public Lands, and ordered
to be printed.
order of business.
Mr. HOLMAN. I ask two minutes to make
a personal explanation.
Mr. HOAK. Is that in order during the
morning hour of Monday ?
The SPEAKER. As the morning hour
to-day falls within the last ten days of the
session, the suspension of the rules which
was operating on Saturday continues without
regard to the morning hour.
Mr. PERCE. I ask whether the morning
hour does not extend to the calling of States
for resolutions?
The SPEAKER. It does not. The Chair
had the States called for bills on leave as a
matter of convenience. The Clerk will read
the one hundred and forty-fifth rule.
The Clerk read as follows :
" Except during the last ten days of the session the
Speaker shall not entertaio a motion to suspend the
rules of the House at any time, except on Monday
of every week, at the expiration of one hour after
the Journal is read, unless the calk of States and
Territories for bills oil leave has been earlier con-
cluded. when the Speaker may entertain a motion to
suspend the rules."
The SPEAKER. That rule, by its terms,
applies "except during the last ten days of
the session." During these ten days a motion
to suspend the rules is iu order at any time,
and would have been in order immediately
after the reading of the Journal to-day. But
the Chair called the States as a matter of con-
venience. The gentleman from Indiana [Mr.
Holman] asks consent to make a personal
explanation occupying two minutes. Is there
objection ?
There was no objection.
personal explanation.
Mr. HOLMAN. I ask the Clerk to read a
paragraph from the remarks of the gentleman
from California [Mr. Saroent] published in
the Globe of Saturday last.
The Clerk read as follows:
"And when a proposition came up to go back to a
time when the memory of no man now living can
reach, and reopen and readjust claims arising under
a war that occurred fifty or sixty years ago, and to
r&enrT once settled, we find the gentleman
i_Mr. Holman] voting for that proposition.' *
Mr. HOLMAN". Mr. Speaker, T did not
observe in the progress of the debate the
remark made by the gentleman from Cal-
ifornia on the 21st instant; if I had done so,
I should at once have made the statement I
now make, that the gentleman was mistaken.
I had opposed the measure referred to—the
Virginia bill to open and readjust the accounts
of the war of 1812—from the beginning. But
when the Speaker suggested on the 20th in-
stant, as a matter of fairness, in view of the
trouble arising from the absence of a quorum
on the night previous, that the measure in
question should be brought before the House,
1 voted in common with other gentlemen in
the House, in conformity with the Speaker's
suggestion, to bring the subject up for consid-
eration. But upon the motion to lay on the
table, as well as upon the final vote by which
the bill was defeated, I opposed and voted
against that bill as I had always done. The
record of the votes is before me.
I have sought to make this statement be-
cause the New York Tribune, and perhaps
other public journals, have been misled by
the statement of the gentleman from Califor-
nia, uncontradicted by me at the time, and
called attention editorially to the statement.
However, I do not wish to be understood as
casting any imputation upon the vote of any
gentleman who thought proper to support that
bill, for it received a very earnest support.
All I desire is to point out the misstatement
of the fact as to myself.
Mr. SARGENT. I suppose my impression
was derived from the first vote the gentleman
refers to ; and I am now very glad to acknowl-
edge his explanation and to know that he did
not vote for the bill on its final passage.
order of business.
Mr. SAWYER. I demand the regular order
of business.
The SPEAKER. With the consent of the
gentleman from Wisconsin there are some
references which if now allowed to be made
will facilitate business.
Mr. SAWYER. I do not object to that if it
does not take up too much time.
national art school.
Mr. COX. I present the memorial of J.
Wilson McDonald, P, C. Wright, and others
of committee representing four hundred pro-
fessional artists of New York ci ty, for a national
art school; which I move be referred to the
Committee on the Library, and ordered to be
printed in the Globe.
The motion was agreed to.
The memorial is as follows:
To the Senate and House of Representatives in Con-
gress assembled,'
Memorial for the purpose of establishing a gallery
of the fine arts for the promotion of art in Amer-
ica, for the purpose of calling into practical use-
fulness all the artistic activitivcs and talent in
the nation, and to establish a national artacademy,
by which the genius of the people may be devel-
oped.
For the purpose of forming a collection of the
best works of American masters now and hereafter,
and thereby encouraging and patronizing the fine
arts, your memorialists beg to represent:
That the advancomcnt and protection of the arts
of poetry, painting, music, sculpture, architecture,
and tho drama are absolutely necessary to the pro-
gress and continuance of civilization.
That these arts are the handmaids and helpmates
of science, morality and pure religion iaali refined
and enlightened nations.
There is no surer standard by which to .judge the
intellectual and moral status of a nation than by
their advancement in the fine arts.
Poetry, painting, music, and sculpture are in-
separably interwoven with the soul, brain, and even
auctions of our national existence.
It is to the idealists, inventors, and artists, that
we owo nearly all our aesthetic and material pro-
gress, Two of the most illustrious names among
the benefactors of the human race were American
artists. Pulton and Morse were painters; one of
them was almost daily seen, for many years, about
the doors of the Capitol importuning for a recogni-
tion of those ideas and dreams which have since
become utilized, and are now the indispensable and
invaluable necessities of mankind.
The idea and invention of the immortal Dagaerre
is now an inestimable assistant to science, history,
and education, and to-day is doing for the fine arts
what printing is accomplishing for literature.
All the enlightened nations of the Old World have
their galleries and schools of art, and they are re-
ferred to with enthusiastic pride and pleasure by all
classes from the peasant to the prince.
The artists of the past have proved to be the his-
torians of prehistoric nations. When the language
of the ancient Egyptians had faded from the mem-
ory of man, and their literature and philosophy ex-
isted only in name, the arts came to the rescue, and
the monuments, sculptures, and paintings in the
ruined temples and tombs of the Nile revealed the
history of an almost forgotten nation.
The glories of Greece are to be found in the frag-
ments of her sculptures, and Chose which have
escaped the hand of the barbarian or have remained
entombed in her divine valleys or on her immortal
plains, are to-day the admiration of the world and
the despair of modern artists.
A great portion ol the revenue of Italy and other
European countries is derived from travelers and
pilgrims, hundreds and thousands of whom go an-
nually to admire and to worship at the Shrines and
fanes of art.
As a nation we have our history and literature to
illustrate. Let it be done upon canvas and per-
petuated in imperishable bronze, that future gener--
ations may read the successful phasesof our rise and
progress.
Your memorialists, numbering more than four
hundred professional artists and lovers of art be-
longing_ to the organization known as the "Pal-
lette," in the city of New York, therefore pray that
the sum of $1,000,000 be appropriated for the purpose
of erecting in the city of Washington a building of
suitable design, proportions, and appurtenances
for a gallery and school of fine arts, to be under the
control and direction of Congress, and to be con-
ducted by able professors of painting, sculpture, and
drawing, as in similar institutions in Europe; and
each member of the House of Representatives be
empowered to appoint an eligible candidate of talent
and genius for the arts of painting and sculpture, to
be educated in this national academy in the higher
branches of these arts at the expense of the United
States, and to be proposed and chosen in the same
manner as are cadets in the Military Academy of
the United States at West Point. Also that a suffi-
cient sum of money be appropriated for the pur-
chase of molds of all the great antique and mod-
ern statutes for the use of the national academy,
and the further purpose of distributing copies of
the casts at cost price to the schools, seminaries,
and-colleges in the United States which may re-
quire or order them. And also, that a law be en-
acted for the purpose of establishing a national ex-
hibition of works by American citizcns; that all
classes of artists be invited to compete for the
national premiums hereinafter described, and the
exhibitions to begin upon the first Monday of De-
cember preceding the inauguration of the Presi-
dent of the United States; and also that a premium
of $50,000 and a grand# gold medal of honor be
given for the best work in each department of the
arts of painting and sculpture, and S30,000 and a
gmnd silver medal for the second best, and $20,000
and a grand bronze medal for the third best; and
the works so chosen to become the property of the
United States; that the awarding jury shall be
appointed by Congress, and be composed of seven
cuizcns of the United States, and one each from
Great Britain. France, Germany, Russia, Italy, and
Belgium, making in all thirteen, none of whom
shall be competitors.
Your memorialists feel confident that such a school
as they propose would soon call lorth the latent
artistic talent of our country, and it would in time
take a position in the great artistie nations of the
world. Art students would no longer be compelled
to exile thembelves from their native land. They
now go to study in foreign countries chiefly because
they have been denied recognition and education
by their countrymen at home. In establishing a
national art school we are but adopting the course
pursued by all enlightened countries of ancient or
modern times. A grand gallery of works of the best
American masters would at once become one of the
important institutions of the Republic, and would
form one of the pi incipal ornaments and attractions
of the capital. It would serve as a repository for
thousands of historical relies and objects of art
which are connected with the birth and early history
of the nation, and would be the receptacle of many
private collections now extantwhose owners expect
to donate or bequeathe them to such an institution.
In the great contests for artistic superiority which
would take place every four years the emoluments
and honors offered would be worthy of the ambition
ot the greatest genius of the land, and the recordsof
their triumphs would form important epochs in the
history of progress and glory of the Republic. And
your memorialists will ever pray.
J. WILSON MACDONALD,
Cha%rn\an«
PHINEAS C. WRIGHT.
LOUIS PRANG.
WILLIAM KURTZ,
JOHN R. ROBERTSON
V. A, SILVIA,
