686
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 17.
priation for the erection of a marine hospital
in San Francisco ; and
A bill (H. B. No. 2878) to pay the county
of Ontario, in the State ©f New York, the sum
$25,500.
The message also announced that the Senate
had passed, and requested the concurrence of
the House in, a bill of the following title :
A bill (H'. R. No. 1391) repealing an act en-
titled "An act for the relief of certain Indians
in the central superintendency," approved June
10, 1872.
LAND TITLES IN IOWA.
The House resumed the consideration of
the bill (S. No. 1015) to quiet title to certain
lands in the State of Iowa.
Mr. McCOBMICK, of Missouri. I think,
Mr. Speaker, that even in the brief time allowed
me I can present this question to the House
so that members may understand distinctly
what they ftTe voting upon. In 1856 a grant
of land was made to build the Rock Island
and Pacific railroad across the State of Iowa.
This was a grant of six sections to the mile
with aa indemnity limit of fifteen miles on each
side of the road. In 1864 that company came
to Congress and asked for additional legisla-
tion. It asked in the first place to be permit-
ted to change its lin6 of location, to make a
deflection southward about twenty or twenty-
five miles from the line first located. It also
asked Congress to increase its grant from six
sections to the mile to ten sections to the mile,
and to extend the indemnity limit from fifteen
miles to twenty miles. The company also pro-
posed that, instead of cotifining itself to alter-
nate sections, it should take both odd and even
numbered sections so far as might be neces-
sary to give it ten sections to the mile.
Now, this is the whole legislation from the
beginning to the end. They did locate their
lands in 1864. They did obtain the additional
land. They did obtain the privilege of going,
to indemnify themselves, twenty miles on either
side of the road instead of fifteen miles. They
did obtain the privilege of selection in refer-
ence to the odd and even number of sections.
In making this new location there were ninety-
two thousand acres of land which had been
embraced in the first location. Now it is in
reference to these ninety-two thousand acres,
or perhaps it would be more correct to say
one hundred thousand acres, this question
arises. These one hundred thousand acres of
land, then, lie north of the exterior limits of
twenty-five miles of the line of this road as
located and constructed. Now this company
comes to Congress, long after it completed this
road, long after the road has hccome a paying
road, for the stock has been quoted all the way
from 110 to 118 and 11!), and asks us to grant
it these one hundred thousand acres which
were embraced in the first survey of the road,
and which would have belonged to them if
they had not changed the original location of
the line of their road.
Now, _ Mr. Speaker, what I propose is to
refer this whole subject to the Committee on
the Judiciary, a committee composed of emi-
nent lawyers of this House, who shall be
directed to report back, by bill or otherwise,
to give this road every acre of land granted
by the Congress of the United .States to Which
it may be entitled under both of these acts
which may be open to settlement.
And it must not be forgotten, Mr. Speaker,
that there are a great number of citizens in
that country who are desirous of obtaining
lands and, building up houses for themselves.
Settlers have gone there and settled upon the
lands embraced in this controversy. It is in
effect a contest between the poor men of Iowa,
who want homes for themselves and their
families, and this railroad corporation, which
has already received a grant from the Gov-
ernment of the United States, and which is
now a prosperous company, if we are to judge
by the value of its stock in the market.
This is a concise statement of the whole sub-
ject. What is proposed is a wrong which this
House ought not to do to the people of Iowa,
to the laboring people of Iowa who wish homes
on these lands. These are valuable lands. The
climate is salubrious and the soil fertile. The
country is beautiful in appearance. 1 appeal,
therefore, to the House, in behalf of the poor
men of that country, not to do this act of injus-
tice to them in behalf of corporations which I
say now control almost the entire destinies of
that State. I have prepared a resolution, which
I ask the Clerk to read as a part of my remarks.
The Clerk read as follows :
Mexolved, That Senate bill No. 1015, now on the
Speaker's table, be referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary, with instructions to report a bill
confirming to the Rock Island and Pacific Railroad
Company all the lands granted to the State o-f Iowa
to aid in the.construction of said Rock Island rail-
road, by act of May 15, 1856, as amended by act of
Juno 2, 1864, and lying within twenty miles of said
railroad as located and constructed, and to provide
for the opening to homestead settlers all lands cer-
tified to said railroad under its first location, and
not situated within twenty miles of said railroad as
finally looated and constructed.
Mr. McCOBMICK, of Missouri. My wish
is not to wrong this railroad company out of a
single acre of land to which they are entitled.
But the gentleman from Illinois who preceded
me has told us that this road has rights. If
they have just rights, why have they not ob-
tained those rights in due course of law ?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman's time
has expired.
Mr. HAWLEY, of Illinois. How much
time have I left?
The SPEAKER. Eight minutes.
Mr. HAWLEY, of Illinois. I desire to say
this: I occupied I believe about forty minutes—
longer than I intended. I did not intend to
occupy so much time, but I will say, if the House
will second the previous question, I will give
those who are opposed to the bill forty out of
the sixty minutes to which I am entitled to
close the debate. I desire to say further in
reference to what the gentleman from Missouri
has said about actual settlers being on these
lands, that the Commissioner of the Land
Office has told us in the document, a part of
which has been read, that there are not twenty
homestead settlers upon these lands.
Mr. McCOBMICK, of Missouri. The Gen-
eral Land Office has refused positively to let
the settlers go there, and has rejected all
applications for homestead claims.
Mr. HAWLEY, of Illinois. They are not
on the land. No doubt there are a great many
who would like to go there.
Mr. STEVENSON. Will the gentleman
allow a motion to be pending to refer this bill
to the Committee on the Judiciary?
Mr. IIAWLEY, of Illinois. I cannot yield
to any such motion, for the reason I believe
this bill ought to pass.
Mr. STEVENSON. Then I hope the
demand for the previous question will be voted
dowji, in order that we may have this bill re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. HAWLEY, of Illinois. I desire to say
a single word before the House votes on order-
ing the previous question. If this bill goes to
the Committee on the Judiciary it is well
known to every gentleman that it will not be
reported this session, and that it will be lost.
Therefore I have resisted the motion to refer.
Mr. STEVENSON. I am willing that the
committee should have leave to report the bill
at any time.
Mr. RANDALL. That is a fair proposition.
Mr. HAWLEY, of Illinois. Icannotagree
to that.
The question was on seconding the demand
for the previous question ; and being put. there
were—ayes 69, noes 53 ; no quorum voting.
The SPEAKER, under the rule, ordered
tellers; and appointed Mr. Hawley, of Illinois,
and Mr. McCokmick, of Missouri.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 78, noes 61.
So the previous question was seconded.
Mr. HOLM AN. In order to have a test
vote on this land scheme, I move to lay the
bill on the table.
The question being put on Mr. Holman's
motion, there were—ayes 62, noes 76.
Mr. HOLMAN. I qall for the yeas and
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 79, nays 101, not voting
61; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Arthur, Beatty, James B.
Beck, Bell, Biggs, Bird, Austin Blair, James G.
Blair, Boarman, Bright, Burohard, Benjamin P.
Butler, Comingo, Cox, Crebs, Cntcher. Crossland,
Davis. Dox, Duke, Finkelnburg, Forker. Giddings,
IXalsey, Hancock, Hanks, John T. Harris, Havens,
Hay, Heradon, Hibbard, Holman, Kerr, Killinger,
King, Lewis, Maclntyre, Manson, Marshall, Mc-
Cormick, McCrary, McGrew, McJunkin, McKee,
McNeely, Merrick. Monroe, Morgan, Niblaek, Orr,
Packard, Packer.HoseaW.Parker, Isaac C.Parker,
Porter, Potter, Prindle, Randall, Read. Edward Y.
Rice, Ellis H. Roberts, William R. Roberts, Robin-
son, Slater; Speer, Sprague, Stevens, Stevenson,
Storm, Swann, Terry, Tyner, Upson, Van Trump,
Walden. Willard, John T. Wilson, and Young—79.
NAYS—Messrs. Averill. Barber, Barnum, Eras-
mus W. Beck. Braxton, Buckley, Buffinton, Bun-
nell, Burdetfc, Roderick R. Butler, Conger, Conner,
Cotton, Crocker, Dawes, Dodds, Donnan, DuBose,
Eames, Eldredge, Elliott. Farnsworth, Farwell,
Charles Foster, Henry D. Foster, Wilder D. Foster,
Garrett, Getz, Goliad ay, Griffith, Hale, Handley,
Harper, George E. Harris, John B. Hawley, Joseph
R. Ilawley, Hays, Gerry W. Hazelton, John W. Ha-
zelton, Hooper, Houghton, Keiiey, Kellogg. Keteh-
am, Lamison, Lamport, Lansing, Leach, Maynard,
McClelland, McIIenry, Benjamin F. Meyers, Mitch-
ell, Moore, Morey, Negley, Palmer. Peck, Pendle-
ton, Perce, Perry,Peters, Poland, Rainey, John M.
Rice, John Rogers, Sion H. Rogers, Rusk, Sargent,
Sawyer, Scofield, Sessions, Shanks, Sheldon, Sher-
wood, Shober, Shoemaker, Slocum, Sloss, Snapp,
Starkweather, Stoughton, St. John, Sutherland,
Washington Townsend. Turner, Tuthill, Twichell,
Vaughan, Voorhees, Waddell, Wakeman, Waldron,
Wallace, Warren, Wells, Wheeler, Whiteley, Whit-
thorne, Williams of Indiana, and Williams of New
York-101.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Acker. Ambler. Ames,
Archer, Banks, Barry, Bigby, Bingham, Boles,
Brooks, Caldwell, Campbell, Carroll, Clarke, Cobb,
Coburn, Coghlan.Creely,Darrali, De Large,Dickey,
Duell, Dunnell, Ely, Esty, Frye, Garfield, Goodrich,
Haldeman, Hambleton, Harmer, Hereford, Hill,
Hoar, Kendall, Kinsella, Lowe, Lynch, McKinney,
Merriam, Morphis, Leonard Myers, Piatt, Price,
Ritchie, Roosevelt, Seeley, Shellabarger, H. Board-
man Smith, John A.Smith, Worthington C. Smith,
Snyder, Stowell, Sypher, Taffe, Thomas, Dwight
Townsend, Walls. Jeremiah M. Wilson, Winchester,
and Wood—61.
So the House refused to lay the bill on the
table.
The main question was ordered.
Mr. IIAWLEY, of Illinois, rose.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to reconsider the
vote by which the main question was ordered.
The SPEAKER,. The gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Hawley] has the floor.
Mr. HAWLEY, of Illinois. I move to re-
consider the vote by which the main question
was ordered ; and also move to lay the motion
to reconsider on the table.
Mr. HOLMAN. I desire to make a parlia-
mentary inquiry; whether, if the motion to
reconsider should prevail, it will then be in
order to move a reference of the bill to the
Committee on the Judiciary?
. The SPEAKER. The Chair does not desire
to be drawn into the debate by a question on a
parliamentary point. The gentleman knows
the effect of the motion.
Mr. HOLMAN. My object in wishing to
move to reconsider the vote was to have this
bill referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
The question was put on the motion of Mr.
Hawley, of Illinois ; and on a division, there
were—ayes 84, noes 70.
Mr. HOLMAN. I call for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
^ 1 he question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 97, nays 72, not voting
72; as follows:
m,lE%ra,fST?- Areh^Barnum. Eras-
mus W. Beck, Buckley, Bulfinton, Bunnell, Burdctt
Roderick II. Butler. Cobb, Conger, Conner, Crockcr'
Dawes Donnan, DuBose, Duell, Duke Earn"'
ter Hew^D Ot#I|lrnSp0rth'/arwe11* Chllrl«s
dav Griffith 6afrTreU. <>e^. Golla-
u.iy, wifttn, Hale, Handley, Harper, Georgo E.
