688
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 18,
tion was ordered ; and also to lay the motion
to reconsider on the table.
Mr. STEVENSON. I hope the gentleman
will not press that motion now. It was under-
stood that we should adjourn after the last
vote, and I move that the House do now
adjourn.
The SPEAKER. The motion of the gen-
tleman from Illinois to reconsider is entered,
and pending that motion the gentleman from,
Ohio moves that the House do now adjourn.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I desire to say
that to-morrow after the morning hour I shall
ask the House to go into Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, and get
through, if possible, with the diplomatic ap-
propriation bill and the naval appropriation.
Mr. McCORMlCK, of Missouri. I have a
proposition which I think the friends of this
bill will consent to, if they will hear it.
Mr. HAWLBY, of Illinois. I object.
Mr. STEVENSON. I hope the gentleman
will let it be read.
Mr. IIAWLBY, of Illinois. I object.
Mr. SARGENT. I call for the regular
6rder.
The question was taken on Mr. Stevenson's
motion, and it was agreed toj and the House
(at four o'clock and forty-five minutes p. m.)
adjourned.
order of business
Mr. MAYNARD. I rise to a parliamentary
inquiry. What is the regular order of busi-
ness this morning?
The SPEAKER. The call of committees
for reports of a private nature, and the Com-
mittee of Claims is entitled to its second
hour.
Mr. MAYNARD. Does not the bill which
was pending last evening come up?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is correct.
That bill comes up as the unfinished business.
appointment of conference committees.
The SPEAKER announced that he had
appointed the following committees of confer-
ence ordered by the House yesterday:
On the bill (H. R. No. 333) for the relief of
Mrs. M. S. Morse, administratrix and widow
of Isaac E. Morse, deceased: Mr. Packard of
Indiana, Mr. L. Myers of Pennsylvania, and
Mr. Swann of Maryland.
On the bill (H. R. No. 2763) providing a
building suited to the use of a custom-house,
post office, the pension and revenue officers,
and the judicial officers of the United States
in the cily of Memphis, Tennessee: Mr.
Maynard of Tennessee, Mr. Sessions of New
York, and Mr. Wells of Missouri.
petitions, el'o.
The following petitions, &c , were presented
under the rule, and referred to appropriate
committees:
By Mr. BURCHARD; The petition of citi-
zens of Galeni, Illinois, for an appropriation
for the improvement of Galena river.
By Mr. CONGER: The petition of D. L.
Filer and 125 others, citizens of Ludington,
in favor of an appropriation for the improve-
ment of Pere Marquette harbor, Ludington,
Michigan.
By Mr. CROSSLAND: The petition of
citizens of Calloway county, Kentucky, pray-
ing the establishment of a post route from
Muncey, via Harrisburg, to Bayoville.
By Mr. HARRIS, of Virginia: The petition
of Catharine Kearney and others, of Berry-
ville, Virginia, praying compensation for
French spoliations.
By Mr. L. MYERS : The petition of owners,
Captains, seamen, and others, for the repeal
of the act of Congress of June (J, 1872, author-
izing the appointment of shipping commis-
sioners.
By Mr. PERCE: The petition of members of
the bar in Mississippi, praying the creation
of four districts in Mississippi for holding the
Federal courts.
By Mr. SLATER: The petition of C. B.
Mays, J. L. Shipley, and 21 others, citizens
of Benton county, Oregon, praying the re-
moval of the Indians from the Alsea and
Liletz reservations in said county, and the
opening of the same to settlement by the
whites.
By Mr. SPRAGUE : The petition of Arious
Kennedy, of Mariet.a, Ohio, late private in
company H, third West Virginia cavalry, ask-
ing a pension on account of wounds received
in the service.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, January 18, 1873.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
appproved.
credit mobilier investigation.
Mr. POLAND, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted-the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the testimony taken by the select
Committee on the Credit Mobilier Investigation,
appointed December 2, 1872, be printed for the use
of the committee.
Mr. KERB, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to :
Mesolvecl, That tho Secretary of the Treasury he
respectfully directed to furnish to theHouse astate-
ment of the amounts of revenue collected on account
of tho ten per cent, ad valorem duty imposed by sec-
tion six of the act of March 3, 1865, entitled "An
act amendatory of certain acts imposing duties on
foreign importations," and copies of all orders and
instructions issued by him to collectors of customs,
coal on public lands.
Mr. KENDALL, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (R. R. No. 3519) to encourage
the discovery, exploration, and working of
coal veins or beds on the public lands of the
United States; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee on
Mines and Mining, and ordered to be printed.
enrolled bills.
Mr. FOSTER, of Michigan, from the Com
mittee on Enrolled Bills, reported that the
committee had examined and found duly en-
rolled bills of the following titles; when the
Speaker signed the same :
An act (S. No. 964) to "amend an act enti-
tled "An act to amend the fifth section of an
act entitled 'An act donating public lands to
the several States and Territories which may
provide colleges for the benefit of agriculture
and the mechanic arts,' approved July 2,1862,
so as to extend the time within which the pro-
visions of said act shall be accepted and such
colleges established," approved July 23,1866;
An act (H. R. No. 772) to incorporate the
Loomis Aerial Telegraph Company;
An act (H. R. No. 1812) authorizing the
First National Bank of Newnau to change its
location and name;
An act (H. R. No. 1841) authorizing the
removal of restrictions upon the alienations
of certain Miami Indian lands in the State of
Kansas.;
An act (H. R. No. 1952) to amend an act
entitled "An act to incorporate a national
military and naval asylum for the relief of the
totally disabled officers and men of the volun-
teer forces of the United States," approved
March 21, I860, and for other purposes ;
An act (H. R. No. 2255) for the relief of
W. H. Kirk;
An act (H. R. No. 2340) to change the name
of the pleasure-yacht Ellie, of Boston, Massa-
cli u setts'
An act (H. R. No. 2570) for the relief of
T. H. Holderness, owner of the British ship
Duke of Edinburgh;
An act (H. R. No. 2884) for the settlement
and payment of the claim of Elizabeth S.
Brewer, executrix of John Brewer ;
An act (H. R. No. 3350) establishing post
routes in the State of Maine ;
An act (H. R. No. 3302) transferring the
contiol of certain territorial penitentiaries to
the several Territories in which the same are
located; .
An act (H. R. No. 3364) regulating the com-
pensation of the members and officers of the
Legislative Assemblies of the several^ Terri-
tories of the United States, and limiting the
duration thereof;
An act (H. R. No. 3425) for the relief of
H. Clay Elliott, of Henderson, Kentucky; and
An act (H. R. No. 3497) authorizing the
Secretary of War to contract for the construc-
tion of a light-draught snag-boat to ply on the
Mississippi, Missouri, and Arkansas rivers.
improvement of detroit 1uver.
Mr. CONGER, by unanimous conSttit,-pre-
sented the memorial of G. W. Bissell and one
hundred and eighty-two others, shippers and
business men of Detroit, asking Congress for
an appropriation for the improvement of the
westerly channel of the Detroit river; which
was referred to the Committee on Commerce,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. CONGER. I ask unanimous consent
that the body of th$t memorial be printed in
the Globe.
There was no objection; and it was ordered
accordingly.
The memorial is as follows :
To the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United States in Congreae assembled:
Your memorialists, citizens of the city of Detroit,
Michigan, being largely interested in the commer-
cial prosperity of the great northwestern lakes and
rivers, beg leave to represent that, for many years
past, the great bulk of all classes of vessels (sail apd
steam) engaged in the large and rapidly increasing
commerce between the various ports of Lakes On-
tario and Erie, with those of Lakes Huron, Michigan,
and Superior, have been in the habit of using what
is known as tl^e Canadian or east channel of the
Detroit river, some miles of which are without the
limits and jurisdiction ofthe United States, but within
the exclusive limits of the Dominion of Ontario, as
will bo seen by reference to official charts and mapst
that while the United States have for many years
been expending largo sums of money for the im-
provement of* harbors, and the removal of obstruc-
tions to navigation within the waters under their
immediate control, with a view to encouraging the
building and use of a larger class of vessels, for the
purpose of cheapening the cost of transportation
between the entire Atlantic coast and the great
West, the Canadian or Dominion Government, owing
to the fact that its commerce, which is but small
when compared with that of this country, and which
in size and capacity of vessels is of a necessity con-
fined to the use of their small canals, (as for exam-
ple the Welland canal, one of the connecting links
between Lake Brie and the Gulf of St. Lawrence,
which only permits the passage of vessels or
about one hundred and forty-five feet in length by
twenty-six feet beam, drawing not to exceed ten feet
water, and carrying not to exceed three hundred
and fifty to four hundred tons through it, even this
being a much greater draught than can be carried
through the lower canals of said Dominion,) have
done but little or nothing toward improving the
harbors or the coast, or removing obstructions from
the natural or direct courses of navigation within
its limits.
Such being the present status of the lake com-
merce of the two Governments as herein referred
to, your memorialists would further state that a
costly experience has demonstrated the fact that
that portion of the Detroit river known as the
Canadian or east channel, so called, as well as that
Part ot the head of Lake Erie embracing Bar p >int
and being wholly underthecontrol ofthe Dominion
Government, has been for some time past, and is
now, owing to its natural and accummulating ob-
structions, unsafe and unfit for navigable purposes
by the majority of the vessels under the United
btates nag, &c., engaged in the carrying trade of
the lakes, being as it is one of the most important
elements of our national industry. It will be seen
that this proposition is self-evident from the follow-
ing exhibit of figures, namely; more than three
thousand vessels, sail and steam, made such use as
they could of said Canadian or east channel through
tho season of navigation, say nine months in the
year 1872. Of theso vessels, ranging from four to
sixteen hundred tons, cust m-house measurement,
two hundred and seventy-six are over soven hun-
dred tons with a load line of draught of fourteen
feet, while twelve and a half to thirteen feet has
been the full limit of draught with which they could
expect to pass through said channel or around Bar
point, thus causing an actual loss of at lea&t two hun-
dred tons carrying capacity of cargo in each passage.
This on three thousand cargoes, which we deem asafe
