1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1649
It will bind still closer the lake^ and the vallev of
the Mississippi, and make the East and the West
one in destiny torcvcr. It would save to ibe North-
west in a Kiugle year like the pas-t, io lessening the
cod <>1 transportation of its staples, more than its
entire cost. It would the day it was completed, add
to the taxable property of the nation an amount the
taxes upon which under the pending tax bill would
more than pay the interest on its cost. The com-
mittee, tor these and other reasons, earnestly recom-
mend the measure to the favorable action of the
House."
The State of Illinois has expended upon this
work $3,000,000 within the last three .years,
and all we ask is this small appropriation to
clean out bars in the lower part of the river in
order to make it the best navigable stream in
the United States. It has been said that the
"gods help those who help themselves." I
trust the members of this House will in their
action follow a maxim so true.
Mr. CONGER, for the purpose of remov-
ing sand-bars in the Illinois river the commit-
tee agreed to report $25,000 in the original
bill, and then on recommendation of the gen-
tleman who has just spoken, who did not think
that was enough, the committee pat in $'25,000
more to remove those sand-bars, which, with
the machinery now on the river, the commit-
tee thought to be sufficient for this year. Of
course the appropriation must be renewed for
that purpose from year to year because the
sand-bars keep forming. I now demand a vote.
The House divided ; and there were—ayes
72, noes 60.
Mr. SAWYER demanded tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
For the improvement of the Mississippi, Missouri,
and Arkansas rivers, $100,000.
Mr. HANKS. I offer the following amend-
ment :
After the paragraph just read, insert the fol-
lowing:
For the improvement of the White and St. Francis
rivers, 550,000.
These, Mr. Speaker, are two of the most
important rivers in the State of Arkansas, or
the southern country. The White river is one
of the best navigable streams in the whole
United States. There has been no appropri-
ation made for these rivers for the last several
years.
Mr. CONGER. I raise the point of order
on this amendment that there has been no sur-
vey and no estimate for this improvement.
The SPEAKER. If there has been no sur-
vey the amendment is not in order.
Mr. HANKS. There has been a survey
made under the authority of previous appro-
priation bills in former years for both these
rivers.
The SPEAKER. That is a question of fact,
on which the Chair cannot rule.
Mr. HANKS. And both of them need these
improvements very much. They have a large
commerce with St. Louis, Cincinnati, and
other cities, and there are on these rivers sev-
eral important towns.
Mr. CONGER. This appropriation was
put into the bill last year and was struck out
m the Senate.
Mr. HANKS. It was struck out m the con-
ference committee; and that is the very injus-
tice we complain of.
Mr. CONGER. There has been no esti-
mate and survey,
Mr. HANKS. There has unquestionably
been a survey of those rivers.
Mr. SAWYER. Can the gentleman point
to the evidence of that?
Mr. HANKS. I had no idea that such a
question would be raised.
The SPEAKER. The question of parlia-
mentary right to submit such a proposition as
this is based on the rule that there must be by
law a survey ordered and an estimate made by
the engineers.
Mr. HANKS. That has been done in a
previous year. .
The SPEAKER. It is not the province of
42n Cong. 3d Sess.—No. 104.
the Chair to rule upon quesiions of fact. It
is for the Chair to rule upon the law applicable
to a certain state of facts.
Mr. BOLES. There was a survey two years
ago.
Mr. HANKS. Both the streams have been
surveyed.
Mr. SAWYER. I would suggest that the
gentleman withdraw his amendment just now.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ar-
kansas [Mr. Hanks] had better withdraw the
amendment temporarily until the question of
fact is settled, and the Chair will subsequently
recognize him before the bill is disposed of.
Mr. HANKS. Then I withdraw the amend-
ment for the present.
Mr. BOLES. I offer the following amend-
ament:
After the paragraph last read, add the following:
For the improvement of the Petit Jean river, in
the State of Arkansas, $15,000
On Saturday evening I moved au appropri-
ation, for the improvement of this stream, of
$25,000. My friends gave me sixty votes on
that proposition. I have now cut down the
amouut two fifths and I hope my friends will
increase the vote in favor of the amendment
correspondingly.
Mr. SAWYER. I should like to have the
engineer's report read.
Mr. BOLES. I am not acquainted with the
engineer who was sent there from St. Louis to
make this survey, and who, as the people liv-
ing on this stream believe, was bought up by
the merchants of a town or towns on the Ark-
ansas river, because they feared the improve-
ment of the stream would cut off part of their
trade with the interior. In making his report
he did not report the facts in connection with
this stream. The report is contradictory
within itself. In one place he says it is a rapid,
mountainous stream. In another portion^ of
the report he says that for seventy-eight miles
from Danville to its mouth it is a sluggish
running river, and depends on the back water
from the Arkansas river for its navigation,
which is not the case at all.
Mr. LYNCH. I desire to ask the gentle-
man i question. Is this one of the small
streams that the engineer had to go explor-
ing to find ?
Mr. BOLES. It is a stream that is now
being navigated. For several months during
last winter and spring there was a small boat
made regular trips on it once in two weeks,
and carried hundreds of bales of cotton from
Danville, seventy-eight miles above the mouth
of this stream.
The people there are working to improve
this stream themselves. They have already
spent thousands of dollars on its improve-
ment, and if they get this assistance they will
be able, during the season of the year when
they have to ship off their cotton^ and other
produce, to navigate this stream with perfect
safety. I now ask for a vote.
The House divided on the amendment
offered by Mr. Boles ; and there were—ayes
37, noes 59 ; no quorum voting.
The Speaker, under the rule, ordered tellers;
and Mr. Sawyer and Mr. Boles were ap-
pointed.
The House divided ; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 62, noes 67.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. McKEE. I offer the following amend-
ment :
For the improvement of the Yazoo river, $40,000.
I do not offer this amendment in any cap-
tious spirit because I was defeated the other
day. I move it because it is due to my section
of the country, due to my State, and due to the
great cotton-growing region of the South. But
$10,000 have been voted for Mississippi m
these bills since Mississippi was reconstructed.
Now we have had enough of this thing. We
give everything to Wisconsin and Michigan, and
I will only say that if ever I chance to get on
the Committee on Commerce I will reportap-
propriations for every little liver and bayou
in Mississippi and nothing for Michigan and
Wisconsin. [Laughter.]
This appropriation is recommended by the
engineer corps. I have here the report of the
engineer who made the survey. Forty thou-
sand dollars is asked for, to clear out the
Yazoo river which has more commerce, ten
times over, than all these little one-horse har-
bors on the lakes, out of which they cannot
float a raft without.digging out a bar. Now
that is not justice to our part of the country;
it is not right. Here is a recommendation
from the engineer corps, and I want to hear
some reason why this appropriation should
not be granted. I am tired of hearing mem-
bers of the Committee on Commerce say "Let
us vote and sustain the committee." Because
we are not members of the committee we are
to be cheated and are not to have even-handed
justice done us.
Now I appeal to the House that in this case,
when the engineer's report shows that from
twelve to fifteen mill ion dollars' worth of cotton
alone are brought down this river besides its
other commerce, whether we ought, when this
river has not been cleared out for fifteen years,
to refuse this appropriation. It is the most
important stream in proportion to its size that
there is in this country. It runs through a
valley richer than the valley of the Nile, and
yet we cannot get a small appropriation of
$40,000 for clearing it out, although the report
says that that amount should be appropriated.
In view of the importance of this stream, I
hope the House will grant this appropriation.
Mr. CONGER. I do not propose to antag-
onize the gentleman here about the judgment
of the Committee ou Commerce in nearly over
two hundred appropriations made for rivers
and harbors in the United States, and 1 do
not care for his fling at the committee that
they appropriate to one State or to another.
The report in reference to this case came in
here in the middle of the session. It had the
consideration of the committee. What is this
appropriation for ? To remove boats sunk in
the Yazoo river during the insurrection ; sunk
there to obstruct navigation. The Cairo was
sunk there with all her arms and guns on
board, and if she were raised she would pro-
duce enough to clear out the whole of this
river.
Mr. PERCE. To whom does she belong ?
Mr. CONGER. To the United States.
Mr. PERCE. Then let them take it up.
Mr. CONGER. Let the War Department
in another appropriation remove the boats
sunk there.
Mr. McKEE. But they will not do it.
Mr. CONGER. They will do it; and let the
value of the boats raised go to this improve-
ment.
Now, I say to the House that the report of
the engineer simply says that there are nine-
teen wrecks in this river which are obstructions
to navigation and recommends the removal
of eight of them, as being the worst obstruc-
tions, and he places the costof removingthem
at $5,000 per wreck.
Mr. HOAR. Do I understand the gentle-
man to say that if this $40,000 is appropriated
and these wrecks are removed the United
States will receive in another way property of
value more than enougu to make up this
appropriation?
Mr. CONGER. I said that in regard to the
Cairo.
Mr. HOAR. I understood the gentleman
to say so in regard to each one of the boats ?
Mr. CONGER. 1 have referred only to the
gunboat Cairo.
Mr. McKEE. I desire to say 
Mr. CONGER. Let me talk.
Mr. McKEE. One moment. These boats,
most of them, were transports belonging to
the United States.
Mr. CON GER. I am coming to that, and
I can tell it just as well as the gentleman can.
