690
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 18,
present session to consider the subject, and that some
remedial measure for the unequal operation of the
limitation to the prosecution of claims now in force
will be adopted.
Very respectfully,
J. W. BAKER, Commissioner,
Hon. J. H. Moore, Ghawman of the Committee on
Pensions, House oj Representatives.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to the
consideration of this bill ?
No objection was made ; and the bill (H. R.
No. 3520) to amend certain provisions of the
pension laws, was read a first and second time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
Mr. COX, I do not object to this bill, but
I desire to make a suggestion to the gentle-
man who has charge of it, and it is that we
repeal all rules, regulations, and laws in refer-
ence to the test-oaths. I think the House
gave some indication the other day that it is
ready to get rid of these iron-clad oaths. It is
a very troublesome regulation, does 110 good,
and I hope the gentleman will permit an
amendment to that effect.
Mr. MOORE. Nearly every member of
this House has been to the chairman of the
Committee on Invalid Pensions to get a special
act passed to relieve soldiers who are suffer-
ing under the disabilities here described. I
will further state that in the general pension
bill which we passed through this House dur-
ing the last session there was a provision sub-
stantially the same as that contained in this
bill. And if we had any assurance at all that
that bill of last session would be taken up in
tfce Senate and passed, then the same provis-
ion that we propose to secure by this little bill
woujd be secured by the passage of that gen-
eral pension bill. But there is no hope in that
direction that I know of.
The Secietary of the Interior and the Com-
missioner of Pensions are exceedingly anxious
that this difficulty should be removed out of
the way. Now, if we pass this bill and send
it to the Seuate, with the recommendation of
the Secretary of the Interior and the Commis-
sioner of Pensions, itwill be taken up there and
passed. We have already passed upon every
provision that is in this bill, and the House
has heretofore sanctioned them. This is for
the purpose of getting the provisions through
Congress, so as to relieve these cases this
session. The bill which has been sent to the
Senate will probably not be passed.
Mr. COX. I desire to say to the gentleman
that-this is a very good opportunity to repeal
that portion of the pension law or that regula-
tion of the Department that requires witnesses
to be loyal men.
Mr. MOORE. Ther<3 is no such regulation.
Mr. COX. It requires even an old soldier
ol 1812 to hunt up loyal men for the purpose
of proving his claim.
Mr. MOORE. There is no such provision
in the pension law at the present time.
Mr. HOLMAN. I desire that the House
shall have a fair understanding of the pro-
vision of this bill which proposes to extend
the time for an application beyond five years.
I ask that the first section be again read.
lhe first section of the bill was again read.
Mr- HOLMAN, I ask to be heard a moment
on this point, for it is one of great concern to
pensioners. The effect of the last provision
of this first section is simply to complicate this
business, by requiring the proof to be sent by
the Commissioner of Pensions to the Adjutant
General of the Army or an officer of the Navy,
who is to make a correction of the records,
and report that correction back to the Com-
missioner of Pensions. I submit to the gen-
tleman that there is no necessity for that cir-
cumlocution. The proof should go directly to
tne Commissioner of Pensions, and he should
act upon it without reference to the War or
Navy Departments'.
I am very confident that my friend from Illi-
nois, [Mr. Moore,] while seeking to do a very
just aud honorable act on the part of the Gov-
ernment toward these soldiers, is making a
great mistake in requiring this indirect mode
of accomplishing this object. I think the time
for furnishing proof should be extended at
least two years. I could mention many cases
of monstrous injustice by this arbitrary rule
of five years. And its extension for simply
two years, without going to the War or Navy
Departments, would do an act of absolute
justice, which Congress should not hesitate a
moment to perform.
I ask the gentleman to consentto an amend-
ment to strike out so much of this first section
as provides for the reference of this additional
testimony to the Navy or War Department, and
allow the Commissioner of Pensions to act
upon it directly.
Mr. MOORE. My friend from Indiana
[Mr. Homan] does not exactly understand
the force of that provision. I will state to the
House that the law at present is that unless a
satisfactory case is made, where it depends
upon the records of the War Department or
Navy Department for evidence, at the end of
five years the application falls. And if the
next day the War Department changes the
record, and says that the soldier was not a de-
serter, or that he actually died of disease con-
tracted in the service, the Secretary of the
Interior has decided that that change of record
in the War Department does not revive the case.
The reason why this bill provides that the
additional proof should be sent to the War
Department, if the soldier stands upon the
record as a deserter or as having died of
delirium tremens, for instance, is that that
record must first be changed; and the Depart-
ment cannot change that record except upon
the proof that may be transmitted to the
Department, by the parties; and the provision
is made that this proof may be transmitted
through the Commissioner of Pensions, and
it it is sufficient, the War Department will
remove that disgraceful record, and will in-
form the Pension Bureau of the fact. The
case is then reopened, and it may stand re-
opened forever just as in the case where a
claim has been filed after the right to a pen-
sion has accrued the case never dies, but the
pension, when granted, dates from the filing of
the last proof. So in all other cases the par-
ties may go on filing proof as long as they
live or until a pension be granted. But in
this class of cases, as the law now stands,
where the record has been entangled ®t the
War Department and is a disgraceful record,
that record may be wiped out and the soldier
obtain an honorable muster or discharge, yet
it does not revive the case. The pith of the
present provision is simply to give parties an
opportunity after their record has been made
good at the War Department to revive or reopen
the case at any time in the Pension Bureau.
Mr. HOLMAN. The gentleman is clearly
right if his construction of the section is cor-
rect ; but is not the gentleman mistaken ?
Mr. MOORE. Not at all.
Mr. HOLMAN. Does not the present law
absolutely limit the reception of proofs to the
period of five years ?
Mr. MOORE. No, sir: not at all.
Mr. HOLMAN. In no case?
Mr. MOORE, In no case except where a
man is claimed to have died of disease not
contracted in the service, and where there is a
record of desertion or that he has died of
some loathsome disease not contracted in the
line of duty. Such a case dies in five years.
But all other cases may live just as long as
the parties continue to file up proof; and when
there is sufficient proof for the granting of a
pension, the pension dates from the filing of
the last, proof.
Mr. HOLMAN. Let me put an ordinary
case, occurring every day under the eye of
almost every one. Suppose there is an appli-
cation from a woman for a pension on account
or the death ol her son in the service; and
she does not furnish proof of the death of her
son in the service prior to the expiration of
five years, but is prepared to furnish that rec-
ord afterward. Does the gentleman say that
under the provision of the amendment or under
the provision of the present law, unless the
record shows the fact of the son's death in the
service, the proof can be furnished after five
years?
Mr. MOORE. It cannot; it will depend
upon the Army record.
Mr. HOLMAN. What I object to is the
necessity of this circumlocution—lhe necessity
of having the record in a vast number of such
cases made up twice ; for it only imposes ad-
ditional trouble and expense upon the unfor-
tunate claimant.
Mr. MOORE. In such a ease the record
would have to go from the applicant to the
Secretary of War, and then from the Secretary
of War to the Commissioner of Pensions, who
simply as the agent of the applicant lays the
proof before the Secretary of War, recom-
mending that the record be changed. In no
way can we help the soldier so much in his appli-
cation for a pension as by authorizing him to
make all his proofs before the Commissioner
of Pensions, who can lay before the War De-
partment the proof that the soldier's record is
wrong; then the Secretary of War can have
the record changed and can certify thatchange
to the Commissioner of Pensions.
Mr. HOLMAN. The whole object is ac-
complished by simply extending the time to
seven years instead of five.
Mr. MOORE. This is not extending the
time, but giving the privilege of reopening
cases that are barred by existing law.
Mr. HOLMAN. If you extend the time
to seven years, you reopen every case to that
extent.
Mr. MOORE. This does not extend any-
body's time.
Mr. SPEER. The gentleman from Indiana
misapprehends the purport of this bill. The
bill is right so far as it goes. It is a step in
the right direction, but it does not cover the
objection of the gentleman from Indiana. The
object he seeks to accomplish is right, and I
agree with him in it.
Mr. HOLMAN. Why not then make pro-
vision in this bill?
Mr. SPEER. It should be done by a sepa-
rate bill.
Mr. HOLMAN. Why not in this bill ?
Mr. SPEER. It is not the purpose of this
bill to reach the objection of the gentleman's
suggestion. _ Under the law as it now stands,
all applications for pensions, which depend on
any record evidence to be furnished by the
War Department, fail unless that evidence is
furnished within five years from the filing of the
application. That is the present law, and the
first section of this bill is simply a restate-
ment of the existing law ; but the proviso to
this bill goes a step further and that step is
taken for the benefit of the applicant. In
other words it extends the time in which his
application may be successfully made It
provides simply this, that although the five
years may have expired, yet the applicant
furnishing the proof which was not furnished
yJ 1 Yau partmentt0 the Pension Bureau,
and that bureau transmitting it to the War
department, and on the strength of it the
War Department correcting its record and
returning the proof with the corrected record
to the pension office, the pension shall be
granted. It would be an anomaly if the pen-
sion department should grant a pension when
the record evidence m the War Department
would show the claim ought never to have
been allowed. AH evidence in the Depart-
ments must be consistent one with the other '
■It this evidence were not sent by the pen-
sion department to the War Department we
would have a pension granted bv the pen-
sion department when the evidence "in the War
havPeabeengranteWd! P~ ^ not to
