1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1651
large expensive iron ones. Your committee
did not think for this year we had better do
that. I hope a vote will be taken on the
amendment.
The amendment was not agreed to.
IMPKACHMBNT.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I rise
to a privileged report. I am instructed by
the Committee on the Judiciary to report back
a resolution referred to that committee in
reference to the Credit Mobilier testimony,
and I ask to have the report read.
Mr. CONGER. I understand we are now
acting under a suspension of the rules, and I
should like to know whether the gentleman's
proposition is of higher privilege?
The SPEAKER. The river and harbor
appropriation bill can only be susperseded by
questions of privilege and by conference re-
ports. This is a question of privilege, and
the Clerk will therefore read the report.
Mr. MAYNARD. I suggest the report be
received and printed in the Globe, so we may
see it in print before we are called upon to act
upon it.
The SPEAKER. It requires unanimous
consent to dispense with the reading of the
report.
Mr. CONGER. I desire to reserve the
right to raise the question of consideration
after the report has been read.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has that
right.
Mr. BUTLERr of Massachusetts. I submit
from the Committee on the Judiciary, a re-
port on tbe Credit Mobilier testimony which I
ask to be read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Xbe Committee on the Judiciary, to which wag
referred tbe resolution of tbe House passed Febru-
ary 20, 1873, in the words following :
" Iletolved, That the testimony taken by the com-
mittee of this House, of which Mr. Poland, of Ver-
mes t, is chairman, be referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary with instructions to inquire whether
anything in such testimony warrants articles of im-
peachment ot any officer of the United States not a
member of this House, or makes it proper that fur-
ther investigation should be ordered in his case,"
haying fully considered the matter, pray leave to
submit tbe following report:
It is apparent that this resolution brings before
the House subjects of the gravest moment, involv-
ing most important considerations of fact and law
thereto applicable. There can be no more delicate
and sometimes painful duty devolved upon the
House of Representatives, and no higher preroga-
tive is given to it by the Constitution, than its power
to be exercised an the grand inquest of all the nation
by presenting articles of impeachment against civil
officers of the Government. 'The very fact that one
is accascd who has so far possessed the confidence
of his fellow-citizens or tbe Executive as to have
had the interest of the Government confided to his
charge as a civil officer of the United States, brings
always before the House derelictions of duty which,
if found, involves consequences to the individual as
well as to the country of the most serious character.
Wherefore your committee have entered upon this
subject with the intent to give it the fullest deliber-
ation possible to us in the waning hours of the ses-
sion, and tor that purpose they have deliberated
upon it in special sessions.
The resolution, it will be observed, refers to your
committee " the testimony taken by the committee
of this House, of which Mr. Poland is chairman,
with instructions to inquire whether anything in
such testimony warrants articles of impeachment of
any officer of the United States not a memberof this
House, or makes it proper that further investigation
should be ordered in his case."
The question lirst presented is the oonduct of what
civil offioers of tbe United States is brought into
question by this testimony ?
Your committee take leave to observe that a
member of the House of Representatives is not an
officer of the United States to whom the constitu-
tional remedy of impeachment applies. This was
long ago decided in Blount's case by the Senate of
the United States, where an attempt was mado to
impeach him because of an alleged offense. Your
committee tind but two civil officers of the class
iiable to impeachment whose acts are called in ques-
tion by tbe testimony submitted to us; one the Vice
President of the United States, the other Mr.
Bbooks, late Government) director of the Union
Pacific railroad, who was an officer provided for by
law and appointed by the Piesidont. The first is
still in office, the second has long since oeased to be
such officer.
The case of Mr. Brooks, by the terms of the reso-
lution, does not seem to be before us, as he is now a
member of the House. If there were any doubt
upon that subject, your committee would resolve it
by asking instruction of the House upon that point.
but the fact that the oonduet of Mr. Brooks in this
regard was, at the the time of the passage of the
resolution and now is, before the House upon a re-
port of another oommittee recommending his expul-
sion from the House because of the transactions set
forth in the evidenoe referred to us would seem to
furnish a conclusive reason for the exception made
in his case and determine all doubts upon the mat-
ter. Wherefore your oommittee have given no
further consideration to the evidenoe in that behalf.
For tbe purpose of applying the precedents and
principles of law which regulate the presentation
and trials of impeachment, your committee have
found it convenient in the ease of the Vice Presi-
dent to assume without expressing any opinion upon
the facts to be found therein that the evidence proves
all that can be possibly claimed to be inferred from
it, because of his being a holder, directly or indi-
reotly, and reoeiving the profits thereof of the stook
of a corporation known as the Credit Mobilier of
Amerioa while a member of Congress.
(living, therefore, as in case of a demurrer to evi-
dence, every possible intendment against Mr. Col-
fax, it would seem that it might be claimed from
the evidenoe that in the winter of 1867-68, he became
the owner by purchase at par, and interest on that
value of certain stook in the Credit Mobilier Com-
pany from Games Ames, when that stock was known
to both to be worth very much more than par, and
that he received the profits or dividends, while
Ambs held tbe stock, and still holds the Same in
trust for him, although the beneiioial interest in
the stock, if not the legal title remains in Mr. Col-
fax down to to-day. That during the sessions of
Congress of 1867-4S8 and 1868-69, while holding such
interest in the stock, Mr. Colfax, as a member of
the House of Representatives, and its Speaker pre-
sided over its deliberations. During which sessions
certain matters of legislation in which his personal
interests as such stockholder were involved, was
attempted to be advantageously or injuriously
affected by legislative action.
The Credit Mobilier of America and its connection
with the Union Pacific railroad, and the conjoint
interest of the stockholders of both have bcoome so
far matters of publio notoriety that your committee
do not deem it necessary to go into any recital of its
history in order to an understanding of their report.
It may, however, be convenient to have on record,
if this report should ever be drawn into precedent,
that the Credit Mobilier was a State corporation,
organized by the principle stockholders of the Union
Pacific road to receive from themselvesthe contract
of building that road, which had obtained by legisla-
tive grant large endowments of lands and bonds of
the United States to be held in trust only for the
construction and equipment of the road, large
amounts of which, to a considerable number of mil-
lions of dollars, tbe stockholders of the Pacific road,
through the intervention of the Credit Mobilier and
other devices had divided among themselves and
contederates as pretended profits of building the
road, while, in fact, they took to their own individual
profit and use these very large sums belonging to the
Government of tbe United States, and intrusted to
them for a speoitio use only, in violation of that
trust.
Drawing suoh inferenoe as a jury might from the
evidence if unexplained, it may he claimed that the
stock was sold to Mr. Colfax to influence him as a
member and Speaker of the House, and thftt, it did
so influence his action in favor of the Union Paoilio
road, and incidentally in his own favor as a stock
and bondholder in both companies.
Your committee lay aside for the purposes of this
report anything which might be presented by the
accused by way of mitigation of the facts, or which
might extenuate in any degree the supposed guilt
of the transaction, because we have desired, in
examining the question submitted to us, to assume
the facts as clearly and broadly against the accused
as any inferenoe from the evidence could possibly
justify.
Assuming, then, for this purpose the facts above
stated to be proven several questions of law meet
your committee upon the threshold of the inquiry
with which they are charged " whether anything in
such testimony warrants articles of impeachment
against" Mr. Colfax as a civil officer.
Is is not in dispute that Mr. Colfax became inter-
ested in the Credit Mobilier stook before he was
elected Vice President and whatever were the
motives that impelled the transaction they were
expected to operate upon him otily as a member of
tbe House.
Upon the question whether a bribe given a civil
officer to influence his conduct as such officer is an
impeachable offense your committee can have no
doubt as it is made such by the express words of tbe
Constitution. But we are to consider, taking the
harshest construction of the evidence, whether the
receipt of a bribe by a person who afterward be-
comes a civil officer of the United States, even while
holding another official position, is an act upon
which an impeachment can bo grounded to subject
him to removal from an office which he afterward
holds.
To eluoidate this we first turn to the precedents.
Your committee find that in all the cases of im-
peachment or attempted impeachment under our
Constitution there is no instance where the accusa-
tion was not in regard to an act done or omitted to
be done while the officer was in office. In every
caseit has beon heretofore considered material that
the articles of impeachment should allege in sub-
stance that, being such officer, and while in the
exercise of the duties of his office, the accused com-
mitted the acts of alleged inculpation.
In the earliest case ot impeachment by the House,
that of Judge Pickering, of New Hampshire, the
accusation was not even for official acts or miscon-
duot, but he was held impeachable by both House
and Senate because of bis habits of intoxication
while in office. But the gravamen of conlpltrint in
that case was that those habits and their effect
went with him and affected him in the performance
of his official duties,
The case of Judge Chase, which brought out in the
prosecution and defense all the'legallearning and
ability of the most brilliant bar of our country, was
founded wholly upon alleged acts of malfeasance and
misfeasance while actually sitting as a judge.
The oase of Judge Peck was foran alleged improper
order upon the the bench to imprison Mr. Lawles
for contempt of court.
In the more recent case of the judge of the eastern
district of Tennessee the accusation was that he
abandoned his duties and took part in the rebellion
while he was judge, and that official act alone was
imputed to him as the offense.
In the still more recent case of a late President of
the United States the acts were all imputed to him
as suoh officer of the United States, and the com-
mittee who prepared the articles of impeachment
were careful to allege eaoh act charged upon him
as being done in the exercise of his office.
Your committee have looked with some care to
the precedents of impeachment under State consti-
tutions, which are generally framed npon the model
of the Constitution of the United Statos in this
regard, and they are not aware of any case wherein
art act has been held to be impeachable, or impoach-
ment even attempted because of it, unless that act
so alleged to have been done was in the course of
official duty in the office held by the accused, to
remove him from which the constitutional remedy
was proposed to be applied.
The very recent oases of Judges Barnard and Mc-
Cunn, of New York, may be claimed to be an excep-
tion to this statement in some of the specifications
under the articles presented; and if so, they are the
only cases of even limited exception thereto, and
of the legal value of that action, taken under the
state of high political excitcment in which those
cases were conducted, as precedents, the House will
judge. To your committee they would seem to serve
as warnings, not as guides.
Going back to the Parliament of England, from
whose system of parliamentary and common law
we have drawn all the principles which have here-
tofore governed tho House and Senate in matters
of impeachment, we find no case since the rights of
the subject and principles of law and justice have
been established wherein a like rule is not followed.
Your committee are not unmindful that, under
the claim of omnipotent power by the Parliament of
England to make laws without any substantial neg-
ative on the part of the executive, in times of high
party feeling, the power of impeachment residing
in the Commons has been used as a punitive power
as well as a remedial one, and, in some instances,
has been extended to offenses alleged to have beon
committed while the officer was holding another
office. But your committee would also call atten-
tion to the fact that in some cases impeachment was
used as a method of punishing a subject who held
no office at all.
In short, when the Commons of England held the
power as against the Executive, they punished the
king's favoritAs by impeachment. While the Stu-
arts held the power as against the Commons, they
punished the favorites of the people by tbe Star
Chamber. Our Constitution, in the judgment of the
committee, has furnished a safeguard against both
of these sources of oppression. Both were well-
known and considered by our fathers in framing tho
Constitution. Turning to the debates, meager us
they are, it will appear that apprehe nBion was felt
that impeachment might be used against the citizen
as a punitive power, and. therefore, words strictly
guarding the extent to which the judgment might
operate find place in that charter, enacting that
the punishment of crime should be left to the ordin-
ary tribunals of justice.
Finding so nearly an invariable current of prece-
dent and authority, your committee next turned
to see in how far the rule drawn fromprecedent
accords with the plain and immutable principles of
law and justice, and also in bow far this rule seems
to bo necessary to shield the officer from what might
happen again, asithashappenedbefore,parliament-
ary oppression under the pressure of high party and
other excitement, as well as to protect the rights of
the constituency as to an elective office from being
deprived of tho services of their officer by his removal
by impeachment, because of alleged crimes or mis-
demeanors committed by such officer before the peo-
ple had chosen him to serve them, and which tho
electors well might have held not to have been a
disqualification of the officer, if such charges had
been made against him before the election._
Your committee, therefore, are led to mqmrewhat
is the nature and what the objects of impeachment
under our Constitution? . .
Arothey punitive or remedial? Or mother words,
is impeachment a constitutional remedy for remov-
ing obnoxious persons from office, and preventing
their again filling office, or a power given for pun-
ishing an officer while he is an officerforsomecrimo
alleged to have beon committed by him before ho
was such officer? Your committee are very strongly
inclined to the opinion that impeachment was in-
tended by tne framers of the Constitution to be
wholly remedial, and not punitive except as an in-
cident to the judgment, because we find that the
Constitution limits the judgment in impeachment
by strongly restrictive words:
"Judgment in cases of impeachment shall not
