1652
TEE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 24,
extend further than to remove from office and dis-
qualification to hold and enjoy any office of honor,
trust, pr profit under the United States."
If such judgment is a punishment for an alleged
high crime "and misdemeanor, then why does the
same article provide for the punishment of the ac-
cused a second time for the same offense? Because
the words we bave quoted are followed by the pro-
vision—
"But the party convicted shall, nevertheless, be
subject to indictment, trial, judgment, and punish-
ment according to law."
This, therefore, would leave the party who had
been removed from office and disqualified from
holding office by the judgment of impeachment, if
that is a punishment lor his crime, to be the second
timo punished far the same offense, which is con-
trary to natural justice against Magna Charta, and
is most positively forbidden by the ,fifth article of
amendment to the Constitution.
This article also throws some further light on thia
subject, because in its nervous language it enacts
that—
"No person shall be held to answer for a capital
or other infamous crime, unless upon presentment
or iudictmentof a grand jury, except in cases arising
in the land or naval forces, or iu the militia when in
actual service in time of war or public danger."
Nor does it appear that this view is affected by the
exception in section two, article three of the Con-
stitution, that the trial of all crimes except in cases
of impeachment shall be by jury: this exception
being necessary only to make the instrument con-
sistent in all its parts with itself, as it had already
provided that the impeached could be tried by jury
lor his crime.
Again, we find impeachment to be remedial in
this, that it only provides as a further consequence
disqualification for office, by which the evil is cured
that thereafter the Government may not have an
officer who has so iar forgotten his obligations
to his official oath and to his duty as a citizen as to
have been removed Irom office for high crimes and
misdemeanors again by vote of the electors or ap-
pointment of the Executive put iu place of honor
or trust.
We are also inclined to believe that procoedings
of impeachment were intended to be remedial and
not punitive, becausc we have already seeu that
if punitive at all an entirely inadequate punishment
has been provided by the judgment; because the
very highest offenses are triable by impeachment,
such as treason and bribery, and the sentence may
be only removal froqa an officer whose term extends
for a few days only, as in the case under consider-
ation.
Again we are brought to the conclusion that pro-
ceedings of impeachment are remedial and not
punitive, because in the case of Judge Pickering,
before referred to, impeached for habitual intoxica-
tion, the officer was condemned because he became
incapacitated fort-he performance of the duties of
his office, and we find that impeachment is the only
weaus known to our Constitution by which a civil
officer of the United States elected by the people or
ia judge appointed by the Executive may be removed
from office. And certainly habitual intoxication,
while it may not be a crime at common law or by
statute iu a private persou, may readily enough seem
to be a very high crime and misdemeanor in a high
civil officer, wholly incapacitating him from per-
forming all his duties, so much so as to be made by
the articles of war a ground lor removing an officer
from the military service.
Again, your committee are inclined to believe that
impeachment is not punitive, because, although an
officer may have been tried and convicted of a high
crime, yet he may bo impeached for that very crime
as a remedy for public mischief, and thus, in the
converse of the proposition above stated, be twice
punished for the same offenoe.
If the conclusions to which your oommittee havo
arrived in this regard aro correct, it will readily
be seen that the remedial proceeding of impeach-
ment should only be applied to high crimes aud mis-
demeanors committed while in office, and which
alone effect the officer in discharge of his duties as
such, whatever may have been their effect upon him
as a man, for impeachment touches the office only,
and qualifications for the office, and not the man
himself.
It will be seen from a few illustrations that it
hardly could have been the intendment of the Con-
stitution that an officcr could bo impoached for a
crime committed by hiin before his entry into the
office from which he is "to be removed, because, if
this were so, there is no constitutional, and thus far
no regal limitation as to the time during which he
may be held so amenable to such impeachment.
One may have committed a high misdemeanor in
his early youth, repented it, outlived it, or may
have been pardoned, and, in the language of the
law " made as white as snow," and yet, without lim-
itation, years afterward may be impeached for that
crime and deprived of an office by him afterward
held which he has filled to the entire satisfaction of all
good men. Indeed, impeachment may in this way
e used as a means of removing from the possibility
of election a popular candidate whom the people
desire to elect to the highest office within their gift
if an opposed House of Representatives chose to
impeach for a high misdemeanor of many years
standing and present that to the Senate, who, upon
finding the fact, are bound to give judgment, or if
not bound might be willing to give judgmentof dis-
qualification lrom office forever, from the effect of
which judgment no power under the Constitution
could relieve, for cases of impeachment are ex-
pressly excepted, and uo law could avai 1, nor even the
unanimous election of the whole people could give
absolution.
Your committee are not unmindful that the report
of the learned committee of the House, made upon
the testimony which has been referred to our con-
sideration, have in the course of its reasonings,
likened the cause for which a member may be ex-
pelled to the cause for which an impeachment would
lie, and argue that "the close analogy between this
power and the power of impeachment is deserving
of consideration upon the question whether the
House may expel a member for acts done by him
before his election/' If this analogy is as perfect
as that committee evidently supposed it to be, from
the stress of argument whieh they impose upon it,
then it becomes our duty carefully to examine the
precedents in case of expulsion to ascertain the
nature of that constitutional power vested in both
Houses of Congress and the class of offenses upon
which it may operate, and what, if any, distinction
there may be between the consequences following
a judgment in impeachment and a vote of expulsion.
That committee thereupon assert: "It has never
been contended that the power to impeach for any
cause enumerated," i. e., treason, bribery, or other
high crimes, " was intended to be restricted to those
whieh might occur after appointment to civil
office."
Your committee havo been unable from their
investigation to find warrant for this assertion. W e
have already shown that all the precedents under
the Constitution show impeachment to have been
for acta done in the very office from which .the
accused was sought to be removed. Woare unaware
that there is any case to the contrary in the later
decisions in England, or in any States of the Union,
and we grieve tnat the committee for whom we have
so high a respect have not seen fit to give authority
to the House for this so grave and important a
proposition of constitutional law.
Knowing the accurate learning and exhaustive
research of that committee and the long time which
they have had this matter undor consideration, the
Committee of the Judiciary feel quite sure that if
any «uch case in precedent could have been found it
would have been stated in support of a proposition
of such moment. In the more limited knowledgo
of your committee, and in the little time we have
been able to give to this investigation, we have been
unable to find any authority or precedents for so
broad an assertion of unquestioned power. And
your committee take leave to suppose that the im-
mense labors of the Committee on Credit Mobilier,
in their investigation alone, must have permitted
them to the enunciation ot a proposition lor whioh
it would seem to be difficult to find eithor precedents
or authority.
And we are emboldened in our opinion upon this
point because we do not fail to observe that the
learned cominittoe in the analogy which they draw
between impeachment and expulsion have not ad-
verted to, but have overlooked in their exposition
of the subject, the very wide distinction of the effect
of proceedings by impeachment and the effect of
expulsion of a member for whatever cause.
That constitutional distinction is this: that im-
peachment may disqualify the impeached from ever
after holding office, while expulsion never has been
held, except under a statuto of England long since
fallen into disuse, by which alone the case of Wilkes
was for a-tiine attempted to be justified in a limited
degree to have such effect. The expelled member
may be and has been, frequently, reelected after ex-
pulsion. The impeached officer never can beeleoted
or appointed to office after impeachment and a full
judgment upon the finding of fact.
Considering, therefore, that the committee have
overlooked so important a difference, we aro per-
mitted to believo that they may not have carefully
observed other differences between expulsion and
impeachment which will show the analogy which
they have drawn in their argument may aid our own
conclusions. Your committee feel that this anal-
ogy, whatevor it may be*strengthens our argument
that an officer may not be impeached for an actdone
before his election to office, because, before we heard
the report of the learned Committee on Credit Mo-
bilier, we had not been led to doubt that no man
could or ought to be oxpelled for any act done by
him before his election as a member of Congress.
Our first reason for not doubting- on this point
which we desire to recall to the House and thocoun-
try is the plain words of the Constitution, which
seem to us clearly to indicate that the power of ex-
pulsion is a protective, not a punitive provision of
the Constitution. It is found in section five of the
first aticle:
" Each House may determine the rules of its pro-
ceedings, punish its members for disorderly beha-
vior. and with the concurrence of two thirds expel
a member."
Expel for what? For disorderly behavior, i. e.
for that behavior which renders him unfit to do his
duties as a member of the House, or that present
condition of mind or body which makes it unsafe or
improper for the House to have him in it. We sub-
mit with some confidence that the House might
expel an insane man, because it might not be safe or
convenient for the House to have him within the
legislative Hall. They can also clearly expel a man
for disorderly proceedings in the body or for such
acts outside of the body as to render it at the time
manifestly improper for him to be in the House.
But your committee are constrained to believe that
tho power of expelling a member for some alleged
crime, committed, it may be, years before his elec-
tion, is not within the constitutional prerogative of
the House.
We do not overlook the argument presented by
the learned committee upon whose report we are
observing by the phrase:
" Every consideration of justice and sound policy
would seem to require that the public interests be
secured and thotse chosen to be their guardians be
free from pollution of high crimes, no matter at
what time that pollution had attached."
But the answer seems to us an obvious one that
the Constitution has given to the House of Repre-
sentatives no constitutional powerover such consid-
erations of "justice and sound poliey " as a qualifi-
cation in representation. On the contrary, the Con-
stitution has given this power to another and higher
tribunal, to wit, the constituency of the member.
Every intendment of ourform of government would
seem to point to that. This is a Government of the
people which assumes that they are the best judges
of the social, intellectual, lind moral qualifications
of their Representatives whom they are to choose,
not anybody else to choose for them, and we there-
fore find in the people's Constitution and frame of
government they havfe in the very first article and
second section determined that V the House of Rep-
resentatives shall be composed of members chosen
every second year by the people of the States," not
by representatives chosen lor them at the will and
caprice of members of Congress from other States
according to the notions of ' the necessities of self-
preservation and self-purification ".'which might
suggest themselves to the reason or caprice of tho
members from otherStatesin any process of " purga-
tion or purification" which two thirds of the mem-
bers of cither House may "deem necos-sary " to
prevent bringing " the body into contempt and dis-
grace." j
Your committee are further emboldened to take
this view of this very important constitutional ques-
tion because they find that in the same section it is
provided what shall be the qualifications of a Rep-
resentative of the people so chosen by the people
themselves. On this it is solemnly enacted, un-
changed during the life of the nation, that—
" No person shall be a, Representative who shall
not havo attained tho age of twenty-five years, and
been seven years a citizen of the United States, audi
who shall not when elected be an inhabitant of that
State in which he shall be chosen."
Your committee believe that there is no manor
body of men who can add to'or take away "one jot
or tittle" of these qualifications. The enumeration
of such specified qualifications necessarily excludes
every other. It is respectfully submitted that it is
nowhere provided that the House of Representatives
shall consist of such members as are left after tho
process of " purgation and purification " shall have
been exeroised for the public safety, such as may be
" deemed necessary" by any majority of the House.
The power itself seems to us too dangerous, the
claim of power too exaggerated, to be confided in
any body of men, and therefore most wisely retained
in the people themselves by the express words of
the Constitution.
One need not have a lively imagination to divine
how that power of " purgation and purification "
can be used asatwo-thirdsmajorityshall "deem the
public safety requires," so as to absorb all other
powers or branches of the Government, and it may
be the rights and powers of the people themselves.
For,example, the election of Presidentof the United
States in certain contingencies, which have more
than once arisen in our history, is to be exercised by
the House of Representatives voting by States, and
in one of those very instances—in the case of the
contest between Jefferson and Burr—asingle Repre-
sentative in a single State determined that contest.
How easy to change that vote, and the election of
the President of the whole people, by the use of this
processof "purgation and purification" -under the
plea of the "public safety," which has been the
foundation of the throne ot every tyrant, and the
justification of every usurper and dictator.
We can foresee also this possible, nay, probable
danger, from the " purgation " by a majority of the
House of the Representatives from Nebraska,
Nevada, Kansas, Oregon, Florida, and Delaware, on
the ground that has been sometimes stated here by
Representatives from the larger States, that they
a-re " rotteu boroughs," too small to be made States,
and thus the vote of six States out of the thirty-
seven would be thrown out in a presidential elec-
tion by States; and this claim that those States are
too small to be States would furnish a ready excuse,
when such an excuse is desired to accomplish a
political end, to say nothing of the use of this power
to expel^a single member from one #or more of the
balanced States where one majority in the delega-
tion would turn the election of President and Vice
President under the claim of "purgation and purifi-
cation " lor public safety.
And the learned committee seem to us to have
been equally unfortunate in finding precedents for
this claim of power of expulsion of a member for
acts done before his election and as a member of the
House.
The committee have cited but two precedents in
that behalf, one the case of John Smith, a member
of the Senate from the State of Ohio, from which
case they quote only the somewhat rhetorical report
of Mr. Adams, in part in these words :
" The power of expellingamember for misconduct
results, on the principles of common sense, from tho
interests of the nation, that the* high trust of legisla-
tion shall be invested iu pure hands."
The case of Smith, however, was an allegation that
while a Senator, during the very term at which he
was held to answer, he had been complicated in the
alleged treason of Aaron Burr. It is difficult to seo
how that can be cited as authority as to acrime com-
mitted before the accused was a member. That case
