692
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 18,
Joseph R. Hawley, Hay, JHibbard, Holman, Kelley,
Kerr, Killinger, King, Lewis, Maclntyre, Manson,
Marshall, MeCormick, McCrary, McGrew, Mc-
Junkin, McKinney, MeNcely, Mernain, Merrick,
Monroe, Morgan, Nibiacfe:, Orr, Packard, Hosea W.
Parker, Peck, Porter, Randall, Read, Edward Y.
Rice, Ellis H. Roberts, William R. Roberts, Robin-
son, Slater, EE. Boardtnan Smith, John A. Smith,
Speer, Stevens, Stevenson, Storm, Terry. Tyner,
Upson, Van Trump, Walden, Willard, Williams
of Indiana, and Young—70.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Acker. Banks, Barber,
Barry, Bigby, Biggs, Boarman, Braxton, Bright,
Brooks, Benjamin F. Butler, Caldwell, Campbell,
Carroll, Clarke, Cobb, Coburn, Coghlan, Comingo,
Creely, Darrall, Be Large, Dickey, Dunnell, Ely,
Forker, Henry D. Foster, Wilder D. Foster, Gar-
field, Goodrich, Haldeman, Halsey, Hambleton,
Hancock, Hanks, Harmer, John T.Harris, Havens,
John W. Ilazelton, Hereford, Ilerndon, Hill, Hoar,
Kinsella, Lowe, Lynch, McKee, Morphis, Leonard
Myers, Packer, Isaac C. Parker, Piatt, Potter, Price,
Prindle, Ritchie.Sion H.Rogers, Roosevelt,Seeley,
Shanks, Shellabarger, Worthington C. Smith,
Snyder, Sprague, Swann, Sypher, Taffe, Thomas,
Dwight Townsend, Voorhees, Wallace, Walls,
Wells, Jeremiah M. Wilson, Joan T; Wilson, Win-
chester, and Wood—77.
So the bill was
During the roll call,
Mr. SPRAGUE said : I am paired upon this
question with the gentleman from Kensas, Mr.
Lowe; if he were present he would vote "ay,"
and I should vote u no."
Mr. COBURN said: I am paired upon this
question with the gentleman from Minnesota,
Mr. Dunnell ) if he were present he would
vote " ay," and I should vote u no."
The result of the vote was announced as
above recorded.
Mr. HAWLEY, of Illinois, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed ;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CLAIM OF Mil LAMAR.
Mr. SMITH, of New York. During the
debate on the legislative, executive, and judi-
cial appropriation bill I deemed it my duty to
present to the committee a letter, with au ac-
companying paper, with reference to the claim
of Mr. Lamar, of Savannah. The gentleman
from Georgia [Mr. MaoJntyke] has received
aletter from Mr. Lamar which, I think, in
justice to Mr. Lamar, should appear with the
other publications. I accordingly take pleas-
ure in asking that it may be printed in the
Congressional Globe.
There was no objection ; and the letter was
ordered to be printed in the Globe. It is as
follows:
Washington, January 18,1873.
Hon. A. T. MacIntyre, M. C.i
Mr. A. G. Browne, of Boston, is parading a private
confidential letter, addiest"od ia the fall of 1865 to
my children, not to be oponod until after my doath,
which ho obtained by an outrage upon my rights,
and the seal of which ho violated, and published
tho lotfcor in tho Rochostor Democrat, returning the
letter sealed up as though it had not beon opened,
and, like a "confidence-man" as he is, endeavoring
to hoist himself into respectability by referring to
Chief Justice Chase and other honorable gentle-
men.
Ho played the same game upon me, in January,
1865, when he referred to Governor Andrew, and on
the pledge of his honor induced me to leave my
books and papers, as well as those of the Bank of
Commerce, in the bank, which he was to occupy as
an office under a military order. With honorablo
men those books would have beon sacred without a
Sledge, but with him they wore lost oven with it.
[e inspected them ail, and as they showed the pur-
chase of about thirteen thousand bales of cotton,
with the marks and numbers and where it was,
being a Treasury agent, with the power of the
Army, he resolved to make his fortune by plunder-
ing me.
I had taken President Lincoln's amnesty oath,
granting a full pardon, with restoration of all prop-
erty, except slaves, to all persons implicated in the
rebellion, and when he refused to give up my books
I exhibited tho certificate to him, which he met by
a gross insult in words.
I believed then, and do still believe, thatthehonor
and good'faith ot the United States were pledged,
both by Congress and by President Lincoln, to restore
all my property except slaves, and to place mo under
the protection of the Constitution and lawj< precisely
the same as any citizon of any Stato in the Union;
and the {Supremo Court hnsrepeatedly affirmed that
by its decrees in other cases.
But in disregard to that solemn assurance, the
Army took upward of forty-five hundred bales of luy
cotton irom Savannah within two weeks of tho ac-
ceptance of the amnesty oath. After all the cotton
had been shipped from Savannah, and after they
had restored all my real estate to me, they arrested
and transported me eight hundred miles, not for
trial, as under George III, but, without any charge
then or since, for imprisonment, Afterthreemonths
I was released on parole not to leave the city of Sa-
vannah, which was to prevent my interposition to
prevent their seizure of upward of three thousand
bal es of cotton in various places in Georgia, Florida,
and Alabama.
When I had taken the oath I wrote two letters
recalling my two sons from the confederate service,
which Major General Geary indorsed with promises
of his protection to them and sent beyond the lines;
and I ordered the sale of a 'large new steamer, then
at Bermuda, as I could engage no longer in running
the blockade.
On my return from prison in August,1865, Ilearned
that my elder son, on receipt of my letter of recall,
had expressed decided dissatisfaction at my aban-
doning the cause of the confederacy. It was after
the plundering of my cotton, and tho imprisonment
of my person, that 1 wrote the confidential family
letter addressed to my children, 4t not to be opened
until after my death," which was purloined by this
Mr. Browne, the seal violated, the letter taken out
and copied by him, and is the letter which he has
sent to Hon. XI. B. Smith, and which ho, not awaro
of the dishonorable means by which Mr. Browne
obtained it, has had republished. I know very well
that Mr. Browne and others have created a mount-
ain and prejudice against mo, and it is my present
object to vindicate myself and remove that preju-
dice. A careful perusal of that letter will show
that it was to vindicate myself to my family for the
course I had pursued. There is not a reflection
against the Constitution and the Union which I hud
sworn and expressed my intention to support. I do
not deny that I had no respect for the then Admin-
istration, but let it be borne in mind that my oath
was not to support any administration, but the Con-
stitution of the Union, and I challenge the man born
and bred a'freeman who would have written after
such treatment as I had received, and a great deal
more not necessary to detail, with less asperity of
that Administration.
A few days alter my roturn from prison, Mr.
Browne, though discharged from office by Treasury
circular of 27th of June, went with an order from
General Brannan to Thomasville, to receive all cot-
ton "except such as you are satisfied belongs to
loyal citizens of the United States, who have taken
the oath of allegiance." Mr. Browne was aware
that this order did not apply to any of my cotton,
for he knew I had taken President Lincoln's oath
seven months before, yet he took three hundred
and fifty bales I had in Mr. Hardaway's store. As
soon as I could, after being informed of the fact, I
got leave and went to see Mr. McCulloch about it.
Ho assured me I was mistaken, for all his agents
were restricted to receive only the cotton bought by
the confederate States—a fact confirmed by his cir-
cular of the 27th of June; but at the moment Mr.
Hardaway's letter was brought, saying Mr. Brown©
had taken three hundred and fifty bales of my cot-
ton, and refused to pay the storage—-which removed
his doubts—a telegram ordered him to replace the
cotton and report to him.
I then askod a letter that would protect my cotton;
but he assured me it was not necessary, as none of
them was authorized to receive private cotton, and
tho same circular confirms tho fact.
With these repeated assurances, 1 returned, went
to Augusta, presented my bills of purchase, and got
a military permit from Major General Steadman,
commanding the State, to ship eight hundred and
twenty bales of my private cotton. Taking my
nephew, with ropo and bagging, I proceeded to
Thomasville. The order was rojected by Colonel
William K. Kimball because General Brannan had
not indorsed it. Eleven days were lost in conse-
quence.
At that time Major Hastings, noxt incommacd, in-
formed me of three lots of cotton (two of the freight
express company's and one of mine) that had been
guarded by his soldiers, and as I had appealed he
should take off the guard and the cotton would be
stolon. My nephew was sent to put them in ship-
ping order and to send them to Judge Dillon's ware-
house at JDoctortown, which was in the same military
district, whore it would be safe. He did so, after
paying $100 to the soldiers to continue the guard till
it was sent off, as it was, by rail, under military per-
mits, stating marks and numbers, whence taken, and
whither to be delivered.
About the 27th of October, Mr. Beard arrived with
a new circular from Mr. McCulloch of the 27th of
September, 1865, addressed to A. G. Browne, and to
my amazement instructing him " to seizo all the
large lots of the I. and E. Company's cotton, but not
to search, plantations nor take scattered parcels;"
to seize it as cotton which 4'was meant to aid the
rebellion, and therefore belonging to the United
States, keeping in all cases the record by regulation
four concerning captured and abandoned property."
By act of Congress all property used to subvert the
Government was to be libeled to give the owners
opportunity to disprove the allegation. That did
not suit Mr. McCulloch's views. He chose to seize
this cotton as meant for the purpose; but he knew
that no court would condemn cotton which had been
bought two years beto're, and remained just as and
where it was purchased, as being used to subvert the
Government. Therefore he would cause its seizure
under one class of eases and deal with it as of
another clasp, which would place it not in acourt to
be libeled,- but under his own official control.
And he instructed Mr. Browne not to make any
contracts with individuals for the transportation
of the cotton. The elder Browne was sick, and ho
devolved his duties upon his son, who in his native
simplicity took all the cotton, large or small lots on
plantations and elsewhere, and hauled it by teams
of, the United States to Thomasville. The elder
Browne was well enough to contract with his friend,
Mr. Beard, for the transportation, not to New York,
but to Savannah, (one hundred and fifty miles by
rail, and the rest by steamers at about eighty dollars
per bale,) and had integrity also to retain a secret
interest in that contract. But unfortunately for
this cunning device to swindle the owners of the
cotton, Mr. Beard had a partner in Massachusetts
who sued for his half of the profits, and in thatgood
old Commonwealth obtained a verdict ior $6,000 for
his half, and in the course of the trial it leaked out
that Mr. Browne, sr., had an interest in the contract
as well as in some Swedish iron and lead he had sold
to Mr. Beard after six hours4 notice.
Mr. Browne, jr., arrived in Thomasville on tho
2d November, 1865, to aid Mr. Beard. His first let-
ters to Mr. McCulloch and to General Brannan
demanded the imprisonment of myself and nephew,
because I had invoked the superior court of the
State to prevent their removal of the cotton, or to
compel them to give security for the value of it,
which Mr. Beard spurned with disdain, and because
my nephew was noting all they did according to my
instructions. But they proceeded sending off the
cotton of the I. and E. Company of the State of North
Carolina and of the State of Georgia, and then my
nephew was arrested and sent to Savannah, and all
his books and papers seized; then General Brannan,
who had been exposed for robbing my son's widow
and children, had me arrested also, and all my new
books and papers were seized, (the co.ihdential let-
ter to my children among them.) Having treed him-
self from the presence of my nephew he proceeded
to seize all my private cotton, for which I had a
second order for shipment from General Steadman.
My nephew andlwereinconfinementandno charge
made when they had secured all my private cotton.
Mr. Browne, sr., and his brother ahd Browne, jr.,
and Mr. Beard, with Colonel Kimball, appeared in
Savannah to fabricate charges against us, which
were a conspiracy to steal cotton belonging to the
United States and to bribe a United States officer.
The first charge was founded solely upon putting
in order and removal to Doctortown of one hun-
dred and two bales oi cotton under a military per-
mit.
The second was founded on the copy of a letter
found in my letter-book addressed to A. G. Browne,
sr., the original of which I destroyed and wrote on
the copy "not sent," as I did in all such cases. Tho
words "not sent" were obliterated as far as could
be, but when held to the light traces of them were
doscribable; and, moreover, Mr. Browne testified that
he had received no such letter from me. It is evi-
dent that when the arrests were made they had no
charges at all, for Mr. Browne, jr., who drew up the
charges, had been aware of the removal of the cot-
ton since the 2d November, on his arrival at Doc-
tortown, and my nephew had told him about it
weeks before, and of course it was after our arrest
that they got, my letter-book.
But wo were tried by that engine of despotism, a
military commission, instituted to convict, and of
course we were convicted. A Ku Klux or Lynch
law court would be less outrageous, for they only
violate the laws; but the military commission try-
ing a citizen, not of the Army or Navy, violates the
Constitution, the fundamental law of the land.
Tho word bribe is hard to define exactly, but if
receiving a considerable douceur and releasing a
large property he had no just cause to seize, may
be called bribery, then I was informed by a bank
president that he had such a transaction with Mr
Beard, let it be called what it may.
I know that whatever exposure I may make of
Mr. Browne's conduct can only remove his slanders
ot myself, which he and others have created in the
public mind. As to his absurd charge of fraud in
my cotton claims, he knows as well as I do that no
liimsy evidence^ can convince the committee or
the Court of Claims and obtain a fraudulent verdiet
from either of them. And if I had not irrefutable
and indubitable evidence of disinterested witnesses
in support of my claims, I should not be wasting my
time and money here in the vain hope of success by
iraucL  , _
G. B. LAMAR.
ATLANTIC AND GREAT WESTERN CANAL.
Mr. CONGER, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented a memorial and argument in behalf of
the Atlantic and Great Western canal; which
was referred to the Committee on Commerce,
and' ordered to be printed.
VIENNA EXPOSITION.
Mr. L. MYERS. On behalf of the Commit-
tee on Foreign Affairs, I ask unanimous con-
sent to have taken from the Speaker's table
the amendments.of the Senate to the ioint res-
olution (H. R No. 170) to enable the people
oi the United btates to participate in the ad-
vantages of the international e'xpositiou to be
held at Vienna in 18/3, that the amendments
be not concurred in, and that a committee of
conterence be asked.
