1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1653
was not before the Senate. It is observable that Xhe
learned committee forget to cito the resolution of
expulsion which concludes Mr. Adams's report, and
shows the fact id the following words;
"That John Smith, a Senator from the State of
Ohio, by participation in this conspiracy of Aaron
Burr against the peace, union, and liberties of the
people of the United States, has been guilty of con-
duct incompatible with his duty and station a
Senator of the United States, and that he be, and
therefore is, expelled from the Senate of the United
States."
And further, during the discussion no Senator
claimed that Mr. Smith could hare been expelled
for any act done by him before his election. But,
on the contrary, Mr. Hilihouse, the able Senator
from Connecticut, characterizes the report of Mr.
Adams as " one containing principles which I can
never sanction by my vote;" "principles which
would plant a dagger in the bosom of civil liberty."
We also take leave to suggest that the learned
committee might have given in their report a little
more prominence to the case of Humphrey Marshall,
of Kentucky, which they ouly casually mention,
wherein tho same Senate refused to take cognizance
of the charge of perjury as aground of expulsion
because the imnuted offense had been committed
before the election of the Senator.
In their only other citation your committee are
happy to find that they draw their inspiration from
the same source with the learned committee on
Credit Mobiiier, which cites the case of John Wilkes
as establishing the doctrine that the House of Com-
mons of England, by thecommon lex parliamentaria,
may expel a member for acts committed before he
was a member of that House. Your committee had
come to an entirely different conclusion upon this
case. They had supposed if anything was settled in
the case of John Wilkes, it was that such act of ex-
pulsion was contrary to the ** liberties of tne Com-
mons of England."
It certainly cannot be held an authority for the
proposition that a member may be expelled for acts
done before he wag a member of the body, because
the several acts of Jonn Wilkes for which he was
expelled Were done after his election to that same
session of parliament to which he was elected and
reelected. But a fortiori, because Wilkes was sus-
tained by every lover of principles of freedom, and
the acts of the House of Commons in his case have
always been cited as an instance for the tyranny of
parliamentary bodies.
Your committee had believed until they read this
report that since the vote of the House of Commons
under the lead of the Liberals of England, had
blotted out the offensive record by ordering it to be
expunged frem the journal "as subversive of the
riglita of the whole body of electors of this king-
dom of the proceedings of a body^ed by the same
ministry who made war upon American rights and
liberties, conducted the aggressions which produced
the American Revolution, the conduct of suoh a
ministry would never find a defender, much less in
u committee of freemen to cite it as a precedent for
the action of a constitutional representative body
of a free people.
Your committee believed, and still do believe,
and therefore aver, that the case of Wilkes was the
cause oi the limitations upon, the qualifications of
members put in our Constitution, and the guarded
power of expulsion therein given to both Houses.
The case of Wilkes was as familiar to our revo-
lutionary fatherswhen they framedourGovernuient
as is Credit Mobiiier to us. They had seen and felt
the effects of parliamentary oppression, and they
guarded themselves sedulously from it in their
Constitution of government.
Nor areyourcommittee shaken in their opinion by
the reasoning of that report that the difference ol
Wilkes's case to distinguish it from the case they
bad under advisement is, that Wilkes's was only a
case of a political offense, to wit, libel, and there-
fore not mohun in se / because we are brought to
contemplate when that distinction is raised what
might be the condition of some members of the
present House of Representatives in the opinion of
other members of this House,_ and probably some
one of that learned committee itself.
It will be conceded that there is no higher crime
than treason known to a government of laws. It
has always been visited by the direst punishment,
and in the country from which we received the body
of our laws the traitor was not allowed to be buried.
Dismembered and disemboweled he saw his entrails
burned before his eyes while yet living, and his head
was put upon a pike in its decay, grinning terror to
like evil-doers, and his blood was held attainted to
the latest generation, so that no pure drop could
descend to his posterity. Yet in the present House
of Representatives there are men of whom some of
the other members may be of opinion that they com-
mitted treason against our Government some ten or
twelve years since, and might claim that one cause
of tho election of some of them was that their con-
stituencies knew that they had committed such trea-
son, sympathized with them in it, and chose them
as their representatives because of that sympathy;
and we of the llouse of Representatives would be
on our part obliged to admit that iu order that they
might be our associates we removed constitutional
disabilities to permit them to sit with us by virtue of
th}H election. Therefore for this reason your com-
mittee might find itself compelled to disbont^iroin
ihis piopus-itiou stated in that report, that "if i<
imdlv k to bt  supposed that any constituency
with a lull knowledge of a man's guilt or moral tur-
pitude will elect him/; Thai depends upon the defin-
ition which tho constituency gives to tbe act done
as to its guiltj quality.
We must remember that this power of expulsion
Has been most frequen t!y used for political purposes
x? so "ea!n- Not many years ago the
House pt Representatives witnessed a motion for
expulsion of the "old man eloquent,"once aPres~
ident of the United States, as " tainted with crime/'
because he presented a petition for the abolition of
slavery. Nay more, a movement for expulsion,
changed to vote of censure, passed by 125 to 60,
against Josbua R. Giddings, of Ohio, asa " tainted
man, unfit for association with hisfellow-members,
because he presented aseries of resolutions, declar-
ing that some African negroes, who having endured
the horrors of the middle passage in a slave ship,
had the natural and inherentright to rise upon their
captors and oppressors at sea, and regain their lib-
erty taken from them by fraud and force.
No life can be so blameless; no services so exalted;
no action so just, as always to guard a man against
the blasts of passion and prejudice which sometimes
sweep over a deliberative assembly.
What then becomes of the doctrine put forward in
that report, that the right to this process of " pur-
gation and purification" must be maintained to pre-
vent those tainted by crime from sitting with us?
Or. as expressed in that report, " that it seems to us
absurd to say an election has given a man political
absolution for an offeuse which was unknown to his
constituents."
The offense of which we have spoken was known
not only to the constituents but to the House, but
an election has followed notwithstanding.
But the learned committee further declares as a
reason why no fixed rule of law should be adopted
by the House in cases of expulsion, as follows:
" That no rule, however narrow or limited, can pre-
vent 4 the exercise of this power of purgation and
purification'4 if two thirds of the House shall see fit
to expel a man because they do not like his religion
or political principles, or without any reason at all.
They have no power, and there is no remedy except
by appeal to the people/ "
The minds of your committee very much reluct at
such a doctrine. We deny the power, that is the
Jegal power—while we admit the brute force—we
deny the right, and there can be no legal power
where there is no legal right.
It is for us now to make the precedent that shall
restrain bad men in bad times from an exercise of an
assumed wrongful power. The only safety either for
the constituency or the Representative must be
found in a steady line of precedents guiding the
action of the House in the matter of expulsion
founded on principles of justice and legal rights
carefully restrained within the limits of constitu-
tional Taw. Nay, who shall vote as a precedent for
any exercise of this claimed power of " purification
and purgation?" May not tho next House of Repre-
sentatives composed in two thirds of its members of
Republicans of the most pronounced type, under
a precedent established by the report of the learned
committee, if sanctioned by the House, come back
at the next session and undertake the work of" pur-
gation and purification" from this House of men
whom they uiay believe committed treasonable acta
ten years ago? And they will find no legal impedi-
ment; for pardon or removal of disabilities does not
extend to cases of impeachment by express consti-
tutional exception, and the learned committee insist
that the causes justifying impeachment and expul-
sion are inseparable.
Who, then, will dare assert that for offenses com-
mitted ten years ago, yea, five years or one year
before the election of a member, the House has
power to expel at its caprice under a constitutional
provision which declares " the House may punish its
members for disorderly behavior, and with the con-
currence of two thirds expel a member"?
The case of Matteson, cited by the learned com-
mittee, it seems to your committee, is peculiarly
uufortunate to sustain the postulate. But Matte-
son's case is in so many respects like that under con-
sideration that it deserves more than the passing
notice that the report gives it.
Matteson had been efigaged in a case of bribery
and had been reelected; tho charge had been made
during the reelection and had been denied and in
the last days of the short session before he was to
take his seat in the next House a resolution of ex-
pulsion was brought against him for the crime of
being engaged in bribery while amember of, and for
slandering the then present House. Before a vote
was taken upon the resolution he sent in his resig-
nation, so that the resolution of expulsion was laid
upon the table, while the other two resolutions find-
ing him guilty of the crime were passed.
At thesession of the next Congress another resolu-
tion of expulsion was introduced for the same cause
and in the same words, but was antagonized because
the act was done while Matteson was a member of a
former Congress, and after the fullest discussion
was laid on tho table by the decisive vote of 9d ayes
to 09 nays in a House where there were such parlia-
mentarianaT'as Campbell, Covode, Winter Davis,
Dawes, Fabnswobth, Giddings, Urow, Harlan, Ohn,
Piko, Seward. Johst Sherman, W ade,. Walbridge,
and Washburne voting in the affirmative in a case
where the guiity act was proved and admitted. So
that we dissent from the conclusion of the, learned
committee, that the case of Matteson furnishes no
precedent because, as "the whole subject was ended,
being laid on the table," it is impossible 10 say what
was decidcd by the House.
Wo find ourselves therefore, from the entire lacis
of precedent and upon the reason of the ease, com-
polled to differ in the fullest manner from the doc-
trine of that report, in regard to " purification and
purgation;" and because, among other reasons,
your committee cannot well seo how the fact of tho
knowledge of the constituency that their represent-
ative has heretofore committed a crime, can pre-
vent his presence "bringing odium and reproach
upon the body of which he is a member*" which
would attach to it because of the same crimes, if his
constituents did not know them at the time of his
election. It seems to us the impure man would
need " purification ami pnrgation in equal degree,
irrespective of the knowledge of his constituents.
Our opinion upon the whole matter, therefore, is
that the right of representation is the right of the
constituency and not that of the Representative;
and so long as he does nothing which is disorderly
or renders him unfit to be in the House while a
member thereof, that except for the safety of the
House or the members thereof, or for its own pro-
tection,, the House has no right or legal constitu-
tional jurisdiction or power to expel. We see no
constitutional warrant for his expulsion upon any
other ground, and especially not upon tbe ground
of purgation and purification, as set forth in the
report of the learned committee, against which your
committee must earnestly and respectfully protest.
Your committee do not feel themselves called
upon to discuss in this connection the legal conse-
quences following from thedootrine of continuation
of the offense in a man once receiving a bribe, be-
cause if it may be laid with a continmndo at all the
offense mast continue to affect him ever after, and,
therefore, having once taken a bribe, he is always
deemed to be under the effect of it, for tbe reason
that we are inclined to believe that at some time the
effect of the bribe might have spent its force, and it
would hardly be a safe rule forlegalaction to under-
take to determine whether that would not happen
in five years and might happen in ten. Certainly
snch considerations would not apply to one who
had given a bribe, because the virtue thereof all
went out of him when be parted with his money,
and there was nothing left continuing in him save
the loss of it.
For the reasons so hastily stated, and many more
which might be adduced, your committee conclude
that both the impeaching power bestowed upon the
two Houses by the Constitution and the power of
expulsion are remedial onty and not punitiveso as to
extend to all crimes at all times, and are not to be
used in any constitutional sense or right for tbe pur-
pose of punishing any man for a crime committed
before he becomes a member of the House or in ease
of a civil officer as just cause of impeachment; but
we agree to the analogy stated by. the learned Com-
mittee on Credit Mobiiier is in so far perfect. Both
are alike remedial, neither punitive.
We have thererore come to the opinion that so far
as receiving and holding an interest in tho Credit
Mobiiier stock is concerned there is nothing in the
testimony submitted to us which would warrant
impeachment in the case of the Vice President.
In view of all the circumstances, your committee
do not deem that we are now required to make any
farther inquiry under the resolution referred to us,
and therefore report back the same and ask to be
discharged from the further consideration thereof,
and that the same do lie upon the table.
JNO. A. BINGHAM.
B. F. BUTLER.
CHAS. A. KLDREDGE.
J. W.PETKRS.
L. D. SHOEMAKER.
I). W. VOORHEES.
I dissent from the report, but I concur in tbe
recommendation to discharge the committee for
want of time to make further investigation, and
for the reason expressed in views submitted here-
with. _
CLARKSON N. POTTER.
February 24,1873.
I concur in the conclusions of the foregoiog re-
port so far as the same has reference to the question
of impeachment. I do not feel called upon by the
resolution submitted by theHouse to this committee
to express any opinion in regard to the power oftko
House to expel for acts committed before election,
and express no opinion in
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, rose.
Mr. POTTER. I desire to submit a report
from a minority of the committee.
Mr. COX. I rise to inquire would it be
too late after this report is read to make a
motion to recommit the majority report to the
Committee on the Judiciary?
The SPE&KER. It would not he too late
provided the House did not second the demand
for the previous question on its adoption.
Mr. CONGEE. I still reserve my right to
raise the question of consideration.
The SPEAKER. That is reserved.^ The
report presenting tbe views of the minority
will now be read.
The Clerk read as. follows ;
I dissent from much of the committee's report,
although I am constrained to consent to the recom-
mendation that at this stage of the session they be
discharged from the subjoct, but that is for the fol-
lowing reasons: , ,
Tne resolution of the House expressly^ excluded
all memoers of the House from the action of tho
committee. In effect, therefore, it is a direction to
the committee to inquire whether,, upon the testi-
