094
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 18,
MORNING HOCR.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. I insist, on the
regular order of business.
The SPEAKER. The morning hoar begins
at twenty minutes to two o'clock, and this
being private bill day, committees will be
called for reports of a private nature. The
call rests with the'Committee of Claims.
KDMCND JUSSEN.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan, from the Com-
mittee of Claims, reported back a bill (H. ti.
No. 34-13) for the relief of Edmund Jussen,
with the recommendation that it do pass.
The bill, which was read, provides that pend-
ing the settlement of the revenue, disbursing,
and other accounts ot' Edmund Jussen, late
collector of internal revenue first district of
Illinois, at Chicago, which have become com-
plicated by the great fire at Chicago, the
accounting officers of the Treasury are author-
ized and directed to allow Edmund Jussen the
sum of $6,742 08 due him on his compensa-
tion account; and the Secretary of the Treas-
ury is authorized and directed to pay, out of
•any money iu the Treasury not otherwise ap-
propriated, the sum of $6,742 08 to Edmund
Jussen, his heirs or attorney.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed ;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
DESTRUCTION OF SALT WORKS.
Mr. BLAIR, from the Committee of Claims,
also reported back a bill (S. No. 101) for the
relief of those suffering from the destruction
of the salt works near Manchester, Kentucky,
pursuant to the orders of Major General Car-
los Buell, with the recommendation that it
do pass.
The preamble recites that on the 16th of
February,1803, the Adjutant General, by order
of the Secretary of War, made the following
order:
" Ordered. That William P. Thomasson, esq., of
Louisville, Kentucky, bo, and ho is hereby, author-
ized to investigate and report to this Department
the valuo of the Goose creek salt mills, destroyod
by the order of Mnjor General liuoll, in Kentucky ;
that he give notice to tho proprietors or thoir agents
of the time and place at which he will reccivo testi-
mony ; and that be tako such further testimony on
the part of tho Government as may bo necessary to
protect tho rights and interests of the Government,
as well upon tho point of valuo as of tho loyalty of
the proprietors to the Government of the United
States
that the commissioner, on the 13th of May
following, submitted his report to the Secre-
tory of War, in which he estimated the injuries
done to the sevgral salt wells, their pumps and
pipes, the deterioration to the furnaces and
fixtures, and the value of the salt and salt
barrels destroyed, and in which, also, he esti
mated and allowed such sums as would have
been realized from the production of salt, but
for such destruction, for the period of eight
months succeeding the date of destruction;
that he classified in his schedule his allow-
ances, as follows: Case No. 1: The United
States to T. T. Garrard, debtor, for injury to
well, pump, pipe, &c., $500; for one hundred
and twenty-four salt barrels, at forty cents each,
$49 60; for sixty-three hundred bushels of salt
destroyed, at fiity cents per bushel, $3,150; for
deterioration of furnace and fixtures by non
usage, $500; for ninety-two hundred bushels
salt, the anticipated yield for eight months, at
fifty cents, $9,600; makiugatotalof$13,799 60.
Case No. 2: The United States to James W.
Reid, debtor, for injury to well, pump, pipe,
&c., $500; for five thousand bushels salt de-
stroyed, $2,500; for deterioration of furnaces
and fixtures, $500; for cloven thousand two
hundred bushels salt, the anticipated yield for
eight months, $5,600; making atotalof$9,100.
Case No. 3: The United States to White,
Horton & Garrard, debtor, for injury to well,
pump, pipe. &c., $500; for two thousand
bushels of salt destroyed, $1,000; for deterior-
ation of furnace and fixtures by non-usage,
$550; for sixteen thousand bushels salt, the
anticipated yield for eight months, $8,000,
making a total of $10,050. Case No. 4: The
United States to Gilson & Chastam, debtor,
for injury to well, pump, pipe, &c., $500; for
eight thousand bushels salt destroyed, $4,000;
for deterioration by non-usage of furnace and
fixtures, $500; for ninety-six hundred bushels
salt, the anticipated yield for eight months,
$4,800, making a total of $9,800. Case No.
5: The United States to I. &. I). White, debtor,
for injury to wells, pumps, pipes, &c., $1,000;
for injury to water-pipe, furnace, &e., $1,000:
for nine thousand bushels salt destroyed, at
fifty cents per bushel, $4,500; for deterioration
by non-usage to furnace and fixtures, $550; for
twenty thousand bushels salt, the anticipated
yield for eight, months, $10,000, making a total
of $17,050. Case No. 6: The United States
to 1. & D. White, survivors, for injury to well,
pump, and pipe, $500. That this report, under
a call of the House of Representatives at the
first session of the Thirty-Eighth Congress,
was furnished by the Secretary of War and
printed as Executive Document No. 29; that
the report has never been acted upon, and the
parties, in favor of whom the allowances were
made, were in some cases proprietors and in
others lessees, and changes by death, assign-
ment, or otherwise may have occurred during
the time which has elapsed since the report
was made, and it is desirable that the parties
entitled to the sums hereinafter named on
account of these injuries and losses should be
paid. The bill therefore proposes to direct the
Secretary of the Treasury to pay to the own-
ers of these salt wells, their lessees, assigns,
or heirs, as the case may be, and accordingly
as they shall show to him title to receive the
same, the sums found due by the commis-
sioner iu each case respectively, except the
item for the anticipated yield of salt; that is
to say, in case No. 1, he shall pay the sum of
$4,199 60; in case No. 2, the sum of $3,500;
in case No. 8, the sum of $2,050 ; in case No.
4, the sum of $5,000 ; in case No. 5, the sum
of $7,050; in ca8e No. 6, the sum of $500;
which several sums shall be, when paid to the
several parties entitled to the same, in full
satisfaction for all injuries inflicted and dam-
ages done to the salt-works, their fixtures,
and appurtenances, and for all losses sus-
tained by reason of the destruction of the salt
accumulated, and for all consequential losses
of every kind sustained by the proprietors,
their lessees, and those operating the works,
in consequence of the execution of the order
of General Buell.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. This bill was
passed by the Senate on the 8th of April, and
was referred to the Committee of Claims of
this House during the last session of Congress.
The report is one of considerable length and
I think there will be no necessity to read it.
The principle upon which this bill proceeds
is very easily understood. I will state briefly
to the House, as the question is one of some
consequence, precisely what it is that the Sen-
ate bill undertakes to do. The report of the
Senate committee says:
"Near Manchester, in Clay county, in the State
of Kentucky, upon Goose creek and its tributary
wators, were several Halt wells, with the necessary
fixtures for pumping, conducting, and boiling the
water, and storing the manufactured salt. The
country round about was mountainous, and the peo-
ple, with few exceptions, loyal. Because of their
loyalty they had been plundered by the rebel army
of their property and crops, and reduoed to a desti-
tute condition. Salt in large quantities was manu-
factured hero, and the confederate forces in the
South and Southwest supplied their wants from
these works.. Several thousand bushels of salt had
accumulated in the fall of 1862. The confederates
had carried away between thirty-five hundred and
four thousand bushels previously, and on the 21st
of October. 1862, General Buell had reason to believe
that the rebel authorities purposed to capture and
appiopriato tho large supply then on hand. On
that day he issued his order from his headquarters
at Crab Orchard, to Major General Thomas, second
in command, directing thatcerfain divisions bo sent
forward promptly to destroy the salt works about
Manchester. This order was carried out by Briga-
dier General Craft, commanding twenty-second
brigade, fourth division, who mad© his report on tho
25fch of October. From this and the reports of Col-
onels Enyart, Hanson, and Spencer, the iollowing
facts appear."
Then follows a statement of what was done
by these officers, the value of the property
destroyed, and the prospective profits which
might have been obtained by working the salt
works. It will be observed, Mr. Speaker,
that, as regards this destruction of property,
there was no occasion for it in a military point
of view merely. There was no war being
waged at that point. Everything was quiet
enough. But the rebel forces were in the
habit of supplying themselves with salt from
these works, and General Buell thought it
best they should be destroyed, and delib-
erately sent an expedition that did destroy
the works entirely. The whole value of the
property, leaving out all prospective profits,
amounts to a little over $22,000, and was
owned by several firms and parties, who are
referred to very specifically iu the bill.
Now, if there is any case in which Congress
will pay for property taken for public use, it
seems to ua that this is such a case. And, in
fact, to the committee it appears to be a much
stronger case than the cases which have passed
both Houses of Congress heretofore, of vftich
there have been several.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. If the gentle-
man will allow himself to be interrupted, I
desire to ask him a question.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. I yield to the
gentleman for that purpose.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I desire to ask
the gentleman whether the property here taken
was destroyed, or was appropriated to the uses
of the Government?
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. It was utterly
destroyed.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Was it de-
stroyed for the purpose, in the language of the
report, of preventing its falling into the hands
of the rebels and becoming to them a source
of supply ?
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. Undoubtedly it
was.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Then I do not
see how it can be looked upon as having been
appropriated to the uses of the Government.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. The position of
the matter is this : the rebel army was not in
the neighborhood at the time. There was no
immediate danger that the property would
fall into_ their possession; it might never fall
into their possession. It was competent for
General Buell to have sent troops enough
there to guard and protect it. In fact, I think
he had previously sent some troops there for
that purpose. But he thought it would be
better for the Government, cheaper and more
economical, that he should send and destroy
all the salt works than that he should use his
forces in defending the works, and for that
reason he had the property destroyed. His
purpose was to take the best way to prevent
the property falling into the hands of the rebel
forces. No doubt it will be remembered that
in the last session of Congress two bills, which
have created some stir in the country, had
passed. This subject was very fully gone into,
and the committee insisted that the House
had adopted the rule by a very large majority,
that m such case it was proper to pay; and it
18 largely upon that idea that we now report
this bill. This case is certainly much more
favorable to the claimant than the Missouri
case, which we passed ; and it is quite as
much so as the Kentucky case, which we
passed; and there seems no reason at all, if
u-n ®0I?se follow this policy, why this
bill of the Senate should not be adopted and
we have reported it with that view. That is
the whole of the case.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Can the gen-
