1656
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 24,
by the gentleman from New York [Mr. Cox]
that the Committee on the Judiciary ought not
to have discussed 'the question of expulsion.
As the Credit Mobilier Committee put in their
report these words, "the office of the power
of expulsion is so much the same as that of
the power of impeachment that we think it may
be safely assumed that whatever would be good
f cause of impeachment would also be a good
cause of expulsion;" therefore, in order to
discuss the question of impeachment, we were
bound to discuss the corelative constitutional
power of expulsion.
Mr. COX. That is rather too thin. The
report of the Credit Mobilier Committee was
not referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. We had
a right to take any public document, to discuss
the views of anybody, and to answer any argu-
ments made anywhere.
Mr. BANKS. I desire to know whether,
if the motion to lay the resolution on the table
shall be agreed to, it will carry the report with
it; and if that be the case, whether in voting
to table the resolution the House is committed
in any sense whatever to the doctrines of this
report.
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not an-
swer questions of that kind. The Chair holds
that the laying of the resolution on the table
and discharging the committee ends the sub-
ject. What the effect of that may be it is not
ior the Chair to decide.
Mr. BANKS. It would be a most unworthy
act to commit the members of this House to
the atrocious doctrines of this report, brought
in out of place, without reference to the mat-
ter referred to the committee, without per-
mitting any one to say a word upon it. [Ap-
plause on the floorij Give us the right to
discuss this question on a motion to recommit
and withdraw your motion to lay on the table
before you answer.
Mr. KING. Yes ; that is the right way.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Perhaps
I will do it after I answer.
Mr. BANKS. If the gentleman will with-
draw his motion, I am sure the House will
hear him to any extent.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I am
looking to the condition of the public business.
I would like to discuss this report. The Credit
Mobilier Committee have nothing to complain
of. They had the first word. 1 would like to
discuss this matter for a week, and I am pre-
pared to do it as long as grass grows and
water runs; but the state of the public busi-
ness wiii not admit of that. The Committee
011 the Judiciary have come to the conclusion
that under the circumstances it is not expe-
dient to recommend an impeachment. We
have given to the House the reasons why we
came to that conclusion, and we have done so,
and that is all. I do uot know that any mem-
ber will be bound by the report, but 1 do mean
to say that while we all agree as to the report,
with one exception, we do it for different rea-
sons, we do not want to bind any inan, as no
member of the committee is bound to the
exact reasoning of the report. If the House
agrees with the conclusion of the committee,
that is the only thing to be settled by this vote.
Ail the House does with the report is to order
it to be printed, and it will stand or fall on its
own merits alone.
Mr. BANKS. You statein your report that
you want to treat this question as an historical
question?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Yes, sir.
Mr. BANKS. And if the report be accepted
without opportunity for discussion or legitimate
consideration the matter contained in it, by its
own terms, commits every member of the
House who does not vote against the'motion to
lay on the table to its doctrine.
The House has a right to complain that this
committee has discussed questions which in no
possible way were referred to it. They have
taken an opportunity, upon the highest ques-
tion of privilege, to impose upon the House an
irrelevant and unjust consideration of a ques-
tion not at all covered by the resolution re-
ferred to them.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I desire
to say, nor was the question of impeachment
referred to the Poland committee. But that
committee discussed that question at great
length, and nobody got into a furor about it.
The House heard all they had to say; their
report availed what it would; it was worth
what it would bring, and nobody made the
slightest objection to it.
Mr. MORGAN. I rise to a parliamentary
inquiry.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will hear the
gentleman.
Mr. MORGAN. Is it in order to move to
amend the motion of the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [ Mr. Butler] so as to make a motion
to refer this report to the Credit Mobilier Invest-
igating Committee? If so, I desire to sub-
mit that motion.
The SPEAKER. That motion could not
be entertained during the pendency of the
motion to lay on the table.
Mr. AMBLER. I again appeal to the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Bxjtler,]
agreeing as I do with him in the considera-
tions he has addressed to the House in regard
to the pressure of business on the House and
the neccesity for not taking much time for
discussion. I again appeal to the gentleman
and call his attention to the fact that it will
take no more time to vote upon this question
to-morrow or next day than to do so now. I
therefore ask him, by consent of the House,
to indicate some particular hour to-morrow
when he will call for the vote, at which time
we will be able to vote intelligently.
The reasoning of this report is furnished to us
as an inducement to vote for the recommenda-
tion of the committee. I think myself that
probably that reasonitfg is good. But I do not
waut to commit myself either to that reason-
ing or to the recommendation of the commit-
tee upon the mere hearing of the report read
by the Clerk at his desk, without any oppor-
tunity to consider it. I appeal to the gentle-
man not to force upon the House a vote upon
the proposition recommended by the commit-
tee, without at least giving us some opportunity
to vote intelligently.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I do not
desire to force a vote upon the House.
Mr. BANKS. I object to further debate. I
call for the yeas and nays on the motion to lay
011 the table.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Allow
me one moment.
Mr. BANKS. I will not.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I was
about to ask that this question may be set
down for some certain time in the future, to
come up then upon precisely the same footing
that it now occupies.
Mr. BINGHAM. And have the reports
printed in the Globe.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Yes;
that they be printed in the Globe, and be post-
poned till Friday morning.
Mr. BANKS. I object to further debate,
and call for the yeas and nays on the pending
question.
Mr. BINGHAM. Name an earlier day.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. To-mor-
row is already set apart for the consideration
of a particular report. I therefore move that
the further consideration of this report be post-
poned until Wednesday morning, immediately
after the reading of the Journal.
Mr. COX. I want to submit a motion to
recommit.
Mr. BANKS. I call for a vote on the mo-
tion to recommit.
Mr. BUTLEIi, of Massachusetts. I desire
to give everybody time to read the report, and
therefore 1 have named Wednesday morning.
I he SPEAKER. The motion to postpone
to a day certain takes precedence of a motion
to refer or to recommit. \
Mr. AMBLER. I think this proposition, of
the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. But-
ler] is eertainly fair.
Mr. COX. The gentleman from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Butler] has withdrawn his motion
to lay on the table. Now I claim that I have
the right to make a motion to recommit with
instructions.
The SPEAKER. The motion indicated by
the gentleman from New York [Mr. Cox] is
subordinate to the motion now made by the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Butler.]
The motion to postpone to a day certain takes
precedence of the motion to recommit.
Mr. COX. I supposed the motion to re-
commit takes precedence.
The SPEAKER. It does not.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I move
to postpone the further consideration of this
subject until Wennesday next, immediately
after the reading of the Journal; and upon
that motion I call the previous question.
Mr. PETERS. Is the motion to postpone
debatable ?
The SPEAKER. To a"very limited extent.
Mr. COX. Is that motion amendable?
The SPEAKER. The Chair dislikes ex-
ceedingly to be continually referring to the
rules. Rule 42 is as follows:
" When a question is under debate, no motion shall
be received but tp adjourn, to lie on the table, for
the previous question, to postpone to a day certain,
to commit or amend, to postpone indefinitely; which
several motions shall have precedence in the order
in which they are arranged.''
The gentleman will perceive that the motion
to recommit is subordinate to the motion to
postpone to a day certain.
Mr. CONGER. I raise the question of con-
sideration.
The SPEAKER. The Chair declines to en-
tertain that question, it being raised too late.
Mr. CONGER. I gave notice of it from
the first.
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not enter-
tain that. It is too late. The gentieman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] withdraws the
motion to lay on the table, and moves that the
further consideration of this subject be post-
poned until next Wednesday morning, immedi-
ately after the reading of the Journal.
Mr. MORGAN. I move to amend the
motion so as to postpone the subject until the
1st day of Mareh, at ten o'clock.
' The SPEAKER. The Chair supposes that
the gentleman from Massachusetts desires to
test the sense of the House by the previous
question. Does he yield for an amendment?
- Mr. BUTLER, Massachusetts. No, sir.
Mr. COX. Is the question debatable ?
The SPEAKER. It will be, if the House
does not second the demand for the previous
question.
Mr. COX. I desire to say one word.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I insist
on the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, there
being—ayes 123, noes 55.
The main question was ordered; which was
upon the motion of Mr. Butler, of Massa-
chusetts, to postpone the subjeet till next
Wednesday morning, immediately after the
reading of the Journal.
Mr. BANKS. I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 134, nays 71, not vot-
ing 35 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ambler, Ames, Averill, Barber,
Barry, Beatty, Bell, Bigby, Bingham, James G.
Blair, Boles, Bright, Brooks, Buckley, Builinton,
Bunnell, Burchard, Burdett, Benjamin P. Butler,
Roderick R. Butler, Clarke, Cobb, Coburn, Coghlan,
Commgo, Conger, Cotton, Crocker, Donnan, Duell.
Bunnell, Eames, Bldredge, Elliott, Bsty. Farns-
worth, Finkelnburg, Charles Foster, Wilder D. Fos-
ter, Frye, Garrett, (Jo!laday, Harrner, Harper,
beorge E. Harris, Havens, John B. Hawley, Joseph
R. Hawley, Ha>, Hays, fterr'y \V. ILizelton, Hill,
Hooper, Houghton, Kellogg, Kendall, Ketcham,
Killmgir, Iiamison, Lamport, Lansing. Lowe, Man-
