1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
697
minont, great public danger was impending,
the public safety did demand the destruction,
and the Government was left no other alter-
native.'
It could not pursue a different course, while
in the case now under consideration no attack
was anticipated, no danger apprehended.
There was another course left open for the
Government to pursue, and which in all prob-
ability it would have pursued but for the fact
that it was attended with so much greater
expense than that adopted.
The cases of Best and Wallace more nearly
approach accidents of war, for which it is
claimed by some that no one ought to be held
responsible. This case more nearly approaches
a taking and conversion to the use of the
Government, which it voluntarily determined
upon when it had other means at hand, and
for which it is admitted by all that it ought to
be held responsible.
Another important difference between those
cases and this is that the amount claimed by
them and allowed by Congress was ascertained
by ex parte affidavits prepared in the absence
of any one to represent the Government, while
in this case a commissioner was appointed by
the Government, who went upon the ground,
and, after hearing all the facts, made report of
the damage done and the property destroyed.
This bill does not propose to give claimants
what they think they are entitled to and what
they have proven themselves entitled to. It
does not even give them anything like as
much as the commissioner acting for and in
behalf of the Government reported as the loss
for which they should receive compensation.
It seems to me, Mr. Speaker, in view of all
the circumstances connected with this case,
that there should now be no hesitation about
paying to these claimants the amount proposed
by this bill, which, a,s before remarked, is
nothing like sufficient to cover their real loss.
If this Government intends to deny com-
pensation to persons whose property it has
destroyed for its own benefit, and by which it
has saved immense expenditures from its own
money, when it had at its command other
means of accomplishing the same end, when
the destruction was demanded by no consid-
erations of public safety, but by mere consid-
erations of economy, then it may as well take
any man's property by force whenever its
officers think proper to do so in order to pre-
vent an expenditure of the public money, and
there is no use of talking about public faith or
protection to the property of its citizens.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Sir. BLAIR, of Michigan. I now demand
the previous question on the third reading of
the bill.
The previous question was seconded ; and
on ordering the main question, there were—
ayes 94, noes 33.
So the main question was ordered.
The bill was ordered to a third reading; and
it was accordingly read the third time.
The question recurred on the passage of the
bill.
Mr. AMBLER. On that question I call for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordored.
The question was taken : and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 110, nays 43, not
voting 88 : as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Atlnms, Arthur, Barmua, Erasmus
W. Koek, James B. Bi'ck, Austin Blair. James G.
likur, Boarmim. Bright, Buckley,lloiierii'klt. Butler,
Carroll, Cobb, Coburn. Untkm, Cox Crete, CnljUi'v,
Cropland. i)avis, lJodds, Dos, X>uBo?e. Bake, EUl-
redge, Elliott, Kly.Fnrasworth.Finketnbui*.Charles
Foster, Henry D. Foster, Frye, Qetz,Uidaings.ljuHn-
d y, Griffith, Hancock, Handles-, llauks. Uarper,
Georg,: K. Harris, Jlny. Hoys, llibbard, llill.liolman,
UoiiKhton, Kendall. Kerr, Kinu, bomison, Lessen,
Lewis, AJa«Intyr<\ M.iymtrd, MeCkil;ni<l,
MeCounieli, MeGrew, jMulleniT, M'^cely, Mur~
rick. H> n,iamin L'. Meyer!-', Muelii'll, Mnrey, Leon-
ard Meyers, NiMni'k, Palmar. Hutoa W. 1 artaer,
IssuieC. i'.irkcr, Perry. Iceland, 1'urter, Price. Kinn-
ey, lu-:id, i-jdw.ird V. tiiee. John M. llice, ^ lUisim
11. kober!>. UoliIiiHun, John R'ltrei.N,*von U. Racers,
Rusk, Sawyor, Sheldon, Sherwood, Shober, Sinter,
Slosa, II. Boardman Smith. John A. Smith, Snapp,
Starkweather,Stevens, Stowell, Sutherland, Swann,
Terry, Turner, Van Trump, Vausban. Voorhees.
Wakeman, Wallace, Warren, Wells, Wheeler,
Whiteley, Whitthornc.and Young—110.
NAYS—Messrs. Ambler, Ames, Barber, Beatty,
Bnfflnton, Bunnell, Burehard, Benjamin F. Butler,
Conger, Dawes, Donnan, Duell, Earned, Esty, Wilder
D. Foster, Garfield, Hale, John B. llawley, (Jerry W.
Jlazelton, Hooper, Ketcham, Lamport, MeJunkin,
Merriam, Monroe, Moore, Orr, Packard, Pendle-
ton, Peters, Prindle, Randall, Ellis H. Roberts,
Sargent, Shoemaker, Sprague, Stoughton, St. John,
Tyner, Upson, Walden, Willard, and Williams of
Indiana—43.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Aeker, Archer, Averill,
Banks, Barry, Beii, Bigby, Biggs, Bingham, Bird,
Boles, Braxton, Brooks,Burdett.Caldwell,Campbell,
Clarke, Coghlan, Comingo, Conner, Creely, Crocker,
Darrall, De Large,Dickey, Bunnell. Farweil, Forker,
Garrett, Goodrich. Haldeman, Halsey, Hambleton,
Hurmer, John T. Ilarris. Havens, Joseph It. Haw-
ley, John W, Hazelton, Hereford, Herndon, Hoar,
Kelley, Kellogrg, Kil linger. Kinsella, Lansing,
Lowe, Lynch, Marshall, McCrary, MeKee, Me-
Kinney, Morgan, Morphis, Negley, Packer, Peek,
Perce, Piatt, Potter, Ritchie, Roosevelt, Seofield,
Seeley, Sessions, Shanks, Sheilaharger, Slocum,
Worthington C. Smith, Snyder. Speer, Stevenson,
Storm, Syphor, Taffe, Thomas, Dwight Townsend,
Washington Townsend, Tnthill. Iwichell, Waddell,
Waldron, Walls, Williams of New York, Jeremiah
M. Wilson, John T. Wilson, Winchester, and
Wood—88.
So the bill was passed.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. WALLACE announced that his col-
league, Mr, De Large, was confined to his
room by sickness.
The result of the vote was then announced
as above recorded.,
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
order of business.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I rise to move
that the House proceed to the consideration
of business on the Speaker's table; and pend-
ing that motion, I move that the House resolve
itself into Committee of the Whole on the
special order.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. Has the morn-
ing hour expired?
The SPEAKERpro tempore, (Mr. Wheeler
in the chair. J Two minutes of it still remain.
east tennessee university.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan, from the Com-
mittee of Claims, reported back, with the
recommendation that it do pass, the bill (S.
No. 490) for the relief of the East Tennessee
University.
The question was on ordering the bill to be
read a third time.
The bill was read. It authorizes and directs
the Treasurer of the United States to pay to
the trustees of the Bast Tennessee University
the sum of $18,500, in full compensation for
all claims which could be made by the uni-
versity for all damages caused to its buddings
at Knoxville, Tennessee; provided that before
the sum shall be paid a release in full of all
claims against the Government for all dam-
ages that might or could be claimed by the
East Tennessee University on account of the
buildings shall be executed iu due form by the
proper officers of the university, and deposited
with the Treasurer, along with the receipt for
the money appropriated.
The bill was ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
cowan and dickinson.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan, aiso; from the
same committee, reported back, with the rec-
ommendation that it do pass, the bill s,S. No.
yi>) for the rehef of Cowan & Dickinson, of
linoxville, Tennessee.
The bill was read. It appropriates $G4,1'28,
and directs the Secretary ot' the Treasury to
pay that sum to the firm of Cowan & Dickin-
son, of Knoxville, Tennessee, in full compen-
sation for two hundred and fifty-six bales of
cotton belonging to them seized and taken by
order of General Burnside on the 17th and
18th days of November, 1863, and used in the
fortifications for the defense of Knoxville and
the army at the time of the assault by the
forces under General Longstreet and the sub-
sequent seizure of that city.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. The committee
report this bill with an amendment, which I
desire to have read.
Mr. SARGENT. I raise the point of order
on that bill, that it makes an appropriation, and
must, under the roles, have its first considera-
tion in Committee of the Whole on the Private
Calendar.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. I desire that the
amendment may be read, so that it may go with
the bill, if it be referred.
The Clerk read the amendment, as follows:
Strike out "$64,128" and insert in lieu thereof
"$14,889 60."
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
sustains the point of order.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. I hope the gen-
tleman will allow this bill to be considered in
the House.
Mr. MAYNARD. I am sure that if the
gentleman knew the facts in this case he would
not insist on his point of order.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Does the
gentleman from California insist on the poi ut
of order?
Mr. SARGENT. I do.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Then the
bill is referred, under the rules, to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the Private Calendar.
eebeeerence of papers.
On motion of Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan, by
unanimous consent, leave was granted for
the withdrawal from the files of the House
of the papers in the case of Edward W. Cran-
dell; and the same were referred to the Com-
mittee of Claims.
On motion of Mr. SMITH, of Kew York,
by unanimous conseut, leave was granted for
the withdrawal from the files of the Honse of
the papers in the case of C. G. Dodge ; and
the same were referred to the Committee of
Claims.
estate of dr. john p. hanks.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I move that
the House resolve itself into Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union on the
special order.
i Mr. HOLMAJT. I rise to what I believe is
; a privileged question. I desire to report back
i from the Uommit'ee of Claims the veto mes-
i sage of the President of the United States on
the bill sH. II. No. ld-50) for the relief of the
' estate of Dr. John F. Hanks. I think that is
a privileged matter.
1 Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I think not, any
: more than any other report of a committee.
Mr. IIOLMAN. I suppose that it is. and
: I understand that it is, and I suppose that the
'■ House ordered iu this instance that the com-
mittee might report upon this subject at any
time.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
thinks the report is entitled to precedence.
Mr. HOLilAN. Then I report back the
veto me ssage, and ask that it be read.
The- Clerk read as follows :
To fne House of Rcprwenfatiue* :
I herewuh return fur the farther considerruioriof
Congress without my approval, House bill No.
"An act for the relief of the estate ot 3>r. «?ohn r.
Hanks," for the reason that the records of the
Treasury Department show that ?ho eusrent, moneys
taken by Colonel S. B. HoUbird Jroui the Louisiana
Stale Bank of Neu Orleans, in tlio month of Aususi,
ISoi. wore accounted fur by that officer to tue i
ury Department. and the Dam.-:? of the doposiic-rs
given* and that the u&uic of Dr. John . Hank^ doe-?
not appear among tliem. , ,
It also uppers, from the ree^rUoi U«o Irf-a^ury
Department, that amocg the edicts iaken from tue
Louisiana B;\nk ot Orleans wncr the sunx
of $1,72' yf couiudcratc moucy, and that the fc'aicl
