1658
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February. 24,
distinctly who are and who are not entitled to
the privileges of the floor. The Chair will
direct that it be strictly enforced from this day
until the close of the session.
river and harbor appropriation bili,.
The House resumed the consideration of the
river and harbor appropriation bill.
Mr. HANKS. The estimate made for White
river alone in the second session of the Forty-
Second Congress was $1-7,000; a fact which
shows the importance of this river, and the
necessity of an appropriation being now made
of even a larger amount than I have asked.
I only ask $50,000 for the two rivers, the White
and St. Francis rivers. They are important
rivers in our State, and to the commerce of the
entire southern country. I think under all the
circumstances the appropriation which 1 have
asked is only reasonable, and I hope there will
be no further objection made to it.
Mr. CONGER. I have before me the book
of estimates for this year. And, as regards
the White and St. Francis rivers, they speak
of the work done there, but no additional ap-
propriation is recommended. I, refer to page
63 of the reports of the engineers.
Mr. 1 TANKS. When the amendment I
have oiler* >1 was objected to some time ago,
it was said that there was nothing m those
reports making mention of any estimate for
these rivers at all. Now it seems that a refer-
ence to them has been found, but that no
appropriation is recommended for this year.
Now, in the report made prior to these the
gentleman from Michigan [Mr. Congkr] has
referred to, tho engineer says that these im-
provements are very necessary, that they
ought to be made, and that unless Congress
should make more liberal appropriations here-
after than heretofore, it would be utterly im-
possible to do justice to the commerce of these
rivers.
Mr. CONGBli. The report I have quoted
is the last report, the report for this year.
The gentleman from Arkansas [ Mr. Hanks]
has an old report. I am calling the attention
of the House to the last report, in which,
referring to the improvement of White river
and the improvement of St. Francis river,
they speak of the appropriation having been
expended, bilt recommend no new appropria-
tion. In view of these facts the committee did
not feel justified in recommending any appro-
priation.
Mr. HANKS. I have not had an oppor-
tunity to examine the report of which the gen-
tleman from Michigan now speaks. But only
a little while ago the gentleman said there was
nothing in the report about these improve-
ments at all.
Mr. CONGER. I find that there is; that
an appropriation was made two years ago, and
that no further appropriation is asked.
Mr. HANKS. In the report I have here it
is earnestly recommended.
Mr. BOLES. In the report referred to by
the gentleman from Michigan [Mr. Conobr]
the engineer renews his former reeommonda-
tion for two snag-boats on these rivers.
Tho question being put on the amendment
offered by Mr. Hanks, there were—-ayes 5G,
noes 43 ; no quorum voting.
The SPEAKER, under the rule, ordered
tellers; and appointed Mr. Congeb and Mr.
Hajjks.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 7i>, noes 59.
Mr. SAWYER and Mr. CONGER called
for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 1U2, nays 07, not
voting 71; as follows:
if JSAS—-Messrs. Arthur, Barry, Erasmus W. Beck,
James B. Beck, Bell, Bigby, Bingham, Bird, Austin
Blair, James G. Blair. Boarman, Boles, Braxton,
Bright, Buckley, Roderick R. Butler, Campbell,
Cobb, Comingo, Critcher. Urossland, Darrall, Dodds,
Dox, DuBose, Duke, EUredge, Ely, Esty, Fink-
elnburg, Frye, Ctarrett, Getz, Giddings, Golladay,
Griffith, Haldeman, Handley, Hanks, Harper,
George E. Harris, John T. Harris, Havens, Hays,
Horn (ion, Kellogg, Kendall, King, Lamison, Leach,
Lewis, Lowe, Maolntyre, Marshall, Maynard, Mc-
Cormiok; McHenry, McKee, McKinney, Merrick,
Benjamin F. Meyers, Morey, Morphis, Leonard
Myers, Negley, Silas L. Niblaok, William E. Nib-
lack, Isaac C. Parker, Perry, Porter, Price, Read,
Edward Y. Rice, John M. Rice, Sion H. Rogers,
Sherwood, Shober, Slater, Sloss, H. Boardinan
Smith, John A.Smith, Snyder, Speer, Stevens, Ste-
venson, Storm, Sutherland, Sypher, Terry, Thomas,
Turner, Tuthill, Van Trump, Vaughan, Voorhees,
Waddell, Wallace, Wells, Williams of New-York,
Winchester, Wood, and Young—102.
NAYS—-Messrs. Barber, ButBnton, Bunnell, Bur-
chard, Clarke, Conger, Crocker, Dawes, Donnan,
Duell. Dunnell, Karnes, Charles Foster, Wilder D.
Foster, Garfield, Goodrich, Hale, Harmer, John Ji.
Hawley, Joseph R. Hawley, Gerry W. llazelton,
John W. llazelton, Hibbard, Hoar. Holman, Hough-
ton, Kelley, Kerr, Ketcham, Killinger, Lynch,
McClelland, McCrary, McGrew, Merriam, Monroe,
Packard, Packer, Hosea W. Parker, Pendleton,
Peters, Potter, Prindle, Randall, Ellis H. Roberts,
Rusk. Sargent, Sawyer, Sessions, Sheldon, Shelia-
barger, Slocum.Worthington C. Smith, Snapp, Stark-
weather, Stoughton, Stowell, St. John, Washington
Townsend, Tyner. Upson, Wakeman, Waldoii. Wal-
dron. Wheeler, Whitthorne, and Willard—57.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Acker, Adams, Ambler,
Ames, Archer, Averill, Banks, Barnum, Beatty,
Biggs, Brooks, Burdett, Benjamin F. Butler, Cald-
well, Carroll, Coburn, Coghlan, Conner, Cotton,
Cox, Crebs, Creely, Davis, Diekey, Elliott, Farm-
worth, Farwell, Forker. Henry D. Foster, Halsey,
Manibleton, Hancock. Hay, Hereford, Hill, Hooper,
Kinsella, Lamport, Lansing, Manson, McJunkin,
McNeely, Mitchell, Moore, Morgan, Orr, Palmer,
Peek, Perco, Piatt, Poland, Rftiney, Ritchie, Wil-
liam It. Roberts, Robinson, John Rogers, Roose-
velt, Scoficld, Seeloy, Shanks, Shoemaker, Sprague,
Swann. Taffe. Dwigbt Townsend, Twiehell, Warren,
Whiteley, Williams of Indiana, Jeremiah M. Wil-
son, and John T. Wilson—71.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SAWYER. 1. now offer the amend-
ment which 1 submitted last evening, and ask
that if adopted the Clerk be authorized to in-
sert them iu the proper plaees in the bill-
Mr. SNYDER. Before the gentleman does
that 1 desire to move to add to the following
paragraph:
For tho improvement of the Ouachita river, in
Louisiana, $60,000, the following:
And lor improvement of the Ouachita river, in
Arkansas, $40,000.
I will only say that where the board of engi-
neers have recommended $140,000 there ianot
a cent appropriated for this purpose in this
bill. I ask $40,000, which is only ten per cent,
of the amount estimated for,
Mr. SAWYER. Let my amendments be
first disposed of.
The first amendment of Mr. Sawyer was
read, as follows:
On page 9, insert, aftor line one hundred and
eighty-four, as follows:
For the improvement of the channel of the Dela-
ware river at Fort Mifflin bar, 850,000.
Mr. SAWYER. That is really no increase.
The next amendment t offered reduces an ap-
propriation $50,000.
Mr. RANDALL. This does not increase
the appropriations at all, but. merely specifies
the point where the work shall be.
Mr. SAWYER. I ask that the second
amendment be read, and that both be consid-
ered together.
The Clerk read as follows:
On page 9. line one hundred and eighty-six, strike
out ' $100,000" and insert "$50,000;" so that it will
read, " for the improvement of tho channel of tha
Delaware river, at and near the Horse Shoe shoals,
$50,000."
The amendments were agreed to.
The next amendment offered by Mr. Saw-
yer was read, as follows :
After line two hundred and seventy-four, insert as
follows:
For removing sand bar forming at the entrance of
Salem harbor, Massachusetts, $15,000.
Mr. PLATT. I oppose that amendment.
I think Massachusetts is pretty well provided
for iu this bill already.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read the next, amendment as
follows:
On page 13, line two hundred and eighty-two,
strike out "$100,000" and insert '"$125,000;" so that
it will read, "For surveys and examinations and
contingencies of rivers and harbors, $125,000."
Mr. SAWYER. That is for surveys.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment offered by-Mr. Sawyer
was read as follows:
At the end of section two add the following:
For connecting the inland waters along the mar-
gin of the Gulf of Mexico, from Donaldsonville, in
Louisiana, to the Rio Grande river, in Texas, by
cuts and canals; at Great Pee Dee river, from Pino
Bluff to Cheraw, South Carolina; at Cleveland,
Ohio, for the construction of harbor of refuge; at
New Rochelle, New York, for improvement of Echo
bay or harbor; at Forked Deer river, below Dyer-
burg, Tennessee; at harbor at Wilson," on Lake
Ontario, New York; at East Pascagoula harbor,
Mississippi sound; at Portsmouth harbor, New
Hampshire; for breakwater between Gerishs' Island
and Wood Island; in Ipswiteh bay. Massachusetts;
at Hodgkins cove, to ascertain the practicability
of a harbor of refuge by building a breakwater
there.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. I move to amend
line one hundred and twenty-five by striking
out $100,000 and inserting $200,000; so that
it will read:
For the improvement of the Mississippi river,
between the mouth of the Missouri river, and the
mouth of the Ohio river, $200,000.
Mr. SAWYER. I hope that amendment,
will not be adopted.
The question was taken viva voce, but before
the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. FINKELNBURG called for a division.
Before the House divided on the .question,
Mr, FINKELNBURG said: I desire to say
a word before the vote is taken.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman can do so
by consent. He himself called for a division.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. The object for wh ich
this appropriation is made is the improvement
of the Mississippi river between the mouth
of the Missouri and the mouth of the Ohio
river at Cairo. It embraces not only the im-
portant works at the harbor of the city of St.
Louis, but many hundred miles on the hauk
of the river itself. I will not attempt to weary
this House with any stale statistics about the
importance of the commerce of the Missis-
sippi river. There are some things so self-
evident that they are beyond argument. I
take it that this proposition is one of them.
And if the preeminent importance of the com-
merce of that river is not well understood by
members on this floor, there is not time enough
left me now to do justice to the subject.
I call the attention of the House to this
fact, that the appropriation for this purpose
proposedby the Committee on Commerce is
entirely too small in comparison with the
magnitude of the work, and in comparison
with the other appropriations made in this
bill.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. Allow me to ask
my friend fram Missouri [Mr. Finkelnburg]
if he is willing to jeopardize $100,000 appro-
priated by this bill for this year by overload-
ing the bill with these amendments increasing
the amounts appropriated?
Mr. FINKELNBURG. I do not ask for a
large amount. I ask for $200,000 only, which
I think is a small amount in comparison with
the magnitude of the work. The estimates
show that the work will cost in the neighbor-
hood of $1,500,000. Now I submit that if the
Government is to dribble out its appropria-
tions in this style, the life of the present gen-
eration will not be long enough for it to derive
any benefit from the proposed work. If the
Government does not intend to finish it, let it
say so at once; but if it intends to finish this
work, if it intends to promote the great objects
of the work, let us have enough money to go
on with it, so that the people how living may
see the day when they shall derive some
benefit from it.
There is an appropriation in this bill of
'"" 000 for the improvement of the Fox and
Wisconsin rivers. Now, will anybody pretend
to say that the magnitude of that work com-
pares with that of the Mississippi river, the
great thoroughfare of the people, which cuts
their great country in twain from one end to
