1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1651}
the other, and which is the great line of trans-
portation for the Mississippi valley? Will
anybody say that if the Fox and Wisconsin
rivers is entitled to $300,000, we should not
have at least $200,000 for the Mississippi?
And what are the appropriations made by this
bill for the Ohio river ? I know the commerce
of that river is important; but it does not by
any means come up to that of the Mississippi.
And yet in this bill there is in one place an
appropriation of $200,000, and in another
place one of $200,000 for the Ohio river. I
do not know what we did appropriate by our
vote on Saturday last for the Ohio Falls.
Somebody has suggested to me that the vote
will take out of the Treasury a million "or
twelve hundred thousand dollars.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. CONGER. The engineers recommended
$50,000 tor the improvement of the Missis-
sippi river between Alton and St. Louis. They
also asked an appropriation of $50,000 be-
tween St. Louis and the mouth of the Mis-
souri river for a particular purpose. The
committee have put the two together, and have
made the whole $100,000, because the same
material was to be used on both the works.
And the board of engineers have requested
that the appropriation should be made §100,-
000 for the whole, rather than in two parts of
$50,000 each.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. That is if they
could get no more.
Mr. CONGEE. The committee have fol-
lowed the recommendation of the engineers as
to the amount necessary this year for these
works.
Mr. WELLS. I desire to state to the
House that the Secretary of War reeom-
meuded in his report to the House, April 21,
1872, an appropriation of $329,000 for the
improvement of the Mississippi river between
the mouth of the Missouri river and the mouth
of the Maramec river. There were appropri-
ated last year $100,000 for that work.
Mr. CONGER. That money has not yet
been expended.
Mr. WELLS. Here is a report of General
Humphries recommending an appropriation
for the improvement of the river between the
mouth of the Missouri and the mouth of the
Ohio. The committee have seen proper to
report for this work $100,000.
. The number of steamboats and barges arriv-
ing at St. Louis alone during the last year is
seven thousand and six, and the amount of
their freights upward of $1,600,000. The
difference between the tariff between low and
moderate state of water in that portion of the
river proposed to be improved is $6 50 per
tun, which would be not less than $3,500,000
oat of the pockets of the people of this coun-
try. Not only those States bordering on said
river, but at least eight tenths of the whole
people of the country are interested in the free
and uninterrupted navigation of thegreat river
we are proposing to improve. I o those who
consume the products of the Mississippi val-
ley this improvement will make a difference
of' three and a half million dollars in the price
paid for its products.
This improvement, with that at Cairo, will
make that river navigable the year through to
enable steamboats to go out with full freights.
The people of this country could afford to ap-
propriate fdr this work $50,000,000, and then
make money by the expenditure. The amount
we ask is small in view of the large appropri-
ations made in this bill for works of much less
importance in other portions of the country.
The House, when it reflects that this matter
concerns over five thousand miles of river
navigation, whose waters pass over this por-
tion of the Mississippi river, cannot, I think,
refuse this small appropriation.
Mr. SAW YKR. I wish to make but a sin-
gle remark. My friend from Missouri [Mr.
Fimc-Ki.nbtjru] says that those interested m
the navigation of the Mississippi river have
thus far had nothing in this bill. I wish to
say that for various improvements on the Mis-
sissippi, Missouri, and Arkansas rivers we
appropriate $800,000.
The question being taken on the amendment,
there were—ayes 65, noes 66.
Mr. WELLS called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Wells and
Mr. Sawyeb were appointed.
The House divided ; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 83, noes 49.
Mr. SAWYER called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 97, nays 77, not voting
66 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ambler, Arthur, Barry, James B.
Beek, Bigby, Austin Blair, James G. Blair, Boarman,
Boles, Braxton, Bright,Burchard, Roderick R.But-
ler, Campbell, Cobb, Coburn, Comingo, Conner,
Crebs, Critcher, Crossland, Darrall, Dodds, Dox,
BuBose, Duke, Duonell, Elliott, Farnsworth, Par-
well, Finkelnburg, Garrett, Get/, Giddings, Golla-
day, Griffith, Hancock, Handley, Hanks, Harper,
George E. Harris, John X. Harris, Havens, John B.
Hawicy, Hay, Hereford, Herndon, Kendall, King,
Lainison, Leach, Lewis, Lowe, Maclutyre, Manson,
Marshall, McCrary, McHeary. McKee, McKinney,
Benjamin F. Meyers, Moore, Morey, Morphia, Silas
L. Niblacli, OrrJsaacC. Parker, Perry, Porter,Price,
Rainey, Bead, Edward Y. Rice, John M. Rice, Rob-
inson, John Rogers, Sion H, Rogers, Shanks, Shober,
Slater, Snapp, Snyder, Stevens, Sutherland, Sypher,
Terry. Thomas. Turner, Vaughan, Voorhees, Wad-
dell, W allace, Warren, Wells, Williams of New York,
Winchester, and Wood—97.
NAYS—Messrs. Archer, Barber, Beatfcy, Erasmus
W. Beck, Bell, Biggs, Bingham, Bird, Buckley, Buf-
finton, Clarke, Conger, Crocker, Dawes, Donnan,
Duell, Ely, Esty, Charles Foster, Henry D. Foster,
Wilder D. Foster, Frye, Garfield, Goodrich, Harmer,
Joseph R. Hawley, Gerry W. Hazelton, John W.
Hazelton, Hibbard, Hill, Hoar. Holman, Hooper,
Houghton, Kelley, Killiuger, Lansing, Lynch, Me-
Grew, Merriam, Merrick. Mitchell, Monroe, William
E. Niblack, Packard, Packer, Hosea W. Parker,
Peek, Pendleton, Piatt, Potter. Prindle, Randall,
Ellis H. Roberts, Williaia R. Roberts, Roosevelt,
Rusk, Sargent, Sawyer, Sessions, Shellabarger,
Sherwood, Shoemaker, H. Boardinan Smith, Worth-
ington 0. Smith, Speer, Storm. Washington Towu-
send, Tuthill, Tyncr, Upson, Wakeman, Waldron,
Wheeler. Whitthorne, Willard, and Williams of
Indiana—77. , ,
NOT VOTING —Messrs. Acker, Adams, Ames,
Averill, Banks, Barnurn, Brooks, Bunnell, Burdett,
Benjamin F. Butler, Caldwell, Carroll, Coghlan,
Cotton, Cox, Creely, Davis, Dickey, Eames. Eld-
redge, Forker, Haldeman, Hale, Halsey, Hamble-
ton. Hays, Kellogg, Kerr, Keteham, Kinsella, Lam-
port, Maynard, McClelland, McCormick, McJunkm,
McNeely, Morgan, Leonard Myers, Negley, Palmer,
Perce, Peters, Poland, Ritchie. Seoheld, Seeley,
Sheldon, Slocum, Sloss. John A. Smith, Sprague,
Starkweather, Stevenson, Stoughton, Stowell, St.
John, Swann, Taffe, Dwight Townsend, Twieheil,
Van Trump, Walden, Whiteley, Jeremiah M. Wil-
son, John.T. Wilson, and Young—66.
So the amendment was adopted.
Mr. WINCHESTER. I move to amend by
inserting after line one hundred and twenty-
seven the following:
And that Godfrey Weitzel, of the corps of engin-
eers, United States Army, m charge of the Louis-
ville and Portland canal, is hereby empowered anil
directed, subject to the approval of the chiet ot
engineers of said corps, to adjust and pay, out ot
any money appropriated for the improvement ot
said canal, to J. U. Dennis, any legal or equitable
claims lie may have against the United States aris-
ing out of work done by him under Hugh McGlmery
& Co.'s contract to perform work on said canal in
the years 1S71 and 1S72; and said Godfrey Wcitzel
is further authorized and directed to pay to said J.
C. Dennis, in addition to the amountabove Provided
for such other sums as said Weitzel shall tind that
said Dennis is legally or equitably entitled ro as an
assignee of Hugh MeGlinery & Co. tor work done
bv said Dennis on said improvement: FrovuUcl,
That such sums shall not exceed the amount due
and owing by the Government of the United .Mate*
for work done under said contract of Hugh MeGlin-
ery & Co., and that the sums thus received of Wcit-
zel shall be in lull of the claim ot said MeGlinery &
Co under their contract, and in full ol the claim ot
said Dennis as the assignee of said tirm.
Mr. CONGEli. That makes no new appro-
priation, but authorizes the board ol engineers
to settle a claim already appropriated for.
There ean be ilo objection to it. ,
Mr. HOLMAN. It seems to me that should
be referred to the Secretary of W ar.
Mr. CONGER. It is referred to the chiet
of engineers.
Mr. HOLMAN. it seems to me by the lan-
guage of the resolution it is only referred to
an officer of the engineer corps. I ask the
Clerk to read a few lines of the amendment
again.
The amendment was again read.
Mr. HOLMAN. I do not insist on my
objection, although I think the amendment is
improperly put on the bill.
Mr. MAYNARD. I objeet to' it, as it is
nothing hut a private claim and ought not to go
upon an appropriation bill.
The amendment was adopted.
Mr. HAYS. Mr. Speaker, I move thatsec-
tion one, lines one hundred and forty-eight and
one hundred and forty-nine of the bill now
under consideration be so amended as to read
as follows: " for the improvement of Mobile
harbor and bay, Alabama, $100,000."
I beg leave to detain t,he-House a few mo-
ments on this proposed amendment. I pro-
pose it because it is strongly and urgently
recommended by the board of engineers of
the United States and because it is a measure
of justice and right that should be cheerfully
accorded to the mercantile and shipping in-
terests not only of the city of Mobile, hut of
the cities of New York, Boston, Philadelphia,
Baltimore, and Norfolk, all of which places
are deeply interested in the speedy and final
completion of the improvements in Mobile
bay." The strongest argument that, can be
possibly adduced in favor of this appropria-
tion will be a simple narration of.facts.
In a report made to the Secretary of War
on July 31,1872, by Brevet Brigadier General
J. H. Simpson, of the United States corps of
engineers, he estimates that $4-51,908 85 will
be required to complete Dog river channel,-
and that the amount required for the (iscal
year ending June 30,1874, will be. $2p0,000.
Guided by a sincere desire to cut down the
enormous appropriations made yearly by the
General Government to the strictest bounds of
economy and usefulness, I only ask oue half
the amount estimated by the engineer depart-
ment to be necessary to carry on this work, so
momentously important to the commerce of
the entire country, but as yet so sparingly pat-
ronized by the Government. In order to show
to the House the great necessity of finishing
up the improvements already commenced or
losing the time and funds already invested by
the Government, I desire to call the attention
of members to the following extract from the
report of Colonel Simpson. .Premising this
part of my statement with the explanation
that the improvements commenced consist
mainly of excavating or dredging out the bar,
the report says:
" The hoard give it as their opinion that this ex-
cavation should be made as rapidly as possible, for
if portions only are dredged and left in an unevt*l
or lumpy condition, such portions will fill to the
level of the projections, and, besides, there will not
be a clear water-way for the ready movement of the
bottom current until each bar is cot entirely through
and finished to an even surface. If, on the other
hand, this dredging should proceed slowly and at
intervals, it will bu but a partial success. A o good
results ean be predicted ercepfcfroui a rapid and
thorough execution of the work."
And again:
"T respectfully and earnestly recommend that the
appropriation I have asked tor this object, in my
last annual report, to wit. $100,001), be augmented
at least to $200,uuo, and that this recommendation
be laid before Congress at its present session, and
at the earliest possible moment."
It is useless to enter into a detailed state-
ment of the manner and proeess of cleaning
out the bay, for that is a matter of record,
and is fully set forth in the report of the Sec-
retary of War, volume two, pages 574 to 589.
The only question for this House to decide is
the necessity of the improvement, and its gen-
eral benefit to the commercial and mercantile
interests of our whole country. As plainly
set forth in the report of the engineer in charge
ol this work, it is quite, yea, absolutely neces-
sary that this work should go steadily on, or
we shall lose the benefit of the money already
expeuded then-. The committee have agreed
upon an appropriation ol $50,000 the engin-
eer in charge says that $200,000 is required
