■TOO
THE CONGRESSIONAL ©LOSE.
January 20,
Indians who have been thrown out. of one
hundred and sixty acres may be enabled to
enter the same and have patents issued to
them ; which was referred to the Committee
oo Public Lands. .
He also presented the memorial ot the brand
Lodge of the- Independent Order of Good
Templars of the United States, signed by tts
officers), agking for a commission of inquiry
concerning the traffic in intoxicating liquors,
and restrictive and prohibitory legislation for
the suppression of intemperance ; which was
referred to {he Committee on the Revision of
the Laws of the United States.
. Mr. CORBETT presented the petition of
the Stale Temperance Alliance of Oregon,
signed by its officers, asking for the prohibition
of the manufacture,- importation, and sale of
all intoxicating liquors to be used as a beverage
in the Territories of the United States and in
the District of Columbia; which was ordered
to lie on the table.
Mr. MORTON. I present a memorial on
•the part of the senate aDd house of represent-
atives of the Legislature of the Territory of
Dakota, asking Congress to make a grant
of land for the construction of railroads in
the Territory of Dakota south of the forty-
sixth parallel, the proposed boundary of Pem-
bina territory. This memorial states that
grants have been made to all other Territories
and western States for the construction of
railroads, and that the settlement of those
States and Territories has been greatly expe-
dited by these roads ; that unless a grant of
land be made capitalists cannot be induced to
take hold and construct railroads in the Terri-
tory of Dakota. It is further stated that it is
a prairie country; tljat the southeastern part
of the Territory of Dakota, in fact the great
body of it, is almost destitute of timber ; that
without the means of carrying timber and lum-
ber up into that Territory frern the pineries
and lumber regions it cannot be settled. They
therefore memorialize Congress to make grants
of land for the construction of railroads in
Dakota, as has been done in other Territo-
ries and States in the West, giving reasons
why it is absolutely necessary—indeed more
necessary there than in other Territories and
States, on account of the almost total destitu-
tion of timber. 1 move that this memorial be
referred to the Committee on Public Lands,
and printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MORTON presented the petition of
Henry C. Smith, late second lieutenant of the
sixteenth ludiana volunteers, praying for
arrears of pay ; which was referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. SPENCER presented the petition of
merchants of Mobile, Alabama, praying to be
relieved from the payment of duties already
paid to the so-called confederate government;
which was referred to the Committee on
Finance.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, presented the
petition of the Sons of Temperance of North
America, signed by the officers of the organ-
ization, asking for a commission of inquiry
concerning the results of the traffic in intox-
icating liquors, and of restrictive and pro-
hibitory legislation for the suppression of
intemperance; which was referred to the
Committee on the Revision of the Laws of
the United States.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland, presented
the petition of the societies of Good Templars
and Sons of Temperance of Maryland, signed
by their officers, praying for the prohibition of
the manufacture, importation, and sale of all
intoxicating liquors to be used as a beverage
in the Territories of the United States and in
the District of Columbia; which was ordered
to lie on the table.
Mr. GOLDTIIWAITE presented the memo-
rial of Butt, Foster & Co., of Mobile, Ala-
bama, praying for an act of Congress relieving
them from the payment of duties on goods
on which they had already paid duties to the
so-called confederate government; which was
referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. SHERMAN presented a petition of five
hundred and sixty citizens of Ohio, praying
the passage of the soldiers' homestead bill;
which was referred to the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands.
Mr. LOGAN presented the petition of Row-
land A. Colby, late of company D, first United
States infantry, praying to be paid arrears ot
pension; which was referred to the Committee
on Pensions.
He also presented the petition of Niel Neil-
son, praying to be allowed a pension; which
was referred to tbe Committee On Pensions-.
Mr. CONKLfNG presented the petition of
several temperance societies of Rochester,
NeW York, asking for a commission of inquiry
concerning the results of the traffic in intox-
icating liquors, and of restrictive and prohib-
itory legislation for the suppression of intem-
perance; which was referred to the Committee
on the Revision of the Laws of the United
States.
Mr. WRIGHT presented the memorial of
the Board of Trade of Davenport, Iowa, in
favor of the construction of a canal from the
Mississippi river to the Illinois river, and of
a ship canal from Port St. Philip to the Gulf
of Mexico; which was referred to the select
Committee on Transportation Routes to the
Seaboard.
Mr. PRATT presented the petition of W.
B. Matchett, praying payment for certain cleri-
cal services rendered the United States Treas-
ury Department in 1866 ; which was referred
to the Committee on Claims.
UEPOltTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. CARPENTER. The Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill (H.
R. No. '2993) for the relief of sufferers by the
fire in Boston, have instructed me to report it
without amendment, accompanied by a written
report. I move that the report be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. EDMUNDS. On behalf of the minor-
ity of the Committee on the Judiciary on the
Boston bill, I beg leave to present, for myself
and my associate in the min ority, [ Mr. Wright, ]
our views upon the subject of the bill, and to
move that they be printed with the report of
the majority.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HOWE, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the petition of Thaddeus
C'. Hubbell, late postmaster at Orangeburg,
South Carolina, praying relief from respons-
ibility for the loss of money and stamps stolen
from him in June, 1866, submitted an adverse
report thereon, which was ordered to be
printed ; and the committee were discharged
from the further consideration of the petition.
Mr. LOGAN, from the Committee On Mili-
tary Affairs, to whom was referred the bill
(H- R. No. 2704) for the relief of S. P. Jocelyn,
reported it without amendment. _
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 1384) authorizing
the Secretary of War to have a monument
erected at Salisbury, North Carolina, to the
memory of the soldiers who died in prison
and are buried there, reported it without
amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 1343) to provide
for the better care and protection of subsist-
ence supplies, reported it without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 1344) giving
power to the Superintendent of the Military
Academy to convene courts-martial, reported
it without amendment.
Mr. SAWYER. The Committee oh Edu-
cation and Labor, to whom was referred the
petition of mechanics and laborers employed
at Gloucester, Massachusetts, preparing stone
for the Boston post office, praying for pay for
two hours per day extra work, to December 1,
1872.have instructed me to report it bark, and
ask that the committee be discharged from its
further consideration. It appears that these
mechanics are employed by_ a contractor lor
the Government, and stand in the same rela-
tion to that contractor as any other laborers do
to any other contractor.
The committee was discharged from the
farther consideration of the petition.
Mr. SAWYER. I am also instructed by the
same committee, to whom was referred the bill
(H. R. No. 1898) to extend the time for pro-
viding a college under an act entitled "An act
donating public lauds to the several States and
Territories which may provide colleges for the
benefit of agriculture and the mechanic arts,
approved July 2,1862, in the State of Indiana,
to March 1, 1873, to report it'back, and ask
that the committee be discharged from its
further consideration, because a general law
extending the time for two years from July 1,
1872, has already passed both Houses.
The committee was discharged from the
further consideration of the bill ; and it was
postponed indefinitely. _
Mr. SAWYER, from the Committee on Edu-
cation and Labor, to whom were referred two
petitions of citizens of New Hampshire, pray-
ing that each State be granted the proceeds of
the sales of the public lands to the amount of
thirty thousand acres for each Senator and
Representative, for the endowment of a uni-
versity for the education of women, asked to
be discharged from its further consideration ;
which was agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the memorial of Cole-
man Bohannan, of Alabama, praying to be
indemnified for thirty-two bales of cotton
which he alleges were wrongfully seized and
taken from him and appropriated by the
United States, asked to be discharged from
its further consideration; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 2806) for the
relief of Richard T. Morsell, of Washington,
District of Columbia, reported adversely there-
on ; and the bill was postponed indefinitely.
Mr. WEST, from the Committee on Military
Affairs, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
731) amending an act entitled ' 'An act making
appropriations for the support of the Army for
the year ending June 30, 1871, and for other
purposes," approved July 15, 1870, reported
adversely thereon; and the bill was postponed
indefinitely.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 820) to dispose
of the lands in the military reserve at Fort
Smith, in Arkansas, reported adversely thereon;
and the bill was postponed indefinitely.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 1263) granting to
the California Central Narrow Gauge Railroad
Company certain rights upon the lands of the
United States, at Benicia, in California, re-
ported it without amendment.
Mr. CASSERLY, I ask for tbe immediate
consideration of that bill. It is just like several
other bills granting rights of way to railroads
through a Government reservation.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I object.
Mr. PRATJT. The Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom was referred the bill (H. R.
No. 2572) granting a pension to Herman J.
Ehle, have "instructed- me to report it back
and recommend its indefinite postponement. I
do not see the Senator from New York [Mr.
Conkling] in his seat, who took an interest
in this case. If he were here, I should move
that the bill go on the Calendar. Perhaps I
ought tjo make that motion for him in his
absence.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
placed on the Calendar with the adverse report
of the committee.
Mr. PRATT, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the petition of B. A.
