1660
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 24,
to keep up the work for the fiscal year. I
propose, Mr. Speaker, to compromise the
matter and take $100,000, which, I am assured,
is the lowest possible amount that will save to
the Government the work already so auspi-
ciously commenced, and open up this great
basin of wealth to the ships and sails of our
entire land.
In addition I will state the export of cotton
from the port of Mobile for the last six years,
to demonstrate its importance to the commerce
of the country:
Exports of cotton from Mobile^ to foreign and United
States ports, years ending September 1.
Bales.
186 7 261,682
186 8 358,745
186 9 247-,348
187 0 298,523
187 1 417,503
187 2 295,620
I hope the amendment will be unanimously
agreed to.
Mr. SAWYER. I hope that amendment
will not be adopted.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
44, noes 62.
Mr. HAYS demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Hats and
Mr. Sawyer were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 68, noes 67.
Mr. HAYS demanded the yeas and nays.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I move to strike
out "fifty" and insert "thirty," and I doit
for the purpose of saying 
Mr. HAYS. Is debate in order t
The SPEAKER. The House is dividing,
and debate is not in order.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. HOLMAN. 1s it in order to call for
the previous question on this bill ?
Mr. RANDALL. I hope it will not be
done.
Mr. SAWYER. I move to suspend the
rules and pass the bill with the exception of
the third section.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I hope the gen-
tleman will accept the third section too.
Mr. SAWYER. I cannot.
Mr. MACINTYRE. I make the point of
order that it is not in order to suspend the
rules while the House is acting under a sus-
pension of the rules.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman will
read a little further on in the rule he will find
there is this exception: "unless connected
with the business belore the House."
Mr. HOLMAN. Cannot the previous ques-
tion be called on this bill?
The SPEAKER. Under a suspension of
the rules this bill was ordered to be considered
in the House as in Committee of the Whole
under the five-minutes rule; and that can only
be done away with by a suspension of the
rules.
Mr. STORM. The gentleman from Wis-
consin promises to allow me an opportunity
to present my amendment.
Mr. SAWYER. I will yield to the gentle-
man for that purpose, withdrawing my motion
to suspend the rules.
Mr. STORM. I move to amend by insert-
ing after the word " dollars," in line two hun-
dred and three, the following :
For the improvement of the Delaware river be-
tween Trenton, and Easton, Pennsylvania, 320,000.
Mr. MACINTYRE. Is it in order for the
gentleman from Wisconsin to hold the floor
and parcel it out to whomsoever he pleases,
yielding to some and denying the floor to
others V
The SPEAKER. The Chair recognized the
gentleman from VV isconsin for a specific motion,
which he has withdrawn to carry out some
understanding with the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania. The gentleman from Wisconsin is
not on the floor.
Mr. MACINTYRE. 1 have been trying to
get the floor for halt an hour.
Mr. STORM. I desire to have a vote on
my amendment.
The House divided ; and there were—ayes
38, noes 72.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. MACINTYRE. I move in line one
hundred and fifty-one to strike out "fifty"
and insert " one hundred so it will read:
For the improvement of Savannah harbor and
river, Georgia, 6100,000.
Mr. Speaker, I desire to say that this har-
bor of Savannah is very peculiarly situated.
Aid is needed for clearing out an extent of
fourteen or fifteen miles of river; and the
engineer has asked that $100,000 be appro-
priated for that purpose. That amount is
certainly not too much. It will all be required
for the necessary improvements of the harbor.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I desire at this
stage to call the attention of the House to the
condition in which this bill is brought by these
amendments. When this bill Was reported,
one hundred and twenty-seven rivers and har-
bors were appropriated for, five and a half
million dollars being distributed over them,
which is half a million more than last year.
There have since been added appropriations
for improvements at a large additional number
of points, making a total of about a million and
a half dollars more, as nearly as 1 can approxi-
mate to it by a hasty summing up.
Mr. COX. Let us prevent all that by kill-
ing the bill.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Then in the
bill as reported there were surveys ordered at
twenty-eightdifferent points. Additions have
been made ordering surveys at nine new points,
making in all thirty-seven new surveys, some
of them of creeks, perhaps, into which a scow-
boat never could berun. And now gentlemen
propose to load down the bill still further by
doubling old appropriations and adding new
ones. These amendments, if adopted, will
sink the bill to the bottom. We never can
have a satisfactory bill passed if the individual
wishes of gentlemen are consulted. I hope
this amendment will be voted down.
Mr. MAYNARD. It will be observed that
these amendments come from a certain portion
of the country. I am sorry to see anything
of a unilateral character in the bill, which
makes gentlemen feel that they are neglecting
their own local interests if they do not offer
amendments.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I wish the House
to remember that we appropriated in the bill
passed the other day as an annual appropria-
tion bill, something like $11,000,000 for pub-
lic buildings in this country. And I would
inquire why commerce cannot have half as
much as public buildings, why you cannot for
all the rivers and harbors of the U nited States
appropriate half as much annually as you do
for the jobs of public buildings to suit the con-
venience of different localities represented by
members here?
The SPEAKER. The question is on the
amendment offered by the gentleman from
Georgia, [Mr. MacIntyre.]
The House divided; and there were—ayes
45, noes 67; no quorum voting.
The SPEAKER, under the rule, ordered
tellers ; and appointed Mr. Garfield, of Ohio,
and Mr. MacIntyre.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 58, noes 69.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. MACINTYRE. I desire to offer another
amendment.
Mr. SAWYER. I cannot yield further. I
now move that the rules be suspended, and
that the river and harbor appropriation bill,
except the third section, with all the amend-
ments which have been adopted, be passed.
Mr. MACINTYRE. I desire to have the
bill amended by adding another survey, to
which I think no one will object.
Mr. SAWYER. I do not yield.
Mr. MITCHELL. I ask my colleague [Mr.
Sawyer] to yield to me to offer an amend-
ment.
Mr. SAWYER. I cannot yield to my col-
league. If I yield I lose the floor.
The question being put on Mr. Sawyer's
motion to suspend the rules,and pass the bill,
(excepting the third sect ion,) with all the
amendments which had been adopted, there
were—ayes 131, noes 38.
Mr. AMBLER. I call for the yeas and
nays.
On the question of ordering the yeas and
nays there were—ayes thirty-six.
So (the affirmative being more than one fifth
of the last vote) the yeas and nays were
ordered.
The question was taken; and there were—
yeas 145, nays, 45, not voting 50; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Archer, Arthur. Avorill,
Banks, Barber, Barry, Bigby. Biggs, Bingham,
Boarmau, Braxton, Buckley, Buffinton, Buimell,
Burehard, Burdett. Benjamin F. Butler, Caldwell,
Campbell, Clarke, Cobb.Coburn, Coghlan, Comiago,
Conger, Conner, Cotton. Crebs, Critcher, Crocker,
Darrall, Dawes, Dodds, Donnan, Dueil. Duke, Bun-
nell, Barnes. Eldredge, Elliott, Esty, Farwelf, Firi-
kelnburg, Charles Foster, Wilder D. Fester, Frye,
Garrett, Golladay, Goodrich, Griffith, Hale, Halsey,
Harmer, Harper, George E. Harris, John T. Harris,
Hay, Gerry W. Hazelton, John W. Hazelton, Here-
ford, Herndon, Hibbard, Hill, Hoar, Holman,
Houghton, Kelley, Kellogg, Kerr, Ketcham, King,
Lamport, Lansing, Leach; Lowe. Lynch, Maynard,
MeGrew, McKee.Merriam, Merrick, Mitchell,Mon-
roe, Moore, Morey, Leonard Myers, Negley, William
E. Niblaek, Oir, Packard, Palmer, Isaac C. Parker,
Peek, Pendleton, Perce, Perry, Peters. Piatt. Po-
land, Rainey, Edward Y. Rice, Ellis H. Roberts,
John Rogers, Sion H. Rogers, Rusk, Sawyer, Ses-
sions, Shanks, Sheldon, Shellabarger, Sherwood,
Shober, Slater, H. Boardman Smith, John A. Smith,
Worthington C. Smith, Snapp, Sprague, Stark-
weather, Stevenson, Stoughfcon, Stoweli, St. John,
Sutherland, Swann, Sypher, Thomas. Washington
Townsend, Tuthill, Twfchell, Tyner. Upson, Voor-
fiees, Waddeii, Wakeman, Waldron, Wallace, Wei Is,
Wheoler, Williams of Indiana, Williams of Now
York, Jeremiah M. Wilson, John T. Wilson, and
Winchester—145.
NAYS — Messrs. Ambler, Beatty, Erasmus W.
Beck, Bell, Bird, Austin Blair, Boles, Bright, Rod-
erick R. Butler, Cox, Crossiand, Dox, DuBose, E,y,
Farnsworth, Getz, Giddihgs, Haldeman, Hancock,
Handley, Hanks, Joseph R. Hawley, Hays, Kil-
linger, MacIntyre, Manson, MeClolland, Morphis,
SilasL. Niblaek', Hosea W. Parker, Porter,Randall,
William It. Roberts, Robinsbn, Roosevelt, Sargent,
ShoemaJter, Snyder, Speer, Storm-, Terry, Turner,
Whitthorne, Willard, and Young—15.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Acker, Adams, Barmun,
James B. Beck, James G. Blair, Brooks, Carroll,
Creely. Bavis, Dickey, Forker. Henry IX Foster, Gar-
Held, Hambleton, Havens, John B. Hawley,Hooper,
Kendall, Kinsella, Lamison, Lewis, Marshall, Mc-
Cormick, MeCrary, McHenry, McJunkiu, McKin-
ney,McNeely, Benjamin F. Meyers, Morgan,Packer,
Potter, Price, PrindJe, Read, John AI. Rice, Ritchie,
Scofield, Sceley, Slocum, SIoss, Stevens, TdlVc,
Dwight Tnwnsend, Van Trump, Vanghan, Walden,
Warren, Whitelcy, and Wood—50.
So (two thirds voting in favor thereof) the
rules were suspended, and the bill, with the
amendments adopted, and with the third sec-
tion stricken out, was passed.
credit mobiliek investigation.
Mr. POLAND, from the select Committee
on the Credit Mobilier Investigation, submitted
a report in writing in reference to some mat-
ters referred to that committee; which, with-
out reading, was recommitted to the committee
and ordered ta be printed.
the fisheries.
Mr. BANKS. I move to suspend the rules
so as to bring the message of the President
received to-day and the bill to execute that
portion of the treaty of Washington relating
to the fisheries before the House for consider-
ation.
Mr. SPEER. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. BANKS. I hope the House will not
adjourn until it shall have disposed of this bill.
The question was put on Mr. Speer's mo-
tion ; and the House refused to adjourn.
The question was put on the motion of Mr.
Banks ; and on a division there were—ayes
105, noes 44.
So (two thirds voting in favor therefor) the
motion was agreed to.
