1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1661
Mr. BANKS. I yield for a moment to tbe
chairman of the Committee on Appropria-
tions.
DEFICIENCY APPROPRIATION Bllt.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio, from the Com-
mittee on Appropriations, reported a bill (H.
R. No. 4051j making appropriations to supply
deficiencies in the appropriations for the ser-
vice of the G-overnment for the fiscal year
ending June 30,1873, and for other purposes;
which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, made the special order
for to-morrow, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. HOLMAN. I reserve all points of
order on that bill.
such merchandise would have been entitled to
had it actually been in public store or bonded
warehouse on or prior to the 31st day of July,
1872; provided that the owner of such mer-
chandise shall within thirty days from the pass-
age of this act make application therefor.
Mr. KEEE. I object to this bill.
Mr. BANKS. Then I must ask the House
to go on with the pending bill.
Mr. DAWES. Let me move to suspend the
rules and pass the bill.
Mr. BANKS. I cannot consent to that, for
it will lead to taking the yeas and nays.
Mr. SARGENT. If it does not lead to the
yeas and nays 
Mr. BANKS. I cannot yield.
tiik fi8hrribs.
Mr. BANKS. I now yield to my colleague
[Mr. Bdffiktou] to offer an amendment in
the nature of an additional section to the bill.
Mr. N1BLACK, of Indiana. I suggest to
the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Banks]
that we bad better now take a recess until half
past seven o'clock.
Mr. BANKS. I have no objection, if the
House so desires.
Mr. BUPFINTON. Before that is done, I
move to amend this bill by adding the fol-
lowing:
Sec. 5. That this act shall not take effect until the
Ut day of July. A. D. 1B73, and shall not apply to
any article of merchandise therein mentioned which
shall be held ia bond on that day by the customs
otlicers of the United States.
The SPEAKER. That amendment will be
considered as pending.
Mr. BANKS. I now move to recommit the
bill and pending amendment.
PETROLEUM BAltUELS, HEADING-BOLTS, ETC.
Mr. DAWES. Before the motion on taking
a recess is put, I ask leave to report a little
bill from the Committee of Ways and Means
which I understand, from the other branch of
Congress, it is necessary they should have to-
morrow, if it is to become a law this session.
It is to correct three or four mistakes in the
tariff bill of last session.
Mr. BANKS. I have no objection if it
does not cause debate.
Mr. DAWES. I think there will be no
objection to it. It is a bill to amend an act
entitled "An act to reduce duties on imports
and to reduce internal taxes, ajid for other
purposes," approved June 6, 1873.
The SPEAKER. The bill will be read,
after which objfetions to its present cousidera-
tion will be in order.
The first section of the bill provides that
after the date of tbe passage of the act there
shall be levied, collected, and paid a duty oi
thirty five per cent, ad vclIotcw, on macaroni
or vermicelli. ,
The second section provides that on and
after the date of the passage of the act, tor
all purposes relating to customs daues and
importations " heading-bolts " shall be held
and construed to be included in the term
"stay-bolts." , ,
The third section provides that barrels ot
American manufacture, exported fihed with
domestic petroleum and returned empty, may
be admitted free of duty under such regula-
tions as the Secretary of the Treasury may
prescribe, and without requiring the filing o
a declaration at the time ot export ot intent „o
return the same empty. .
The fourth section provides that i°reig 
chandise which arrived at a portof the: Urne
States on or before the 31st of July, 1872, but
upon which duties were not paid prior to
August 1, 1872, though the same was ndt
entered or transferred to a public store or
bonded warehouse, shall be entitled to the
benefits provided for in a section oi the act ,
entitled "An act. to reduce duties on imports ,
and to reduce internal taxes, and for other i
purposes," approved June 6,1872, the same as ,
FISHERIES.
The House then resumed the consideration
of House bill No. 488, to carry into effectthe
provisions of the treaty between the United
States and Great Britain signed in the city of
Washington the 8th of May, 1871, relating to
fisheries.
The SPEAKER. The question is on the
motion to recommit the bill with the pending
amendment.
Mr. BANKS. I will say that the amend-
ment moved by my colleague [Mr. Buffin-
tos] is agreed to by the Committee on For-
eign Affairs.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. 1 ask my
colleague [Mr. Banks] to agree to substitute
the word "October" for "Juiy," so that this
bill will go into effect after the Geneva award
has been paid.
Mr. BANKS. I would be glad to do that
if I could, but I learn from the State Depart-
ment that the 1st of July is as late as this
can with propriety be deferred.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I want
to have it framed as to do the least damage to
the country.
Mr. BANKS. I now withdraw the motion
to recommit.
The SPEAKER. The amendment of the
gentleman from Massachusetts |_Mr. Boffin-
tox] will be considered as agreed to, if there
be no objection.
No objection was made, and the amendment
was accordingly adopted.
Mr. BANKS. I now call the previous ques;
tion on the engrossment and third reading of
the bill. , ...
Mr. HOLMAN. 1 ask that the bill as
amended be now read.
The bill as amended was then read, as
follows:
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Represent-
ative* of the United States of America in. Oowmx
assembled, That whenever the President ot the
United States shall receive satisfactory evidence
that the imperial Parliament of Great Britain, the
Parliament of Canada, and the Legislature of Prince
Edward's Island have passed laws «n
sive full effect to the provisions "' the treaty
between the United States aivd^reatBritwn signed
at the city of Washington on the Sih day of May,
1871, as contained in articles eighteen to twenty-
five inclusive, and article thirty of said treaty,
he is hereby authorized to issue his Proclamation
declaring that he has such evidence, and thereupon,
from the date of such proclamation, and so long^as
the said articles eighteen to twenty-five, inclusive,
and article thirty of said treaty shall remain in
force according to the terms and conditions of article
thirty-three of said treaty, all fish oil and fish of all
kind® (except fish of the inland lakes and of the
rivers falling into them, and except fish Preserved
fn oil) Being the produce of the fisheries ot the
m ou,; o j or 0f prinee Edward s Island,
the United States free of
imperilr^ariiament shafl'pass the necessary laws
for that purpose, the above enumerated articles,
being the produce of the fisheties of the colony of
Newfoundland, shall be admitted into the tinted
States fwo Iof duty, from and after the data of a
proclamation by the President of the Urnted States
fiSirm" that lie bus satisiactory evidence that Uic
v*id' colony of Newfoundland lias consented, in t
of the said treaty extended to it, and to allow the
United States the full benefits of all the stipulations
therein contained, and shall be so admitted free
of doty, so long as the said articles, eighteen to
twenty-five, inclusive, and article thirty, of said
treaty, shall remain in force, according to the terms
and conditions of article thirty-three of said treaty.
Sec. 3. That from the date of the President's proc-
lamation authorized by the first section ot* this act,
and so long as the articles eighteen to twenty-
five, inclusive, and article thirty, of said treaty,
shall remain in force, according to the terms and
conditions of article thirty-three of said treaty, all
goods, wares, or merchandise arriving at the ports of
New York, Boston, and Portland,and any other ports
in the United States which have been, or may, from
time to time, be, specially designated by the Presi-
dent of the United States and destined for her
Britannic Majesty's possessions in North America,
may be entered at the proper custom-house and
conveyed in transit, without the payment of duties,
through the territory of the United States, under
such rules, regulations, and conditions for the pro-
tection of the revenue as the Secretary of the Treas-
ury may, trom time time, prescribe; and, under like
rules, regulations, and conditions, goods, wares, or
merchandisemay be conveyed in transit, without the
payment of duties, from such possessions, through
the territory of the United States, for export from
the said ports of tho United States.
Sec. 4. That from the date of the President's procla-
mation, authorized by the first section of this act,
and so long as articles eighteen to twenty-five,
inclusive, and article thirteen, of said treaty, shall
remain iu force, according to the terras and condi-
tions of article thirty-three of said treaty, all sub-
jects of her Britannic Majesty tnay carry in British
vessels, without payment of duty, goods, wares, or
merchandise from one port or place within the
territory of the United States, upon the St. Law-
rence, the great lakes and the rivers connecting the
same, to another port or place witbin the territory
of the United States, as aforesaid : Provided, i hata
portion ofsuch transportation is made through the
Dominion of Canada by land carriage and in bond,
under such rules and regulations as may be agreed
upon between theUovernmentofher Britannic Ma-
jesty and the GovernmentoftheUnited State?: And .
provided further, That the President oi the United
States may, by proclamation, suspend the right ot
carrying provided for by this section, in case the
Dominion of Canada should at any time deprive the
citizens of the United States of tbe use of the canals
in said Dominion on terms of equality with the in-
habitants of the Dominion, as provided in article
twenty-seven of said treaty: Andprooidedfurther,
That iii case any exportorotherduty continues to be
levied after the 16th day of June, 1872, oil lumber or
timberof any kind cut on that portion of the Amer-
ican territory in tbe State of Maine watered by the
river St. John and its tributaries, and floated down
thatriver to the sea, when the satn* is shaped to the
United States from the province of New Brunswick,
that then, and in that case, the President of the
United States may, by proclamation,, suspend all
rights of carrying provided for by this section for
such period as such export or other duty may be
Sec.* 5. That this act shall not take effect until
the 1st day of July, A. D. 1873, and shal  not apply
to any article of merchandise therein mentioned
which shall be held in bond on that day by the cus-
toms officers ofthe United States.
The question was upon ordering the pre-
vious question on the engrossment and third
reading of the bill.
Mr. CONGER. I move that the House
adjourn.
The question being put, the Speaker de-
clared that the "noes" appeared to prevail.
Mr. CONGER. I call for the yeas and
nays. I want to say 
The SPEAKER. The question of ordering
the yeas and nays is not open to debate.
Mr. CONGER. I would like to ask a ques-
tion of the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Basks.] Does not this bill make the
whole shipping of our lakes subject
Mr. BANKS. After the previous question
is ordered I will give gentlemen opposed to
this bill one half the hour that will then
remain for discussion.
Mr. CONGER. Very well; with that
understanding I withdraw the call tor the
yeas and nays. .
The SPEAKER. The motion to adjourn
is not agreed to.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I rise to
a point of order. This bill being taken up
under a suspension of the rules, will nay cot-
league [Mr. Basks] be entitled to the floor ?
The SPEAKER. Certainly.
Mr. BU l'LER, of Massachusetts. He does
not report the bill.
The SPEAKER. The House by a suspen-
