]873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
703
On motion of Mr. ALCORN, it was
Remlved, That the Senate insist upon theiramend-
ments to the said bill, disagreed to by the House of
Representatives, and agree to the conference asked
by the House on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses thereon.
By unanimous consent, it was
Ordered, That the conferees on the part of the
Senate be appointed by the Vice President.
The VICE PRESIDENT appointed Mr.
Morkill of Vermont, Mr. Alcorn, and Mr.
Stockton.
HOBSE BILLS REFERRED.
The bill (H. R. No. 3443) for the relief of
Edmund Jussen was read twice by its title,
and referred to the Committee on Finance.
The bill (H. R. No. 3520) to amend certain
provisions of the pension laws was read twice
by its title, and referred to the Committee on
Pensions. vessels at war.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning
business is now concluded. If there be no
objection, the hour of one o'clock will be re-
garded as having arrived. It is so ordered;
and the unfinished business is the bill called
up on Friday evening by a vote of the Senate,
being the bill (H. R. No, 3010) to authorize
the construction of six steam vessels of war,
and for other purposes; but the Chair desires
to state that last week the Senator from Min-
nesota [Mr. Ramsey] gave notice that to-day
he would ask the Senate to take up the bill in
regard to the postal telegraph, so called, and
the Senator from Mississippi [Mr. Aixokn]
asked that to-morrow he might submit some
remarks on the subject of levees, the Chair
thinks ; but the unfinished business is the bill
in regard to sloops of war that was taken op by
the Senate on Friday last, and the htrar of one
o'clock having now by general consent arrived,
that bill is before the Senate.
Mr. CRAGIN. I ask for the reading of the
bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will read the bill and also the amendment
reported by the Committee on Naval Affairs.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (H. R. No. 3010)
to authorize the construction of six steam ves-
sels of war, and for other purposes.
The bill was reported from the Committee
on Naval Affairs with an amendment in the
nature of a substitute.
The amendment of the committee was to
strike out all after the enacting clause in the
following words:
That the Secretary of the Navy be authorized to
construct six steam vessels of war, each carrying not
exceeding ten guns of large caliber; the hulls to be
built of iron or wood, as the Secretary may decide:
Provided, That not less than three of said vessels
shall be constructed in private yards in the United
States, undercontraet. Andthemodels,plans,speci-
fications, and estimates for the aforesaid vessels shall
be procured from naval or civil marine architects,
subject to public competition ana for saitablestipu-
lated rewards, upon advertisement; all of which
shall be submitted to a board of naval officers for
approval and adoption, under the direction of the
Secretary of the Navy. And after the models, plans,
specifications, and estimates, which may be a com-
bination of the best features of any or all the plans
submitted, or any one of them entire, have been
approved and adopted by the aforesaid board, and
approved by the Secretary, he may proceed to con-
tract, under proper advertisements, for the con-
struction of the aforesaid vessels, with the lowest
responsible bidder, who will give proper security for
the faithful fulfillment of the contract in each case;
the vessels to be built according to the models,
plans, specifications, and estimates approved ana
adopted as hereinbefore provided for; Provided,
That the cost shall not exceed the estimates ap-
proved by the aforesaid board: And provided fur-
ther, That the Secretary of the Navy shall, as soon
as practicable, after the completion of said vessels,
make a report of the relative cost of those vessels
made of iron with those of wood, and tie compara-
tive advantages of each, after experimental test;
also, the difierence in oost of those constructed m
private ship-yards as compared with those con-
structed in Government ship-yards: And provided,
further. That no contract or order for construction
shall be made untiituli detailed estimates have been
submitted to Congress and appropriation made
therefor.
And to insert in lieu thereof the following :
That the Secretary of the Navy bo authorized to
construct ten steam vessels of war with auxiliary
sail power, and of such class or classes as, in bis
judgment, will best subserve the demands of the
service, each carrying Bix or more guns of lai ge
caliber; the hulls to be built of iron or wood, as the
Secretary may determine: Provided, Thataportion
of said vessels shall be built, in whole or in part, in
private yards, upon contract with the lowest re-
sponsible bidder therefor, upon public competition
and proposals, due notice thereof being given by
advertisement, upon plans and specifications fur-
nished by the Navy Department and under its
direction and supervision, if, upon full examination
and consideration, the same shall be deemed prac-
ticable by the Secretary of the Navy; or the hulls
of any portion of said vessels may be built upon
private contract in the fiovernmeot yards upon like
proposals, plans, specifications, and supervision, and
upon like examination and consideration, the Gov-
ernment furnishing materials therefor.
Mr. CRAGIN. Mr. President, I shall feel
great regret if the consideration of this bill
shall occupy any considerable time of the
Senate. I am sure if the whole Sepate under-
stood the reasons and the necessity for the
passage of the bill as do the members of the
Committee on Naval Affairs, it would pass
before the clock could measure the next hoar.
The amendment reported by the Committee
on Naval Affairs is substantially the same as
the bill reported by the Committee on Naval
Affairs in the House of Representatives. It
provides for building ten steam vessels of war
with auxiliary sail power, of such class or
classes as the Secretary may determine, and
it provides that a portion of these vessels may
be built by private contract, if the Secretary
in his discretion shall think that the interests
of the Government will be subserved by so
doing.
The purpose of the bill is to do something
to increase our naval marine. The intention
is to build tea small vessels of war. It is
understood that about six of these vessels will
be from five hundred to seven hundred tons,
or of what is known as the Nipsie class; two
of them perhaps of the Oneida class, of about
one thousand tons; and two of them of the
Hartford class, of about two thousand tons.
It is not the purpose to build up a large navy,
but to preserve the semblance of a very small
one.
The ten vessels contemplated by this bill
will not altogether exceed about ten thousand
tons, or about equal to two of the largest ves-
sels of the English navy. England adds to
her naval marine about twenty thousand tons
annually, while we have been losing at the
rate of ten thousand tons annually for the last
eight years. Congress has not authorized the
construction of a single vessel of war during
the last eight years except two torpedo-boats,
which were authorized for experimental pur-
poses. A circumstance of this kind has not
happened before since the foundation of our
Government, that in eight years' time not a
single vessel of war has been authorized to be
built by the United States.
At the breaking out of the rebellion we had
ninety vessels of war, and among them sixty-
nine were reckoned as available. Mr. Secre-
tary Welles, in his report of July 4,1861, states
these facts. He says:
"The total number of vessels In the Havy of all
classes on the 4th of March was ninety, carrying, or
designed to carry, about twenty-four hundred and
fifteen guns. Excluding vessels on the stocks, those
unfinished, those used as stationary store ships and
reoeiving ships and those considered inexpedient to
repair, the available force was ninety-nine vessels
carrying thirteen hundred and forty-six guns.
It is well known that during the war of the
rebellion we built many vessels of war, but it
is also well known that a large number of
those vessels were wholly unlit for general
service, as they were built for special service,
for river and harbor service. It is also well
known that the Government purchased a large
number of merchant vessels during that war,
which were fit oniy for transports, for watching
and chasing blockade-runners, and guarding
our coast generally. Since the close of the
war nearly all of those merchant vessels pur-
chased for the use of the Navy have disap-
peared. They were either captured or lost
during the war, transferred to the Army, or
have since been sold ; so that Mr. Welles, in
the report whieh he made to Congress in 1868,
reported that only thirty-seven of those vessels
were then in service. But thirty-seven of
nearly five hundred merchant vessels pur-
chased during the war for the use of the Navy
were in service in 1868. As I remarked, a
large number of the vessels that were built
during the war were not designed for ocean
service, and are now of no use or of s arcely
any use whatever as sea-going vessels.
I wish now briefly to call the attention of
the Senate to the condition of the Navy as it
stands. The Secretary of the Navy, in his
last annnal report, sent to Congress a short
time ago, informs us that—
"The Navy of the United States numbers 178
vessels, carrying 1,378 guns, exclusive of howitzers.
68 steamers, 31 sailing vessels, SI iron-clads. and
28 tugs."
But among all these vessels I assert here
to-daj that there are only fifty-six which are
available, or thirteen less than there were at
the breaking out of the rebellion. Among
them are fifty-two iron-clads, which are use-
ful only for harbor and river defense, and not
ocean-going vessels at all, and nearly all of
them are so decayed and out of repair that
they are unfit for repairs and even for harbor
defense. Among all these vessels there are
forty-four steamers which are considered as
available; that is, vessels whieh are now in
commission and whieh may be repaired;
forty-fonr steamers and twelve sailing vessels,
making fifty-six in all. These sailing vessels are
of very little use for cruising purposes. They
may be used to advantage in some ways, but
they are not specially useful for the purposes
for which we need vessels at the present time.
The great need of the Navy at the present
time is an increase of vessels, and especially
of small vessels, of the character I have indi-
cated. We have some very good vessels in-
deed of the larger class, like the Wabash, the
Hartford, and the Brooklyn; but they are too
large, being between two and three thousand
tons burden. We need smaller vessels, in
order that we may economize in the number
of men employed upon the vessels and econ-
omize in the expense of running those vessels.
Mr. President, it is a fact that at the present
time the Secretary of the Navy finds it very
difficult to obtain vessels enough to supply our
foreign stations, to meet the wants of com-
merce by cruising in foreign seas, for the pur-
pose of protecting the rights and interests of
American citizeus and of showing the flag in
foreign ports. The Secretary, in his report of
this year, remarks;
"To spend money in the constant endeavor to
keep these ships afloat"—
the sixty-six to which I have referred—
"is the most expensive way of maintaining a navy,
since constantly increasing expenditure is answered
by constantly decreasing results of good. It would
be the wisest economy at once to afford the means
and the authority to build a number of small,
active cruisers, of live oak or of iron, which, adapted
to the duties and the means of oar navy in times
of peace, and fitted with the more modern and eco-
nomical machinery which has succeeded that in use
at the commeneemeot of the decade, could be main-
tained and employed with more effeet, and, for some
years, with comparatively little expense for repairs.
"The suhiect has been constantly (>ressed upon
the attention of Congress, and I again repeat it,
because I am constantly warned, as ship after ship is
withdrawn from active service and iaid up without
hope of usefulness in the future, that the limit of
our old resources is being rapidly reached, aud that
without new material our active force on the seve-
ral stations must rapidly decrease, until our cruising
Iiavv will in a few years pass almost entirely away.
It is with a view to increase our naval ma-
rine to some extent that the Committee on
Naval Affairs of the Senate, and also of the
House, have felt it to be their duty to bring
forward this bill and to urge its passage.
As I remarked before, the passage of this
bill will only add about ten thousand tons to
our naval marine; bat it will add ten vessels,
mostly of the smaller class; so that we can
send them into harbors and up rivers where
