704
THE.. 0©MaBESSI0MAL. GLOBE
January 20,
vessels of larger capacity and larger draught
cannot go. •
It seems to me, Mr. President, that very
little needs to ,be said on this subject. Con-
sidering the extreme poverty of our naval
marine, it seems to me that Congress will at
once vote to pass this bill. We ar.e.all'aware
thatiarge sums of money were spent daring
the war for naval purposes, as also for the
Army, and it may be admitted that mistakes
were made daring that time in the construction
of vessels ; but we all know that that must be
put down as part .of the price of saving the
natipn's life. There was no time then for
mature deliberation, and things were done in
haste, .and sometimes mistakes were made.
As I remarked before, Congress has not
authorized the building of a single ship during
the past eight years. During the four years of
Buchanan's administration Congress author-
ized, the building of twenty-seven vessels,,of
wari and' some of'the vessels built at that time
are among the very best in the service, as
the Hartford, the Lancaster, and the others
of that class. Congress annually authorized
the building "of vessels during those years, khd
as 1 have before mc the laws that were passed
on. those 'occasions, perhaps it" will not be
improper if I read them. In 1857 Congress
enacted:
"That the Secretary of the Navy lie, and he is
hereby, authorizes! to cause to be'constructed for the
United States Navy, at as early a day as practicable
consistent with a due regard for economy and effi-
ciency, five sloops of ivav, to be provided with §cre*v
propellers,-and properly armed and equipped for
service j said vessels ana machinery to oe built by
contract or in the Government navy-yards, as the
Secretary of the Navy'may think most advisable for
the public interest; and that there be, and is
hereby, appropriated, to be expended under'the
direction of the Secretary of the Navy, for tho pur-
pose above specified, tho sum of $1,000,000, oat of aiiy
money in theTreasury not otherwise appropriated."
This law is almost exactly like the bill now
pefiding. Then, ih 1858, the year after, Con
gress enacted— - ' '
" That the Secretary of tho Navy cause to be eoiw
structed, as speedily as may bo consistent with the
pviblio interests, seven steam screw sloops of war,with
full steam-power, whose greatest" draught of water
shan not exceed fourteen feet; which ships shall
combine the heaviest armament and greatest speed
compatible with their 'character ami tonnage; and
one side-wheel war steamer, whosegroatestdraught
shall not exceed eight feet, armed and provided for
service in tho China seas; and that there be. and is
hereby, appropriated, to be expended under the
direction of tho Secretary of tho Navy, for the pur-
pose above spooi'ticd, the sum of 51,200,000, outof any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated."
And in February, 1801, Congress passed
another act:
"That the Secretary of, the Navy bo, and ho is
hereby, authorized to causo to be constructed for
the United States Navy, at as early a day as practi-
cable, having due regard to etlieioney and cconomy,
seven steam screw sloops of war, of the second class,
as vessels are rated in tho Navy, with full steam-
power, whose greatest draught of water shall not
exceed fourteen feet, which sloops shall combine
the heaviest armament and greatest speed com-
patible with thoir character and tonnage; and for
the purpose above'specified tho sum of SI,200,000 bo,
and the samo is hereby, appropriated, out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated,
to ho expended under the direction of the Secretary
of the Navy."
Those were the three acts passed during
Mr.' Buchanan's administration, adding, with
seven vessels that were purchased during that
administration, twenty-seven vessels to the
Navy of the United States.
It has frequently been stated, and I have
myself repeated the remark, that Secretary
Toucey at the breaking out of the rebellion
sent the ships of the United States into foreign
seas in order that they might not be used
against the rebellion. I have stated that ray-
self^ fully believiug it was true; but the in-
vestigation I have made during the considera-
tion of this bill has convinced me that I was
wrong in that statement. I find no evidence
whatever to justify it. I find that Secretary
Toucey was a faithful Secretary of the Navy so
far as caring for the interest of that service
was concerned, and at the breaking out of the
rebellion there were probably as many naval
of war in the ports of the United
States as there are to-day, and if we should
to-day be called upon to furnish vessels of war,
as we were in 1861, I apprehend that we should
be even in a worse condition than we were
then. To avoid that, and to do something in
order that our Navy may be simply respecta-
ble, we ask for the passage of this bill. '. „
It is absolutely necessary that this bill, shall
be passed in order that we may maintain, not
a large navy, but a small one; that we may
make a beginning; and I hope, if this bill shall
pass, that Congress at its subsequent sessions
will authorize the building of other vessels to
take the place of those which are now rapidly
decaying and will soon pass away. Most of the
vessels built by the Government during the
late war wpre built of white oak,,and green at
that, and many of them have decayed and gone
out of existence. Many <)f those thatare re-
maining are not fit for repairs," and it is in fhe
interest of the Government, it is in the interest
of economy, that we add now some flew vessels j
sotD'e new .material, to our" naval marine. *
. I 'h<?£ieye, Mr. President, I will say ncfnjqr^
on .the subject at thq pr<jsent'tim§.' , •'
' Mr, HAMILTON, of Maryland. Mr." Pres:
ident, the bill now under consideration is a
bill from the House of Representatives, au-
thorizing, the Secretary of the Navy to con-
struct six steam vessels of war, each carrying
not exceeding six guns of large caliber. This
bill has been reported back to the Senate by
the Committee on Naval Affairs, with an
amendment,'which proposes to authorize the
Secretary of the. Navy-to, build, instead of six
vessels,' as provided for by the bill from the
Ho'use, ten steam' vessels with auxiliary sail
power, and pf such classes'as he in his judg-
ment shall deem proper for the service, with
this one limitation to his discretion, that each
shall not carry less than six guna of large cal-
iber. I am .opposed, 5jlr., President, to the ,bill
as it originally came from the House of Rep-
resentatives. I am opposed to the amend-
ment proposed to it by the Committee "on
Naval Affairs of this body as in every respect
still more objectionable to me than .the ori-
ginal "bill; and with the indulgence of the Sen-
ate, I will -proceed to submit some remarks,
giving some reasons which impel me to oppose
this whole measure, both in substance and in
detail. We had, sir, five fltjets afloat and in
active service year before last.
1. The North Atlantic fleet, numbering five
vessels and twenty-nine guns. ■
2. The South Atlantic, numbering four
vessels and thirty-seven guns.
3. The European, numbering seven vessels
and one hundred and twenty-three guns.
4. The Pacific, numbering nine vessels and
ninety-nine guns.
5. The Asiatic, numbering eight vessels and
ninety-seven guns.
Besides we had six vessels, carrying forty-
six guns, on detached service. All these vessels
were upon duty, in active service.
And then, in addition, we had fifty-three
iron clads carrying guns.' Of these eleven were
either unfinished, on the stocks, or being re-
paired, and thirty-eight are laid up at different
points along the coast.
With this exhibit of onr naval condition,
and with the knowledge that peace prevails
everywhere, and in conjunction with the feet,
of which we are all well satisfied, that there is
security for us everywhere, it is. now proposed
to build, as by the bill passed by the House,
six, and as by the amendment submitted to
the Senate by the Committee on Naval Affairs,
ten new vessels of war, and thus to this extent
increase our regular naval establishment.
The necessity or even a fair reason for it, with
all the consideration I have been able to give
it, I have bo far failed to apprehend.
The expenditures during the last fiscal year,
endtDg June 80, 1872, for the support of the
naval establishment were $21,249,809. This
large sum of money—a sum of money which
even so,late as Mr. Polk's administration car-
ried the whole Government for a year in all
its Departments, including every expenditure
for .every branch of the ordinary service—I
repeat, this large sum is expended in the sup-
port of an establishment. which, I often hear
asserted is no establishment at all, or one not
worthy .of the nama I- hear friends of this
increase of the Navy declaim about its weak-
ness, its inefficiency because of its weakness;
and, ever lamenting its decrepitude, seem
to fear its,.approaching annihilation by the
neglect of the'country. All this sounds curious
to' me, and must appear strange to those who
in the general conduct of things do expect
something to compensate for so great an ex-
penditure of -money. In these days of large
sums, of individual wealth and of corporate
riches, -this sum- may not so forcibly strike
those who may be in the very whirl of enorm-
ous acquisition or of profligate speculation ;
but still it" does- seem to me that it ought to
have some effective influence upon the com-
mon mind.; - :
: • Reasonittg froii effect tocause, or from re-
sults to the ifleans," we wbuld rationally con-
clude, that as thfe &xf>ehsfes of' the N avy for
the past-fiscal year are so1 much greater than
for any single year before the late1 civil war,
that in tha't proportion the Navy would be so
much'the stronger, in so much, better condi-
tion, and iii every respect u'pori a- better footing
thau it evei- was, before the civil waj; or if we
do not conclude this,' there is but One other
conclusion-, and that is that this branch of the
'servicers demoralized with other branches of
the service-, and that there is a profligate and
criminal waste of the public money. But I
am hot"- disposed to believe this; but would
rather inffer, as the logical deduction of this
greater expenditure of money'in support of
the service than- at-any time before the late
civil war, that'the''N:avy is in-a better condi-
tion than it ever w^s. before, stronger than it
everwas before, larger;than it ever was before,
and, as I thinky too large: yet for any service
that the country now requires, or, as the prob-
abilities'iiidic'ate, may -require for a long time
to come,-and, as I hope,"forever;
" _ The-largest- expenditure'for the naval ser-
vice for anjr-one year during the last war with
Great 'Britain was $8-660,000, and the largest
■for aby ion-e year during the Mexican war was
$9,786,705. The whole aggregate expenditure
for the naval e-st&btisbnUnt' for the lour years
1812, 181®, 1814-, and 1816, which begun and
ended the war with Great Britain, was but
$26,876,262; and for the years 1846'and 1847,
being the two years in which we were engaged in
in war with Mexico, and when we had squad-
rons and vessels operating on all her coasts,
both 'oh the Atlantic and Pacific, the Whole
aggregate expenditure for this service was but
$17,309,111. Here are two wars, and the cost
of our naval service during both. Compare
figures. . War, .with its extraordinary expenses
and with its incidental waste, at times unavoid-
able, compare the figures coantjed up in these
times of peace. Put these war. figures against
our peace figures,-and how do they address our
judgment?
Now we.arein a state of profound peace,
lhere is not a single hostile gun required any-
where upon the habitable globe for our pro-
tection, or if we should desire to be aggressive
there is not one required to redress a single
wrong committed by any one 6n earth upon
us. And yet what.do we see? We see the
enormous expenditure mounting'$22,000,000
for the naval service only for the past fiscal
year, being $5,000,00.0 more than was ex-
pended for the service -in the two years' war
Vith Mexico, and but $6,000,000 more than
■was expended during the whole four years of
war with Great Btitain. The Navy mu-st now
be, looking at the annual expenditures as the
criterion which may measurably'keep"'tt8 right-
in a better condition, 'stronger and larger than
at either of those periods 5 or there is some*
