1878.
TUB CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
705
thing rotten in its whole organization. If the
former, and I believe so, then I want no more
ships; if the latter, I say stop unj.il the service
is reorganized and purified.
The closing year of Mr. Fillmore's adminis-
tration—that is, from June 30, 1851, to June
30, 1852—the whole cost of the naval estab-
lishment was but $8,918,842. For the fiscal
year ending June 30, 1861., the whole cost was
$11,514,049.
Then, Mr. President, let us take the expend-
itures by decades for this service:
1800   $3,448,716 03
1810  1,051,214 20
1820  4,337,9<X) 00
1830   3,239.428 63
1840  6,113,896 ©
1850-51     7,yU4,724 Oti
1860-61 ;. 11.su.&w 83
1870-71 21,780,229 87
We observe here that for the first five de-
cades, fifty years, the expenditures just about
doubled themselves. In the last decade they
■were doubled; that is, from $11,514,049 m
1860-61 to §21,780,229 in 1870-71 ; and not-
withstanding all this extraordinary expenditure
of money for its support, it is said that the
Navy is in a feeble condition; that practically
we have none worthy of the name, or, in other
words, that the money we spend so lavishly,
and which in its very amount ought to be suf-
ficient when properly expended to maiutaiu a
respectable naval establishment, is lost to us;
and we heedlessly propose under this bill to
increase oui now swollen expenditures.
Mr. President, iei me take again the net
ordinary expenditures of the Government for
the support of all branches of the service,
including, as they dp, the civil list, foreign
intercourse, miscellaneous, (a term now too
common in financial reports, and which has
become so comprehensive as an item in our
expenditures as to overshadow all others, as an
illustration wilt show by the simple statement
of the fact that under this bead, that means
anything or everything, there was expended in
1793, $24,709 46, and in 1871-72 the modest
sum of $42,958,329 08,) the military service,
pensions, Indians, and naval establishment;
and we find these facts: that from General
Washington's administration, inclusive, down
to the year 1836, with the exception of the
years in which we were involved in war with
Great Britain, and one other year, 1833, the
whole aggregate annual ordinary expenses of
the Government for all brauches of the service
never exceeded the expenditures for the naval
establishment alone for the past year; and
even the largest expenditures of one of the
excepted years of the war with Great Britain,
the year 1814, for all branches of the service
for that year, including, of course, the Army and
the Navy, and when armies were afoot every-
where iu the field, engaged in active hostilities
with both the British and Indians, and our
ships on every sea, were only $30,127,080 38;
being but $9,000,000 more for the support of
the whole Government for that year of war
than it now takes to maintain the Navy alone.
And we must not forget, too, that during all
this time we were in trouble both at home and
abroad. For a large portion of the time we
had an Indian frontier extending from Georgia
to Canada. Along this whole border there
were large, brave, and often hostile tribes.
Besides our commercial relations were always
in serious complications with the belligerent
nations of Europe, engaged in an almost con-
tinuous war from 1789 to 1816; our commerce
became the prey of both England and France,
and growing out of it was our quasi war with
1 ranee in 1800, and our late war with Great
Britain; and then, too, wehad our troubles with
the Barbary Powers to relieve ourselves from
the tribute exacted by them upon our com-
merce in the Mediterranean sea, and which
was secured by active hostilities against them.
So that during all this trying and important
period of our national existence, with all the
trials and embarrassments which the extra-
Coxu. on Sess.—No. 45,
ordinary condition of the civilized world then
cast around us, with war at home and war
abroad, with armies in the field and navies
upon the seas, our ancestors, with that spirit
of economy, frugality, and provident fore-
thought, carried the country safely through all,
and that too with an expenditure, that now
rather excites the ridicule than receives the
applause of this reckless age of extravagance.
. President, there is a philosophy and ^
logic in ail this I admit: that our ancestors,
having no pride to gratify or vain ambition to
exalt in large military and naval establishments,
and imbued with a discriminating patriotism
that distrusted both, and being with all com-
paratively poor and feeble, there was nothing
to induce them to meddle in European affairs;
while the very condition of Europe at the time
inspired the establishment of that great, wise,
and beneficent American policy which incul-
cated peace, commerce, and friendship with
all nations, entangling alliances with none.
It was in our very weakness that we found
our strength. To our prudeutial economy,
our plain republican simplicity, our fear of
large armaments, whether naval or military,
our jealous regard for the supremacy of the
civil power, and our constant apprehension of
the military as manifested in our early his-
tory in our efforts to control it, we owe more
than anything beside for our trie greatness as
a country and for our power and resources as a
people.
Mr. President, I have failed to discover any
good or satisfactory reason for this proposed
increase of the Navy; and is there one? I
know there are many given; but is there a
sound, substantial reason for any of it when
we consider what the well-settled American
policy is in regard to her armaments, and what
our physical, moral, and political relations are
with other nations ?
Let me call for a moment the attention of
the Senate, in this connection, to what I have
denominated a well-settled American policy.
It is this : that we are not to rival European
nations in the magnitude of their armies and
navies; that their military and naval estab-
lishments, however large they may be, is not
any reason for us to imitate them by creatiug
like large establishments. We have eschewed
their political institutions, and with them all
their incidents like large armies and navies.
If we desire now to ingraft upon our policy
the very worst features in European politics in
the shape of large armies and navies, we had
just as well take her institutions and in their
worst features in other respects; for the per-
manent establishment of an Army and Navy to
compare at all with that of the leading nations
of Europe is the death-knell of American lib-
erty, and at once converts our Government
into a despotism that will rank with the worst
ou earth.
Is it contemplated that we are to begin a
career in which we are to rival the fleets of
England or France? England had last year
fifty-two iron-clads, thirty of which carried
from ten to twenty-six guns; France had forty-
five irou-clads, of which thirty-nine carried
from eight to fifty-two guns. Are we to catch
up and then keep pace with them? I admit
there is a squint toward it in the amendment
proposed to tha original bill; but no such
thing is avowed. If there is any such design,
if there be a purpose to abandon the old Amer-
ican policy, it ought to be known ; the people
should know it; it would be one of the grave
departures of the day from a traaitional policy,
and one, too, for which there would be no
excuse or palliation, though such a depattare
might be considered a very fit climax to crown
the many subversions of correct principles and
sound policy which have characterized our day.
Never bei'ore was such a policy as this enter-
tained ; never before did a statesman of any
standing demand in any way compet'nion in
this respect with European Powers. Never 1
Our Republican fathers had a wholesome dread
of naval and military establishments. While
they felt that they were as a consuming fire
upon the substance of the people, at the same
time that they were ituatieal to and inconsist-
ent with our republican institutions and form
of government. Ihe United Spates was purely
a continental Power, and being separated from
the strifes and complications of European pol-
itics it was determined in our earlier counsels
that we should remain so insulated. After the
experience which we bad growing out of oar
first treaty with France, by which she guaran-
tied oar independence and we her possessions
everywhere, and after getting out of it the best
way we could, we were ever after careful to
abstain from any such entangling alliances,
The purposes of our Government and people
were_ fixed to cut loose entirely from European
politics—from its msti tut ions, its practices, a$d
its policies. Erecting a standard of our own,
one consonant with free institutions and a re-
publican form of government, and determined
to keep them pure and undefiled by having no
other than friendly relations with all nations, if
possible, we est ablished that policy of peace that
has so distinguished us in our uational exist-
ence. Therefore we were logically against
large armies and navies, against the expend-
itures incident to their creation, and against
the dangerous influences that naturally at-
tend their existence. There have been many
bad things done within the last decade, many
bad acts done which we can pronounce with
all the force that language can do as anti-
American ; but to reverse our policy in this
respect, by which we are to compete with
European Powers in the size of our armies and
navies, or eitner, would be as anti-American
as the trial of citizens by military commis-
sion, the suspension of the writ of habeas
corpus, or forcing pictured paper-upon the peo-
ple as and for money; and what is true in fact,
as the experience of ail nations testify, that
these three things are the natnral progeny or
inevitable concomitants of large military estab-
lishments. Let us do many things that may
be unwise, foolish, or even criminal, but let
us never depart from the cherished American
policy of peace and of peace establishments.
I do not like to hear of the prodigious naval
and military -armaments of Europe, and espe-
cially do I not like to be referred to them as
examples to be followed by us. It does noth-
ing but bring to mind the wars, the wrongs,
the cruelties the poor people of Europe have
suffered and the taxes they have endured.
The bloody procession of war is made to pass
before yoa in one almost uninterrupted march
from the most distant period of antiquity down
to the present period of time, and in segre-
gating each event how few in all occurring
continually in all these ages, had real right
involved, and were not the lamentable results
of the ambition of man and of his selfish
desire for personal aggrandizement. Alex-
ander, C-tesar, and Bonaparte are but the lead-
ing representative men of a whole class which
have in all ages deluged the earth with blood,
and with no more elevated aims or loftier
ambition than inspired either of these renowned
historical characters.
It is said, Mr. President, that iu " times of
peace prepare for war.'' Whenever it is pro-
posed to reduce the Army or Navy, or increase
both or cither, this is cited as a conclusive ar-
gument against the former or in favor of the
latter. It is regarded as one of the wise
maxims of the age by those who want large
military establishments, and it ha  been used
by great men, in some sense, I admit, but who
nevertheless never favored large armaments.
The military interest and those in the in-
terests of war seize it and use it to alarm the
people into supporting large armaments. 1
would, in the interest of peace and of peace-
ful pursuits, use it and apply it to a far differ-
ent purpose. I would diminish standing
armies and navies ; instead of soldiers, make
them citizens; instead of being consumers and
