1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
heavier metal and throw more weight in shot
and shell. Then, why the building of these
vessels when we have some upon the stocks,
others laid up, and more than enough in
aci ive service for the real wants of the country 1
Why the large squadron in the Mediterranean
ocean or on the European coast, unless it be,
as it appears to be now with the squadron in
that sea, to change ''grim visaged War" into the
more pleasant amenities of peace by convert-
ing our splendid ships of war into floating pal-
aces of peace, for the enjoyment of munificent
entertainments and varied social amusements?
About sixty years ago we had Preble there to
settle with Algiers the tribute money oar com-
merce then paid. Since then that sea has
been as safe and as peaceful as the Potomac
flowing at the foot of this Capitol bill, and a
fleet is no more needed there, to protect your
commerce than it is here within sight of this
Capitol. The people along the shores of that
sea are more interested in its security than
we are, and are more certain to make it
secure ; and so with the whole European coast.
We should understand that those people are
as tnucli interested in keeping the peace
along their shores as we are, and are able to
do it, and do it without our assistance. But
let us keep our own waters in the. same good
condition as we kuow they are, and all is well.
Ascribe something to other people while we
do for ourselves. The Gulf and South At-
lantic, about sixty years ago, were infested
by pirates; now all their waters areas safe as
those of New York. Everywhere upon the
high seas property is safer than upon land
anywhere. Why our large squadrons in the 1
North and South Atlantic, what is their ser- '
vice? in fact, wlm is their service anywhere? ■
Is there any reasonable prospect of their doing
anything more than now? There is none!
They are sufficiently large and ac'.ive now for
all peaceful purposes; not probably to lake
possession of San Domingo, or Cuba, or the
islands of the Gulf or the Pacific, or doing
other like acts of conquest or acquisition ; but
for our commerce and our people, when en-
gaged in lawful pursuits, the Navy is, I again
assert, more than sufficient, and instead of
looking to an increase we ought rather look
to a reduction of it. We are now relieved
from keeping up a fleet of not less than eighty
guns on the coast of Africa, under treaty stipu-
lations with Great Britain. We kept up this
fleet, and always had euough ships elsewhere.
What is this fi^et to do nowir What is it
required to do? There is no occasion for it,
and the withdrawal of that squadron ought
to that extent reduce the Navy.
The expenditures for the Navy are enormous,
and they should be reduced. A distinguished
officer of the highest rank in the Navy spoke
of a decadence of the Navy, and very much
lamented it; but whatever may be its condi-
tion, of one thing we are full well aware, and
that is, that there is no decadence in ex-
penditures for it. As I have before remarked,
that if our expenditures are any evidence of
the strength ot the Navy, it is twice as strong
as 11 ever was and twice as strong as it should be.
I know that many who are adverse to a large
Aruiy have no objection to a large Navy. It
has of late years been a favorite branch of the
service ; not with me, I beg leave to say. any
more than the Army, for i want no more of
either than what is indispensable to the public
necessities. As a citizen I distrust both, and
I have no confidence in either for the security
of civil liverty or the promotion of republican
principles.
Mr. President, I kuow there are many who
like to go round always wrapped up in the flag,
a great many who prefer this to standing
under its waving folds on the battle-field, it
is very pleasant indeed for such, especially for
tourists or pleasure-seekers abroad, to have
United Stales vessels to be with them, and they
would not object in their wanderings to see
regiments of United States soldiers at Jerusa-
lem or at Jupiter Amnion. It would no doubt
impart to these gentlemen a sense of security
and surround them with an air of comfort that
would inspire them with rhapsodies for both
Army and Navy.
There is no question but that it was quite a
comfort to Alexander to make big march across
a desert waste to the famous Temple of Jupiter
Amnion with devoted soldiers; and so also
with Napoleon, when, like his great predeces-
sor, and following in bis footsteps, he marched
with bis army to this same temple with what-
ever of despair and suffering to the soldiers
history relates. And so with many of oar peo-
ple, having not a whit less either of curiosity
or of ambition than either Alexander or Na-
poleon, they would likewise have our soldiers
or ships wherever their vagaries, curiosity, or
interests might take them.
But, Mr. President, we must remember that
the United 8tates is a Government of and for
the people; and unlike these great chieftains,
this Government was not established to oblige
the large mass of the people, to minister to the
comforts of the few, either at home or abroad;
and we are not obliged to keep soldiers and
fleets to surround the vagaries, the cariosity,
the cupidity, or even the legitimate business
of the few wherever they may go or be with
this kind of security.
Perhaps twenty million dollars, Mr. Presi-
dent, wiilberequired to build these vessels, and
at a time, too, when the money is so much more
needed for other purposes. The Secretary of
the Treasury intimates an increase of the debt,
and would rather blame us for reducing the
taxes than cutting down the expenditures as
the cause of it. In this coudition of the Treas- j
urv, with this threatened increase of taxes, and
with certainly no hopes of any diminution of
them, why shall we incur this large expendi-
ture and for what the public service does not
require ?
is it a job, Mr. President? This bill passed
the House, but I apprehend, so far as i am
advised, that the trouble was not so much in
building these vessels, but who should build
them; in other words, who should get the
job. The straggle was between the public
and private ship-yards, and one can easily
appreciate the antagonizing interests, and see
how keen was this contest for the great prize.
It was compromised, not, of course, out of
consideration for the country, and both will
get a share. The people are not regarded;
their highest interests are ignored. The mer-
cenary principle of job seems to have been the
sole question in passing this bill in the House.
Mr. President, I am opposed to all this. I
am opposed to this increase of the Navy: in-
deed, on the other hand, I am in favor of its
reduction. I am opposed to a large naval es-
tablishment upon principle. I confess that I
fear as well the Navy as the Army. The same
ruling principles apply equally to both; the same
motives prompt both. Their organization and
education are the same. They are both subject
toone will, that of the Executiveof the United
States, and will obey it when commanded,
whatever that command may be, whether to
arrest Legislatures of sovereign States, or dis-
perse them, or purge them with a Pride's purge,
or prevent them from meeting at ail, or arrest
citizens and try them and convict them and
shoot them to death or hang them ; and would,
under the military education our young men
are receiving at the national schools, if
commanded, disperse this body with as little
compunction anu hesitation as they exhibited
in thetr other acts of kindred violence, wrong,
and outrage. . . ,
I remember well the sensation when it be-
came known that the great city of New York
was to vote, a few years ago, under the range
of the guns of our ships of war, and so ranged
that the whole city might feel itself to be under
military duress.
Both can be made the efficient instruments
of tyranny ; both by their education and organ-
ization are inimical to repnblican liberty and
hostile to republican government; both strong
enough will in the end prove the ruin of both.
It may not be imputed as a vainglorious
boast to say that as a class our naval and
military officers in education, skill, and cour-
age, are not surpassed by those of any nation
in the world, and there is a self-satisfaction
and an involuntary pride in the belief that
on any field of contest with any other Power
their united skill and valor will add additional
luster to the American flag, and attach to them
an imperishable renown as Boldiers and
seamen. But all this is far, far from making
them republicans in principle, but if anything
more and more in their organization the antag-
onisms of a free Government like ours, with a
Constitution of limitations, and so much de-
pending for its preservation upon the several
States, and the free and full enjoyment of their
constitutional rights.
Mr. President, although I fear both ArtMy
and Navy, if anything 1 fear the Navy more
than the Army. There is no defense against,
there is no resistance to a navy. The States
have none and cannot have any. Your Urge
cities lie at its feet. A bold, bad man-in the
interest of faction, and supported by faction,
President of the United States, Commander-in-
Chief, and acknowledged to be so, as he is so in
fact by the Constitution, and who will be obeyed
as Fiifh without, any inquiry as to whether the
command be right or wrong, has the commer-
cial metropolis of every State in his power,
and therefore the capital of the country. He
has the forts. He has the neck of every State
laid bare to his stroke, if ambitious or courage-
ous enough to strike. If it were thought thai
a presidential election depended upon New
York or Louisiana, think you that the guns
of the Navy may not have been most effect-
ually ranged upon either New York city or
New Orleans, or both if necessary? They were
ranged upon New York ; and vessels were
employed at New Orleans in dismembering a
Legislature. The States have a resisting power
upon land ; their organized militia and their
people to be organized could offer resistance
to a usurping soldiery in the field, that would
at ail events give great trouble, if not be
entirely successful in their defense.
Therefore, Mr. President, besides all the other
considerations which impel me to oppose an
increase of either the Army or the Navy, the
highest of all impressing me with the peril
which both Army and Navy bring to our free
institutions and form of government equally
impel me to favor always a reduction of both
to the lowest possible degree. Wherefore I
stand opposed to the bill and amendment now
under consideration.
Such are my views conscientiously enter-
tained and plainly expressed, and with no
other motive than that for the good of the pub-
lic service. They may be by some ascribed
to very contracted notions of economy aud to
morbid fears of military establishments. Bat
does not all history teach the less use Govern-
ment has for money and the more simple it be
in all its relations and operations the purer
will that Government be? And does not out
experience as well as all history teach that
military establishments are not compatible
with republican government, but, on the con-
trary, are the bulwarks always of tyrants and
the ready instruments of tyranny?
Mr. NYE. I have been so much confused
by the speech of the honorable Senator froq 
Maryland that I hardly know what the original
question was. I think it was something in
relation to the construction of ten sloops of
war by way of addition to our Navy.
I congratulate the country, and especially
my friend from Maryland, that he has had
this opportunity to give vent to that feeling
which has been so long gathering in him. it
is the first time in several months that^I have
bt-ard the good old Democratic ring of oppo-
sition to everything that does not originate
