1668
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 24,
Department can get along without these clerks;
that the abolition of this office is in the inter-
est of economy. This amendment, instead of
being a going back from the former action of
the House, simply extends that action in a
proper direction.
Mr. PLATX. I desire to call the attention
of the House to this question. I would be
glad if gentlemen who advocate dispensing
with these clerks, and who -say they have in-
vestigated this subject, would explain the duties
which these clerks have been performing in
years past.
Mr. LYNCH. Drawing their pay.
Mr. PLATT. I will ask the gentleman from
Maine [Mr. Lynch] whether he supposes that
is all the duty they have performed ?
Mr. LYNCH. I think it is.
Mr. PLATT. Well, sir, that shows how
much the gentleman has investigated this
subject, and how much he knows about it. 1
assert not only that these officers are essential
to the proper transaction of business under the
present organization of the navy-yards, but
that they earn their money as well as any offi-
cials of the Government, from the highest to
the lowest.
I send to the desk and ask the Clerk to read
paragraphs from the Navy regulations defining
the duties of these officers, who, I assert from
personal knowledge, perform those duties faith-
fully, and thereby save the Government many
hundred times the amount of their salaries. I
heard the debate in the Senate on this subject,
and among those in the Senate who advocated
this amendment there was not one gentleman
who could tell what the duties of these clerks
are. It was merely a fit of economy, com-
mencing in a very bad place, with these poor
clerks.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. L. MYERS. So far as the Philadel-
phia navy-yard is concerned, these clerks are
necessary.
Mr. PLATT. I wish to say a word further.
Mr. L. MYERS. I will take the floor for
the purpose of yielding to the gentleman from
Virginia, [Mr. Platt,] and move pro forma
to strike out the last word.
Mr. PLATT. I desire to call the attention
of gentlemen of the House to the duties of
these clerks whom they propose to strike
down. I ask the Clerk to read the extract
which I have sent him.
The Clerk read as follows:
'"The time (or muster) clerks of the yard are
responsible for the proper mustering of the men,
for making correct returns of their time, and the
pay allowed them/ They must be present, duly
prepared, precisely at the time prescribed for mus-
tering the workmen, and then commence the mus-
ters. They are to make out, semi-monthly, the pay-
rolis by which the workmen are to be paid the
wages they have earned, and these containing the
names of the workmen, the number of days' work
each has performed, the class to which each belongs,
the rate of pay established by the commandant lor
each class, the amount due to each individual, the
whole amount chargeable to each appropriation,
and marginal notes of all extra work performed are
to be certified by them as correct in every particu-
lar. They are also to make out, monthly, a copy or
transcript of the last two semi-monthly pay-rolls
which is to be signed by themselves and then approved
and forwarded by the commandant to thechief of the
appropriate bureau. In addition to the above the
Navy Department has issued a circular order stating
that' whenever men are required by the civil engin-
eer, and the requisition approved by the command-
ant, they shall first be taken to the muster clerk to
be recognized and the names entered on the mus-
ter-book, and are then considered regularly em-
ployed. All men so employed will be mustered
twice each day—before beginning work in thomorn-
ing and aiternoon, and at such other times as shall
be ordered; and they shall not be set at work if not
present at roll-call to answer. Men desiring to leave
the yard during working hours will be required to
procure from the muster clerk a check, on which will
be the man's name, number, and signature of the
muster clerk, and it will be deposited at the gate
and be his pass from the yard. The muster clerk
will thus have on his books a correct account of
each man's time, and will each morning make out
and send to the commandant a report, showing the
number and ratings of the men employed on the
day previous.' And in addition to the above the
muster clerk is required to muster the men at six
forty-five in the morning, again at twelve forty-five
p. m., and see that the men remain at work until
four p. m., thereby requiring him to be at his office
from six thirty a. m. to four p. m., making nine
hours and a half each day, while the office hours of
clerks in the Departments are from nine to three,
six hours."
Mr. PLATT. I desire to call the attention
of the House again to the fact that these clerks
are required to be present at half past six
o' clock in the morning to take down the names
of the employes of the yard who are not pres-
ent at the time. They have to do it again in
the middle of the day and in the afternoon.
Twice each month they have to make out com-
plete returns of the time made by these men.
They are the only check in the navy-yards
against loss of time by the employes of that
department. I think no gentleman can investi-
gate the duties performed by them and the
manner in which they are performed by these
gentlemen in our various navy-yards without
coming to the conclusion that they are abso-
lutely essential to the proper economical car-.
rying out of the business of the Government.
They are too important to be stricken down in
this way without any attention being called at
all to the fact.
Mr. COGHLAN. I wish to call the attention
of the House to one fact. They seem to be now
blindly striking down the only guards the Gov-
ernment now has in any one of the navy-yards
of the country to prevent its being swindled by
the men employed there or by any party who
intends to swindle it. They are the only means
the Government no w possesses to know whether
the accounts are correct. The House by its pres-
ent action is striking down these very men who
have been placed to see to it that the employes
of the Government do the eight hours' labor
required of them. I know gentlemen say some
other officers can do this. Why strike at
these men? Why strike down these who are
the only checks and guards on the accounts
which the Government now has to save it from
being swindled. I hope the amenc^jnents will
not be concurred in.
Mr. L. MYERS withdrew his amendment.
Mr. HALE. I renew it for the purpose of
saying a word or two. I have a pretty hard
time, Mr. Speaker, with this Navy appropria-
tion bill, for if anything is sought for the
Department in the way of experiment or per-
fecting its work, I am met by the gentleman
from Indiana, [Mr. Holman,] and by other
gentlemen of his class ; and if, on the other
hand, I seek under the instructions of the
Committee on Appropriations to cut down
expenditures and.to do away with surplus offi-
cers, I am met by the gentlemen having navy-
yards in their districts who are opposed to these
reductions altogether.
1 wish gentlemen to consider our naval
establishment is now top-heavy. It is weak
in its legs. It ought to have a well-kept,
strong armament at sea, not extravagant, but
well supplied and well kept up, and it ought
to be run economically, and especially in times
of peace, on shore. But, sir, just the reverse
is true at the present time. My colleague [Mr.
Lynch] the other day, when the Navy appro-
priation bill was up, started a movement to
cut down some of these clerks. I believed
then, although the reduction was needed, he
was striking in the wrong direction, but as it
has turned out I thank him for what he did.
I have been looking over the matter, and
I wish to give some figures about our Navy
establishment on shore. When we have only
thirty-three or thirty-four poor vessels at sea,
we have eight active large navy-yards to-day
in a time of profound peace, and each of these
navy-yards is subdivided up, and has got eight
or nine different bureaus; and every bureau has
its clerks, ranging in number from three up to
nine, eleven, and twelve. The Kittery navy
yard alone, this year, in atime of peace,with no
war threatening, has got to-day twenty-four
clerks. The Boston navy-yard has got thirty-
four; the New York uavy-yard has thirty-
seven ; the Philadelphia navy yard has twenty-
nine ; the Washington navy-yard has twenty-
six ; Norfolk has twenty; Per.sacola has eleven;
Mare Island has twenty-seven; League Island
has four ; Mound City one ; in all two hundred
and twelve clerks, paid at rates ranging from
twelve hundred to eighteen hundred dollars,
in these navy-yards in a time of profound
peace.
Am I not right in saying that the trouble
with the Navy is that it is top-heavy, that it is
weak where it should be strong? I am always
in favor of any fitting movement to strengthen
it at sea. I am always in favor of any move-
ment to give it good ships. And this House
and the Senate have proved that they are will-
ing to do that; I do want for one, and I ask
the Secretary of the Navy that between now
and the next session of Congress he shall have
this matter of the civil establishment of the
navy-yards overhauled, and that he shall be
prepared to bring in here some plan that will
reduce this force, which I believe, although I
have always sympathize^ with the navy-yards,
is double to-day what it ought to be. I am
trying here to reduce this force in accordance
with the amendment which the Senate has put
in. And yet almost' every gentleman here,
who has a navy-yard in his district—I am
glad to make an exception in favor of my col-
league [Mr. Lynch]—objects to a single clerk
being cut down.
I want the money that can be.saved on the
civil establishment to go to the Department to
build those ships which we authorized the
other day. I want them built, and that they
shall be strong and firm and well manned,
that we may have a real Navy on the seas of
the globe. But I do not want useless vessels
at home.
And there is another thing which results
from all this. It is now, I am sorry to say,
too much of an object for many officers to be
ordered for home duty. That is all wrong.
It ought to be the ambition of a Navy officer
to be sent to sea, and not to live in inglorious
ease on shore.
I knew a gentleman who was here for some
years connected with the British Legation.
He was an able officer, who was here to watch
and report upon the improvements in the
American Navy; for the British watch all
these improvements with a jealous eye. He
had an easy time here, and had a good, social
position. But the moment he got an order to
rejoin his ship, he took the next steamer
home, to attend to the discharge of his duties
in the legitimate line of his profession. I want
that sort of thing in the American Navy. I
want to see members in their desire to sustain
the American Navy resisting here every at-
tempt to build up these shore establishments.
Let our officers gain their reputation as naval
officers at sea, as our naval officers have
gained their reputation heretofore; and let
there not be this eternal din and clamor from
every naval officer to be put into these navy-
yards.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I desire
to say a word or two on the subject of navy-
yards. I think that the navy-yards are pre-
cisely like the arsenals. We have now a great
many small arsenals done away with. The
arsenal at Harper's Perry was destroyed during
the war; and they are now being reduced to
two large arsenals, or three. I hope to see
the time when navy-yards will be reduced in
the same way.
Mr. HALE. So do I.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I think
there should be only two or three large yards ;
for a large yard will cost no more for superin-
tendence, for officers' quarters, and a thou-
sand other things, than a small yard. Now
we have a navy-yard in Charlestown, Massa-
chusetts. I do not know but I may be speak-
ing against the wishes of some of my State;
but whether I am or npt, I desire to give my
fair judgment upon this matter to the country.
I think the Kittery navy-yard and the Charles-
town uavy-yard should be put into the estab-
