1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
709
of this country, for the purpose of extending
our commercial relations, for the purpose in
that manner of adding.to our wealth. It can-
not have escaped your attention, Mr. Pres-
ident, or that of Senators, that every ship that
we build is from the time it is constructed,
ay, sir, from the time of the commencement,
of its construction until it goes to decay, a
constant source of expense. The more vesse Is
you have, the larger appropriation, of course
you have to make from year to year to k<Jep
them floating and in repair. The larger naval
establishment you have, of course the more it
will cost; and I may add here that it would
cost as much to send one frigate on a cruise
around the world as it would cost to keep up
a line of mail steamships for a whole year;
and will it be contended that the expenditure
in the former case is of equal value or to be
compared with that in the latter case? It is
clear to me that while in the o>pe case it is a
constant burden upon the Government, in the
other case it is constantly adding to our wealth
and strength as a nation. I would rather the
Committee on Naval Affairs had presented ua
some proposition for promoting the commerce
of the country, and at least first rendering it
necessary that we should have a naval force
in distant seas to protect commerce.
Mr. President, I do not want to see our
Navy decline, and I do not suppose that it is
absolutely declining very much. We are
making expenditures from year to year to re-
pair our vessels. That amounts to a very
considerable sum each year, and though some
of tiiem are not worth repairing, yet we are
not, as I said at the commencement, without
something of a naval force, and a very credit-
able one, too, considering the circumstances.
We may build up a navy, and it is very likely,
that the navy we build up will rot and decay 1
before there will be any war that will call for
its active use. I do not suppose that we are
approaching a condition of hostility with any
nation under the sun. On the contrary,-I
and they will dictate terms to us unless we
have a navy of our own sufficiently formi-
dable, so that we can in the outset inflict injury
while we receive injury. If we are not in that
position we are in a position to be dictated
to by almost, every Power, great or small, on
every trivial question, or submit to war with-
out preparation. Our people will not submit
to very, great insulta. They will, if insulted,
demand that the honor of the flag be protected.
With no navy, the consequences are terrible.
I believe it is cheaper, certainly safer, to have
a respectable navy.
We are an important nation ; and as other
nations are sustaining navies all over the
world, we cannot avoid doing it. Happily we
are so situated that we do not require much
of an army. We have rio neighbors that we
have to guard against. We need not arm
against any other nation on this continent,
because we are all-powerful and need no
preparation to protect our soil on land; there
is no rival nation oa this continent that can
make war upon us. We do not, therefore,
need a large army, and I am opposed to a
large army; but we must maintain a respect-
able. navy. It seems to be admitted on all
hands that our Navy is inefficient, that it is
below the grade of all the first and even the
second-class Powers of the world. That ought
not to be so.
I do, not believe much in-repairing old. ships.
I believe the policy of building new ones is a
much better one, for several reasons. Old
ships are not worth much when repaired, and
it is very expensive to repair them; and in
the next- plaee, our mechanics do not get a
chance to improve in skill by patching up old
ships as they do by building new ones. It
is as important as any other thing that we
should have skilled mechanics, that we should
have them employed so as to secure a nucleus
about which a navy may be constructed in
time of war. If you cease building ships
altogether, you will not have your navy-yard;
believe that peace has been promoted within j and your mechanics in condition to improve
the last few years by the policy of this Govern- ; in time of war. The construction of ships at
meat, and that it is likely to continue through
many years to come.
An armed naval force, if of use at all, must
be of use in going to different parts of the
world and protecting our commerce, but we
do not need many vessels of this class to
inspire with awe or fear the ruder and less
civilized nations with which we may be in
commercial intercourse. We certainly do not
require this class of vessels to inspire with
respect or fear the more powerful nations of
the earth. If they are useful at all, it must
be in exhibiting our power to some of the
weaker nations, and yet I do not see that it is
necessary for any such pnrpose that we should
make so large an expenditure. But, sir,while
I am willing, for the purpose of keeping up
our Navy, to vote for six sloops of war, I,am
opposed to the number of ten.
Air. STEWART. Mr. President, the policy
of the United States undoubtedly is peace
with all nations, and I hope that that policy
will always be pursued. But the question
naturally arises, how can peace be best pre-
served with foreign nations ? If we have no
navy at all, or such a navy as is not form-
idable, we must submit to such treatment as
other nations may choose to deal out to us.
We cannot repel their insults, because we are
not prepaied to go to war without immense
expense; and if their policy is such as dis-
pleases us, we cannot with safety protest,
because the consequences to us might be so j
severe that we could not make good our pro- t
test, or follow it up by war, for without a navy :
we could not prosecute war. _ j
Now, if you have a formidable navy it is no j
reason why you should have war. You can ;
then have peace without humiliation* Asau ;
the powerful nations of the world have navies,
as our commerce extends and our country
grows we are
is necessarily placed in their power, |f every two years.
all times seems to me to be the best policy.
Dispose of your old ships that are not worth
possessing, and let the genius of our country
be applied to the construction of new ships
and good ships. I would like the bill better
if it provided for the construction of one ship
every year that should be much better than any
other nation had, or one ship every two years.
If they were constructing a ship that should be
completed at some time and be better when
completed than any now iu existence I should
like it better. I do not believe in constructing
a large number of thatclass of ships. I believe
the mechanics of this country should be at
work all the time in constructing a better ship
than floats on the waters.
Of course it is obvious that a-large number
of this kind of ships should not be constructed,
because improvements in naval architecture
are advancing so rapidly that when you have
constructed one some other nation by the time
you get it built will have built a better one.
But we should in a small way be always con-
structing one of the best ships that can be
constructed, it seems to me.
1 do not know the exact number of ships of
war that may be necessary for the purposes
of the Navy; but evidently there shouid be a
sufficient number of the class of ships pro-
posed by this bill, and new ships are better
than old ones; they axe safer. It seems to
me that to build them cannot be much more
expensive than to patch up the old ones. It is
certainly batter for the mechanics that con-
struct them. .
I shall vote for the amendment believing
that the committee have investigated as to
:i the number proper to be constructed of this
:i class of ships. I do wish that there was a
provision in the bill for the construction of a
!i first-class ship-of-war, one each year or one
I ucni-u iffiii ve.ars. so that we should be build-
ing a good ship constantly, and one that
should have all the modern improvements
and all the advantages that have been derived
from the experience of all countries. I do
not inow whether the Committee on Naval
Affairs have considered that feubject. I will
not. offer any amendment to that effect at this
time, but 1 say it would please me better if
something of that kind was projected and was
about to lie accomplished.
I shall- vote for the amendment supposing
that-the'committee have hit upon the fete
number, and that we should have new ships
constantly constructed instead of repairing th«i
old ones for the use of the Navy. I have no
doabt and do not think it much more expens-
ive. It is certainly much more desirable.
Mr. STOCKTON. Mr. President, it was
with great regret that I listened to the labored
effort of the Senator from Maryland, [Mr.
Hamilton,] prepared with so much care an«J
delivered with so much effectiveness, in oppo-
sition to an appropriation for our Navy. There
were so many things that he said with which I
disagreed that, rising as I do without prepara-
tion, it would be hopeless for me to attempt to
reply with thatcioseness of statement and clear-
ness of argument which the gravity and import4
ance of the subject would seem to require. I
may say though, that as he comes from a State
with a large seaboard coast, he was one of the
last men that I expected would at this time have
risen and opposed this small appropriation to
save the character of our Navy; and I feel that
if he had the knowledge of the subject which I
think I have, he would not have done so.
Mr. President, it was in the year 1775 that
our Navy had its birth, and the intelligence
of its first conflict was brought to Hachias,
Maine, on Saturday, the 9th of May, 1775.
An armed schooner called the llargaretta,
in the service of the Grown, was lying in port,
with two sloops under her convoy, that were
loading with lumber on behalf of the king's
Government. Au effort to take that vessel
was the first maritime conflict of our revolu-
tionary struggle.
Soon after he assumed the command of the
troops before Boston, General Washington,
who so deeply felt the want of munitions of
war of nearly every description, issued several
commissions to different small vessels, giving
their commanders instructions to cruise in or
near Massachusetts bay, in order to intercept
the British store ships. The first vessel that
got to sea under this arrangement was the
schooner Lee, Captain John Manly, which
sailed from Harblehead near the close of
November. Mr. Cooper says:
I " Aitbouefi it may not be strictly trne to term the
, Lee. and other small cruisers similarly employed,
the first vessels that ever belonged to the (xeneral
Government of this country, they may be deemed
tbe first that ever actually sailed with authority to
cruise in behalf of the entire country. Bar while
cruise in
we &ccor<* r*--—
his associates, who acted under the orders or
we accord this precedency t to Captain
Uld lovCC]   Uv Ui. VVU UUUV1 t
imrton. Congress Itself had not been. altogether idle,
and it is probable that the commander-in-chief tooK
the step he did in accordance with tne expressea
views of that body."
The first legislation of Congress on the sub-
ject of a Navy preceded the law of Massa-
chusetts in point of time, though the act was
worded with greater reserve. On the 13th
of October, 1775, a law passed ordering one
vessel of ten guns, and another of fourteea
guns, to be equipped as national cruisers, and
to be sent to the eastward on a cruise of three
months, to intercept supplies for the royal
troops. Other resolutions on the subject were
passed during the same month.
A change in our cautious poliey was pro-
duced by the depredations committed by the
British vessels under the command of Captain
Mowat. When tbe intelligence of that ruth-
less proceeding reached Philadelphia, it pro-
duced a general prize law, with authority to
capture all British vessels that were in any
manner connected with the pending struggle.
As the country still acknowledged its connec-
