1670
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 24,
sens© as to give increase of pay until designated by
the Secretary of the Navy to fill vacancies in the
higher grade; and officers eligible for promotion
to a grade not limited in number shall not be en-
titled to examination until ordered to present them-
selves for examination or until a class, in which
they are included, has been so ordered by the Secre-
tary of the Navy.
Mr. HALE. In this amendment the com-
mittee recommend concurrence.
Mr. SARGENT. This is really a part of
the provision just adopted.
The amendment was concurred in.
The forty-seventh amendment was read, as
follows:
Add the following as a new section: ...
Sec. 2. That the Supreme Court may, if. in its
judgment the purposes of justice require it. allow
any amendment, either in form or substance, of any
appeal in prize cases, or allow a prize appeal therein,
if it appears that any notice of appeal or of intention
to appeal was filed with the clerk of the district
court within thirty days next after the rendition of
the final decree therein.
Mr. HALE. The committee recommend
concurrence in this amendment.
Mr. HOLMAN. I suppose this provision
is designed to cover some particular case, I
would like to have it explained.
Mr. HALE. This section was put on in the
Senate at the instance of Senator Edmunds,
of Vermont; and when I state this I need
give the gentleman from Indiana no further
assurance that the proposition is in the interest
of economy. It is to protect the interests of
the Government in a case where it is now
claimed by the attorney for the claimants that
no appeal can be taken to the Supreme Court.
It is claimed by the Government that the
decree which has been obtained is five or six
times the value of the vessel. The object of
this provision is to enable the Government to
prosecute its appeal.
Mr. HOLMAN. I have no objection to the
amendment. I supposed that its object was
directly the reverse of what the gentleman
states.
The amendment was concurred in.
The forty-eighth amendment was read, as
follows:
Insert the following as a new section:
Sue. 3. That the act of Congress approved Decem-
ber 21.1861, entitled "An act to further promote the
officieney of the Navy," and the act approved June
25,1801, entitled " An act to amend the act of the
21st of December, 1861, entitled "An act to further
promote the efficiency of the Navy,"' shall not bo
construed to retire any officer before sixty-two years
of age.
Mr. HALE. I move to amend this amend-
ment by inserting after the words "shall not,"
in the next to the last line, the word "here-
after."
Mr. MAYNARD. I would like to under-
stand the necessity for this amendment. What
construction has been given to these acts mak
iug such a provision necessary?
Mr. HALE. This amendment establishes
a uniform age for retirement. In some cases
officers now claim that they are retired at sixty-
one, and in some other cases at sixty-two. My
amendment proposes that this provision shall
apply to all cases hereafter, so that there may
arise no confusing of the past with the present.
Mr. Hale's amendment to the amend-
ment was agreed to ; and the amendment as
amended was concurred in.
Mr. HALE. I move a conference on the
disagreeing votes of the two Houses.
The motion was agreed to.
• order 01' business.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I rise to call
up tiie legislative appropriation bill.
p03f office appropriation bill.
Mr. PALMER. I ask unanimous consent
to lake from the Speaker's table the amend-
ments of the Senate to the Post Office appro-
bation bill, and move that they be numbered
and printed, and referred to ihe Committee on
Apprupiiations.
There was no objection, and it was ordered
accordingly.
members from mississippi.
Mr. PETERS. The gentleman from Ohio
yields to me for the purpose of reporting from
the Committee on the Judiciary the resolution
which I send to the Clerk's desk.
The Clerk read as follows :
Besolved, That the Sergeant-at-Arms of the
House of Representatives be, and he is hereby,
directed to pay the members of the Forty-First
Congress from the State of Mississippi for the time
embraced within the period from the 4th day of
March, 1869, to the 30th day of November, 1869.
Mr. PETERS. It is only necessary to say
the committee unanimously recommend this,
and that in the line of precedents they should
have it.
Mr. MAYNARD. Why not also include
the members from the State of Georgia ?
Mr. PETERS. Because there is a distinc-
tion between the two cases; and though I
might not object to that on some other occa-
sion, I will say I am not instructed to report
that; but I am instructed to report this.
The resolution was adopted.
Mr. PETERS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ozro j. dodds.
Mr. PETERS. I am also instructed by the
Committee on the Judiciary to report the fol-
lowing resolution.
The Clerk read as follows:
Resolved, That Ozro J. Dodds, a Eepresentative
from the first district of Ohio, be paid compensation
from thellth day of July last, the day of his prede-
eessor's resignation, and the same be paid out of the
contingent fund of the House.
The resolution was adopted.
Mr. PETERS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. MACINTRYE. I move the House do
now adjourn.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
43, noes 50.
Mr. BURCHARD. I demand the yeas and
nays. I wish to see what keeps members here
so late to-night.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
So the House refused to adjourn.
geneva award.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I move
to substitute the House bill on the Geneva
award for Senate bill No. 1203 on the same
subject.
Mr. HIBBARD. I object.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I move
to suspend the rules that the Senate bill be
returned to the Senate with the House bill
adopted to it as a substitute.
Mr. ELDREDGE moved that the House
adjourn, and on that motion called for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered ; and
the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. POTTER. Is such a motion as that
submitted by the gentleman from Massachu-
setts in order?
The SPEAKER. In what respect ?
Mr. POTTER. This looks at this stage to
a conference between the two Houses on this
bill.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I have
not asked for any such thing.
The SPEAKER. The Senate bill lies on
the Speaker's table, and the gentleman moves
the rules be suspended and it be taken up and
agreed to with a substitute, which is the same
as the bill passed by the House the other day.
That is quite within the scope of legislative
power, l'he question is now on the suspension
of the rules.
The rules were suspended, two thirds voting
in favor thereof; and the Senate bill was
passed with the House bill as a substitute
therefor. order of business
Mr. WILSON, of Indiana. I move to sus-
pend the rules in order to bring before the
House for consideration the bill reported from
my select committeein reference to the Union
Pacific Railroad Company.
Mr. ELDREDGE. Does the gentleman
propose to pass it to-night?
Mr. WILSON, of Indiana. I wish to bring
it before the House for consideration.
Mr. ELDREDGE. Does he propose to con-
sider it to-night?
Mr. WILSON, of Indiana. Yes, as far as
we can.
Mr. BINGHAM. I ask my colleague to
yield to me in order that I may make a report .
from the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. RANDALL. I demand the regular
order of business. I insist the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Garfield] shall go on with the
appropriation bill or yield the floor uncondi-
tionally.
The SPEAKER. What has been going on
has been going on by the sufferance of the gen-
tleman from Ohio. What has been going on
has been permissive. The Chair will advise
the House it is his duty to recognize the
appropriation bills before any and all other
business whatever except privileged ques-
tions.
Mr. RANDALL. If the'gentleman cuts off
the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Wilson] I
object, unless he yields the floor uncondition-
ally.
Mr. BURCHARD. I move the House do
now adjourn.
The House refused to adjourn.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I will not refuse
to let the House settle the question in refer-
ence to the Credit Mobilier. I will not inter-
pose even an appropriation bill against the
settlement of that question. I therefore yield
to the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Wilson]
to make his motion.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Garfield] yields to the gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Wilson] to move that the rules
be suspended, and the bill reported from the
committee of which that gentleman is chair-
man brought before the House for considera-
tion.
Mr. HALE. Does the gentleman wish to
have his bill passed to-night?
Mr. WILSON, of Indiana. I do.
' A Member. Without discussion?
Mr. WILSON, of Indiana. I do not wish
the bill to be passed without consideration,
and desire to proceed to-night, as far as the
House will allow, with that consideration.
The SPEAKER. If the rules are sus-
pended, and the" bill is brought before the
House for consideration, and goes over, the
order will hold its place to-morrow against any
and all other business, except privileged ques-
tions.
Mr. WILSON, of Indiana. I insist on my
motion.
The question being taken on the motion of
Mr. Wilson, of Indiana, there were—ayes
forty-three, noes not counted.
So (two-thirds not voting in favor thereof)
the motion was not agreed to.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The bill now
has the precedence of other business, and I
hope the House will adjourn.
Many Members. No, no.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Then I move
that the House resolve itself into Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union for
tho consideration of the amendments of the
Senate to the legislative, executive, and judi-
cial appropriation bill.
Mr. HOLMAN. I suggest that the amend-
ments be considered in the House.
Objection was made.
The SPEAKER. If objection is made, the
motion of the gentleman from Indiana [Mr.
