1674
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 24,
1 girdle, 1 mouse-trap, 1 boiler, 1 clothes-wringer, 1
coffee-pot, 1 scale, 7 spoons, 2 baskets, 1 tea-pot, 1
cake-pan, 4 knives, 1 steel, 1 butter-print, 2 grates,
2 boilers, 8 pans, 4 dishes, 6 plates, 1 strainer, 4 pitch-
ers, 1 chamber.
Twenty-five thousand dollars in 1801 was a
much greater sum than $50,000 now. One
thing further, and I shall not longer trouble
the House at this hour of the night. It has
been said everywhere what an outrage the pres-
ent Congress should raise their own salary—
I mean by said everwhere, said in several
newspapers which think they go everywhere.
Now, I want to state this fact. Every increase
of salary of members of Congress which ever
has been made since this Government existed
always included the House of Representatives
and the Congress in which the increase was
made. We are only following the precedent
■without exception, for the plain reason we are
supposed by experience to have found out our
salaries are insufficient, and finding that out,
we increase for our successors as well as for
ourselves.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. PETERS. Did the gentleman from
Massachusetts ever know a member so uncon-
scious about raising salary who would not
take it after it was raised? [Laughter.]
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I regret, Mr.
Chairman, this subject comes before the House
at such an hour of the night as this. We ought
to have fuller discussion than possible on this
occasion.
Mr. E. H. ROBERTS. Is not this matter
before the House by his action at this hour?
M. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I will answer
the gentleman. I have myself, as the House
will remember, been in favor of the motion to
adjourn, but when the House does not adjourn
I am bound to go on with the buisiness with
which I am charged.
Mr. E. H. ROBERTS. I should like to
ask him if this bill could have come up to-
night except on the motion of the gentleman
from Ohio?
Mr. HALE. Let me make answer, which,
perhaps, 1 can do better than the chairman
himself. The Committee on Appropriations
was desirons of going on with this business,
and instructed its chairman to go on and bring
up this bill if possible. The chairman him-
self was not in favor of it personally, and has,
I believe, voted twice to adjourn, but the com-
mittee wished to go further.
Mr. E. H. ROBERTS. I wish to ask
another question. It is clear a majority here
to-night are ready to vote for the proposition
to increase salaries. The thing which the
minority asks is this vote shall be taken in
daylight under the eyes of the country.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I desire what
has been said shall notbe taken out of my time.
If any gentleman in this House desires in any
way to intimate I have done or may do any
other than my duty in calling the attention
of the House to the public business, I am here
to answer him.
Mr. E. H. ROBERTS. If any gentle-
man assumes to put the threat on me, I am
here to answer him. I do intimate that it is
unusual to bring a bill including such a prop-
osition and a vote at such an hour.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I rise to a point
of order.
Mr. E. H. ROBERTS. I am in the habit of
reading and having the history of the country.
Mr. L. MYERS. In other Congresses we
had sessions night after night.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I insist on the
floor, and say this: I gave notice this after-
noon to the House that I desired an evening
session for the sake of bringing the naval ap-
propriation and the lesislative appropriation
bill before the House after the one hour which
was devoted to the bill of the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Banks,] chairman of the
Committee on Foreign Affairs.
It was not expected that when that hour
ended more than twenty or thirty minutes
would be needed for the naval appropriation
bill. Gentlemen came here with the under-
standing that both these bills were in order.
And, sir, if any gentleman has any responsi-
bilities anywhere relating to any of these bills
let him bear his share, I bear mine.
I rose, however, to say that I not only re-
gret that this proposition has been brought
here and now, but I regret that it has been
brought at all.
Mr. NEGLEY. I should like to know why
it is that the chairman of the Committee on
Appropriations should undertake to lecture
the House on a question which has been
decided over and over again.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I have the
floor, and I desire to occupy my time myself.
I desire to answer some of the points which
have been made in support of this amendment.
Some of the salaries referred to in the amend-
ment,.! doubt not, are too low—perhaps all of
them. But I feel it to be my duty to call the
attention of the committee to the movement
of salaries in the last twelve years. I hold in
my hand a statement of salaries other than
legislative as they were paid in 1860. The
total amount of salaries of officers of this Gov-
ernmentin the several Executive Departments
here in Washington in 1860 was $809,864 67.
The war so greatly increased our civil service
that now in the year just closed, in the calendar
year 1872, the total for the same classes of sal-
aries with the increase of bureaus that have been
put on the various Departments was $3,598,-
978 35 ; being an increase of $2,789,113 68.
Mr. MAYNARD. Does that include the
officers of the internal revenue service?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. It does, and
the officers of the currency bureau and of the
various Departments and bureaus of the Gov-
ernment which have been created during the
twelve years that intervened between those two
periods.
Now, the fact that the salaries of the officers
of the Government other than legislative have
been thus increased in the twelve years is a
fact that the House ought to know. And when
it is proposed to increase the salaries by a sum
I think somewhere in the neighborhood of a
million and a half or two millions of dollars in
one amendment, I feel it to be my duty to
show them what the total of the salaries will
be. I of course believe that the propositions
in this amendment ought to be separated.
Some of them gentlemen ought doubtless to
vote for. But to pass that amendment in the
lump, as laid before the committee now, I do
not think it just, I do not think it equitable,
and I do not think the House will do it; it
ought not to be done.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. DAWES. I wish to inquire of the
Chair if the amendment of my colleague [Mr.
Butler] is amendable?
Mr. BURCHARD. Before the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] proceeds to
debate the proposition of his colleague, I
would like to know how much of it is before
the committee?
The CHAIRMAN, (Mr. Txner in the chair.)
Does the gentleman from Illinois desire that
it should be reported again?
Mr. BURCHARD. I do not. I am in-
formed that the whole of the amendment is
before the committee.
Mr. DAWES. I inquire whether the amend-
ment of my colleague may be amended;
whether it would be in order to move an amend-
ment to the amendment of my colleague,
[Mr. Butler.]
Mr. BDTLER, of Massachusetts. I rise to
a point of order. It is this : the Senate has
made an amendment. I moved to concur in
that amendment with an amendment. Any
amendment of that is an amendment in the
second degree.
A Member. In the third degree.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Yes, in
a certain sense, in the third degree.
Mr. DAWES. That is no point of order ;
because there is nothing to make it on. I
have simply made an inquiry; I have not
offered an amendment. I have to say that
the Senate amendment is the text, to that the
chairman of the Committee on Appropriations
offers an amendment, and my colleague offers
a substitute for that amendment. I inquire
of the Chair whether his substitute is amend-
able?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is of the
opinion that another amendment is in order.
The Chair would so decide.
Mr. DAWES. Then I offer this as a substi-
tute for the amendment proposed by my col-
The Clerk read as follows:
That from and after the 1st day of January 1873,
there shall be paid, in addition to their compensa-
tion now fixed by law, twenty-five per cent, of
the same in addition thereto as compensation to all
offiocrs in the several custom houses of the United
States, whose annual compensation as now fixed by
law does not exceed 82,500 per annum.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Chairman, I am fully
of the opinion that there must be some increase
of compensation to Federal officers.
I have in many years past resisted as well as
I might all increase of salary. I have been
compelled in looking at the necessities and ex-
igencies of the public service from time to
time to yield to a reasonable increase of salary.
The peculiarity of the position now, that which
resist would begin with raising our own sala-
ries and leave that portion of the public ser-
vice which is in the greatest exigency unpro-
vided for.
The revenues of this country are in the cus-
tody and keeping of the men in the minor
offices of the custom-houses, who have as
many mouths to feed and as many expenses
to meet as any other men in the service of the
United States. Many of those to whom my
amendment applies get only $1,600 a year,
and one of them gets $2,500. Upon their
services, upon their integrity depend the
fidelity of collecting the revenues of this coun-
try. No portion of the public service is so
tempted as these men are. Upon no portion
of it depends the character of the public ser-
vice so much as it does upon these men ; yet
nobody attemps to increase their pay so as to
meet their necessities.
We have a bill in the Committee of Ways
and Means to raise the salary of the appraiser
at the port of New York, who how has $4,500,
to $7,000 ; we have in that bill a provision to
raise $3,000 salaries to $6,000, and to raise
$2,500 to $5,000; but no man proposes to
raise the compensation of the measurers, the
inspectors, the clerks, these men on whose
integrity, industry, and fidelity all the revenue
of the Government depend. And now it is
proposed to raise our own salaries and leave
this branch of the service uncared for. I, for
one, do not propose do it.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BURCHARD. I should be pleased to
hear what plea can be urged by gentlemen at
this time in favor of an increase of salaries.
Is it because the purchasing power of money
in 1873 is less than it was in 1864 and 1866,
when Our currency was depreciated? Is it
because there is more business to be done by
the employes of the Government and by mem-
bers of Congress than there was at that time?
Is it because the Treasury is now flusher than
it has been? What do you see? Why, that
only during the month of January the Treas-
ury balance had decreased; and perhaps if
you go on appropriating increased millions,
you will find that instead of having any sur-
plus to apply to a reduction of the debt, your
Treasury will fall short. Is this the proper
time to increase salaries ?
I admit that there is force in the proposition
to increase the President's salary, but unfor-
