1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
laid 011 the table in the morning. I make
that motion.
The motion was agreed to.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Represent-
atives, by Mr. McPhebson, its Clerk, an-
nounced that the President of the united
States having returned to the House of Rep-
resentatives, in which it originated, the bill
entitled "An act (H. R. No. 1550) for the
relief of the estate of Dr. John F. Hanks,"
with his objections thereto, the House of Rep-
resentatives proceeded, in accordance with the
Constitution, to reeonsider the same, and had
Reiolved, That the said bill do pass, two thirds of
the House of Representatives agreeing to pass the
same.
enrolled bills signed.
The message also announced that the
Speaker of the House had signed the follow-
ing enrolled bills; and they were thereupon
signed by the Vice President:
A bill (8. No. 1172) for the relief of Levi
J. Powell;
A bill (S. No. 850) providing for the pay-
ment to loyal citizens of Loudoun county,
Virginia, therein named, for their property
taken by the military authorities of the United
St&tcs*
A bill (S. No. 1021) for the relief of A. W.
Moss ;
A bill (S. No. 1161) for the relief of Harriet
W. Pond;
A bill (8. No. 1112) for the relief of Cap-
tain Lyman I. Hissong, of Henry county,
Ohio;
A bill (S. No. 161) for the relief of those
suffering from the destruction of the salt works
near Manchester, Kentucky, pursuant to the
orders of Major General Carlos Bueil;
A bill (S. No. 490) for the relief of the East
Tennessee University ;
A bill (S. No. 760) for the relief of Beverly
B. Botts, Rosalie S. Lewis, Isabella McLean
Lewis, and Mary Minor Hoxsey, children and
heirs at law of John M. Botts, deceased;
A bill (S. No. 1015) to quiet titles to certain
lands in the State of Iowa; and
A bill (S. No. 1220) to fix the time for
holding the annual session of the Supreme
Court of the United States.
amendment to appropriation bill.
Mr. ROBERTSON submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the
bill (H. R. No. 2291) making appropriations
for the legislative, executive, and judicial
expenses of the Government for the year end-
ing June 30, 1874 ; which was referred to the
Committee on Appropriations, and ordered to
be printed.
patent for flats in the potomac.
Mr. SAWYER. Will my friend from Min-
nesota allow me to offer a resolution of in-
quiry?
Mr. RAMSEY. Oh, yes.
Mr. SAWYER. 1 ask for the consideration
of the following resolution :
ilceofocd. That the Secretary of the Interior be,
and is hereby, directed to obtain the opinion of the
Attorney General of the United States as to the forco
and effect of a certain patent or patents heretofore
issued for certain flats in the Potomac river in front
of the city of Washington, and as to the force and
effect of the application on or about the 8tb of Sep-
tember. 1871, by the person or persons to whom said
patents were issued for certain other flats m said
river, and ns to the rights acquired by said person
or persons under and by virtue of said patent or
patents and the said application.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I think that had better
go over.
Mr. SAWYER. I would say in explanation
that the Attorney General has been asked by a
committee to do this.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am not speaking about
the merits of the thing; but I think it is an
extraordinary process, and we had better think
of it. Let it go over until to-morrow.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I move that the Sen-
ate adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and (at four
o'clock and nineteen minutes p. m.) the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, January 20, 1873.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler, D. D.
The Journal of last Saturday was read and
approved.
order op business.
The SPEAKER. This being Monday, the
first business in order will be the call of the
States and Territories, beginning with the
State of Maine, for the introduction of bills
and joint resolutions for reference to their
appropriate committees, and not to be brought
back by motions to reconsider. Under this
call memorials and resolutions of State and
territorial Legislatures are in order. The
morning hour now begins at fifteen minutes
past twelve o'clock.
prudence davis.
Mr. HIBBARD introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 3522) granting a pension to Prudence
Davis ; which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee on Revolutionary
Pensions and War of 1812, and ordered to be
printed.
isaac chamberlain.
Mr. POLAND introduced a bill (H. R. No.
3523) granting a pension to Isaac Chamber-
lain, which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee on Revolutionary
Pensions and War of 1812, and ordered to be
printed.
geneva award.
Mr. POLAND also introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 3524) to provide for the distribution
of the Geneva award ; which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
citizens' saving bank, district columbia.
Mr. BUFFINTON introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 3525) to incorporate the Citizens' Saving
Bank of the District of Columbia; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee for the District of Columbia, and
ordered to be printed.
kansas and colorado railway company.
Mr. TW1CHELL introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 3526) granting the right of way through
the public lands to the Kansas and Colorado
Railway Company; which was read a firstand
second time, referred to the Committee on the
Public Lands, and ordered to be printed.
removal of causes.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, introduced
a bill (H. R. No. 3527) to amend an act enti-
tled "An act to amend an act entitled 'An act
for the removal of causes in certain cases from
State courts, approved July 27,1866,' approved
March 2, 1867 ; which was read a first and
second time, referred t.o the Committee on the
Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
heirs of deceased soldiers.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, also intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 3528) to insure bounty to
the heirs of deceased soldiers who are entitled to
the game ; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
repeal of tax on savings banks.
Mr. EAMES introduced a bill (H. R. No.
3529) to repeal taxes imposed on deposits in
savings banks and institutions for savings;
which was read a first and second time, re-
ferred to the Committee of Ways and Means,
and ordered to be printed.
savings banks returns.
Mr. EAMES also introduced a bill (H R.
No. 3530) in relation to returns of savings
banks and institutions for savings; which was
read a first and second time, referred to thr
Committee of Ways and Means, and ordereo
to be printed.
julia roberts.
Mr. EAMES also introduced a bill (H. R
No. 3531) for the relief of Julia Roberts?
which was read a firstand second time, referred,
to the Committee on Military Affairs, and
ordered to be printed.
repeal of duty on books.
Mr. ROOSEVELT introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 3632) to relieve certain books from duty;
which was read a first and second time, referred
to the Committee of Ways and Means, and
ordered to be printed.
mail steamship compant.
Mr. COX introduced a bill (H. R. No. 3533)
to aid the United States and Venezuela Mail
Steamship Company to establish an American
line of steamships in opening direct trade be-
tween the United States and the republic of
Venezuela, and for carrying the mails of the
United States; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee on
Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. COX. I desire to say, Mr. Speaker,
that I present these bills without approving ail
there is in many of them.
national bank op watkins, new york.
Mr. LAMPORT introduced a bill (S. R.
No. 3534) authorizing the First National Bank
of Watkins, New York, to alter its location
and name ; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on Banking
and Currency, and ordered to be printed.
duties on imports, etc.
Mr. LAMPORT also introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 3535) to amend an act entitled "An
act to reduce duties on imports, and to reduce
internal taxes, and for other purposes," ap-
proved June 6, 1872 ; which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee of
Ways and Means, and ordered to be printed.
suppression of intemperance.
Mr. LAMPORT also introduced a bill (H.
I R. No. 3536) to provide for the appointment
of a commission of inquiry on the subject of
restrictive and prohibitory legislation for the
suppression of intemperance ; which was read
a first and second time, referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, and ordered to be
printed.
DANIEL g DEAN.
Mr. DUELL introduced a. joint resolntion
(H. R. No. 182) for the relief of Daniel S.
Dean ; which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary,
and ordered to be printed.
CATHERINE H. PECK.
Mr. DUELL also introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 3537) forthe relief of Catherine H. Peck,
of Lisle, Broome county, State of New York;
which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee of Claims, and
ordered to be printed.
john d. berry.
Mr. SMITH, of New York, introduced a
bill (H. R. No. 3538) for the relief of John
D. Berry, of New York : which was read a
first and second time, referred to the Commit-
tee on Invalid Pensions, and ordered to be
printed.
claims against the united states.
Mr. ELY introduced a bill (H. R. No. 3539)
in relation to claims against the United States;
i which was read a first and second time, re-
j ferred to the Committee oil the Judiciary, and
ii ordered to be printed.
