1676
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 24,
voted to make the increase from $3,000 to
$5,000. I never had a constituent who ob-
jected to my course upon that question.
I am in favor of the increase now proposed.
One of my reasons is that if you will put
members of Congress beyond temptation by
giving them an adequate salary, you will pass
fewer subsidy bills. [Laughter and applause.]
I believe we earn the $7,500 for which I pro-
pose to vote ; if I did not so believe I would
not vote for it. I remember another incident
in connection with the increase made four or
five years ago. At that time there was one
member so pure that he refused to take from
the Treasury the money Congress voted him ;
and his constituents voted that they wanted no
such man to represent them. [Laughter.]
Now, Mr. Chairman, on that particular prin-
ciple I believe I am right; I believe I earn
that money; and if my constituents are not
willing to pay me what I earn they had better
find some other Representative. [Applause.]
Mr. HAWLEY, of Connecticut. I with-
draw my amendment.
Mr. HOAR. I renew it. Mr. Chairman,
I oppose so much as relates to the increase of
the salary of the members of the House and
Senate. I do not do it from any fear of my
own constituents. They are willing to pay
their representative generously ; and they will
deal generously with anything I shall do ; and
they will accuse me of no selfish motive in
doing it I am sure, whether my opinion shall
be in accord with theirs or not. But, sir, I
have been long of the opinion there are some
classes of public servants which must derive
compensation from conscientious discharge of
public duty. There is a difference between the
salary and the work. The judge, the clergy-
man, the teacher, the legislator, after you have
reached the limits of a simple frugal livelihood,
every increase in compensation makes the
office an object of desire to men who seek it
for that compensation mostly. I would rather
go back to my constituents able to say to
them—I would rather be able to deliver to
my children the reputation I had rendered
service to this country for which I had never
been paid, than to have it understood I had
been paid by salary which other men had
thought to be too large.
My colleague says our ancestors fixed the
salary of President at a higher figure than now.
It is true. That offico represents to other
countries the dignity to somcexteutof Ameri-
can administrative government; but they made
no such rule in regard to their own salary. The
frugal compensation of two to three dollars a
day, when they had to travel in their own car-
' riages, was all they claimed.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. They
had twenty cents a mile.
Mr. HOAR. They lived and died pure; and
they left to their children a good name, which
is better than riches ; and for one I would not
exchange the memory of that honorable pov-
erty of any ancestor of mine for all the. wealth
which directly or indirectly has been heaped
up by any modern capitalist or financier.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. HOLMAN addressed the committee.
[His remarks will be printed in the Appendix.]
Mr. WHITTHORNE. If I believed the
argument made use of by the gentleman from
Connecticut [Mr. Hawlky] that the adoption
of this measure would lead to the death of the
dominant party, it would commend itself to
my support.
Mr. HAWLEY, of Connecticut. I under-
stand your vote very well.
Mr. WHITTHORNE. The gentleman does
not understand my vote, because I am not in
favor of the increase.
Mr. HAWLEY, of Connecticut. Good.
Mr. WHITTHORNE. If I believed it would
lead to any such result as that, the relief of the
country from the rule of the dominant party, and
to its prosperity in consequence of that relief, I
should certainly favor the proposition. But
not believing that, I am to-day found with my
friend from Indiana [Mr. Holman] who has
just addressed the committee, and with my
friend from Connecticut [Mr. Hawley] in op-
position to this measure. I believe that in
the present condition of the country, embar-
rassed with a heavy debt, and that debt in-
creasing the burden resting upon the shoulders
of the people, who are now complaining of the
weight of that burden, it is our duty to take
it off instead of adding to its weight, more
especially adding to its weight in the direction
of benefiting ourselves.
I opposed this, regarding it as a selfish vote.
I might admit that there are some officers of the
Government who now receive inadequate pay ;
but when the measure of their relief is so
framed as to be coupled with one in which I
and others like myself on this floor are inter-
ested, I do not believe that I ought to, or that
I can conscientiously, support the othor meas-
ure, though I might favor it if placed before
us on its own merits. I am therefore opposed
to the amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate on the amend-
ment is exhausted.
The question being taken on Mr. Holman's
amendment, it was disagreed to.
The CHAIRMAN. The question is next
on the amendment of the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes,] which the Clerk
will again report.
The amendment was again read.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Is that
a substitute for my amendment?
The CHAIRMAN. It was so stated at the
time by the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Dawes] who proposed it. The question
is, will the committee agree to the amend-
ment?
The question being put, there were—ayes
44, noes 109.
So the amendment offered by Mr. Dawes,
in the nature of a substitute for the amend-
ment of Mr. Butler, of Massachusetts, was
not agreed to.
Mr. DAWES. I now offer it again as an
addition to my colleague's amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Upson] has been recognized by
the Chair.
Mr. UPSON. I offer the following amend-
ment to the amendment:
Strike out the words " including Senators, Repre-
sentatives, and Delegates in the Forty-Second Oon-
§ress," and the words "including thoseof the Forty -
econd Congress,"
I am opposed to the increase which has been
proposed by the gentleman from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Butler] to the salaries of mem-
bers of Congress, whether members of the
present Congress or of any future Con-
gress. I am opposed to that proposition,
because I believe that the salary now pro-
vided by law for members of Congress is as
large as it ought to be, and no reason for the
proposed increase has been given which has
been satisfactory to ray mind or which in my
judgment will be satisfactory to the people of
this country.
But certainly, whatever reason there maybe
for the increase of the salaries of future mem-
bers of Congress, no reason has been given
why that rule should be applied to the mem-
bers of the present Congress. We are now
within about a week of the close of this Con-
gress. The abolition of the franking privilege
which is stated as one reason why the salaries
should be increased has not yet taken effect
and does not take effect until the 1st day of
July next. We therefore who are members
of the present Congress have lost nothing by
the abolition of the franking privilege. And,
among all the other reasons which have been
given, there is no one I think which will com-
mend itself to the judgment of the people of
this country. I believe that their deliberate
judgment will be that this proposed increase,
so far especially as it relates to the present
Congress, has no excuse or justification what-
ever, and that they will place the seal of their
condemnation upon every member of this Con-
gress who votes for such a measure as that. I
believe it will be regarded by the people as
simply disgraceful.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I am
sorry to trespass once more upon the House but
I can suggest a remedy to every gentleman
who does not think this increase of salary is
right and proper ; let him come up and sign a
pledge that he will not take the increase.
[Laughter.] Virtuous men and true, come up
and sign it. [Laughter.]
Mr. ELDREDGE. I wish to know whether
if these gentlemen really mean what they
say they could better demonstrate their argu-
ments than by telling us that they will not take
the increased pay.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. That
would be the shortest and the easiest way. I
stand here to say that when my constituents do
not think my services in Congress worth $7,500
they will turn me out, and I will appeal to my
clients. I do no not claim to be superior to
any man on this floor, but I believe that any
man who is not worth that rate of pay ought
not to be here and ought to resign. ,
Mr. HOAR here made an inquiry which was
inaudible to the reporter.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. By no
means ; I am simply endeavoring to fix the rate
ofpayatwhatl knowaman economically living
here with his family can live upon. My amend-
ment covers nothing more and a little less. I
do not believe that a man is bound to come
to Congress and get into a back room in the
third story of a boarding-house, climbing up
two or three flights of stairs at night when his
duties for the day are done. I think he ought
to live as ho does at home and receive enough
to pay his family expenses and to educate his
children. Now, that cannot be done on less
than $7,500. I am certain every man here
ought to have his living expenses, and that is
my experience of the cost of living here. I
am ready to go to my constituents on that,
and I know that they get their money in the
hardest way.
I know that the people of this country are
not half so much troubled about what salaries
we get as about what we do. If we can be in
a condition so that we can feel easy here to do
our duty we can better serve our constituents.
I do not want to put this amendment upon
any other grounds than the fair -and just con-
siderations which should influence members.
And I call attention to this great fact: that by
this amendment we cut off mileage and sta-
tionery and other allowances, so that even with
ecomical living $7,500 a year will not be more
thg,n enough to enable members to make both
ends meet.
Mr. DAWES. If it is not more than before,
what is the use of it?
[Here the hammer fell.]
The question was then takeu upon the amend
ment of Mr. Upson, to strike out of the amend-
ment moved by Mr. Butler, of Massachusetts,
all in relation to Senators, membersof Congress,
and Delegates of Forty-Second Congress, and
upon a division there were—ayes 60, noes 76.
Before the resultof the vote was announced,
Mr. UPSON called for tellers.
Tellers were not ordered, there being twenty
in the affirmative; not one fifth of a quorum.
The amendment was accordingly not agreed
to.
The question recurred upon the amendment
moved by Mr. Butler, of Massachusetts.
Mr. DAWES. I now move to amend the
amendment of my colleague [Mr. Butler] by
adding to it what I moved some time since to
substitute for it.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Bri,ngit
in as a separate propostion, and I will not object
to it.
Mr, DAWES. If I cannot get it adopted as
