718
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 20,
Such sums to be ascertained by the Committee on
Accounts, on the sworn statements of such members
or on properly authenticated vouchers.
Mr. POLAND. I demand the previous
question.
Mr. McCRARY. I move that the .resolu-
tion be referred to the Committee of Elec-
tions.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ver-
mont [Mr. Poland] is entitled in the first
place to a division on seconding the demand
for the previous question on the adoption of
the resolution. If the previous question should
not be seconded, the Chair will then recog-
nize the motion of the gentleman from Iowa.
On seconding the demand for the previous
question, the House divided; and there were—
ayes 61, noes 50—no quorum voting.
The SPEAKER, under the rule, ordered
tellers, and appointed Mr. Poland and Mr.
McCrary.
The House again divided ; and the tellers
reported—ayes 84, noes 52.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was ordered, which was
on the adoption of the resolution.
Mr. BURCHARD. I call for the yeas and
nays on the adoption of the resolution.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 89, nays 85, not voting
67 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Acker, Adams, Arthur. Erasmus
W. Beck, Bird. Boarman. Bright, Benjamin F. But-
ler, Roderick R. Butler, Carroll, Cobb, Coghlan,
Comingo, Conner, Cox, Crebs, Critcher, Crossland,
Dox, DuBose, Duke, Bunnell. Eldredge, Elliott,
Ely, Henry D. Foster, Garrett, Giddings, Goliad ay,
Griffith, Hambleton, Hancock, Hanks, Harper, Jobn
T. Harris, Hereford. Hibbard, Kendall, King.Lami-
son, Leach, Lewis, Maclntyre, Manson, McClelland,
McHenry, McJunkin, McKinney, MoNeely, Mer-
rick, Morey, Negloy, Niblack, Hosea W. Parker,
Isaac C. Parker, Perce, Porter, Price. Prindle,
Rainey, Randall, Read, John M. Rice, William R.
Roberts, Robinson, Roosevelt, Rusk, Sherwood,
Slater, Slooum, Sloss, Speer, Stevens, Storm, Swann,
Terry. Thomas-Turner, Tuthill, Van Trump, Voor-
hees.Vaughan, Waddell, Wakeman,Warren, White-
ley, Winchester, Wood, and Young—89.
NAYS—Messrs. Ambler, Archer. Barber, Beatty,
Austin Blair, Buokley, Buffinton, Bunnell. Bur-
ohard, Buvdett, Coburn, Conger. Cotton, Dawes,
Oonn.au. Duell, Eames,Ksty, Farnsworth, Farwell,
FinkeluDurg.WilderD. Foster, Frye, Garfield, Hale,
Harmer, George E. Harris, Havens, John B. Hawley,
Joseph R. Hawley, Hay, Gerry W. 11 ay. el ton, Hill,
Hoar. Holmau, Hooper, Houghton, Kelley, Kellogg,
iuftwULu. xuvuiuv) iiiui^ U| vrr# JL HCKtiru9
Palmer* Pendleton, Peters, Plafcfc, Edward Y. Itioe,
Ellis H. Roberts, Sargent, Sawyer, Sessions, Shanks,
Sbellabarger, Shoemaker, H. Boar damn Smith,
John A. Smith, Worthington C. Smith, Snapp,
Starkweather, Stevenson, Stougbton, Sutherland,
T&ffie, Washington Townaend, Twichell, Tyner,
Walden, Waldron, Welts, Wheeler, Wiliard, and
John T. Wilson—85.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ames, Averill, Banks,
Barnum, Barry, James B.Beck, Bell, Bigby, Biggs,
Bingham, James G. Blair. Boles, Braxton, Brooks,
Caldwell, Campbell, Clarke. Creely, Crocker, D&r-
rall, Davis, Do Large, Dickey, Dodds, Forker,
Charles Poster, Getz, Goodrich, Haldeman, XIalsey,
Handley, Hays, John W. Hazelton, Herndon,
Ketcham, Kinsella, Lowe, Marshall, McKee, Ben-
jamin P. Meyers, Morphis, Leonard Myers,
Packer, Peck. Perry, Pobnd, Potter, Ritchie, John
Rogers, bion H. Rogers, Scofield, Seelev, Sheldon,
Shober, Snyder, Sprague, Stowell, St. John, Sypher,
Dwight TownSend, Upson, Wallace, Walls, Whit-
thorne, Williams of Indiana, Williams of New York,
aad Jefemiah M.Wilson—67.
So the resolution waa adopted.
Mr. POLAND moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
Mr. McCRARY, I call for the yeas and
nays on the motion to lay the motion to recon-
sider on the tabic.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 90, nays 88, not voting
63; as follows:
Messrs. Acker, Arthur, Banks, Erasmus
W. Beck, James B. Beck, Bird, Boarman, Bright,
Benjamin F, Butler. Roderick R. Butlor, Caldwell,
Carroll, Cobb, Comingo, Conner, Cox, Crebs, Crit-
cher, Crossland, Dodds, Dox, DuBose. Duke, Dun-
nell, Eluredge, Ely, Henry D. Foster, Garrett, Oetz,
Golladay, Griffith, Hambleton, Hancock, Hanks,
Harper, George E. Harris, John T. Harris, Here-
ford, Hibbard, King, Lamison, teach, Lewis, Man-
son, McClelland, McHenry, McJunkin. McKee, Mc-
Kinney, McNeely, Merrick, Morey, Niblasck, Hosea
W. Parker, Isaae C. Parker, Perce, Perry. Poland.
Price, Prindle, Randall, Read, John M. Rice, Wil-
liam R. Roberts, Robinson, John Rogers, Sion H.
Rogers, Roosevelt, Sherwood, Slater, Slooum, Sloss,
Speer, Stevens, Storm. Swann, Terry, Thomas, Tut-
hilj, Van Trump, Vaughan. Voorhees, Waddell,
Wakeman, Warren, Wells, Whiteley, Winchester,
Wood, and Young—90.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams. Anfblcr, Averill, Barber,
Beatty, Austin Blair, Buckley, Buffinton, Bunnell,
Burchard, Burdett, Coburn, Coghlan, Conger, Cot-
ton, Dawes, Donnan, Dueil, Eames. Elliott, Esty.
Farnsworth, 1'arwell, Finkelnburg, Wilder D. Fos-
ter, Frye, Garfield, Harmer, Havens, John B. Haw-
ley, Joseph R. Hawley, Hay, Gerry W. Hazelton,
Hoar, Holman, Hooper, Houghton, Kelley, Kellogg,
Kerr, Killinger, Lamport, Lansing, Lynch, May-
nard, McCormick. McCrary, McGrew, Merriam,
Mitchell, Monroe, Moore, Morgan, Leonard Myers,
Orr, Packard, Palmer, Pendleton. Peters. Piatt,
Porter, Rainey, Edward Y. Rice, Ellis H. Roberts,
Sargent, Sawyer, Sessions, Shellabarger, Shoemaker,
H. Boardman Smith, John A. Smith, Worthington
C. Smith, Snapp, Sprague, Starkweather, Steven-
son, Stougbton, Stowell, St. John,Washington Town-
send. Twichell, Tyner, Upson, Walden, Waldron,
Wheeler, Wiliard, and John T. Wilson—88.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ames, Archer, Barnum,
Barry, Bell, Bigby, Biggs, Bingham, James G. Blair,
Boles, Braxton, Brooks, Campbell, Clarke, Creely,
Crocker, Darrall, Davis, De Large, Dickey, Forker,
Charles Foster, biddings. Goodrich, Haldeman,
Hale, H&lsey, Handles', Hays, John W. Hazelton,
Herndon, Hill, Kendall, Ketcham, Kinsella. Lowe,
Maclntyre, Marshall, Benjamin F. Meyers, Morphis,
Negley. Packer, Peck, Potter, Ritchie, Rusk, Sco-
field, Seeley, Shanks. Sheldon. Shober, Snyder,
Sutherland, Sypher, Taffe, Dwight Townsend, Tur-
ner, Wallace. Walls, Whitthorne, Williams of Indi-
ana, Williams of New York, and Jeremiah M.
Wilson—£3.
During the roll-call the following proceedings
took place:
Mr. SLOSS. I desire to state that my col-
league [Mr. Hays] is detained from the House
by sickness.
Mr. HAWLEY, of Connecticut. I desire
to raise a point of order just here, and the
Speaker can tell me whether I am right, for
perhaps I am out of_ order myself. The poin t
of order I make is this: Rale 29 provides that—
"No member shall vote on any question in the
event of which he is immediately and particularly
interested."
The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman indi-
cate the members whom he supposes to have
voted improperly?
Mr. HAWLEY, of Connecticut. I am cred-
ibly informed that the persons who will receive
large bills under this resolution are as follows :
Mr. Conner, of Texas; Mr. Wallace, of
South Carolina ; Mr. B. F. Meyers, of Penn-
sylvania; Mr. Handley, of Alabama; Mr.
Braxton, of Virginia; and Mr. Giddings, of
Texas. I am informed, I cannot state cer-
tainly, that they have all voted for this reso-
lution.
Mr. HANDLEY. The gentleman is mis-
taken as to me; I have not voted.
Mr. BRAXTON. The gentleman is entirely
mistaken ; my name is not upon the record on
any one of these questions.
Mr. HANDLEY. I state that I have not
voted.
Mr. WALLACE. And I state that I have
not voted.
Mr. CONNER. So far as I am concerned,
the House passed a bill for my relief, which is
now pending in the Senate, and I do not see
that this resolution affects me at all. My
claim was for a different Congress. My con-
test was pending in the Forty-First Congress.
I have had no contest in this Congress.
Mr. HAWLEY, of Connecticut. Then I
withdraw the names of Mr. Benjamin F. Mey-
ers, of Pennsylvania, and Mr. Handley, of
Alabama. I have not heard any other dis-
claimer.
The SPEAKER. Mr. Wallace, of South
Carolina, has stated that he did not vote, and
also the gentleman from Virginia, Mr. Brax-
ton.
Mr. BRAXTON. I desire the gentleman
from Connecticut to withdraw my name also,
if he pleases.
Mr. HAWLEY, of Connecticut. I am told
that the gentleman from Virginia, Mr. Brax-
ton, and the gentleman from South Carolina,
Mr. Wallace, did not vote, and I withdraw
their names. I should state that I received
my information from a member of the Com-
mittee of Elections.
Mr. BRAXTON. Next time let your in-
formation be more accurate before you make
such an insinuation.
Mr. HAWLEY, of Connecticut. I include
the names of Mr. Conner and Mr. Giddings,
of Tcxfis
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands
that Mr. Conner is not interested in this reso-
lution ; that no money appropriated under it
can go into his pocket.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I voted for this resolu-
tion. I do not kuow whether I am interested
or not. I am one of the successful contest-
ants, and I now withdraw my vote.
Mr. B. F. MEYERS. I do not know whether
my name is recorded or not, but if it is I with-
draw my vote.
Mr. HAWLEY, of Connecticut. I trust
the House will permit me to say that there
was no time for me to investigate the roll; I
took the statement of a gentleman whom I
supposed was well informed. I regret that I
included the names of gentlemen who had not
voted.
Mr. STORM. I hope the gentleman will
make the same objection when gentlemen
holding stock in national banks or in railroad
corporations vote upon questions in which
they are directly interested.
Mr. HAWLEY, of Connecticut. That does
not hit me certainly.
The SPEAKER. Gentlemen of course
know that this is the most delicate point upon
which a ruling is ever called for; but the dis-
tinction is very plain: where a bill votes money
directly into the pocket of any member, in-
dividually, the rule applies to that case; but
the rulings have been very strong and very
numerous to this effect, that where it may be
shown that a member may be benefited by
an act of legislation which is common to a
whole community, the point of order does not
lie against him. It rests upon his conscience
and upon his responsibility to his constituents,
but not upon the ruling of the Chair.
Mr. MACINTYRE. I desire to withdraw
my vote on this question, as it mav be said
that I will be personally benefited by*the pass-
age of this resolution.
Mr. STEVENSON. I would ask for in-
formation whether the objection applies to
members of corporations, stockholders, &c.?
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not pro-
pose to rule upon hypothetical cases.
The result of the vote was announced as
above recorded.
order of business.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
expired. Before proceeding to other busi-
ness, the Chair will give opportunity to gentle-
men, who were not in when their States were
called, to now introduce bills and joint resolu-
tions, only for reference to their appropriate
committees, not to be brought back into the
House by motions to reconsider.
martha j. coston.
Mr. ELY introduced a bill (H. R. No. 3599)
for the relief of Martha J. Coston ; which was
read a first and second time, ordered to be
printed, and referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
thomas wicks.
Mr. ELDREDGE introduced a bill (H. R
No. 3600) for the relief of Thomas Wicks, of
Plymouth, Wisconsin ; which was read a first
and second time, ordered to be printed, and
referred to the Committee of Claims.
george burchard.
Mr. ELDREDGE also introduced a bill (II.
R. No. 3601) for the relief of George Burchard'
of Greenbush, Wisconsin; which was read a
