1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1681
2824) lor the relief of Henry H. Stafford, late
receiver of public moneys at Marquette, Mich-
igan, reported it without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 4009) for
the relief of Lieutenant John F. Wotring, a
resident pf the State of Michigan, reported ad-
versely thereon; and the bill was postponed
indefinitely.
Mr. HOWE. The same committee have
instructed me to report back once more the
bill (H. R. No. 1187) for the relief of Jacob
E. Davis, of Richmond county, Georgia. The
committee reported adversely on this bill early
in the session, but it was recommitted, and the
claimant submitted some additional testimony
in the shape of a certificate from the late Com-
missioner of the Freedman's Bureau. The
Commissioner since that time, however, has
been down and examined this certificate, and
concluded he was mistaken, and asked leave
to withdraw it; and the committee are there-
fore compelled to report the case upon the
testimony as it stood before, and they again
report it adversely and recommend its indef-
inite postponement.
The bill was postponed indefinitely.
PENSION LAWS.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate the message of the House of Represent-
atives communicating its action on the amend-
ments of the Senate to the bill (H. R. No. 2312)
to revise, consolidate, and amend the laws re-
lating to pensions, disagreed to by the House
of Representatives.
On motion of Mr. PRATT, it was
JResolved, ThattheSenateinsistupon theiramend-
ments to the said bill, disagreed to by the House of
Representatives, aud agreed to the eon ference asked
by the House on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses thereon.
By unanimous consent, it was
Ordered, That the conferees on the part of the
Senate be appointed by the Vice President.
Mr. Pitatt, Mr. Ferry of Connecticut, and
Mr. Saclsbuky were appointed the committee
of conference on the part of the Senate.
commissioners of claims.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate the message of the House of Repre.
sentatives communicating its action on the
amendments of the Senate to the bill (H. R.
No. 3088) to extend for four years the act es-
tablishing the board of commissioners of
claims and the acts relating thereto.
On motion of Mr. HOWE, it was
Resolved, That the Senate insist upon their amend-
ments to the said bill disagreed to by the House of
Representatives, and agree to the conferences asked
by the House on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses thereon.
By unanimous consent, it was
Ordered, That the conferees on the part of the
Senate be appointed by the Vice President.
Messrs. Howe, Weight, and Davis were
appointed the committee of conference on the
part of the Senate.
agbiccltckal colleges.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I feel it my
duty to call up Senate bill No. 093, the bill
known as the national college bill, for the
purpose of concurring in. the amendment made
by the House ot* Representatives, It is a bill
that has passed by a two-thirds vote in the
House, and has passed in this body by a vote
of three to one, and I think it is of more
importance than perhaps almost any other
bill before us. I therefore move to postpone
all prior orders for the purpose of taking up
this bill with a view to concur in the amend-
ment made by the House. I think we can
dispose of it in the morning hour.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Ihe Senator
from Vermont moves to postpone the Calen-
dar for the purpose of considering the amend-
ment of the House of Representatives to the
bill indicated by him. -   ,
Mr. EDMUNDS. I thought the general
4"ji) CUKU. 3D SESS,—55o. 106.
understanding was, (though I do not know but
that is the best possible reason for the Senate
always breaking it,) that aside from the indis-
pensable time needed for the appropriation
bills, the bill reported by the Senator from
New Jersey [Mr. Frelinghuysen] respecting
affairs in Utah should be considered, and I
hope my friend and colleague will not antago-
nize the bill that he names against that or any-
thing else until we get that disposed of. Act-
ing for the Senator from New Jersey, who is
obliged to be down stairs this morning in com-
mittee, I had intended to move presently, after
we had made a little progress with the Calen-
dar, to take up the Utah bill, and I hope my
colleague will not insist on crowding out the
Utah bill with this.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Why, Mr.
President, with the usual fortune of the Sen-
ate, we shall consume more time in discussing
whether we shall take up this bill or not than
would be required to take it up and pass upon
it. All that I ask is that we may take it up and
vote upon it. The friends of the measure do
not desire to occupy any time in discussion,
and I think it can be disposed of in a very
brief period. I therefore insist on my motion.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope the Senator will
not take away from1",he private claimants whose
bills are on the Calendar probably the last
chance they will have of an opportunity to be
heard. I think it would be a great deal wiser
for us to go on in the half hour we have left
of the morning hour and dispose as far as we
can of the Calendar, and then 1 shall feel
bound to vote to take up the bill in regard to
Utah.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The Senator
knows this is about the only time there will
be to pass this bill. I did not expect the Sen-
ator to vote for it, but I hope he will not resist
the large vote of the two Houses to have final
action on the bill to which I have called atten-
tion.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think it is a great deal
more important for us to spend half an hour
in doing justice to a few individual claimants
than it is to take up that bill. I do not wish
t,o discuss it.
Mr. FLANAGAN. I hope that the bill
referred to by the Senator from Vermont [Mr.
Morrill] will be taken up. I believe it is the
first one I advocated in the Senate by making
any remarks upon, and I believe there can be
no more important one before Congress. As
to the private claimants spoken of by my dis-
tinguished friend from Ohio, every individual
of them is directly interested in this bill. It is
not excluding any one in any manner or shape,
but they are all directly interested in it. It is
a very important measure, and I do hope it may
be taken up and acted upon.
Mr. CLAYTON. I join in what is said by
the Senator from Texas. I know that the bill
is regarded by the citizens of my State as one
of the most important bills before Congress.
The Legislature of the State has memorialized
Congress in favor of the passage of the bill,
and I do hope it will be takeu up and disposed
Mr. TIPTON. We knew something of this
bill when it was before us as a Senate bill j but
the amendment of the House proposes to
strike out all after the enacting clause and
insert a new bill. There will be a desire on
the part of many Senators, as this is a ques-
tion of lands, to have it referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lauds; and I am certain,
therefore, that it will not be immediately
passed by this body.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Vermont.
Mr. CON KLIN G. I should not saya word
about this except for a remark of the Senator
from Vermont which implies that the bill if
taken up now may come up with some under-
standing, more or less, that a vote shall be
taken without discussion. I wish to say, for
one, restrained as I a"i at this moment from
adverting to the merits of this bill, that if it
shall be taken up, I wish to assign (and I shall
do it, of course, as briefly as I can) the reason
why I cannot vote for the House bill. There-
fore, while I do not feel called upon to do any-
thing more than to vote against its considera-
tion at this time, which I think would not
occur with that deliberation which the subject
demands, I wish to say frankly that when the
bill is taken up, I shall urge, as briefly as I
may, the reasons why I think we should not
at this time adopt such a measure as the House
has sent us.
Mr. COLE. I hope the Senator from Ver-
mont, after what has been demonstrated, will
withdraw his motion, and let us go on with the
Calendar in the ordinary way,"and not waste
the whole morning hour, as is imminent now,
upon this motion to take up a bill which he
knows will not be disposed of.
Mr. HAMLIN. It was my understanding
with that of the Senator from Vermont [Mr.
Edmunds] that we were to give consideration
to the bill to which he has alluded. It was
also my understanding that we were to con-
sider the bills which were pending between the
two branches of Congress on disagreeing votes.
The one was as much my understanding as the
other. Now the very reason which the Senator
from New York has given inspires me with a
very strong desire that the bill should be taken
up now. I shall be delighted to listen to what
he may have to say on the subject; and as we
are to have a discussion, and as the bill is an
important one, I think now is the true time
to take it up, and I shall listen with great
pleasure to what the Senator has to say upon it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Vermont to
proceed to the consideration of the amend-
ment of the House of Representatives to Sen-
ate bill No. 698.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. This is too
important a question to pass without the yeas
and nays, and I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 25, nays 19 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Blair, Boreman, Brownlow,
Clayton, Cragin, Flanagan, Hamlm, Harlan, Hill,
Johnston, Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Vermont,
Norwood, Nye, Osborn, Patterson, Pool, Ransom,
Sawyer, Schurz, Soott, Spencer, Sprague, and
Tff nidi c 1^0
NAYS —Messrs. Anthony, Caldwell, Casserly,
Chandler, Cole, Conkling, Edmunds, Ferry ol Con-
necticut, Goldthwaite. Hamilton oi Maryland, Ham-
ilton of Texas, Pratt, Ramsey, Eobert-oi^bherman,
Tipton, Trumbull, Wilon, and Windom—19.
ABSENT—Messrs. Alcorn, Bayard, Buckingham,
Cameron, Carpenter, Cooper, Corbett, Davis, Eenton,
Perry of Michigan, Frelinghuysen, Gilbert, Hitch-
cock, Howe, Kelly, Lewis, Logan, Maclien, Morton,
Pomeroy, Rioo, Saulsbury, Stevenson, Stewart.
Stockton, Sumner, Thurman,Tickers. and W est—a),
So the motion was agreed to ; and the Sen-
ate proceeded to consider the amendment of
the House of Representatives to the bill (S.
No. 693) to provide for the further endowment
and support of colleges for the benefit of agri-
culture and the mechanics arts, and the liberal
aud practical education of the industrial classes
in the several pursuits and professions in life, as
established under an act of Congress approved
July 2, 1862.
The amendment of the House of Represen-
tatives was read, being to strike put all of the
biil after the enacting clause and in lieu thereof
to insert the following:
That for the more complete endowment and sup-
port of colleges established under the provisions of
an act of Congress approved July 2, 1862, entitled
"An act donating public lands to the several States
and Territories which may provide colleges tor the
benefit of agriculture and the mechanic arts, there
is hereby appropriated to each State m which such
colleges have been, or, within five years from the
parage of this act, may be. put into actual opera-
tion, and to the District of Columbia, a part ot the
nroceeds of the sales of public lands, to be distribu-
ted in such amounts and in such payments as are
hereinafter provided for, and on such conditions as
to the application and management of ^ the sum
hereby appropriated as are prescribed in tne act
hereinbefore mentioned. . ..
Sec. 2. That whenever the Secretary of the In-
terior shall have the certificate of the Governor ot
any State or other satisfactory evidence that such
