1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1683
and a committee of conference asked for, I
should just as soon have that action taken as a
concurrence; but at all events I trust the
Senate ia not prepared to refer this matter to
the Committee on Public Lands, which will
be "the tomb of the capulets" so far as this
bill is concerned.
Mr. HAMLIN. What is the distinct motion
now before the Senate ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. To refer the bill
to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. HAMLIN. Does that take precedence
of the motion to non-concur and ask for a con-
fgfQQCC
The VICE PRESIDENT. By the eleventh
rule it has priority.
Mr. HAMLIN. Then I suppose, whatever
may be the intention, the effect of the refer-
ence will be to kill the bill; and the friends of
the bill therefore ought to vote agafnst the
r6f^r6nC6
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning
hour has expired.
Mr. EDMUNDS. There is nothing pending
at twelve o'clock.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Calendar,
under the Anthony rule, is pending when the
morning hour expires.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I move to
postpone all prior orders for the purpose of
continuing this bill before the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Calendar,
under the Anthony rule, being now, by order
of the Senate, before the Senate, the Senator
from Vermont moves to postpone it for the
purpose of continuing the further considera-
tion of the subject which has been under
discussion.
Mr. HAMLIN. There is no unfinished busi-
ness.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There is no un-
finished business; but there is an order in
force that every day after the morning hour
expires the Calendar shall come up unless
otherwise ordered at that time by the Senate ;
and there is also a supplemental order made
on the motion of the Senator from Ohio [Mr.
Sherman] that it shall come up at any other
time when there is no business pending.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The Chair is right.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Calendar
being before the Senate, the Senator from Ver-
mont moves to postpone its further considera-
tion for the purpose of continuing the consid-
eration of the college bill.
Mr. MORTON. I rise to a question of priv-
ilege. I move that the Senate proceed to the
consideration of the resolution reported from
the Committee on Privileges and Elections in
regard to Mr. Caldwell, Senator from Kansas.
Mr. MOREILL, of Vermont. I ask the
Senator from Indiana to allow this question
to be finished. It is now before the Senate
and will not take any more time to-day than
any other day. ,
Mr. LOGAN. I move that the resolution
Preference to Mr. Caldwell be postponed
until to morrow. .
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is not yet
reached. The Senator from Indiana enters his
motion as a question of privilege;; bat the pend-
ing question is before the Senate, which has
been stated by the Chair, on motion of the
Senator from Vermont. The Senator from
Illinois, a colleague of the Senator from Indi-
ana upon the Committee on Privileges and
Elections, desires the case of Mr. Caldwell to
go over until to morrow. If that view should
prevail, of course it would not be before the
Senate at all to-day.
Mr. MORTON. I make the motion. I can-
not waive it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. All that the
Chair can do is to allow the motion to be en-
tered on the Journal. The pending motion
must first be submitted to the Senate, which ia
the motion of the Senator from Vermont to
postpone the further consideration of the Cal-
endar for the purpose of taking action on the
college bill.
Mr. WEST. With a view of inducing the
Senate to take tip the Army appropriation
bill I now move to lay the motion of the
Senator from Vermont on the table.
The VICE PRESIDENT. ■ It has been de-
cided that & motion to postpone the further
consideration of a bill cannot be laid on the
table. It is an independent motion which
must be acted on. -This is a motion to post-
pone the further consideration of the Calendar
for the purpose of continuing the consideration
of this bill.
Mr. WEST: Very well; let us take a vote
on it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The Army
bill is sure to pass, and this bill will take no
more time to-day than any ether day.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Vermont
to postpone the Calendar and continue the
consideration of the college bill.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I ask for the
yeas and nays. I am in ear Best about this
bill, and I want to meet the question.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. COLE. Does the college bill come up
without any further motion if this motion
prevails?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will if this
Motion prevails.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 32, nays 19; as follows:
TEAS—Messrs. Alcorn, Ames, Blair, Boreman,
Brownlow, Carpenter, Clayton, Davis, Edmunds,
Flanagan, Hamlin, Harlan, Hill, Hitchcock, Howe,
Johnston, Lewis, Morrill of Vermont, Norwood,
Nye, Osborn, Patterson, Pool, Hansom, Rice, Saw-
der, Schurz, Scott, Spencer, Sprague, Stewart, and
N$YS—Messrs. Casserly.Cole, Conkling, Cooper,
Fenton, Ferry of Connecticut, Goldthwaite, Hamil-
ton of Maryland, Maehen, Morton, Pratt, Ramsey,
Robertson, Sherman, Tipton, Trumbull, West, Wil-
son, and Windoin—19. .
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Bucking-
ham, Caldwell, Cameron, Chandler, Corbett, Cragm,
Ferry of Michigan, Frelinghnysen, Gilbert, Hamil-
ton of Texas, Kelly, Logan, Morrill of Maine, Pome-
roy, Salisbury, Stevenson, Stockton, Sumner, Thur-
man, and Vickers—22.
So the motion was agreed to ; and the ques-
tion recurred on Mr. Wisdom's motion to refer
to the Committee on Public Lands Senate bill
No. 693, with the amendment of the House of
Representatives thereto.
Mr. TIPTON. I desire that this bill shall
be referred to the Committee on Public Lands,
first, because I see in it the unavoidable ele-
ments of a conflict with the homestead and
preemption system of the country. The in-
terest of this education bill will be that sales
shall be large and that locations for home-
steads shall be few. The larger the amount
that is sold, the better for this agricultural
college fund : and though we have no actual
hostility to-day, in a few years from the present
time, when the best lands of the country have
either gone by sale or by location as homesteads,
then will come the question which will try the
Senate and the House of Representatives.
When the homesteads shall have been taken
until the best and most available lands of the
country are exhausted, then the colleges oi
the country everywhere will feel a desire to
see homesteading curtailed in order to in-
crease the sale of the public lands that they
may be benefited in the five per cent, fund
and in the amount that is to be distributed m
money to the various colleges of the country.
Whenever that time shall come, then you will
have arrayed againt the homesteader, against
the preemptor, an apparent educational inter-
est. You will have commenced in every State
new buildings, you will have been widely ex-
tending your agricultural educational system,
and it will require so much more money to
carry up your superstructure and complete it
than perhaps was originally anticipated, that
you will demand move and more of a curtail-
ment of homesteading and of preempting in
favor of the accumulation of your educational
fund.
This will be the inevitable tendency of the
system, not indicated at first in its operations
for a few years, but in a very short time it will
run into it and ultimately you will aggrandize
the whole interest of the homesteading and of
the preempting system of the country for the
benefit of this new system of endowing agri-
cultural colleges. You cannot go to the poor
man then and say " It is in your interest." He
will tell you that the Government already has
endowed the common-school system for his
children and for their deeendants, and that it
was not necessary therefore to rob them of
homes for the purpose of educating others
who were amply able to educate themselves.
And then you cannot tell me and you cannot
tell any man who has any experience in the
country that the simple fact of so endowing
some of your colleges as that tuition shall be
free is equivalent to opening up to all the
youth of this land free access to the higher
educational institutions of the country. It is
not the mere tuition expense that bears
against the poor. It is all the other incidental
expenses of board and books, and loss of time
from labor, being of the laboring class; and it
is not therefore the simple fact that you give
free tuition that is to fill your colleges here-
after to repletion.
I fear, therefore, the encroachment of this
unlimited bill upon the homesteading interest
of the country; and believing that that would
ultimately be the result, I cannot vote for this
bill, with any degree of interest at least, until
after I shall have seen it referred, and its
probable influence on the homesteading in-
terest of the country ventilated by the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
This is the first point to which I call atten-
tion. I would make others, but I shall satisfy
myself with this, not wishing to encroach upon
the time of the Senate.
Mr. MORTON. I gave notice on Saturday
that at the expiration of the morning hour to- day
I should move to take up the resolution reported
by the Committee on Privileges and Elections
in regard to Mr. Caldwell. I have a duty to
perform in regard to it, however disagreeable
it may be, and the Senate has a duty. And
now, sir, I move to lay the pending bill on the
table for the purpose of taking up that resolu-
tion.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Before the
Senator makes that motion 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Indiana yield to the Senator from
Vermont? The motion is not debatable.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I merely
desired to put to the Senator the query whether
it is necessary to act 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Indiana yield to the Senator from
Vermont for an inquiry ?
Mr. MORTON. Yes, sir.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I desire to
ask the Senator a question. The Senator yields,
1 understand. I ask whether it is absolutely
necessary that we act on that question at this
session? The Senator has heard tne question
put to him by his colleague on the committee
requesting that it may go over until to-mor-
row. I think the general sentiment of the
Senate is that that question which is urged by
the Senator from Indiana should go over until
after the 4th of March.
Mr. MORTON. And then, Mr. Presi-
dent 
Mr. SCOTT. Will the Senator permit me
to make a statement in justice to my col-
league, [Mr. Camebon?] My colleague left
here on Friday at a time when Tuesday was
fixed as the day upon which this motion would
be made, and he made his arrangements to be
absent until Tuesday. He now telegraphs me
that it is impossible for him to be here before
Tuesday and that he desires very much to be
