m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 21,
rules were suspended, the substitute agreed
to, and the bill as amended passed.
Mr. PLATT. I wish to know what has
become of the amendatory bill of the gentle-
man from Ohio, [Mr. Bingham.]
The SPEA.KER. It is not before the
House.
Mr. PLATT. Can we not have permission
of the House that the bankrupt law, for the
six months during which it shall yet remain
in force, shall apply to the States which have
never yet enjoyed its advantages? I ask the
House to give us the poor privilege of having
for six months the benefits of that act in States
which have heretofore been deprived of them.
The SPEAKER. The bill of the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Bingham] is not before the
House.
vienna exposition.
Mr. BANKS. I ask the House to take
from the Speaker's table House bill No. 170,
for the appointment of commissioners to the
Vienna exposition. My object is to move an
amendment reducing the appropriation from
$300,000 to $200,000, and making the salary
of the commissioners $1,000 instead of $2,000.
I hope there will be no objection to the con-
sideration of the measure.
Mr. RANDALL. Will the gentleman allow
a further amendment as to the number of
commissioners ?
Mr. BANKS. Yes, sir.
Mr. HOLMAN. I do not think we can
properly consider this question now. I move
that the House adjourn.
Mr. BANKS. 1 hope the House will not
adjourn. This matter will take no time.
The motion of Mr. Holuan was agreed to;
and accordingly (at four o'clock and ten min-
utes p. m.) the House adjourned.
PETITIONS, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. BCJPFINTON: The memorial of
Joshua Y. Bearse and 34 others, citizens of
Chatham, Massachusetts, praying Congress
for the passage of an act making goods im-
ported from foreign countries and remaining
vii original cases subject to taxation for State
and municipal purposes at the same rate as
other merchandise held by citizens of the State.
By Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts: The
petition of citizens of Boston, for legislation for
the better protection of immigrants.
Also, the petition of professors of West
Point Military Academy, for legislation rela-
tive to rank and pay.
By Mr. CHIPMAN: The petition of A. H.
F. Hain, for a pension.
By Mr. COGHLAN : The memorial of Cap-
tain A. (J. Clary, praying restoration to his
original position on the Navy Register.
By Mr. COX: The memorial of Commodore
Bissell, United States Navy.
By Mr. DAWES : The petition of the Sons
of Temperance and Good Templars of Spring-
field, Massachusetts, for liquor prohibition in
the Territories and the District of Columbia.
By Mr. DUELL: The petition of Daniel
S. Dean, praying an amendment of the act
approved July 16, 1870.
Also, the petition and accompanying papers
of Catherine H. Peck, of Lisle, Broome county,
New York, asking reimbursement for certain
United Stales Treasury notes accidentally de-
stroyed by fire.
By Mr. DUNNELL: The petition of Daniel
Cameron and 250 others, asking the passage of
House bill No. 3099, to authorize the Milwau-
kee and St. Paul Railway Company to con-
nect their line of railway by a bridge across
the Mississippi river at North La Crosse,
Wisconsin.
By Mr. ELY: The petition of C. H. Mar-
shall & Co., Grinnell, Minturn & Co., and
others, for a marine hospital in New York.
By Mr. GrARFlELD, of Ohio: The peti-
tion of the president and faculty of the Ohio
Wesleyan University, asking Congress to use
the Japanese indemnity fund for educational
purposes in Japan.
By Mr. HANDLEY: The memorial of
merchants and the Board of Trade of Mobile,
Alabama, asking the passage of a law to relieve
persons from paying custom-house duties the
second time. .
By Mr. HAWLEY, of Connecticut: The
petition of Lizzie H. Kilbourne, of Hartford,
Connecticut, for the passage of a bill for the
payment of the French spoliation claims.
Also, the petition of the officers of the
Middlesex County (Connecticut) Temperance
Union, and of Lucian Burleigh, State agent
of the Connecticut State Temperance Union,
for a law prohibiting the manufacture or sale
as a beverage of intoxicating liquors in the
Territories or the District of Columbia.
By Mr. LAMISON: The memorial of
George H. Miley and' 10 others, citizens of
Allen county, Ohio, praying that the act of
February 14, 1871, granting pensions to the
soldiers and sailors engaged in the war of
1812, be so amended as to include teams-
ters &c.
By Mr. LAMPORT: The petition of S3
citizens of New York, asking the prohibition
of the manufacture, importation, and sale of
all intoxicating liquors to be used as a bever-
age in the Territories of the United States and
in the District of Columbia.
By Mr. McCRARY: The petition of the
Grand Lodge of the Independent Order of
Good Templars of the United States, pray-
ing the prohibition of the manufacture, im-
portation, and sale of intoxicating liquors to
be used as a beverage in the Territories of
the United States and in the District of
Columbia.
By Mr. MERRICK: The petition of John
H. Key and others, for indemnity for French
spoliations prior t.0 1801.
By Mr. PACKARD: The petition of citi-
zens of Lake county, Indiana, asking that, the
name of Maria Folsom be placed on the pen-
sion-roll.
By Mr. RANDALL: The petition of cap-
tains and owners of vessels, and sailors, asking
the repeal of an act of Congress authorizing
the appointment of shipping commissioners,
approved June 6, 1872.
By Mr. RUSK: The petition of late soldiers
of Wisconsin, asking the establishment of in-
dustrial homes and training schools for the
orphans of the soldiers and sailors of the late
war.
By Mr. SARGENT: The memorial of the
officers and members of the National Women's
Suffrage Association, asking for legislation by
Congress at its present session protecting
women citizens in their right to vote.
Also, a petition of 1,500 citizens, for the
same object.
By Mr. SLOCUM : The memorial of King's
County Temperance Society.
Also, the memorial of Grand Division of
Sons of Temperance of eastern New York.
By Mr. STEVENSON : The petition of
Thomas B. Gaddis, for relief.
By Mr. SWANN : The memorial of the
Friends' Library and Literary Association of
the Society of Friends, of Baltimore, Mary-
land, asking a commission of inquiry concern-
ing the results of the traffic in intoxicating
liquors; also, asking for restrictive and pro-
hibitory legislation for the suppression of
intemperance.
Also, the petition of Dr. W. A. Smith and
S. M. Trovers and others, of Dorchester county,
Maryland, asking Congress to make an appro-
priation to remove the bar at the mouth of
Slaughter river, Maryland.
By Mr. VOORHEES: The memorial of R.
L. Law, commander in United States Navy,
asking restoration to his proper rank in the
naval service of the United States.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, January 21, 1873.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. P. New-
man, D. D. ,.
The Journal of yesterday's proceedings was
read and approved.
report os mining statistics.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate aconcurrcntresolution of the House of
Representatives for the printing of seventy two
hundred and "fifty copies of the last report ot the
United States commissioner of mining statis-
tics, with accompanying engravings ; which was
referred to the Committee on Printing.
john f. hanks veto message.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair lays
before the Senate a message from the House
of Representatives, stating that the President
of the United States having returned to the
House of Representatives, in which it origin-
ated, the bill entitled "An act (H. R. No.
1550) for the relief cf the estate of Dr. John
F. Hanks," with bis objections thereto, the
House of Representatives proceeded, in ac-
cordance with the Constitution, to reconsider
the same, and had
Remloed, That the said bill do pass, two thirds of
the House of Representatives agreeing to pas3 the
same.
The message of the President, with the bill,
is now submitted to the Senate according to
the Constitution, and the Secretary will read
the message.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
To the House of Representatives :
I herewith return for the further consideration of
Congress, without my approval, House bill No. 1550,
an act for the relief of the estate of Dr. John 3?.
Hanks, for the reason that the records of the
Treasury Department show that the current moneys
taken by Cuioucl S. B. Holabird from the Louisiana
State Bank of New Orleans, in the month of August,
1862, were accounted for by that officer to the Treas-
ury Department, and the names of the depositors
given, and that the name of Dr. John Hanks does
ndt appear among- them.
It also appears, from the records of the Treasury
Department, that among the effects taken Irom the
Louisiana State Bank of New Orleans was the sum
of $1,729 of confederate money, and that the said
sum stood upon the books of said bank to 'the credit
of J. P. Hanks.
It is but justice, however, to the executors of the
estate of Dr. Hanks to state that there is every
reason to believe that the money deposited by Dr.
Hanks in the Louisiana State Bank was in cur-
rent funds, and that when application was made to
Congress for the recovery of the same they believed
and had evidence to satisfy them that such funds
had found their way into theTreasury of the United
States. There has, unquestionably, been a mistake
made either by the officers of the Louisiana State
Bank or the persons engaged in removing the funds
of that bauk, by which the estate of Dr. Hanks is
loser to the amount of relief afforded by House bill
No. 1550.
Accompanying this I send the statement, furnished
by the Secretary of the Treasury, of all funds covered
into his Department, or accounted for through it,
arising from the seizure of the iunds in the Louis-
iana State Bank of Now Orleans in the month of
August, 1862. U. S. GRANT.
Executive Mansion, March 28,1872.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move that the bill and
message be referred to the Committee on
Claims.
Ihe VICE PRESIDENT. The question
under the Constitution is, 4' "Will the Senate
agree to pass this bill, the objections of the
President to the. contrary notwithstanding?"
and the Senator from Vermont moves to refer
the bill, with the message, to the Committee
on Claims.
The motion was agreed to.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. JOHNSTON presented the petition of
Mrs. Eliza H. Carrington, of Albemarle, Vir-
ginia, praying to be allowed a pension ; which
was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. RAMSEY presented a communication
Thomas Foster, of Minnesota, em-
bodying hints as to the proper management
and civilization of the Indian race of the Uni-
ted States ; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs, a,od ordered to be
printed.
