328
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 21,
the direction of the Secretary • of the Interior
for the improvements made upon this laud
from funds belonging to this tribe of Indians.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
TOUT GRATIOT LIGHT-IIOUSB RESERVATION.
The bill (H. R. No. 171) to provide for the
sale of a part of the light-house reservation
at Fort Gratiot, Port Huron, in the State of
Michigan, was considered as in Committee of
the Whole.
The Secretary of the Treasury is by the bill
authorized to cause to be platted and sold, at
public auction, so much of the Fort Gratiot
light-house reservation at Port Huron, in the
State of Michigan, as is comprised within the
following metes and bounds: beginning at a
point which is one thousand ninety-two and a
half feet north, eighty degrees and forty-four
minutes east (true) from monument No. 1 of
the survey of Port Gratiot military reserva-
tion, made by W. H. Hearding, in April, 1859,
and the position of which is indicated upon
the map of the same reservation made under
the direction of Major 0. M. Poe, corps of
engineers, United StatesArmy, in 1870; thence
north nine degrees and sixteen minutes west
(true) thirty-one_ hundred and thirty-five feet;
thence north eighty degrees and forty-four
minutes east (true) five hundred and thirty-two
feet; thence south nine degrees and sixteen
minutes east (true) eleven hundred and eighty-
four feet; thence north eighty degrees and forty-
four minutes east (true) to the shore of lake
to the place of beginning, save and except.that
right of way is expressly reserved over a strip
of land sixty-six feet wide and extending in a
direct line from the light-house tower, either
in its present or any future position, to the
present western boundary of the reservation ;
and that the subdivision of tlie same be made
to correspond, as far as inay be, to the plat of
the village of Fort Gratiot; and that a record
thereof be filed in the office of register of
deeds for the county of St. Clair; and the
money received for such lands is to be paid
into the Treasury, except so much a'4 may be
necessary to repay the expenses of survey and
sale.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
OUKDENTIAI.S.
Mr. WEST. I ask permission of the Sen-
ate to present the credentials of Hon. P. B. S.
Pinchback, elected United States Senator from
Louisiana for the term commencing 011 the 4th
of March, 1873.
The credentials were read.
Mr. WEST. I move that the credentials
lie on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
MISSISSIPPI IUVKR LEVEES.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning
hour has expired, and (he bill for the building
of steam sloops of war is now before the Senate;
butthe Senator from Mississippi [Mr. Ai.cok.x]
gave notice some days since that he desired to
be heard to-day upon a bill to be introduced
by him. The unfinished business has priority,
however.
Mr. ALCORN. I desire, by the indulgence
of the Senate, that the unfinished business be
passed over informally until 1 submit the
remarks I have to make.
1 he VICE PRESIDENT. For what length
of time?
Mr. ALCORN. An hour or more.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Mississippi appeals to the Senator having
charge of the unfinished business to allow it
to be passed over informally so that he may
speak lor about an hour. Is there objection?
Mr. CIIAGIN. If the unfinished business
is to be laid aside informally simply, I shall
not feel like objecting to the request made by
the Senator from Mississippi, especially as he
is upon the Committee 011 Naval Affairs. I
believe it is generally considered as a courtesy
to him that he should be heard, under the cir-
cumstances.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from New Hampshire consents to the bill
being passed over, subject to a demand by any
Senator. The Chair hears no objection to
that. The Senator from Mississippi has risen
to address the Senate.
Mr. ALCORN. I ask leave to introduce a
bill in pursuance of previous notice.
Leave was granted to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1426) to provide for the construction of
levees on the Mississippi river; and it was
read twice by its title.
Mr. ALCORN. Mr. President, in presenting
the bill which has for its object the reclama-
tion of the Mississippi delta, I ask the indul-
gence of the Senate while I give some reasons
for its favorable consideration by Congress.
The report which I had the honor to present
last May from the Committee on the Levees
of the Mississippi touches on several points
of the subject in a brevity designed sitnpiy
to awake reflection. So wide a field as
that covered by the report cannot be now
reviewed fully within the limits proper to the
pressure upon the time of the Senate. In
requesting the attention of Senators to the
subject, I must therefore direct my remarks
mainly to one of its heads—the danger which
besets that important item of Amencau agri-
culture and commerce, our production of raw
cotton.
The bill whjch I have introduced proceeds
011 the reports of the corps of topographical
engineers. It proposes to maie an appropri-
ation of public moneys to the amount stated
by General Humphreys to be necessary for
constructing proper levees on the Mississippi
river. And it makes that proposition on
the consideration set forth in that officer's
reports—the reclamation of twenty millions
of acres of waste, embracing, as these reports
show, "one million uteres of corn land of un-
surpassed and inexhaustible fertility," two and
a half millions of acres adapted to the growth
of sugar, and "seven million acres of the best
cotton lands in the world, capable of y elding
a bale to the acre."- With this general ex-
planation of thegrounds of the bill, I will take
leave to consider the subject specially in ref-
erence to the seven millions of acres which.it
offers to place at our service for the reassertion
of our supremacy in raw cotton.
The British Government has. as the political
intelligence of the Senate is aware, under-
gone within this century a change of charac-
ter. Since Waterloo it has abadoned, uuder
the teachings of its Smiths, its Huskinsons,
its Iiicardos, its Mills, political ambition for
industrial. Mr. Gladstone sits at the head of
a Cabinet that is, in fact, little else than the
chief agency of a world-embracing system of
commerce, manufacture, and finance.
The war of 1812 directed English thought to
the future oi the United States. Our suprem-
acy in raw cotton had then commenced to
loom up under the light of the growing import-
ance of the cotton manufactures of Great Brit-
ain. In 1814 the subject appears accordingly
to have been pressed upon the attention of
the East India Company. In that year the
Board of Directors gave a new direction to its
efforts for the production of cotton in India by
sending to the ryots supplies of choice seeds
from that original source of American staples—
the Isle of Bourbon.
The anti-slavery movement in England did
not originate in the political. A sincere out-
crop of the love of God and Liberty in the
heart and conscience of the English people,
it shall receive no words from me save words
of the honor due a lofty singleness of purpose.
But when we see nations make great sacrifices
for an idea, as in the case of the campaign of
the third Napoleon in Italy, we look naturally
for a consideration giving the idea some such
substance as that of Nice and Savoy. And I
have never been able to doubt that the accom-
plishment of emancipation in the British col-
onies owed something to the very natural jeal-
ousy with which British statesmen regaideil—
in 1832—an institution that threatened here to
hold the chief industry of England subject to
the pleasure of a rival.
A quarter of a century ago the question of
breaking down our great industry by an over-
shadowing competition in India was made the
subject of proceedings by a special committee
of the British Parliament. "It is perhaps
hardly known," said the Duke of Argyle to a
deputation that waited on him while he was
Secretary for India, " that up to 1857 it was
computed that a sum of ,£187,000 had been
expended under the direction of the Home
Government on experimental measures, hav-
ing for their object the cultivation and im-
provement of cotton" in India.
The dismissal of Mr. Crampton by Presi-
dent Pierce gave an increased depth of earn-
estness to the determination of England to
crush our cotton planting. In his book, "The
Cotton Crisis, and How to Avert It," Mr.
Isaac Watts, of Manchester, assures us that,
the British ministers had determined to resent
that action by the dismissal of Mr. Dallas.
They were restrained, he informs us, by
"representations that rupture with America
would be productive of the most disastrous
results, and that even a temporary stoppage
of the supply of cotton would, to an alarming
extent, paralyze our foreign trade and involve
the manufacturing interests in absolute ruin.
They were," he adds, "compelled to pocket
the insult."
Mr. Crampton's dismissal took place in May,
18-56. England, it is true, "pocketed the in-
sult;" but she did so with the settled purpose
which called into existence, in the following
year, the Cotton Supply Association.
Nor is our political domination the only-
cause which has given depth to the British
determination to drive us from the cotton
market. Our financial policy has been another
incitor of that resolution. This fact betrays
itself in English expressions on the subject of
cotton supplies, and is indeed very natural in
presence of some features of our tariffs. At
a conference of members of Parliament held
in 1869 Mr. Ash worth said:
" India, with its two hundred millions of people, of
whom a hundred and eighty-five millions are sub-
jects 9! the Uueen, is quite as important to as as
America, with her thirty-five millions and her ports
closed against us by high cMtoui-duties."
At a meeting of cotton-spinners held in
November, 1869, Mr. Cheatham, Member of
Parliament for Manchester, said, in allusion
to certain English opponents of our tariffs:
nrtJ/tv'T/t thnm'k for;rar|3 their views forreci-
n, A ? honest and make amotion that,
Ainerleans,had put a prohibitory duty
nnniThm? ?°? tv,1r0m this ool >try, therefore, as a
o tldrt,f™,., , 011 Prohibitory duties
oj fill! tn per cent, agavasl their corn unci cotton."
The Cotton Supply Association is a body of
able and pain otic Englishmen. It embodies
the policy or British statesmanship in refer-
ence to American planting. In order to show
its spirit and aim, I ask the indulgence of
the senate while I read some extracts bearing
upon these points.
.The secretary of the Cotton Supply Asso-
ciation has recently published a book on the
aCtl0Q, °,f that bo.dy- 0n tenth
page of that work he says, m reference to the
causes entering into the establishment of his
association :
rSKSffSrSxaSSsSiy
Association in 1^57 was Supply
