1688
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 24;
reconciliation between the North and the
South. There is not a southern State in the
Union to-day that would not accept this meas-
ure as an olive-branch tendered to them. It
wonld be indeed " shaking hands across the
bloody chasm," because by this measure they
are to be put upon an equal platform, not only
for the present, but for all time to come.
Certainly I am all anxiety for the passage of
this bill, and I think it will pass.
Mr. BOREMAN. Mr. President, I believe
the pending motion is to refer this bill to the
Committee on Public Lands? -
The PRESIDING OFFICER,
MUNDS in the chair.) That is the pending
question, as the Chair understannds.
Mr. BORBMAN. Every motion that is
made, I apprehend, in this body or in any
legislative body is made for a purpose. The
only purpose that I can see in referring this
bill to the Committee on Public Lands is to
ascertain how it will affect the public lands as
to the quantity, the value, the location, or
something of that sort, if it is to be referred
with a view to ascertain anything about the
public lands. But I apprehend that it is not
necessary to the proper understanding of the
bill before us to refer it to that or any other
committee. The members of this body have
made themselves familiar with the amount of
the public land as estimated by our proper
officers, and its estimated value, and so on, in
order to vote intelligently upon this bill.
Then for what purpose is this motion made ?
If we are to judge of the purpose for which it
is made by the argument that has been made
in support of it by the honorable Senator from
New ifork and others, I take it that it is made
for the purpose of postponement. It is to go
to that committee, and there is the end of it
for this session. With this session, of course,
all legislative business falls. Therefore the
friends of this measure may as well understand
that in voting upon the motion to refer to the
Committee on Public Lands they are voting
on a motion to indefinitely postpone this meas-
ure. That is the simple question, however it
may be sought to cover it up bv any other
suggestion. It is to be postponed for inform-
ation or something of that sort; and here we
are met wilh the question which was suggested
a few days since when the Senate bill was
under consideration, as to the groat amount
of money that is to be taken out of the Treas-
ury if this bill shall pass.
Why, sir, if every measure was to be
weighed in the same manner that our friends
on the other side weigh this measure in regard
to the amount of money that is to be taken
out of the Treasury, we should enter upon
none of the great measures upon which we
have entered in this country. When is this
$38,000,000 to be taken out of the Treasury?
In a lifetime. It is estimated that twenty-five
or thirty years hence by this bill probably some
$38,000,000 will be taken out of the Treasury.
It comes in at the rate of a million or a million
and a half a year, and is to be distributed to
the States for purposes of education. It will
not be felt in the great amounts that are
eoming into the Treasury from year to year;
it will be imperceptible. Therefore that argu-
ment ought not to affect our minds. We are
not to be carried away from the support of a
great measure for the promotion of education
by the fact that some time in the future when
we come to look over and estimate the amount
of money that has been taken it will have
amounted to $88,000,000. We are not to be
frightened away from the support of this
measure by that argument
Then comes the honorable Senator from
Nebraska, who, in order to operate upon the
minds of another class of Senators probably,
tells us it is to affect seriously the homestead
system. Sir, this measure will not affect that
system in any particular whatever, as I under-
stand it. This bill does not give away the
public lands. It does not affect their admin-
istration by the proper officers of the Govern-
ment, or the advertisement and the sale and
disposition of'the public lands themselves,
except that the proceeds of one half of the
public lands by this bill, after" they go into the
Treasury, -are to be distributed among the
States. This bill cannot affect the homestead
system, unless my friend from Nebraska pro-
poses that all the public lands shall be given
for homesteads. That proposition has never
yet been made, and it never has been sug-
gested practically that all the public lands,
nor one half of them, should be devoted to
those who should settle upon them and get
them under the homestead laws.
Mr. C ASSERLY. If the Senator from West
Virginia will allow me I should like to ask him
a question.
Mr, BOREMAN. Certainly.
Mr. CASSERLY. Suppose in the good
judgment of Congress it should be deemed
best for the general interest to put all the
public lands of the United States on the
homestead footing, does the Senator think
there is anything in this bill that would inter-
fere with such action on the part of Con-
Mr. BORBMAN. That might be so, but
that has not been done. As my friend from
Texas replied to the Senator from Minnesota,
I might say, " Sufficient unto the day is the
evil thereof." What Congress may do in the
future I cannot tell. They may do a great
many things. They do a good deal that is
right nowadays, and probably sometimes they
do some things that are wrong.
But I was answering the point made by my.
friend from Nebraska. I say that the passage
of this bill will not affect the homestead sys-
tem at all, as I understand it. It merely de-
votes one half of the proceeds of the public
lands to the purposes of education; and why
not ? Is there any better purpose to which the
money could be devoted? Have not these
lands for years past been devoted to other pur-
poses not so laudable as that of education, or
at least not more so? Has not the legislation-
of this country for years been rather loose on
the subject of public lands? This bill gives
to one halt" of the proceeds of the public lands
a definite direction. It provides that to the
education of the youth of thiscountry one half
of the proceeds of those lands shall be de-
voted, and they cannot thereafter, unless by a
violation of the faith of this bill, if it should
pass, be devoted to any other purpose. We
shall know then that one half of the proceeds
of the public lands is devoted to the education
of youth.
Now, why shall we not consider the measure
at once 1 There are many States of the Union
that need this assistance. Some may not.
The State that my honorable friend from New
York so well represents does not, probably ;
but there are some of the other States that do
need this assistance. I trust the Senate will
vote down the motion to refer'the bill- to the
committee, and that they will thereafter pass
the bill in some shape. I am not particular
whether they agree or disagree to the amend-
ment of the House ; but we want the substance
of the bill in some shape. If the substitute
from the House shall be rejected, then we may
ask that it may go before a committee of con-
ference, and that that committee shall settle
between the two Houses which of these mea-
sures shall be adopted. I trust, however, that
we shall get one or the other.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont.. I know the
anxiety of the Senate 'to proceed with the
regular business which it is indispensable for
us to act upon before the 4th of March 5 and
I do not deem it necessary that the prin-
ciples of this bill should be further discussed,
and, for one, I do not propose to consume the
time of the Senate. But there are one or two
points that it may be proper for me to allude
to ; and I say here, that while it is manifest
that a large majority of the Senate are sus-
taining this bill, it is a matter 6f grief to toe
that I cannot, have the vote of all Senator^ foi*
a measure that I deem so just and fratfght
with so much good for the future. If, for in-
stance, I could have thfc vote of the SeWator
from New York, and the vote' of the chairttMiff
of the Committee on Finance, and several other'
Senators, I must say that it would be a great'
gratification to me. But at 'the same time I
find that the bill is sustained by gentleftien of
great worth, both in and outsidefof the Senate.
It has received the sanction of many Legisla-
tures, and it is not a measure tba;t comes here
by surprise, or in any unexpected manner.
The bill was introduced at the last session of
Congress, and deferred because there was not
sufficient time then to consider it. ' It has been
fully considered at the present session ; and
now, at the last moment, I am astonished to
find here a representative of one of our most
distinguished literary institutions claiming that
he and his friends are taken by surprise.
I regret that any literary institution of this
country should undertake to thwart or prevent
the final consummation of this measure. It
is a mistake on the part of their judgment, and,
as I think, on the part of their good taste.
Whenever a young matt from any school
district of the country goes and obtains a lib-
eral education, it is always found that he has
planted the seeds in his neighborhood for
others to come forward and seek a liberal edu-
cation, and an education to be obtained by a
college. There is no question but that if we
spread abroad the opportunity for other classes
to obtain education besides those merely seek-
ing a literary or professional education, it will
swell the ranks of the literary and classical
institutions of the country. Take, for instance,
the college'at Princeton. If these agricultural
colleges should be dotted over every State, a
far larger number would go to Princeton than
go there now to receive the classical and liter-
ary culture to be obtained there. I regret to
have perceived, as travelers do on their way
across the Atlantic, the near approach of an
iceberg when the representative of that insti-
tution came into this Chamber.
Now, Mr. President, let me say one thing
in relation to the homestead law. This bill
does not interfere at all with the homestead
law. All of our public lands are open to home-
stead occupants now, and they will be after this
measure shall have passed. It does not touch
the system by which the sales of our pablie
lands are at present administered. I admit
that it will have a eonstraininginfluence over the
sale of the public lands so far as any proposi-
tion shall be made of giving them away, of
lavishing thera upon unworthy objects. I have
no doubt it will have some effect to prevent
our giving theth away for any other purpose
than homesteads.*
Mr. CONKLING. Will it interrupt my
friend if I ask him a question merely for in-
formation right'there?
Mr: MORRILL, of-Vermont. Not at all;
although I do not propose to occupy time.
Mr. OONKLINGv I am not-going to de-
tain the Senator; I simply want to know, as I
presume he does know the fact, when he first
saw or any others saw in print the House
proposition giving $50*000 to each State, and
so on ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I will -say
that if the bill of the House is more objec-
tionable to the Senator from New York than,
the Senate bill, it is in consequence of the
deference paid to the citizens of New York
that the change has been made.
Mr. CONKLING-. I am glad to know that,
but if my honorable friend -will' answer the
question I put to him I should be more re
joiced. I should like to - know when he first
saw this House bill in print? My reason"for
asking that question is to ascertain, if I can,
with how much .justice these gentlemen com-
plain that they are taken by surprise.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I am un-
