1690
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 24,
statements sent to me by eminent gentlemen
throughout the country are true or not; to
permit me to examine what I have not been
able to do, whether yoa are not violating the
powers of the Constitution, or rather assuming
to yourself powers which have never been
granted. Yet the bill is pressed, and the
demand is made for a vote, a vote this morn-
ing, a vote at once, on this bill granting away
the public lands for educational purposes.
Mr. President, I trust the Senate will accept
the proposition made, and let this bill be laid
on the table, and go on with the public busi-
ness. If the Senator from Vermont himself,
who is always actuated by good motives, and
who generally has such a practical mind that
it is my pleasure and delight to follow him in
almost every measure that he proposes, could
be called upon to listen to all the objections to
this proposition ; if he could be called upon to
see the results, as some of us think they will be,
of this measure which he urges so earnestly,
he might change his own mind, for there is no
man more candid in the Senate, and no man
more capable of changing his mind, if he found
he was wrong, than the Senator from Vermont.
Therefore I would urge upon him to let this
question lie over until we can have an oppor-
tunity of satisfying him that the bill will not
accomplish the object whieh he thinks it will.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. 1 would rather
haye the Senator's vote than his compliments,
although his compliments are very valuable.
[Laughter.]
Mr. STOCKTON. I am very sorry to hear
the Senator say so. I would rather have his
good will and kind love than his vote at any
time. [Laughter.]
Mr. President, 1 have said all that I desire
to say on the bill. I have an amendment to
offer to it, but I suppose I cannot offer it now,
and I leave it with my friend from California,
[Mr. Casserly,] and ask him to offer it,
whether he approves of it or not, when the
proper time comes, in order that I may now
go down to a committee.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. President,
I am sorry that I have not been able to be
present during this debate, because, in the few
words which I have to say, I feel that I am
speaking under the embarrassment of not
knowing what possible arguments could bo
urged agaiust so beneficent a measure. One
thing I will venture to say, and that is, that I
am satisfied that this measure assumes a
national importance compared with which the
welfare of this or that literary institution
which may or may not have rivalries the one
with another Binks into insignificance.
I have ever been of the opinion that asso-
ciating these agricultural colleges, as they are
perhaps improperly termed, with a literary
institution was not for the benefit of that insti-
tution. With regard to a literary institution
with which 1 am connected as a trustee, I was
opposed to its taking the agricultural college
grant under its charge. I believe the associa-
tion is an injury to a purely literary institution.
But we have nothing now to do with that sub-
ject. The Government has, in several of the
States, established these national colleges. It
has invested its money in those institutions,
and it is a matter of duty and of necessity that
in making any further appropriations the
investment made should be for the benefit of
the institution already established.
In the State of New Jersey the scrip sold
for about $114,000. Some two or three thou-
sand dollars was added by individual contri-
bution, making the sum $116,000. The friends
of the institution then put $116,000 along-side
of it, and the money was expended in the
purchase of a farm and in the erection of a
suitable building, so that the Government in
the State of New Jersey has not only the
$116,000 it contributed, but $232,000, invested
in that one institution. To show that that
institution has faithfully performed the trust
reposed in it, I ask the Secretary to be good
enough to read from the message of Governor
Parker, the Democratic Governor of New
Jersey.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
"Agricultural College.—The course of study in the
scientific department of the College for Agriculture
and the Mchanic Arts extends through a period of
four years. There is also provision for students who
do not desire to take a full course. These receive
certificates of the attainment made in the studies
they pursue. On those who complete a full course,
whether in civil engineering or mathematics, or in
chemistry and agriculture, the degree of bache-
lor of science is conferred. The students receive
instruction that fits them for the practical work of
engineers, surveyors, architects, chemists, or farm-
ers.
"A hall for the use of the scientific and agricultural
departments has recently been finished, at a cost of
$60,000, and other buildings are now in course of
erection. The experimental farm, containing nearly
one hundred acres, and costing about$30,000, is used
to test various methods of under-draining, fertiliz-
ing, cultivation, and rotation of crops. The trustees
of Rutgers College are executing the trust committed
to them in a liberal spirit, and the people are reap-
ing benefits therefrom without cost to the State,
During the year fourteen counties have been repre-
sented by fifty-three studonts.
" The Agricultural College should be made to con-
tribute to the efficiency of the State board of agri-
culture, which has been organized under a law
passed at the last session of the Legislature."
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. President,
if we were establishing these thirty seven insti-
tutions for the purposes of to-day, there would
be force in the argument that the expenditure
was greater than the people required; but
that is not the intent of the bill, it is more ex-
tended and more far-reaching. Why, sir, the
city or New York in 1800 I think had but
about sixty-three thousand inhabitants, and
now it has its twelve hundred thousand; and
when it had not fifty thousand, Union College,
which has blessed many generations, was estab-
lished. The State of Nevada has been alluded
to as having a small population not requiring
one of these institutions. Why, sir, that is
an empire in wealth not yet nine years old.
In fifty years, yes, in twenty years, there will
be a demand for all the advantages of educa-
tion and science the institutions we shall estab-
lish can give to that State. To my mind it is
a noble as well as a most practical thing to
take a part of the remnant of the public lands
of this natal soil of ours, which is running
away from us, and getting into the hands of
railroads and speculators, and consecrating
that small residue to the purposes of education
in this great empire, so that we shall have
scattered over this vast continent our centers
of science making astronomical observations,
comparing the discoveries of the one with the
other, the people being educated in practical
science, in the mechanic arts, and in agri-
culture.
Mr. President, if we purpose to maintain this
country we must remember that our institutions
rest on the intelligence of the people. Shall
we suffer the agriculturists and the mechan-
ics of the country simply to vibrate from labor
to rest and from rest to labor, with little enjoy-
ment, for mere rest is not enjoyment, or shall
we give them a taste for science, so that they
will use the discoveries of others, so that they
will become inventive themselves, and thus by
elevating their intelligence from degradation
and intemperance, elevate their characters,
making their homes happier, and bringing
them into higher and nobler relations with the
great Source of all intelligence ?
This is not a question between this college
and that college, but it is a question whether
now, when we have the opportunity and the
ability, we shall establish these institutions of
learning benefiting the people and elevating
public morals. The people of this country
are to learn that there is something higher
and better than chasing the dollar from day
to day and from year to year, that there is
something better than congressional contests.
They are to have a taste created for science
and intellectual pursuits. Their homes are
thus to be elevated, and society improved.
The establishment of these centers of learn-
ing in the States will create that taste for
learning -which creates demands for public
schools. Education, we know, is always
propagated downward. Look at those local-
ities in this country where they have institu-
tions of high science, in New, England and
elsewhere, and you will find that there the
people have the best system of commonschools,
and the -best popular instruction, and there
is the most intelligence in the people. To the
people of the southern States, just after the
fearful rebellion through whieh we have
passed, when they are just entering upon a
new career, I think the effect of these, insti-
tutions will be most beneficent. :
Mr. WINDOM. Mr. President, I am not
willing to allow myself to be carried away by
the eloquence of the Senator from New Jer-
sey, and to forget what is really the issue be-
fore the Senate; nor can I yield to the Appeals
of the Senator from Vermont, earnest and
effective as they have been. The Senator from
Vermont tells ns that it would be exceedingly
gratifying to him if he could have a unanimous
vote on this proposition. I think no Sen-
ator will go further than myself in any proper
way to gratify the Senator from Vermont; but
when he asks me to vote away $94,000,000 of
of the public money, to add five per cent, to
the indebtedness of my country in order to
gratify him, I most respectfully decline.
What is this bill? Stripped of all verbiage,
and of the eloquent surroundings of its ad-
vocates, it is a proposition to give to each
agricultural college of the country $2,000,000,
nothing more, nothing less. What have we
already done for these colleges? Under the
leadership of the honorable Senator from Ver-
mont, in the year-1862 Congress appropriated
thirty thousand acres of the public land for
each Senator, Representative, and Delegate in
Congress to these colleges. That amounted
to some $9,600,000. Estimated at the valua-
tion which my honorable friend from Vermont
puts upon the land grants to my own State,
$2 50 per acre, (and he certainly will not esti-
mate this any lower than he does th'e land
grants made to Minnesota,) this.grantamounta
to $648,000 to each and every one of these
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The Senator
will not ask me to put a railroad estimate upon
land that is not contiguous to the land assigned
to railroads. The land that was assigned to
Minnesota was railroad land, and the Govern-
ment held the alternate section® at $2 50, and
of course the other sections were worth the
same.
Mr. WINDOM. In very many cases this
college scrip has been located where railroads
have afterward been built; and if it had not
been squandered by the institutions to whom
it was given, it would'have been worth as much
to the grantees as are the railroad ^grants.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermonti The Senator
knows that this bill does not interfere with the
price of the lands, but they will be sold at the
same price. . * •
Mr. WINDOM. I am not now speaking on
that subject. I am only estimating what we
have already done for these institutions that
have during this and the last session of Con-
gress thronged the lobbies of the Senate and
the House of Representatives. I say, placing
the estimate upon it which the Senator placed
upon other lands granted, it amounts to
$24,000,000 already given to them. But ad-
mitting that that is not a fair estimate, that,
as they are not within the railroad limits, those
lands are worth but $1 26 per acre, then we
have already by existing laws conferred the
largess of this Government upon these institu-
tions to the extent of $824,000 eaoh on an
average. And now what is proposed ? To
give them each $2,000,000 more in money, to
add to the public indebtedness of this country
five per cent, on its present obligations 1
The Senator from New York estimates that
this is a grant of $38,000,000. If the Senator
will give the bill careful consideration, I am
