130
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 21,
South Wales, for example, makes free grants
of land aud lends capital to companies formed
for the production of cotton. The colony of
Queensland granted a bonus of ten pounds
sterling for every bale of sea island and five
pounds sterling for every bale of shorter staple,
the product of the colony shipped to England.
And the system, of cotton bounties she main-
tains even to this day in the form of land cer-
tificates at the rate of one pound five shillings
per bale.
The cotton war of to-day we wage in oppo-
sition to the skill and the wealth and the
power of almost all the colonies and nations
of Christendom—of a virtual combination
wider in its resources and its numbers than
the Holy Alliance. Having now shown the
growth and breadth of this great contest, I will,
if a subject of such dry detail do not weary
the patience of Senators, pass to a review of
the state of the contest up to the close of last
year.
The finest staples of cotton were unknown
to agriculture previous to the war, save in our
southern sea islands. Of these valuable fibers
we held, until that time, a monopoly. Mr.
Consul Green, of Honolulu, gives us to under-
stand in a dispatch to the British Foreign
Office that we hold that monopoly no longer.
He declares—
"That there is not a more remunerative business
at thcso islands [the Sandwich] than the cultivation
of sea island cotton, which grows on the sea-shore
of a remarkably line and silky texture, equaling
that produced on the South Carolina islands."
He adds:
"This pure sea island cotton costs on board ship
not far from forty cents per pound. That is the
figure it is invoiced at. The grower receives about
thirty cents per pound."
Sea island planting, be its breadth there
what it may, must therefore be held fixed
firmly on the Sandwich islands.
The Farm, a newspaper of Kaffraria, is a
zealous promoter of coiton planting m that
colony. Among many other specifications
of the production there of those finest fibers
which were once ours alone, that journal
tells us of   plantation of a Mr. Young, who
has "a magnificent cotton field, seventy acres,
all sea island."
SaysMr. Scott, writing in July, 1869, from
the Fiji islands:
"Sea island has supplantod all other species,
from the fact that a gentleman here realized three
shillings and eleven pence per pound for a bale of
rare quality. Another planter obtained three shil-
lings and lourpence per pound for his whole crop.
These islands are proving particularly suitable for
tho production oftho above staples."
Speaking of a sample from sixty bales
landed in Melbourne, on its way to England,
the Melbourne Argus says:
" It is a staple of Fiji soa island cotton shipped
from Suava by Messrs. Brower & Josko, and grown
from seed produced by Messrs. Ryder, who havo
obtained as high as litty-eight pence in the home
market,"
The Manchester Guardian said in May, 1870,
of the Fijis:
" The soil is admirably adapted for the growth of
cotton, and produces a first-class sea island, some
staples of which grown on Mango Island, one of the
group, fetched tbo high pricc of three shillings and
eleven pence in the Liverpool market."
The force of British competition in these
fine staples which were formerly ours alone,
I have no means of measuring. Its results
must be estimated as a question of the devel-
opment of latent powers set in active operation
but recently. This operation resting on a
permanent basis in, at all events, Kaffraria,
Natal, Queensland, and islands of the Pacific,
we may forecast its inevitable results under
the light of the single fact that, whereas the
production of sea island staples was unknown
m the Fiji Islands_ nine years ago, it had
reached the dimensions there two years ago
of a crop estimated at a value of a hundred
thousand pounds sterling.
Apart, however, from its replacement by
rival fields of production, our old monopoly of
sea islands appears, under the operation of
domestic causes, to be making a gradual sur-
render of its powers.
From market circulars I find the sales of
American sea island in Liverpool to have been
as follows:
Year,
1861  34,810
186 6  22,040
186 7  29,700
1808  20,170
186 9  13,550
187 0  16,470
187 1  23,320
In these fine staples we have lost, according
to those sales, our footing in the market to the
extent of thirty-three per cent. But while the
classification of sea islands before the war
showed a narrow margin of differences, that
of the above statement shows such a wide
range as from seventeen to forty-two pence
per pound in 1870, and from ten to forty-two
pence in 1871. Large quantities of a cotton of
inferior grade have therefore been included in
those Liverpool sales of sea island, and con-
sequently the actual decline of our monopoly
in that staple must, fairly, be held to have ex-
ceeded thirty-three per cent.
Our production of those staples is a broader
basis thau our sales of them in Liverpool for
estimating the decline of our old monopoly in
sea islands. The London Economist, the New
York Journal ot' Commerce, and the Finan-
cial and Commercial Chronicle supply me
with the following facts under this head of
our contest with the nations:
In 1858-59 we produced of sea-islands 47,592 bales.
In 1859-60  46,649 bales.
In 1866-67 ,32,286 bales.
In 1867-68 21,275 bales.
In 1868-69 18,054 bales.
In 1869-70  26,507 bales.
In 1870-71 20,818 bales.
In 1871-72     16,845 bales.
This statement shows that our old monopoly
in sea islands reappeared in 1866-67 at the
dimensions of sixty-nine per cent, of its
ordinary volume. Having never afterward
reached over fifty-seven percent, of its former
bulk, it settled down each succeeding year
under an apparently constaut decline until it
reached, in the latest returns, but thirty-six
per cent.
Our British antagonists watch the tide of
battle in this cotton war with close scrutiny.
Mr. Freemantle, of the Piccadilly mills, Man-
chester, said in a letter of August, 1871, to
Mr. Fox Turner, a member of Parliament:
"The sea-island crop has never since the war
reached its old standard of excellence or quantity
nor does there appear a prospect of its being likely
to do so again."
Our monopoly of the finest staples of cotton
commerce has, we may conclude, passed away.
Even though domestic causes did not tend to
reduce it to absolute insignificance, we can see
plainly that with South Africa, Australia, and
several island groups of the Pacific producing
qualities fully as good, our rivals will have ac-
complished in this case before many years, the
avowed object of their war—to reduce us to
the condition of " a tributary source of sup-
ply." I will pass now from this particular
point, of the contest to a review of it as a
whole.
Returns made to the British Parliament by
the Board of Trade give the sources of Eng-
lish cotton supplies in some detail. On that
authority the number contributing to those
imports into the United Kingdom was, in 1861,
forty-eight. In 1862 the conflict extended to
sixty-two fields, in 1863 to sixty-nine fields,
iu 1864 to seventy-two fields, in 1865 to sev-
enty-three fields. At this point the United
States attempted to drive back her opponents.
The struggle maintained itself, however, on
sixty-nine fields in 1866, on seventy-two in
1867, and up to the close of 1868 on sixty-
nine fields. I am unable to state the facts
since. Those given show in a general form
the breadth and the severity of the conflict.
The oscillations of the cotton struggle may
be traced specifically iu the imports into the
United Kingdom. These would show the sit-
uation with more exactness in pounds, but in
order to bring them down to the latest moment
I am obliged to give them in the less exact
form of bales. The table which I hold in my
hand, compiled from Parliamentary papers and
trade circulars, will show the absolute strength
developed up to this time by the chief bel-
ligerents :
tr< W tsi ^
D i* 09 2*
Si fi « s
p
>■
0
F
w
zc <£> <yt
co o
I K
o <x>
Cn CO CO
bo 06 rfv 00
oo (O to co
cj! co to
cn CO GD to CO
Oi O Ci
to oi
OS CO O} <31
^ W H
bi CD bi
to V« - v-i
O ^ Cs
cn co to
fc-
p
w Ki jO to
8 S H K *•
s
A,
&
a,
This table exhibits the movements of our
opponents for eleven years. Coupled with
other tacts it gives evidence that, we have be-
come since 1860, subject in South Africa and
Australia to a rivalry that, however limited for
the present by supplies of labor, is permanent.
It shows that the restoration of the old com-
petition in tbe West Indies is on a footing of
permanence. In the Peruvian contributions
Jtof-f ® ?®W 1™* at a rate of expansion
that if maintained lor eleven years longer
would overshadow us iu the European marklts.
P™*" nT-V 1 competitors are, to-day,
J&ypU Brazil, and India. The following table
