18.73.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
733
So far I have reviewed this cotton war gen-
erally. Ifthe patience of the Senate will grant
me farther indulgence, I shall pass now to an
examination of the probabilities of the struggle
on that part of the field at which we are con-
fronted by our most dangerous antagonist..
The staples of Indian cotton are very dif-
ferent now from what they were before the
war.—Commissioner Wells in his report to
Secretary McCulloch, says:
"The price of India cotton has been materially
advanced during the past five years through two
agencies: first, by improvements in machinery for
1(3 manufacture; and secondly, in consequence of
an improvement in its quality due to increased care
in handling, to the use of exotic seed, and to the
transfer of native seed from districts which have
heretofore yielded the best staple to those where
the production has been inferior." * * * *
"But be thecauses what they may, it may be affirmed
that where India cotton formerly bore the relation
of one half to two thirds of the value of American,
it now bears the relation of two thirds to three
quarters, while a portion of the crop is fully equal
to middling uplauds for the manufacture of heavy
fabrics."
Mr. W. H. Thompson, a mill-owner in Mas-
sachusetts, says:
" But this year I found, to my surprise, but little
objection in Europe to Surat cottons for goods of
coarse and medium numbers. Upon careful investi-
gation I found that this was owing somewhat to
further alterations and adaptations of machinery,
but more especially to the improved quality of the
cotton."
Mr. A. D. Lockwood, a mill-owner in Maine,
says in a published letter dated December 23,
1867:
" In England I found them spinning all numbers,
from sixteens to sixties, from clear Surat, and pro-
ducing entirely satisfactory quality of work, and I
was surprised at the degree of perfection to which
they had arrived in spinning the finer as well as tbe
coarser numbers. The explanation is this: their
machinery was adapted to work short staple, and
dirty cotton for coarse and medium numbers, and
the finer numbers were made from a quality entirely
different and superior to any India cotton I had ever
seen or conceived of, the staple being firm and sound,
and nearly long as American, good color, quite as
clean as our grade of middling, and possessing as good
spinning qualities as our uplands, and this was not
of rare occurrcnec but exceedingly common."
An English pamphlet entitled Free Labor
Cotton contains a letter from a Manchesier
mill-owner who states:
" We are happy to inform you that with a little
arrangement and alteration in our machinery we
have no difficulty at all in working a first-class arti-
cle from indigenous free grown eotton of India."
That work contains a letter from another
Lancashire spinner, who says :
"At the outset of the war we altered our ma-
chinery to work East Indian cotton." * * *
* "We are making as good cloth as ever we did
from New Orleans cotton."
And the secretary of the Cotton Supply As-
sociation tells us in his late book that Indian
cotton "is declared to be fully thirty per cent,
better than it was twenty years ago, and for
some time past the best descriptions have com-
manded prices but little below those of Amer-
ica in the English market."
As the startling advance that has been made
in these fibers was brought in question in
1867, I submit the following statement of
prices to illustrate still further the fact of their
encroachment upon the ground proper in the
past to American. The statement is compiled
from reports of the market of Liverpool:
Quotation3 of l&w-prade American and hioh-orade
Dohlera, (in pence.)
Year.
Low
grade of
American
upland.
Ilhh
grrade of
Dohlera.
0 7-5
5 3-4
« 5-8
5 7-8
51-4
0 7-S
81-4
121-2
21
22
12 3-1
IS 1-4
24 1-2
231-4
24
im 
1S6."5 
121-2
17 3-4
7 3-8
121-2
IMS 
7 .'i-S
li> 7-S
11
10 < -8 1
3 870 
8
*17*8 1
1*71  
7 7-16
7 3-10
And the low grade Dohlera has made a
marked advance oti our low grade upland.
While it brought on an average of the lour
years immediately before the war fifty per
cent, less than low grade upland, it brought
on the average of the four years ending with
1871 but thirty per cent. less.
Cotton appears now among our imports.
This foreign commodity entering into our
markets may be held maiuly as the cheap
fibers of India, it stands in our trade returns
thus:
Value of raw cotton imported into the United States,
1 Imports of ' Duty in
Year. iraw cotton, cents per
' Ya,i,ue m ! pound.
  ; dollar?. '
185 9 | £52 000 I free
186 0  140,1)00 free
186 1 , 62.0IXJ free
186 2   ■ 6.518,000' free
1803 ■ 10,518,000 . 1-2
18«4 ' 8.66S,000 i
186 5 ! 14,772.000 : 2 to 5
186 6 : 1,323.0011 2 to 5
1X67 ; 197.000 ' 3
1868   98,000 ; 3 and free
186 9  340,0st0 ! free
187 0 j 331,000 1 free
187 1 ! 210.000! free
1872  | 526,000 | free
Under the operation of the free list of our
tariff, this cotton which we import has increased
its volume within the last fiscal year one hundred
and fifty per cent. The cotton fibers of India
place thus in evidence the effective power of
their competition by displacing American fibers
from our own market to the value, for the
twelve months ending June 30, 1872, of over
half a million of dollars.
But India is simply preparing for this cotton
war. She is not yet ready to make us feel its
brunt. A thousand millions of dollats have
been poured duritig the last ten years into the
lap of her cotton trade. The ryot (the farmer)
has received of this enormous mass of wealth
nearly ten times his previous proportion of the
profit. Well may the Bombay Gazette ask us,
as it did in 1867, to believe that—
" In no country of the world has the condition
of the agriculturist been so much improved in the
short space of five years as it has been on this side
of India."
And this improvement of the condition of
the farmer goes in many ways to a steady
improvement in the quality and yield of his
crop.
The Indian Government established some
time ago a department for extending and im-
proving the growth of cotton. The chief of
that branch of the Indian service is a Mr.
Iiivett-Carnac. While 011 a visit to England
last summer he was entertained at a public
dinner in Manchester. On that occasion he
drew this picture of the new conditions of
cotton production in the Anglo-Indian Empire:
"The flood of silver enriched and helped to render
independent the cultivators, who had been for gen-
erations in the grasp of the money-lender. At the
same time the trade became so important that the
European merchants who bad as a rule confined
their operations to the seacoast, pushed into the
interior. The improvement in the means of com-
munication which took place about that time mueh
assisted matters, and the cultivator, who had long
been in the hands of a money-lender, who paid him
neatly the same price for his cotton, whether good,
bad, or indifferent, foundhimself free to selltowhom
he liked, and face to face with the European mer-
chant, who paid him according to the quality, and
who was ready to give him a high price for cotton
carefully grown and packed." *■ *   «
"Steam factories for cleaning and pressing the
cotton have been erected close at hand."
Mr. Carnac went 011 to say :
" The railway communication is complete, and
thus the eotton, bought at the fountain-head, reaches
England in a mueh purer and more satisfactory state
than was the case in years gone by,"
Transportation difficulties had ioug held back
shipments of cotton from the interior of Iudia
to the sea. Four hundred and thirty-two miles
of railway, built at a cost of $118,000,000,
represent the extent of modern facilities of
carriage enjoyed by that country in 1859.
Blue-books of the British Parliament show a
continual progress of those works since, until
they had reached, at the close of 1869, four
thousand and twenty-three miles, constructed
at a cost of §411,000,000. An official report
on Indian railways, in volume fifty-three of
the Parliamentary Papers of 1870, sets the
estimated cost of those works completed and
in progress on the 31st of March, in that year,
at $501,000,000. They have been constructed
at the expense of the Indian Treasury. At
the same rate of expenditure the Government
must have paid out for those arterial lines
of transportation up to this date, more than
$5.50,000,000.
But the cotton-war-makers of England are
not satisfied with having forced the Indian
government into the field to the extent of an
outlay equal to one fourth of our national debt.
The misfortunes of American eotton- are the
opportunities of Indian. Ail the energies of
our British antagonists are being set at work
with accelerated force in order to break
down our planting before our industrial diffi-
culties of the day shall have passed away.
Railways, navigations, and works of irrigation
are accordingly to be pressed forward in India
; under the spur of what is held to be an emer-
j gency. At a conference, or as we would call
! it a caucus, of members of the House of Com-
; mons held on the subject of Indian cotton in
July, 1869, the magnitude and urgency of those
measures for our defeat were shadowed out in
the following resolution :
*' That this meeting, viewing with satisfaction the
statement made by the Duke of Argyle in the House
of Lords on Friday last, of the intention of the gov-
ernment of India to undertake the extension of the
railway system, as well as other public works of a
remunerative character in that country, is ot opin-
ion that the outlay proposed is too small to obtain
as early a completion of the works of the. greatest,
urgency as is desirable, and that £10,000,000 a year
at least will be needed adequately to meet the re-
quirements necessary for the agricultural develop-
ment of the country, and further recommends that
those short line-, of railway should have the prece-
dence which trill facilitate the export of cotton and
other fibers so mueh required by the manufacturers
of this country.."
1 River improvement is an important means
of the purpose of the Anglo-Indian Empire to
: expunge raw cotton from our international ac-
[ counts. I am not aware of the aggregate of
the expenditures of the Government on this
he&d of its aggressive policy. The navigation
of the Godavery,a water-way from certain cot-
ton districts to the sea, points the conclusion
that the Indian Administration has entered on
its river works with a lavish hand. At a
public dinner given last January by the Man-
chester Chamber of Commerce to General
Cotton, an old Indian officer, he stated that
the improvement of that outlet for Indian
fibers had cost the Government $3,000,000—
$12,500 a mile.
Irrigation works in India are being carried
out on a great scale at the cost of the Govern-
ment. Some of the facts of those improve-
ments have fallen under my observation ; and
are suggestive of the enormous resources at
work in that one country for eliminating cot-
ton from our commerce and finance. The
Madras irrigation cost, according to a money
article of the London Times, §11,000,000. The
Orrissa canal irrigates in Orrissa alone five
hundred and seventy-two thousand acres, and
must have cost the Government a very large
sum of money. An engineer iti the service of
the Er. pire, who was sent recently to report
on "the storing of a certain portion of the
Monsoon overflow of the river Kanhan,"
states the extent of the country to be irri-
gated in that case at forty miles square, and
the cost at $3,000,000—about three dollars
an d a half per acre.
Irrigation, wherever it has been applied in
India, is declared to increase the yield of cotton
twofold. The general employment of that
agency of distributed moisture in that coun-
try of periodic droughts, may be expected,
therefore, to increase the present average of
