1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1693
were left without the advantages of education.
When the war ended, here were the recent
slaves that were.made free, aud they had
bad none of the advantages of education.
And to the hands of those people were com-
mitted the keeping and the care of the Gov-
ernment itself. All rights, aud even liberty
itself, depended upon these people, and now
depends upon them.
X desire to point the Senate to what has
been done in the State of Mississippi, which I
have the honor here in part to represent, as an
indication of the feeling among the more intel-
ligent classes of the importance of education
to those people.
When the war ended we had nothing but
our lands left. The personal property of the
southern States had been destroyed; the slayes
had been set free, and the only wealth that
the South had was in the wealth of the soil
and in the intelligence of her people. The
State of Mississippi took your college land
scrip which under the act of 1862 had been
appropriated to her. We received it gladly.
We appreciated the difficulties with regard to
education there. After establishing our com-
mon school system in Mississippi and pro-
viding the means for the maintenance of that
common school system we received the college
land grant, and we gave of that two fifths to
the college at Oxford, a college that is patron-
ized by the whites alone j and then we gave
three fifths of the grant to a university or
college that is located in the southern por-
tion of the State, and this was in the interest
of the colored people. We did more than
that. We provided that there should be a
scholarship for each one of these agricultural
colleges based upon the representation of the
different counties in the Legislature, and the
counties under a law of the State are required
to select under a board of examiners from the
best answerers a scholarship for each one of the
agricultural colleges, and the county pays
$100 a year toward the maintenance of this
student so selected at each of these agricul-
tural colleges. So that, whereas we have in
the Legislature of the State one hundred repre-
sentatives, for example, we have in each one
of these colleges one hundred scholarships
endowed, maintained and supported by the
counties of the State.
More than that, the Legislature of the State
endowed each one of these agricultural aolleges
from the State treasury in the suin of $50,000
a year, and that endowment rests upon each
of those colleges to-day, the university at Ox-
ford, and the Alcorn university in the southern
portion of the State, and this is supported by
a tax borne by the property-holders of the
State, and borne because of the fact that they
are sensible of the value of education to the
people who stand with a majority vote in their
hands, who pass upon the hberities, who pass
upon the property, who pass upon all^ the
rights that belong to the citizens of the State
of Mississippi, it must be admitted that with-
out education they will not and cannot main-
tain or be expected to maintain a free gov-
ernment in this land.
Look, sir. if you please at the condition of
things existing now in some of the southern
Stales and answer me, why is this? Is it not
from the fact that scheming demagogues and
politicians have practiced upon the ignorance
of these people, aud does it not show that you
have no reliance and can make none upon a
population so ignorant as the masses ol the
South are to-day ; and will not Congress, I
ask. come forward and adopt this measure,
when the educators of the South aud ot the
North declare that it promises a redemption
from a state of things that threatens us to-day
wiili the destruction of that which is more dear
to us than anything else?
It is said t|iat this builds up a monopoly,
if it is a monopoly, it is umrthat is ba^ed
upon eduentson. It it is a monopoly it is one
that is based on the ink-ili^uiee (>f the country.
It is a monoply that will not seek to overturn
the Government. Rather give the lands or
the proceeds of the lands to this monopoly
than to let them go forward and be expended
upon that monopoly that has heretofore taken
to itself the public lands themselves in railroad
grants. The public lands of the country have
been thus far of but little value to the Govern-
ment. They have been in one sense a corrup-
tion fund, and we propose now under the pro-
visions of this bill to redeem them, to wrest
them from the hands of monopolies and give
them to the educational interest of the coun-
try. The wants of the country demand that
this should be done. If I were consulted I
would say that you should base the appro-
priation upon the ignorance of the country,
upon the necessities of education as they exist
in the various portions of the country; but
there would be an objection to that.
But the honorable Senator from Indiana
said that in the sparsely populated districts the
wants were less than they were in New York,
for example. Sir, in populous communities
the advantages of education are more at hand,
more easily obtained than they are in the
sparsely populated districts of the country;
and I maintain that the fostering care of the
Government is more necessary to the sparsely
populated districts than to the populous por-
tions of the country. They can maintain in
the populous districts their system of common
schools. They have their colleges established,
and they rise up and grow and are maintained
from the very population itself. There wealth
and culture foster and build them up, while in
sparsely populated communities these institu-
tions must be maintained by the care aud aid
either of the State or national Government,
or of both combined.
The proposition now under consideration
proposes to cheapen education. As the mat-
ter now stands, while education is dissemi-
nated in many of the States, it grows dearer
and dearer as years roll on. A student now
cannot be educated at Harvard for the sum
of money that would have educated him ten
years ago; and these old institutions have
monopolized the educational systems of the
country, aud they are here to-day protesting
against the passage of this bill for the reason
that it disseminates collegiate education, and
gives the advantage of it to every portion ot
the country. It takes the advantages of col-
legiate education to places where it. has not
heretofore gone, and to places where it is more
necessary that the advantages of it should go.
We want colleges. The common-school
system can be maintained and will be main-
tained, but we cannot have common schools
unless we have teachers, and this bill proposes
the means whereby we shall have teachers and
whereby we shall have schools, and trom these
agricultural colleges there will flow out and be
driven to the extremities in each of the Sta.es
and each of the districts of the States the
intelligence that will support and maintain the
common-school system of the country. With-
out this there will be no common-school system
in the States that will be worth the money
which will be expended annually in seeking to
maintain it.
I have made this statement for the purpose
of showing the necessities of a particular por-
tion of this country. Without education, if
experience is of any value to us, we do very
well know that our governments cannot be
satisfactorily maintained in many of the States
of this Union with nothing but the muscle and
the lands of those people now to_ rely upon.
It is impossible in the nature of things that
they can be educated unless the Go^emmeut
gives them some care ; unless the Government
bestows upon them the means and places iu
their hands the means of that education. I his
bill proposes a remedy; it devotes a fund, as
1 said, to education; and I will say to the
Senator from Indiana that its application is
already secured. As it is secured under the
act of 1862, so is it secured under the pro-
visions of this bill. The Legislature is respons-
ible for it, and the Legislature is required
under that act to guaranty five per cent inter-
est upon all sums that may come into their
hands, leaving the principal untouched and
using only the interest. They are required to
invest it in the bonds of the United States or
in the bonds of the State itself, and they can
only use the interest. It is no argument
against this bill, then, that there are not
guarantees thrown around for its protection.
If as we go forward we discover that the guar-
antees are not sufficient for the protection of
the fund, cannot Congress establish sufficient
guarantees? Can it not .place those guar-
antees as it may be disclosed to Congress that
guarantees are required, and if it is seen in
the workings of this law and under its appli-
cation that frauds are perpetrated, that wrongs
are about to be committed, is it not in the
power of Congress at once to establish such
guarantees as will secure a faithful application
of the fund ? I think so. If Congress has the
power to pass the bill to-day, and no one dis-
putes that, certainly Congress has the power
at a subsequent day to establish any additional
guarantees that may be regarded as necessary
to give the fund that direction which will se-
cure the greatest advantages to those whom it
is intended to bless.
I am in favor of the bill; the people of my
State are in favor of it; all the educators in
Mississippi, so far as I know, and iu the
southern States generally, have eome with one
voice approving the provisions of the bill that
has been introduced by the Senator from Ver-
mont, and amended by the House of Repre-
sentatives. Any bill that promises them the
means of education is a boon held out to
them, they regard it as a blessing bestowed by
the Government, and they prefer above all
else that they shall be cared for upon the great
aud overriding subject of education.
This subject of education is one that rises
above and swells beyond any other question
that concerns the people of the southern
States. We want intelligence there; we must
have it in this nation. The white children of
the South are without education for the rea-
son I stated awhile ago; the black children
are without education, and we ask Congress to
give us the means of education ; and this bill
proposes a way and gives the means. There-
fore we ask for its passage.
Mr. CLAYTON. Mr. President, I know
not how this may affect other States, but I do
know that the passage of the bill will comer
the greatest boon upon the people of the State
of Arkansas that, possibly can be conterred
upon them. We have established an indus-
trial institute there and it has been in opera-
tion about three years. We have provided in
that institute a uormal department tor the
education of teachers. That is the important
thing with us, tp get qualified teachers. 1
believe that the passage of this act will build
up one of the most magnificent institutions
that possibly can be put on foot in our State.
I believe it will redound to the interests of the
whole people. The remarks of the Senator
from Mississippi who has just preceded me
apply I think to the case. I do hope we may
PaThebPKBSIDING OF£T,CJfS$.- The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator trom
Minnesota [Mr. Wisdom] thpt this bill be re-
ferred to the Committee on I ublic Lands.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermpnt. I ask lor the
yeas and nays.
The veus aud nays were ordered. _
Mr. "CRAGIN. On this question I am
paired with the Senator from Ohio, [M.r.
Tburhax.] If he were present he would vote
yea, and I should vote nay. .
Mr. ANTHONY. On this question I am
paired with the Senator from Illinois, j ittr.
Tbumbci.i..] If he were present he would vote
for this motion and I should vote against it.
