134
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 21,
seventy pounds per acre to a rate very much
higher. A committee of the Boston Board of
Trade, taking the average production at forty
pounds per acre, estimated, in 1867, as stated
before, that Indian "cotton can now be laid
down at four and a quarter pence, say eight and
a half cents, per pound in Liverpool." Inas-
much as it is highly questionable whether we can
maintain our ground even now against a pro-
duction so cheap, there can be no doubt what-
everofourdefeat., underpresent circumstances,
when with her railways and navigations com-
pleted and the model planting of her Govern-
ment farms in universal adoption by the ryo s,
India shall have lowered her price and doubled
her production under a general system of
irrigation.
Said the United States Economist in 1867 :
%t Congress has it in its power to determine whether
the UnitedStatesshall continue to be a cotton-grow-
ing country." " * * * "In order to
wrest from Indiathe position she has secured in the
English eottou-markct, we will have to produce
cotton cheaper than we have ever done, for the
obvious reason that India, holds a bettor position
than it occupied before the war."
Now, there is no doubt that while our most
pressing opponent, India, is about to increase
largely her yield per acre, we, with large areas
showing a constant diminution of production,
cannot even maintain our present position in
the market until we shall have beaten down
prices by the only means at our service for
that purpose—an increase of yield.
How shall we increase our rate of cotton
yield to a point beyond competition, with-
out an increase in the cost of production?
Manure, deep plowing, will not do so, for these
are means not more at our service than at the
service of our rivals. Rotation of crops on
our uplands would throw out of cotton culti-
vation large areas from year to year, and while
it would increase the average yield at a cor-
responding increase of the cost of production,
it would involve a. practical reduction in the
area of our planting, to the injury of our trade,
our commerce, our finance. But the bill under
review supplies a means of increasing, a means
of even doubling, our present average yield
without any additional cost, a means that with-
out involving any of the drawbacks of rotation,
deep plowing, and manuring, is ours alone to
employ. And seeing that we do not enjoy a
monopoly of the cotton climate, the measurti
I propose embodies a means for giviug us its
virtual- equivalent in a monopoly of a cotton
soil, which, with a wise development of our
system of manufacture, will distance all rivalry
forever,
I am a cotton-grower in the Mississippi-
Yazoo delta. My own experience enables
me to verify the statement of the chief en-
gineer of the Army, that the Mississippi flats
are capable of yielding a bale of cotton to the
acre. Many crops within my knowledge even
exceed that yield—tnoro than double the aver-
age of the cotton States. While the planting
in that rich region is confined *,o small areas
scattered through it at levels above ordinary
overflow, the great breadths of the adjoining
waste are equally rich, but require for their
conversion into national wealth the reclam-
ation of levees. Intrenched on those un-
equaled soils, turning out more than double
its present averages, quadrupling any yield
supposable in India, 1 repeat that our cotton
industry cannot only maintain on those lauds
its present position but in conjunction with a
wise development of its manufacture in this
country, will reassert its old supremacy by the
force of such low prices and enormous sup-
plies as will crush tinder its foot all future
designs upon its continuance.
If the Senate will indulge me a little longer
I shall glance at the full breadth of the danger
with which weare threatened in the far-seeing
and sedulously executed design of Great
Britain upon our production of raw cotton.
India contains immense masses of labor.
Apart from great tracts of waste land to whose
reclamation the attention of her Government
is being now directed, that country must pos-
sess to day an area of cultivation in cotton
at least fourfold that of the United States.
Her production of that fiber is estimated at
from six to twelve millions of bales. Now, if
irrigation, hybridization, Egyptian planting,
or any other of the improved agencies of pro
duction in process of adoption there, give an
increase of even fifty per cent, in the yield,
the whole of that addition would be thrown
off by her railways and her navigations in the
form of an addition to her present surpluses.
This will flood the markets of Europe and
America with cheap fibers; for India, be it
remembered, can grow cotton even now at
five cent3 per pound. That, under our present
circumstances, a displacement of American
staples will follow this inundation may be con-
cluded from the evidence already adduced of
the progress of Indian cotton, but any doubt
as to that conclusion may be set at rest abso-
lutely by the following testimony:
Mr. A. D. Lockwood, of Maine, is, as I
have said, a cotton-spinner. He appears to
be, moreover, a man of sense and intelligence.
In a letter which I have referred to before, he
says, touching his visit in 1867 to England:
"I then understood how the English had so much
the ad vantage over the Americans. They not only had
about twenty-five per cent, cheaper labor and sup-
plies, (on a gold basis,) but at least twenty-five per
cent, cheaper cotton also for all numbers which
come into competition with the product of our
mills. Indeed, for numbers ranging from thirties
down, the ditferenoe was even greater than that.
And this was not so much the result of superior
skill and the adaptation of their machinery to
cheap cotton as the fact that they could buy In-
dia cotton, which would answer their purpose, so
much ohoapor than thoy could American, And if
we could nromire India cotton as mueh cheaper than
we can American, as the English do, there is no
doubt it would be very extensively used here in the
manufacture of print cloths and shirtings and
drills, from number twelves to number twenty-fives,
coarse yarns, bags, &c."
Mr. Lockwood adds :
" Indeed, I should not hesitate to work the higher
grades of Surats for filling into such goods as the
Androscoggin Ls„ Bates' XX., and Hill Simple
Idems."
The Senator from Rhode Island ought to be
a competent authority on the subject of cotton
fibers and cotton fabrics. In the debate on
the removal of the tax in 1867 he held this
emphatic language:
" I am humiliated in being obliged to admit the
fact that with this poor, despised,short staple, husky
India cotton, a fabric is to-day produced by the
skill and labor of Englishmen equalto the best fab-
rics that American machinery has yet been able to
produce. This is the cause of the depression of the
cotton manufacture in this country." * * * *
" I fear for the existence of the manufactures of my
own State in consequence of this alarming condition
of things. I foar that the fabrics produced from the
choap cotton which is now grown in India will in
spite of all tariffs find their way into this country
and be consumed by the American peot>le; and then,
lot. me ask, what will be our position in New Eng-
land?"
To mark still more positively the reality of
the competition which threatens to displace in
the end, homegrown cotton from our markets,
I may cite the fact that Indian staples had
found so broad a footing in our own mills that
the interests concerned were enabled five years
ago to press into the bill repealing the internal
tax on the growth of American cotton, a pro-
vision repealing the tariff duty on the importa-
tion of foreign cotton.
The displacement of American fibers in the
home market is shadowed out very broadly in
these statements. That the English calculate on
this displacement everywhere, is declared in
almost express terms in the following extract of
a letter referred to before, one that was written
after a sojourn in Lancasshire by a spinner of
Massachusetts, Mr. W. H. Thompson ;
That gentleman writes:
"I was everywhere met by manufacturers with
this question: ' How cheap are you going to produce
cotton in America? For unless you furnish it at
nearly as low rates as the Surat cotton, we shall buy
only your better grades for fine and your sea island
for very flue numbers.' "
British policy is, as Senators know full well,
not more persistent than it is far-reaching.
And in view of the probable scope of this war
upon our cotton production, I feel justified in
declaring that it menaces our whole industrial
system with revolution. Our cotton fields
once thrown out of cultivation—and we saw a
million of acres of those fields thrown out of
that cultivation more than once within the last
jive years—by the cheap production and abun-
dant supplies of India, England will have
broken down the whole fabric of our finance.
Nor is this the only possibility of this far-
reaching statecraft of Great Britain. By
adding ten millions of acres in the South to
the production of breadstuffs in this country,
she will have executed a stroke of strategy
that will cost our western agriculture a break-
ing down for many a year to come in the price
of those necessities of British industry, corn
and wheat. Nor is even this all the danger
of this comprehensive policy.—Our manufac-
ture of cotton fabrics is well known to be a
subject of anxiety to English reflection. Once
reduced to dependence for its raw material on
supplies of India borne to us second-hand
from Great Britain—and our spinners call for
those supplies now—that branch of our indus-
try can be drawn at any moment into the vor-
tex of this threatened revolution by making
our much disliked system of import duties the
apology of Great Britain for a war of tariffs.
At every point of possible attack in this
deepening conflict of industry I propose that
this Government shall take measures of de-
fense. As the English people seek to estab-
lish other plantations to keep their mills at
work, be it ours to establish other mills to keep
our plantations at work. And to prepare for the
threatened displacement of American cotton
from the European markets, 1 et us, in addition
to other measures of safety, inaugurate the
policy of opening an ample market for that
cotton at home. I will proceed to show now
that the bill before us is the first step in that
urgent measure of national defense. 'J-
The coal fields of Great Britain are esti-
mated at an area less than twelve thousand
square miles. Our own State of Ohio con-
tains coal fields having an area exceeding
seven thousand square miles. Nearly seven
thousand square miles are embraced in the
estimates of the coal basin of Indiana. Michi-
gan is underlain by coal to an extent summing
up thirteen thousand square miles. Twenty-
one thousand square miles of that mineral lie
at the service of industry in Missouri. While
the State of Kentucky possesses coal-beds to
the extent of thirteen thousand square miles,
the State of Illinois possesses those sources of
industrial greatness to the amount of thirty
thousand square miles.
Wonderful to contemplate are the resources
of the Mississippi basin in the prime element
of mechanical power! Overlying that sub-
terranean wealth, the young States of the West
possess lands capable of giving out at the bid-
ding of agriculture boundless supplies of
breadstuffs. Genial in climate, rich in soil,
those States present in their grains and their
their meadows and their cattle, their
streams and their hills, their frost, their rain,
their sunshine, all the conditions of a great
nursery of human life, of human labor.
God writes His prophecies in things. The
waves that, the geologists tell us, rolled from
the Alleghames to the Rocky mountains, had
but just begun their record in supplement to
the 'Testimony of the Bocks," when down
deep in their unfathomed depths the linger of
the Almighty traced in elements on the bed
of the Apalachiati sea, the word : " Empire."
At this moment of its transition into history,
that prophecy flashes upon us in broad sigi-
nincance under the interpretation of coal
fields that darkle for breadths of a thousand
miles, of a river system unequaled elsewhere
on earth, of an agricultural surface that, spread
out from the rising to the setting sun, offers
unlimited supplies of that food of human life—
