1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
wm
the Senate when I was willing to follow such a
declaration as that upon any bill, even upon
a bill that excited political opposition in the
highest degree. There is no bill go good that
it may not be amended; hardly any bill is so
bad that it may not furnish something fit to be
preserved. I propose for one in candor and
good faith, without undue consumption of the
time of the Senate, to consider this bill and to
offer such amendments to it as occur to me,
and to support them by the best arguments I
am able to make. I hope they will be treated
by the Senate, including the Senator from
Vermont, with the same proper, good, and
high spirit in which I intend to propose
them.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Connecticut to the amendment of the House
of Representatives.
Mr. BAYARD. I ask the Senator from
Vermont whether the result will not be, when
the income of these colleges under the act pro-
posed shall reach $60,000, to force them to be
entirely free colleges?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The colleges
established under this act it is proposed shall
be free at the end of the time when they
receive the $50,000 annually.
Mr. BAYARD. I have never made, per
haps am not competent to make, a proper ap-
proximation as to the expense of maintaining
a scholarship, although I should think $500 a
year was a very moderate estimate for it; but
to provide that the entire fund shall be turned
to making a free college for all would make it
better for the college to be without the fund
than to receive it. That strikes me as being
the result of the words as they stand in the
bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Connecticut to the amendment of the House
of Iteprentatives.
The amendment to the amendment was re-
jected—ayes thirteen, noes not counted.
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire to offer two
amendments, which I hope the Senator from
Vermont will agree to, because whatever may
be the opinion of the Senate as to the merits
of the main measure, these amendments
should, I think, meet favorable consideration.
I move to amend by adding the following pro-
viso to the bill:
Provided, further. That Congress may at any time
alter, amend, or repeal this act; and nothing here-
in contained shall bo construed as a pledge of the
public faith that the appropriation herein contained
shall be permanent.
No Senator who has spoken on this bill has
exaggerated its importance. The amount ap-
propriated by the bill is easily estimated. It
cannot exceed $50,000 a year in each State,
and as we have now thirty-seven States, and
the District of Columbia is included on the
same basis as a State, the maximum amount
appropriated from this time on will be
SI,900,000 a year; but with the increase of
the States, as a matter of course the amount
of appropriation will be increased. It is there-
fore a permanent appropriation forever, as
long as the United States owns public lands,
of SI.900,000 a year and more, or equal to a
capital at five per cent, of 840,000,000.
The statement made by the Senator from
Minnesota is true, that the whole amount ap-
propriated by this bill within the next thirty
or forty years, taking the period of time he
stated, will be about $90,000,000. The
same result is readily arrived at in a dif-
ferent way. The amount immediately appro-
priated is one half of the proceeds of the sales
of the public lands. Going back for three or
four years past the proceeds of the public
lands have averaged over $3,000,000 a year.
There is no reasonable probability that they
will be less in the future, and consequently we
commence with an appropriation of $1,600,000
a year.
Now there is another feature of this bill,
which is a very striking one, and which I
think should have attracted the attention of
my friend Vermont. I refer to the fact that
this is a permanent appropriation. It is
against the established policy of the Govern-
ment from the time of Thomas Jefferson to
this hour^to make permanent appropriations
for anything. We may make appropriations
for one year or two years, and, indeed, the
Constitution of the United States limits the
power of Congress in appropriating public
money, so that in certain cases we dare not
make an appropriation for over two years ;
and yet here is a permanent appropriation in
in this bill forever, without limitation. It is
a very grave and serious question whether, if
we make this appropriation now without add-
ing to it the clause I have proposed, the public
faith will not be held and bound to these agri-
cultural colleges in the nature of a contract
between them and the United States that for-
ever this sum shall be annually appropriated
to their benefit. They may reasonably con-
tract expenses, contract debts, contract liabil-
ities, and they may claim that this bill is in
the nature of a contract with them—a contract
created between the different States and the
United States and themselves—a pledge of
the public faith forever. Mr. President, is it
wise policy for the United States to do this?
There is another objection. Never but once
in our history, so far as my recollection goes,
did we undertake to permanently appropriate
the proceeds of the public lands. In the old
contest between Whigs and Democrats, at a
time when money was flowing over in the
Treasury, when we were collecting much more
than was necessary, it was the Whig idea to
appropriate the proceeds of the public lands
among the States, and a bill was passed for
that purpose, intended to be permanent. Mr.
Clay, on the floor of the Senate, advocated
the idea of a perpetual distribution of the pro-
ceeds of the public lands among the States,
and that bill passed, I think finally passed,
over the veto of President Jackson, although
I have forgotten now whether he did veto it
or not; but at any rate the bill passed Con-
gress. How long was it before it was repealed
on aecount of the change in the financial con-
dition of the country? In two or three short
years.
Why, sir, it is only a dangerous condition
of our finances that would lead to such prop-
ositions as these, to permanently appropriate
a portion of the permanent revenues of the
country. The public lands have always been
regarded as a source of revenue, more or less,
from the foundation of the Government. Of
late a policy has been adopted of devoting a
portion of these lands for homestead and pre-
emption purposes; but still all the lands sold
make a permanent source of revenue. Here
is a proposition to make a perpetual diversion
of the proceeds of those lands forever; and
strange it is to me that I find gentlemen on
both sides of the House voting for the prop-
osition. The ghost of Jackson I should think
would rise up in judgment against them, and
yet they do it. And my friend from Vermont,
who is the natural guardian of the public
Treasury, who has said as much against per-
manent appropriations as any man on this
floor, who sees the effect of this permanent
diversion of the public lands, who sees the
ghost of taxes to be levied to replace the very
money thus paid out, who sees the necessity
of levying new taxes, who knows the deficiency
that now exists and has existed for two months
in our public revenue, who knows the growing
wants of this Government, who has watched
with anxiety the growing appropriations made
by this Congress, who has seen our expendi-
tures swelling and our revenues diminishing—
oven my honorable friend fiom Vermont, in
his eager anxiety to build up these institutions,
proposes to divert permanently from the pub-
lie Treasury a large fund and apply it for this
purpose. Mr. President, I say that nothing
but some grave necessity would justify this
measure.
But there is another point which has been
very well made by my friend from Indiana,
and that is that this is an unequal and uncon-
stitutional distribution of pubhe money. Sen-
ators representing the small States may feel
that it is right for their States to receive from
the public Treasury the money of the country.
Those representing States containing one htm
dred thousand inhabitants may feel that it is
right that they should receive from the public
Treasury in the distribution of the public
money for public uses the sum that the great
State of New York with its five million in-
habitants receives." But, Senators, is that
right ? It has been said that it is right, because
State lines make no difference in the distrib-
ution of public moneys, because this object is
like other public improvemets, like establish-
ing light-houses, &c. I think it is very dif-
ferent ; these colleges are local in organiza-
tion, local in management, governed by the
different States, and they are local in their
surroundings. A light-house is built for the
commerce of the world, and a public improve-
by the United States is justifiable only when
it is established for the commerce or good of
the whole United States. But these are local
colleges founded in the States, over which we
have no control by the very terms of the
original act. Is it right to expend as much
of the public money in a State of one hundred
thousand inhabitants as it is in the metro-
politan State of New York?
It is said that if you establish a college in
Vermont it is just as useful to the citizens of
New York as if it were established in the State
of New York. Then why observe these State
lines? If you are to establish colleges and
support them with the national Treasury, why
not divide the country into great sections and
establish colleges in. each section and build
them up, not as State institutions but as great
national institutions?
I know it is utterly idle for me to talk here
about this feeling of injustice. The Senate
was established to represent States, and its
organization grew out of the original jealousy
between the great and the small States. It was
feared when our Government was founded that
the great States would overshadow and do in-
justice to the little States unless they were
restrained ; that if the great States were repre-
sented in the Senate in proportion to popula-
tion instead of as political entities, great in-
justice would be done the small States. There
was a fear of that kind. But the history of
our Government has practically shown that the
reverse has been the result. What was prophe-
sied by Benjamin Franklin and other wise men
has turned out to be true, that the smaller States
had no occasion for such fear. Why, sir,
five million people in this country have on this
floor a majority of the members of the Senate.
Is that right? The smaller States have the
power here. Is it right for them to exercise
this power so as to make an unequal and
unjust distribution of the public money ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. May I ask the Senator a
question?
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes, sir.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Will the Senator tell me
what it was that was prophesied by Benjamin
Franklin and what it was that has come to
pass?
Mr. SHERMAN. That the smaller States
exercise an undue proportion of political
power here.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Where is the evidence
of that?
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator may look
in the books to find it
Mr. EDMUNDS. I look to the Senator aa
much better than a book.
Mr. SHERMAN. Well, look to this bill.
1 supposed my friend was asking for the par-
ticular quotation.
