1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1697
the basis of any public discussion, so far as I
know ; it is notgenerally understood or known ;
and even now I find in conversation tbat Sen-
ators differ very much in regard to the aim,
the end, the object, the purpose, and meaning
of various clauses of this bill. There are many
doubts and ambiguities in the language of the
bill itself. It is an immature measure, not
fully considered.
Now, sir, if this bill should go over until
the next session what harm can be done ? The
public will discuss it; the people at large will
talk about it; the farmers, for whose benefit it
is said to be, will talk about^ it. And what
harm can be done? If there is wisdom in it,
it will survive; if there is fault or immaturity
in it, it will be amended aud changed. Now,
why rush this bill through here only ten day:,
printed?
Mr. CONKLING. Only six days.
Mr. SHERMAN. Only six days. Why
thrust it forward ?
Mr. SAWYER. Will the Senator allow
me to interrupt him for a moment? Is not the
Senator from Ohio aware that the bill was in-
troduced in the Senate a year ago?
Mr. CONKLING. This House bill?
Mr. SAWYER. This bill almost precisely,
or the bill which the Senate passed.
Mr. SHERMAN. I see on the face of this
bill that it is printed " February 18, 1873,
passed the House of Representatives." The
bill that we sent to them was stricken out en-
tirely. That bill appropriated specifically
five hundred thousand acres or $625,000 to
each State, but as soon as that appropriation
was exhausted, there was the end of the bill.
But this House bill is indefinitely worse in prin-
ciple, although the amount of the immediate
appropriation is not so great because this
House appropriation is forever. The other
would be exhausted when five hundred thou-
sand acres of land were sold for each State.
There is another objectiou to_ this bill. _ I
have been disposed on account of the peculiar
condition of affairs in the southern States, so
well depicted by the Senator who now occu-
pies the chair, [Mr. Alcorn,] to vote in some
way, on some reasonable plan, a reasonable
sum of money to aid in the education of the
emancipated people of the southern States,
because the policy of emancipation was
thrust upon us as a public necessity. Every
man knew that we left in those southern
communities a great mass of ignorance—not
ignorant from their own fault, but ignorant
because of the system in which they were
born. We left in your hands, sir, a large
class of ignorant people. It made no differ-
ence whether they were white or black. That
was thrown upon you as a national necessity.
I. therefore, have always been willing and
desirous, if such a proposition were offered,
to make a fair and reasonable appropriation,
a national appropriation, to educate or to aid
in educating thx<s class of ignorant men thrown
upon you by our public policy and our pub.ic
necessities, to aid common schools in the
South.
But what good will this measure do to tbe
people of the South? What good will an agri-
cultural college do to the emancipated slaves?
They have to be taught the primer, the A B
C's; they have got to be elevated step by
step. They cannot enter a college. You
must first make the foundation for these col-
leges by a system of common schools in the
South. How many there will be prepared to
goto your agricultural college? have two
ill your State, air. How many negroes are
prepared to enter those colleges? How long
wilt it be before they are prepared by educa-
tion to enter them? Some years at least. In
the mean time you leave them without any
opportunity to lay the foundation of the sim-
plest rudiments of education, with no common
schools, no facilities to learn their A B 0
and yet you provide in your ^tate two agricul-
tural colleges for their benefit. It is like lur-
42iu Com. 3d Sess.—No. 107.
nishing a dinner of plum cake without any
beef or potatoes or bread. You havegotfirst
to lay the foundation, aud this diversion of the
public money from that object for which it
might be properly appropriated to lay the
foundation of colleges that cannot be attended
by those for whom they are built it seems to
me is bad public policy.
Again, this bill is introduced at this time in
the face of a deficiency of revenue. I have
no desire to say anything to alarm Senators or
excite opposition ; because no doubt the Gov-
ernmentof the United States could-very easily
make good whatever loss will occur under this
bill by imposing new taxes. No man can tell
in the present condition of our currency what
is likely to be the balance either for or against
us at the end of a year. The uncertainties of
the future no man can tell. We know that by
this bill we are just $2,000,000 poorer every
year in our national Treasury than we would
otherwise be. If there is a deficiency now
this will add to it; and under the circum-
stances we ought not, in my judgment, to pass
the bill.
I believe that within a very short time after
this bill is put in operation the public senti-
ment of the country will demand its repeal.
I believe that when this bill is attempted to be
put in force, and this money is diverted in
this way, and applied, and perhaps wasted for
two or three years, public sentiment will de-
mand that it be repealed. But as I see the
majority of the Senate is fixed in favor of its
passage, I desire at least to put a clause in
the bill that will reserve to future Congresses,
if my opinion should happen to prove correct
by experience, the unquestioned right, with-
out violating the public faith, or without in
any way being subject to the imputation of a
disposition to violate the public faith, to re-
peal this law. I have no doubt that Congress
possesses that power; but still I have no doubt
that if some such provision is not put in the
bill the argument will be made hereafter,
when the question of repeal comes up, that
the public faith is pledged to these institu-
tions, and I desire to throw an anchor to
windward. I think we ought to do it. In
every railroad grant, in every subsidy, the
right to repeal it has been resumed. So in the
bill which chartered your railroads, so in the
bill which organized the national banks, the
right of Congress to repeal the act was not
only reserved always as matter of law, but it
was reserved in the very terms of the act itself.
I trust that this amendment will be adopted.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Mr. Presi-
dent, when a Senator makes a speech he ought
not to make it so long that the last end oi it
shall not agree with the first. The Senator
from Ohio began his speech by reminding me
that I was one of the watchmen of the Treas-
ury and ought to guard against any of these
perpetual appropriations, and reminding me
also that the Treasury could illy do without
this money: and yet before he gets through
he comes around to the doctrine of General
Jackson that the public lands ought to be set
apart for homestead settlers and not held as a
source of revenue at all ; and then again, be-
fore be gets through he attempts to alarm us
about the condition of the Treasury, and even
in the same speech he proposes some other
object, which he asserts would be more useful
to the State represented by the present occu-
pant of the chair. On that subject the Sena-
tor from Mississippi has spoken for himself,
and I think he best represents that State.
I do uot desire to occupy time, but I must
say there is a persistence on tue part of some
Senators in calling these colleges "agricul-
tural colleges," as though that were a stigma,
aud that calling them that was enough to over-
throw the whole system. Why, sir, the law
uuder which these colleges are established
does not make them agricultural colleges. It
provides for a system of colleges '' to promote
the liberal and practical educatiou 01 the
industrial classes in the several pursuits and
professions of life." It is a broad education,
intended to be sure to reach the agriculturist,
and to reach all our industrial classes. Of
course, in reaching the agricultural classes it
will reach the larger number, and I may say
that unless the other classes of the country
could be recruited from the industrial classes,
the eminent men in the professions would soon
fail.
Then, again, it is asserted that six colleges
answer this whole purpose for the great Ger-
man people, sixty millions in number. Why,
sir, who does not know that within a very
short time the inhabitants of this country will
number one hundred millions, and will thirty-
eight colleges be too many for the industrial
classes of such a nation?
Then, again, the Senator comes in with an
amendment. Of couise all amendments that
will now be offered will be offered in the most
captivating form. This amendment proposes
that a future Congress may have the right to
legislate on this subject. Who denies that
Congress will have the right to legislate on
this subject hereafter? Have we not almost
every year amended the act of 1862? If time
shall show that there is a practical necessity
for an amendment of this law, of course we
shall all be in favor of amending it; bat I
trust that we shall be guilty of no such folly
as incorporating this amendment for the im-
mediate purpose of sending the bill back to
the House of Representatives.
But the Senator from Ohio complained of
the representation in the Senate, and seemed
to intimate that if representation in this body
were according to population this measure
would stand no chance here. Does not the
Senator from Ohio know that it has received
the consideration of a body in which repre-
sentation is according to population, and re-
ceived as much favor there as here, the bill
having been passed there by a vote of 120 to
70? After that, I trust the Senator from Ohio
will not again bring up the subject of repre-
sentation according to population.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, it is mani-
fest that this bill is to pass, but I desire to say
one word to my friend from Vermont, and
others who support it. The passage of this
bill will leave behind it a conviction of absolute
injustice. It will leave behind it that sting to
rankle hereafter. Like the passage of the
fugitive slave law and the repeal of the Mis-
souri compromise, it will leave behind it an
element that must in the future fester—the
conviction of absolute injustice ; the convic-
tion that an advantage has been taken. _ I
know there are Senators on this floor who will
not hesitate to admit that this bill is a rank
injustice; but they do not feel at liberty to
oppose it. They think that perhaps they could
not sustain themselves at home if they opposed
it, because by it their States may get a great
advantage. Sir, such legislation is always
dangerous in the future.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Al-
corn.) The question is on the amendment
offered by the Senator from Ohio to the amend-
ment of the House of Representatives.
Mr. BOREMAN. I should like to have
the amendment reported at the desk.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment to
the amendment, as follows:
And provided further, That Congress may at any
time alter, amend, or repeal this aot; and nothing
herein contained shall be construed as a pledge 01
the public faith that the appropriation heiem con-
tained shall be permanent.
Mr. CASSERLY. I should not trouble the
Senate at all, especially I should not trouble
it again, except for the deep conviction I have
of the important nature of this bill, and iu-
deed of its alarming tendencies. I confess
the more I study this measure the more I am
oppressed by the dangers to result from pass-
ing it in its present condition. The amend-
ment of the Senator from Ohio is one thai iu
my judgment commends itself to the candid
