1873.
THE CONGBESSIOSTAL GLOBE.
1699
where the people sre represented according
to numbers, you must not better it, you must
not improve it, because if you do, and it goes
back there, it will certainly be fatal to it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The Sena-
tor from New York would not misrepresent
me.
Mr. CONKLING. Far from it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. While I say
that I should be perfectly willing to incorporate
this amendment in the bill if Congress was fn
tavor of it, the House has already shown that
it not in favor of the amendment proposed by
the Senator from Ohio, and the Senator from
New York also knows that the reason why the
bill cannot be reached is that there are priv-
ileged questions in the House, as here, that
demand priority of consideration.
Mr. CONKLING. Oh, Mr. President, I
have learned how utterly impotent privileged
questions are to cope with this bill. If noth-
ing ever stands in the way of this scheme but
a privileged question, it will be like a dry
leaf standing in the way of an autumn gale.
" Privileged questions! " The State of Louis-
iana is here with a case which is much more
than privileged, and which every man knows
is not to be considered fitly or deliberately if
we begin now and devote every moment to
that and nothing else save the appropriation
bills; and as snow vanishes in the glance of
the sun, Louisiana and everything else goes
out in order that this measure may come in.
That will not do. The privileged question is
not an impediment; it is not a pebble in the
way which this bill is to travel.
The Senator from Vermont says that I know
that the House is opposed to this amendment.
I do not. It is not in order here to relate or
recite the proceedings of the House. If it
were I think I could justify myself in saying
that I do not know, and that no Senator can ,
know, that the House is opposed to this amend- '
ment. This bill w$s adopted in block, in sub- '
stance, in the House as a substitute for the ,
Senate bill. Therefore, the process of rea- j
soning upon which my friend relies must be {
this: that every dot upon an i and every cross ;
upon a t that is to be found in the House
bill is something which specifically and par-
ticularly the House is in favor of. That is not
so at all.
On the contrary, for aught we have a right
to know, and for aught we do know, if a vote
were to be taken in the House upon this ques-
tion separated from all others the House would
vote by a great majority that the poor children
of this city, black and white, should enjoy the
fruits of the income of $50,000, rather than
devote it to preserving dead animals in alco-
hol and sending to these colleges to be estab-
lished the books which are to be emitted by
the Smithsonian Institution. And yet I do not
mean to disparage, certainly I have not the
presumption to diparage, the contributions
made to the cause of science by just such pro-
cesses as that provided for by the language
which the Senator from Ohio moves to strike
out. Doubtless they are important. A great
work is being done in that way at Harvard ; a
great work no doubt is being done here; but
in this world all things almost are compara-
tive. And for the same reason that I would
not agree with.the woman in the "Serious
Family" in sending a red flannel shirt and a
moral tract to children in Timbuctoo in pref-
erence to putting bread in the mouths of those
at home with the wolf at the door, so I might
not approve of giving $50,000 to preserve rat-
tlesnakes in alcohol in preference to giving
what we are told is next to the bread of life to
the poor children, black and white, in this
District.
But then, Mr. President, I am wasting tlie
time of the Senate. The Senate sits here to-
day to record a decree, not to make one. It
has been decreed somewhere that the bill as
oame from the House is to pass the Senate,
and everybody who appeals for time or oppor-
tunity to know what the bill means appeals in
vain. I undertake to say, and I hope I may
say it without disrespect to any Senator, that
there is no considerable portion of this body
up to this moment that understands in legal
and actual effect the provisions of this bill. I
read it myself twice over carefully; I ihi
quired of other Senators in regard to it; and
when the Senator from Minnesota made the
statement that he did here as to the amonnt
involved and the effect of that provision about
one fourth of the proceeds of the public lands,
it took me and some other Sonutors of whom
I can speak, because they told me, as much by
surprise as if they had found any other most
important provision in the bill which they had
supposed was not there at all, or which, being
there, mean the reverse of that which they con-
sidered it to mean. And yet it is totally in
vain to ask for an opportunity for Senators or
anybody else, even to understand and forecast
what we are doing, and therefore I will not
trespass any longer upon the Senate.
But before sitting down I desire to protest
against Senators accepting, even upon the
word of ray friend from Vermont, (and no
word is mightier than his,) his idea that if
perchance we should be able in a manifest
interest, in a case of clear import, to improve
the bill, we thereby kill it, because the House
would not or could not act upon it. There is
no difficulty in reaching it there, and unless
there is some necromancy or magic in voting
it through exactly as it is without any improve-
ment at all I see no reason why we should
not improve it.
Now, Mr. President, without going into the
question of large States or small States, I take
leave of this particular question, saying that:
" It is excellent
To have a giant's strength; but it is tyrannous
To use it like a giant,"
And although the men pressing this scheme
may have the power to make it go precisely
as it is, I think if a Senator offers an amend-
ment which upon its merits ought to be
adopted, it would be wise even for them to
give respectful consideration to that amend-
ment upon ita merits, and not vote it down,
whether it be wise or otherwise, because the
bill must pass just as it is.
Mr. HAMLIN. Mr. President, I have not
mingled in this debate, nor do I propose to do
so now at any length; but I wish to make
one suggestion in relation to this amendment,
which I think is of a practical character. I
mean to be practical in ray legislation. I
regretted to hear the language which fell from
the Senator from Vermont in relation to this
amendment. I am not sure that I should vote
for the bill if this amendment were incorpor-
ated in it. It seeks to change tlje whole scope
and character of the bill. It seeks to appro-
priate money for your common Schools, while
we are asking for a higher grade of schools,
and that is the precise object. I shall be
found as liberal in voting appropriations to
common schools, when we get to your com-
mon schools, when we get at the subject which
is under the charge of my friend from South
Carolina, [Mr. Sawyer,] as any Senator here ;
but I am not for killing one by mingling the
two together, and I regretted to hear the lan-
guage of the Senator from Vermont who has
this bill in charge, half way admitting that we
had better admit this amendment into the bill.
This is the worst amendment that we have
had.
While my friend who sits beside me [Mr.
Conkling] thinks this bill is not very well
understood, I will not be- so uncharitable as
not to believe that he understands it perfectly,
and be will give as clear and as intelligent a
vote as any Senator in this body. I do not
believe that there is any Senator in the body
who does not understand the scope of every
amendment that will be offered}   d I hope
there is a majority here who are willing to
take the bill as it is, and if it is not perfect it
is a better bill than it would be if you put
these various amendments upon it. That is
all I wish to say.
I wish we could come to a vote. I have sat
here all this long day, and these are the only
words I have uttered in favor of it, and I have
been as earnestly in favor of-the bill as any
Senator in this body; nor should I have been
drawn into saying these few words had it not
been for what I think was unfortunately said
by my friend from Vermont.
Mr. SAWYER. I have not said anything
about this bill to-day; but I remember in my
school-boy days a passage in one of the old
poets about the " gift-bearing Greeks," and
this amendment is the best specimen of the
policy pursued by the gift-bearing Greeks that
I have seen. The Senator from Ohio pre-
sented us with a very specious amendment a
few moments since, in which he proposed to
reserve to Congress the right to repeal, amend,
and modify this law if it should become such,
as though there was not already in Congress
the power to repeal, amend, or modify any
act. It added nothing to the bill. If it had
been in the bill originally, there would have
been no objection to it by any Senator on this
floor, as the Senator from Ohio is perfectly
well aware; but it was proposed simply for the
purpose of obstructing for a moment the pass-
age of this bill, to prevent it becoming a law
at this session of Congress.
This amendment is on its face for a very
deserving object. No one is more earnest
thau I am, or than my friend from Vermont
is for the support of the public schools in the
District of Columbia. Would to Heaven that
every child, black and white, in this District
could have the benefit of a common-school
education in its best form. But, as my friend
from Maine has said, this is not a bill for the
promotion of common-^school education, it is
a bill for a specific purpose, for the promotion
of technical education, to put upon firm
foundations these institutions which have been
established by act of Congress, which are lan-
guishing for the want of proper means of sup-
port. fivery amendment which is offered to
this bill to-day has in fact, if not in form, the
same purpose, the purpose to carry the meas-
ure over beyond this session, so that it shall
not become a law.
It is said that nothing was known about this
bill. Why, sir, my friend from Vermont re-
ported this bill at the last session of Congress
or a bill the substantial features of which are
the same as those of the bill which is now
before us. It has been before the country for
a long time. Our Halls have been thronged
with the people interested in education. Not
merely- those engaged in technical branches,
but those interested in common-school educa-
tion, on the ground that it will improve the
character of the teachers of the country, ask
for the appropriation contained in this bill.
My friend from Ohio has said iL:~
a permanent appropriation, and that it is
objectionable in that form.
ask the Senate whether it is
that this is
and that it
I ask him and I
any more a per-
manent appropriation than any other disposi-
tion of the public lands which you may make.
You give your public lands to railrays, you
extinguish the title of the United States to
them and vest it in the railroad companies.
You here give the public lands, or what they
produce, to another great object, the educa-
tion of the people in certain technical branches
which are necessary in order to improve the
economical position of this country. It is as
legitimate a subject for legislation as can pos-
sibly be brought before Congress. It is in the
direct line of developing the material resources
of the country. It has the same object in
view that your discriminations in duties on.
imported articles have in one point of view.
Besides that it compasses many other things.
