1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
741
Government of the United States to-day has
in its own yards substantially all of the sea-
soned white-oak fit for ship-building. Sup-
posing some of these ships to be given out by
private contract, in what way is the contractor
to get the seasoned white-oak timber necessary,
for their construction?
We should have some regard also, it seems
to me, in the building of vessels, to the fact
that upon our North Pacific coast is one of
the finest bodies of timber in the world. I do
not know to what extent any other timber than
oak may enter into the construction of a ship
of war. I do not know whether the best
quality of pine may not to some extent supply
the place of white-oak in the interior parts of
the ship. If it may, you should not forget that
you have on Puget sound an unlimited quan-
tity of the finest pine timber in the world that
is accessible to man. That body of timber is
famous among the Governments of Europe.
During my time in California I remember
several cases in which the French and other
European navies sent all the way from Tahiti
and other remote points to Puget sound to
get spars of sufficient dimensions for their
ships, which they could not so well obtain
elsewhere. Not a great while ago I saw in
San Francisco, went on board of and examined
throughout, a ship, the Wild Wood—some
Senators may have heard of her through the
newspapers—builtentirely of that Puget sound
timber. It was the judgment of men far
more experienced than I that a finer vessel
was never seen; a ship of twelve hundred
tons, of a buoyancy that excited the admira-
tion of the best judges, and a strength which
was proved not a great while ago in a tremen-
dous gale off our coast, in which she was
caught, and which she weathered like a duck,
without losing a spar and scarcely a sail. That
was a practical test of the excellence of that
great body of timber. While we are building
war ships we should as far as we can endeavor
to utilize such an interest as that great body
of American ship timber on Puget sound.
The truth is, sir, that we are obliged to act
upon this bill without any adequate informa-
tion on the subject. We do not know what are !
the ideas ofthe Navy Department, or on what
information they are based, either as to the size
of these ships or the caliber of their arma-
ments, or how many should be of wood or how
many of iron What do we know on the im-
portant problem of propulsion by steam power ? (
How many steamships has the Navy Depart- \
ment produced since it first had a steam vessel ,
capable of competing in speed with vessels ■
built in private ship-yards ? I have heard of I
one or two, but I believe as to all the rest the ;
history of our steamships of war built in the j
yards of the Government, so far as speed was !
concerned, has been a history of melancholy 1
failures. }
Now if these vessels are to be cruisers, the ]
first requisite after safety is speed. Does the :
..chairman of the committee know from the j
Secretary of the Navy whether he has col- j
lected any body of information as to the best j
mode of propulsion, whether by the screw or
by the side-wheel, or what kind of machiuery j
is best adapted to give speed ? Can the Sec- i
retary of the Navy give us any assurance that j
these ten sloops or six sloops, whichever num- |
ber may be adopted by Congress eventually, j
are to be any more successful as fast sailers ;
tinder steam than the other steam vessels j
built for the Government in its own yards? ;
Are these new sloops also to be failures in j
point of steam power and swiftness ? If they j
are not, what reasons has the chairman ofthe j
Naval Committee for supposing that they are ,
not? On this poiut, of swiftness, so vital to j
these vessels as cruisers, the chairman has jj
told us nothing, literally nothing. |j
The truth is, sir, that after having read |
nearly all that has been said in the_ Senate on '!
the subject of this bill, and after having listened jj
to nearly all which I did not read, 1 feel that il
to-day, at this hour, when we are approaching
a vote on this bill, the Senate is practically
without the information which it should have
on nearly every one of the most important
features of this bill. It occurred to me to-day
that the proper course with the bill would be
to recommit it to the Naval Committee, with
instructions to ascertain from the Navy Depart-
ment, in some proper manner, what its data
and recommendations are, first, in regard to
the number of these vessels, whether there
should be ten or six; next, in regard to their
tonnage, whether it should be nine hundred
tons or thereabouts, or whether some of them
'should be fifteen hundred or two thousand
tons, like the Hartford or the Brooklyn; next,
whether they ought to be of wood or of iron,
or part of wood and part of iron; next, if they
are to be fast cruisers, what information he
has to warrant the belief that the Government
yards will be more successful under his admin-
istration in turning out steamships for war
purposes of great speed than they have been
in the past. And, generally, we should like
to know what body of information the Secre-
tary of the Navy has on any of the subjects
I have mentioned, or on the other subjects
not mentioned by me, which this bill forces
on. our attention.
The amendment of the Senator from Ohio
is well enough in respect to changes, a subject
that I presume has given rise to abuses in the
administration of the Navy Department. Yet
it strikes me as an amendment, which, if"
adopted upon the bill as reported here in the
Senate will not improve that bill at all. I say
so for the reason that the bill of the Senate
leaves everything to the Secretary of the Navy.
It does not require him to advise with any j
naval board whatever. It leaves him to do ;
whatever he chooses to do in this matter out ]
of his own head, leaves him in fact to evolve i
the whole subject "out of the depths of his >
inner consciousness." After he has done so, j
under the Senate bill the amendment of the I
Senator from Ohio ties up the construction !
rigidly to the plans, good or bad, of the Secre- j
tary. It prevents any correction of his plans, ;
however erroneous, except through the cum- j
brous interposition of a board of five officers. ;
It seems to me that the Senator from Ohio ends s
where he should have begun. The Secretary !
of the Navy may adopt whatever erroneous !
plans he pleases, yet they cannot be amended !
except through the recommendation of a board ji
of five officers, which recommendation must ij
be approved by the Secretary. So that, after ||
all, we are driven back on the good will and |i
j pleasure of the Secretary himself. The amend- ;•
ment merely intrenches the Secretary's plans j:
j behind his own board, acting under his own ''
| absolute veto. i;
I I am conscious, sir, of the difficulty of dis- ji
I cussing auy bill at so late an hour of the day, II
| and of a debate which has already dragged jj
i along through two days. I did hope that some ji
member of the majority in this body would
have moved to recommit this bill to the com- t,
mittee, with instructions requiring them to ji
obtain the information necessary to enlighten ;l
the Senate as to the subjects of the bill. It 'j
has not been done, and I do nor know that it. !j
would be ofthe slightest use to make such a ;
motion at the close of two days' discussion. 1
had such a resolution partly drawn on my desk,
but after consideration T abandoned the ijea ,■
of offering it. Ij
The whole subject, is one of so much conse- jj
quenee, one of so much difficulty, as the vary- j(
itig ideas of the maritime powers of the earth ij
show, that it seems to me we are like men
groping in the dark, considering how very de- ji
fective is the information laid before the Sen jj
ate by the Naval Committee. I speak, of :i
course, for myself. Doubtless there are Sen- j
ators here who are much better informed on
this subject than I am. But from the longest ;
period of my memory I have been looking at j
ships, beginning with all the eager wonder of a II
boy, first in the greatest seaport of the country
on this side of the continent, and afterward in
the greatest seaport of the country on the other
side of the continent. I have some general
ideas on the subject. Whether what I know
is little or much, it makes me feel how difficult
it is for me to come to any satisfactory con-
clusion that would lead me to support the
Senate bill. The House bill is so much prefer-
able to the Senate bill, that I greatly regret
that the Senate committee did not see fir. to
take the House bill as the substance and body
of its measure.
Mr. RAMSEY. There is a mass of busi-
ness upon the executive table of the Senate,
and there is no probability of this bill being
disposed of to-night.
Mr. CRAGIN. There is but one more
amendment to this bill to be offered, I believe.
Mr. RAMSEY. I know gentlemen are under
the impression they will pass the bill this
evening, but it is evident they cannot.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The Senator
should not undertake to judge of that, if the
chairman of the committee desires to continue
the bill.
Mr. RAMSEY. I move that we proceed to
the consideration of executive business. We
have not been in that business for a week.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Let me sug-
gest that the Senator should not make that
motion against the express wish of the chair-
man, who desires us to continue the consid-
eration of the bill.
Mr. CRAGIN. Wait ten or fifteen min-
utes, till we see how we get on.
Mr. RAMSEY. I withdraw the motion if
the chairman insists on my doing so, but I will
not renew the motion. Some other gentleman
may.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I desire to
make a single observation in regard to a state-
ment of my friend from California. He was
laboring under a very great misapprehension
in regard to the condition of our commerce
engaged in the foreign trade.
Mr. CASSERLY. I meant to except, of
course, the Asiatic trade.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. That is a very
small portion of our foreign trade. We are
now the seco'd nation in regard to foreign
commerce. We are second only to England.
We lost nearly a million tons of shipping
during the war. From 1860 to 1866, when i
think there was the lowest ebb, we lost nearly
a million tons of foreign shipping. Since that
we have rallied and partly recovered; and in
1870. the last return which I have before
me, we had 2,152,027 tons engaged in the
foreign trade. So that my honorable friend
will see that when I attached importance to
this measure as a protection to our commerce,
I did speak of the whole volume of commerce,
foreign commerce, commerce engaged in
foreign seas; and, although we have lost a
great deal, it will be seen that to-day in the
foreign commerce of the world we are second,
and we are rapidly recovering our position;
and general causes as well as particular causes
contribute to this end.
Mr. CASSERLY. The Senator from Maine
will allow me to remark that I spoke of our
foreign commerce so far as it was carried on
in American bottoms or under the American
flag.
Hr. MORRILL, of Maine. That is what I
mean.
Mr. CASSERLY. Of course I know that
we have a great deal of foreign commerce; but
it is done in foreign bottoms and under foreign
flags.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. No; I am speak-
ing now of our own American ships : I am
speaking of American as against English. I
am speaking of American tonnage, and it is
over two millions, and is constantly increas-
ing. More than that, it is constantly spreading,
spreading into new fields of commerce. We
hope to get the possession of the Pacific seas,
