742
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 21,
and one of the purposes of the Navy and one
of the necessities of the Navy is to increase
the Asiatic squadron in connection with our
commerce and our spreading commerce in
those seas, and I intended to make myself
understood when I was up before as meaning
that that was one of the objects and one of
the necessities of this bill.
I did not rise, Mr. President, to do more
than simply to correct that statement. My
honorable friend says that we are left very
much in darkness on this subject, wanting in
specific information. From the very nature
of the case it must be so. As to the question
of timber, my information is that the Navy
Department has abundance of timber of oak
and and pine to build these ships. As I said
when I was up before, my information is that
outside, in the private yards of the country,
there is very little, simply because there not
having been encouragement for the build-
ing of ships in the last few years they have
not laid in a supply; but the Navy has the best
of materials.
It will be seen in reference to that fact
that with a view of encouraging private enter-
prise in the private ship-yards this bill pro-
vides that the Secretary of the Navy may, if
he finds it expedient, if he finds ship-yards
that are capable of building ships, build them
in private yards under contract. If he does
not find that these private ship yards have the
materials, then he may make contracts, fur-
nishing the materials himself to build them,
so as to avail himself of the skilled labor of
the country.
As the chairman of the committee is ex-
tremely anxious to pass this bill, as certainly
I am, I do not desire to detain the Senate by
saying another word.
Mr. MACHEN. Mr. President, I do not
propose to undertake to discuss the question
of ship-building, a subjcct with which I have
had no familiarity, and, as a matter of course,
I cannot enlighten the Senate in regard to it.
I wish, however, to state ray objections briefly
1o the amendment which lias been presented
by the Committee on Naval Affairs of the
Senate, and to express my decided preference
for the bill as it came from the House of
Representatives.
There has been no reason presented that has
to my mind carried with it any spocial force
showing a necessity for the construction of
these vessels at this time. Taking itfor granted,
however, that it may be necessary to increase
to some extent the armed vessels of the United
States, I have felt willing to go as far as the
House of Representatives have gone. 1 am
still willing to go so far. This seems to be
presented rather in the aspect of inquiry really
as to whether or not we shall form a nucleus
for the future consideration of the Government
in the construction of vessels. If that is the
object, six vessels are surely enough. If we
are to set out, to construct upon a new princi-
ple, unsettled as to whether iron or wood is the
better material, certainly six are sufficient to
develop the fact to the country and to the
Legislature for its future consideration.
I am not aware that we need any additional
forcc in order to protect our commerce. It is
said that the present vessels are unwieldy, that
they are dilapidated, that they are not suited
for the exigency. I heard nothing of that until
I came to Congress. It may be that all that
has been said on the subject is entitled to full
credence. I have my doubts, however, upon
that point.
I am willing to go as far as six. I think
there ought to be added to the House bill,
however, the provision which is presented in
the amendment, that they should be propelled
by steam or by sail. But I am not willing, and
I rose to make this statement especially, to go
further than the six, from the fact that improve-
ments are being made in the manufacture of
iron and the preparation of plates for the con-
struction of vessels. Patents have been se-
cured within the last twenty-four months in the
British empire, and the application has been
made in our own country, but not yet acted
upon, which promise that the great objection
to iron construction may be removed. It is
asserted by the patentee in Europe that one
half the weight will present more positive
strength than the present weight which is em-
ployed in the shielding of iron-clads. If this
be the fact we ought to have the experiment
presented in this country before we go further
in expenditure than the six vessels.
Mr. President, it is late, and perhaps I
should not present anything that would very
greatly enlighten the Senate, and in its rest-
less condition I do not propose to continue
the presentation even of the ideas I have on
the subject. ["Go on!"]
Mr. SPRAGUE. I would suggest to the
Senator from Kentucky a motion to go into
executive session if he desires to continue his
remarks to-morrow.
Mr. MACHEN. That would indicate to
the Senate that I have a matured speech to
present. I have not, and I do not wish to
give way, because I do not intend to prolong
the discussion. When I quit to-night, I am
done with it except to vote.
I think if we build six vessels, that by the
time we have accomplished their construction
enough light will have been received by the
Navy Department, and they can impart that
light to the Senate and House of Representa-
tiues whereby in the future we may be guided
successfully in the pathway of construction
for the protection of our commerce at the
least expense. It is not a time, as I conceive,
when we can lightly invest the funds of the
United States. Multiplied thousands of in-
stances are calling for the expenditure of the
finances of the Government at this time, and
thousands of cases are rejected from the fact
that there is a tremendous burden of indebted-
ness resting upon the country. Shall we in-
crease that burden by unnecessarily increasing
the number of vessels that are to protect our
commerce, which seems to scarcely need pro-
tection at this time ? I am not advised that
in any part of the habitable world there is
a necessity that we shall have a man of-war
to shield us from the outrages of any part of
civilization or of barbarianism even. The flag
of the United States is respected everywhere,
and where our flag is not to he seen the prestige
of the Government of the United States has so
extended that no Power undertakes to resist it;
and wherefore shall we spend unnecessarily the
money which we so much need for other pur-
poses? I do not know how much these vessels
are to cost. I think no estimate has yet been
positively presented; none that I have heard.
Some Senators suggest " four millions." That
is for the ten, as I understand.
Mr. COLE. Yes, sir.
Mr. MACHEN. Four millions for the ten
vessels. _ It is likely that it is but the incipient
appropriation, and before we have done with
tbesubject ten millions more will be demanded,
and under the circumstances of partial con-
struction it will be necessary for Congress to
expend to the amount necessary for their com-
pletion.
Mr. President, I think we ought upon this
subject to advance not with great dispatch but
with much deliberation. I am willing to vote
for the six vessels. I am willing to vote for
the amendment in some respects, so as to make
it more acceptable to the committee of the
Senate; that is, I am willing to provide that
the vessels shall be propelled either by sail or
steam. I think that is a desirable feature in
the amendment, but I am not willing to go for
the construction of ten vessels, and shall have
to vote against it. As it is late I will not pro-
long my remarks.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of executive
business.
Mr. CRAG IN. I hope not. I hope we
shall finish this bill to-night. I believe we can,
unless some other Senator indicates a purpose
to discuss it. I hope we shall try to finish it
in a few minutes.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Stew-
art in the chair.) Does the Senator from
Michigan insist on his motion ?
Mr. CHANDLER. Yes, sir.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from
Michigan.
The motion was agreed to—ayes 21-, noes 20.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Represent-
atives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, an-
nounced that the House had passed the bill
(S. No. 1144) to give to the bark Jewess an
Americau register.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the following bills ; in which it re-
quested the concurrence of the Senate :
A bill (H. R. No. 2104) for the relief of
Addison Goodell, of Illinois ;
A bill (H. R. No. 3101) providing for the
sale of timbered lands to settlers upon, and
owners of, untimbered lands; and
Abill (H. R. No. 8615) donating condemned
cannon and cannon-balls to the Wyoming
County Soldiers' Monument Association.
executive session.
The Senate proceeded to the consideration
of executive business, and after twenty minutes
spent therein the doors were reopened; and
(at four o'clock and forty-five minutes p. m.)
the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, January 21, 1873.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
mints, assay offices, etc.
The SPEAKER. The bill (H. R. No.
2934) revising and amending the laws relative
to the mints, assay offices, and coinagc of the
United States, which was passed.by the House
at the last session, being a general codification
of the laws ou that subject, has come back from
the Senate with sundiy amendments. The
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Hooper]
desires that the amendments be printed, a
vote of non-concurrence entered, and a com-
mittee of conference ordered.
Mr. RANDALL. Let us have the amend-
ments printed, so that we may consider them.
Then we shall be competent to say whether
we will nou-concur or not. 1 object to non-
concurring now in bulk. After they are
printed we may find some amendments to
which we shall be willing to accede.
Mr. L. MYERS. That will be the wisei
coursc.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I have
no objection to that course. v
The SPEAKER. The bill with the amend-
ments will be ordered to be printed, if there is
no objection.
There was no objection, and it was ordered
accordingly.
telegraph lines.
_Mr. MOREY, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution ; which was
read, considered, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the_ Committee on Appropriations
be instructed to inquire into and report t,o thellouse
of .Representatives as soon as practicable the cost
and present market value of the existing telegraph
lines now m successful operation within the United
States, and also the value of the franchises and spe-
cial privileges connected with such telegraphs, and
also what it would cost to construct new lines of
equal capacity with such existing lines.
rktuimd AltMY officers.
Mr. BUCKLEY, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution ; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
fieiolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs
