1702
THE COKGrRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 24,
ment to common schools. Why should we
select the District of Columbia, and say that
we will, under this bill, endow the common
schools there when we do not in any State ?
It is incongruous; it is not germane to the
bill.
What do we do for the District of Colttm
bia? Why we pick out an institution here
which is for the promotion of science and we
bestow this benefaction upon it. There is
no trouble about the children of the District
being taken eare of, we have already made pro-
vision for them. They have a good supply of
common schools. They have the Howard
Institute. They are always with us, and this
nation will always take care of the common
school interest of this District.
If we were at the first day of the session,
and this amendment were introduced, I would
oppose it on the principle that it is not ger-
mane to this bill at all. There is no propriety
that we should make provision for common
schools here and not make it for the common
schools of Ohio or of New Jersey.
Why, Mr. President, if we ever mean to
carry through a plan like this, noble as it is,
we must be content to give up, one here and
another there, an objection that we may have
to it, and come to that measure which can
pass Congress. This bill was introduced on the
very first day of the session. Immediately
on our returning after the holidays the Senator
from Vermont made his able exposition of
the bill; and here at the close of the session,
after it has passed by an overwhelming
majority the House of .Representatives, Sen-
ators are asked to have it postponed that they
may consider the measure. Let us adopt it
now. It has the approval of the country, and
the approval of the Representatives of the
people, and I believe a vast majority of this
Senate.
Mr. TIPTON. Mr. President, the honor-
able Senator from New Jersey is opposed to
diverting any portion of the proceeds of the
public lands as already provided for in this
bill, to the purposes of general education in
the District of Columbia; but if the District
of Columbia to-day had an agricultural col-
lege established under the former act, then
the District of Columbia would receive this
appropriation for the benefit of that agricul-
tural college. The District of Columbia is
just that many degrees below the educational
position of the States, and needs more, there-
fore, than she would if she had her agricul-
tural college and a system upon which that
agricultural college was based.
We have now, sir, to meet the necessities
of the South, of the lately seceded States, as
to the general common-school education. We
have to meet and we have to settle that ques-
tion before long ; and now when we are about
to meet it by saying that the first groat need
in those States is common-school education, I
shall follow up the amendment of the Senator
from Ohio, if it prevails, with a provision that
this fund be distributed for common-school
purposes also in t.he several States. Why?
Tbeir greatest need and want is common-
school education. The greatest need, it is
assumed, of the New England States is not
common-school education to-day. That has
been so far provided for by Government
grants and by individual taxation that we can
pass it by and meet the next greatest want,
agricultural colleges.
But we have not arrived at that point yet in
the South. We cannot put the State of South
Carolina on a par with New York and give to
each equally because their necessities are the
same for an appropriation for agricultural col-
leges. But, perhaps, we might meet a demand
of the State of New York for an agricultural
college, while South Carolina is not prepared
for the grant; she wants to go lower down in
the scale of the system of education ; she wants
hei portion of this fund for her common school
system. I protest, therefore, unless it can be
shown to the Senate that we have an overflow-
ing Treasury, that our people are released not
only from direct taxation but from indirect
taxation, and that they are able to meet this
demand, which is prospectively $94,000;000,
and also meet the demand of common-school
education in the South, that must all be done
before I shall refuse to vote every time a propo-
sition is presented for the purpose of diverting
a portion of this to the cause of common-school
education in this District and in the States of
the South.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. President, I think
after the experience of to-night the wisdom
of staying here until we finish the business we
have to do each day, taking our luncheon from
time to time, not all in the same half hour,
is apparent. I therefore venture to try the
experiment of asking unanimous consent that
the order made by the Senate on Saturday,
directing a recess from five to seven o'clock,
be modified so as to direct a recess, unless
otherwise ordered, from five until five and a
half o'clock in the afternoon.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor from Vermont asks unanimous consent
that the order made on Saturday fixing the
hour for a recess shall be modified so that
instead of taking a recess from five to seven, it
shall be taken from five to five and a half
o'clock daily. Is there objection?
Mr. SPENCER. I suggest to change that
so as to make the recess from five and a half
to six.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It is only for rest any
way.
Mr. DAVIS. We want to get something
to eat.
Mr. EDMUNDS. You can get it all the
time.
Mr. TIPTON. I cannot give my consent. I
do not propose that this discussion shall be
broken into in this way, so far as I am con-
cerned ; therefore I object.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Nebraskaobjects. The pending question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Ohio
[Mr. ShebmanJ totheamendmentof the House
of Representatives to the agricultural bill,
upon whioh a division has been asked.
Mr. SHERMAN. We shall have to have
a vote by yeas and nays.
Mr WILSON. I suggest that we let this
bill lie on the table until to-morrow morning,
when we shall have a full Senate, aivd then
take up the Army bill to-night. There are
many details we can go through with to-night.
Mr. EDMUNDS. We must have the regu-
lar order.
Mr. WILSON. I suggest that we have a
great deal of work to do. I have given several
votes already contrary to what I wished to
do, because I am so desirous to get through
with the appropriation bills. I intend to vote
that way without much reference to other
questions that may come up. Now I think we
can take up the Army bill, and unless we
reach some mooted point, finish it to-night or
nearly so; we can at least take up the bill and
have it read. There are a great many little
details to go over, and we can push it along
and make progress and take the vote on this
measure when we have a full Senate to-mor-
row.
Mr. MORTON. I call the Senator's atten-
tion to the fact that there is another matter to
come up to-morrow by general understanding.
Mr. WILSON. It will not do any harm to
let this go over.
Mr. ANTHONY. The suggestion of the
Senator from Vermont is so plainly in the
direction of the expedition of business, that it
must commend itself to every Senator present,
and I hope that the Senator from Nebraska
will withdraw his objection, and if he is op-
posed to the motion of the Senator from Ver-
mont, let him vote against it, and let us see
what the sense of the Senate is as to taking a
recess of half an hour. I would much prefer
no recess at all, because many of us can go
down stairs and get a lunch and be sent for
if we are required. Will the Senator from
Nebraska let that question be taken? '
Mr. TIPTON. I'prefer a reoess of two
hours.
Mr. ANTHONY. Then vote that way.
Mr. TIPTON. I propose to vote that way
when my privileges have been guarantied in
the Senate, one of which is to object.
Mr. ANTHONY. Then we will test the
question. I move to lay this bill on the table
for thepurposeof taking up the motion of the
Senator from Vermont, for it is very plain that
we cannot go on with this bill now properly.
Neither side wants to lake a vote on this bill
in a thin Senate, and I think both sides want
the fair judgment of the Senate upon it. I
move to lay this bill upon the table.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask the Senator to
withdraw that motion a moment. So far as I
am concerned, I do not care whether we have
a recess for half an hour or an hour, or two
hours. I should defer to any Senator who may
have a preference on that point, but I do not
think it fair to take the vote now on a question
of that kind upon which we had the full vote
of the Senate on Saturday.
Mr. ANTHONY. I do not think so either.
The Senator is right. I withdraw the sugges-
tion.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Can we not
come to an arrangement to have a vote upon
this measure to-morrow at one o'clock with-
out further debate ? If we can I have no ob-
jection.
Mr. MORTON, Mr. THURMAN, and
others. No! Nol >
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let us go on now. Nine
tenths-of the Senators who insisted upon having
arecess for two hours are away, and I think we
had better send for them, and notify them that
if it consists with their private duties we de-
sire them to come back here and attend to
the public business.
Mr. WILSON. I hope the Senator from
Vermont and all Senators will consent to let
this bill go over and take the vote on it in a
full Senate. The votes and the speeches to-
day have shown that there is much division
among us in regard to this bill, and we all
want to have a full expression of the Senate, I
am sure.
In the next place, we can take up the Army
bill. I think we have a quorum here, and we
Can take up that bill, and go over it, and get
so much work done. There is no use in those
of us who are here finding fault with those
who are not here. It seems to me that this is
a sort of battle week, and every Senator ought
to be in his seat all the time, or in the building
where he can be found; but every Senator will
act for himself, and the question before us is
this, how to get through our business during
the next six days. I am exceedingly anxious
that the appropriation bills shall be put in pro-
cess of being passed, so that they 'shall be safe,
and then we shall do all we can beside, and
what is necessary to the country. None of us,
I take it,.want an extra session this spring.
I trust then that we shall here to-night let
this measure lay aside, and take Up the Army
bill, and we can nearly, if not quite, finish it,
unless there be some point in that bill that
leads to division among us. ■ I do not know
that there will be.
Mr. STEWART. There is a quorum pres-
ent.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am rather astonished
at the remarks of the Senator from Massachu-
setts, if he is a Senator still. I suppose it is
to be assumed that every Senator when he left
here at the recoss knew that he had voted that
the session should begin at seven o'clock; and
it is now half past seven. Therefore, I must
assume that every Senator who is not here
expects to leave it to those who are here to
attend to the business of the country, and to
be satisfied with their judgment. When any
