1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
743
ho instructed (o inquire whether any action on the :
p:irt of" this House is necessary to equalize and ,
adjust the pay and rank of officers upon the retired 1
list ot the Army, and to report by bill or otherwise.
PUBLIC BUUjDINU AT b'C. JOSKl'!I, MISS0U1U,
Mr. PARKER, of Missouri, by unanimous
consent, submitted the following resolution ;
which was read, considered, and agreed to :
Rwolved by the Houhc of Rexiretentatives, That
the Secretary ot the Treasury be, and he is hereby,
requested to inform this House of the necessity for
the erection of a public building at St. Joseph,
Missouri, to be used by the United States Govern-
ment as a post office, custom-house, internal rev-
enue offices, and United States circuit and district
court-rooms; and also the probable cost of the'same,
and the opportunity of obtaining material for the
erection of the same in Missouri or Kansas.
MRS. MARY A. P. BROWN.
Mr. MORGAN, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee on Foreign Affairs, reported a
bill (H. R. No. 3614) for the relief of Mrs.
Mary A. P. Brown, widow of John P. Brown,
late secretary of legation at the Ottoman Porte;
which was read a first and second time, ordered
to be printed with the accompanying report,
and recommitted.
Mr. M-OREY moved to reconsider all the
votes which have been taken this morning;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
BARK JEWESS.
Mr. HOLM AN. I ask unanimous consent
to report back from the Committee on Com-
merce a bill (S. No. 1144) to give to the bark
Jewess an American register. The committee
believe the bill ought to pass, and it has the
recommendation of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury.
There was no objection.
Mr. HOLMAN, from the Committee on
Commerce, reported back a bill (S. No. 1144)
to give to the bark Jewess an American regis
ter, with the recommendation that it do pass.
The bill, which was read, provides that the
bark Jewess, built in Chelsea, Massachusetts,
in 1863, and now owned by Morris Ketchum.
a citizen of Connecticut, be relieved from any
disabilities imposed upon her by reason of an
act to regulate the registering of vessels,
passed February 10, 1866; and that the owner
of the bark be entitled to register the vessel
and to obtain a certificate thereof upon his
complying with the usual requirements of
law.
The bill was ordered to a third; and was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. COX moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed: and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
REORGANIZATION OF CONSULAR SYSTEM.
Mr. BANKS, by unanimous cousent, from
the Committee on Foreign Affairs, reported a
bill, printed for use of committee, to establish
*a consular service for the United States of
America, and to amend and consolidate sundry
acts of Congress relating to powers and duties
of consular otliees; which was read, ordered
to be printed for the use of the committee, and
recommitted.
SAl-K OF TIMBER LANDS TO SKTTLBRS.
Mr. SLATKR, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee on the Public Lands, reported
back a bill (H. R. No. 3101) providing for
the sale of timbered lands to settlers upon and
owners of untimbered lands, with an amend-
ment.
The bill, which was read, provides that each
actual and bona fide settler upon or owner
of un'imbered Hinds shall be entitled to enter,
at the proper local laud office, timbered lands
which have been or may be hereafter sur-
veyed, not exceeding forty acres tor each
eight) acifh of tmlimbered land occupied or
owned by each applicant., att.hi price of SI 2<">
|)tsr lie if f unless such timbered hxnds sought to
be entered be within the exterior lines of any
grant to aid in the construction of a railroad,
in which case the entry price shall be $2 50
per acre ; provided that no person shall be
allowed to enter more than one hundred and
sixty acres of timbered lands under the pro-
visions of the act; and provided also, that
before any such entry shall be allowed the
applicant shall make satisfactory proof that
he is an actual and bona fide settler upon or
owner of untimbered lands, particularly de-
scribing the same; and that such lands have
not sufficient timber growing thereon for their
improvement and support; and that no sec-
ond entry of timbered lands shall be allowed
to be made under the provision of the act by
any subsequent owner of any untimbered lands
for the benefit of which one entry of timbered
lands has been made. And all timbered lands
entered under the provisions of the act shall
be within thirty miles of the untimbered lands
described in the proofs and application.
The amendment reported from the commit-
tee was read, as follows :
In line seven strike out the words " eighty acres,"
and in lieu thereof insert" quarter^ section of one
hundred and sixty acres or less subdivision."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill as amended was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time ; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. SLATER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
DONATION OF CONDEMNED CANNO.V
Mr. WAKEMAN, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 3615) donatiug
condemned cannon and cannon-balls to the
Wyoming County Soldiers' Monument Asso-
ciation ; which was read a first and second
time.
The bill was read. It authorizes the Secre-
tary of War to deliver, if the same can be
done without detriment to the Government,
six condemned cannon and sixteen cannon-
balls to the Wyoming-County (_New York)
Soldiers' Monument Association.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. WAKEMAN moved to reconsider t.he
vote by which the bill was passed ; and also
moved that, the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
j The latter motion was agreed to.
] ANTONIO PELLETIER.
j Mr. PACKARD, by unanimous consent,
] from the Committee on Foreign Affairs, re-
' ported a memorial and statement of evidence
! in the case of Antonio Pelletier vs. The re-
I public of Hayti, and moved that the same
! he printed and recommitted to the same
I committee.
The motion was agreed to.
CONTESTED ELECTION NIBLACK VS TTALLS.
Mr. MeCRARY, from the Committee of
Elections, made a report in writing-in the con-
tested-election case ol Silas L. Niblack t>*.
JosiahT. Walk-, accompanied by the following
resolutions; which were read:
Jtcaoleoi, Til.U Josiall T. Wails is entitled to
a seat in this House from the Suae ot liormn.
Metolrc<l. That Silas L. Niblick entitled to a
jcai in thi* liou&e from the £>tute oi lioriua.
Mr. MeCRARY. I move that the report,
with accompanying resolutions, be penned,
and lie on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
ADDISON G00DEIX.
Mr. McGREW, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee on Private. Land Claims, re-
ported back the bill (H. R. No. 2101) for the
relief of Addison Goodell, ol Illinois, with an
amendment in the nature ol a substitute.
The substitute was read, as follows:
Bu ti mulcted, <fcc., That the Comaussioucr of the
General Land Offiee be, and he isliereby, authorized
and directed to state an account in favor of Addison
Goodell, of Illinois, for the repayment of $400 paid
as the purchase money of the northwest quarter of
section No. -25. township twenty-four north, of range
ten east, entered by Thomas 0. L. Warns ley on the
2ath of November, 1855, per Danville, Illinois, cer-
tificate No. 18320, and sold by him to said Addi-
son Goodell, the entry having been canceled at
the General Land Office: Provided, That before
the said sum of $400 shall be paid to the said Addi-
son Goodell, he shall execute a bond to the United
States in the sum of 3300, with sufficient security to
be approved by the Secretary of the Treasury, con-
ditioned to save harmless the United States from
any liability to said Thomas G. L. Wamsley, or any
person claiming under him by reason ofthepayment
hereby authorized to be made to the said Addison
Goodell.
The amendment, in the nature of a substi-
tute, was adopted.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. McGREW moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
B. BURTON AND C. C. STOCKLKY.
Mr. RANDALL, by unanimous consent,
j from the Committee on the Post Office and
j Post Roads, reported back, with the recom-
• mendation that it do not pass, the bill (H. R.
' No. 3127) for the relief of Benjamin Burton
j and Charles C. Stoekley, of Georgetown, Del-
I aware ; and moved that the committee be dis-
j charged from the further consideration of the
: same, and that it be laid on the table.
i The motion was agreed to.
i Mr. RANDALL. I move that the report
.i in this case be printed, and that it be also
ii printed in the Globe.
1 There was 110 objection, and it was so or-
dered.
The report is as follows:
:: The Committee on the Post Office and Post Boads,
to whom was referred the bill H. R. No. 3127,
respectfully report that it appropriates the sum of
; $140 12. being ono month's extra pay on the amount
.' ot then contract, as an indemnity to Messrs. Barton
. A: Stockle. for the discontinuance of the service on
I route So. 3423. Snow Hill,-Maryland, to Eastville,
Virginia, under contract with tliem for the term
; lStiU to 1864. The discontinuance of the service was
' ordered on the 23th of May. 1S61, under the act of
i February 20; 1861. authorizing the Postmaster Gen-
r eral to discontinue service on any route on which,
I for any cause whaisoever. it coukl not be safely
i ocrformed; and because the section of country
inrougn which the greater part of the route ran,
| nameiy, Ae^omac and ^orchampt.iu counties, \ ir-
■ j^ini."!. vra? then m the possession of the confederate
'1 lorce-. T3i1 service ceased on the 31st of May, 1S61,
; and on the Aid ot November, lSGl.it was ordered to
; bo resinned, the Government truop? beiui then in
p.session of that portion of Virginia, and it was
ii recommenced on the 2d of December and continued
! to be performed to the end of the contract term,
!' June .30,1SJ4. ,
;; The month's extra pay usually allowed contractors
upon the discontinuance of their service was not
- allowed in this case by the 1/epiirunent, tor the rea-
!; son that the discontinuance was ordered as above
I Stated, under the act of February 23, ISel, being the
i act under which the entire mail service in the con-
', feJerat e States was discontinued oy the general order
: of Postmaster General Blair of May It, i8'u. Ifce
. e-ve was considered as one belonging to that class
ot service, and it wus> apprehended that ii the extra
• pav a^uould be alb-wed it m^ht be laKcn an ad-
• mission that thecontractors in the conioderate states
; were entitled totho monrh\> extra, pay ui>od thedis-
' continuance of their service, and thus establish, a
• precedent which might involve th.. expenditure 01 a
\ very Urge amount of mono}. TncitvSl ot the ser-
>; vice m the confederate States and m tL*; States of
!' Kentucky and Mis-nun, under the act of jfcebruary
I! ISi'l, was $S..S 'J.-iTo, a  mI * month'.-, extra pay on
i that sum would be ^liTT.Teo. AoJ although tne
i; amount asked f<r by this bill is small, ir is but the
>' foierunnerot more, which would absorb the entire
!« amount withheld; and tuis. too, lor a. suspension ot
-service which the w.ir then in progress rendered im-
|; possible for them to iuliill. Your committee aceord-
1; mgly recommend that the bill do not pass.
i; right OF \r\Y IN THE THEKITOKIES.
Mr. CLiAGETT. I ask luiaaimoua consent
; tliat the CoairaiE;ee on Railways and Canals
!t be allowed 10 repoit back the bill (EL B, No.
i| grunting rights of way W railway com-
