im
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 24,
sissippi if he knows of a college in any one of
the southern States to-day, a college of any
standing, that has been in existence five, ten,
or thirty years, into which colored students
are admitted now ? Is there any established
college, unless it is one established expressly for
colored people, is there one to-day io all the
South into which colored men are admitted ?
I should like to have that question answered.
Mr. CLAYTON. I can answer the Sen-
ator as to my own State. In the State I have
the honor in part to represent the agricultural
college there does admit both classes.
Mr. ALCORN. The Senator from Ark-
ansas has answered the Senator from Indiana.
Mr. MORTON. The agricultural college is
a very young institution ; and I do not know
how extensively it is patronized there. I pre-
sume it has never graduated anybody yet. I
should like to know how many students there
are in it.
Mr. CLAYTON. The institution has been
in operation a little over a year, and it is in a
flourishing condition, and has between one
hundred and two hundred students.
Mr. MORTON. The Senator from Ark-
ansas speaks of one institution. Now is there
another, is there one in all the South that had
an existence before the war, any of the estab-
lished institutions of Virginia, South Caro-
lina, Georgia, Alabama, any of the southern
States, in which a colored man is admitted ?
Mr. SPENCER. Not in Alabama.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Does the
Senator from Indiana suppose that before
slavery was abolished the slaves were admitted
to colleges? Of course nobody supposes so.
Mr. MORTON. I did not ask the question
about what was the case before slavery was
abolished. I speak of any established institu-
tion in the South since that time. I presume
there have been but few established since that
time. Most of the colleges there were there
before slavery was abolished; but that is not
material. The question is now whether under
the fourteenth amendment, and under all the
legislation since, there is a single well-estab-
lislied college in the South that admits colored
men into it at this day ?
Mr. SAWYER. Will the Senator from
Mississippi and the Senator from Indiana in-
dulge me with u reply to this question?
Jir. ALCORN. 1 will indulge the Senator
with a reply.
Mr. SAWYER. I would like to say to the
Senator from Indiana that the doors of the
oldest college in South Carolina are open to
the black man whenever he applies.
Mr. MORTON. Are there any there?
Mr. SAWYER. Whether there are any
entered, 1 will uot say. The control of the
institution is in hands that will not shut its
doors to any man who applies, let his color
or previous condition be what it may, white
or black.
Mr. ALCORN. The citizenship of the col-
ored man is established. I was going on to
say that he was turned loose after the war in
his rags, and without a single syllable of edu-
cation, and now he comes here and asks the
Government and the States to assist them in
carrying forward a system of education that
will bring this knowledge so necessary to the
good citizen, to the colored man and to the
white man, to his door. The honorable Sen-
ator from Minnesota arises in his place and
objects to this. If that Senator will look at
the appropriations that have been made by the
Government to schools and to colleges in the
State that he represents, lie will lind that this
nation has appropriated nearly seven million
acres of land to the cause of education in the
State he represents. Very well may he say
that he can do without this college bill, and
that it is an iniquity. His State stands
intrenched by this vast donation that brings
education to the doors of all the citizens of
Minnesota. I am glad that the fact exists.
Well may old colleges come here with their
professors and protest against this bill as
invading their prerogative to charge those
persona for education in those old institu-
tions that are beyond the reach of the poor
citizens of the State that I in part represent
on this floor. This is a system, by means of
bringing education to the doors of the people,
of cheapening education and placing college
education within the reach of the colored
people of the land, as well as the white.
In the old colleges the curriculum has been
established heretofore; that curriculum exists
to-day; and it fixes a standard of education that
is above that education which has been grasped
by the colored men since the war ended. But
in these agricultural colleges it is intended to
bring education home to the masses of the peo-
ple ; it is intended to bring education to the
agricultural interests of the country, to the
wants of the people, and the curriculum will
not be established in a form to drive them out
of college, but to bring them into college. The
common-school system will supply the wants of
the college which this bill proposes to endow,
and the college will send back to the common
schools scholars who will become teachers in
the land.
The honorable Senator from Ohio said that
they had but six agricultural colleges in all Ger-
many, which embraces a population of sixty
million people. But, sir, many of the States
of this Union have a territory larger in extent
than all Germany combined. It is the
sparsely populated districts ofthe country that
demand the very legislation we are seeking to
enforce to-day. N ew York, if she were stripped
of a million and a half or two millions of her
population, would to-day staud in greater
need of this legislation than she stands to-day
with her five millions of population. The
State of Nevada, that has a population of but
about fifty thousand people, demands to-day
the same paid faculty and the same appli-
ances of education that are necessary for the
State of New York. When you come to pay
your Federal district judge in the State of
Nevada, you give him the same salary that
you give your district judge in the State of
New York; and why do you do so? Because
it requires the very same amount of intelli-
gence, it requires the same judicial learning,
the same knowledge to adjust and adjudicate
the laws in Nevada that it does in the State
of New York ; the rights of citizens are every-
where the same.
The honorable Senator from Ohio stated
that the Government when it came to make
appropriations for the purposes of Govern-
ment looked not to State lines; when you
come to establish light houses, you looked
beyond State lines. Sir, this bill proposes to
establish light-houses all over the land, whose
corruscations will light up with intelligence
and education the masses of the people of
this nation. It goes beyond State lines. Edu-
cation tramples under its feet as it goes for-
ward all such distinctions and knows no
State lines. The child who is educated in
Nevada is one whose intelligence belongs as
well to the State of New York as to Nevada.
It is a common heritage of all the people; it
belongs not to any section of the land, but to
:he whole country.
Mr. WfiSTDOM. I rise mainly for the pur-
pose of correcting a statement made by the
honorable Senator who has just taken his seat.
He says that Minnesota has received some
seven million acres of land for school purposes.
I am very happy to hear it. It is certainly
news to me. Minnesota has never received
the one half of that amount for school purposes.
She has received the ordinary amount of land
appropriated to all the new States, and my
friend is very far from correct when he says
that she has received the amount which he
St&tGS
Mr. ALCORN. If the Senator will allow
me, I do not wish to disturb him at all, for
I do not like the custom that exists here of
interrupting a Senator when he is making
remarks, but I have the official Land Office
report before me which shows that 6,719,324
acres of land were donated in grants for schools
alone in that State.
Mr. WINDOM. I think the Senator is mis-
taken. Minnesota has but about forty-three
million acres of land and she only receives one
sixteenth for school purposes.
Mr. ALCORN. If the Senator will allow
me further, in addition to the 6,719,324 acres
for schools, 46,080 acres were donated by the
Government for universities in the State of
Minnesota, according to this report.
Mr. WINDOM. I will take occasion to
look at the document presently, but I am satis-
fied that it cannot be correct.
Mr. MORTON. I will ask the Senator if
the State got the sixteenth section ?
Mr. WINDOM. We got the sixteenth and
thirty-sixth sections ; but the grant cannot by
possibility amount to anything like that amouut
of land.
While I am on my feet, I will say to the
honorable Senator from Mississippi that I will
join with him in voting for any proper bill that
will carry out the principle of his argument.
He says let us educate the people, the whole
people. I say with him, let us educate the
people; but when the honorable Senator from
Indiana proposes to amend this bill to-night,
so that the whole people of the State in which
my friend resides shall have its benefit, he is
opposed to that amendment. Every Senator
here knows that it is in the power of the State
of Mississippi and of every other southern
State to exclude the colored people from these
schools. I have sat here and in the other end
of the Capitol night after night, for the purpose
of enforcing amendments upon bills to protect
the rights of the colored people of the South;
but I have no doubt that the Senate to-night
propose to h,and over all the colored people of
the South to the tender mercies of those who
will control these schools.
We have just seen an amendment voted
down, offered by the honorable Senator from
Indiana, [Mr. Pratt,] which proposed to
place some safeguards around this fund. He
proposed that the irresponsible parties who
may exist in the future and have control of
this fund should give bond and security for the
faithful execution of their trust; and we have
seen the Senate vote it down. I have no
doubt if the proposition had passed the House
and was brought here by the Senator from
Vermont to vote $500,000,000 to these schools
it would pass to-night, and no amendment
would be allowed to it. Consequently, when
the interest of the colored man is at stake, when
we all know that in voting this $90,000,000 to
these schools he may be excluded from all'the
benefits of it, we shall go back upon the prin-
ciples we have advocated here for years, and
we shall let the colored man take care of him-
self, and build up in the South, as well as in
the North, these aristocratic institutions to
educate a few men and leave the masses un-
educated.. Bring in your bill to educate the
people and I will vote for it if it costs
$90,000,000; but I will not vote this amount
for the purpose indicated in this bill.
Mr. BORBMAN. Since I made a remark
in regard to the amendment offered by the
Senator from Indiana [Mr. Pratt] I have
found the act of 1862, and I find that it pro-
vides sufficient security for this fund, and it
imposes the duty upon the States, in the event
that any portion of it is lost, to replace it. 1
will read that portion of the fifth section
applicable to this particular point:
"If any portion of the fund invested, as provided
by the foregoing section, or any portion of the in-
terest thereon, shall, by any action or contingency,
be diminished or lost, it shall be replaced by the
State to which it belongs, so that the capital of the
fund shall remain forever undiminished."
That imposes the obligation upon the State
to replace the fund in case any portion of it is
lost.
