746
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 21,
was not repealed by the supplemental law,
pro ianto, as I have stated, Vermont, for exam-
ple, in the fullness of generosity, being allowed
a Representative for some sixty thousand peo-
ple? And I would like to know, further, where
is the justice, where is the propriety of allow-
ing old and declining States a representation
for less than a moiety of the ratio, when you
deny representation absolutely to a young and
growing Territory with a small fraction less
than the full basis of representation.
Mr. POTTER. I should be happy to answer
the gentleman, if he will allow me.
Mr. TAFFE. I yield to the gentleman for
that purpose.
Mr. POTTER. The general provision of
law, that no State should be admitted unless
it had representation enough to entitle it to
one Representative, was not repealed pro tanto
by the supplementary law increasing the rep-
resentation in this House from two hundred
and eighty-three to two hundred and ninety-
two. That supplementary law was but a pro-
vision for making, as it was considered, a just
distribution of representation to those States
that had unrepresented fractions ; that was
all. And it in nowise affected the represent-
ation of those States in the Senate. But the
objection to the gentleman's bill is that for a
population of forty or fifty or sixty thousand
people he proposes to bring one Representa-
tive into this House and two representatives
into the Senate, when, by the same rule of
popular representation, my congressional dis-
trict would be entitled to three or four mem-
bers on this floor and six or eight in the Sen-
ate. I say that is not popular representation,
but is simply preposterous as the mode of
representation in a government exercising the
powers which Congress exercises.
Mr. TAFFE. it is conclusive, of course,
when a man says that a thing is preposterous.
But at the same time I beg to proceed tlie
same as if that crushing argument had not
been used.
Mr. POTTER. Does the gentleman mean
to say that, for a population of forty or sixty
thousand to have one Representative here and
two Senators, while forty-five hundred thou-
sand people in my State have but two Sen-
ators—that that is popular representation ?
Mr. TAFFE. I claim that that is an argu-
ment against the form rather than against the
laet. It is too late to interpose that plea,
which is an argument against the Government
itself.
Mr. POTTER. Does the gentleman mean
to say that there is anything in the form of
our Government which warrants 
Mr. TAFFE. I do notwish to yield further.
The gentlemen argue that the compromise
made did not extend any further than the
original States, but I hold that the spirit of
that compromise was that it should apply
under like circumstances to all States or Ter-
ritories that should hereafter seek admission
into the Union. 1 wish to ask them if they
propose to exclude from representation in
this House, for all time, a Territoiy occupying
one third of the: continent, because of its
incidental senatorial representation? I admit
that the principle may work occasional hard-
ships ; bur there is great wisdom in the gen-
eral system of cheeks and balances provided
for in the Constitution.
Suppose, for instance, as has been suggested,
that New York. Pennsylvania, and Ohio should
have a community of interest in a commercial
enterprise, in opposition to the other States of
the Union ; by a concert of action they could
override in this House the action of the other
States, and also in the Senate if there was a
relative representation. That is the reason
why that clause was inserted in the Constitu-
tion, and it is too late for gentlemen to come
here and interpose this plea against inequality
in senatorial representation. There are gen-
tlemen here representing but sixty thousand
people, while my friend from Kansas [Mr,
Lows] represents six hundred thousand, but I
do not find the "body" States raising a point
on that. It is the senatorial representation
that troubles them. I claim that the Senate
is a perpetual body ; it is an advisory body;
it advises the President, and confirmations are
made by and with the advice and consent of
the Senate. I beg to call the attention of the
House to a change in language in late years.
We talk now about a man being appointed and
confirmed, the old language being that a man
was nominated, confirmed, and appointed.
There are, of course, some cases of hardship
in representation upon this floor; I am willing
to admit that fact; but if gentlemen wish to
preserve precise equality and propose to set
up an equity resting on exact numbers, then
whenever Delaware, Rhode Island, and per-
haps Vermont, fall below the basis of repre-
sentation, as they certainly will, by parity
of reasoning they should, by constitutional
amendment, be ousted of all representation.
There are gentlemen upon this floor who claim
that a census, for political purposes, cannot
be taken oftener than once in ten years. Be-
cause the taking of the census once in a decade
is imperative in the Constitution, it is held
that the idea of taking it at any intermediate
period is, by implication, precluded. They
are perfectly willing, however, that the pop-
ulation in the Territories shall remain unrep-
resented for ten, twenty, or thirty years, aud
no hands are raised in holy horror against
such inequality; but it is in the Senate that
the trouble arises. They are satisfied, how-
ever, that a population enumerated to their
credit in 1870, and emigrating the same year,
shall remain actually unrepresented for ten
years, while they retain the power by mere
presumption or fiction of law.
I know something of the hardships of living
in a Territory. I have lived west of the Mis-
souri river under Gve administrations, begin-
ning with that of President Pierce. We did
not have any voice in electing our Governor,
our secretary, our judges. The judges were
at the same time United States and territorial
judges; they were nisi prius judges and
supreme judges; they had chancery and com-
mon-law jurisdiction. It would take a great
deal of care to subdivide their functions,
having a marshal of the United States and a
sheriff of the county in waiting. If we take
a review of recent decisions, I think it will
be found that their several jurisdictions are
completely confused and wholly unintelligible
to the Supreme Court of the United States.
T wish to refer to another feature. It is said
this Territory does not grow. If so, which is
not the fact, it is because you will not let it
grow. The school lands, two sections in every
township, are not available to the Territories
The half million acres of land given under the
statute of 1841 for internal improvements are
not available. And so of the salt lands, &e.;
they are not available to the Territories. 1
can say of my own personal knowledge that
the taxes in Nebraska were lower after the
Government of the United States was relieved
of the expense of our Legislature, Governor,
judges, &c., than they were during our terri-
torial existence.
Gentlemen are very charitable to Colorado,
and do not want her to assume the responsi-
bilities and burdens of a State government.
Sir, charity is a good thing, but you do not
often force it upon rich people. The people
of Colorado say they are able to bear the bur-
dens and expenses of a State government.
They levied no tax during the last year, which,
I believe, is a thing unheard of before in this
country either in a State or Territory.
I submit, therefore, these considerations,
which perhaps do not occur to members from
the older States. I submit what is in my
opinion an argument in favor of Colorado and
in support of the propriety of the admission
of my own State. The census shows that
Nebraska has a population of one hundred and
twenty-three thousand. But we have forty-five
thousand registered voters—the registry law
beinga stringent one and applying to an agricul-
tural people—and I have no doubt we have fifty
thousand legal voters to-day in the State, be-
cause at the date of registration a great many
could not register by reason of short residence.
I represent on this floor, to-day, two hundred
and fifty thousand people. By the end of the
decade I have no doubt the State of Nebraska,
with eleven railroads, twelve hundred miles
of which are in actual operation, will have a
population of seven hundred thousand. But
we will not find the gentleman who represents
the New York hemisphere of the "body" of
this great American bird rising up here and
exclaiming against the inequality of our rep-
resentation ; not by any manner of means.
Sir, I hold that it is too late to go back of
the Constitution and behind the formation of
the Government itself, and set up a plea that
there must be an exact numerical proportion
to entitle Territories to admission, or old States
to retain their original status in the U nion.
Disparities in senatorial representation were
clearly contemplated and fully argued. For
instance, three of the great States could prac-
tically blot out the smaller ones, and carry any
bill they desired, if their senatorial represent-
ation was what is claimed by the gentleman
fro in New York, and adopting the represent-
ation in the popular branch as a standard.
Therefore the Constitution was not without
great wisdom in its provisions in regard to the
senatorial representation. I would ask gen-
tlemen what the New England States, Dela-
ware, and pthers would amount to if some of
the States had representation in the Senate
in proportion to that which they have in the
popular branch of Congress?
1 find that the gentleman from the city of
New York who represents the States rights
idea [Mr. Potter] .arrives at the same con-
clusion from different premises as does the
Federalist, printed in his own town. The
Federalist does not believe in forty sovereign-
ties, or in but one sovereignty, and therefore
it is opposed to the admission of new States.
The gentleman from New York city is in favor
of many sovereignties, and he is opposed to
the admission of new States. They view the
case from different stand-points, but arrive at
the same conclusion with wonderful facility.
Now, look for a moment at the resources of
Colorado. Gentlemen talk about their coun-
ties; about their subdivisions and districts,
little areas of three hundred or may be four
hundred square miles. Are these, Mr. Speaker,
to be set up against one hundred and six thou-
sand square miles, with all its resources, capa-
bilities, and prospects? Thegentleman under-
takes to put a finished county of New York,
with its prospects, against Colorado with one
hundred and six thousand square miles—an
empire of mineral, stock, and grain-growing
wealth. That is a specious argument, and just
on a par with the old threadbare homily which
has been declaimed here a thousand and one
times, in the matter of the inequality of sena-
torial representation. It' gentlemen wish to
change the whole character of the Government
and wipe out State lines, let them make a
direct proposition to that effect; but lot them
not repel from this House a half million peo-
ple inhabiting a third of the domain of the
Government, and keep them out of the Union
for an indefinite period, as would the proposi-
tion of the two gentlemen ifrom New York,
[Mr. E. H. Roberts and Mr. Potter.]
[Here the hammer fell.]
The SPEAKER. The order of the House
was that at half past one o'clock to-day, which
has now arrived, the House would consider, to
the exclusion of all other orders, reports from
the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. TAFFE. Was not two o'clock the hour
fixpd ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair finds it was
half past one.
