7.48
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 21,
and all drawbacks of duty on any imported
material used in the construction of such
steamship, nor shall any steamship of any line
receiving a special- appropriation of moneys
as subsidy of postal estimate or otherwise, by
special act, be entitled to the benefits of this
act; and provided also that the annual pay-
ment of bounty authorized • by this act shall
not be made upon any vessel entitled thereto
under this act after the line to which it be-
longed when it became entitled to bounty shall
eease to perforin the service required by the
provisions and stipulations under which it
became entitled to such bounty.
The sixth section provides that the board
of commissioners of commerce shall give
public notice that proposals will be received
for the construction of vessels as authorized
by the fifth section of this act, and the first
preference shall be given to such proposals as
shall be made within the limits specified for
the construction of fifty thousand tons upon
the Atlantic and Gulf coast, twenty-five thou-
sand tons upon the great lakes and the Ohio
and Mississippi rivers, and twenty-five thou-
sand tons upon the Pacific ccast.
The seventh section provides that the ves-
sels hereinbefore authorized shall be first-class
vessels, to be constructed after such plans,
models, and specifications as shall have been
first approved by the Bureau of Construction
and Repair of the Navy Department; and the
Government may at any time purchase or
charter said vessels, or require them to carry
the mails between the United States and any
foreign country, and payment shall be made
therefor of such suras as shall be ascertained
and determined by five disinterested persons,
three of whom shall be appointed by the Pres-
ident of the United States, and two by the
Owner or owners of any vessel that may be so
taken or employed; and the Secretary of the
Navy may detail an officer of the Navy not
above the rank of lieutenant to serve as second
officer or officer of inferior position on board
of any vessel that may be built under the
authority of the first section of this act; and,
upon the request of the owner of any such
vessel, he may detail an officer of the Navy
to serve as commander, if consistent with the
public interests.
The eighth section provides that there shall
be allowed and paid, uuder such regulations as
shall be established by the board of comnais-
sioners of commerce, upon every first-class
sailing vessel of not less than three hundred
tons burden constructed in the United States,
and launched and finished, the sum of twelve
dollars for each ton of the registered tonnage
of any such vessel.
The ninth section provides that if the owner
of any vessel on which a bounty shall have
been paid by authority of either of the two last
preceding sections shall desire to have such
vessel enrolled and licensed for the coasting
trade, such authority may be granted by the
board of commissioners of commerce upou
and after the repayment of the amount origin-
ally paid by the Government, after making a
deduction of ten per cent, for each year that
such vessel may have been in service ; pro-
vided that at least fifty percent, of the amount
originally paid s hall be refunded to the Gov-
ernment.
The tenth section provides that vessels of
the United States employed in the foreign
trade or in the fisheries may purchase ship
stores and supplies in bond and without pay-
ment of duties, under such regulations as may
be prescribed by the board ot commissioners
of commerce.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Sympson, one of its clerks, notifying the
House that that body lmd passed bills of the
following titles; in which the concurrence of
the House was requested :
A bill (S. No. 893) for the protection of the
owners of saw-mills on the Mississippi river;
and
A bill (S. No. 1183) to enable the Commis-
sioner of Indian Affairs to purchase and pay
for certain improvements within the Nez Perce
Indian reservation in the Territory of Idaho.
It further announced that the Senate had
passed (H. R. No 2943) to provide for the
erection of a public building at Nashville, with
an amendment; in which the concurrence of
the House was requested.
It further announced that the Senate had
passed bills of the House of the following
titles without amendment:
A bill ( H. R. No. 171) to provide for the
sale of part of the light-house reservation at
Fort Gratiot, Port Huron, in the State of
Michigan ; and
A bill (H. R. No. 2886) for the relief of
Margaret Fillebrown.
ADMISSION OF COLORADO.
Mr. TAFFE. Mr. Speaker, I ask, by unani-
mous consent, that the bill (H. R. No. 148)
to enable the people of Colorado to form a
constitution and State government, and for
the admission of said State into the Union on
an equal footing with the original States, with
the pending amendment, be ordered to be
printed for the use of members.
There was no objection, and it was ordered
accordingly.
ENCOURAGEMENT OF COMMERCE
Mr. SHELLABARGER. Mr. Speaker, the
measure now submitted by the committee for
the action of Congress rests its approval upon
the single proposition that the immediate
assumption by the people of this country of
their just proportion of dominion upon the
ocean is a present and commanding national
necessity, and that this can be attained only
by the direct, persistent, and powerful aid of
the Government of the United States.
In the slight discussion which occurred when
this bill was at the late session before the House,
it seemed to be conceded on all sides that the
commerce of a nation, in its large sense, and
as meaning " the exchange of commodities be-
tween nations," is completely vital to national
prosperity. Indeed this proposition has been
neither debated nor doubted in any State since
the dawn of civilization ; and is so obviously
true, that Mr. McCulloch assumes it as an
axiom that a State without commerce is one
" without arts, science, civilization, or a place
in the family of States."
But admitting this," that international ex-
changes are completely vital to us, I under-
stand that it is denied by some that it is greatly
important that this nation should, retain con-
trol over the lines, vehicles, and markets of
her commerce. It is this fatal mistake, which
this nation seems about to make, which alarms
me. It is to the effort to avert the disasters
to come from such mistake that I shall devote
the remarks I am about to make. I go at
once to the statement of the truth which is to
be the foundation of my argument.
OWNUKSHtr OF INSTRUMENTS AND DEPOTS OF COM-
MERCE VITAL.
It is this: a nation which surrenders or be-
comes incapable of carrying on and controlling
its own exchanges of commodities in its own
vehicles and channels of trade is one which,
at the very beginning of that surrender or in-
capacity, has commenced to sink in a vital
respect to the rank of an inferior and depend
ent nation, and is oue which must cease to
hold any material commerce or rank in the
community of nations.
It is precisely this last momentous truth
would fix, if I only could, in the profoundest
convictions of this entire people. I repeat it
in other words. If the United States become
incapable of creating, owning, protecting and
governing the instruments and lines of her
own international as well as domestic com-
merce, and if'she surrender these to the own-
ership and mastery of other nations, the sur-
render is fatal—fatal first to her rank and
independence as a nation, then to her inter-
nal productions, growth, and prosperity, and'
ultimately to her very existence.
In presenting the proofs of a troth so grave
in import as this, I trust I will be pardoned in
appealing to every available class of evidence
which supports it, and even to the most, famil-
iar truths in the history of international com-
merce. The classes of proof to which I shall
appeal are mainly three, namely, histoiy,
authority, and obvious principle. Of course
nothing more than the merest glance at these
proofs is possible in this my single hour.
history.
If that glance at the history of commerce
should show that the power, wealth, prosperity
and independence of every nation of the past
have been rather in the proportion in which it
has been enabled to own, create, and control
the channels, instruments, depots, and markets
of the world, than in the proportion in which
it has had territories, population, or mineral
and agricultural capabilities, then, most mani-
festly, the historic proof of the vital value of
controlling these instruments of commercehas
reached about to the certainty of demonstra-
tion. And now I assert that this historic dem-
onstration is absolute and complete. I care
not how vast in range or profound in depth
you may make your search into this field of
the past, its demonstrations are completely
resistless that the nations which hold mastery
over the channels and instruments of the
world's commerce hold mastery of the world's
markets also; and, holding these, that nation
then holds empire among the nations; and
losing these, empire first, and existence last,
is lost. In glancing at these proofs it will not
be possible to sever the results upon the for-
tunes of States and cities of the two things in
their commerce, to wit: first, bring the great
depots or recipients of the commodities of inter-
national commerce, and, second, bring the
carriers, exchangers, bankers and governors
of that interchange, or commerce. This sever-
ance cannot be made in the argument, because,
with few and immaterial exceptions, the sever-
ance has not been made in history. States and
cities that have been the depots of the world's
commerce have been, in almost the same exact
ratio, the governors of the lines and instru-
ments of trade. The exceptions to this are
mainly ancient and hence not so conclusive
precedents under the altered conditions of
modern trade, and were the results of the
accident of location which threw them into the
pathway of the commerce of other peoples.
Mr.'Speaker, I take, as my first example,
one of the saddest in the line of history—
India. In speaking of it, one historian says:
"Commerce in the history of nations is a per-
petual Argonautic expedition, and from the first
period of commerce, down to our present time, its
Colchis has been India."
Another describes it as a vast peninsula,
unsurpassed in fertility and beauty, with the
mighty streams of the Indus and Ganges, the
triple chain of the giant Himalayas, and four
thousand miles of coast and two hundred
million inhabitants. Still another describes
the palaces of her kings as four miles long, as
of porphyry, whose porticos were covered with
gold and their halls hung with richest bro-
cade ; where heaps of pearls and diamonds
were piled, and from whose vaults pagodas
and gold mohurs were measured out by the
bushel; palaces where were thrones, one gem
in one of which was the Koh-i-noor, another
became a erown jewel of Russia, and the en-
tire resplendent_ toy valued at $65,000,000.
And yet this India has ever been without any
international commerce dominated by herself,
and has had one with every commercial nation
of the globe, but a commerce over which she
ever permitted these nations to be lord. And
touching the results upon India of that foreign
dominion over her commerce, even before she
became, as she is now, both the commercial
