1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m§
the whole township, just as you would sell a
man a tract of land with a right of common in
other pieces of land adjacent to it. The_ Gov-
ernment sold it to thera for a price. It is not
a bounty; it never has been a bounty.
But, sir, this does not propose to do any
such thing as that. This is not acase in which
that policy is to be followed out at all, but
this is a case m which you are to take just so
much money out of the Treasury of the United
States by the hocus-pocus of calling it the pro-
ceeds of the sales of the public lands, and you
are to disregard every principle of justice and
equality in the distribution of that money.
Mr. President, I have occupied more of the
time of the Senate upon this question than I
desire to do, when 1 know the Senate is so
hard pressed for time ; but I do not intend to
be put in a false position about this. If there
is a man in the Senate who is a friend to agri-
culture I am. Nearly everything that I have
in the world is in the soil of the country. I do
know that agriculture is the most depressed
industry in this land. I know that it produces
less return to those who pursue it. i know it
is getting worse day by day, and I believe sin-
cerely that one of the reasons for that is the
inequality of our laws of taxation. I want to
begin at the right end. It is not by increasing
your public debt; it is not by additional taxa-
tion ; it is not by fanciful benefits to be derived
from agricultural colleges or any such thing
that you are to build up the agricultural inter-
ests of this country. No, sir; if you want to
build them up as you ought to do you must do
it by equal and just laws of taxation which
shall not tax them for the benefit of other
industries.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Car-
penter in the chair.) The question is on the
araeudmeut of the Senator from Indiana [Mr.
M0UT03f j to the amendment of the House of
Representatives, upon which question the
Senator from Vermont, [Mr. Edmunds] has
called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. ANTHONY. I am paired with the
Senator from Illinois, [Mr. Trumbull.]
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 19, nays 31; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Carpenter. Chandler, Cole,
Conklins. Ferry of Michigan. Harlan, Morton,^Aye,
Pratt, Rauisey, Rice, Roberkun, Sherman, Spen-
cer. Stewart, West, Wilson, and Wuidom—19.
NAYS—Messrs. Alcorn, Boremun, Brownlow,
Buckingham, Clayton. Cooper, Cragin, 1* *vis,
Bunds, Flanagan, 1'relinghuysen, OoMthwaite,
Hamilton of Marylani. llamlm, Hill, Huoheook,
Howe, Johnston, Maohen, Morrnl of Vermont,
Norwood, Patterson, Fool, Hansom, baulsbury,
Spragruc, Stevenson, Stockton, Tipton, > lckers, aou
^ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Blair, Cald-
well, Cameron, Casserly, Corbett, Feuton, rerry
of Connecticut. Gilbert, Hamilton ot lexas, Kelly,
Lewis, Logan, Morrill of Maine, Osborn, Pomeroy,
Sawyer, Schurz, Scott, Sumner, Xhurman, and
Trumbull—23.
So the amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
Mr. WEST. i offer an amendment to insert
at the end of the first section of the amendment
of the House of Representatives the iollowing
proviso:
Provided, That the amounts of money accruing to
the several States and Territories under the pro-
visions of this act shall be applied to the instruction
of white and colored students m proportion to  ,ne
cumber ot* each race in each State and iemtorj.
If I understood the Senator from Kentucky
aright, he was willing to leave the disposition
of the amount of money accruing to eacu State
from this bill to the action of each State, so
that if a State thought proper to apply the
money to the education of colored or white
students it might be entirely competent lor it
to do so ; but I think it will strike every Sen-
ator on this floor, particularly those from the
southern States, that if that matter is to be
left entirely to those States without making
provision that the blacks shall be as well pro-
vided as the whites, the tune is not very tar
distant when it will be applied entirely to the
whites. I offer this amendment with a view
of testing the sincerity of those Senators on
this floor who have advocated the rights of the
colored people.
They have said that they were willing that a
part of this money should be applied to the
education of the blacks; but there is not one
single restriction in this bill that prevents the
money from being used entirely for the whites.
I ask the attention of the Senate now to the
particular terms of this amendment, that all
moneys accruing to the different States under the
provisions of the bill shall be applied to the
education of whites and blacks, and it is only
in that way that we can regard the interests of
the blacks. I hope the Senate will consider the
amendment and adopt it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I ask for
the yeas and nays. I do not think it is neces-
sary to say a word on this amendment. It
is the same amendment already voted on, only
in different language.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HILL. I only wish to say a word, not
to delay the Senate. I gave out a little while
ago that I would offer an amendment. At the
time I was informed—fori was out of the Sen-
ate before—that one amendment had already
been adopted. I now ascertain that that was
not the case, that no amendment to the House
amendment has been made up to this time.
Being in favor of the bill I hesitate to attach
an amendment that will send the bill back to
the House ; and that is the reason why I am
resisting all other amendments.
I am willing to leave to the Legislature of
my own State the question of providing for the
colored people out of this fund if goes it into
the State treasury. I believe that they will
make the provision, and there is nothing in
the bill to prohibit it, and I think it will be
done; but rather than hazard the passage of
the bill I will forego offering my amendment,
as I propose to oppose all amendments that
may be offered, no matter of what description.
Mr. STEVENSON. The Senator from
Louisiana [Mr. West] slightly misunderstood
me. I said that I preferred that the money
provided for in this bill should be handed over
to the States for educational purposes, to be
distributed by the States themselves. I have
no doubt that in my own State a liberal appro-
priation will be made for the colored as well
as for the white people, but I deny the power
of Congress to dictate to the States who shall
be the donees of this money.
Mr. CONKLING. My honorable friend
from Vermont in charge of the bill, who does
not debate it at all because he wants the bill
to pass just as it is, takes occasion once in a
while to make a remark such as we have just
heard now, that this is the same amendment
only a moment ago voted down. That com-
pels me to call the attention of the Senate to
the fact that it is in an essential respect a
wholly different amendment. The amend-
ment which we have just considered was
opposed in debate, and more largely opposed
in vote, because its purpose was to require
mixed schools; that is, the promiscuous assem-
blage in the same school all together of white
pupils and black pupils.
Now, if I caught aright the meaning of this
amendment, it is drawn expressly to obviate
that difficulty; and it provides that without
any commingling at all this endowment, is to
be used, not for the benefit of either race
alone, bat separately used in the proportion
of each for both. Therefore I think my hon-
orable friend from Vermont was very unad-
vised when he said to the Senate that this was
tlic same amendment which had just been
stranded, as I conceive, because it proposed
to put blacks and whites promiscuously
together.
1 do not mean, even for one moment, to
debate the general merits of the amendment;
but unless it be for the reason that this bill is
to be treated like the laws of the Medes and
Persians, as if it was not only irrepealable, but
immutable, as it stands. I marvel if the Sen-
ate can vote down a proposition to guaranty
to men, regardless of race or color, their pro-
portionate title to this money.
I wish, Mr. President, that at an early hour
of the day I had had in my hand, as I have
now, a record showing what has been termed
the consideration given to this measure else-
where, a record showing with what warrant
the Senator from Vermont said that the part
of the bill touched by the amendment offered
by the Senator from Ohio touching the District
of Columbia had received the approval of the
House, and that we had knowledge of it, and
the warrant by which he said that the bill
passed the House by a two-thirds vote, the
warrant by which he said that it met the gen-
eral approval in that body where States and
people are represented according to their
numbers. If it were within the rules of the
Senate, I should like to read the record which
lies before me in order that the Senate might
see that the only consideration that has ever
been given to this measure by committee or
anybody else has been given in the Senate
to-day.
But it is not in order for me to refer par-
ticularly, even in an ambiguous mode, to the
doings of the House. I commend, however,
to Senators to read the ceremonies which
attended the birth of this bill, the ceremonial
by which it was ushered into the world, and I
think they will read of an origin as extraor-
dinary as any bill ever had, which has been
urged upon the Senate as a proper one to take
without dotting an i or crossing a t, for the
avowed reasun that the House had passed it.
I said the other day, perhaps I should say
again, that I think the time has come when
there is serious need of a previous question in
the Senate. I will take this occasion to say
that should there ever be a previous question
here, or wherever else there is a previous ques-
tion, I hope it will never be applied so as to
spring unexpectedly upon the body a proposi-
tion never considered by any committee, to
succeed in getting it before the body, by tell-
ing the House that it shall be open for consider-
ation, debate, and amendment, and thus win-
ning a concurrence of votes to take it up, those
so voting who are opposed to its details, mean-
ing to amend it and discuss it, and then by
the application of that rule which cuts off ail
amendments, which silences all debate, which
shuts the door against all understanding except
as that is gained by rapid reading by the Clerk
in a great room in which any man's voice is
lost, succeed in putting it through. I will use
no words to criticise it; but I say that 1 trust
that should a previous question ever prevail
here it will not be applied in that way, for
perhaps I might be tempted to employ the lan-
guage which 1 read in a paper as haying been
used elsewhere, and say that it is hardly
respectable as a trick.
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut. Mr. Presi-
dent, I did not vote for the amendment of the
Senator from Indiana, because I believe it bet-
ter, if not more constitutional, to leave to the,
States the settlement of these vexed questions
as to the education of the youth of the two
races in the country, believing that each State
is the best judge of its own local necessities
and condition. But the present amendment,
if I understand it rightly, does leave that mat-
ter to the States, only providing that the youth
of both races shall receive in some way the
benefits which are to flow from the passage of
this act; and therefore for the present amend-
ment I am inclined to vote, because not only
since the commencement of the recess this
afternoon, outside of the Senate Chamber, but
during the discussion this evening, I have been
informed that there are several ot the States in
which the colored youth cannot, owing to the
laws existing in those States, be beneficiaries
