1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
751
is not for the interest of that rival to put in
the market his competing wares, is a political
and economic crime whose enormity is not
measurable in the world's money, and which
strikes first at the well-being of the body of
the people, then at the independence of their
Government, then at its very existence. That
these consequences of the surrender to other
nations of your carrying business is no mere
figment of theory, the proofs already lie
thick around you. I shall stop to name to you
but one or two of these proofs. In a recent
communication the Secretary of your Treasury
points you to the fact that already England by
owning the vehicles of your commerce has
deflected that commerce fifteen degrees from
the line marked out by nature and by your
highest interests for its travel! And to the
enormous expenses and losses resulting from
this deflection, the able statistician of the Treas-
ury long ago admonished Congress, is being
added the tribute resulting from England's
becoming the warehouse and distributing-
house for your commerce as well as its banker.
His words are:
"If oar commerce is to be carried on in British
ships. Liverpool and London must become, to a great
extent, points of distribution for a commerce which
we now hold direct with other nations, and British
merchants will do the business."
These words are wise, but would have been
far wiser had he said to you that the calamity
there predicted to the nation had actually
befallen it; for even then most of that catas-
trophe had fallen with its crushing weight
upon you. You are told by the very last
report-from your Treasury that you paid last
year to foreign flags the enormous tribute of
§71,500,000 for freights alone. But, remem-
ber, this is but one item in the enormous pen-
alty you pay for the supreme folly of making
your commercial adversary master of your
commerce. An acute and recent British his-
torian gives you the other items making up the
appalling aggregate in a sentence which I
would were apprehended by all the people.
It is this:
" England has long been a great entrepSt for the
produce of all countries, and large profits are derived
from the freight, storage, insurance, labor, wages,
and interest on capital employed in this branch of
foreign trade." _
But the most familiar experiences of this
nation show the values coming from owning
our ships. Passing by, for want of time, the
new and vast markets given to our own and,
in pari, wrested from other nations by the
establishment of American lines to Brazil and
Japan, take, as a sample, the results of the
establishment, through the patriotic agency of
a single citizen of New York, of a line of
American steamers from San Francisco to the
Hawaiian Islands, New Zealand, and Aus-
tralia. Already such amounts of the mechan-
ical and agricultural productions of our people
have been carried to a before unknown market
by this line that the tariff revenues derived
from the imports for which they paid is already
estimated at $1,138,577 09 for little more than
six mouths.
But, Mr. Speuker, I am precluded from
further presentation of these a priori proofs
that mastery over all the instruments of a
nation's foreign trade is completely essential
even to protracted national existence. Sir,
in (he light of such history and of such causes,
inhering in the essential nature of the case,
as those I have now appealed to, how impress-
ive and even startling do the admonitions
become which are so pressed upon Congress
by authorities the most enlightened and emi-
nent in history—all urging us to the same
conclusions. Since the first President of the
Republic, both in his messages and in his fare-
well address, admonished the nation of the
indispensable value* of the "national naviga-
tion" and of maritime and commercial enter-
prise," and of ''diffusing and diversifying the
streams of commerce," and of giving to trade,
by national action, ''suitable courses," not, a
President, not a great Secretary, not a writer
upon our political economy, not an eminent
statesman of the century and not a nation of
the age has omitted to inculcate ceaselessly i
that national dominion upon the seas and
power in giving to trade its "suitable courses,"
markets, protection, and development is com-
pletely essential to national well-being and
often to existence. As to our own country,
Washington declared this "maritime and
commercial enterprise" one of the founda-
tions for hope of the prosperity and perma-
nence of the Union itself. And the last most
convincing appeal sent you by the Secretary
of the Treasury, 25th January, 1871, gives
you the same admonition I have striven to
give. I commend his words to the nation.
He
"No fact in history is better established than that
the nation that commands its own commerce must
own its own ships."
So thoroughly has every writer on the econ-
omy of nations comprehended this, and the
relations held by maritime sway to the great-
ness of modern and ancient States, that such
unimpassioned writers as McCulloch, Smith,
Levi, and Fyfe fall into unwonted eloquence
whenever they seek to impress upon their
countrymen the realization of the values of
such ocean sway. In so discoursing these cold
intellects ever fall into strains like the rhap-
sodies of the lover, and describe this rule
over commerce as that which " subdued the
steppes of Scythia and the desert of Lybia
as "clearing the forests of America," and
"draining the waters of Australia;" as per-
vading the interior of the ancient world for
a thousand years, and keeping its paths on
the mighty deep; as leveling the Alps, the !
Himalayas, and the SierraNevada ; as cutting !
through the sands of Arabia, and the ices
around the poles; and as that attribute in
human enterprise which has ever been the
parent of agriculture, the arts, sciences,
poetry, and philosophy.
And yet, Mr. Speaker, it is in this stupend-
ous affair, which lies at the foundation of our
very civilization and of every material great-
ness—in this thing, the great Republic is perish-
ing. Why. sir, to defend your flag through-
out the globe you to-day pay two hundred 1
and fifty diplomats and consuls near a million
a year. And yet that flag has nearly vanished
from the seas! Sir, is any appeal possible
which will arouse Congress to the comprehen-
sion of what the meanings are of such a fact
as that? But, sir, in this poor effort at re-
calling the nation to this realization, may I
now implore most thorough comprehension
of things which I now add. showing the ab-
solutely vital values of a great merchant ma-
rine to the United States? Essential to that
comprehension is the fixing, at the outset,
some elementary facts.
MERCHANT 3HIP3 A WAR NAYV.
One is, that the permanent exemption of the
United States, as of every other nation, from
war is to be found only in perpetual readiness
for war. This proposition, so self-evident as
to make one of the maxims in public economy,
is of the very first moment in this great discus-
sion, and must be thoroughly comprehended.
In a late annual report, the Secretary of the
Navy states this same proposition in these
words."
" Nations, like men. hesitate to attaek those who
are prepared to do them serious injury, and in the
means of destructive aggression is often tound the
surest defense against all .who have anything to
lose."
The next proposition which must be kept
ever in mind isthat it is a traditional and fixed j
policy of the United States that in time of
peace it will not, keep up either its Array or
Navy to such magnitudes as are required in
case we are at war. In other words, our policy j
is to maintain readiness for war by always
maintaining the nucleus of an army and navy,
and by a constant state of readiness to increase
these to every requisite of war from the re-
served foreesof the people. Thispolicy results,
mainly, from the nature of republican institu-
tions, which forbid the keeping up of vast
armies and navies in time of peace; and the
policy cannot and ought not to be changed.
The next thing which we should instantly
and fully comprehend as a nation is, that in a
great commercial navy the United States would
have constantly a great war navy, eeramen-
snrate with all the wants and exigencies of
war ; and we can consistently with our policies
have an adequate war navy, ever at hand, in
no other way. The immense importance of
this proposition demands us to look into its
truth, but my time admits of my naming but
few of the proofs of that truth. No living
authority is higher upon this point than our
gallant Admiral Porter. In imploring Con-
gress at once to create a great commercial
marine, he testified in 1870, before one of
your committees, that this identical proposi-
tion in all its parts was true—true in science,
in theory, and by the huge experiences of the
recent war. As to the capacity of merchant
vessels, like the Cunard line, being speedily
changed into powerful war ships and made
ample for every defensive and aggressive pur-
pose of a great war, he declares "the following
thiugs, found on pages 188-85 of Executive
Document No. 28, second session, Forty-First
Congress.
These merchant ships could be quickly
changed into powerful war ships, rigged with
masts, and made capable of remaining at sea
three years without coal. Had we possessed
only thirty such steamers as the Cunards at
the beginning of the rebellion, not a bale of
cotton would have escaped the southern ports,
and the war of the rebellion would have been
far shorter than it was. Thirty such vessels,
changed to war ships, would have been twice
as effective as the entire Navy of the United
States.
That in case of war with a foreign nation,
like England and France, our great power
would be in cutting up their commerce, and
England could not stand a war six months
with a fleet of such vessels. That nearly every
effective war ship we used during the rebel-
lion was a merchant ship; and but two or
three rebel boats, roughly fitted up, had
sufficed to drive our commerce from the
seas, destroy eighty-six American ships and
$70,000,000 of our property; and he asks if
two could do this what could two hundred do?
There is not a ship in the American Navy
that can compare with the best ships of the
English and French merchant lines, in point
of speed, stability, or for carrying guns.
Precisely the same thing is over and over
repeated to us by the Secretary of the Navy.
The words of a recent report are:
"Any one of them" [great merchant ships] "could
be quickly converted into an efficient and powerful
ship of war, capable of carrying full sail-power, and
beeping the sea for any length of time." * *
* "• "Such means"—
Of ample defense and aggression in time
of war—
"would be at hand if we had lines of ocean-going
steamers established running out your ports in the
peaceful pursuit of commercial enterprise, but car-
rying our flag and available to our Government in
time of need."
The President, whose opinions in affairs of
war are of the highest authority, often com-
mended to Congress these views of the Sec-
retary.
But there is not in history another chapter
so conclusive upon this matter of the capacity
and value of the merchant navy as instru-
ments of attack and defense in war as is fur-
nished by the last chapter of our own history.
Besides the momentous facts above stated
from Admiral Porter, the nation will not fail
to remember forever what that Navy did for
the succor of the Republic, and the memory
of the Republic itself will perish from history as
soon as wilt the name of Farragutond his com-
patriots. But, remembering these deeds of the
Navy, the sleepless and winged ally and com-
