752
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 21,
panion of our vast armies, remember also the
words ofits gallant Porter. Hedeclares "nearly
every ship that was used duriug the war was a
merchant ship." Remember, moreover, and
realize the vast significance of the fact that
upon the very hour we found our country in
war, and that a domestic one with an adversary
having pot a ship, we found our needs of a
vast navy so imminent that with the quick-
nessof thought and the energies of despair we
sprang to the creation of a vast navy. To that
end we changed into war ships everything
that would float, and nearly everything that
would sink. You expended upon vessels and
their engines $64,317,778 ; you put upon
them seventy-five thousand men, and you ex-
pended upon this arm of the service $480,-
000,000.
Mr. Speaker, by proofs like these it is com-
pletely fixed and sure that the creation and
support of a great merchant marine is abso-
lutely vital to the Republic. Even did the
nation and its Congress so sink in apprehen-
sion of the greatness and destinies of the Re-
public as to assent to the surrendering of all
its mighty ocean commerce to foreign domin-
ion under alien flags, aud did you decide that
you will yield up even your coasting trade to
the vessels and protectorate of other Powers,
still your dastardly surrender of the very fount-
ains of the nation's life and glory will not
dispense with this vital need of a great com-
mercial marine. It does not dispense with it
simply because the only way you can preserve
the peace with the great sea Powers of earth,
and can be ever ready for the awful exigencies
of war, is to be forever mighty upon the sea,
mighty by the presence thereof navies of mer-
chantmen commensurate with the magnitude
of the coasts you must defend.
These coasts are by far the vastest possessed
by any existing State. Your readiness for
their defense must every hour be in exact
proportion to your continental proportions.
Like as a huge chain measures its strength by
that of its weakest link, so a navy, protecting
nine tenths of your vast circle of seashore, but
leaving the supplies and disasters of war t.o go
freely in at the uncovered tenth part, would,
in that particular species of service, be no
navy at all. Now, 1 soletnly declare to the
House and nation that in the presence of
such a fact as this one—the vital relations of a
merchant marine in furnishing an adequate
and ceaseless supply of trained sailors and
ships for the national defense—to hesitate in
the adoption, at whatever cost,, of the requisite
and best means for the creation of such a ma-
rine is a crime against the national safety aud
life, and, with the lessons of tho present de-
cade before us, becomes, in the rulers of this
people, a weakness and wrong unapproximated
in our history.
MAIL SUBSIDIES TO FOREIGN SHIPS.
But now, sir, add to the terrible logic of
such facts as 1 have now passed over the force
of those yet to come. You have seen by what
is already stated that you are to-day paying
annually to the nations that recently lighted
up the seas with your burning ships a subsidy
of $7-1,500,000 for the service of their ruling
our commerce in the interest of their own.
But now to this you must add the fact that last
year you paid, to seven foreign lines $220,000
for transporting to and from Europe the mails
of the United States ; and when I tell you that
this was expended at the rate of $6,400 a ton
for carrying letters, and $120 a ton for printed
matter, you will realize the truth of what the
Secretary of the Treasury caused more than
a year ago to be told, namely, that you are
pa,ying annually an enormous sum in cash
as a direct undisguised subsidy to the very
lines which burnt and banished your ships
from the sea, and which now rule over that
$1,100,000,000 worth of the products of the
labor of this people which passes through our
ports each year.
But this is not all uor the worst. The decay of
your carrying trade with foreign nations is still
going on at appalling rates. In 1826 you car-
ried ninety per cent, of your own commerce.
You slowly lost, relatively, up to the beginning
of the war, when yeu still retained sixty-five
per cent. At the end of the war you had
thirty-seven per cent. Now you retain only
twenty eight per cent of your own carrying
commerce. Your surrender^ even since the
war, has been at the rate of a million dollars
per year in this single item of foreign freights.
Speedily, unless this process is a,rre"sted by
removal of its causes, the United States flag
will disappear from the ocean. The tribute
you will pay annually to your adversary for
their exercise of complete lordship over the
productions of your country will ascend to
hundreds of millions, and the nation, holding
the most stupendous resources and possi-
bilities ever bestowed upon one people, will
have passed into that state of commercial vas-
salage or extinction which, in the experience
of every other State, has been the sure hair-
binger of death.
HEROIC REMEDIES NEEDED.
Mr. Speaker, this House now enters upon a
momentous duty. That duty is the adoption
of the best measure for the rescue of the coun-
try from this -immense and impending peril.
What that best measure is it now becomes the
duty of Congress to discover and instantly
adopt. Further delays are unalleviated mad-
ness. As you grow feebler upon the seas your
destroyer appropriates to his giant veins your
ebbing life-blood; and your policy of procras-
tination and parley, your pernicious palliatives
are simply a foul and ghastly self-slaughter.
Your courage and its remedies must ascend to
the heroic, and must remain there. No fitful
fevers, no spasms will do here. This is the
war of the Titans, and is to be waged during
the periods which measure the life of nations.
The commercial growths of your three great
rivals are already three centuries old, and are
the result of governmental fostering and guar-
dianship that have not had a day or hour of
sleeping in the three hundred years.
THE EPOCH IN COMMERCE AND ITS OPPORTUNITIES.
Besides the incentives I have named for in-
stant action, others impel us which arise out
of the commercial epoch now upon us. Her
map of the globe is now in the process of re-
formation, and in assuming her new channels
opportuuities have come to us never before
tendered, and never to be again. This epoch
is produced by causes each one of first-class
magnitude. The substitution of iron for wood
is one, one hitherto against us, but one we may,
owing to our superiority in iron and coal, make
immensely in our favor. The girdling of the
globe with the telegraph is another, and by
enabling the avoidance of fruitless voyages has
enormously lessened the mileage assessed upon
the aggregate of the ocean trade. The tunnel
of Mount Cenis has shortened the way of cen-
tral Europe to India, and is abolishing the
power of England at Gibraltar. The ~ Suez
canal brings India and the East thousands of
miles nearer our east coast, and is emancipat-
ing the rest of the world from British ware-
houses, commission men, and bankers. The
Pacific railroads are sending streams of com-
merce and even European mails for Asia
across our Republic.
Russia is pushing her conquests and her
railroads to the walls of China. Germany,
Prussia, England, Austria, and Italy are
enormously extending and strengthening their
commercial machinery and resources, and are
grasping eagerly each new accession to the
resources of the international trade. Their
statesmen comprehend the situation, and they
have seized the new wealth which the impend-
ing commercial revolution tenders them.
It remains yet to be disclosed whether they
who rule our country shall arise to this com-
prehension and the action to which in all
other nations it has already impelled them.
CAUSES AND RJSMEDT.
Why the flag of the United States is, even
since the war, vanishing from the ocean is
completely plain. I think thestatement, com-
plete, of the cause is possible in a single sen-
tence. Because of the abolition of differential
duties and the adoption of reciprocity treaties
by our own and all other commercial nations,
the competition on the seas between these na-
tions for the world's carrying trade is reduced
to substantial equality, and since the great
bulk of this trade is permanently transferred to
iron from wooden ships, other nations can-
supply the elements which enter into the crea-
tion and running of these, iron lines at less
outlay than the United States, aud can there-
fore, under present conditions, underbid us
for this international trade, and they do under-,
bid us. Hence we rapidly disappear from the
ocean. This is the whole of the sad story,
and has in it neither mystery, uncertainty, nor
doubt.
IRON SHIPS.
A few facts suffice to fix the certainty and
permanency as well as the extent of the super-
sedureof wood by iron ships in all great liues
of commerce. Great Britain is not only the
most powerful but the most sagacious of all
competitors upon the ocean for its trade.
That sagaeity has led her to so far supersede
the wooden ship by the adoption of the iron
one, that from twenty-six per cent, of iron in
1853 built in the kingdom it slowly arose each
year, till in 1868 it reached seventy-two per
cent, of iron, and is now probably consider-
ably higher. Of the 55,500 tons in the Cunard
line, the" 31,895 tons in the Inman line, the
35,926 tons in the National line, the 22,335
tons in the Liverpool and Great Western line,
the 8,794 tons in the London and New York
line, the 21,625 tons in the Anchor line, and
the 7,839 tons in the Mediterranean and New
York line, every ton is iron. And so is every
one of the 40,226 tons in the North Gprman
line and of the 13,298 tons in the French
Transatlantic line.
Why the iron must permanently supersede
the wood in the great lines is indicated by
these facts, estimated as nearly as attainable
data makes possible, and which estimates were,
a year or more ago, reported to Congress.
The average lifetime of a wooden steamer is
twelve to fourteen years, while that of an iron
one is much greater, probably double, as in-
dicated in the facts stated in Nimmo's letter,
page 17, Executive Document 111, second ses-
sion Forty-First Congress. The iron vessels
are more rigid than wood; can, owing to their
greater buoyancy, sustain thirteen per cent,
heavier cargo; have, owing to their thinner
sides, fourteen per cent, more of storage room ;
can be given greater speed by reason of their
being capable of having sixteen per "cent,
greater length in proportion to breadth; can
be made much, stronger and safer, owing to
their being capable of having every part bolted
securely, and sixty-six per cent, at least of the
wooden ship must ever be skilled hand-labor,
while a far greater proportion of the iron ship
can be made by machinery than can of the
wooden ; and not over twenty-five per cent,
in the iron one is skilled labor.
These facts and others we might add compel
the world to accept the fact that the great ship
lines of international commerce will ever be
mainly of iron, and we must accept this fact
in adopting our legislation and commercial
policies.
WHY WE ARE UNDERBID.
_ This being accepted, the ability of foreign
lines to underbid us in the competition for
carrying the world's commodities, including
our own, is approximately indicated by the
following differences in the cost of the things
entering into the creation and running of the
great lines:
1. England can build the ship of iron for
nine and a half per cent, less than we, after
we are allowed the drawback of duties on ship
