1712
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 24,
other side, " you have subsidized one line and
now you must subsidize another.1' When-
ever you subsidize one you prevent all emu-
lation, and other men with means who are
starting in the same business are paralyzed
by the subsidy you give. You make it a mo-
nopoly. Now, the proposition is, and it can-
not be disguised or denied, to give $900,000,
as I said to-day, to one school in the State of
New York. You come in not to popularize
education as is pretended here; you come in
not for the purpose of making education
cheap; but you come in to make a Govern-
ment school, as West Point is, as the Naval
Academy is, subsidized by the Government to
educate the people, to put your establishment
in competion with the honest efforts of the
educators of the country.
That is your proposition, sir, and it is noth-
ing else, and I ask gentlemen to meet it. You
can call it an agricultural college or you can
call it a mechanical college, or you can call it
by any name you please , it is a subsidized
college, a cdllege to be kept up by the Gov-
ernment by the receipts from the public lands.
I never felt so clearly in my life the utter fal-
lacy of the results which the advocates of this
bill expect. We have tried it before and I
attempted to show you this morning, in the few
minutes 1 had, how entirely it had failed in its
practical results.
Is not this proceeding strange? Is not the
thing to be looked at with wonder, as if a
comet unknown before had made its sudden
appearance in the skies, when we find this bill
urged at this time of the session when we are
overwhelmed with business, when Senators on
the other side arise and tell us that there will
be an extra session unless we meet at night I
Why, sir, we discussed for two or three hours
the question whether we should take half an
hour's interval or two hours' interval, when we
should eat our dinners at all, and where we
should eat our dinners, and how we should
digest them; and when that question is a subject
of serious argument, when night sessions are
argued for to-night and approved of, is it not
singular that this agricultural college bill
making a large additional appropriation to
agricultural colleges shall be forced before the
Senate and kept here the whole day and
through this night session so that nothing can
be done? No privileged question, not the
question of the Senator from Kansas that we
were talked to so much about this morning;
not the reports of other committees who have
been sent out aud forced to stay in committee
hour after hour and day after day, ordered by
you to investigate important matters, can re-
ceive attention. None of these things can be
heard, but we are to determine whether we
want an appropriation of half the territory
that the country owns, to be divided according
to the rules of this bill to agricultural colleges,
and every amendment that changes at all the
method of its division is voted down by a large
vote. .
Mr. President, what I have said I have not
said as an opponent of this bill. _ I have said
it because the principle of the bill is wrong,
and I desired to say aud mean to say to Sen-
ators on this floor that the day will come when
they will regret to their heart's core having
adopted the principle that is in the bill. Gen-
tlemen from southern States are voting for this
bill; they are voting for this bill under instruc-
tions, some of them ; some of them from their
own convictions; all of them voting for it prop-
erly. I have no fault to find with t hem, except to
give my judgment that they are voting to break
down the one single thing that is left to keep this
Government together. This little agricultural
college bill, this little bill to appropriate the
public lands to agricultural purposes contains
in it a germ that will destroy all that is left of
the institutions that our fathers founded. It
takes away from us. as I have said before, all
local self-government. If you can vote the
money to be given to educate the children and
vote it to any institution, sectarian or other-
wise, that you choose, you can educate the
youths of this country as you please, and the
whole power is given to the general Govern-
ment.
Sir, as I said before, the people of my State
can educate and have educated the youths of
that State well. I am not talking statistics or
the reports of people who make statistics and
are paid for them by the hour, or the day, or the
yard; but the honest-fact is that, so far as my
observation aud my information go, the peo-
ple of my State have educated their children
as well, if not better, than those of any other
State in this Union; and as much money, in
proportion to the means of our people, is voted
in the township meetings every year as in any
other State. Our duty has been fully per-
formed. To see that duty done by everv State
in this Union, northern and southern, would
be to me a gratification as great as anything I
can think of; because I do believe that the
foundation of this Government, its prosperity,
depends upon the education of the people.
But, sir, to establish a false principle, to break
down the thing that this people when edu-
cated should aim after, to break down what
they never could attain when educated, the
glorious institutions that were founded by our
forefathers, and which if we are true to will
be true to us, under the pretense of having
another way, and getting this Government to
educate people, I do not understand.
And oh, how I wish, Mr. President, that
gentlemen would forget for one moment that
I am a Democrat, and listen to me when I
plead with them, not for State rights in their
offensive sense, not for local self-government,
if you do not like that word, but for liberty.
It is a word used so often on the Fourth of
July and on other occasions that it may be
improper in the American Senate ; but still I
think on this bill I will never regret having
mentioned to you, Mr. President, the word
"liberty," personal liberty, educating your
own children at home, not taxing the people
through the Government of the United States
to subsidize institutions which are to be run in
opposition to private institutions and State
institutions.
Mr. President, I am sure that if I could
have a fair opportunity to talk to the Senate,
as I said this morning, a fair opportunity to
talk to the advocates of this bill ; if they knew
what the result of the bill would be; or at all
events, to be modest enough, if they saw the
bill in the light in which I see it, they cer-
tainly would not advocate it and vote for it.
And all that has been asked has been to amend
the bill. All that has been asked has been to
lay it on the table that we might think about
it, or to refer it to a committee which could
consider it. And are these things unreason-,
able ? Why is it that a bill of this kind must
be forced through the Senate at a night ses-
sion, coming here from the House when we
had no opportunity to examine it? Why is
it so ? It does not enable me to do my duty
to my constituents. It may be that I am
utterly and entirely wrong in this matter.
It may be that my views are mistaken ; it may
be that so far from my convincing other gen-
tlemen they could convince me ; but if so, why
not let us have an opportunity of examining ?
There never was a bill, in my humble judg-
ment, of this character with so little reason to
be put through this night as this bill.
I cannot understand it. I am utterly be-
wildered at the action here taken. So far as
I am concerned, I have done my part to the
best of my ability, and I have done what I
could do to have this bill further considered,
or rather the amendment of the House of
Representatives, whieh is the matter before
us, and I think that Senators will not regret it
if they will vote with me not to act on this bill
to-night, but give us a little time to refer it to
the appropriate committee to consider it, and
if the proposition is right in itself, to have it so
amended that it will not do the injury which
I think it will do if passed in the present shape.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Wisconsin [Mr. Howe] to the amendment of
the House of Representatives.
Mr. BOREMAN. I was requested by the
Senator from Mississippi [Mr. Alcorn] to
state that he has paired with the Senator from
Indiana [Mr. Morton] on all questions in
regard to this bill. .
Mr. THURMAN. On this bill, as I said
before, and on all questions connected with it,
I am paired with the Senator from Nevada,
[Mr. Nye.]
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 17, nays 22 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Carpenter, Chandler, Conk-
ling, Ferry of Michigan, Hamilton of Maryland,
Howe, Ramsey, Robertson, Schuns, Sherman, Stew-
art, Stockton, Tipton, West, Wilson, and Wm-
d°NAYS—Messrs. Boreman, Brownlow, Bucking-
ham, Clayton, Cragin. Davis. Edmunds, Ilanagan,
Frelinghuysen, Hamlin, Harlan, Hill, Hitchcock,
Johnston, Morrill of Vermont, Patterson, Pool,
Ransom, Sawyer, Sprague, Vickers, and Wright—^.
ABSENT —Messrs. Alcorn, Anthony, Bayard,
Blair, Caldwell. Cameron, Casserly, Cole, Cooper,
Corbett, Fenton, Ferry of Connecticut, Gilbert,
Goldthwaite, Hamilton of Texas, Kelly, Lewis,
Logan, Machen, Morrill of Maine, Morton Nor-
wood, Nye, Osborn, Pomeroy, Pratt, Rice, bauls-
bury, Scott, Spencer, Stevenson, Sumner, Thurman,
and Trumbull—34.
• So the amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. I desire
to submit an amendment to this bill. In line
eight, page 6, section three, strike out all the
words after " semi-annually" uutil line thir-
teen. The words to be stricken out are:
Or at his discretion he may issue such bonds, re-
taining the money therefor in the Treasury, to such
college or colleges, giving to each State and to said
District from time to time the equal share to whicli
it may be justly entitled, excluding fractions ot less
than $1,000.
lly opinion is, if the Senate will indulge me
a moment, that this is one of the objectionable
features of the bill. 1 gave my views briefly
upon the original bill, for which this is a sub-
stitute, when it passed the Senate; but not^
only in addition to the objectionable features
of the whole bill which I then pointed out, there
is in this provision an opportunity given to in-
crease the public bonded indebtedness, as any
member who will read it will see.
The first part of the section provides-that
the Secretary of the Treasury shall invest one
fourth of the proceeds of the public lands in
the bonds of the United States, or in his discre-
tion he shall keep the money in the Treasury
and shall issue bonds therefor. He can invest
the money; or if there is any other object in
view he can retain the money in the Treasury
and increase the funded indebtedness of the
United States. I do not desire any one to
possess such an authority to increase the bonded
indebtedness of the United States for any pur-
pose. It is in his discretion. True he may
pay the money, or then again he may keep it
in the Treasury, and it may be spent for other
purposes, as it will be. In fact it is a bill to
take from the Treasury a certain amount of
money without regard to whether it is proceeds
of the public lands or not. It is public money
of the United States that is to be appropriated
under this bill, and as far as I am concerned I
will not allow it to rest in the discretion of the
Secretary of the Treasury to increase the
bonded indebtedness of the United States by
issuing- new bonds and permitting this money
to remain in the Treasury to be appropriated
to other purposes. If you allow this to be
done, in the press for money, it will be appro-
priated to other purposes. As the proceeds
of the sales of the public lands amount annually
to $3,000,000, you may have every year $750,-
000 of your bonded indebtedness increased un-
der this provision in the bill. I do think it is
important to us all that there should be no
such increase, of indebtedness. It is enough
under the provisions ot this bill that the pro-
