1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1713
ceeds of the public lands be taken themselves
or the substitute for the proceeds of the public
lands from other sources, without this power
given to the Secretary of the Treasury to in-
crease the public indebtedness.
I desireto strike this power out. I know
the objection to this motion—that it will have
a tendency to defeat the bill. Well, if the
House cannot agree to a provision of that kind
and save the bill, I cannot help it. I am
opposed to the bill from beginning to end.
There is hardly a line in it that I could pos-
sibly support, either upon constitutional or
other principles. It is just taking from the
Treasury public moneys, and in the language
of the honorable Senator from New Jersey,
subsidizing local institutions. The people as
yet have manifested but little,confidence in these
institution generally. They are organized by
States, and being under their control are often
perverted to selfish purposes, not so much in
the interest of education as to provide for
favorites, and this being so, these institutions
have failed'hitherto to nourish as they should
with the advantages they have enjoyed. It is
substantially subsidizing a corps of individuals
who have brought their personal efforts to bear
to influence both this body and the action of
Legislatures, securing instructions to repre-
sentatives here in order to get this donation
at the hands of Congress.
If this bill designed any advantages to edu-
cation, it should be general in its character,
going down to the body of the people at their
homes, where they can obtain an education in
their common schools and for their support.
This is just like all the other subsidies pressed
upon this body. If you speak aught against
it, it is said, it is to advance education, that
which we all favor in its legitimate relations
and objects ; if you speak against a protective
tariff, it is said that it is to encourage man-
ufactures ; if you say anything against subsi-
dies to steamships, then it is replied that they
are to encourage navigation ; if you denounce
the Credit Mobilier, it was responded that it
was necessary to construct the Pacific rail-
road ! And so on with all such like meas-
ures. There is not one projected, however
questionable in policy or wild in schemes or
even certain in ill consequences, still there is
always a reason at hand to be given by some
for all or either.
There appears to be a reason for any meas-
ure that is to abstract from the public Treas-
ury the moneys of the people, I care not what
it is, if the object is a raid upon the Treasury.
You go on with your Pacific railroads, your
protective tariffs, your encouragement of navi-
gation, your encouragement of education, and
all the other encouragements which public
money can give to any other interests, until in
fact you get all the industries of the people
put upon the Government of the United States.
Here is the great central lustrous sun upon
which everybody is to gaze, and to which
everybody is to look for its fructifying power.
Everybody at his home and upon his uative
heath is expected to turn his eyes toward this
great capital and bask in the sunlight it sheds
over the land. They are to come here for
everything ; for their education, for their man-
ufactures, for their navigation, for their school-
houses—everything is to be gathered here to
be dispensed to the people below.
Instead of attending to their own local in-
terests, depending upon themselves and doing
for themselves as an independent and free peo-
ple, they are engaged in destroying their local
independence ; deserting institutions that their
fathers consecrated to them and through which
emanated this great Government and all its
defined powers, by the inception and support
of all such measures.
Whether the centralizing influences of this
Government .-.hall prevail or not, is the great
question of the day ; and must continue to be
so until it is finally settled whether this General
Government shall be one supreme, unified,
42i> Conu. !>i> Muss.—No. 108.
controlling Government, or whether some
power yet remains to the States and the people
in their local concerns.
I submit this proposition, not with the idea
that it is to be adopted, for there appears to
be a determination to pass this bill without
reference to any amendment, however proper
and necessary it may be, but I submit the
amendment because I do not believe it right
to leave it in the discretion of any officer of
this Government to advance the bonded
indebtedness for this purpose.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Maryland to the amendment of the House of
Representatives.
The amendment to the amendment was
rejected
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on concurring in the amendment of the
House of Representatives.
Mr. THURMAN. I have an amendment or
two to offer. This bill I find is different from
any one of the kind I have ever seen before in
which the proceeds of the public lands were
disposed of. It proposes to dispose of the
gross amount of the proceeds of the sales of
public lands "after deducting tie expense in-
curred by such sale." It ought to be " after
deducting the expense of the survey and sales."
This relates simply to the sales ; it ought to
be "the survey and sale." I move to amend
section three, line five, by striking out the
words "incurred by such sales," and inserting
"of the survey and sale of such lands;" so
that it will read: '' after deducting the expenses
of the survey and sale of such lands."
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment offered by the Sen-
ator from Ohio.
The question being put, a division was called
for ; and there were eight ayes.
Mr. TIPTON and Mr. THURMAN called
for the yeas and nays ; and they were ordered.
Mr. CHANDLER. On this question I am
paired with the Senator from Alabama, [Mr.
Spencer.]
Mr. THURMAN. I am paired with the
Senator from Nevada, [Mr. Nye.]
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 10, nays 30; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Conkling, Davis, Hamilton of
Maryland, Macben, Ramsey, Saulsbury, Stevenson,
Stockton, Tipton, and Windom—10.
NAYS—Messrs. Boreman, Brownlow, Bucking-
ham, Caldwell, Carpenter, Clayton, Cragia, Ed-
munds, Ferry of Michigan, Flanagan, Frelinghuy-
sen, Hamlin, Harlan, Hill, Howe, Johnston, Kelly,
Morrill of Vermont, Norwood, Patterson, Pool,
Robertson, Sawyer, Schurz. Sprague, Stewart,
Yiekers, West, Wilson, and Wright—SO.
ABSENT—Messrs. Alcorn, Ames, Anthony, Bay-
ard, Blair, Cameron, Casserly, Chandler, Cole,
Cooper, Corbett, Fenton, Ferry of Connecticut,
Gilbert, Goldthwaite, Hitchcock, Hamilton of Texas,
Lewis, Logan, Morrill of Maine, Morton, Nye,
Osborn, Pomeroy. Pratt, Ransom, Rice, Scott,
Sherman, Spencer. Sumner. Thurman, and Trum-
bull—33.
So the amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
Mr. THURMAN. As this bill appears to
be perfect, I do not know but that I shall in-
cur the penalties of a prcemunire by showing
that anyone provision of it is an impossibility,
or to provide for an impossibility ; but as that
is the fact, in my humble judgment, I shall
move to amend the bill so as to remove that
impossibility. I move to amend in section
three, line one, by striking out the word
"July" and inserting the word "September."
Now for the reason of it. The bill now reads:
That on the 1st day of July, 18*3, and in each year
thereafter, it shall be the duty oi the Secretary of
the Treasury to ascertain the amount of sales of the
public lands for the preceding fiscal year.
The fiscal year ends on the 80th of June, so
that on the 1st day of July, 1ST8, the preced-
ing fiscal year will be the year that ended on
' the day before. It is plainly impossible that
on that day the Secretary of the Treasury can
tell the amount of the sales of the public lands
for the preceding fiscal year, for he does not
get the returns for the last quarter of that
year until after the 1st day of July. The
bill, therefore, proposes an impossibility ; and
although I know that the bill is perfection, yet
it appears by this provision that perfection
may be imperfect. I therefore move to strike
out " July " and insert " September."
The amendment to the amendment wa3
rejected.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion recurs on the amendment of the House
of Representatives.
Mr. HILL. • I have stated that I would not
embarrass the bill by offering an amendment;
but I suppose out of the pride of consistency, and
yielding to the persuasion of a few friends, I
had better offer the amendment that I alluded
to a short time since. The concluding para-
graph of section four reads as follows :
Provided farther. That the fund created under
this act and the act heretofore mentioned—
Alluding to the act of 1862—
shall be appropriated to such college or colleges
as has been or have been already established in any
State; and where no such college has yet been
established, said fund shall be appropriated to the
endowment and support of one college only in any
State.
I propose to make that last clause read as
follows:
And where no such college, or only one saeh—
Those are the interpolated words—
has yet been established, said fund shall be appro-
priated to the endowment and support of not more
than two colleges in any State,
My object in introducing this amendment is
to follow out the idea in my own State, that
we would if we had the opportunity establish
two of these schools. We have as yet appropri-
ated none of this fund, because we have not
got it; but with the funds we have we have
endowed but one college up to this time. I
thought a while ago that the bill gave permis-
sion to establish more colleges in five years;
but I find that I was mistaken; it does not,
or else that would be contradictory to this last
section.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Georgia.
Mr. LOGAN. Does the Senator propose
that this amendment of his shall apply to a
State that has a college already endowed?
Mr. HILL. Yes, sir.
Mr. LOGAN. Then where they have none
they can have but one, and where they have
one. they can have two ?
Mr. HILL. No.
Mr. LOGAN. That is the sense of it.
Mr. HILL. No ; where no such college
exists, or only one such exists, you may have
two.
Mr. LOGAN. That is exactly what I say.
You entitle a State that has one to have
another, and the others are excluded.
Mr. HILL. If you have none, you can have
two if you want them.
The PRESIDING OFFICER put the ques-
tion on the amendment, and declared that the
noes appeared to have it.
Mr. HILL. I ask for the yeas and nays,
to oblige a Senator near me.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and beiug
taken, resulted—yeas 12, nays 25; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Davis, Uokithwaite. Hamilton of
Maryland, Hill, Machen, Norwood, Ramsey, Ran-
som, Robertson, Stevenson, Stockton, and Win-
dom—12.
NAYS —Messrs. Boreman, Brownlow, Bucking-
ham, Caldwell, Carpenter, Clayton, Cragin, Ed-
munds, Flanagan, Frelinghuyscn, Hamlin, Harlan,
Hitchcock, Howe, Johnston, Kelly. Morrill of Ver-
mont, Patterson, Pool, Sawyer^ Sprague, Stewart,
Vickors. Wilson, and Wright—25.
ABSENT—Messrs. Alcorn, Ames, Anthony, Bay-
• ard. Blair, Cameron, Casserly, Chandler, Cole,
! Conkiing, Cooper, Corbett, Fenton, Ferry of Con-
' necticur. Ferry of Michigan, Gilbert, Hamilton of
' Texas, Lewis, Logan, Mori-ill of Maine, Morton,
Nye, Osborn, Pomeroy, Pratt, Rice, Saulsbury,
Sohura, Scott,Sherman, Spencer, Samaer.Thurman,
Tipton,Trumbull, and West—36.
So the amendment to the amendment wan
rejected.
