m
to. ammmmmM*, mm-
January; 21,
less,. and jealous nursing- mother. In the light
of; that three , hundred years, of,Government
fostering it is .nq wonder that Mr.,Levi—the
last chronicler of ;England's comnjeraial an-
aa<| tka| {ie.should qo^st that, the .opening of!
hejjiorts anil; shig;'{)u§iness ip foreigners, has:
noj^ta&ep from British subjects oyer slx,}.entts.
of ope, pgr cent, of their tnorippqly jij. tKeere--
9$qp,%n4 .panning o,f Her, enormous, merchant
marine. ,, . . .
p£h.i«031i jieisds of an am e ric a n m e r oh an t marine.
-But, Srr, by far the gravest reasons' are yet
utiftalMed'wh'icti forbid the adoption of policies
mating this Republic for an hour dependent
for "'its 'ships, their officers or seataen, upon
their supply by otier riatiottS. These unnamed
reasons are the political and commercial degra*
dstt««van"d vassalage which such policyinvolves
in time of war. IhaveTmmed-th'e'degradation'
and fendangerment of peace which our banish-
ment- from the ocean brings in time of peace.
Add! t® this degradation what comes to us when
come the disasters of war—and;;forsooth, war.
with the Powers-on whom we have decided .we.
wilt-depend for ships,-seamen,*.akid their offi-
cers-. These ships,^and-the yards that pro-
daceithemj and the inured and trained men
who command and Tun, them, are the produc-
tion not of an hour, but years. War is now
dpcm usf-'-a waEin-viied.byour chosen-, chronic;
and1 insane feebleness*; and what istheepeeta-
cl&-'We!aee? A nation invited to accept eiri-
pire 011 the ocean by the vastest possibilities
ever-bestowed of God on a single State; one
whose seat is a continent-; whose coast two
©emails j whose material in wood, won, coal,
and' every other wealth is simply, inconceiv'
able; -whose home lies inthe'very pathway of
the- commerces of'the globe; whose people
have genius, force, science, skill, and every
resource of power in degrees unsurpassed, if
not unmatched, 0<a the earth—that people-is
naw -atwar and has mo shipyards of her own,
no" shipS of her owft, no ship-makers of her
6ftn,.no' ship-commanders of her, own, no sail-
or's of her own; nothing upon the seas of her
own save billions of dollars of her people's
pr'ffdocte, and these in ships mocked by the
presence of a. flag over them giving them
neitlier'direction nor defense ; and this flag to
be'instantly, that war has come, supplanted by
that of the alien' foe that owns and marts the
ship.'1, "And with your foreign-owned; made,
itfanned, commanded "American'' merchant
mafrine ■ transformed wiih all its precious
freights, by the touch ofwar, into whole fleets
oMoes, antf you incapacitated, by your chosen
feebtetfess,to reproduce Ihem in years' 8uch,
without painting, is the spectacle presented
by a nation whose rulers have deliberately
elected,' for times of #ar as well as peace, to
put out'to thft rmrsing'and culture of its tradi-
tional foe th4 very efements of its safety and
of'its sublime.beiiig!
( :Mr- Speaker, my duties as the organ of your
eOteViittfee are ended touching this groat
nfeaSurft; sfttl -those of the Congress begin. I
etVd'ftiid crown my argument by the invocation'
to its aid of the judgment "of all the people.
That judgment you have in their recent and
august approval, by his reelection, of theoften
tittered messagesot" the President of the United
States.' The very last of his words I-eQinmend
fo' the (Jongress and the nation. They are
theSe
"The report of the Secretary of the Treasury will
show an alarming falling off in our carry}n  trade
for the,hat ten or twelve yeans and cyan for the past
year. X do not beliyye that public treasure can bo
better expended irt tho'iptercstof the whole people
than in trying to recover tlji<; to ade. An expenditure
ot $>.000,000 per annum for the next five years, if it
w^uld restore to us our proportion of the carrying
trade of the world, would bo profitably expended."
I cannot help'thanking the'House for the
.singular indulgence extended to me.
[During the delivery of the above remarks,
tho hour having expired, on motion of Mr.
Potter, by unanimous,consent, Mr. JShella-
ba^ger. .was" ajl,6,wed to proceed until he had;
concluded-],' !
. Mr." .COX.' Iihave'*an amendment. I
desir.e to bffer to this bill, which,I understood
from ".the '.CJiair' was, to b*e, considered as aii.
origiaiJ'biJL' tKough jtiseems t'o .Be^printe'd in
fife, fqriri pf" an ^amejjdtnep.t;. ,,I offeras a"
substitute For the original-'bill,reported by the
committee what I'now send to the' desk. ''
■ The' SPEAKER. - The Chair understood
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Shui.labak.ger1
to enter, a motion to recommit.; .
Mr. SHELLaBAEGER. The motion to
recommit was entered) > I stated to the-Hoirse
that "the bommittee will not be inclined to
prevent any proposition from beingTotedupon
which seems to be framed with-the .design of
perfecting the bill. But .unless- the House
should refuse to second , the -demand^ for the:
previous question, we eannot consent to addi-
tional amendments being offered intended to
defeat? the bill. . We want a fair vote from the
House'on the general merits of the question,
which the bill presents. But we want also
the :aid of the House in perfecting the bill
before its'shall reach aiinal vote.' . And there-
fore we have desired >to be ihdulged . i'11 the
usual course of permitting up. to that time
amendments to be voted upon which are in
aid o<f and friepdly to the bill.
Mr. COX. My amendment is germane to
the bill; and I understood from' the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Shellabarger] a momenfcago
that he would allow all amendments to be
offered to the bill. I do not believe it would
be altogether fair toward .gentlemen offering
amendments which are- pertinent to be cut off
simply because the committee instruct the
House that the bill they report is the best way
to have legislation 'on -this subject. If I can-
not offer the amendment now,' I desire at least
to-have it read. . .
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has a right
to have his'amendraenf ifead'i
.The Clerk read as follow&;.s'.
That from and after the lst of, Aurjl next, the act
entitled "An net concerning the registering and
of,sll'PS ttn(l vossels," approved December
.51,1792, and a) tacts and partsofnets supplementary
thereto, ,be, and .tho same ar,6;h?rdby, repealed" so
far as. to adyiit to register foreign-b,uilt vessels of
wotfd orlron, the property ofji. flittzsrt oreitizens of"
the united States: PyymjUd, That thft samo be pur-
chased in good faith by sucti oitizen or citizens.
Mr. LYNCH. I raise the point- of- order
that.thatamendment.is not germane to the bill,
■The SPEAKEli. Thegentleman from New
York. [Mr, Cox] who occupied the. floor is.
emitted, to hafre the amendmeatSreadiin.
Mr. COX. If this be a.bill which has;refi
erence to the encouragement of shipping I
cannot see .what more gcrtnane-amendment
could be offered than that.-whicli -i hrtveproS
posed. The gentleman, from.-: Maine [Mr.
Lynch] instructs me-sotto-voce that this is a
bill-to destroy Ameiican shipping. ■ But ship-
ping is .not altogether the interest which is
sought to bo revived by our legislation here. I
think this bill domes.from a committee on
commerce, and ship building is not so large an
interest when you look to the larger interests
connected with commerce. If this bill does
not belong to commerce, what.does belong to
commerce't Is not my substitute a matter
which belongs, to commerce? Does it not .give
out merchants the right to go anywhere to
buy their ships? Does it not allow ships to
come into our ports, without restriction? .Do
we-not allow an unprohibited foreign arttele,
of so.much per tori, or so much ad valorem, if
you plea.se, or anything you choose in mak-
ing a ship, a chisel, if you please; a piece of
wood, anything else that-may.be used so as to
cheapen commodities, to carry on transport-
ation cheaply, and conduce to the general wel-
fare ? .And that, in my judgment, is just what
my proposition does.
We are the only nation', Mr. Speaker! on
the face of the earth which cannot go where
it pleases to procure its sliips. The gentleman
frop Ohio a few jno.nients ago challenged us
to point gut a nation, that sent abroad for its
ships. |, point to' Prance, .which goes to
Glasgow/( I point to Germany, which goes to
Scotlahd' also., England herself goes to dif-
ferent ports of "her own country, although
miioli the gref^ter proportion of the ship-build-
ing is done 'f>y Glasgow. Ever; nation goes,
or.shQuld go, in th.e interest of humanity and of
its people, to that ptace where if can find the
cheapest, comnjpdity or the cheapest industry.
. Some years, ago,, when" I represented the
agricultural State froiu wEich fhe honorable
gentleman who has charge of this bill comes,
a proposition came up jn reference to trading
between Canada and "Toledo. Without my
knowing much about the subject, I said why
should we not cheapen transportation; why
not cheapen .freights; why not, therefore,
cheapen commodities by allowing our people
free, registry of vessels, so that we may have
the .greatest .cqmpetition in the carrying trade?
I" was simply honest. I have not unlearned
that proposition since I have 'represented the
great commercial metropolis. I never will.
Do gentleman object to our having'our rail-
roads ownpdt ip England?.."Why,-'sir,' the
Illinois CentraLrplroacl is owned in England.
Mr. KELLER I would ask the, gentleman
whether the railroads..are:built in Eiigland,
whether the work,911 then} is done there?
Mr. COX. The gentleman "knows that a
great many of the rails are constructed there,
but of course Pennsylvania has almost had a
monopoly of that business under the out-
rageous system which „he has always champ-
ioned, We would have had a revival of our
commerce and shipping were it not for the
miscalled - protection which the gentleman
advocates. It is aprotection to the foreigner,
as I could show; yet the gentleman from
Maine [Mr. Ly\'OH] says that my amendment
fpr free shipping ,is'not germane to this bill.
I could show, jou, if I had time and if the
House were ijj the humor, th,at $40,000,000
are earned annually at the port of Wew York
alone by foreign vessels, and foreign citizens
in the carrying trade of tBe Atlantic ; that we
lose from seventy-one to seventy-two million
dollars annually by the protective policy taking
from .the people the right to buy ships and run
them and man them with American seamen,
is already confessed in the Treasury reports
quoted by my friend from Ohio, [Mr. Sheiaa-
BAROEK.] ,
I "know, Mr. Speaker, thai in your State an
efforti'has :bee,n made under, the specious guise
of drawbacks, and under cover of our recent
legislation,,to revive-your shipping interests.
Perhaps some little good may resqlt in pro-
moting the building of w.ooden ships in Maine
and on the Delaware. But, sir,.bounties have
failed 111 every guise and device, whether by
drawbacks, bouiities, postages, or. otherwise, to
revwe our eomijierce and shipping interests.
VY e_ have a large coasting trade ; we have an
immense area of inland navigation • we have
made great efforts to foster these interests here,
li.ufc there is one interest so eulogized by the
gentleman from Ohio .[Mr, Sheu'.'a,barger]
that.has ^not beep fostered by this Congress,
and all that that interest cares, for is that they
shall be " let alone." They do not care about
protection. TJiey are,.and long to continue,
tree men, and.to. trade free." Was there any
rniSRO?^Uu or commerce up
tQ ,1860? We had no bounties, orsearcelv any,
except to one line, .(Collins.)' un t<>' that time.
Was there ever such an increase tn'own in shio-
building as up to 1856,in the .United States ?
We not-oniy built alT our own ships, but we
built ships which were sent into English ports
to be sold. Why? Because by. even a partial
repeal of your odious tariff taxes, responding
to the repeal of the corn laws,in 1846, we were
enabled to interchange, .and through the in-
crease of commerce to command, the carrying
rade of the world. Why, sir, we grow under
the magic of uur industry and of Our compar-
