1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL-. GLOBE.
7 m
ative freedom from taxation from $2,180,000
in 1840 to over $3,000,000 in 1850; and to
$5,258,000 in 1860 !
I am simply ashamed to show otir decline
since 1860. It would look partisan. I am
almost ashamed to discuss the causes of that
decline. The talk about the Alabama, so far
as decline in ship-building is concerned, is a
fraud. The more ships destroyed, the more
demand for ship-bnildine.
Mr. LYNCH. Will the gentleman allow me
to ask him a question right here?
Mr, COX. Certainly.
Mr. LYN CH. The gentleman speaks of our
prosperity in 1860 in relation to our shipping.
I ask him if the policy which he desires now
to have inaugurated was ever the policy of the
Government up to that time, or up to the
present time?
Mr. COX. No, sir; bat we would have
prospered still more if that bad been the pol-
icy. ' We have had such bad policies since.
When the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Shella-
iurger,] so learned in history, goes back to
the Phoenician and other pirates of old times,
and comes down, as I think he does by his
bill, (of course unintentionally,) to the pirates
of this time, who have ever preyed by tariffs
and what not upon our industry, you will find
that, as the result of our historic and economie
experience, Pennsylvania, or its narrow sel-
fish policy, rules us with a rod of iron. As
the result of this State and local dictation, our
people have degenerated in prosperity, and by
the reverse policv our people would have grown
in prosperity. Their growth would have been
in proportion as they have been released from
commercial shackles. They will grow the
more and more rapidly and happily as they
have the more freedom in intercourse and
exchanges.
The illustration of the Hanseatic League is
the most unfortunate the gentleman from Ohio
could have made. It was one of the grandest
combinations for the liberality of commerce.
Therefore it was affluent and great. England
to-day is an illustration of the splendid bene-
fits of the repeal of navigation and all other
restrictive laws. I have no time to go into
details. If we would be just to ourselves we
would copy her example. We would make
the sea free and common to our enterprise.
A free sea, free as the winds and waves, is
the emblem of that grandeur of nations which
the irrelevant speech of the gentleman^ from
Ohio has even aggrandized by his rhetoric.
But gentlemen by their insane tariffs as well
as by their corrupt bounties have nearly de-
stroyed commerce. All we can do now is^to
mourn over it as men mourn over the ruins
of Rome or of Athens. They are splendid in
their ruins, but they are rains still. Gentle-
men may admire the Acropolis like a Grecian,
or the Pantheon as a Roman; still they are
ruins; grand and beautiful, but still ruins.
You may never acknowledge it, but we know
lhat your Neptune is a myth. His trident
is broken ; his image is dust. Oar vessels,
our ship-yards, and our hai-bors speak of your
former grandeur and your present selfish fatu-
ity. Dislocated and unrecompensed labor,
paralyzed and alienated labor, tell the tale of
feeble and senseless Federal legislation 1
There are only two ways of reviving ship-
ping. One of them is to reduce your taxes on
articles that enter into the construction of ship-
ping, iron, steel, timber, cordage, &c. Thus
von may, perhaps, reviveshipping. There is
another way; and that pointed out by the sub-
stitute which I hope to bring before this House.
That is to allow our merchants to buy ships
'Veely wherever they may or can. Do not, as
is proposed by this bill, create a new bureau,
a bureau of commerce, with certain men at
the head of it, for the purpose of interven-
ing in business. Yon want them to super-
vise the construction of ships. Do you not
propose to give them the privilege of giving
bounties to a few at the expense of the many*?
Is there anything more unrepubliean or un-
democratic, more illiberal or unjust? I have
been in this House for many years. During
my service I have opposed every measure in
which I saw that there was a- bounty or a snb
sidy. I care not whether it were a land grant,
a tariff gratuity, or a subsidy to steamships.
In this course I had the confidence of ray
old constituents in Ohio. To-day 1 have the
unbounded confidence of my constituents in
New York. Agriculture and commerce join
hands in advocating the largest liberty in
commerce. They are interdependent; and thus
they make nations, ay, even the world, better
and greater!
I do not speak without hearty indorsement
from the intelligence and enterprise of the
best men of the great metropolis. I art happy
that my early and crude thoughts are in har-
mony with theirs.
It has often been suggested to me by our
leading men, and by our great newspapers in
New York city, that there was no way possible
for Congress to help shipping or revive com-
merce except by giving free registry. The
unprotected classes, ever the victims of selfish
spoilers, have begged that they may go abroad
to buy the instruments of commerce. Yoa
allow other trifles and other people to buy their
instruments of their handiwork abroad, if so
be they can so buy, and buy, of course, with
advantage. Why is a Ship, iron or wood, dif-
ferent from an adze or a woolen fabric ? If a
tariff is demanded, very well; levy it. But
why prohibit entirely one kind of adjutants to
industry and transportaiion and let others in,
even under heavy burdens?
Now,tbe bill before us discriminates in favor
of certain classes. Where do we get our right
to discriminate in favor of a half dozen lines
of steamships to the exclusion of all others?
Is it in the Constitution ? In economy ? In
morals ?
I presented a petition here, two or three
years ago, signed by Charles H. Marshall, of
the Black Ball line to Liverpool, and other
shippers and owners, asking that they might
not have the competition which was fed by
subsidies to contend with. They asked no
aid from the overtaxed farmer or mechanic.
They did not believe, of course, in the boun-
ties given by Congress to other lines. Why
should they ask Congress to help their com-
petitors? What right have we to build up a
dozen lines at the expense of a hundred?
Why help a few by hindering many others
who do not get bounties? What right have
we to help one line running to one country,
when we do not help the lines running to
another country? All the laws of piracy,
from Carthage down to the pirates of Algiers,
cannot sanction such inequitable and swind-
ling devices. If that be our policy, where and
when shall we stop ? Look at the details of
this bill. I cannot now stop to consider
them. I tell you, Mr. Speaker and fellow-
members, that this bill has no limit to its
power of plunder. It will drain your Treas-
ury dry. If it is not piracy it is something
worse, and namelessly worse, because done
by Government. It is not only "inequality
before the law," but if it is a law it will draw
every dollar from your Treasury. I cannot
now speak of this land-locked system; that
system of Internal improvement which is the
worst sign of our political and executive de-
generacy. I regret to see that many of our
friends are enamored of its provisions and
temptations. I cannot now discuss our rail-
road grants, so prolific of trouble ; but I know
and you know what such schemes have taken
or may take from your Treasury. If the in-
ternal improvement scheme ever passes there
will be nothing left for this ; the Treasury will
be bankrupt, and the nation like some of our
States. ,
How can there be any equality m a bill like
this? Does it comply with professions of
gentlemen who prate about equality before the
law? Is it not a mockery? Oh, yes ; it is
a business arrangement. Does it not ask
the Government to go in partnership with a
few of its pets ; and why? Plainly, that any
losses which may occur in any new commer-
cial adventure may he borne, in part at least,
by our paternal Government.
Not to refine too much, the proposition is
that the Government shall help out of the
Treasury a few men that they may venture
into this peculiar line of business, while others
have to foot their own losses without the aid
of the tax-payer. A favored class are to be
guarantied against all loss by the Government.
The Government is to be the underwriter on
all commercial hazards. It insures oor con-
stituents' pay. It is the old role. The un-
represented many are sucked dry to feed the
favored few.
Such a measure is not just. It is not equal.
Being unjust and unequal, it will not foster pros-
perity. It cannot help commerce or shipping.
It has no precedent in honest history when
properly analyzed and studied. I oppose it
in toto as the beginning of another era of cor-
ruption. I oppose it as I did in other years
the connection of Government with railroads.
Where is the natural right or justice, where
the constitutional right by which wte can, as
Congressmen, connect Government with pri-
vate business and fortune? Experience shows
that the less we connect such private enter-
prises with authority the purer is the Govern-
ment and the greater the prosperity of the
individual and the nation.
Had I time, Mr. Speaker, I could read a
statement which I wrote last session appro-
priate to this amendment. This statement
shows briefly that we cannot compete just now
with foreign countries in ship building, not-
withstanding an increase in the price of ship-
building labor in Glasgow and other places
referred to by my friend from Ohio. That
argument I am permitted to reproduce. Pref-
atory to it, it is necessary to inquire whether
there has been a "decadence of American
commerce." It is sometimes denied. Let
me state it a little different. Has there been
a decadence, or rather an annihilation of
Americau navigation? While other matters
have occupied public attention this import-
ant interest has nearly died out. AH the mer-
chants and sailors were painfully aware of
the fact. Congress did not discover it till
four or five years ago. Then, apparently
"waking up to a realizing sense," instead of
affording an immediate and effective remedy,
it commissioned a committee ot investigation,
with Mr. Lynch, of Elaine, as chairman, to
occupy six months in perambulating and
investigating the cause of decline and con-
cocting a specific for recuperation. With
what results? Well, the result of their re-
searches and their recommendation was
brought forward some years since. Although
in both Houses it was justly termed a failure,
as it certainly was, a great volume of " evi-
dence,-' with the accompanying report, was
allowed to be printed. My friend from Maine
is familiar with its recommendations and their
failure. The burden of his song was, " Ship-
building has been ruined because ships were
destroyed by the Alabama ; and ship-building
can be restored if Congress will give a bounty
that will enable down-east coasters to compete
with railroads!" The whole tenor of his
recommendations show that the latter object
was all he had in view. The bounty he pro-
posed was totally inadequate to build a single
ship or steamer to compete with those engaged
in ocean traffic under foreign flags.
The absurdity of the pretense that the
Alabama destroyed ship-building is evident
enough. If the ships destroyed by that cruiser
were worth being replaced by others, would n06
their very destruction have given an impetus
to ship-but!ding? The truth is that
steam-ships at tbat precise epoch superseding
wooden sailing Bhips, their destructiou was «o
