1873.
THB CONGRESSIONAL GMBE.
IM5
it in the first place would bind nobody, and ia
the next place the rale says in so many words
that we shall not do it. By the same power
that we could do that, jwe could agree by unani-
mous consent to go on and do anything else.
Therefore, without any objection being made,
the suggestion came from several Senators in
answer to my friend from Vermont, that he
could not dd that. I am not on my feet, how-
ever, to object to it, and I will conclude in one
moment what I was going to say. It is merely
that if we commence in this way this evening
we shall go on and fag ourselves out, wear out
the members of the body; and in place of being
in aS good condition as we might be for the
extraordinary duration of hours which we shall
be compelled to submit to, we shall be in a
jaded and forlorn condition to begin with as
we enter upon this new hour of rdeeting and
these late hours of sitting.
Therefore I hope that no such attempt will
be made. I recollect on an occasion not long
ago, when there was a measure before the Sen-
ate in which perhaps equal interest was felt, we
ran out of a quorum earlier than this in the even-
ing, and a Senator whom I will not name came
in upon being invited to do so, and in the mean
time those who we're very fierce for,the pro-
ceeding when we began had grown so weary
of it that upon his motion the Senate adjourned
before the Sergeant-at-Arms returned, who had
gone to notify other Senators. That was the
last case of this; and on the occasion next be-
fore, which I will not stop to narrate, the same
thing in substance took place. Here we are
a mile or a mile and a half from the residence
of most of the Senators who are gone, and it
is now half after eleven o'clock and something
more. We shall sit here until some hour in
the morning and fail, in my belief, and I hope
the proceeding will not be attempted.-
Mr. STEWART. I can make a suggestion
which I think will facilitate matters. Although
we have not the power to bind absentees to
the required agreement in the absence of a
quorum—and we would not have the power in
any event, because these agreements are only
matters of honor—we can have this agreement:
that those present, as far as they are concerned,
will endeavor to have a vote taken at half
past eleven to morrow. If there is a dispo-
sition to do that, so far as our honor is con-
cerned we can agree to it, and we can state
to those who are away what agreement we
made among ourselves, and they can abide
by it or not. I presume it would have the
desired effect if those present by unanimous
consent would agree among themselves to take
the vote and do nothing to prolong the discus-
sion after half past eleven o'clock to-morrow,
if those who are absent are willing to go on
with it and occupy time after that period, we
shall noi be responsible. I suggest that those
who are here consent that we take the vote at
half past eleven to-morrrow.
Mr. HAMLIN. The Senator from Nevada
lias made the precise suggestion which I rose
to make when the Senator from New York
sat down. It is not a suggestion of an agree-
ment here which would bind members who
are absent ; but if we who are here are willing
to suggest any lime—T would be willing to
say one o'clock, it' gentlemen want to debate
the bill further—any reasonable hour to-mor-
vow when we who are present agree to facili-
tate by our action the effort to take the vote
:it that hour, 1 think perhaps it would he the
best arrangement weeoukl make. I think (hat
could be carried out. We cannot make an
arrangement, being less than a quorum here,
hy which we can bind anybody else ; but it in
good faith we vvh.> are here pursue that course,
I think we shall have no difficulty in reaching
a vote at that time.
1 would not l'ke to see this vote token by a
mere quorum with one or two over, ft is an
imporlant question,and 1 would be glad U) seo
a full Senate. Ought the bill to pass? 1 hose
who are Uiendly to the bill ask the vote of the
Senate; they ask no mbre.' If it passes, then
the responsibility is with the majority, not upon
the minority. Certainly we have taken all this
day, and it does seem to me that the proposi-
tion of the Senator from Nevada is most reas-
onable, with the addition, if gentlemen desire,
to have, an Hour after the morning hour to
debate it. I would not object to that.
Mr. FRELIN GH UYSEN. Say twelve
o'clock.
Mr. STEWART. Twelve o'clock.
Mr. HAMLIN. Well, twelve o'clock.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will ask the Senator from Nevada to restate
the proposition which he made. ; r
Mr. STEWART. That at twelve o'clock
we take the vote; or rather that those who are
present agree, so far as they are concerned,
that, we take the vote at twelve o'clock. Of
course it is optional with the others whether
they will abide by it or not. It may be stated
that less than a quorum made the agreement
with the understanding that they had no power
to bind the others, but that it will be binding
upon those who are present.
Mr. WINDOM. Does the Senator propose
to vote without further amendments?
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Let amend-
ments be voted on without debate; that we
commence to vote on the amendments at that
time.
Mr. WINDOM. And in case this should be
antagonized with any other bill at that time,
does this agreement pledge us to vote for it ?
Mr. CONKLING. Of course.
Mr. WINDOM. I do not agree to it.
Mr. TIPTON. Must this be unanimous?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will state that the call of the Senate disclosing
the fact that there is no quorum present, there
is no motion in order except a motion to ad-
journ, after the motion which has already been
made to send for absentees.
Mr. WINDOM. Before that motion is made
I wish to be understood. I do not mean to
say that I will interpose any motions for delay.
I have not to-day, nor have I said one word
for the purpose of delaying the bill to-day ;
but if this bill should be antagonized with an
appropriation bill or some other important
bill, I shall l'eel at liberty to vote for the ap-
propriation bill, and shall not vote for this bill;
but I will not interpose any motion for delay.
I shall make a motion to-morrow to refer the
bill to the Committee on Military Affairs, and
shall ask a vote on it. Further than that, with
some perhaps very brief remarks, I shall not
interpose anything to delay it, and have not.
Mr. THURMAN. I have staid here at
very great inconvenience to myself to night
to discharge my duty. I never have left the
Senate since I have been a member of it to
break up a quorum, and I do rot think I ever
shall. I will not say there might not be circum-
stances that would justify me in doing so. I do
not think the members who went away to-night
have gone away for the purpose of breaking up
a quorum at all, and therefore I am not in
favor of sending for them. I agree with the
Senator from New York that to stay here and
send for them would only be to weary our-
selves out and disqualify ourselves for business
to-morrow, and we should lose more time than
we would gain.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Will that apply to-mor-
row night, as well as to-night?
Mr. THURMAN. It will apply any night
almost. But in respect to the agreement, sug-
gested, I will say this : all such arrangements
rest in what ought to be, and has beeu so far
as I know, the highest sanction, the honor of
the Senate. But it never has been held so far
as I know that loss than a quorum could make
such an arrangement as that it would be bind-
ing on the Senators who were away: and my,
own impression is that there are some Sena-
tors who feel so earnestly that this bill ought
not to pass, and that the attempt to put it
through in the way that the attempt is made,
without that consideration that it ought to have,
is not right,that I have no idea that they would
agree to any such proposition as that which is
now made.
I will say' further that I have offered no
amendment to this Mil except in the most per-
fect good faith. I have not said one word
with the purpose of delay nor offered any
amendment for the purpose of delay. Every
amendment I have .offered has been in perfect
good faith, and I would like to offer another
amendment and discuss it at not an incon-
venient l'engtlf. I would_ like for somebody to
tell me why the Territories' should not be in-
cluded in this bill; why it should be limited
to the States and the District of Columbia ;
why agricultural colleges should not be cher-
ished as inuflh in a Territory as in a State ;
and yet they are all excluded from the bill.
That is a thing I would like to know, but I
can not go into that now.
I thpk the best thing we can do, Mr. Pres-
ident, is to adjourn; and believing that we
shall,do nothing by staying here, I move that,
the Senate adjourn.
The question being put, there were on a
division—ayes 19, noes 17,
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I ask for
the yeas and nays:
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken resulted—yeas 19, nays 15 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Carpenter. Conkling, Har-
lan, Hitchcock, Howe, Keiiey, Norwood, Pool,
Ramsey, Ransom, Robertson, Schurz, Stewart,
Thurman, West, Wilson, Windom, and Wri^t—19.
2fAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Boreman, lirownlow,
Buckingham, Clayton, Cragin, Bdtaunds, Ffan?an,
Frelinghuysen, Hamlin, Logan, Morrill of Ver-
mont, Patterson, Sawyer, and Sprague—15,
ABSENT—Messrs, Alcorn, Bayard, Blair. Cald-
well, Cameron, Casserly, Chandler, Cole, Cooper,
Corbett, Davis, Fenton, Ferry of Connecticut, F,ei'ry
of Michigan, Gilbert, Goldthwaite, Hamilton of
Maryland, Hamilton of Texas, Hill, Johnston,
Lewis, Machen, Morrill .of Maine, Morton, Nye,
Osborn, Pomeroy, Pratt, Bice, Saulsbury, Scott,
Sherman, Spencer, Stevenson, Stockton, Sumner,
Tipton, Trumbull, and Vickerj—39.
So the motion was agreed to; and (at eleven
o'clock and forty*six minutes p. m.) the Sen-
ate adjourned.
, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, February 25, 1873.
The House met eleven o'clock a. m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Bctler, D. D.
The Clerk proceeded to read the Journal
of yesterday.
Mr. COX I ask unanimous consent that
the reading of the .Journal bjs suspended, in
order that, I may make a motion that the ladies
in the corridors, who cannot be accommodated
in the galleries, be allowed to occupy the seats
in the rear of members.
Mr. WOOD. I suggest that the preference
be given to the families of members.
Mr. COS. Well, I* always prefer my own
family.
The SPEAKER. If there is no objection
the order will be made.
There was no objection; and the ladies were
admitted ou the floor.
The Clerk then resumed and completed the
reading of the Journal, and it was approved.
30HN HEBBREB.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a letter from the Secretary
of War, in relation to the claim ol John
Heberer, enrolling < officer forty-second sub-
division fifth congressional district, State of
Illinois ; -which, was referred to the Committee
oa Milt wry Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
I,INCOr,K" W. TIB'BITS.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
' sent, laid bsloi-e the House a letter from the
Secretary of War, iu relation to the claim of
j Lincoln W. Tibbits, master and managing
i owner of the brig Tornado; which was re-
i'ft-rred to the Committee of Claims; and
jj ordered to be printed. ; • '
