l?|6
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 25,
THE PUBLIC DEBT.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a letter from the
Secretary of the Treasury, in answer to a reso-
lution of the House of January 25, 1873, in
relation to the aggregate (amount paid on the
public debt sincei the 20th of March, 1861;
which was referred to the Committee of Ways
and Means, and ordered to be printed.
OFFICERS IN1 THE UNITED STATES NAVY.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before" the House a letter from the
Secretary of the Navy, in relation to House
bill No., 3400, to regulate and establish the
grade of certain officers in the United States
Navy; which was referred to the Committee
on Naval Affairs,, and ordered to be printed.
BETH E. WARD.
The SPEAKER, also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a letter from the
Secretary of the Interior, in relation to the
claims of Seth E. Ward for compensation on
aecount of depredations committed by Brul6
and Ogallalla Sioux Indians; which was
ordered to be printed, and referred to the
Committee of Claims.
MEMPHIS AND VICKSBURO RAILROAD.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a letter from the
Secretary of War, in relation to the bill of the
House No. 2012, granting to the Memphis and
Vicksburg Railroad Company the right of way
through the National Cemetery, of Vicksburg,
Mississippi; which was ordered to be printed,
and referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
MERCANTILE NIGHT SIGNALS.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a letter from the
Secretary of the Treasury, in answer to a reso-
lution of the House, in relation to night sig-
nals in the mercantile marine of the United
States ; which was ordered to be printed, and
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
ALABAMA, COOSHATA, ETC., INDIANS.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a letter from the
Secretary of the Interior, in relation to House
bill No. 3090, entitled "A bill for the relief
of the Alabama, Cooshata, and Muscogee
tribes of Indians in Texas ; which was ordered
to be printed, and referred to the Committee
on Indian Affairs.
jr. n. GRUELL.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a letter from the
Secretary of War, in relation to the military
history of N. R. Gruell, late of the thirteenth
Illinois volunteers and the sixteenth Illinois
cavalry ; which was referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs.
JOS& A. AND ROMALDO BACA.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous eon-
sent, laid before the House a letter from the
Seeretai-y of the Interior, in relation to the
claim of Jos6 A. Baca and Romaldo Baca,
for depredations committed in August, 1868,
by Kiowa and Comanche Indians; which
was ordered to be printed, and referred to
the Committee on Indian Affairs.
CIVIL EMPLOYES OP THE NAVY DEPARTMENT.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a letter from the Secretary of the Navy, trans-
mitting in compliance with law a statement
of the civil employes of his Department, dur-
ing the year ending December 31,1872; which
was ordered to be printi d, and referred to the
select Committee on the Reorganization of the
Civil Service.
DEMPSEY AND O'TOOLE
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
letter from the Secretary of War, in relation to
the bill of the late firm of Dempsey & O'Toole
for stationery furnished the War Department
in 1868; which was referred to the Committee
of Claims, and ordered to be printed.
MILITARY TELEGRAPH LINES.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a letter from the Secretary of War, in relation
to the probable cost of the construction and
operation of telegraph lines connecting the
military posts and from post to post on the
frontier of Texas; which was ordered to be
printed, and referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
ARMY RETIRED LIST.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a letter from the Secretary of War, in answer
to a resolution of the House of February 1,
1873, in relation to the Army retired list;
which was ordered to be printed, and referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs.
COAST SURVEY REPORT.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a letter from the Secretary of the Treasury,
transmitting a report of the Superintendent of
the Coast Survey; which was ordered to be
printed, and referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
POSTAGE FOR THE DEPARTMENTS.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a letter from the Secretary of the Treasury,
in answer to a resolution of the House of
January 30, 1873, in relation to what appro-
priations are necessary for the fiscal year for
each Department to meet expenses for post-
age to perform official business, on aceount of
the abolition of franking.
Mr. SARGENT. There i§ no time for that
communication to be printed. I move that
it be referred to the Committee on Appro-
priations without being printed.
The motion was agreed to.
ARMY REGULATIONS.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a letter from the Secretary of War, transmit-
ting a system of regulations for the Army ;
which was ordered to be printed, and referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs.
PROBST AND KIRCUNER.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a letter from the Secretary of the Interior,
in relation to the claim of Probst & Kirchner,
for depredations committed in 1869 by Navajo
Indians; which was ordered to be printed,
and referred to the Committee of Claims.
M. DESMARIAS AND COMPANY.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a communication
from the Secretary of the Interior, in relation
to the claim of M. Desmarias & Co., for de-
predations committed by Cheyenne Indians;
which was referred to the Committee of Claims,
and ordered to be printed.
SILAS W. CUTLER.
The SPEAKER" also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a communication
from the Secretary of the Interior, in relation
to the claim of Silas W. Cutler, for depreda-
tions committed in March, 1867, by Kaw In-
dians ; which was referred to the Committee
of Claims, and ordered to be printed.
FLORIDA MILITIA.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a communication
from the Secretary of War, in answer to a
resolution of the House of December 16,1872,
in relation to a detailed statement of the
amount of money expended, and by whom,
in payment of the Florida militia; which was
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
CHRISTOPHER WAGNER
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a communication
from the Secretary of the Interior, in relation
to the claim of Christopher Wagner, for the
depredations committed in October, 1868, by
the Cheyenne and Arrapahoe Indians; which
was referred to the Committee of Claims, and
ordered to be printed.
PRIVATE LAND CLAIMS IN NEW MEXICO.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a communication
from the Secretary of the Interior, transmit-
ting the reports of the Surveyor General of
New Mexico on Private Land Claims Nos. 71
and 72 ; which was referred to the Committee
on Private Land Claims, and ordered to be
printed.
SMITHSONIAN INSTITUTION.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a communication
from the Secretary of the Smithsonian Institu-
tion, transmitting the annual report of the ope-
ration, expenditures, and condition of the
Smithsonian Institution, for the year 1872;
which was referred to the Committee on Ap-
propriations, and ordered to be printed.
OBSERVATIONS OF STORMS.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a communication
from the Secretary of War, in relation to an
appropriation for the expenses of observation
and report of storms &c.; which jvas referred
to the Committee on Appropriations, and
ordered to be printed.
JOHN W. LOCKLEY AND WILLIAM SMITH.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a communication
from the Secretary of War, in relation to the
amounts due John W. Loekley and William
Smith, privates in company H Missouri vol-
unteer infantry, at the time of their discharge;
which was referred to the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
FURNISHING EXECUTIVE MANSION.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a communication
from the Secretary of War, in relation to an
estimate to supply a deficiency in the appro-
priation for furnishing the Executive Mansion
for the year ending June 30, 1870; which was
referred to the Committee on Appropriations.
BENJAMIN J. EVERETT.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a communication
from the Secretary of the Interior in relation
to the claim of Benjamin J, Everett for depre-
dations in 1868 by a party of Cheyenne In-
dians; which was referred to the Committee
of Claims, and ordered to be printed.
LEAVE OF ABSENCE.
Mr. TAFFE, by unanimous consent, ob-
tained leave of absence for the remainder of
the session.
LEAVE TO PRINT.
Mr. KELLOGG, by unanimous consent,
obtained leave to have printed in the Globe
remarks on the river and harbor appropriation
bill. [See Appendix.]
Mr. PORTER, by unanimous consent, was
granted leave to print in the Globe as part of
the debates some remarks oir joint resolution
No. 197proposing an amendment to the Con-
stitution providing for the election of President
and Vice President by a direct vote of the
people. [See Appendix.]
WITHDRAWAL OF PAPERS.
Mr. SMITH, of New York, by unanimous
consent, obtained leave to withdraw from the
files of the House papers in the case of Jared
C. Hurd, a claimant for a pension.
Mr. WALLACE, by unanimous consent,
obtained leave to withdraw from the files of
the House papers in the case of Charles J.
Davis, administrator of Captain John Davis,
an officer of the Revolutionary war.
Mr. MERMCK, by unanimous consent,
