756
TIB OGN&ElSSIOMlAiL €ITX)m
January 21,
loss. They were generally insured and paid
for: by the underwriters with the proceeds of
extra premiums, wrung from the community.
Our ship owners .were fortunately induced to
sell, their wooden ships, to England, and the
beneficial .rather than the, disastrous result is
that they have been .TQtting io English dock-
yards instead, :of in ours. .As to the bounty
passed last session, it was all for the coasting
tra.de> an already absolutely, wnapproagbable
m.Qtiopoly; .for it is susceptible of proof that at
least seventy; per cent, should be allowed on
the cost of every- American vessel in order to
make the builder even with.the Scotsman. The
decadence of American coastwise navigation
is owing:simply to the facts that railroads are
their successful competitors, and that steam-
ers tftking the places of sailing vessels, and
making their voyages more frequently, less ton-
yage is required.
The decadence of American ocean naviga-
tion,, the almost entire extinction of it, is
owing partly to the latter cau.se,, but chiefly, to
pother one that is all-powerful. All other
people of the world being allowed to purchase
their ships in the cheapest markets, and the
ocean being the common property of all na-
tion, they are enabled to underbuild and con-
sequently to undersail us. That is the whole
story,
Nqw for the true remedy. It does not lie
in subsidies which are only for the benefit of
a few .companies. Every individual American
citizen who wishes to own a ship has as much
right to a bounty as a steamship company.
It .does not lie iu bounties; forall bounties,
to be just, must be general. Then the amount
to be drawn from the .Treasury would be so
enormous that the scheme would be imprac-
ticable, The true remedy is just this and
nothing else: give every American the priv-
ilege, as my substitute does, and which every
foreigner now enjoys, of buying ships where
he pleases. There are now more than one
hundred and forty steamships doing the busi-
ness of the Atlantic ocean between this coun-,
try and Europe. Every one of them is under
a foreign flag.. The net earnings of these
ships, after deducting all expense is more
than $20,000,000 yearly; and their gross earn-
ings are double that sum. Who receives this
$40,000,000? 1 refer to New York city only.
The Treasury shows over $71,000,000 of
losses—foreign ship-owners, officers, sailors,
8t d- other, eaiployfis, including foreign ship-
builders who make repairs. Who pay it?
In great part American citizens who travel
on these ships and pay enormous freights.
Who , are .obliged to forego a participation
in the receipt of it? American ship-owners
and Crews, employes, maehiuists, and then
Jfcoasan.da of dependents whose interests are
sacrificed by their own Government in order
that these foreigners may be "protected!"
My constituents are sacrificed by the same
ruinous policy. Gentlemen in their appar-
ent anxiety to revive the old effete occupa-
tion of wooden ship-building have totally
ignored all the interests of ship-owning and
ship-sailing. They will not see that ship-own-
ing is of any importance at. all—that tools are
of any use excepting to be made. They reason
that if we cannot make tools we should not
use them, as if' we ought not to eat bread if
we cannot bake it 1
A few ship-builders, whose theory is that Gov-
ernment should promote a great monopoly
shop -for their exclusive benefit, tell us that
the duty on foreign material being removed,
they can build ships as cheaply as they can be
built abroad. Simple anthmetic exposes this
fallacy. Given equal cost of material, (which
would be impossible even if duty free, on ac-
count of freight and other charges,) what of a
Considerable item, labor? Ifiu this country
we must still be taxed on all the necessaries
of life, so that it takes two dollars to buy here
what one dollar buys in Scotland, must not the
price of this kind of labor be greater here ?
The difference in cost of labor alone on a three-'
thousand ton steamship two years ago was
$200,000. It has been but little modified. I
propose a bill of perfect fairness to the ship-
builder and the ship-owner. It is a.bill which
shall at the game time admit materials and
ships deity free, . Give the ship-builder a fair
chance. Let him try. If with these facilities
he can build the ship, surely the merchant will,
have no occasion to go to a foreign jnarket.
Why shouldpuot the merchant provide himself
abroad with what the builder cannot furnish
him at home? On every principle of justice
and sound, policy, give him that right One.e
more, Mr. Speaker, let our countrymen own
ships, as once they;did, that we may acquire
wealth instead of giving it to strangers. Thus,
reassuming our rank as a commercial nation,
we. may have sailors to man our fleets in case
of war, and not, by a hot-bed growth, make war
by subsidies, as proposed by the gentleman from
Ohio. In such a war we should inevitably fail.
The gentleman from Ohio has intimated,
while emitting hia statistical demonstration,
that the price of labor ii) foreign countries is
approximating our own. But in the business,
of ship-building I imagine that,some discrep-
ancy still exists. At least, two years, ago
there was so great, a difference that I was,
informed that a steamship of three thousand
tons would cost more, according to the labor
and materials, in Scotland than in this country
by $200,000. We know that owing to our
tariff it costs more by thirty-three per cent,
to build in New, Brunswick than in Maine.
Let the fact be understood. We cannot build
ships here because of your impracticable and,
I was about to say, infernal tariff. You will
not, because of your tariffs, let us build ships ;
and you will not let us buy. It is simply a
dog in the manger. It is worse. I ask that
by my amendment, since we are not allowed
the privilege of building ships, that we may
buy where we can buy them cheapest.
Mr. KELLEY. Will the gentleman yield
to me for one moment?
Mr. COX. I know what the gentleman is
about to say. He ia going to tell me that on
the Delaware river they are building ships.
Mr. KELLEY. I wish to inform the gen-
tleman that among the many industries of this
country none rs growing so rapidly as the build-
ing of iron ships.
Mr. COX. I knew the gentleman was going
to say that. [Laughter.]
Mr. KELLEY. It is a square contradiction
of the gentleman's assertion.
Mr. STEVENSON. If the gentleman from
Pennsylvania is right, what is the use of subsi-
dizing that branch of industry 1
Mr. COX. If this industry is so prosper-
ous, why doe3 it need these extraordinary
bounties? If it is so healthy and is growing,
why administer to it this poison of subsidies ?
Why tax the body of the people throughout
the country to help a special business? Why,
especially when this '-industry is growing so
rapidly? " Why compel the farmer in Illinois
to pay an extra amount for his plow by reason of
your tariff to pay such subsidies? Why—when
men out West are burning their prairie-raised
corn for fuel—why do you keep up your taxes
on coal for fuel? Why on iron for transporta-
tion by rail? That is what I would like to
have.answered by the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Kelley] who takes such a spe-
cial interest in this business-
Mr. KELLEY. Will the gentleman yield
for an answer?
Mr. COX. I would with pleasure, but there
are some gentlemen here who are anxiotjs to
occupy a part of my hour.
Mr. KELLEY. I will try to succeed the
gentleman, and answer his suggestions, which
I think I can do very amply.
Mr. COX. The gentleman never fails to
make a verbal answer; but whether a reason-
able one the House will have to judge, as it
generally does.
Mr. KELLEY. I will even account for the
burning of the corn, if the gentleman will let
me in forthwith.
Mr. COX. , I am not so familiar with corn
and its various juices, as the,gentleman, per-
haps. [Laughter.] .
Mr. -SHELLABARGER. ■ The*e is one
point in reference to which I,think the gentle-
man has. fallen, into an error, and. upon that
point I would like to hear him.,
Mr. COX. I ask my friend to W a little
forbearing. He has made here an elaborately
prepared speech of nearly two hours. He
has sent over to England for statistics. I had
no idea this matter was coming up to-day. I
speak without my papers,, and without prepa-
ration. I have not the figures I should like to
dilate upon to meet the gentleman. Do not
take advantage of a poor blind boy by asking
statistical questions. [Great laughter.]
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I merely wish to
refer to the point the gentleman was arguing
a moment ago.'
Mr. CQX. If he promises not to go back
to Phoenicia or Babylon I will hear his ques-
tion. [Laughter.]
Mr. SHELLABARGER I will not go
back. I wish.to read an extract from the re-
port of Mr.. Joseph Nimmo, jr., chief of the
division of tonnage in the Treasury Depart-
ment, which is pertinent to the point at issue:
"Were the Government to allow drawback of du-
ties or a bounty equal to that amount ($21,006.66 or
$21,000 per ton) the cost of American vessels would
Be reduced to $104 per ton. or only nine and a half
peroent. more than the assumed current English
price of £15 per ton. This difference, however,
would be met by the advantage enjoyed by sailing
vessels employed in general comtterceof engaging in
our coasting trade, which advantage, as beforestated,
is estimated at ten per cent, on the value of British
in our own markets."
Now, Mr. Speaker, that is the last estimate
we have on this subject, and it is from the
rcporlipf ft man than whom there is none more
intelligent on this question. He puts it at
nine and a ha,lf per cent.
Mr. COX. I understand the gentleman to
say there is a difference between ship building
abroad and ship-building in this country. Of
course there is.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. We are told by
Mr. Nimmo our price would be reduced to
nine and a half per cent, more than the as-
sumed English price if our builders are allowed
the benefit of drawback of duties.
Mr. COX. We do not.allow them.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. The law of last
June does allow drawback.
Mr. COX. I wish to get at the drift of the
gentleman's argument. He says there is a
great difference between ship-building in this
couutry and ship-building abroad. Yes, there
ls* He says that difference is constantly being
reduced, and yet, while that is his argument,
at the very time when we are equalizing the
cost of labor in Great Britain and in thiscoun-
try, at this very time, in comes the gentleman,
asking us to makeagrand,monstrous, moneyed,
and subsidized monoply for the benefit of a
few people at the expense of many. As I have
often said in this House, so I say again, I am
in favor, as Tittlebat Titmouse was on one
occasion, of giving something to everybody.
uj l wish every man, woman, and
child to have a subsidy, or else I wish nobody
to have a subsidy, and I prefer the latter. Is
it the function of Government to help one
class of people at the expense of another?
Now, would the gentleman [Mr. Shella-
BargekJ who represents my old district of
Springfield, Ohio, where they manufacture
such splendid and useful agricultural imple-
ments by the million, like or urge Congress
to propose by legislation to one class of men
Sn°nnnSlde °f the Str?et> " You shall have
1-40,000 per annum to help your reaping ma-
chines, but those on the other side of the street
who make threshing machines shall raise a
part of the taxes to pay the $40,000, while
they themselves should get no bounty?" Yet
