1718
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 25,
directed the committee to inquire whether any
members of this House had been bribed by
Mr. Oae.es Ames or any other person or cor-
poration. That was ail. in accordance with
wtiat we understood to be our duty under that
resolution,. *We exajnined all the evidence
ihjjt.was produced befpre us and ajl that we
could fijyi in relation jo any dealings between
Mr. Ames or any other persons or corporations,
in the language of the resolution, in relation
to stock in this company called the Credit
Mobilier of America.
Alter 'having; taken all the testimony we
could find in relation to any person then a
member of 'Congress, we reported that testis
mony at length, and upon that testimony the
committee come "to the conclusion that Mr.
Oakes Ames waa guilty of the crime of bribery,
and that Mr. James Brooks was guilty of
receiving bribes, and we therefore find those
■cases to come-within the terms ijnd scope ^nd
jurisdiction of that resolution as we under-
stand it, and hence we report resolution, with
.reference to those two gentlemen, proposing
to expel them from their seats in this House.
In relation to the otherg<jntlemen connected
with this matter, those who are now members
of this House, the committee was unable to
find from any evidence produced before them,
or that come within their reach, that any of
the other persons named in the report, who
are now members of the House, had been
.guilty of the offense qf bribery, either in giving
or receiving bribes, and therefore, as to the
.offense w-e were charged to inquire into in
reference to any member of this House, w.e
said that we did not find it established as
against any of those gentlemen.
We consider, therefore, that under the reso-
lution we have fully performed our duty in
reporting as to those gentlemen. But the
House might differ from us, the House might
say that as to those gentlemen if they were not
guilty of this offense they were guilty of some-
thing else, and we came to this conclusion, to
find a special verdict with reference to every
one of these gentlemen, excepting those whom
we found within the terms and language of
the resolution, and submit to the judgment of
the House whether, upon the facts reported,
any action is proper in reference to them.
That is the position of our report; that is
what the committee intended. We did not
understand it to be our duty to report upon
any conduct of any member of this House ex-
cept in respect of and in view of the resolution
submitted to us.
The facts reported by the conynittee stand
before the House, and if any member of the
House desires to ask the judgment of the
House upon the special verdict we have re-
turned as to the other members named in the
report, he will have opportunity to ask such
judgment, and therefore, at the proper time,
the committee, so far as they have control of
the matter, will yield for the offering of any
resolution that any gentleman may choose to
offer on his own responsibility as a member,
founded on the facts contained in our report.
 So much, Mr. Speaker, by way of prelimi-
nary. And now, sir, 1 desire the attention of
the House for a few moments to the evidence
laid before them to sustain the action of the
committee in relation to the two members
against whom they have reported resolutions
of expulsion.
And, in the first place, in regard to Mr.
Ames: there is no question upon the testi-
mony ; it is conceded by Mr. Ames himself,
!t. has been proved by various other witnesses
that in December, 1867 and in January 18G8,
Mr. Ames, here in Washington attending the
uession of Congress as a member of the House
of Representatives, made contracts with and
made sales to various members of the Senate
and to various members of the House a certain
number of shares of stock in a company called
the Credit Mobilier of America; that sueh
sales were made by him, and that in every
instance those sales were made at the par
value of the stock and the interest upon that
par value from the previous July. All that is
unquestioned upon the testimony before your
committee.
Now an important and material inquiry is
in reference to the value of that stock. I
shall not here go into any history of the mat-
ter, because it is set forth somewhat at length
in thft report that was made by the commit-
tee of which I had the honor to be the chair-
man, and more at .length in the report of the
committee of which the honorable gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. Wilson] was the chair-
man. That history sets forth the proceedings
and relations between the Union Pacific Rail-
road Company and this Credit Mobilier of
America. '
I have now no occasion to,speak a3 to
whether this connection between the two com-
panies was honest and honorable, or whether
it was otherwise, something or other had been
done, either right or wrong, by which, as early
as December, 1867, the stock of the Credit
Mobiliei* Company was understood by its own-
ers to be worth at least double its par value ;
that is, a share of $100 was worth at least $200.
It was so understood by the owners of the
stock; it was so understood by Mr. Ames
himself. The only sale of stock that we were
able to ascertain was one made by Mr. Durant,
one of the leading men in this transaction, to
Mi-. Alley, another leading man. It was true,
that on the 20th of December, 1867, Mr. Du-
rant sold a certain number of shares of stock
to Mr. Alley for $100 per share, its par value
being but $100 a share. But there was proof
in relation to that transaction that they got into
a controversy about whether one of these divi-
dends should be made. Mr. Alley opposed
it; Mr. Durant wanted the dividend made,
and for the purpose of inducing Mr. Alley to
consent to the dividend, Mr. Durant sold to
Mr. Alley a quantity of stock for less than he
himself understood it was worth at the time.
Mr. Durant testified that in his judgment every
share of that stock was worth $200.
More than that; we have in the evidence
that has been submitted, that of Mr. Ames
himself. On page 7 of the volume of evi-
dence taken by the committee there is a letter
dated February 22, 1868, from Mr. Ames to
Mr. Henry S. McComb. In the course of
that letter Mr. Ames says.
" You ask me if I will sell some of my Union
Pacific railroad stock,I will sell some of it at par.
Credit Mobilier of America I do not care to sell at
all. I hear that Mr. Bates offered his at $300, but
I do not want Bates to sell out. I think Grimes may
sell a part of his at $350."
This shows the judgment and opinion of
Mr. Ames himself in relation to the value
of that stock. At the very lowest calculation
Mr. Ames considered that stock worth, and it
would have'sold for, double its face; that is,
that every share of $100 would have sold for
$200, if he had chosen to sell it.
Now this brings me to the question, why
was it that Mr. Ames was here about Con-
gress, during those months of December and
January, peddling out his ten shares of stock
in a place to some dozen leading members of
Congress? Was Mr. Ames utterly insensible
to this additional $100 in money that he might
have obtained for each share of that stock,
had he chosen to sell it to somebody else ?
How came his charitable disposition all at
once to be so expanded in favor of members
of Congress? The evidence in the case in
reference to that inquiry, and out of Mr.
Ames's own mouth, is incontrovertible.
In his letters to McComb, as set forth in
the testimony—there are three letters from
Mr._ Ames, written to Mr. McComb, the
earliest of which, is dated January 25, 1868;
that letter was written from Washington—
Mr. Ames was here professedly attending to
his duty as a member of Congress from the
State of Massachusetts. He was here to as-
sist in making laws for the Government of this
nation. But his actual business was the ped-
dling out ten shares of stock in a place to
members of Congress.
Mr. BIGGS. . I desire to ask the gentleman
from Vermont a question. I understand him
to say that Mr. Ames was peddling out stock,
ten and twenty shares together, to leading
members of Congress in order to bribe those
members. Will the honorable gentleman state
whether or not the evidence shows that those
leading members thought Mr. Ames was bribing
them; whether they at that time knew that
the stock was worth two dollars for one, or,
as a gentleman near me suggests, three dollars
for one?
Mr. POLAND. If my friend from Delaware
[Mr. Biggs] wishes to oblige me, he will wait
till I get along to that subject. [Laughter.]
Mr. BIGGS. I will wait patiently.
Mr. POLAND. In this letter of Mr. Ames
to McComb dated January 25, 1868', he goes
into a, detail of his transactions in Washington.
He says:
"I have assigned, so far as I have gone, four from
Massachusetts, onefromNewHampshire, one Dela-
ware, one Tennessee, on§. Ohio, two Pennsylvania,
one Indiana, one Maine; and I have three to place,
which I wish to put where they will do most good
to us. I am here on the spot, and can better judge
where they shall go."
Further on he says:
"The fifty per cent, increase oh the Id stock I
want for distribution here and soon."
In another letter two days after that, a let-
ter dated January 30, 1868, after speaking
about his distribution of stock, he says :
" I have used this where it will do most good to
us, I think. In view of King's letter and Wash-
burne's move here. I go in for making our bond
dividend in full."
In another letter written nearly a month
later, February 22, 1868, the same letter in
which he speaks about the value of the Credit
Mobilier stock as three hundred and eighty or
four hundred dollars per share, he says :
" I want that $14,000 increase of the Credit Mobi-
lier to sell here. We want more friends in Con-
gress ; and if a man will look into the law (and it is
difficult to get them to do it unless they have an in-
terest to do so) he cannot help being convinced that
we should not be interfered with."
It might very naturally be supposed that a
man who has some knowledge about the value
of money, who is not at all averse to getting
and having his share of it, would not sell stock
for $100 a share when he could just as easily
have obtained $200 or $300 or $400 a share
for it. There must have been in the mind of
Mr. Ames some balancing motive which made
him choose to let certain men have this stock
at $100 a share when he could have obtained
from others twice or three times that amount.
But we are not left in the dark upon this point.
The language of Mr. Ames in these letters and
in his testimony explains it.
It should be borne in mind that when Mr.
Ames first came before the committee he came
with a statement prepared by his counsel. It
was not testimony given off-hand, without
knowing the questions that were to be put. It
was a carefully prepared and elaborate state-
ment written out by his lawyer in his closet.
On the twenty-second page of the testimony,
as printed, Mr. Ames goes fully into the con-
dition of things; and we learn from it pre-
cisely the peril which Mr. Ames feared for
himself ana his company. It appears in the
evidence that some of these men made some
question as to whether it would be proper for
them to be holders of this stock, whether it
would in any way interfere with the proper
exercise of their legislative duties as members
of Congress. "No," said Mr. Ames, "we
have got from Congress all we want; we are
not coming to Congress to ask any favors
from them ; it will not interfere with your duty
at all." But in point of fact, although Mr.
Ames told the truth so far as he went, although
the company did not come to Congress asking
any further legislation, having obtained all
they wanted ; yet he tells himself in a very
graphic way, or his counsel tells for him, (and
