758
TH1 CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 21,
on the 3d of September, 1868, to illustrate
how fruitlessly I labored at that time ? But
my seed was not sown on unfruitful ground.
I said:
" To build a large ship that will cost say $96,650 (I
am now quoting an actu'al instance, that of a vessel
that measured thirteen hundred and twenty-seven
tons, new measurement} your wood materials will
cost you $26,950; your iron, $12,400; your composi-
tion and yellow rne'tal, $2,000; your cordage, $11,000;
your other materials, $5,000; your labor, $25,000;
your other expenses, $3,400; and your business
charges, $10,800. I have the details:
Estimate exhibiting the total cost of a Maine-built ship
of thirteen, hundred and twenty-seven ton*, new
measurement, or twelve hundred aad twenty-three
tons, old measurement.
Wood material.
White-oak timber, six hundred tons, for frame
ceiling and beams $12,000
White-oak plank, eighty-two thousand feet... 4,000
Freight on timber  1,600
Surveyor's fees   150
Hard wood, twonty-tbree thousand feet  700
Spruce lumber or lower dcck, twenty-one
th ousand feet „  400
Pine lumber, twenty thousand feet  1,000
Spars  1,400
Pme.decking, fifty-five thousand feet  1,700
White-oak and locust trunnels  1,000
Norway carlans, twelve thousand  400
Spruce plank and cross-bands, twenty-seven
thousand   500
Hackmatack knees, and planing same  1,800
Black-walnut and cherry lumber    100
Total..
$26,750
Iron.
Cast iron  $400
Common and refined English iron for fasten-
ing ship  7j500
Chains and anchors and small chains  4,500
Total  $12,400
Labor.
Carpenters' and fasteners' labor $14,000
•Joiners' labor      4 000
Blacksmiths'  1,700
Painters'  500
Spar-makers'  750
goers'    850
Sail-makers  400
Caulkers' " " \ 300
Carvers' \\\[[\ '300
Watchmen during building  350
Rafting and gondolaing  100
Trucking  100
Ox labor, hauling and hoisting    750
Total   $25,100
T&viile materialt.
Cordage, bolt rope, &o  $400
Hemp and manila  6 500
Oakum 'goo
Duck  3,3(10
81
, Total 411,000
Other materials.
Salt (fur preserving timber#) 
Paints, oils, and glass 
Blocks   
Capstans 
Pumps «   
Binnaclo and compasses   
Three boats 
Water tanks 
Cabin furniture (including bedding) 
Crockery  
,000
800
,000
300
400
160
300
400
5U0
l.)0
Total..
$SOOO
Other uprhncN.
Machinists' bill    $700
Plumber's bill, stock and work  1,000
Ship chandlers' bill    1,700
Total..
$3,400
Business charges.
Taxes—internal revenue taxes on spars and
sails....,  500
County, State, and corporation tnxes ...! 600
BuiJder'scommission (the usual charge, three
to five dollars per ton) for use of yard, for
personal superintendence, <fcc  4 000
Interest account  oVim
Sundry small bills      1*700
Total  $10,800
Let any one estimate the taxes on these
component parts of a ship, he will see why
Maine could not then make a ship of wood
except at a cost of thirty-three per cent, more
than over her border. Men of all parties at
Rath and other parts of Maine confirmed my
figures, as did all the ship-building from Belfast
to the Delaware at that time. These are the
same results arrived at by the great ship- builder
of Boston, Donald McKay. I had embodied
them in my speeches at-that time. They were
correct. The conclusion was that the only
way to encourage ship-building was to remove
the onerous tariff upon those articles which
enter into the construction of ships. The
gentleman did not favor that. Why? Because
Pennsylvania commanded otherwise. I see the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Kellby]
politely bows acquiescence 1
Mr. LYNCH-. I want right here to ask the
gentleman what the result of his mission to
Maine was upon the election-in that State at
the time? [Laughter.]
Mr. COX. The Democrats were defeated
then, as they have been ever since, but it was
more because the preachers preached politics
on Sundays than because our economic politics
were wrong. [Laughter.]
Mr. KELLEY. Oh, no; it was because you
taught free trade.
Mr. COX. No, sir, because the gentleman
from Maine [Mr. Lynch] add several others
here—I have my eye now on a cunning one
from the seaboard toward the border, [Mr.
Hale]—took my suggestions. They actually
credit themselves with them. They tried to
work them up into bills. And now they have
the effrontery to tarn around and say that they
were always free traders as to this matter of
taking off taxes from the articles which enter
into the construction of ships! Was there
ever such audacity of simplicity ?
But, sir, to be serious, men of Maine and
other States were driven by their ship-yards
Their ships were idle; no hammer had been
heard for monthsand years ; hardly a ship had
been built for years, or if any, only two or
three little barks in Portland and elsewhere.
By the stress of business, by the capital in-
volved and wasting, some little was done. The
art, of their former pride before 1860 was one
of the lost arts. Ship-building was a trade to
which youths were no longer apprenticed.
Our old prestige as builders of ships for £he
world was gone._ A-t last, driven by stress of
politics and business, they came to Congress.
They endeavored time and again to revive
commerce according to the Pennsylvania
method. Tbey failed, and at last they caught
up a little free trade, then a little more. They
commenced to modify in one way and then in
another. They had not the couragetothrott.le
these Pennsylvania masters of iron. Unless
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Sheli.abarsbb]
is all at sea in this bill and in hisspeech, those
gentlemen were failures then; for he has said
by bill and speech that all their efforts of last
year by drawback and tariff redactions are so
meager as to be failures. If this be not true,
why is this remarkable bill for subsidies now
before the House? It is an abject confession
of indifference or inefficiency- on the part of
Congress to deal with the grand interest.
In conclusion, I say uuto you that the only
mode given under heaven or among men
whereby shipping may be revived is, as I have
said bofore, either to take off taxes from the
materials which enter into the construction
of those ships, or else allow our merchants
to go where they can buy ships cheapest When
cheaper ships come into American hands, then
our commodities will be sent more econom-
ically all over the world, and then we can buy
at the cheapest rates from abroad all we need
and sell what we have at the best rates. This
will be a consummation of true policy.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. KELLEY obtained the floor.
Mr. COX. I desire to inquire if my amend-
ment is cut oft by the motion to recommit?
The SPEAKER. Pending a motion to
recommit no motion is in order.
Mr. KELLEY. Mr. Speaker, I did not
expect a discussion upon this subject to-day, but
cio not shrink from it, all unprepared as 1 am
J he gentleman from New York [Mr. Cox]
said in the course of his remarks that we can
do nothing but mourn over our commerce.
Sir, it shows that he has failed to make him-
self familiar with its extent and growth when
he tells us that he finds in its condition a source
of mourning* The commerce of the Ameri-
can people has never grown in a quarter of a,
century as it lias in- the last decade. We are
not yet seven years from the war which swept
from the ocean those instruments of onr com-
merce, the ships that had borne our flag to
foreign parts, and we are again marching on
toward our old ascendency in the carrying
trade of the world.
What is commerce? It is the interchange
of thought. But in its technical sense it is the
interchange-of commodities between peoples,
the interchange, to mutual advantage, of their
productions, and it is the carrying of those
commodities, whether the people be of the
same State or of alien communities. A mo-
ment's reference in my room will enable me
to bring to the attention of the gentleman the
figures taken from the British customs com-
missioners and from our own Treasury statis-
tics, to show,him that for the last'five years
oor-exports have increased in greater percent-
age than those of the commercial queen of the
world,. Great Britain j and that our imports
from foreign lands (and it is of those I speak
now) have also increased in a ratio greater
than hers; whereby a mathematician may
compute with almost the certainty with which
an eclipse or the coming of a comet may be
ascertained, the time when the exports to and
the imports from foreign countries by the
United States shall be greater than those of
Great Britain.*
* In the course of a speech delivered ija San i'mu-
cisco on the 13th of last August I said r
, But now, men of San Francisco, bow shall lac-
count tor the decline of commerce? Mrs. Glass, in
 Jays down a sound maxim, which is
that it is well to catch your salmon before you cook
it, and ! hav« busied myself to-day somewhat amone
books m libraries, public and private, and I am dis-
posed to catoh the salmon before I begin to cook it
and lpropose to turn hero to a few figures. Is Ameri-
can commerce declining? What is commerce? But
before I answer that question, let me say that I
recognize the commercial supremacy of Great Brit-
ain. Her ships are on every sea; her language is
heard on every island and her flag is seen in every
§2 .a "tie is the queen of the ocean commercially
pne does not like to encounter the stars and stripes
tL ^e' b°caus0 th® flag of England -has paled be-
r 4 Vlose s-,taJ? whenever they havecome ill contact.
[Applause. I isut commercially her supremacy is
{i?t1l\PU fr'^nd would probably be a
h$vSI™TSP8' .'l I,?£reJ0.sh.°lW'illim'as I mean todo
before I close, that the United'States are overtaking
S&V'n ?-rea$ strid®?> a?d that men are before me
of th?BnUn-d &s®8t^ daymen the foreis;n t d
ot the United States will exceed that of Great Brit-
tld ^reat ?nl!lin does that of the Uni-
ted States. [Applause.] I hare only been able to
«mi?5 : the JVOTUsa-nd importsinto Great Brit-
am, embracing home, colonial, and foreign «-ooils
toSof tKnS&JFS *Let' "J comiwre ^"wHh
Lh' eu^n'!ted States, and see which is declin-
ing or which is increasing most rapidly. The ton*]
In 1870 U Wte n«™S foV.1868 was £294.-160,214.
of twenty-four and forty-two hundredths per cent
annum 0 twenty-one hundredths per cent., per
I " st!'ikes me that twelve and twenty-ono
™ln?tbs 'fe fi'lf Jly more one and aha"?
shows ui-Snfhyaet ^e*K .e °-f Art>eri<ia-n commerce
1S Ration of fche growth of
the ywiws
seven and eighteen hundredths per cent or%?v
shghtly over three and a half percent.per'annum
"inYsro'tSSTsio3oU,ni &etSt" ^1868;
andWee hondrX slfgftlToVef firo
nffpe'rleriXeStBriS1 asa™st thre(!  
Do you perceive, gentlemen, anv decline nf
SS1ble?rBnt fcfcn^fodk'a^t'he ^xt^^ar^i'cooTd
hi.inoreaS6 ot esportswas four and fortv-nm*
hundredths per cent., and of imports seventeen ml
eleven hundredths per cent, during that year In
the words, we arc Readily inurehmg on to suprem
