760
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 21,
and further reduce the market price of agri-
cultural productions."
But what are we doing to counterbalance
the effect of this influx of farmers ? Why, sir,
we protectionists, whom the gentleman from
New York derides, insist upon it that the ships
that carry our internal commerce shall be
built by those who feed on American produce
and wear American fabrics, of material gath-
ered from the wealth of our forests by Ameri-
can, laborers who are not farmers; that, they
shall be built by the aid of coal mined from
the bosom of our earth, of iron smelted from
ores dug from our own mines, of lumber cut
by the American forester, who shall be the
consumer of your agricultural products; and
they shall be equipped, if they be steamers,
with engines built by American skill and
energy, whose builders and their families will
make a market for your corn and other pro-
ductions. We say further, that we will thus
create a market for your productions by stimu-
lating the construction of vessels for foreign
trade, and by securing to them equal chauces
oil the ocean with the subsidized ships of
England, France, and Germany.*
This is our proposition. But that of the gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. Cox] is, let your
merchants buy ships where they can buy tliem
cheapest, whether they be for local or ioreign
trade ; shut up your ship-yards ; close your
mines ; silence your forges, furnaces, and roll-
iug-mills ; and drive the workmen who are
earning an honest competency in them into
agriculture ; let them, too, avail themselves of
the benefit of the homestead law. We say,
no; diversify your industry, so that there shall
be free trade, trade absolutely free between the
American people of all sections of your coun-
try; so that you shall give, by the unlimited
diversity of your occupations, profitable em-
ployment to every gilt, every quality of the
minds of your people, that not only their
muscles, but that all their faculties may find
employment, and enforced by modern ma-
chinery and steam power shall add to the
wealth of the people and the power and inde-
pendence of the nation to which they belong.
* In the course of the introduction to a volume of
mj;addresses and lotters published in 18711 said-
fradois most froowhon there is a,n active and
remunerative demand for all tho commodities that
can be produced, and this is when the peoplo are su
generally employed,in remunerative pursuits that
the number steadily increases of thoso who by their
earnings can, while supplying themselves and fam-
ilies with the average necessaries and conveniences
provided, by modern civilization, accumulate suffi-
cient capital to enable them to change their business
or vicinage as inclination, hoalth, or circumstances
may dictate. In other words, trade is most free
when the greatest number of people aro able to buy
or sell, to work or rest, to spend money in travel or
lor a cov.eted luxury, or to deposit tho amount re-
quired for this in a, savings bank or purchase there-
with an interest-bearing bond. The authors from
whoso works most of tho notes by which I have en-
forced thedoctrinos of my addresses and letters have
been taken prove that the number of the people of
England, Ireland, Scotland, and Wales who enjoy
theso conditions is steadily diminishing; that there
arc more than a million inhabitants of these coun-
tries who are vagrants and more than another mil-
lion who aro paupers, and that this in no t because they
were born to pauperismand vagrancy, hntbecause at
least m a large majority of cases, they cannot get
work whereby they may earn tho moans ol inde-
pendent subsistence. As freedom from customs
•SiIS8rt ♦not ,9stll|?''8h free trade, it has not en-
abled them to sell or buy freely. On tho other hand,
the farmers of Minnesota, Iowa, Nebraska, Kansas
a! Arkansas find that there is such asur-
plusof tood in the world that their trade is greatly
thorolo6,?/ JUavm,Sali raised grain and livestock,
there is no chance for commerce between them, and
though wo are importing vastly more foreign goods
than ever before, they cannot find a market for their
productions at prices that will reimburse the cost of
production. IhescStaiesaboundin theoresof iron
copper, lead, zinc, nickel, and other metals, and in
^7 r~PiTe/'' -y al1 rai3e W001' some of
them cotton, and Arkansas is a natural silk field, in
every quarter of which the mulberry tree is indigen-
ous ; but these exhaustless stores of the elements
f-rwej i ' HIV 'he forees whereby they may be
utilized, have been neglected. Had they been largely
appropriated, thero would be no glut in tho gram
markets of these States. Trade throughout thoir
limits would be both freo and active. Many of the
vagrants and paupeis of England have the skill to
mine and smelt orefc; to convert them into wares; to
This is the contrast between the two theories;
between the doctrines of the gentlemen who
have elaborated and presented this bill and
those who plead for the application to the
affairs of the people of the United States of
the obsolete teachings of Wayland and other
dogmatic political economists, whose pre-
tended science is based on assumptions, but
which has yielded to the influence of a system
of social science whose theories are based
on the observation of facts and the severest
inductions from experience.
We will not let you build! Will we not?
Why, sir, the last Treasury report shows that
in the whole country but twelve thousand tons
of iron steamers were built in the year it re-
ports. We will not let you build! Sir, Wil-
liam Cramp & Sons are building twelve thou-
sand tons in four ships for foreign commerce
in their yard at Philadelphia. John Roach
& Son, at Chester, about thirteen miles from
Cramps's yard, are building twenty five thou-
sand tons of iron steamers for foreign com
merce. John Wood & Son, on the opposite
side of the river in New Jersey, assured me,
through their junior partner, that they are full
of contracts for foreign commerce, and that
they can take no more contracts at present.
So, too, with Harlan & Hollingsworth, at Wil-
mington, Delaware; they are also crowded with
orders. And while I was at home for the holi-
days the Cramps took a contract to put upon
the ways, as the successor of the first ship they
shalllaunch, an iron steamer of fifteen hundred
tons burden for foreign commerce. I affirmed
whereof 1 knew when, interrupting the gentle-
manfrotu New York, [Mr. Cox,] I said that of
all our diverse industries there is none growing
in so great a ratio this year as iron ship-build-
ing ; and, sir, 1 have it from the owners of these
yards in New Jersey, Delaware, and Pennsyl-
vania that now, having their yards established
and stocked with machinery and supplied with
competent workmen, they can build ships as
cheaply as they can be built on the Clyde, if
due allowance be made for the superiority of
American iron ; that is to say, that the supe-
riority is greater than the disparity in the cost
spin wool, cotton, and si Ik—weavo them into fabrics,
and color them with exquisite skill and taste.
Lan we not, in lieu of homesteads, offer such of
their skilled countrymen as still have the ability to
come, steady work at such generous wages as will
tempt a million or two of them—miners, smelters
engineers, machinists, spinners, weavers, dyers and
other classes of artisans—to como arid open' the
mines ol those States, build and work furnaces
forges, rolling-mills, and factories ? This would not
only give their farmers free trade, but, by building
up towns, and requiring local railroads, quadruple
tho price of every acre they own. This can only be
dono by putting protection on the foundation of a
settled policy, for who will invest capital in mine*
nulls. Ol furnaces to stand idle wlnlo we go abroad'
for our wares and fabrics? Or why should intelli-
gent artisans como here to be idle, or work for such
wages as they can earn at home ? The farmer
should have a libeial price for his grain, but to live
well and omoy free trade ho must lot others live not
grudging the laborer generous wages for his-work
or withholding from enterprise and capital just
guarantees ol a tair return for their efforts at devel-
op"® the resources of a new country. Could a
million Iinglish people, the adults being, not farm-
ers, but miners, smelters, machinists, engme-build-
ers, spinners, weavers,dyers,and artisansgcnerallv
be induced to settle in the States I have named and
pursue thoir respective callings, the glut in the
grain market would soon disappear, and the freest
trade would prevail between them and the farmers
JJy the preemption and homestead laws we are
tempting agricultural immigrants to come by tens
of thousands annually to increase our production of
grain and live stock. Protection to high wages is
needed to bring other classes. The homestead on
which nothing marketable can be raised will Drove
but a poor boon to the immigrant. And by pro-
moting the immigration of artisans weshouldrendor
to the impoverished masses of England the highest
service. By making prosperous American citizens
of a million of them weshould improve the chances
m hfo of those who remained behind. The pros-
perity that would result from the infusion of such
IP lmrS1pati°n in'° even the remotely interior
fVC named woulil luicken the trade of
England; for a prosperous people always consume
trfesy'Theefwil Vn„°f m<T? P"WoF .£5Su
rflJ; ' °" y sat!siy their wants, but
Matiij then desires; and our importations arp nl-
anTLS0'St'Wh™'""lofProteoUvedu?S, our labor
and machinery aro most fully employed."
of building, and will more than compensate
for the difference of the cost in money.* Nor
is this prosperity confined to the yards of the
locality to which I have referred. In an article
on this subject in the current number of the
Penn Monthly, Mr. Lor in Blodget says:
"New vessel? on the Delaware have made a splen-
did growth, such as no Clyde experience can exceed,
and their prospects for 1873 are exceptionally bril-
liant. Still more satisfactory, in one sense, has been
the renewal of wooden ship-building in every yard
of the East from Boston to Calais, and the construc-
tion there of sometwo hundred vessels of an aggre-
gate of seventy-live thousand toss, of the best new
forms for trade in that section, chiefly three-masted
schooners. And so quietly has this work been taken
up and carried forward that it bursts upon us in
statistical results in the first instance, and in a gen-
eral expression of exultation over work already
done; not a promise of something which some dis-
aster might still defeat in execution."
Sir, there was a day when we imported our
locomotives, but it has passed. The firm of
Matthew Baldwin & Co. began the work, and
turned out five engines in the first year. It
was often embarrassed, it often needed indul-
gence from parties making contracts to
complete engines within a given time; but it
did its work well. Mr. Baldwin has gone to
his rest, but the Baltimore Locomotive Works
in the hands of his successors turn out on an
average an engine and a half for every work-
ing day in the year, and they are building
engines for Russia and for Finland. Having
competed with England, France, and Ger-
many, they got a contract to ship from our
inland port of Philadelphia a large number of
engines for some of the railroads of Russia,
and one also to supply engines for railroads
in Finland. Let us protect our ship-yards.
Let us gather, as we are doing by our high
wages, skilled workmen from the ship-yards
of England, France, and Germany upon the
banks of our own rivers, and the day is not so
far distant that each and all of us may not hope
to see it, when we shall export ships and beat
old Mother England in the markets of the
world in that means of transportation, as we
are now doing with locomotives, and as we
have done with spades, with surgical instru-
ments, with pitchforks, and with every species
of trap and most agricultural implements
needed by the Cauadian or the Australian set-
tler, including, as I had occasion to show in the
last Congress from parliamentary tables, thirty
odd classes of goods chiefly made of metal.
Give to our workmen, our capital, oar enter-
prise, our genius the markets of the United
States, and they will so perfect their processes
that, having produced a surplus it will over-
flow the limits of our country and create a for-
eign commercein competition with the cheapest
nations of the world.
It is the great home market that pays for
the first, production of new styles, patterns,
and inventions, and it was by sending their
surplus abroad, after the cost of original pro-
t,uc"°n b.efn paid by the home market,
that the iinghsh producers were enabled to
keep us in the condition of a mere agricultural
people unti the war forced protection upon
us and developed our resources. Eight hun-
dred thousand tons of iron was formerly the
measure of our country's production. It
reached one year nine hundred thousand tons,
but ,t dropped the next to seven hundred
thousand, and for a long decade the average
was eight hundred thousand tons
for °f m} °ame' The war demand
<W1 'And at the end of another
decade our product,™ was two million tons.
And duung the very last year, the reports are
not ye ,t |.aa b0en at ^ ^ J"®
seven hundred thousand tons.
® tpnna8® of the iron steamers built in the Tlni-
ted btates in each yearsince 1867, has been as follows;
In   
In 18(W. 
In 1870 
In 1871   
In 1872 
.... 2,801
... 3,545
... 7,602
 15,480
 12 6ti(i
