1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1721
or Mr. Neilson. Indeed, so little did they know
about Charles H. Neilson that when that
stock was entered on thebooksit waa doubtless
entered in the name of Mr. Brooks.
In two places on the stock ledger it was so
entered, and the name of Mr. Brooks in both
places has been erased on the ledger and the
name of Mr. Neilson written over it. So it was
undoubtedly they knew so little of there being a
man named Mr. Neilson that his name never
entered into the transaction until he got the
certificate. That stock was paid for by turn-
ing over the portion of the dividend which
caine at the same time. These past dividends
were paid and received by Mr. Neilson with
the certificate when he went to receive it.
Four thousand dollars of bonds in fifty shares
of stock were left with Mr. Dillon as collat-
eral security for §5,000 and a little interest
paid upon it, for fifty shares of stock. Mr.
Neilson when first before the committee testi-
fied he never paid this money to Mr. Dillou,
that he supposed Mr. Brooks had paid the
money for it; that he had never paid for it.
When we get to Mr. Brooks, he says he never
paid for it; Dillon says that he had his pay, and
as he cannot find these collaterals left with him
he supposes he sold them and paid himself
out of the proceeds. So the result is that the
fifty shares paid for themselves with the divi-
dends which came with them—more than paid
for the stock when it was received.
But I must hasten on with this history. It
ran on until June, when there was a dividend
of sixty per cent, in money on the stock of
the Credit Mobilier. Nine thousand dollars
was received in cash, the only money dividend
upon this stock. It was drawn by Mr. Neilson,
as the stock was in his name, but that very
day that §9,000 went into the till of Mr.
Brooks. It paid this loan he had made in
paying for these shares of stock, excepting
§1,000. Neilson said Mr. Brooks then had
§16,000 in Union Pacific bonds, which he held
as collateral security for the payment of that
$1,000 which was left of the loan. Mr. Brooks
continued to hold 516,000 of bonds as security
for the payment of it subsequently.
Neilson within the last year has borrowed
§14,000 of Mr. Brooks ; so that he owes him
now pretty nearly the amount of the collateral.
But for four years, from 1868 to 1872, Mr.
Brooks, according to his story and the testi-
mony of his son-in law, Neilson, was holding
as agasnst him §16,000 of collateral security
to secure a debt uf $1,000.
[Here the hummer fell.]
Mr. POLAND. I shouldlike'with the indul-
gence of the House to have half an hour longer.
Mr. POTTER. I move that the gentleman
from Vermont be allowed to continue his
remarks.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection,
the gentleman's time will be extended.
There was no objection.
Mr. POLAND. Mr. Speaker, it was claimed
by Mr. Neilson, and it was also testified to by
Mr. Brooks, that the Union Pacific stock that
was received in dividends upon these shares
had gone into the hands of the son-in-law, Mr.
Neilson. We had no evidence upon the sub-
ject except the testimony of these two men:
and therefore we do not feel that we should be
justified in believing that it is not as they
state. But this son-in-law ot Mr. Brooks is
nnt, as we heard here upon a former occasion,
a regular stock dealer. That is not his busi-
ness. He is a kind of amateur stock dealer.
He deals a little in some kinds of stock. That
Mr. Brooks should allow him to tryhis hand
to practice upon this Union- Pacific stock,
which nobody seems to have treated as of
very high value, does not seem to be very re-
markable. considering the relations between
them. But the cash, the money that was re-
ceived, the Union Pacific railroad bonds that
u,-re received, am thing that had a solid and
iirm \alue that come from this stock, went into
Mr. Brooks's own pocket. That was the
case with this Union Pacific stock, and they
issued it in quantities to suit purchasers and
takers. Almost everybody who wanted any
had as much as he wanted; and Mr. Brooks
allowed that to be turned over and dealt with
and speculated upon by this son-in-law ; and
that seemed to have been about all .the real
connection Mr. Neilson had with it.
Without taking any more time, Mr. Speaker,
in reference to the history of this matter in
relation to Mr. Brooks, I ask, are the commit-
tee justified in finding that these fifty shares of
stock were yielded to Mr. Brooks in conse-
quence of his official position as a member of
Congress and as a Government director? All
claim that he had upon anybody was on
Durant. Whatever that was, either legal or
moral, Durant had settled with him, paying
him liberally. What power was Mr. Brooks
able to bring upon Mr. Dillon and all the
stockholders of this committee, in consequence
of which they gave him for $5,000 fifty shares
of stock that were then worth $20,000. '
I will say in reference to Mr. Brooks as I
say in reference to Mr. Ames, and as I say in
reference to all these men, they are not men
that are careless about their dollars; they
know a dollar when they see it. They are
none of them men who want to throw away
anything without receiving something for it.
They are none of them men who would want
to throw away ten or fifteen thousand dollars.
None of them felt that kind of generosity to
Mr. Brooks that induced them to give him
stock for $5,000 that was worth $20,000. What
was the motive? What was the motive, Mr.
Speaker? They were not more tttan other
people acting without motive.
We had a witness before the committee who
testified, who swore expressly that he heard a
conversation between Mr. Brooks and Mr.
John B. Alley, wherein Mr. Brooks declared,
and declared more than once, that he either
was or would procure himself to be made a
Government director; and that as he was a
Member of Congress he would take care of the
Democratic side of this House. Now, sir, I
know that Mr. Brooks and..Mr. Alley both
denied this. Upon this naked proposition,
if there was nothing else about it, we should
not feel justified intielieving McComb against
Alley and Brooks both. But that that was
said to somebody—it may have been that Mr.
McComb may have been mistaken as to whether
this conversation was between Mr. Brooks
and Mr. Alley—but that there was such con-
versation between Mr. Brooks and somebody
I just as firmly believe as that I stand here in
your presence. It is utterly incomprehen-
sible—the thing cannot be explained upon any
of those grounds or motions that govern the
actions of men upon any other hypothesis.
The action of Mr. Brooks was all corre-
spondent with that, so that the committee, upon
this evidence, upon the evidence of Mr. Alley
and this evidence of Mr. McComb in reference
to what he heard Mr. Brooks say—and it may
be that it was not said to Mr. Alley—and upon
all this train of circumstances we travel on at
an even pace to the plain and irresistible con-
clusion that these men yielded to this demand
of Mr. Brooks because they feared to offend
against his official power. If it was so, Mr.
Brooks knew that it was so. It is utterly im
possible under the circumstances that the fact
could have existed without Mr. Brooks know-
ing it.
The act of 1863, punishing offences of this
kind, punishes every man who gives or prom-
ises with intent to influence the action of a
member of Congress or a Government officer,
and punishes also every man who receives; it
does not say with what intent he receives it,
but of course it must be an unlawful intent.
What is the fair meaning of that statute?
Does if mean that the-receiver must make a
corrupt agreement or promise that he will carry
it out? 1'hat, I apprehend, is not a correct
understanding of the law.
But, sir, if a man receives a gift or present
for the purpose of influencing his official con-
duct as a member, knowing that that is the in-
tent of the giver, it is an unlawful act. The
evidence in this case is abundantly sufficient to
establish that intent on Mr. Brooks' part.
Every member of the committee believed so,
and I think every member of the House ought
to do so.
A word more in relation to the Government
directorship. The committee believed that
if Mr. Brooks was guilty as a Government
director of this corporation of corruption in
office, it was a good cause for his expulsion
from this House, and before I get through I
will have a word to say in reference to the
question raised in the argument of the gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] in this
case yesterday, in relation to the time when
the act was committed. Was he guilty of any
corruption in office? On the 1st of October
he received his appointment as Government
director, and there is no evidence that he ever
intended or signified to anybody, in the slight-
est degree, that he did not intend to accept
and hold that office, and as early as January
we find him acting officially in the meetings
of the company. Here was a contract entered
into after he became a Government director;
that was completed, and the unlawful machin-
ery was set up after he became a Government
director.
He said in his testimony that he never
looked at that contract, and did not regard it
as his duty to do so. The committee say that
it was his business; that he ought to have
looked at it; that it was official negligence if
he failed to look at it; and we believe he did
look at it and understood it just as well as the
other men concerned in this business. We
say that it was in consequence of the comple-
tion of that machinery that there was a sudden
increase in the value of Credit Mobilier stock.
We believe he did know it, and that knowing
it he put himself in a position to share in the
spoils of that which he was set by law and by
the Government to protect and care for. The
committee hold that the facts abundantly
prove this official misconduct on the part of
Mr. Brooks ; and we hold that as a matter of
law it is good and sufficient ground for his ex-
pulsion as a member of Congress.
But. Mr. Speaker, these transactions took
place five years ago; they took place in the
Fortieth Congress. It has been said elsewhere
and said here, and it was urged at great length
in something called a report of the Judiciary
Committee, yesterday, that Congress had no
jurisdiction over a matter of this kind, or to
punish a member for something done prior to
-the commencement of his official term as a
member.
Now. Mr. Speaker, the committee differ en-
tirely with that gentleman and with the few
indorsers he has got whom he called members
of the Judiciary Committee. [Laughter] We
differ toto ccelo on these points m relation to
the law of this subject. That never was the
law, and I trust in God it never will be. that it
is ever to be held in this country that the vilest
Criminal, a murderer even, who has concealed
his crime from the public until he has gothim-
! self elected a member of this House, can come
j in here and sit by the side of such Christian
i gentlemen as come here from Massachusptts,
' [laughter;] that we have no power to expel
; such a man, but must associate with him and
' take him to our bosoms as an associate law-
maker of this nation.- I believe no such ab-
surditv. And no ingenuity of the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Bctler] or of any-
body else can ever make the honest, intelligent
people of this country believe that that is the
law. Why, sir. it needed the man who was
the inventor of the Credit Mobilier machinery
to have devised such a doctrine.
It was said in the paper that was read to
the House yesterday that there were no prece-
dents, that the uniform doctrine had been in
