THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 22,
Addison Goodell, of Illinois—to the Commit-
tee oir Pablic Lands.
A bill (H. B. No. 8101) providing for the
sale of timbered lands to settlers upon, and
owners of tmtimbered lands—to the Commit-
tee on Pablic Lands.
A'bill (iH. B. No. 3610) to authorize the
payment of the census takers in I860—to the
Committee on the Revision of the Laws of the
Uniteii States*
A biH (H. R. No. 861S); to repeal an act
entitled "An act to establish a uniform sys-
tem of bankruptcy throughout the United
States," and all acts amendatory thereof—to
the Committecon the Judiciary.
Ahill (H. R. No. 3611) to remove the polit-
ical disabilities of Shelton P. Leake, of Albe-
marle county, Virginia—to the select C'om-
mitee on the Removal of Political Disabilities.
A bill(H. R. No. 3612) to relieve the dis-
abilities of W. R. Boggs, of Missouri—to the
sdeetf .Committee on the Removal of Political
Disabilities.
A bill (H. R. No. 3615) donating condemned
catandn and cannon-balls to the Wyoming
County Soldiers' Monument Association—to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
revenue steambr moccasin.
The joint resolution (EL R. No. 184) ten-
dering the thanks of Congress to Captain
Da,viat Ritchie, commanding the revenue
steamer Moccasin, and the officers and men
under, his command, was read twice by its title.
Mr. FENTON. If there be no objection,
and I am sure there will not be any, I ask that
that joint resolution of thanks be considered
and passed now.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The joint
resolution will be read at length for informa-
tion, subject to objection.
The Chief Clerk read the joint resolution.
It tenders the thanks of Congress to Cap-
tain David Ritchie, commanding the revenue
steamer Moccasin, and the officers and men
under his command, for their heroic and hu-
mane action in saving the lives of forty-two
human beings and rescuing seventeen dead
bodies from the wreck of the steamer Metis,
on the waters of Long Island sound, on the
morning'of the 31st of August, 1872.
Mr. FENTON. I have consulted with the
chairman of the Committee on Naval Affairs,
and he has no desire to have this resolution
referred. I therefore ask that it be passed
now.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If it is to
be referred it should be referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce, as it relates to the rev-
enue marine service. The Chair understands
objection to be mado to the present consider-
ation of the joint resolution.
Mr. FENTON. No, sir. I said Ihad con-
ferred with the chairman of the Committee on
Naval Affairs on the subject, and that he had
no desire to have it referrod.
Mr. CHANDLER. I wish to inquire if the
Senator is conversant with the facts as set
forth in that resolution. I should not like to
give a vote of thanks of Congress unless the
facts have been examined and reported upon.
I think perhaps the matter had better be re-
ferred to the Treasury Department before the
resolution is passed, that we may ascertain
•whether the facts are as set forth in the reso-
lution. If they are within the personal knowl-
edge of the Senator, I shall have no objection.
Mr. FENTON. I have no desire to ask
that this resolution be put on its passage if
the chairman of the Committee on Commerce
or any other Senator desires to haveitreferred.
; Mr. CHANDLER. No, I do not if the
facts are within the Senator's own knowledge.
Mr. FENTON. I am conversant with the
facta as set forth in the resolution. The noble
conduct of Captain Ritchie upon the occasion
referred to in the resolution was very widely
published throughout the country at the time.
It was last August that the steamer Metis, in
passing trp, Long Island sound, on its way to
Stonington. 1 think, just before day, was run
•into by a schooner, and in the course of fifteen
or twenty minutes she went down, endangering
the:lives of all the: passengers. : The revenue
steamer Moccasin was in the neighborhood,
and Captain, Ritehie immediately engaged in
the rescue of the passengers, devoting himself
with roost humane and , earnest effort, con-
fronted by danger, and' suffering, during the
day to that work, and finally saving the lives
of forty-two persons and rescuing a number
of dead bodies, as set forth in the resolution.
It may also be stated in this connection that
Captain Ritchie performed gallant service dur-
ing the late civil war.
Mr. CHANDLER. The Senator's state-
ment is entirely satisfactory. I do not wish
the joint resolution referred. I mike no ob-
jection to its present consideration. ■
The joint resolution was considered as in
Committee of the Whole ; and no amendment
being made, it was reported to the Senate,
ordered to a third reading; read the third time,
and passed. - :<
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. SPRAGUE presented the petition
of the Temple of Honor of Rhode Island,
signed by its officers, praying for the prohibi-
tion of the manufacture, importation, and sale
of all intoxicating liquors to be used as a
beverage in the Territories of the United States
and in the District of Columbia ; which was
ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. JOHNSTON presented the petition of
Nancy Hicks, widow of John Hicks, a soldier
of the war of 1812, praying to be allowed a
pension; which was referrexl to the Commit-
tee on Pensions.
He also presented a petition of citizens, of
the State of Virginia, praying that a grant of
money be made to the American Printing-
House for the Blind, and the American Uni-
versity for the Blind, located in the District,
of Columbia; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia.
Mr. SCOTT presented the petition of John
Eveland, a private of company I, one hun-
dred 'and forty third regiment Pennsylvania
volunteers, praying to be allowed a pension ;
which was referred to the Committee oil
Pensions.
He also presented the memorial of Good
Templars of the State of Pennsylvania, signed
by S. B. Chase, president, asking, for a com
mission of inquiry concerning the traffic in
intoxicating liquors, and restrictive and pro-
hibitory legislation for the suppression of
intemperance; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Revision of the Laws of the
United States.
He also presented the memorial of the
Independent Order of Good Templars of West
Grove Lodge of the State of Pennsylvania,
signed by its officers, asking for a commission
of inquiry concerning the results of the traffic
in intoxicating liquors, and of restrictive and
prohibitory legislation for the suppression of
intemperance; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Revision of the Laws of the
United States.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
Pennsylvania, late soldiers in the Army of the
United States, praying for the passage of the
bounty land bill known as the Holman amend-
ment; which was referred to the Committee
on Public Lands.
Mr. WILSON presented the petition of
Isaac A. Morris, of Arkansas, praying for
compensation for machinery sold by the Gov-
ernment as abandoned property, amounting to
$10,000, with interest from March 1, 1864, to
January 1, 1873; which was referred to the
Committee on Claims.
Mr. WILSON. I also present the memorial, •
containing also a resolution, of the late
women's convention in this city, signed by
Susan B. Anthony, president, Matilda Joslyn
Gage," chairman of the executive committee,
and Elizabeth CadyStanton, praying Congress
to enact appropriate legislation during its
present session to protect women citizens in
the several States of the Union in their right
to vote. I move its reference to the Commit-
tee on the-Revision* of the Laws of the United
States.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. COLE; I'present the petition of Mur-
phy, Grant & Co., Milton S. Latham, and many
other veryinfluential citizens of San Francisco,
representing a large amount of capital, as it is
stated some $75,000,000, setting forth that,
"believing that the adoption of the postal tel-
egraph system asrecomihended by Postmaster
General Creswell in his annual report would
prove to be of great benefit to the entire busi-
ness community throughout the United States,
and especially in this State, (California,) in-
creasing the facilities of communication be-
tweendistant points, thus aiding in developing
trade between them, we, the undersigned mer-
chants. and citizens of San Francisco, Cali-
fornia, respectfully pray your honorable body
to adopt a bill carrying out the ideas recom-
mended'in said report." It is very seldom,
Mr. President, that a petition sighed by more
influential names is presented to either branch
of Congress, and I ask that it be referred to
the Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads,
unless the subject is now before the Senate,
and in that case it should lie on the table.
Mr. RAMSEY. What is it?
Mr. COLE. A petition in relation to the
postal telegraph.
Mr. RAMSEY. That petition need not be
referred to the committee. The committee
have made their report.
_ Mr. COLE. Then I move that the petition
lie on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan, presented a
memorial of the Board of Trade of Detroit,
Michigan, praying for an additional appro-
priation for the improvement of the harbor of
Sandusky, Ohio; which was referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
Mr. WEST presented the memorial of the
Chamber of Commerce of the city of New
Orleans, Louisiana, praying that the national
Government assume the construction and care
of the levees of the Mississippi river; which
was referred to the select Committee on the
Levees of the Mississippi River, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. BOIIEMAN presented resolutions of
the Legislature of the State of West Virginia,
providing for the transfer ot' certain rights and
franchises of the State of West Virginia to the
United States for the construction of a canal
in that State; which were referred to the select
Committee on Transportation Routes to the
Seaboard, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. SHERMAN presented a petition of
citizens of Ohio, late soldiers in the Army, ■
praying for the passage of the bill entitled ' 'An
act to enable honorably discharged soldiers
and sailors, their widows and orphan children
to acquire homesteads on the public lands of
the United States;" which was referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
Niles, Ohio, late soldiers of the United States
Army praying for the passage of the bounty
land billj which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lauds.
t fr'trSfW?EBl PresentetI the petition of
John tlolroya, praying compensation for cer-
tain inventions and improvements in studs
for Cham cables used by the Government:
which was referred to the Committee on Naval
Atiairs. ' -
Mr. BUCKINGHAM presented the petition
of Brigadier General Samuel Ross, a retiied
Army officer, concerning the rank and pay
of retired officers, &c.; which was referred to
the Committee on Military Affair=
