1722
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 25,
the English Parliament and in this country
that you could not expel a man for an offense
that was committed prior to his election to
Parliament or to Congress. I assert there is
not a single precedent the other way in Eng-
land or in this country, not a single prece-
dent either in England or in this country
for any such doctrine as that laid down by the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Butme]
in that report.
Now, the case in Parliament that has been
most talked about in this country, more than
any other, is the famous case of John Wilkes.
Now, that case does not determine anything of
the kind claimed. Wilkes was expelled from
Parliament for publishing a libel of the min-
istry, aud it was not any worse than some
things said by papers nowadays. I say he was
expelled from Parliament for a libel. He was
reelected by his constituents, and again ex-
pelled, and a third time reelected. Finally he
was expelled under a resolution declaring that
he should not be eligible for election. And
when he was elected a fourth time, they said :
"We have by our resolution of expulsion ren-
dered you ineligible for election; you cannot
be a candidate; votes that are given you are
void and must be thrown out. And although
your coinju'iitor received only [a mere hand-
ful of votes, he will be entitled to the seat."
Although Mr. Wilkes received some fourteen
or fifteen hundred votes, and his competitor
received' but two or three hundred, Colonel
Luttrell was given the seat.
Now, the doctrine that was contended for by
those in opposition, the liberals of that day, was
that one house of Parliament had no right to
create disqualificationsol'candidates; that the
qualifications of candidates must be declared
by law; that one house alone, although it had
the right to expel a member for any cause it
saw tit to allege, could not change the law
and make any change of law, a.nd declare
any man ineligible to any office. Against that
doctrine, and about all that I have found
time to read upon that subject in the discus-
sions of that day, are the letters of Junius.
He was undoubtedly the most celebrated of
the liberal writers of that period. What he
contended against was the want of power on
the part of the House of Commons to alter
the law so as to make a man ineligible. And
the whole result of the expunging resolution,
some, years afterward passed, was only to wipe
out that doctrine. In discussing that subject
the author of the previous letters, whoever lie
may be, (1 believe that question ia not decided
even yet,) says that although expulsion cannot
be made a ground of ineligibility, yet the cause
for which a man is expelled may be of such a
character that he would deserve expulsion as
often as he should be elected. And he ex-
pressly conceded that- the House of Commons
" would have the power to again expel the man
for the same cause for which he was originally
expelled, aud to expel him as qften as he
should be elected.
Mr. BISCK, of Kentucky. I desire at this
time to ask the gentleman from Vermont, [Mr.
POT.ANU,] if he will allow rue a question upon
the point he is now making ; because my point
of difficulty grows out of the question of juris-
diction over members because of notorious bad
conduct prior to election. My question is this:
the gentleman, from Vermont and myself
were members of the Fortieth Congress. Mr.
Bowen, of South Carolina—I mention that one
case—presented himself at the bar of the
House to be sworn in as a member. Mr.
Mullins, of Tennessee,, a Republican mem-
ber, rose in his place and said, among other
things:
" While acting as major (in the confederate army)
my information is that he (Bowen) killed his rebel
colonel. Of that I do not complain. Hewas arrested,
tried, and imprisoned. While in prison the Federal
Army came along and of course broke his fetters."
* -*• "He turned to the loyal side and
while in the federal Army, acting in some capacity,
as General Sickles himself told me, he did so bad
that he had to be incarcerated again. Then he
turned around and became a swift advocate for the
black man's pay."
Almost instantly after these charges of rob-
bery and murder were made against this man,
who Was known to be a bigamist, he was sworn
in, and no member of this House ever dared
to move to expel him, notwithstanding all the
crimes charged upon him on the floor. Why
was not that done ? The gentleman from Ver-
mont was here then. I thought we were dis-
graced by the presence of many men, white
and black, of infamous character, sent here
from the reconstructed States. But I never
knew how to get clear of th'em. That was the
trouble I had.
Mr. POLAND. I do not see the precise
point 6f my friend's question; I do not see
why he mi£ht not ask it as well of himself as
of me. '
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. Because the
gentleman has said we have clear jurisdiction
of the conduct of members prior to their elec-
tiott as such.
Mr. POLAND. I have not the slightest
doubt of it. When the objection was raised
to Mr. Bowen'3 being allowed to take his
seat, it was prematurely raised. A man's
being a .murderer does not make him inel-
igible to election as a member of Congress.
The votes cast for him are to be counted ;
he is to be returned as elected. But a'S soon
as he takes his seat it would be our duty as
honest and decent men to expel him. If
what was alleged in relation to Mr. Bowen
was true, that is the action we ought to have
taken in his case. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky seems to have known more in reference
to the case than I did; and upon that ground
X think he was more to blame than I. But if
Mr. Bowen had done what he was represented
to have done, he ought to have been expelled
from Congress. We had the amplest legal
jurisdiction to expel him; and if the case had
ever been properly presented and had appeared
to be what it would seem to have been from
the allegations read by the gentleman from
Kentucky, Mr. Bowen would certainly have
been entitled to and would have received my
vote for his expulsion.
But, Mr. Speaker, I shall have to ask an-
other extension of my time if I do not hurry
on. I will ask the Clerk to read a couple of
precedents I have been able to find since the
paper of yesterday was read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Parliamentary precedents for the expulsion of mem-
bers of the House of Commons for offenses committed
before theybeeame members of the Parliament which
expelled them.
On the 16th of May, 1726, Mr. John Ward was
expelled for forgery committed in the year 1700, or
twenty years before his expulsion, no fewer than
four parliamentary elections having intervened.
Mr. Ward was not a member of Parliament at the
time of committing the forgery. (20 Commons Jour-
nals, 701.)
In December, 1783, Christopher Atkinson, esq.,
was expelled from the House of Commons for the
offense of perjury, for which he had been indicted at
the Middlesex assizes the same year, although no
j udgment had been rendered. The offense, as charged
in the indictment, had been committed on the 7th
day of February, 1780, and was, therefore, prior to
Atkinson's becoming -a member of the Parliament
of King George III, which was dissolved September
1, 1780, and the fourth Parliament, to which he was
elected in the summer of 1780, was not organized till
the 31st of October in that year,- more than six
months after the commission of the perjury charged
in the indictment, which was February 7, 1780. (24
Parliamentary History, pp. 89-97.)
Mr. POLAND. There are,two plain and
clear precedents, both of them subsequent to
the case of John Wilkes; and I assert again
that not a precedent to the contrary can be
found in the history of the English Parlia-
ment. There was never made a question as
to the power of Parliament to expel a man
for an offense that rendered him an unfit and
unworthy member of that body, no matter
when the offense was committed.
Mr. ELDREDGE. Does the gentleman
from Vermont claim that Congress has the
same power as the British Parliament?
Mr. POLAND. Certainly I do, as regards
this question. Why, Mr. Speaker, in the
State of Massachusetts, whose constitution
contains nothing upon the power of expulsion
and does not in terms authorize the Legisla-
ture to expel a man at all, it was held by the
unanimous judgment of the supreme court of
Massachusetts, when that most eminent jurist,
Chief Justice Shaw was at the head of it, that
with respect to the power of expulsion the
full power of Parliament was vested in the
Massachusetts Legislature.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I wish to make
an inquiry of my friend from Vermont, and
he must excuse the interruption, because we
are all listening with anxiety to what he says.
The gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr. Eld-
redge] just now asked whether the gentleman
from Vermont claimed for this House all the
powers existing in the British Parliament,
and the gentleman from Vermont answered
in the affirmative.
Mr. POLAND. I meant in thjs one respect.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. The gentleman
holds that the power of Congress in this re-
gard is the same as that of the English House
of Commons?
Mr. POLAND. Yes, sir. I supposed that
was what the question referred to. , The Eng-
lish Parliament, like the American Congress,
is composed of two bodies; but I am talking
in regard to the power of expulsion, wliich, of
course, the two Houses do not posses jointly,
which each must exercise for itself. What 1
intended to say, and what I supposed everybody
understood me as saying, was that I claimed
we had the same power in this House, that we
,had it to the fullest extent it was possessed by
the English Commons.
And I shall wait on this point until my
learned friend is able to find some precedent,
some case where it was ever said or claimed
by somebody that in the English Commons
they had not the right to expel a man for an
offense which was committed before he became
a member.
Now, Mr. Speaker, a word as to the Amer-
ican precedents in this matter. The earliest
case was the case of Marshall, of Kentucky,
who had, it was charged, committed perjury.
He had a lawsuit in Kentucky, and the judges
decided his case against him. He arraigned
the judges in the newspapers claiming they
had abused him atjd been guilty of malfeas-
ance by delivering of a wrong judgment. They
retaliated by saying in the newspapers that he
had committed perjury. It had been a newspaper
war in Kentucky for two or three years. Mar-
shall's party prevailed ; they were in the ascend-
ency and he was elected to the Senate. Next
year the election was carried by his enemies
and the-Legislature passed a resolution calling
on the Senate of the United States either to
impeach or to expel him.
The matter was brought up in the Senate
and a great variety of grounds were taken. It
was the first case. It was said in that case, to
be sure, that the offense charged was committed
a year before he was elected, if at all. But that
was not mentioned as being a controlling cir-
cumstance in this matter, as they said it had
been for two years discussed in the State of
Kentucky by the public press, and the people
had all had an opportunity to make up their
minds whether the charge was true or false,
and in that particular it became an important
inquiry as to the time affecting the question of
notice and the action of his constituents. It
was not claimed in that case that the time of
his offense took his case out of the jurisdiction
of the Senate, except in connection with notice
to and the action of his constituents.
That was not the true ground on which the
case of Marshall went. Those opposed to his
expulsion or impeachment said he was charged
with the crime of perjury ; that that was a
high crime; that he could not be expelled 011
the ground of having committed perjury until
he had been indicted and tried; that the Con-
stitution provided that a man's guilt should
