1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
763
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut, presented the
petition of Rev. Rucian Burleigh, agent of the
Connecticut Temperance Union, asking for
the prohibition of the manufacture, importa-
tion, and sale of all intoxicating liquors to be
used as a beverage in the Territories of the
United States and in the District of Colum-
bia; which wan ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. FRBLING11U YSEN presented a peti-
tion of citizens of New Jersey, praying for the
prohibition of the manufacture, importation,
and sale of all intoxicating liquors to be used
as a beverage in Ihe Territories of the United
States and in the District of Columbia ; which
was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. CORBETT presented the memorial of
the New York Seamen's Association of New
York, praying an appropriation of $30,000 by
which that which it has accomplished may be
saved, and its usefulness continued toward
seamen visiting that port; which was referred
to the Committee on Commerce.
REPORTS OF C0M11ITTJBE8.
Mr. CRAGIN, from the Committee on
Naval A flairs, to whom was referred the bill
(H. R. No. 2875) to prevent the employment
of officers on the retired list, reported it with
an amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 930) to pro-
mote the securing of efficient seamen for the
Navy of the United States, reported it with-
out amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 1399) permitting
Lieutenant Theodore B. Mason, of the Navy,
to accept a decoration from the emperor of
Brazil, reported it without amendment.
Mr. AMES. The Committee on Finance,
who were instructed by a Senate resolution to
inquire whether the valuation of the sovereign
or pound sterling of Great Britain at the cus-
tom-houses of the United States, and in the
settlement of accounts between the two coun-
tries under existing laws, corresponds with its
true or intrinsic value as expressed in the
money of account of the United States, have
had the same under consideration, and have
directed me to submit a report thereon, and
also to present a bill.
The bill (S. No. 1427) to establish the value
of the sovereign or pound sterling of Great
Britain, and to fix the par of exchange, was
read and passed to the second reading, and
the report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. TIPTON. The Committee on Public
Lands, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
131o) granting the right of way over the public
lands to the Denver, Georgetown, and Utah
Railroad Company of Colorado, have had the
same under consideration, and instructed me
to report back the bill with one amendment;
and as it is simply for the right of way, I ask
for its present consideration.
The bill was read.
Mr. STEWAR T. I do not think the bill is
sufficiently definite as to where the road is to
be. 1 should like to look at the bill further.
I hate to object to it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena
tor from Nevada objects; and the hill goes
over.
Mr. TIPTON, from the Committee on Public
Lands, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
1310) granting the right of way over the public
lands to the Denver, South Park, and Pacific
Railway Company of Colorado, reported it
with an amendment.
Mr. CARPENTER, from the Committee on
the Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill
(H. R. No. 1808) for the relief of Elias C.
Boudino', reported it with an amendment.
Mr. STEVENSON, from the Committee
on Indian Affairs, to whom the subject was
referred, reported a bill (S. No. 1428) to reim-
burse ilif Creek orphan fund and to provide
Utr the division of the iuud amoii£ thuse
entitled to it; which was read, and passed to
the second reading.
Mr. HARLAN, from the Committee on
Indian Affairs, to whom wag referred the let-
ter of the Secretary of the Treasury of January
6, 1873, with the report of the Solicitor of the
Treasury, in relation to the so-called Choctaw
claim, submitted a report thereon ; which was
ordered to be printed.
Mr. EDMUNDS, from the Committee on
the Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 1203) creating a commission to adjust
the compensation of the several claimants for j
damages and for depredations by rebel cruis-
ers, to be discharged out of the indemnity fund i
awarded by the tribunal of arbitration at Geneva
to be paid by Great Britain to the United States,
reported it with amendments.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am instructed by the
same committee, to whom was referred the
bill (H. R. No. 208) for the relief of the prin-
cipal and securities to the official bonds of
Green W. Caldwell, late superintendent of the
branch mint at Charlotte, North Carolina, to
report adversely thereon, and ask that it go on
the Calendar, as my honorable friend from
North Carolina [Mr. Pool] wishes to have it
go there for the present. I will state in report-
ing this bill, as there is no written report, that
while it appears by sundry affidavits that the
treasure of the United States for which this
man has been aued was taken from him by
confederate forces apparently, yet it is shown
that the books of the mint itself, of which he
continued in charge after the confederates
took this money, as it is said, were changed
under his direction to the books of the State
mint of North Carolina, and that he was in
correspondence with the Governor of North
Carolina and with the secretary of the treas-
ury of the confederate States in relation to
the transmission of these very moneys to the
confederate treasury, and so on, satisfying us
that the money was not taken from him by
force and against his will, but was taken with
his connivance and consent; and that he con-
tinued to manage the mint afterward in the
interest of the confederate States. We there-
fore think there is no occasion for relieving
either his estate or his sureties :'but the bill
may go on the Calendar, as requested by the
Senator from North Carolina.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill
will be placed on the Calendar with the ad-
verse report of the committee.
POWElt TO ISSUE TTKITRD STATE? XOTES.
Mr. CASSERLY, from the Committee on
Printing, to whom was referred a resolution
to print extra copies of Senate report No.
275, reported it without amendment; audit
was considered and agreed to, as follows:
Eesolved. That three thousand extra copies of Sen-
ate report No. 275 from the Committee on Finance,
with the views of the minority, respecting the power
of the Secretary of tne Treasury to issue the fbrty-
four million retired United States notes, be printed
for the use of the Senate.
amendments to appropriation bills.
Mr. MORTON submitted an amendment
intended to be proposed by him to the bill
making appropriations for sundry civil ex- |l
penses of the Government for the year ending i
June 30, 1874 ; which was referred to the
Committee on Appropriations, and ordered to i;
be printed.
Mr. CASSERLY, Mr. SAWYER, and Mr. :
FRELINGH UYSEN submitted amendments ■
intended to be proposed by them to the bill
(H. R. No. 2991) making appropriations for ,
the legislative, executive, and judicial ex- |-
penses of the Government for the year ending !i
June 30, 1874, and for other purposes ; which :
were referred to the Committee on Appropri-
ations, and ordered to be printed. j
grade of admjiul. ^
Mr. OR AGIN, The Committee on Naval ;;
Atlsiiv. to whom was referred the bill (,H. R. >'
No. 2871) to abolish the grades of Admiral
and Vice Admiral in the Navy of the United
States, have had the same tinder consideration,
and instructed me to report it back without
amendment. As this is a very brief bill, and
I suppose there will be no objection to it, I
ask that it be put on its passage.
By unanimotts consent, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill. It provides that vacancies
occurring in the grades of Admiral and Vice
admiral in the Navy of the United States shall
not be filled by promotion, or in any other
manner whatever; and that when the offices
of those grades shall become vacant the grade
itself shall cease to exist.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
CREEK INDIAN BBSBRVAIION.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I am instructed by
the Committee on Indian Affairs, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 1274) to author-
ize the Secretary of the Interior to negotiate
with the Creek Indians for the cession of a
portion of theirreservation occupied by friendly
Indians, to report it back without amendment,
and ask for its present consideration.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill.
The preamble recites that by the third article
of the treaty concluded with the Creek Indians
June 14, 1866, those Indians ceded to the Uni-
ted States, for the settlement of friendly In-
dians aDd freedmen, the west half of their
entire domain, to he divided by a line running
north and south : that the recent survey of the
line, made in conformity with the provisions
of the treaty, includes within the limits of the
Creek reservation, east of the line, some of the
improvements made on a reservation selected
on what was supposed to be the Creek ceded
lands for the Seminole tribe of Indians, which
reservation is provided for in their treaty of
March 1, 1866, and also some of the improve-
ments of the Sacs and Foxes of the Mississippi
tribe of Indians, made on a reservation in-
tended to be established in accordance with
the provisions of their treaty of February 18,
1867 ; that improvements have been made upon
tbe lands by and for the Indians, who have set-
tled thereupon in good faith, in accordance
with treaty stipulations, and that it is neces-
sary, in order to secure these improvements
to these Indians, and to insure them suitable
reservations, that the lands occupied thereby
should be granted to them.
The bill therefore authorizes the Secretary
of the Interior to negotiate with the Creek
Indians for the relinquishment to the United
States of such portions of their country as may
have been set apart, in accordance with treaty
stipulations, for the use of the Semiuoles and
the Sacs and Foxes of the Mississippi tribes
of Indians, respectively, found to be east of
the line separating the Creek ceded lands from
tbe Creek reservation, and also to negotiate
and arrange with those tribes for a final and
permanent adjustment of their reservations ;
aud the Secretary is to report the result to
Congress.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. In 1866 the Govern-
ment made a treaty with the Creek Indians, by
which they ceded to the Government all their
lands west of a certain line running north and
south about through the middle of tbe lands.
The land ceded was taken for the purpose of
bringing other friendly Indians onto it for
settlement. In the same year the Government
made a treaty with the Seminole Indians, by
which they were to receive two hundred thou-
sand acres of that land for occupancy, and a
part of them settled upon the land. In the
same year ihp Government made a treaty with
(he Sac and Pox Indians, by which they were
to rpinw and brttlo on ;.oven hundred and
