18T3.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1723
only be ascertained by a jury of his peers, and
therefore they had no right to take proof apd
try him, because the Constitution said he shall
be entitled to be tried by a jury. It was oil
that quibble of the Constitution the ease
of Marshall went. In the case of Jx>hn Smith,
where Mr. Adams made the report, Mr. Adams
goes on to say that the very pointon which the
ease of Mr. Marshall was decided was over-
ruled in the Senate, and that the doctrine on
which that case turned was entirely overthrown
by the subsequent case of Blount, Senator
from Tennessee.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The SPEAKER. The gentleman's time has
expired.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move that his time be
extended for half an hour.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Will the
same courtesy be extended to others 1
The SPEAKER. The Chair does notknow
what will take place in the House.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. The gen-
tleman says he will divide the time.
Mr. POLAND. Yes, sir.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. • If he
goes on much longer, it will be. dividing
eternity. [Great laughter.]
Mr. POLAND rose.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. -I object.
[Cries of "No!" "No!"] J_will withdraw
it, then, at the request of my friends.
Mr. SLOCUM. I object on the ground that
there are fifteen or twenty members who desire
to speak.
Mr. POLAND. If the gentleman will with-
draw his objection, I will say that I did not
desire any extension of time. [Laughter.] 1
shall have the opportunity to close the debate.
MESSAGE SliOM 'CHE PRESIDENT.
Mr. Babcock, Private Secretary c>f the Presi-
dent, appeared at the bar, and delivered to the
House of Representatives a message from the
President in writing. Mr. Babcock also in-
formed the House that he had been directed
to announce that the President had approved
and signed bills and a joint resolution of the
following titles:
An act (H. R. No. 1418) for the relief of
Charles H. Mallory & Co., of New York;
An act (H. R. No. 2039) for the relief of
.1 oseph Wescott,.<of Portland, Maine;
An act (H. R. No. 2629) amendatory of
an act setting aside certain proceeds of in-
ternal revenue for the erection of penitentiaries
in the Territories of Nebraska, Washington,
Colorado, Idaho, Montana, Arizona, and Da-
kota, approved January 22, 1867 ;
Au act (H. R. No. 3352) making appropn-
tions for the construction, preservation, and
repairs of certain fortifications o onT
works of defense, for the year ending June 30,
18Anact (H. R. No. 3367) for the relief of
Emma E. Gardner, the widow of Lieutenant
W. F. Gardner;
An act (H. R. No. 3612) to relieve from
disabilities W. R. Boggs, of Missouri ;
An act (II. R. No. 3721) lor the relief of the
widow of Alexander F. Crossman, deceased,
late commander United States Navy;^
An act (H. R. No. 3628) authorizing the
Secretary of the Treasury to sell the custom-
house property at Plymouth, North Carolina;
An act (H. R. No. 3258) making appro-
priations for the consular and diplomatic ser-
vice of the Government for the year ending
J mie 30, 1874, and for other purposes ; _
An act (II. R. No. 2518) granting a pension
to (Seor''e W, Swarta;
An act (H. R- No. 8520) granting a pension
to Thomas Lunney ; _
An act (H. R. No. 2521) granting a pension
to John Greenwalt;
An act (LI. R- No. 2522) granting a pension
to Judith Dunham;
Au act (H. R. No. 252,) granting a pension
to Deborah Witham;
An act (H. R. No. 2864) for the relief of
John W. Mears, administrator of the estate of
Henry D. Mears and of William Moulton, jr ;
An act (H. R. No. 3326) for the relief of
settlers on the late Sioux Indian reservation,
in the State of Minnesota;
An act (H. R. No. 3315) for the relief of
Henry Goldhammer;
An act (H. R. No. 3514) for the relief of
William Schilling & Co., of Baltimore, Mary-
land:
An act (H. R. No. 2704) for the relief of S,
P. Jocelyn ;
An act (H. R. No. 3021) to amend an act
entitled "An act to provide for holding a cir-
cuit court of the United States in the western
district of Missouri," approved June 8, 1872;
An act (H.„R. No. 3252) to enforce the
stipulations of the convention with Venezuela
of April 25, 1866, and the payment of the
adjudicated claims;
An act (H. R. No. 3766) for the relief of
Henry B. Mears; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 196) granting
medals to Captain Jared S. Crandall and
others.
CREDIT MOBILIER.
The House resumed the consideration of the
report of the select committee appointed to
investigate the alleged Credit Mobilier bribery.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Ames] affected by this report
desires to be heard. The gentleman is entitled
to the floor, and sends his remarks to the
Clerk's desk to„be read. They will be read
by the Clerk.
Mr. AMES, (read by the Clerk. \ Before
the House proceeds to the consideration of the
resolution reported on Tuesday last by the
special committee charged with the investiga-
tion of alleged transactions with certain mem-
bers, of this body, in the disposition of shares
of the capital stock of the Credit Mobilier of
America, I desire to submit the following state-
meat: ^ . . ,
The charges on which said resolution is based
relate to events so intimately connected with a
portion of the history of the construction of
the Union Pacific railroad that I shall ask the
indulgence of the House while I proceed to
trace such history in greater detail than would
otherwise be necessary.
On the 1st day of July, 1862, was passed
and approved an act of Congress authorizing
and providing for the construction of a rail-
road and telegraph line from the Missouri
river to the Pacific ocean. The practicabil-
ity and importance of such a measure ha.d
long been urged by our most sagacious public
men, but it failed to receive the sanction of
the Government until a great civil war threat-
ened to result in the withdrawal of the States
and Territories of the Pacific coast from the
authority of the Federal Government, hor a
variety of reasons, then long before the pub-
lic, but chiefly to avert the calamity indicated,
this act was passed. It was universally es-
teemed not only a measure of sound policy,
but a scheme appealing to the patriotism and
loyalty of the capitalists of tne United States
as the instrument whereby a future separation
of the Pacific from the Atlautic States would
be rendered forever impossible. _
The meeting of commissioners named in the
act to carry the same into effect by the organ-
ization of the corporation was held pursuant
to act of Congress on the first Tuesday ot bep-
tember, 18G2. Though composed of a great
number of the leading capitalists ot the
country, and in addition to the ordinary ln-
dueementof pecuniary advantage, acting under
the stimulus of patriotic ardor, the meeting
failed t.o accomplish anything beyond the open-
in" of books of subscription. N ot a dollar ot
stock was subscribed or promised, and it was
not until about the 27th of October, 1863-and
then only with the explicit understanding on
the part of the subscribers that in case ol ten-
ure to secure future legislation the project
must be abandoned—that a sufficient subscrip-
tion was obtained to authorize the election of
a board of directors. On this subscription was
the name of .no recognized capitalist. Pasties
known to the country as wielding large capital
in railroad enterprises had studiously avoided
all apparent association with the enterprise,
and in their place appeared a class of campara-
tively unknown men, whose names when rising
to the surface, had been chiefly connected with
enterprises involving speculative and extra-
hazardous risks. Until the passage of the law
heretofore mentioned, nothing was done under
this organization beyond such acts as were
necessary to preserve the existence of the cor-
poration.
Then came the act of July 2, 1864. Its
principal features were as follows : It author-
ized a reduction of the par value of the shares
from one thousand to one hundred dollars,
with a corresponding increase in number; it
enlarged the land grant from a ten to a twenty-
mile limit; it authorized the company to issue
first mortgage bonds on its railroad and tele-
graph, to an amount per mile equal to the
amount of United States bonds authorized to
be issued to the company in aid of the con-
struction of the road, and made the mortgage
securing the same a lien prior to that of the
United States; it declared that only one half
of the compensation for services rendered for
the Government should be required to be
applied to the payment of the bonds issued by
the Government in aid of construction.
While thus strengthening the company by
these changes, Congress at the same time and
in the same act dealt it two well nigh fatal
blows, from the effect of which complete re-
covery is impossible. It authorized the Kansas
Pacific, which was required to effect a junction
with the Union Pacific not farther west than
the one-hundredth meridian of longitude—a
distance of about two hundred and forty-seven
miles west of the Missouri river—to make such
connection at any point westwardly of such
initial point deemed practicable or desirable.
The result is a rival parallel road connecting
with the Union Pacific at a point five hundred
and sixteen miles west of the Missouri river-
being one half the length of that road—and
claiming equal advantages and facilities in all
running connections and interchange of busi-
ness. It likewise provided that in case the Cen-
tral Pacific should reach the eastern boundaiy
of California before the Union Pacific should
be built to that point, the former company
should have the right to extend its road one
hundred and fifty miles eastward, and this
power was afterward enlarged by Congress by
act of July 2, 1866, so as to authorize such
extension indefinitely until the two roads
should meet. Thus by act of Congress these
two corporations were sent forth upon a race
across the continent, which finally culminated
in the construction of five hundred miles oi
road by each company in a single season,
through a desert country, upon a route beset
by unparalleled obstacles, and at a necessaiy
cost largely in excess of the most extravagant
estimates. .
It is in testimony before a committee ot tne
House that after the impracticability of build-
ing the road under the first act had beeu de-
monstrated, when it had become apparent
that additional aid was necessary to induce
capitalists to embark in the enterprise, the laie
President Lincoln was urgent that Congres
should not withhold the additional assistance
asked, and that be personally advised the
officers of the company to go to Congress for
such legislation as would assure the success
of the enterprise, declaring it a national neces-
sity, and recommending them to apply for ad-
ditional concessions, ample to place the con-
struction of the road beyond a peradvent.ure.
Notwithstanding this favorable legislation,
no capital was attracted, no additional stock
subscribed. On the 8th of August, 1864, a
