THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
January 22,
fifty square, miles of land. Under those treaties
these, Indian tribes made their settlements.
Afterward a survey was made, and when the
liqe sva? run it was found that a portion of
those Indians had been settled by authority of
the United States on lands east of the line,
which still belonged to the Creeks. This bill
provides that the Secretary of the Interior
may negotiate with the Creeks for a relinquish-
ment pf title to these lands upon which these
friendly tribes have settled, and that after he
shall, have made that negotiation he shall make
report to Congress.
Mr, NYE. I do pot like to see this manipu-
lating of boundaries among the- Indians. The
theory of the Government is that their tribal
rights'are sacred rights, which the Indians have
no right to break or the white people to break
■with them. Every little while there is a pro-
position to carve up these reservations. 1 am
always a little afraid of such propositions.
When this line is run there will be another
mistake discovered, until it shall be so carved
up that the poor Creeks will not have any-
thing left.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. It is very possible
that I have not made myself understood. The
line has already been run. Some of the Semi-
noles and some of the Sac and Fox Indians
are upon the lands which belong to the Creeks;
aijd it is simply a question whether the Uni-
ted States Government will remove them or
whether they will negotiate with these Indians,
■who have now a right to the possession of the
land, that it may be relinguished for those who
are settled upon it.
Mr. NYE. After all it is a breaking of the
treaty with the Indians. As long as the Gov-
ernment adhere to their treaty-making policy,
and as long as they are so careful to protect
every treaty from every quarter, I object to
their making a trade now with these Indians,
which they no more understand than so many
wild men, for the purpose of giving away their
territory. These lines will never be run right
till they are obliterated, and there will be no
peace with these Indians till this treaty-mak-
ing policy is done away with and these treaties
are abolished. I hope it will not be done by
indirection.
Mr. HARLAN". I think the honorable
Senator from Nevada misapprehends this case.
The lands between the Seminole lands and
the Creek lands not having been surveyed when
the Seminoles made their new settlement, a
part of them have settled on the east side of
the lino and made improvements. The Creeks
are perfectly willing to sell off that much to
the Seminoles, to be paid for by the Seminole
Indians themselves. It is a matter of no in-
terest to any outside party that I can see, and
does not affect any great principle. It merely
permits one Indian tribe to buy a strip of land
of another Indian tribe, and pay for it with
their own money.
Mr. COLE. But I suppose the Creeks must
have known at the time the Seminoles settled
there as well as they do now whether the Sem-
inoles were settling on their land or not.
Mr. HARLAN. They did not, for the rea-
son that the line had not then been surveyed,
and has since been surveyed.
Mr. COLE. I should like to know whether
the Creeks protested against the Seminoles
settling on that land.
Mr. HARLAN. Not at all; they supposed
they were settling on their own land.
Mr. COLE. Then I submit whether they
are entitled to any compensation. Did not
these persons settle there with their consent ?
Mr. NYE. if fifty families of whites had
settled there 1 wonder whether the Senator
from Iowa would want the line varied on their
account.
Mr. HABLAN. If the Senator fr om Iowa
had sold a piece of land the boundaries of
which had not been defined to the honorable
Senator from Nevada, and if he had made
improvements on land that afterward fell out-
side of the corrected boundaries when estab-
lished, there would surely be no injustice in
njy selling that part of the land to him which
he supposed he had bought before. If we
could adjust the matter between ourselves, it
would surely injure no outside parties 5 and
that is just this case.
Mr. NYE. I do not understand it precisely
so. Will the Secretary be kind, enough to
report that portion of the bill again which
provides for the sale?
The Chief Clerk read the bill.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment.
Mr. NYE. It seems to me that the bound-
ary should be more definitely fixed. This
covers the entire Creek reservation.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. A report roust be
made to Congress.
Mr. NYE. There must be some way of
ascertaining about what is the amount of land
the Secretary of the Interior is authorized
to negotiate lor.
Mr. HARLAN. This hill provides that a
report shall be made to Congress. After he has
ascertained what the boundary should be, it
will be competent for Congress when that re-
port shall come in either to approve it or to
disapprove it.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. It also provides for
the purchase of no more land than is now oc-
cupied by these tribes of Indians under the
authority of the United States, as they are
there by our consent and authority.
Mr. NYE. Does the Senator from Con-
necticut mean to say that the United States
authorized these Indians to settle on the land
of the Creeks ?
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I do.
Mr. NYE. How could they do that?
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. The United States
supposed that they were authorizing them to
settle on their own land, but they settled on
other land.
Mr. NYE. I should like to see where the
great mistake was, and how it is to be remedied
exactly. The bill itself says the Secretay shall
negotiate for every acre of land they have got.
I hope they Will not be ousted.
Mr. STEWART. I should like to hear the
bill reported again.
The Chief Clerk read the bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. It does seem to me that
so important a bill as this requires consider-
ation. If it was simply what the Senator
from Connecticut states, it would be alt right;
but there ought to be a written report, or
something to show what the facts are. This
bill would authorize the executive officers to
negotiate a treaty involving the whole title to
the Creek lands. I do not wish to stand as an
objector.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I ask that Ihe Secre-
tary read the communication from the Secre-
tary of the Interior which I send to the Chair.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
Department of the Interior,
wasnin(3t0n, d, c., December 17, 1872.
Sir: I have the honor to transmit herewith a
copy of a communication, dated the 7th instant,
from the Commissioner of Indian Affairs, inviting
the attention of this Department to a rouent survey
of the line dividing the Creek ceded lands, upon
which th© Sac nod Box and the Seminole Indians
have reservations, from the Creek reservation, as
provided for by the eighth article of the treaty with
tho Creeks of 14th June, 1866,(Statutes, vol. 14. p. 785.)
An examination of the field-notes and plats of
survey, which has been approved, discloses the fact
that the line above referred to divides the reserva-
tions of the Seminoles and the Sacs and Foxes, leav-
ing extensive improvements east of said line, and
consequently, within the Creek country.
In view of the facts stated, it is recommended that
legislation be had authorizing negotiations with the
Creek Indians for the purchase of that portion of the
reservations of the Seminoles and Sacs and Foxes
thrown, by the survey, into tho Creek reserve.
i have therefore prepared, and herewith transmit,
a draft of an act to authorize tho Secretary of the
Interior to negotiate with the Creek Indians for the
cession ot a portion ot their reservation occupied by
trienaly Indians, and respectfully commend it to the
favorable consideration of Congress, to the end that
the Government may be enabled to execute the ex-
isting treaty stipulations with tho Indians inter-
ested.
I havo the honor to be, very respectfully, your
obedient servant,
' B. R. COWEN,
Acting Secretary.
Chairman Committee on Indian Affairs, U. S. Senate*
Department op the Interior,
Officb op Indian Affairs,
Washington. D. C., December 7, 1872.
Sir: I have the honor to invite the attention of
the Department to the following:
By the third article of the treaty concluded with
the Creek Indians June 14,1866, (U. S. Statutes-at-
Large, vol. 14, p. 785,) said Indians cede to the Uni-
ted States for the settlement of friendly Indians and
freedoaen the west half of their entire domain, to be
divided by a line running north and south.
In consideration of the cession made by the third
article of the treaty concluded with the Seminole
Indians March 21,1866, (U.S. Statutes-at-Large, vol.
14, p. 755,) the United States, by said article granted
to said Indians out of the Creek coded lands a res-
ervation containing two hundred thousand acres.
In consideration of the improvements upon the
reservation of the Sacs and Foxes of the Mississippi
tribe of Indians, ce led by the first article of the
treaty concluded with said Indians February 18,
1867, (U. S. Statutes-at-Large, vol. 15, page 495,) the
United States, by the sixth article of said treaty,
granted to these Indians a reservation out of the
Creek ceded lands, containing about seven hundred
and fifty square miles.
The Seminoles and the Sacs and Foxes have set-
tled upon their respective reservations, and have
made improvement thereon, not expecting to be
disturbed by the survey of the line dividing the
Creek ceded lands from the Creek reservation, as
provided for by the eighth article of the Creek treaty
of 1866, hereinbefore referred to. HoweVer, the sur-
vey has subsequently been completed and approved
by the honorable Secretary of the Interior, under
date of the 5th of February last. Upon an examin-
ation of the plats and field notes of said survey it
is found that the dividing line cuts through a por-
tion of the reservations above referred to for the use
of the Seminole and Sac and Fox Indians, leaving
extensive improvements east of said line, and con-
sequently within the Creek country.
Ih view ofthe foregoing I respectfully recommend
that the matter be laid before Congress, with the
request for legislation authorizing the Department
to negotiate with the Creek Indians for the purchase
of the lands thus thrown into the Creek reserve, to
the end that the tribes who have settled down in
good faith, and entered into agricultural pursuits,
may not be deprived of the fruits of their industry
through no fault of theirs, and further, that the
vjovc/nment may be enabled thereby to carry out
existing treaty stipulations with the Indians inter-
ested.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
F. A. WALKEB,
■n c ^ Commissioner.
Hon. Secretary of the Interior.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I should like to
make an inquiry of the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs, for the satisfaction of
Senators on this side of the Chamber, as well
as generally. I think J understand the general
drift of this bill. It is to provide for a diffi-
culty which originated in locating Indians
upon lands which really were not negotiated
for with the Creek Indians. It turned out that
they were put upou land which we did not own.
Ihe question is whether in negotiating for more
lands they are to be paid out of the Treasury
of the United States or out of the funds of the
Indians,
Mr. HARLAN. Out of the funds of the
Indians.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. That is my
understanding of it; but I ask whether that
is provided for iu the bill.
Mr. HARLAN. It is not; and it was not
supposed to. be necessary, from the fact that
the bill provides that the Secretary shall report
his proceedings to Congress. There is nothing
hnal in the action of the Secretary under this
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. That is to say,
when the treaty is made, before any final ae
tion is to be had, it is to be reported to Con-
gress.
Mr. HARLAN. The bill provides for that
distinctly ; that the Secretary's action in the
premises shall be reported to Congress It is
not intended to be final. But that the Senate
may understand completely this case, I will
say that in the treaty negotiated in 18G6 with
