1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
765
the Creek Indians they ceded to the United
States, for the use of other Indians, one half
of their whole tract of land in the Indian
territory. Of course the boundary line sev-
ering the two portions of the old Creek res-
ervation had not then been surveyed. In a
treaty made with the Seminoles during the
same year, the United States sold to the Semi-
noles two hundred thousand acres of land, to
be bounded on the east by this line, dividing
the diminished Creek reserve from that part
which the Creeks bad ceded to the United
States. The Seminoles in the same treaty
ceded to the United States the whole of their
original tract of land, and during that year or
soon afterward moved onto the land that they
bad bought of the United States, being a
part of the Creek ceded lands. The bound-
ary line had not been surveyed. They sup-
posed they knew about where the line would
be, and they made their settlements accord-
ingly, supposing they were settling on the west
side of what would be the western boundary
line of the Creek diminished reserve. It turns
out that a part of these settlements are on the
east side of the line siuce surveyed and estab-
lished. The same is substantially true in rela-
tion to the Sacs and Poxes, who moved onto
these lands at a subsequent period, but before
the line had been surveyed.
This bill proposes that the Secretary of the
Interior shall negotiate with these several
tribes for an adjustment of a new line, which
will enable the Seminoles to buy that part of
the land which they have improved which
belongs now to the Creeks, and also that the
Sacs and Foxes may do the same, and obtain
title to that part of their lands which they have
improved on the east side of the line. The
bill provides that the doings of the Secretary
shall be reported to Congress. It is not final,
and therefore I cannot imagine that any diffi-
culty can grow out of it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I understand
the general facts to be precisely as the chair-
man of the Committee on Indian Affairs has
detailed ; and I also understand the necessity
to be precisely as he indicates, and I think
this a proper method of settling the diffi-
culty. The only question which was suggested
here was whether the bill was so guarded as
that payment would not be demanded oat of
the Treasury : and as there seems to be no dif-
ficulty about that, I do not see that there is
any in it.
Mr. NYE. It does not provide for payment
any way.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. There is no
provision, but it will come back to Congress
tor future consideration.
Mr, NYE. It simply provides for another
liue ; and now I want to ask my friend from
Iowa if that is defiuite enoogh to confer any
title upon the Sacs and Foxes?
Mr. HARLAN. Surely not. It does not
propose to confer any title; it merely agrees
to negotiate with them.
Mr. NYE. But at whose expense?
Mr. HARLAN. The negotiation will of
course be at the expense of the Department,
but it cannot be very considerable. It will
doubtless be done by the superintendent of
Indian affairs and the agents of these respect-
ive tribes.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
tjsxas and pacific kail boa d bonds.
Mr. STEWART. I am directed by the
Committee on the Pacific Railroad, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 1425) supple-
mental to an act entitled "An act to incor-
porate the Texas Pacific Railroad Company,
and to aid in the construction of its road, and
for other purposes,'' approved March 3, 1871,
to report it back with an amendment. It is a
matter that will explain itself on its simple
reading, and I ask for its present considera-
tion.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill.
The Committee on the Pacific Railroad re-
ported the bill with an amendment, to strike
out all after the enacting clause and insert:
That the face value of all bonds hereafter issued
by tbe Texas and Pacific Kailroad Company, under
the provisions of an act approved March 3, 1871,
shall, at the option of the company, be either in
gold or other lawful money of the United States,
bearwg interest, at like option of the company,
either in gold or other lawful money of the United
otatesi and any mortgage heretofore executed by
said company, securing bonds payable in any law-
ful money of the United States, other than gold,
■ and tbe bonds recited therein, and to secure which
said mortgage was given, are hereby legalized; and
said mortgage and bonds shall have the same effect
as though they had been authorized by the act to
which this is a supplement: Provided. That in ail
other respects the requirements of that law inregard
to such mortgage and bonds have been fully com-
plied with.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended; and the amendment was con-
curred in. The bill was ordered to be engrossed
for a third reading, read the third time, and
dempsey and o'toole,
Mr. STEVENSON. I am directed by the
Committee on Appropriations, to whom was
referred the bill (H. R. No. 2945) for the
relief of the late firm of Dempsey & O'Toole,
to report it back without amendment, and to
ask for its present consideration.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill. It directs the Secretary of the
Treasury to pay the late firm of Dempsey &
O'Toole, as indemnity for loss sustained by
them, by annulment of a contract with the
Post Office Department for furnishing stamped
envelopes and newspaper wrappers, the sum
of $29,433 89 ; but previous to the payment,
Dempsey & O'Toole are to deliver up. to the
satisfaction of the Postmaster General, all dies
and dandy-rolls by them used and provided
for the manufacture of these envelopes; and
this sum is to be received in full satisfaction
for all claims and demands of Dempsey &
O'Toole for or by reason of the annulment
of the contract.
Mr. CONKLING. For the manufacture of
what?
Mr. LOGAN. Envelopes.
The Chief Clerk. " Of dies and dandy-
rolls by them provided for the manufacture
of the envelopes aforesaid."
Mr. STEVENSON. I will say to the Sen-
ator that the bill refers to instruments for the
manufacture of envelopes and water-colors.
Dempsey & O'Toole entered into a contract
on the 20th of August, 1870, with the Post
Office Department lor the supply of letter
envelopes, water-colors, and newspaper wrap-
pers. The contract was to take effect on the
1st of October, 1870. When they entered
into the contract they supposed that tbe con-
tract was assignable, but some time after they
had entered into it an opinion of the Attorney
General was delivered which declared that the
contract was not assignable. They then went
to New York and supplied themselves with ail
the necessary presses, dies, and other imple-
ments to carry on this contract. The Post-
master General, under information which he
had received, supposed on the 3d of October
that they were not prepared to carry it on, and
the contract was annulled and these parties
subjected to great loss. This matter was thor-
oughly investigated by the Committee on Ap-
propriations in the House of Representatives.
They took a great deal of proof on the sub-
ject, the Postmaster General being present,
all of which is printed. The Committee on
Appropriations unanimously reported that this
sum should be awarded as an indemnity to
this firm for the loss incurred by them by the
annulment of the contract, upon their surren-
dering to the Post Office Department all their
presses, dies, and other implements, which the
proof goes to show are exceedingly valuable.
This case has been thoroughly investigated,
a'id the Committee on Appropriations have
directed the bill to be reported.
Mr. CONKLING. Is there a written re-
port?
Mr. STEVENSON. Yes, sir, a very short
one, which can be read in a moment.
Mr. CONKLING. I should like to hear
it read.
Mr. LOGAN. I should like to ask tbe Sen-
ator from Kentucky one question, and that is
whether he knows any use that the Post Office
Department would have of these dies and this
material for the purpose of manufacturing
anything? °
Mr. STEV ENSON. I suppose that would
depend altogether on whether the Post Office
Department were to execute their own print-
ing on tbe envelopes. If they did these im-
plements would be as valuable to tbe Depart-
mentas others would be, I apprehend. Usually
they give out such work by contract; but if
the Post Office Department did their own
printing, they would be very valuable, and I
suppose could be sold for a considerable sum
of money, how much I do not know, {am sat-
isfied this is a very meritorious claim, and that
this firm will be ruined by the action of the De-
partment if relief is notafforded. They entered
into this contract in good faith, and supplied
themselves with all the implements necessary
for carrying it out in good faith, and they would
have successfully carried it out bnt for the an-
nulment of the contract. The Postmaster
General no doubt believed that they could not
carry it out, and it was annulled within three
days of the time when they were by law com-
pelled to undertake it.
Mr. LOGAN. Is the bill up for considera-
tion ? -
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is by
unanimous consent, no objection having been
made.
Mr. LOGAN. I merely wish to say that I
was in the House of Representatives at the
time this question was investigated, and I
have a very vague impression now in refer-
ence to it, and hence I will not state as a fact
what my impression is, for I may be mis-
taken. Bat the impression upon my mind is
that this contract was annulled on tbe part of
the Postmaster General because these parties
did not comply with tbe law. That was the
impression I got. If that be correct, I am
utterly opposed to imposing on the Govern-
ment of the United States any materials that
these gentlemen may have purchased for the
purpose of performing a contract which they
failed to fulfill and that the Government can
certainly have no use for. I therefore must
object to the consideration of the bill at this
time until I can look into it further and see
whether I am correct or not.
Mr. STEVENSON. I hope the Senator
from Illinois will not object until he hears the
short report of the Committee on Appropria-
tions of the House read.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill is
before the Senate, and its consideration cannot
be objected to now. The time for objection
has passed.
Mr. LOGAN. Then I call for the regular
order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is not
quite one o'clock yet.
Mr. STEVENSON. I will say to the Sen-
ator from Illinois that technically he is right;
tbat this contract was to commence on the
1st of October, and it was annulled on the
third day of that month. Time, I suppose, in
equity is not of the essence of the contract. I
will say to the Senator that if be will read the
proof lie will be satisfied that these gentlemen
were ready, and would have been thoroughly
prepared, by the middle of October, to fulfill in
every particular their contract.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Did the
