1T26
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 25,
would undertake to build the road and take
the securities and stock of the company in
payment, when the whole enterprise had come
to a complete halt and was set in motion by
my individual credit and means and that of
my associates, the. enterprise should have
been abandoned. Were it possible to present
that question to the same public sentiment,
the same state of national opinion, which ex-
isted at the time the exigency arose, I would
willingly and gladly go to Congress and the
country on that issue. But I am denied that
justice, and the motives and transactions of
one period are to be judged by the prejudices
of another, at an hour when the fluctuations
of opinion are extreme and violent, beyond
the experience of former times.
The actual cost of money of building the
road was about $70,000,000, aud all state-
ments of a less 'cost are based upon mere
estimates of engineers who never saw the
work, and utterly fail to grasp the conditions
under which it was prosecuted. The actual
profit on this expenditure, estimating the secur-
ities and stock at their market value when re-
ceived in payment, was less than $10,000,000,
as can be demonstrably established in any
court. It is in testimony before a committee of
the House by witnesses who have spent their
lives as contractors, as well as those who have
been builders, owners, and operators of some
of the great trunk lines of the country, that
for twenty years past the ordinary method
of btiilding railroads has been through the
medium of constructing companies; that few,
if any, roads involving a large outlay of capi-
tal are built in any other way; that a profit of
from twenty to thirty per cent, is not unrea-
sonable in any case, and that upon the con-
struction of the Union- Pacific railroad, esti-
mating it with reference to the magnitude of
the work and the risk incurred, no man could
reasonably object 'to a profit of fifty per cent.
The like evidence is given by a Government
director long intimately acquainted with the
manifold difficulties and embarrassments en-
countered, aud who has not yet outlived the
recollection and realization of them. ■
So far as I am pecuniarily concerned, it
would haye been better that I had never heard
of the Union Pacifie railroad. At its comple-
tion the company found itself in debt about
$0,000,000, tho burden of which fell upon
individuals, myself among others. The as-
sumption of the large portion of this liability
allotted to m% followed by others necessary to
keep the road in operation until there should
be developed in tho inhospitable region through
which it runs a business affording revenue suffi-
cient to meel running expenses and interest,
finally culminated in events familiar to the
public, whereby losses were incurred greatly in
excess of all psofit derived by me from the
construction of the' road.
What, then, has the GovernmentVeceived as
the fruits of the connection of the Credit
Mobiler with the Union Pacific iiailroad Com'
pany and the transactions now under consid-
eration ? By the terms of its charter it agreed,
among other thiugs, to loan the company for
thirty years its bonds to certain amounts per
mile, and until their maturity one half the
earnings on account of Government trans-
portation should be retained, to be applied in
repayment to the Government of whatever
interest might in the mean time be paid on the
bonds by the United States. The company in
turn, by acceptance of the charter, agreed to
pay the United States the amount duo on
the bonds at. their maturity, and to perform
certain services. Without asking additional
legislation-, of being called upon to resist ob-
noxious legislation, except wherein this con-
tract had been disregarded and ignored by the
Government, the road has been completed,
and successfully operated throughout its en-
tire line now nearly four years.
No complaint has ever come up from any
quarter of any failure to faithfully perform
its obligations to the Government, both in
respect to transportation services and its
pecuniary obligations. In the only instance in
which it has differed from any Department of
the Government, the variance has been upon
a purely judicial' question, upon which the
courts have been open to the United States,
but closed to us. The Government made itself
the creditor of the Union Pacific Company,
tying its debtor hand and foot with a multipli-
city of stipulations, and then refused to sub-
mit their interpretation to its own courts.
That it has so far reaped the principal benefit
of the bargain cannot be denied. Official
statements of the Postmaster General are be-
fore the House, which show that for the six
years ending June 30, 1872, the saving to the
Government upon the transportation of postal
matter alone by reason of the construction of
the Union Pacific railroad, assuming the
amount carried to be equal to that transported
previous to its construction, has been $643,
579 55.
But the amount of postal matter has been
over six times greater by rail than by stage,
so that the real saving is not less than
$3,861,477 30. Even this result fails to rep-
resent the increased speed of carriage and
convenience of handling and distribution
afforded by postal cars to the employfis of
the Department accompanying the mails, thus
insuring safety and regularity in delivery.
A like statement from the War Department
shows the saving upon military transportation
for the same time to have been $6,507,282 85.
No official estimates are before the House for
the saving upon transportation of Indian
goods, for the Navy Department, or of coin
or currency, but they may be safely aggre-
gated at not less than $2,500,000. This gives
a total saving for the six years ending June
30; 1872, of the sum of $12,868,760 15.'
The Secretary of the Treasury in a commun-
ication to the House, bearing date May 20,
18712, in answer to a resolution calling for such
information, estimates the amount of interest
and principal which will be due from the Union
Pacific Railroad Company at the maturity of
the G6vernment bonds, at the present rate of
payment, at $58,150,746 98. Assuming that
the saving to the Government of all the differ-
ent classes of transportation in the future will
be the same as the past, (a supposition entirely
on the side of the United States, for it will in
fact increase in almost geometrical progres-
sion,) and the result is a total saving at the
date of the maturity of the bonds of $6-1,343,-
880 75, a sum in excess of the principal and
interest due at that time to the amount of
$6,187,053 77. In other words, if at the ma-
turity of the bonds not one cent of interest or
principal was paid, but On the other hand was
entirely lost, the Government would be the
gainer in money to the amount of $6,187,053 77.
All this is solid gain, involving no conse-
quential element, and susceptible of exact com-
putation. To attempt to grasp the national
benefits which lie outside the domain of figures,
but are embodied in the increased prosperity,'
wealth,' population, and power of the nation,
overtasks the most vivid imagination. When
the rails were joined on Promontory Summit,
May 10, 1869, the Pacific and the Atlantic,
Europe and Asia, the Bast and the West,
pledged themselves to that perpetual amity out
of which should spring ail interchange of the
most precious and costly commodities known
to traffic, thus assuring a commerce whose
tideshoula ebb to and fro'across the continent
by this route for ages to eome. Utah was then
an isolated community, with no industry but
agriculture, and those manufactures necessary
to a poor and frugal people.
In 1872 it shipped ten millions of silver to
the money centers of the world, and is now
demonstrated to be the richest mineral store-
house on the continent. An institution repug-
nant to the moral sense of the Christian world
is fast yielding to the civilizing contact of the
outer travel made possible by the construction
of the railway. Many believe it has already
substantially solved the perplexing problem of
polygamy. A vast foreign immigration, bring-
ing with it from Bu#ope an immense aggregate
sum of money, has already been distributed
far out on the line of the road, and its means and
muscle are fast subjecting the lately sparsely-
peopled Territories of Colorado, Wyoming,
Motitana, and Idaho, to the uses of an enter-
prising and rapidly increasing population.
A steady and copious flow of British capital is
pouring into the mines of Colorado aud Utah.
The Indians have been pacified; fruitless and
costly hostile military expenditures, frequent
elsewhere, have ceased in the vicinity of , its
line, and the facility an'd speed of connection
afforded by the railroad enables the Govern-
ment to offer adequate protection to the frontier
with a handful of troops, and, at the same
tirae, dispense with large garrisons and for-
tified posts, hitherto maintained at fabulous
cost.' The countless herds of Texas are mov-
ing up to occupy the grazing grounds of the
buffalo in the valleys and canons shadowed by
the Rocky mountains. A region of boundless
natural*resources, lately unknown, unexplored,
and uninhabited, dominated by savages, has
been reclaimed, hundreds of millions added to
the wealth of the nation, and the bonds ©f
fraternal and commercial union between the
fiast and West strengthened beyond'the power
of civil discord to sever.
Does any one, yearning with solicitude lest
the United States, which has made this for-
tunate bargain, should fail to receive eaeli
cent, due at the precise moment it may be
demauded by its officers, doubt the ability of
the company to perform its obligations and
pay the last dollar due long before the matur-
ity of the bonds? Four years ago the road
was opened, without local business, with no
considerable through traffic, and in, the dawn
of the frieudly relations between the United
States and those Asiatic nations which now
bid fair to prove the SQurce of its largest and
most lucrative business. The Sonservative
capitalists of the country believed it would
bankrupt any organization which undertook
to operate it. Four years ha\fe reversed that
opinion, and now the same men are putting
forth their best efforts to secure the benefit
of a close traffic connection, and perhaps ulti-
mate ownership. Twenty-four years ago there
was scarcely a mile of railroad west of Lake
Brie, and no connecting line west of Buffalo.
Let him who would rightly estimate the future
of this company go back to tho year 18'48,
and, thenceforward to the present time, trace
the growth and development of that portion
of the United States lying west, of the great
lakes, and he will be able to approximate the
coming history of the region through which
this road stretches for a thousand miles, and
of the trade and products and commodities
of which it is to be the great commercial artery.
There is but one power that can destroy its
ability to perform all its obligations to tjie
Government; there is but one agency that
can render it incapable of paying all its in-
debtedness to the last dollar, namely, the
Congress of the United States. It alone cap
so cripple, weaken, or destroy the company
as to make the loan of the Government to it
a total loss.
These, then, are my offenses: that I have
risked reputation, fortune, everything, in an
enterprise of incalculable benefit to the Gov-
ernment, from which the capital of the world
shrank; that I have sought to strengthen the
work, thus rashly undertaken, by invoking the
charitable judgment of the public upon its ob-
stacles and embarrassments ; that I have' had
friends, some of them in official life, with
whom I have been willing to share advantage-
ous opportunities of investment; that I hate
kept to the truth through good and evil re-
port, denying nothing, concealing nothing,
reserving nothing. Who will say that I alone
