1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
just one fifth more than they would at private
yards unless you pat in this provision. I do
not want to take time in. debating the question.
This is a practical repeal of the eight-hour
law, so far as these vessels are concerned. I
should like to have the vote of the Senate on
the proposition ; but rather than have a pro-
longed debate I would prefer to withdraw the
amendment. I think the Senate yielded to an
unreasonable furor two or three years ago
when they made the Government of the Uni-
ted States pay one fifth more for work than is
paid by any private person for similar work.
It is really a discrimination against the labor
of citizens and giving to the laborers employed
by the Government one fifth more pay than can
be received by persons in private employment.
But rather than have the whole question of
the eight-hour law debated at length now, I
would not press the amendment. I should like
to have a vote on it; but if there is to be any
contest about it, I would prefer to withdraw it.
Mr. CASSERLY. I hope the Senator from
Ohio will withdraw that amendment. It cer-
tainly will lead to debate. It has occurred to
me that to establish this rule with regard to one
Department of the Government will necessarily
make an invidious distinction against that par-
ticular Department as compared with the others.
Besides this, if it raised no question, the ques-
tion of the eight-hour law, which it distinctly
raises, is one which at any time is capable
of being debated for an indefinite period. I
should not feel satisfied to permit such an
amendment as this to go through without some-
thing like a thorough discussion of the princi-
ples involved in it. I hope the Senator from
Ohio will withdraw it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will withdraw it rather
than be responsible for consuming time; but I
am in favor of it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment o( the Committee on
Naval Affairs as amended.
Mr. STEVENSON. I should like to hear
the amendment reported.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Theamend-
ment will be read.
The Chief Clerk. The amendment of the
Committee on Naval Affairs, as amended, is to
strike out all of the bill after the enacting
clause, and in lien of the matter stricken out
to insert:
That the Secretary of the Navy be authorized to
construct ten steam vessels of war with auxiliary
sail-power. and ut such clats or classes as, m his
judgment, will best subserve the demands of the
service, each carrying sis or more guns of large
caliber: the halls to be built of iron or wood, as
tlie Secretary may determine: Pruv'uhd, That the
aggregate tonnage of the whole number shall not
exceed ten thousand tons, and that the cost of build-
ing the samo shall not exceed $4,000,000: And pro-
vided, That a portion of said vessels shall be built,
in whole or in part, in private yards, upon contract
with the lowest responsible bidder therefor, upon
publiecompetition and proposals, duenotice thereof
being given b_v advertisement, upon plans and speci-
fications furnished by the Navy Department and
under iU direction and supervision, if, apon full
examination and consideration, the same shall be
deemed practicable, by the Secretary of the Navy;
<>r the hulls of any portion of said vessels may be
built upon private contraetintheGovcrnmentyards
upon like proposals, plans, tpeeiticatious, and super-
vision, and upon like examination and considera-
tion, the (tovernmeijt furnishing materials therefor.
Sue. —. That, neither of said vessel-- shall becom-
inenced until full and complete models, specifica-
tions, and drawingsshall be made for its construction
in ail ite parts. And after such models and drawings
are approved by the proper authority, they shall
not be changed in any respect when the cost will
exceed $lt*>, except, upon the recommendation of ft
board ol survey composed uf net less than five offi-
cer# of the Navy, ami approved by the Secretary of
the Nary; andif changesaro thus made, the actual
cojt of and damage caused by such change shall
be estimated by such Board of survey.
Mr. STEVENSON. I ask the chairman of
till) ContmitUe ou Naval Affairs how long it.
wul probably take to build these ten war ships,
and whether it, is contemplated to put I hem
ail under contract at the same time?
•Mr. CKAGIN. i cannot exactly answer
till' Senator definite!)' as to how long tt will
take to build these vessels, bat I can say that
if this bill passes it is undoubtedly the purpose
of the Department to build them all as soon
as possible, probably within one year.
The Senator asks if it is the purpose to put
them all under contract at the same time. My
impression is that nearly all of them will be
built in the Government yards unless it shall
be decided to build two or three of them of
iron, in which case I presume they will be
built by-private contract.
I will say to the Senator that during the
present year eleven vessels now in commis-
sion, aggregating over twelve thousand tons,
will be condemned, which will go out of ser-
vice, and it is absolutely necessary if we main-
tain our present cruising force that these ves-
sels shall be made ready within a year. Nearly
all of them are to be small vessels, which will
be a great economy in the use of men and also
in the other expenses. We have a few large
vessels, good ones, now, like the Minnesota
and the Franklin, but they require five hun-
dred and thirty men as a complement. These
small vessels can be manned with one hun-
dred and ten men, so that we can send almost
five of them where we now send one of these
larger vessels; and it is absolutely necessary,
if we keep up our present cruising force on the
stations, that these vessels should be ready
within a year, if possible, to take the place of
those that will go out of existence.
Mr. STEVENSON. I shall vote against
this amendment. I shall go as far as any
Senator on this floor to stand by the honor of
the country and vote any appropriation which
the Navy Department may require or which
the honor of the country shall demand, but I
think we had better make haste slowly.
The Senate will remember—and if I am
wrong I beg that the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs will correct me—that
we have sunk, absolutely and utterly lost and
ruined from thirty to sixty million dollars in
mere experiments with monitors and other
vessels. The substantive fact stares the
Senate in the face that this money was used in
experimenting; and when science at this day,
in every field of discovery, is giving us the
benefit of new discoveries, why should we not
be satisfied with six new vessels at this time,
as proposed by the House bill ? When they
were completed we should know exactly the
cost; we should ascertain practically whether
it was best to have our steam cruisers built of
iron or of wood. I do not pretend to know
how the fact is, for like my colleague I know j
nothing about ship-building; but I have heard •
that upon the Pacific the water injures, from :
some chemical process, all iron vessels. I shall '
stand by the Naval Committee in everything t
that I believe to be just and necessary, but I ;
have not persuaded myself, nor have I heard
any argument advanced by which it is proved, ;
that we should undertake to build ten vessels |
now. I think six would be much the best '
number, and I should like the Senate to settle ,
whether they shall be of wood or of iron.
Mr. MOKRILL, of Maine. Will my hon- j
orable friend allow me to correct him 011 one ,
point ? |
Mr. STEVENSON. Certainly. j
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I understand j
him to say that, we have expended about sixty j
millions  1
Mr. STEVENSON. I said from thirty to i
sixty millions. - j
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. That is a broad
margin: but I will suggest to the honorable
Senator
Mr. STEVENSON. I will put it at thirty;
there has been an entire waste of $80,000,000.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. That is stated
very broadly. Allow me to say that the entire
expenditure upon the Navy, upon all ships
built for the Navy during the' war was fifty-
six millions, including ships built in the navy-
yards and ships built for it in private yards, and j
about sixty per cent, of that aggregation was '
for vessels built iu private yards. So the Sen-
ator will see that so far as experiments upon
monitors are concerned, he is very broad of
the mark.
Mr. SIEVENSON. I not only meant mo n-
itors, but other naval vessels. I am hot mis-
taken in the facts. We bad one hundred and
seventy-nine naval vessels, and how many have
we now? ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. At the close of
the war we had almost five hundred shins.
Mr. STEVENSON. Five hundred! How
many have we now fit for use?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. We have thirty-
six or thirty-seven in the naval service as
cruisers, exclusive of about four or five that
are on their way home, and the rest are iron-
clads, which are of course unsuited for sea
service, and a class of ships a portiou of which
had been retired and are not considered fit for
the service. Of course, at the close of the war
the great bulk of the ships which had cost the
Government so much, having been extem-
porized for a special purpose, to wit, the
blockade and river service, were found to be
utterly unfit for the service and were sold at
public auction.
Mr. STEVENSON. Let me ask my honor-
able friend, the Senator from Maine, whether
there were not a large number of monitors
that were built during the war which have
never been used at all. which are found incom'
petent for practical use?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. That is very
likely.
Mr. STEVENSON. When Isaid $30,000,000
I meant that during the war thirty millions of
money had been expended and wasted without
any sort of practical result except what might
have been the experience obtained in prevent-
ing future impracticable schemes from being
carried out.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I think there is
a great deal of truth in that general statement;
but it should be taken with this qualification
and with this understanding always, that at
the beginning of the war we had no navy ; our
Navy had so gone to decay that we were utterly
powerless ; we had little or nothing. We had
to meet a special emergency, which was the
blockade. Therefore we were obliged to call
upon the private yards and tax our own yards
to their utmost capacity to extemporizfia Navy,
and in that way of course great expenditures
were made beyond what would have been made
in ordinary times, and of course a great many
mistakes were made. That there was this ex-
penditure, this extravagant expenditure which
would have been wasteful under other circum-
stances, is undoubtedly true; but that is the
explanation.
Mr. STEVENSON. I did not intend to
make any tirade against the Administration
who undertook and under whose auspices this
large expenditure of money was made. That
was not my purpose. Still further was it from
my purpose to restrict this Government by any
niggardly appropriation from doing that which
its honors and its necessities require. But I
am a practical man. I am unwilling to under-
take to build ten vessels unless there is a
pressing necessity for it when six will answer ;
and in support of my opposition to this amend-
ment I incidentally remarked that I thought I
could show that more than thirty millions
were absolutely wasted. It may have been
that the interests of the country required it;
I do not say anything about that; I say let us
improve the future by the experience of the
past, and let us not undertake hurriedly to do
that, which we have time to do, and appro-
priate a larger amount of money than the
necessities of the country require. By the
building of six vessels we may get the advant-
age of all the discoveries and inventions
which science is daily unfolding; we may
improve and guard against the errors which
led to the waste of this money, and we shall
get better vessels; we shall get the latest
inventions; we shall have all the scientific
