768
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 22,
discoveries of the day brought as auxiliaries
hereafter in the building of such number after
the six -are completed as the honor or the
safety of the country demands. I do not
think we ought to go beyond six. I think both
prudence and experience would limit us to
that number.
Mr. CRAGIN. I wish, Mr. President, to
disabuse the Senate of one idea that has been
suggested by a number of Senators, that these
vessels are to be built as an experiment.
There is no experiment about it. They are
to be built as real vessels of war. The vessels
that they are designed to, take the place of,
those that are going out of existence, are, for
instance, the Kansas, the Mohican, the Nip-
sic, all vessels of about five or six hundred
tons burden. Those vessels were no experi-
ments. They were good vessels while they
lasted, but they were built of green white-oak,
and they have gone to decay. It is the pur-
pose under this bill to build all these vessels
of seasoned live-oak, which the Government
has cm hand; and if they are built exact mod-
els of the Nipsic, the Shawmut, the Yantic,
and others that I could name, they are sure
to be a success. Thereisno experiment about
it. The Government will undoubtedly avail
jtself of all recent information, and perhaps
instead of using the engine that was used in
these vessels, they may use the compound
engine, which is being used extensively by
the English Government. There will be no
experiment about that. The efficiency of that
engine has already been demonstrated.
I assure the Senate that there is, as I stated
before, an absolute necessity for this number
of vessels to take the place of those that are
going out of existence, not to say anything of
those that have already gone out of existence.
As I stated on Monday last, Congress has not
authorized the building of a single vessel of
war in the last eight years, a circumstance
unparalleled in the history of the Government.
In that time our naval marine has been going
to decay more rapidly than any man here can
imagine. I have regretted the necessity of
exposing the abject poverty of the Navy in
this respect. The nation was in debt; we had
spent large sums during the war ; and we
have been disposed to patch up the Navy and
get along the best way we could. We have
been patching up our old vessels until patch-
ing is out of the question. We have no more
vessels to patch, and if we had, it would be
verv poor economy to patch them. We can
build new ones cheaper, and they are abso
Iutely necessary if we mean to preserve even
the semblance of a small navy.
Mr. STEVENSON. It may be unfortunate
that the poverty of the Navy is exposed;
but Congress should not be deterred from a
free investigation of the appropriation of the
people's money, nor from scrutinizing thor-
oughly the action which it is proposed to take.
This bill will not remedy the poverty of the
Navy in the eyes of foreign nations. If we
were going into war, I ask my honorable friend
what would be the use of these small vessels?
They are not intended for war, as I under-
stand; they are intended merely to protect
the coast. They are to be limited to ten guns,
I believe. In a war with one of the great
naval Powers of Europe, what would these
little coasting naval ships be worth? We
should then have to build iarge steamers. We
should have to build the largest naval ships to
contend with England or France, or any of
the naval Powers of the world. Therefore,
there is nothing in the argument, as it occurs
to me, touching this amendment which ob-
viates my objection. If this were a proposi-
tion to prepare for war, it would be wholly
different. We are discussing the naked ques-
tion now, as I understand it, whether we shall
have ten of these small naval ships, or whether
we shall have six.
My friend says that we are mistaken in sup-
posing that this is an experiment. I think his
very argument shows that there must be some
experiment. We have learned at least by the
experience of the past that white-oak, unless
it is seasoned, will not answer. But this bill
does not determine whether we shall have
wood or iron as the material for the construc-
tion of these vessels. It is yet to be experi-
mented and yet to be determined whether
there are any waters on the Pacific coast where
iron vessels would answer. If they would not
answer there, and we build iron vessels, it
would be a waste of money, and we should but
repeat the experiment by which millions of
money have been sunk.
I look at this question in a practical point
of view. I have no other desire than to
uphold the flag and to vote every dollar that
the interests and honor of the country de-
mand ; but in doing that I wish to guard as
far as we can against the accidents of the past,
against those mishaps which have led to the
waste of public money. I think it would be
a great deal better for us to agree on six as
the number of vessels to be built, and see them
built, see them manned, see how they answer,
and then we can increase that number or we
can build larger ships if the country should
need them.
Mr, CRAGIN. The Senator from Ken-
tucky thinks that these vessels are to be so
small that they will answer no good purpose
in case of war.
Mr. STEVENSON. I did not say that. I
said they would not answer in contact with
the large naval ships of foreign Powers in the
event of a war. They might answer some
purposes.
Mr. CRAGIN. If these vessels are con-
structed as proposed several of them will be as
large as the Kearsarge, which met the Ala-
bama and did most excellent service on that
occasion. Even a little vessel of the class of
the Nipsic, which is to be condemned this
year, would be more than a match for any of
the large ships of fifteeu years ago that floated
anywhere in the world. .These vessels, al-
though they will be small comparatively, will
be very powerful. They will have speed; they
can be easily handled, and will be very efficient
in time of war. I coucur with the Senator that
there may be a necessity for building larger
ones. I should be glad if we could order the
building of one or two large ones now, but we
did not deem it best to press that matter while
this bill was being considered or at any early
time perhaps. There is a necessity for this
class of vessels and for the number which the
committee ask for.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the committee as
amended.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. That is
the main question, the amendment of the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs as a substitute for the
original bill ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is the
substitute offered by the Committee on Naval
Affairs as amended by the Senate.
Mr. TUURMAN. That, as I understand,
increases the number from six to ten.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It does.
Mr. THURMAN. Those who are opposed
to that increase will vote against the amend-
ment.
Mr. CASSERLY. I should like to inquire,
as a question of order, whether, if the amend-
ment of the committee to strike out the House
bill should be adopted, it will be in order after-
ward to offer any part of the House bill as an
amendment to the Senate bill?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will be
when the bill is reported to the Senate. The
bill is now in Committee of the Whole. The
question is on the amendment of the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs as amended by the
Senate, as a substitute for the House bill.
Mr. THURMAN. I think we might as well
n>t t'ie yeas anc* "a?3 on 'hat question.
1 he yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. I desire
to state that on this question the Senator from
West Virginia [Mr. Davis] is paired with the
Senator from New Jersey, [Mr. Stockton.]
The Senator from West Virginia would vote
against the amendment and against the bill,
and the Senator from New Jersey for them.
I will state further that my colleague [Mr.
Vickers] is detained from the Senate by indis-
position.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 34, nays 13 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alcorn. Ames, Anthony. Bayard,
Boreman, Buckingham, Carpenter, Chandler, Conk-
ling, Corbett, Cragin, Edmunds, Ferry of Connecti-
cut, Ferry of Michigan, Flanagan, Frelinghuyaen,
Gilbert, Hamlin, Harlan, Hill, Howe, Logan, Morrill
of Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Morton, Patterson,
Pool, Pratt, Ramsey, Sawyer, Scott, Spencer,
Stewart, and Wright—34.
. NAYS — Messrs. Casserly, Fenton, Goldthwaite,
Hamilton of Maryland, Hamilton of Texas, John-
ston, Kelly, Maehen, Norwood, Stevenson, Thur-
man, Tipton, and Trumbull—13.
ABSENT—Messrs. Blair. Brownlow, Caldwell,
Cameron, Clayton. Cole, Cooper, Davis, Hitch-
cock, Lewis, Nye, Osborn, Pomeroy, Ransom, Kiee,
Robertson,- Saulsbury, Schurz, Sherman, Sprague,
Stockton, Sumner, Vickera, West, Wilson, and
Windom—26.
So the amendment as amended was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I desire to
offer an amendment, to come in after the
amendment already made, which provides for
the survey by a board of naval officers where
any changes are to be made. I move to add
after the word " survey" the following :
And the terms of the contract shall provide "that
the contractors shall be bound by the estimate of said
board as to the amount of compensation they are to
receive or not to receive in consequence of any such
changes, or the changes shall not be made.
I have drawn up the amendment hastily, and
it may not fully and clearly express the idea,
which is this: that no changes shall be made
except upon an estimate of this board and an
agreement on the part of the contractors that
they will make the changes for the amount of
the estimates, and if. that agreement cannot be
made the changes shall not be made.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. My honorable
friend will see that that amendment would
put the Government in the power of the con-
tractors. As the Department always reserves
the right to itself to make changes, the con-
tractor would contract with that view. Now
the bill provides that when a change is to be
made the board shall consider it, and estimate
the expense, &c.; but the Senator' will see
that if he provides that it shall not be made
unless the price is determined, and leaves it
optional with the contractor to accept that
price or not, and the change shall depend
upon that fact, he puts the whole thing iu the
power of the contractor.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. May I in-
quire of the Senator from Maine if he thinks
a contractor would make such terms in a con-
tract, to make changes on the estimates of
such a board? If he does, I would much
prefer to strike out the last part, and provide
that the terms of the contract shall provide
that the changes shall be made upon the esti-
mate made by the board.
T J5r'i MOU^ILk' of Maine. Substantially;
1 think that is what the bill does provide. It
provides that changes shall not be made with-
out the advice of a board. Now, if I under-
stand the proposition of the Senator, it is that
they shall estimate the expense, and that
unless the contractor agrees to accept the price
^J?° chaPge Aall be made.
Mr EDMUNDS. May I ask what is the
object of having any limitation upon expendi-
ture, any estimate of the expense of a chanee.
unless you are to follow that estimate when
you have got it? What good does it do to say
to the Secretary of the Navy, or the construct
' Wh,1Cn 18 ,n Stance the same
g> You shall not make any change io
your plans in building these vessels aa they go
on, except upon the report of a certain board
estimating the expense, but when they havp
examined and reported and estimated the
