1728
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 25,
verdict of not guilty with respect to those
whose guilt was not established as it was to
render the painful verdict of guilty with re-
gard to those whose guilt was proved to us
beyond the possibility of a reasonable doubt.
Men have jumped, Mr. Speaker, to hasty
conclusions with reference to these men by not
bearing in mind the fact that the transactions
out of which these complications grew, and of
which we and all the world now possess a
knowledge, were not known at the time of the
occurence of these transactions as they are
now known to all men to-day. And therefore
it was that the committee said in that sentence,
of which I have made a criticism, that had it
appeared that these gentlemen were aware of
the enormous dividends upon this stock and
how they were earned we could not have ac-
quitted them. It requires, Mr. Speaker, those
who have been accustomed to compare and
analyze evidence, to consider and weigh ques-
tions of guilt and innocence, to discriminate
between the facts as of the present time and
the facts which are shown to have been in ex-
istence and within the knowledge of the parties
at the time the acts of guilt are imputed to
them. Now, sir, there was no evidence. I
challenge any candid man to look through that
record and say there was any satisfactory evi-
dence upon which this committee could act,
upon which it could come to any conclusion,
showing that those members of this House with
regard to whom we have not brought in any
condemnatory resolution were aware at all at
the time they made the contracts in question
of the existing state of facts which were but
too well known to those who dealt with them.
Mr. Speaker, the acts and conduct of
Oakes Ames .in inveigling these gentlemen
into the unfortunate predicament in which
th«y were placed can be characterized only
as acts of Satanic skill. He knew and under-
stood what were the relations of the Credit
Mobilierto the UnionPacific railroad; he knew
and understood what complications would
grow out of the predicament in which he was
placiug these men with reference to their sub-
sequent conduct. There is no evidence before
the committee thai they knew anything about
it at the time. If they had known what enorm-
ous dividends were to grow out of the con-
tract which they made with him the committee
could not have acquitted them ; but there is
no evidence that they did know it; on the
contrary, the evidence throughout is that he
represented to them that here was a good in-
vestment in the stocks of a contracting com-
pany, with reference to which he wasj^repared
toguaranty to them a dividend of ten per cent,
if they would consent to take such interest as
he designated in that stock.
So far as tho evidence goes, it was upon the
faith of these explicit representations and
assurances by him at the time that they entered
into these unfortunate relati^s. There is not
a scintilla qf evidence with reference to apyof
them that they knew what was to follow;" that
they knew what would be the enormous profits
derived from this arrangement.
Mr. ELDREDGE. Will the gentleman
allow me to call his attention to the fact that
they knew that the stock was to be paid for by
the dividend?
Mr. MERRICK. I will undertake to say
that the gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr.
EldredgeJ is not sustained by the evidence in
the assertion that he iniikes. There is no
evidence that they did know at the time they
made the contracts with him what the divi-
dends would be. If the gentleman will prove
that fact to me, I will go with him, marching
steadily on in the face of all the responsibili-
ties which belong to me as a sworn member of
the House, and as a sworn judge, in which
capacity I stand here, to expel each and every
man of them from the House.
Mr. ELDREDGE. If lam not interrupting
the gentleman too much, I would like to call his
attention ta this fact that these gentlemen must
have known when they received $329 as a
balance from the sale of the stock they re-
ceived what was really a dividend on the stock
which they had purchased.
Mr. MERRICK. Does not the gentleman
from Wisconsin [Mr. Eldredge] know well,
or has he not read the evidence at all—does
he not know well that the contract with each
and every one of these men was made in the
months of December and January, and that
the dividends of which he speaks were not
made until the 17th of June? Dow, then,
could they in December and January know of
that which did not take place until six months
tb6r6^itcr ?
Mr. ELDREDGE. Will the gentleman
yield to me for another question?
Mr. MERRICK. I will yield to everything
for the purpose of a fair discussion of the
facts in this cause, for, as I said, I am nothere
as an advocate, to seek to convict the guilty,
but that it is my highest and most solemn obli-
gation to do everything possible in acquitting
any and every man who can be proved to be
innocent. [Applause.]
Mr. ELDREDGE. I have no other motive
except to elicit the truth, and I presume that the
gentleman's position and mine are the same,
and if I can come to the same conclusion at
which he has arrived, I shall be very glad.
Now, as I understand the report of the com-
mittee, this was a continuing crime which these
persons committed, continuing through along
series of time after the original contract was
made, and long after the $329 was received,
which they knew to be a balance of dividends
after paying for the stock they had purchased.
Mr.' MERRICK. That affects another
question ; it alfeets a question upon which, as
I have already intimated, the committee did
not feel themselves called upon by the resolu-
tions of this House to pronounce.
Mr. LAMISON. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him a question ?
Mr. MERRICK. Perhaps I shall be able
to make myself understood if I am not inter-
rupted ; but if each and every member of the
House, before I speak a sentence or announce
a proposition, interrupts me with questions,
how is it possible that I can follow a continu-
ous line of thought or argument? The gen1
tleman from Wisconsin [Mr. Eldredge] has
asked me in reference to their reception of the
dividends in the month of June following. I
confess the full force of the argument con-
tained in that question. The committee it-
self was pressed by the logical argument, how
was it possible that these gentlemen should
subsequently have received these large divi-
dends, ahd as innocent men continue to re-
ceive the rewards of that which they must have
known to be an iniquitous transaction. That
was not the question presented before the
committee. It was only a question of evidence
reflecting back upon their motives. And
if the proof had not been distinct and positive
throughout, the proof by their accuser, Oakes
Ames, and the proof by themselves in their
defense, that they did not know at the time
they made the contract what was the character
of the dividends, what was the character of
the relation between the Credit Mobilier and
the Union Pacific Railroad Company—if the
proof had not been so distinct upon this point
from all quarters, uncontradicted anywhere,
then there would have arisen a most strong
presumption, nay, a presumption almost
amounting to conclusive proof, that they had
in the first instance a guilty knowledge of the
matter. But, as I say, the evidence was only
such evidence from which an inference might
be drawn. Being rebutted as it was by the
character of .the transaction, by the unbroken
testimony of all parties concerned in the mat-
ter, that these gentlemen at the time they en-
tered into the contract were ignorant of its
purpose, we could not give to that presump-
tion a conclusive force, since in law and in the
reason of all men it was but a presumption
susceptible of being repelled by positive proof.
Mr. LAMISON. Will the gentleman yield
to me for a question which I think is pertinent?
Mr. MERRICK. I will.
Mr. LAMISON. Was there any evidence
before the committee, either direct or by
implication, which gave the committee to
understand that Oakes Ames knew the value
of the stock at the time that he made these
contracts to deliver the stock to members of
Congress ?
Mr. MERRICK. Unquestionably he knew
it well. He knew that there was already a
large dividend declared. He knew that there
was the dividend of eighty per cent, of Union
Pacific railroad bonds declared on the 12th
day of December 1867. And there was a further
dividend of one hundred per cent, of Union
Pacific railroad stock declared and distributed
on the 4th day of January 1868, contemporane-
ously with the previous dividend of eighty per
cent, declared on the 12 th day of December 1867.
Oakes ame knew all of that. But, as the evi-
dence shows, he did not anywhere communicate
that knowledge to the members with whom he
dealt. And hence it was that I say, and I am
justified in saying, that he dealt with those men
at the time he dealt with them with satanic skill.
He sought to inveigle them into complications,
and then after they should become interested
and involved, he counted upon their interest,
to be subsequently disclosed to them, to oper-
ate upon their minds in guilty concurrence in
his corrupt purposes to influence the legisla-
tion of this Congress.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. Mr. Speaker, if
the gentleman will allow me 
Mr. MERRICK. I am an old lawyer, and
can bear interruption as well as the next man.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I would like to
ask the gentleman a question.
Mr. WHITTHORNE. I desire to ask the
gentleman a question. •
The SPEAKER. One at a time.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I desire to ask
the gentleman a question for information, and
to have a difficulty which is in my own mind
removed, upon the point the gentleman is now
on. I understood the gentleman to say that
Mr. Ames, with satanic skill  
Mr. MERRICK. Yes, sir; that is the term.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. Contrived and
prosecuted this scheme.
Mr. MERRICK. That is so.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. And kept from
the parties with whom he dealt the imforma-
tion which w'ould have repelled them had they
known as much as he did.
Mr. MERRICK. Which I hope would have
repelled them.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. My question is,
whether the committee had before it proof to
show—for I have not had time to read all
their testimony—that this statement is not
true which is contained in Mr. Ames's letter,
a letter dated at Washington, January 25,
1868 ? In speaking of part of these persons
with whom he dealt, he says:
"Part of the purchasers here are poor, and want
their bonds to sell to enable them to meet their
payment on the stock of the Credit Mobilier. I
have told thom what they would get as dividends,
and they expect it."
Mr. MERRICK. As I have stated, there was
no evidence whatsoever before the committee
that Mr. Ames communicated any such fact to
these members. He stated throughout what
he had communicated to them; they stated
throughout what he had communicated to
them. And there was no evidence whatsoever,
and none that we could get, except that which
was derived from the statements of Oakes
Ames, and of the several members of Con-
gress with whom he dealt. I will now hear
the question of the gentleman from Tennessee,
[Mr. Whitthorne. |
