*770
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 22,
.bound by the estimates of said board as to the
amount of compensation they are to receive in
consequence of any such changes.
Mr. THURMAN. I do not know but that
the Senator is right in his construction, that
that would still leave it with the Secretary of
the Navy to order the change or not. Perhaps
that is the construction, although I would
prefer it if it were more clearly expressed.
Mr. CORBETT. I suggest that the words
"or deduction" ought to be inserted in the
amendment after the word 11 compensation."
This board of survey might provide for such a
change that the expense would be less than
under the original contract. Some portion of
the work might be omitted, and consequently
any deduction that ought to be made on that
account should be provided for.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The Senator
from Oregon very likely would be more happy
in his language than the language of the
amendment, but the amendment does now
provide that the compensation shall be accord-
ing to the amount; that is to say, the amount
of compensation which the contractor shall
receive or not receive.
Mr. CORBETT. For such changes. But
suppose there is to be no compensation, but a
deduction?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. If the changes
diminish the cost, of course the compensation
will be diminished.
Mr. CORBETT. It seems to me the amend-
ment is not clearly expressed in that respect.
There ought to be a provision for any deduc-
tions that may be made.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Ed-
munds in the chair.) The question is on the
amendment of the Senator from Vermont.
Mr. THURMAN. I think the suggestion
of the Senator from Oregon is entitled to con-
sideration. It strikes me he is right. Sup-
pose this change made should reduce the
actual cost of building the vessel one fourth.
You reserve the right to make the change.
Must yon not reserve the right to make a re-
duction from the price which you have agreed
to pay? It seems to mc that is not provided
for in this bill.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. If the Sena-
tor will have the proposition read he will see
that it does provide for it.
Mr. THURMAN. I cannot see that itdocs.
Let us see how it is:
And after such plans aro approvod by tho proper
authority, they shall not be changed in any respect
oxcept upon the recommendation of a board of sur-
vey, composed of riot less than live otficers of tho
Navy, and approvod by tbo Secretary ot tho Navy;
and if changes are thus made, the actual cost of and
damage caused by such change shall bo ostimated
by such board of survey.
That is the cost to the contractor of mak-
ing the change, and the damage which he sus-
tains because the change is made are to be esti-
mated ; but, there i3 no provision here that if the
change shall reduce Ihe cost of constructing the
vessel even one half the contractor shall not
receive the full contract price that he was to be
paid. It is not that the estimates shall be of
the cost of building the vessel thus changed
and altered, but the provision is that the cost
of the change and the damage to the contractor
caused by the change shall be estimated. It
docs not at all meet the objection raised by the
Senator from Oregon. If it is passed in this
way, and the Secretary should change tho
vessel and reduce it from a ship of nine hun-
dred tons to a ship of five hundred tons, after
the contract is made, there will stand the con-
tract still to pay for a ship of nine hundred
tons, and this amendment would not help the
matter in the leust.
_ Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. T think the criti-
cism of the Senator from Ohio on the amend-
ment is probably correct, hut I think the
amendment is right as it is.
Mr. THURMAN. But it does not go far
enough. Let the amendment be adopted and
then go further.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. There is where
I differ with the Senator. I think it goes far
enough. I do not think you can get contract-
ors to take a contract for these vessels without
knowing whether they are going to build a ves-
sel of a certain number of tons or three times
that. I think any contractor would want to
know what he was to receive for the contract,
and not have the whole contract price reduced
by a tribunal in which he had not a voice one
half. My friend from Ohio refers to the ease
of railroad construction. I do not suppose he
ever knew a case of a contract which agreed
that the engineer of the railroad company might
reduce the price of the contract materially.
Mr. THURMAN. Oh, yes.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. It is very usual
to provide, as this amendment does, if a change
is made, as to the amount that shall be paid
for those changes ; but I think the Secretary
of the Navy and the board ought to know be-
fore they make the contract what character of
vessel they want.
Mr. CORBETT. I move to amend the
amendment in the manner I suggested; that
is, so as to provide that the contractor shall be
bound by the amount of increased or dimin-
ished compensation estimated by the board.
I move to insert in the amendment the
words "increased or diminished" before the
word "compensation;" so that it will read:
And the terms of the contract shall provide that
the contractors shall be bound by the estimates of
said board as to the amount of increased or dimin-
ished compensation they are to receive in eon-
seauence of any such changes.
My object is to provide that where the plans
are changed and tlie work thereby diminished,
an estimate of that shall be made and the
compensation diminished accordingly. There
may be a great deal of inside work on these
vessels that the Department may conclude not
to have done. Consequently, I desire to have
an estimate made of that amount of work, and
that the contractor shall be bound by such
estimates as shall be made by the board as to
the diminished cost by that omission.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator"from
Oregon to the amendment of the Senator from
Vermont.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Tho amendment as amended was adopted.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Ed-
munds.) The Chair is advised that the Sen-
ator from California [Mr. Casserly] desires
to move an amendment on the question of
agreeing to the amendment made in Com-
mittee of the Whole.
Mr. CASSERLY. What I propose tQ do, if
I may do it consistently with the rules of the
body, is, after the Senate shall have acted upon
the amendment adopted in committee, then to
propose an amendment to the bill as it shall
stand in tho Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That would
depend, in the opinion of the Chair, upon
whether the amendment proposed would
change the substance of the amendment
already agreed to. If it is merely adding to
what has been already agreed to, it would be
in order; if not, it would not he 111 order, and
would have to be moved now.
Mr. CASSERLY. I suppose I may offer any
amendment to the amendment of the com-
mittee ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. At this time.
Mr. CASSERLY. Then I shall offer the
most of the House bill, striking out the proviso
which requires the estimates to be returned to
Congress before any contract or order for con-
struction shall be made. Much objpetion was
made to that proviso on the ground of delay.
1 wish to obviate that objection, and therefore
have omitted all that part of the House bill:
The House bill, as I stated yesterday at much
more length than I shall now state, is, in my
judgment, a much more carefully considered
and guarded bill than the bill of the Senate
committee. I therefore offer it as an amend-
ment, and send it up to the desk, commencing
at the word "provided," in line six, page 1,
and adopting the rest of the House bill as
part of my amendment, except the proviso
struck out at the end, and going down to line
thirty-three, on page 2, ending with the word
" ship-yards."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from California proposes an amendment.,
which is the text, as the Chair understands,
of the original bill.
Mr.- CASSERLY. I have examined the
amendment adopted in committee, including
the amendment of the Senator from Ohio
[Mr. Sherman] and that of the Senator from
Vermont, [Mr. Morrill,] and I think that so
much of the House bill as I now offer is
entirely consistent with those amendments
adopted in committee.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment will be reported.
Mr. CRAGIN. It is evidently perfectly in-
consistent ; but let it be reported.
The Chief Clerk. It is proposed to amend
the amendment by inserting the following:
Provided, That not less than three of said vessels
shall be constructed in private yards in the United
States, under contract. And the models, plans, speci-
fications, and estimates for the aforesaid vessels shall
be procured from naval or civil marine architects,
subject to public competition and for suitable stipu-
lated rewards,_ upon advertisement; all of which
shall be submitted to a board of naval officers fur
approval and adoption, under the direction of the
Secretary of theNavy. And after tho models, plans,
specifications, and estimates, which may be a com-
bination of tho best features ot any or all the plans
submitted, or any one of them entire, have been
approved and adopted by the aforesaid board, and
approved by the Secretary, he may proceed to eon-
tract, under proper advertisements, for the con-
struction of the aforesaid vessels with the lowest
responsible bidder, who will give proper security for
the faithful fulfillment of the contract in each case;
the vessels^ to be" built according to the models,
plans, specifications, and estimates approved ami
adopted as hereinbefore provided for: Provided,
That the cost shall not exceed the estimates ap-
proved by the aforesaid board: And provided far-
ther, That the Secretary of the Navy shall, as soon
as practicable after the completion of said vessels,
make a report of the relative cost of those vessels
made of iron with those of wood, and the compara-
tive advantages of each, after experimental test;
also, the difference in cost of those constructed in
private ship-yards as compared with those con-
structed in Government ship-yards.
Mr. CASSERLY. I omitted something
inadvertently. I intended to propose that
amendment in lieu of so much of the Senate
amendment as commences in line forty, page
3, with the word " provided," and ends on line
forty-eight, with the word "Navy." My
amendment, as inserted in place of the lan-
guage thus indicated to be stricken out, will
be coherent with the rest of the bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Secre-
tary will again report that pait of the amend-
ment which shows the change in the amend-
ment as reported from the committee.
The Chief Clerk. The words just read are
proposed to be inserted in lieu of the following
words:
Provided, That a portion of said vessels shall bo
built, in whole or in part, in private yards, upon
contract with the lowest responsible bidder therefor
upon public competition and proposals, due notice
thereof being given by advertisement, upon plans
and specifications furnished by the Kavy Depart-
ment, and under its direction and supervision, if,
upon lul I examination and consideration, the same
shall be deemed practicable by the Secretary of tho
JN avy.
Mr. CASSERLY. The motion is to strike
out that clause and insert the part of the
House bill which has been read.
Mr. CRAGIN. I raise the question of
order that this amendment is not ia order,
it is substantially restoring what was struck
out when we adopted the amendment of the
coinmitleo as amended.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
overrules the point of order. The Senate,
