1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
771
as in Committee of the Whole, made but one
single amendment. The bill has been re-
ported to the Senate, and the question is on
concurring in the amendment made as in Com-
mittee of the Whole. That amendment, there-
fore, as one single subject for consideration,
is open to any amendment that may be pro-
posed.
Mr. CRAGIN. Then it is in order to move
to substitute the bill which was stricken out
by the amendment adopted by the Senate in
Committee of the Whole. That is what it is
practically.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
is not responsible for what it may practically
result in. The Chair only acts upon the rules
as they exist.
Mr. CRAGIN. Then, Mr. President, I am
quite sure the Senate will not adopt this amend-
ment, for it is practically the House bill, and
the Senate has already decided in favor of the
committee's amendment as a substitute for that.
The two things are perfectly inconsistent. In
the first place this amendment proposed by
the Senator from California provides that " not
less than three of said vessels shall be con-
structed in private yards." Now I will state
for the information of the Senate that it is abso-
lutely impossible for these vessels to be con-
structed in private yards of the material which
the Government will require these vessels to
be built of; that is, seasoned live-oak. There
is no such material in any private yard in this
country. It can only be found in the Govern-
ment yards, where there is plenty of it to con-
struct these vessels.
And then, Mr. President, the main idea of
the Senator from California is that it will be
of great advantage to have these models, plans,
aDd specifications adopted by a board of naval
engineers and officers or outside engineers and
officers. I suppose the Senator from California
and all other Senators know that the Secretary
of the Navy does notprovide models for ships,
that he does not provide plans and specifica-
tions and drawings. They are done by Navy
officers, by the officers of the Bureaus of Con-
struction and Engineering and by other officers.
of iron, but to build them all of wood, then I
stand by what I have just said, that it is not
practicable to build any of them of wood out-
side of the Government navy-yards at the
present time.
Mr. CASSERLY. Why not? The Sen-
ator from New Hampshire says because the
Government has the only large quantity of
seasoned live-oak timber to be had; But ia
retaining, as I do retain, all that part of the
Senate bill which provides for that very con-
tingency, I have already answered the Senator's
objection.
Now, let the Senate just look at the por-
tion of the Senate bill which I have preserved:
Or the hulls of any portion of said vessels may be
built upon private contract in Government yards
upon like proposals, plans, specifications, and super-
vision, and upon like examination and considera-
tion, the Government furnishing materials there-
for. *
If the Government can furnish the materials
for building in its own yards by private contract,
what is the reason that it cannot furnish the
live-oak to the contractor who is building in a
private ship-yard under contract with the Gov-
ernment? Is there any reason? The reason
which the Senator has given for the alleged
impracticability of the provision that three of
these ships shall be built in private yards
seems to me to be no reason whatever. There
is no material entering into a ship which can-
not be obtained as well by a private individual
with sufficient means as by the Government,
except seasoned live-oak. That material the
Government can furnish just as well to a pri-
vate contractor in a private ship-yard as it can
furnish it to a private contractor in a Govern-
ment ship-yard, the latter being precisely the
S case provided for by the Senator's bill.
I I regret, sir, that the Senator from New
Hampshire should be so tenacious of his own
bill and of every feature of it. I do not know
of one amendment that the Senator has vol-
untarily accepted except the amendment of
the Senator from Ohio, as amended by the
Senator from Vermont. The Senator from
New Hampshire has once or twice remarked
on the length of the time occupied by the
The Secretary has the advice of competent || debate on the bill. I think I am not speak-
■ " * *15'   ' ing entirely without warrant when I say that
! if the Senator had been content to accept the
| bill as it came from the House, with perhaps
J a few alterations not materially changing the
| nature of the House bill, it would have been
| passed the very first day of the debate. He
1 did not choose to adopt it, but brought here
> an entirely new bill, destitute for the most
; part as it seems to me of the necessary guards
[I and of all the guards which the House bill
!; provided for.
|i I have no object to serve in the world ex-
p cept to have such a bill as will really give us
li the worth of our money. We have too long,
it seems to me, contented ourselves with voting
whatever appropriations were asked for, with-
out making any proper provision for the due
application of the money, in respect to vessels
of war. Now wo are commencing, as the
Senator has said, doubtless correctly, after a
lapse of eight years, again to build vessels. 1
wonder that such strenuous objection should
be made by the friends of this measure to the
safeguards of the House bill, and especially to
that which provides for the constitution of a
proper naval board to inspect the plans, draw-
. mgs, models, and specifications, and the esti-
1 mates as well, subject to the approval of the
j Secretary of the Navy, before any contract or
' order for construction is made. Why should
j there be any objection to a security of that
'■ sort? The board is to be created by the Sec-
' retary of the Navy. It is not likely therefore
i to offer merely vexatious opposition to nis
views. On the contrary, there is every reason
: to believe that it will be a board desirous of
■ acting in harmonv with liim and with his
views as far as possible. And yet it is re-
i sisted and opposed as though there was a
i hostile intent, iu the proposition, and as though
officers before the building of any vessel is
undertaken, or before any contract is made.
But I trust that it is not necessary to discuss
this amendment, for I believe the Senate will
vote it down without any remarks.
Mr. CASSERLY. Mr. President, I under-
stand the Senator from New Hampshire to say
that so much of the amendment, really the
House bill, as provides for the building of a
portion of these vessels in private yards is im-
practicable. Has the Senator already forgot -
teu that his own bill has a proviso of that kind,
the only difference being that it is conditional
on its practicability? Now if, as he says,
standing in his place and on his responsibility
as the chairman of the Committee on Naval
Affairs, it is utterly impracticable, and he
knew that beforehand, what is the meaning or
the object of the provision in his biil? I will
read what it says, to be found on the third
page, commencing at line forty:
Provided, That a portion of said vessels shall be
built, in whole or iu part, in Private yards, upon
contract with the lowestresponsiblebiddertheretor,
upon public competition and proposals, duo notice
thereof being: given by advertisement, upon plans
and specifications turmshed by the Nau depart-
ment and under its direction and supervision, if.
upon full examination and consideration, the same
shall be deemed practicable by the Secretary ot the
Navy.
Now, the chairman of the committee says
he knows that the plan is not practicable. ^
Mr. CRAGIN. I will explain if the .Sen-
ator will allow me. 1 stated, 1 think yester-
day. in reply to the Senator from Delaware,
[Mr. Bavam>.] that if any of these vessels
wcrt- built of iron, it was quite probable shey
won ill be built outside by private contiact.
but that would be a question for the fonsider-
ation of the Secretary. If be shall determine
that it is not best to build any of these vessels
the board to be constituted would be a board
that of necessity would be adverse to the views
or to the policv of the Secretary of the Navy.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on agreeing to the amendment proposed
by the Senator from California.
Mr. CASSERLY. I think I must ask for
the yeas and nays on that.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 12, nays 29: as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Casserly, Corbett, Hamil-
ton of Maryland, Johnston, Kelly, Maelien, Nor-
wood, Schurz, Stevenson, Thurman, and Tipton—12.
NAYS—Messrs. Alcorn, Boreman, Buckingham,
Caldwell, Carpenter, Chandler, Conkiing, Cragin,
Edmunds, Ferry of Connecticut, Ferry ot Michigan,
Flanagan. Gilbert, Hamlin. Hill, Lewis, Logan,
Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Vermont. Morton. Nye,
Patterson, Pratt, Ramsey, Scott, Spencer, Wilson,
Windom, and Wright—29.
ABSENT—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Blair, Brown-
low,Cameron, Clayton, Cole, Cooper, Davis. Fenton,
Frelinghuysen, Goldthwaite, Hamilton of Texas,
Harlan, Hitchcock, Howe, Osborn, Pomeroy, Pool,
Ransom, Rice, Robertson, Saulsbory. Sawyer, Sher-
man, Sprague, Stewart, Stockton, Sumner, Trum-
bull, Vickers, and West—32.
So the amendment was rejected.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion recurs on concurring in the amendment
made as in Committee of the Whole.
The amendment was concurred in.
The amendment was ordered to be en-
grossed and the bill to be read a third time.
The bill was read the third time.
Mr. THURMAN. I ask for the yeas and
nays on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. Upon this
question the Senator from West Virginia [Mr.
Davis] is paired with the Senator from New
Jersey, [Mr. Stocktox.] If present, Mr.
Davis would vote against the bill and Mr.
Stock.tox for it.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 39, nays 8; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alcorn, Ames, Anthony, Bayard,
Boreman, Buckingham, Caldwell, Carpenter, Chand-
ler, Conkling, Corbett. Cragin, Edmund'!. Fenton,
Ferry of Connecticut, Ferry of Michigan, Flanagan.
Frelinghuysen. Gilbert. Hamlin, Hill, Hitchcock,
Howe, Lewis, Logan. Morrill of Maine, Morrill ot
Vermont, Morton, Nye, Patterson, Pratt, Ramsey,
Schurz. Scott. Tipton, Trumbull. Wilson, windom,
and Wright—39.
KAYS—Messrs. Casserly, Hamilton of Maryland,
Johnston, Maehen, Norwood, Sherman, Stevenson,
and Thurman—8. .
ABSENT—Messrs. Blair, Browalow, Cameron,
Clayton, Cole, Cooper, Davis, Goidthiraite. Ham-
ilton of Texas, Harlan, Kelly, O-sborn, Pomeroy,
Pool, Ransom, Rice, Robertson, Saulsbury, Saw-
yer, Spencer, Sprague, Stewart, Stoekton, Sum-
ner, Vickers, and West—26.
So the bill was passed.
The title was amended by striking out
"six"' and inserting "ten;" soasto read, "A
biil to authorize the construction of ten steam
vessels of war, and for other purposes."
MESSAGE FROM TUB HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had agreed to the amendments
of the Senate to the following bills:
A bill (H. It. No. 2878) to pay the county
of Ontario, in the State of New York, the sum
of $25.500; and
A bill (.H. R. No. 2943) to provide for the
erection of a public building at Nashville, Ten-
uessee.
The message further announced that the
House had passed the following bills; in which
it requested the concurrence of the Senate:
A bill (H. It. No. 332(5) for the relief of
settlers on the late Sioux Indian reservation
in the State of Minnesota:
A bill (H. R. No. 3470) to amend an act
entitled ''An act granting the right of way to
the Walla-Walla and Columbia River Railroad
j Company, and for other purposes," approved
'• March 3', 1 69;
i A bill (H. R. No. 8-534) authorizing the
First National Bank of Watkins, New York,
to change its location and name ; and
A bill (H. R. No. 3t>17) making an appro-
