THE CONGRESSIONAL GTLOBE.
January 22,
priation to defray the expenses of the Ameri-
can and British claims commission.
enrolled bills signed.
Themessagealso announced that the Speaker
of the House of Representatives had signed
the following enrolled bill's; and they were
thereupon signed by the Vice President:
A bill (H. R. No. 171) to provide for the
sale of part of the light-house reservation at
Fort Gratiot, Port Huron, in the State of
Michigan;
A bill (H. R. No. 2886) for the relief of
Margaret Fillebrown;
A bill (S. No. 1144) to give to the bark
Jewess an American register;
A bill (H. R. No. 2943) to provide for the
erection of a public buildiDg at Nashville,
Tennessee;
A bill (H. R. No. 2878) to pay the county
of Ontario, in the State of New York, the sum
of $18,000;
A bill (H. R. No. 2871) to abolish the
grades of Admiral and Vice Admiral in the
Navy of the United States ; and
A joint resolution (H. J. R. No. 184) tender-
ing the thanks of Congress to Captain David
Ritchie, commanding the revenue steamer
Moccasin, and the officers and men under his
command.
amendments to appropriation bill.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan, and Mr. STEW-
ART submitted amendments intended to be
proposed by them to the bill (H. R. No. 2991)
making appropriations for the legislative, exec-
utive, and judicial expenses of the Government
for the year ending June 30, 1874, and for
other purposes ; which were referred to the
Committee on Appropriations, ani ordered to
be printed.
order of business,
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I move that
the Senate proceed to the consideration of the
bill (II. R. No. 2991) making appropriations
for the legislative, executive, and judicial
expenses of the Government for the year end-
ing June 90, 1874, and for other purposes, of
which I gave notice yesterday.
Mr. RAMSEY. Some days ago I gave
notice to the Senate that I would call up the
bill (S. No. 341) to reduce the rates of corre-
spondence by telegraph, and to connect the
telegraph with the postal service. I, of course,
cannot expect to antagonize this bill with the
legislative, executive, and judicial appropria-
tion bill; but I hope the Senate will agree to
some day in tho immediate future when this
bill may be gone through with ; say Monday of
next week ; or, if that cannot be done, say
Friday of next week, when they will allow
this bill to be brought to the attention of the
Senate. [" Say Monday."] I ask the S (mate
to agree that this bill be made the special order
for Monday of next week.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Ed-
munds in the Chair.) The pending question
being on the motion of the Senator from
Maine, to proceed to the consideration of the
legislative, executive, and judicial appropria-
tion bill, the Senator from Minnesota asks
unanimous consent that the postal telegraph
bill be made the special order for Monday
next. Is there objection ?
Mr. CONKLING. The Senator from Min-
nesota will remember that we have recently
passed one telegraph bill. The aerial tele-
graph bill was completed the other day. We
have not yet acted upou the bill lo repeal the
franking privilege, and until that bill can
either be considered, or a day fixed for its
consideration, 1 must object.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objection
is made to the proposition of the Senator from
Minnesota. The question is on agreeing to
the motion of t.lie Senator from Maine.
Mr. 1 HURMAN. 1 dislike very much to
object to take up ail appropriation bill; but I
do hope that we may be allowed to go on to-
day with the Calendar, under what is known
as the Anthony rule, and take up this appro-
priation bill to-morrow. I do not. wish to take
up time in discussion ; but it is of no earthly
use for committees to be reporting bills which
ought to pass, and to which there is no ob-
jection, if the Senate never will consider them.
Under this rule no bill can be considered if it
is objected to: a single objection carries it
over. We can under the rule, if we take up
the Calendar, dispose of most of the bills to-
day if we stick to it. Let us do that, or else
let the committees cease to take up their time
in considering bills and reporting them to the
Senate, which are all to fall on the 4th of
March. I hope that the Senator from Maine
will not press his motion, but will allow us to
proceed with the Calendar to-day.
Mr. PRATT. I hope the suggestion of the
Senator from Ohio will be followed. There
are a great many private bills on the Calendar
to which there is no possible objection. From
one committee alone there are forty-two pri-
vate bills reported that are now upon the Cal-
endar—I refer to the Committee on Pensions—
and I hope that his suggestion will be adopted,
and that we shall proceed with the call of the
Calendar this afternoon.
Several Senators. That is right.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. X do not wish
to antagonize this appropriation bill against
the general desire of the Senate to proceed
with the Calendar, if progress can be made
with it, but at the same time I must submit to
the Senate that at this late period in the ses-
sion, with only two bills passed by this body
of this character, and with eleven still behind,
and only from this time until the 4th of March
to accomplish all this, the Senate will find it
necessary, when these bills are brought in and
the committee are ready, to proceed with them,
if they propose to adjourn on the 4th of March ;
or, in other words, if they do not expect to
have an extra session, they will find it abso-
lutely necessary to meet the public necessities
to allow the consideration of these bills. We
may make some progress with this bill to-
night. It is now almost three o'clock. After
the statement which has been made, the Sen-
ate will do as they choose.
Mr. SHERMAN. There is not a Senator
here who does not feel embarrassed by the
condition of the Private Calendar. I am often
requested to move to take up particular bills,
but I decline to do so even as to bills of im-
portance from the committee of which I am a
member, because I do not want to take an ad-
vantage by seeking to get them up out of their
order. I suggest that as the appropriation
bill is now before us practically we let it be
taken up formally and postponed until to-
morrow at one o'clock, to be the unfinished
business for that time, and that we then pro-
ceed with the Calendar for the rest of to-day.
At the suggestion of the Senator from New
York, [Mr. Conkling,] I propose that the
appropriation bill be taken up formally and
then be laid aside informally, so that it may be
the unfinished business for to-morrow ; and in
two hours to-day, if Senators will make their
objections promptly to bills they intend to
object to, we shall go through the Calendar,
in my judgment, and in that way dispose of
the undisputed cases. If my friend from
Maine will consent to that course I think it
will be agreeable to the Senate.
Mr. MORRILL, ol Maine. This will be a
broken day any way ; and if it is the desire of
the Senate to let this appropriation bill come
up, with the understanding that it goes on to-
morrow at one o'clock without question, 1
have no objection.
Mr. ITILJUMAN. Take it up now and lay
it aside informally.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is my proposition.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I have no ob-
jection.
1 he PRESIDING OFFICER, The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from
Maine to take up the bill (H. R. No. 2991)
making appropriations for the legislative,
executive, and judicial expenses of the Gov-
ernment for the year ending June 30, 1874,
and for other purposes.
The motion was agreed to..
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill is
before the Senate in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. SHERMAN. Now I ask the Senator
to give way informally to tho Calendar.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor from Ohio asks unanimous consent that
this bill be laid aside informally, to be the
unfinished business to-morrow at one o'clock,
in order to proceed to-day with the Calendar,
under the so-called Anthony rule. Is there
objection to that proposition of the Senator
from Ohio ? The Chair hears no objection.
Mr. ANTHONY. I think there is very
great force in what, the Senator from Ohio said
in regard to proceeding with the Calendar, and
I hope Senators who have objections to bills
will make them before the bills are read, with-
out consuming the time of the Senate in read-
ing the bills and having preliminary speeches
made. If a Senator is determined to object to
a oill, it is much better to do it at once, and
not waste time.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will state to the Senate that the first bill is No.
689 in the order of business, on page 10-of the
Calendar. The bill will be reaa.
public buildings at cincinnati.
The Chief Glerk. The first bill on the
Calendar is the bill (H. R. No. 2867) to regu-
late the exercise of eminent domain in secur-
ing a site for public buildings in the city of
Cincinnati.
Mr. CONKLING. I inquire of the Senator
from Ohio if there is any pressing need of
action on that bill. I do not want to object
to it, but I suggest that it might be passed
over.
Mr. THURMAN. There is exactly the same
need that there was at the last session, except
this: that the Legislature of Ohio is now in
session, and those who think that the Legisla-
ture of Ohio has authority to provide for the
condemnation of property for the use, not of
the State of Ohio, but of the United States,
will be content, of course, with the action of
that Legislature. , I never was able to see
exactly the logic by which tbe State of Ohio
could provide, under the right of eminent
domain that belongs to her as a State, for the
condemnation of property for the use of
another sovereignty. That is the only diffi-
culty.
Mr. CONKLING. I do not object to the
consideration of the bill, but I thought per-
haps the Senator would not care to have it
considered now.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. This bill has
been before the Senate as in Committee of the
Whole, and has been read at length, and one
amendment to it has been agreed to. No
amendment is now pending.
Mr. SCOTT. As this bill involves a subject
upon which the Senator from Wisconsin [Mr.
Carpenter] a few days since introduced a
geueral bill, and gave notice that he intended
to address the Senate upon it, discussing par-
ticularly its constitutional features, I think we
had better postpone this bill until we get the
general bill before us.
PBNTER. I shall ask the Senate
on lucsday next to indulge me for thirty
minutes on that general subject, and shall then
move to refer that bill to the Judiciary Com-
mittee
The PRESIDING OFFICER. This bill
will be passed over, and the next bill on the
Calendar will bo reported.
courts at sykacusb.
The Chief Clerk. The next bill on the
Calendar is the bill (H. R. No. 2693) to pro-
vide lor an additional term of the district and
