1732
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 25,
debate as 111 Committee of the Whole, no busi-
ness whatever to be transacted.
message from tiie senate).
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Sympson, one of its clerks, notifying the
House that that body had disagreed to the
' amendments of the House to a bill (S. No. 693)
to provide for the further endowment and sup-
port of colleges for the benefit of agricultural
and the mechanic arts and the liberal a,nd
practical education of the industrial glasses in
the several pursuits and professions in life as
established under an act of Congress, approved
July 2, 1862, had requested a committee of
conference on the disagreeing votes of the
the two Houses, and had appointed as managers
of said conference on its part Mr. Morrill
of Vermont, Mr. Sawyer of South Carolina,
and Mr. Stevenson of Kentucky.
credit mobilier
Mr. WAKEMAN. Mr. Speaker, being
placed in a position where I have to decide'
the question as submitted as a juror, I propose
in the few moments I shall take to state the
reasons for the vote I shall give. I have great
respect for the committee which reported the
resolutions under consideration. I am satis-
fied the members of the committee have dis-
charged their duty as they understood it with
impartiality and with caution. They have
performed their duty, and it is now our priv-
ilege to perform ours in a way that shall satisfy
our consciences w.hen the excitement of the
hour shall have passed away.
How are we to proceed? Are we to con-
sider the accused guilty to begin with? Orshall
tbey under the common law of the country be
presumed innocent until they have been proved
guilty? Are we to proceed ou the ground that
they are to prove themselves innocent? Are we
not to give them that shield of the common
law given to the meanest culprit, and presume
them to be innocent until they have been
proved to be guilty? Certainly, in my judg-
ment.
In the short time I shall occupy the floor I
will proceed to consider this whole matter in
the nature of an indictment against the accused.
In the first place arises the question of juris-
diction. In reference to that question I am
not satisfied as to the question of jurisiction.
Are we to take jurisdiction of a case of this
kind when the facts alleged transpired some
five or six years ago, when the accused were
not members of this House? To do any such
thing, in my judgment, is of doubtful propriety
even if we possessed the power. In New York,
and I presume elsewhere, the statute of limit-
ations runs against this crime within three
years after its perpetration.
I am not convinced, however, from the evi-
dence this offense as alleged has been com-
mitted. I am not satisfied the corpus delicti
has been proved, and therefore my judgment
will be based entirely upon the testimony pro-
duced bearing upon the case itself, rather than
upon any consideration ofjurisdiction, although
the question of jurisdiction is of itself a serious
one.
By the rules of evidence as I understand it,
in reference to any given transaction if it is
susceptible of two interpretations, the one
pointing to innocence and the other pointing
to guilt, we are to adopt the one pointing to
innocence rather than the one pointing to
guilt.
If that be a correct interpretation of the law
of evidence, then I ask how stands this case?
The crime alleged is that of bribery. I ask
for the evidence before us which points to this
transaction, and to have applied to it the same
rule which is applied to a man taken from the
Tombs. Is it not competent and proper for
a man to sell stock although it may happen
to be railroad stock? Not a word of evidence
is adduced here to show the purpose one way
or the other. So blind were all these parties
in this transaction in dealing with Oakes
Ames that they did not know the transaction
itself, although they are some of the very best
men in this House! Look at it. Not a word
has been said from the beginning to the end
as to the purpose of selling this stock. No
terms had been made, and there was not a
whisper against one party or the other on the
subject. Apply the rule I have indicated, and
just here I ask the Clerk to read the definition
of bribery from Webster's Dictionary.
The Clerk read as follows :
" Bribery: The act or practice of giving or taking
reward for corrupt purposes. The act of paying or
receiving a reward for false judgment or testimony,
or for performance of that which is known to be
illegal or unjust. It is applied both to him who
gives, and him who receives."
Mr. WAKEMAN. Now, Mr. Speaker, you
will see by that definition that there can be
no such thing as bribery unless there be two
parties to it, as has already been well stated
to-day. And where we have no evidence that
a word looking to what is corrupt has been
lisped between the parties in one way or
another, can we infer, have tve the right to
infer in a criminal case, guilt rather than
innocence? Can we from the bare fact of the
stock being worth fnore than par in the market
—although it appears that the stock was not
really in the market—can We infer from that
fact a purpose? If so, what was it? I say it is
necessary in order to constitute bribery that
the parties receiving the bribe must have some
little inkling of the purpose, some knowledge
on the subject somehow or other. Is there any
legislation which makes this a crime ? Has any
one ever attempted to make acrime of this? I
have failed to discover any Such crime in the evi-
dence : and as I am called upon to decide this
matter on the evidence, as I understand it, I'
wish to give such a vote as shall satisfy fne
after the clamor of the hour shall have passed
away.
I am not insensible, Mr. Speaker, to the fact
that there is a clamor abroad on this subject; I
am not insensible to the fact that the cry has
gone forth " Crucify them 1" Crucify them !"
But I wish to be governed here in this hour
of excitement by such a calm judgment that
after the Forty-Second Congress shall have
been numbered among the things that were, I
shall be able to say that I have given an hon-
est, even should it be a mistaken, vote. I think
we should all feel much better after this hour
of excitement has passed away, if in reflecting
on this matter we shall be able to say we
have not been carried by any cry got up by
mere outside pressure. Let us apply this
question to the principles of the common law,
which are the shield and the safeguard' of
every one among us. If we do not guard
tUose principles we do not know whose turn
may come to-morrow. If you break down the
barriers of protection with which the principles
of the common law surround the citizen, you
cannot tell whose turn may come next.
I ask, is it not far better to follow the prece-
dents which have come down to us from former
generations, than to yield to any cry got up by
a temporary clamor? If we apply the prin-
ciples of the common law in this case, then, if
we have a rational doubt in the case, we are
required to give that doubt in favor of inno-
cence rather than of guilt. If we have to do
with a case of fraud, we know that the fraud
has always to be proved, that it is never to
be inferred. But in this case we are asked to
infer everything, everything except the bare
transaction of sale ; and that may point to
innocence as well as it may point to guilt.
If, then, Mr. Speaker, we can apply the prin-
ciples of ihe common law to the cases of these
men, let us do so, and let us do it fearlessly,
according to the best dictates of our own con-
sciences. Just as we are aboutto part, to meet
probably no more forever, shall we.in the last
expiring hours of this Congress do an act
that we shall be sorry for hereafter ? I trust
and hope not. I hope every one will be able
to give a reason that will satisfy his own con-
science for the course he may now take, atld
that he will be able to reflect upon it with -sat-
isfaction after he shall have passed away from
this Hall, when he looks' back upofl the scenes
that have transpired here. It is possible, sir,
that we may err. Perhaps we may. But it
will be a sweet reflection to remember, that if
we have erred it has been on the side of mercy
rather than on the side of justice. It will be
a sweet remembrance to" any one of us, who
is able to Bay, '' If I have erred I have erred in
fovor of a broad humanity, rather than on the
other side."
But for my part, sir, I amr not driven to that
necessity at all. I am not satisfied myself
from the evidence that a crime has been com-
mitted by anybody. It was once considered
an established maxim of criminal jurispru-
dence that in case of murder the dead body
must be found, and I believe it is still substan-
tially recognized. In this case, Mr. Speaker,
I do not find the dead body. I do not see
evidence of a crime having been committed
by these men.. And, with my present light on
the Subject, I atn convinced that it is my duty
to vote not only against the resolution No. 1,
but also against the resolution No. 2.
I am not prepared to say that I can vote for
a resolution that shall send this question to a
frand jury. I prefer to dispose of it now and
ere, according to the indictment presented
to me. Other gentlemen, of course, may
take a different view of their duty, and will
vote according to the best of their judgment.
This is a case' where each individual must
judge for himself, must vote for himself, and
act for himself; but whatever view he takes
he ought to act fearlessly, without favor or re-
ward or the hope thereof. * And for my part I
propose to do that, and to give such a vote as
I shall be satisfied with when I shall come to
review my ifctioia upon these cases after I
shall have passed away' from this Hall. I
shall be compelled, as I have saidj to vote
"no" on these resolutions, both of them, for
the reasons I have stated.
Mr. Speaker, I hardly know personally the
gentlemen who are affected by this report.
I have seen the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Ames] as 1 have seen other gentlemen
here who are strangers. I have no speaking
acquaintance with him. I presume the gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. Brooks] might
not know me if he should meet me in the street.
I have no personal feelings for or against
these men. There is therefore nothing to
prevent me from dealing with their cases as
I would d'eal with the case of any one against
whom a similar charge might be brought. The
same principle which I have applied to one I
would apply to all; and in our doing so lies
the safeguard of every citizen of the Country.
These gentlemen do not know me; I db not
know them. They have not known what my
feelings on the 'Subject have been, and what I
have said here has no personal reference, but is
in support of what I believe to be a principle
which we should uphold. I believe I Should
commit a great mistake if I took the other side.
A learned judge in New York once said,
when reviewing the case brought up from a
referee in which a counselor-at-law was a
party, that the case showed a weakness on the
part of the referee in that he did not give a
right decision because he was afraid it might
be thought he was favoring a brother lawyer.
I say, will it not show a weakness on our part
if we fail to do our duty for fear some one will
say that Mr. Wa&eMan or some one else is in
favor of corruption, or of some one that is cor-
rupt, if he does not support these resolutions ?
No, sir ; let us do our duty fearlessly; let us
not be carried away by any senseless cry j- let
us do justice; let us not show weakness by
voting differently from the way in which1 we
should vote according to the evidence. I know
that a timid man might be prevented from
doing his duty by a consideration of this kind.
It might be said that he was in favor of cor-
