1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
773
circuit court of the United States at Syracuse,
New York.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. This bill
was reported adversely from the Committee
on the Judiciary. The question is on its in-
definite postponement.
The bill was postponed indefinitely.
teciie collection district.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 1156) to define the limits of the col-
lection district of the Teche, in the State of
Louisiana, and for other purposes.
Mr. THURMAN. The Senator from Louis-
iana who reported that bill (Mr. Kellogg)
being not now a member of the body, I think
it had better go over.
Mr. WEST. Does the Senator object?
Mr. THURMAN. I will not object if the
Senator desires action.
Mr. WEST. Let the bill go over.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill will
be passed over.
james c. pickett.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(H. R. No. 2569) authorizing the proper ac-
counting officers of the Treasury to revise and
adjust the accounts of James C. Pickett, late
charg6 d'affaires to Peru.
The bill was read.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is a bill without
any limitation. We are not in (he habit of
passing bills in that way. I suggest to the
Senator having it in charge that it is setting a
very bad example to pass a bill to allow one
of'.he Departments to settle and adjust aclaim
without any limit. There ought to be some
limitation upon it, either in amount or confined
in some way. If we do this in one ease, we
shall do it in others, and it is a dangerous
precedent.
Mr. CASSERLY. It isa long time, at least
long lor a memory as imperfect as mine is
about matters of detail, since I had that bill in
my hands, and since I reported it. I have
almost forgotten the subject-matter of the bill.
It came from the House of Representatives,
having there been favorably reported by the
Committee on Foreign Affairs, precisely in the
condition in which we reported it back from
the Committee on Foreign Relations in this
body. Since the bill was passed in the House,
I believe, James C. Pickett, has departed this
life, and undoubtedly the bill will require some
amendment even if it is to pass. There was,
I am satisfied, some reason for not limiting
the amount to be allowed by the Treasury offi-
cer. Probably the reason was that the whole
amount claimed, which it was somewhat indefi-
nite as to whether it was this or that particular
sum. was not by any means a large one from
the papers as we had them before us. Without
lookmg over the papers it will be impossible
for me to furnish any further information in
regard to this bill. I suppose it had better
be passed over for the present until the papers
can be examined.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill will
be passed over.
battles 01' the rebellion.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 1104) to regulate the Army Register
audi be regimental colors of the United States.
Mr. SCliURZ. The Senator from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Sumxku] not being here, I ask
that thai bill be passed over.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill will
go over.
advances by states.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 1212) to refund to the States the inter-
eft on money borrowed to equip, par, supply,
.and transport troops for the service of the
United States in the recent war.
Mr. FENTON. Let. that bill go over.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill will
go over.
exchange of bonds.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 1222) authorizing the exchange of
registered bonds for coupon bonds.
Mr._ SHERMAN. I have no objection to
that bill being indefinitely postponed, as there
is a House bill in precisely the same language
a little further on.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there be
no objection, on the motion of the Senator
from Ohio this bill will be indefinitely post-
poned. It is so ordered.
japanese indemnity fdnd.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(H. R. No. 2798) to release the Government
of Japan from the payment of the balance of
the indemnity fund remaining unpaid, amount-
ing to $375,000, under the convention of
October 22, 1864.
Mr. SCHURZ. The Senator from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Cameron] not being here, I ask
that that bill be passed over.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill will
be passed over.
warren raymond.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(H. R. No. 1207) granting an increase of
pension to Warren Raymond, a soldier of the
war of 1812; which was considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole.
The Committee on Pensions reported the
bill with an amendment in line seven, to strike
out, after the word "twelve," the words "four
dollars per month increase on (he pension he
is now drawing, from the 4th of September,
1870, up to the date of the passage of this
act, and thereafter pay him," and at the end
of the bill to insert the words "from the
age of this act;" so as to read:
That the Secretary of the Interior be, and he is
hereby, authorized and directed to cause to be paid
to Warren Raymond, who was a private in the one
hundred and thirty-fourth regiment New York vol-
unteer infantry, war of 1812. a pension at the rate
of eight dollars a month during his natural lifetime,
from the passage of this act.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended ; and the amendment was con-
curred in. The amendment was ordered to
be engrossed and the bill to be read a third
time. The bill was read the third time, and
passed.
wesley hensley.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(H. R. No. 2443) granting a pension to Wes-
ley Henslev; which was considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole. It proposes to direct
the Secretary of the Interior to place on the
pension-roll, subject to the provisions and
limitations of the pension laws, the name of
Wesley Hensley, late a private in the first
regiment Tennessee cavalry.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to a third reading, read the third time, and
ann c. butler.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(H. R. No. 2435) granting a pension to Ann
C. Butler; wtiich was considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole. It is a direction to the
Secretary of the Interior to place on the pen-
sion-roll, subject to the provisions and limita-
tions of the pension laws, the name of Ann
C. Butler, of Unionville, Chester county,
Pennsylvania, mother of Charles F. Builer,
late a private in company F, forty-ninth regi-
ment Pennsylvania volunteers, and to pay her
a pension at the rate of eight dollars per month.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to a third reading, read the third time, and
passed.
ciiakles wkilk.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 1239) to pay Charles Weiie for ser-
vices performed as consul at Tumboz, Peru ;
which was read the second time, Bud consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole. It author-
izes the Secretary of the Treasury to pay
Charles Weile, or his legal representatives,
the sum of $608 33, that being at the rate of
the regular salary of the consul at Tumbez,
Peru, whose duties he discharged without
receiving any compensation, from the 1st of
July, 1807, to the 18th of September, 1868,
inclusive.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
exchange of bonds.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(H. R. No. 3130) authorizing the exchange of
registered bonds for coupon bonds.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I object to
the consi aeration of that bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill will
be passed over.
depredations of shawnee indians.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 019) to provide payment for depreda-
tions committed by the whites upon Shaw-
nee Indians, in the State of Kansas, reported
adversely from the Committee ou Indian
A flairs.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the indefinite postponement of the
bill.
The bill was postponed indefinitely.
private pboperty foe public use.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 1262) to regnlate the manner of taking
private property for public use.
Mr. CARPENTER. That bill is not prop-
erly on the Calendar. I asked to have it laid
on the table and printed, with a view of mak-
ing some remarks on it, when I should move
its reference to the Committee on the Judiciary.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill will
be passed over at the suggestion of the Senator
from Wisconsin, which accomplishes the same
purpose precisely.
battles of the rebellion.
The next business on the Calendar was the
joint resolution (H. R. No. 169) expressing
the sentiment of Congress in regard to the
removal of the names of battles of the rebel-
lion from the Army Register and regimental
colors.
Mr. WILSON. I ask that that be passed
over.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The joint
resolution will be passed over.
japanese indemnity fund.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(H. R. No. 2797) providing for the payment
to the Government of Japan, from the indem-
nity fund, the sum due on account of rents for
lands and buildings occupied by the diplo-
matic and consular representatives of the
United States to Japan, and for other pur-
poses.
Mr. SHERMAN. That involves the Ja-
panese indemnity fund. Let it go over.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill will
i be passed over.
i john s. coklbtt.
i The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(H. R. No. Soa) granting a pension to John
S. Corlett.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. This bill
was reported adversely and postponed indefin-
itely. Subsequently the vote to postpone
the bill indefinitely was reconsidered, and the
question now recurs on the indefinite post-
ponement of the bill.
Mr. WRIGHT. Since the vote reconsider
rag the action postponing this bill indefinitely
there has been a report from the Pension
Committee covering the whole ground, a? I
understand. The matter was recommitted ju
them and they have reported adversely. A ■■
1 have had no opportunity to examine that
