1734
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 25,
Ames it must appear, first, that he sold to
members of Congress stock in the Credit
Mobilier of America ; second, that he did so
with intent to corruptly influence the votes and
decisions of such members in matters to be
brought before Congress for action that is,
with the intent to induce such members to
act unfairly and dishonestly toward the Gov-
ernment of the United States in matters to
be brought before Congress relating to the
Union Pacific Railroad Company. Without
expressing any opinion just now as to the
facts, it is here asserted that his motives in
selling the stock to members do not determ-
ine their guilt or innocence. If his purpose
was to influence their votes as alleged, and they
knew it, then their guilt cannot be doubted ;
but however corrupt may have been his
motives, they are in no wise affected thereby
if they were not aware of their character.
In considering the charges against Mr.
Brooks we must leave Mr. Ames out of mind.
He had no dealings with the latter relative to
the purchase of Credit Mobilier stock, and
hence is in no way affected by his fraudulent
purposes and combinations, if any he had.
But the committee find that Mr. Brooks pro-
cured the Credit Mobilier Company to issue
and deliver the stock of said company -to
Charles H. Neilson for his (Brooks's) benefit,
knowing that the same was so issued and de-
livered, with intent to influence his votes
and decisions as a member of the House in
matters to be brought before Congress for
action, and also to influence his actions as a
Government director in the Union Pacific
Railroad Company.
I have already stated what I believe is the
law that governs in the cases in which expul-
sion is recommended; and it applies to all the
other cases in which contracts or agreements
were made for the purchase of shares of stock
in the Credit Mobilier. It remains to inquire
and ascertain whether the facts, assuming the
law to be correctly stated, will warrant the
infliction of the proposed penalty.
I do not pretend, Mr. Speaker, to assert
that there is nothing reprehensible in the con-
duct of those gentlemen who devised and who
knowingly became involved in the schemes by
which such fabulous dividends were realized,
as we have seen were declared on the stock of
the Credit Mobilier. It is not necessary for
tne to express evep an opinion as to that ques-
tion much less to discuss it, for it is not before
the House for consideration. But I do pre-
tend to state and insist that so far at least
asthegentlemanfromNewYork [Mr. Brooks]
is concerned his expulsion is wholly unwar-
ranted under these proceedings, and the law
and the facts bearing thereon, even admitting
there is no doubt on the question of jurisdis-
tion. Tf they justify his expulsion, I cannot, for
the life of me, perceive why they do not as
certainly justify the expulsion of all the other
members of this House who purchased or
agreed to purchase Credit Mobilier stock.
If there was a corrupt intent in the mind of
Dr. Durant when he agreed to let the gentle-
man from New York [Mr. Brooks] have stock
in the Credit Mobilier, the fact of its existence
is not apparent, but rests on a mere presump-
tion : and it is equally reasonable and just to
presume that a like intent existed in the mind
of the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Ames] when he sold stock to the other mem-
bers of this House whose names are mentioned
in the report of the committee. This being
the case, it is difficult to perceive how the latter
can be acquitted if the former is convicted ; or
rather, how the former can be found guilty
and the latter innocent of the charge preferred.
Indeed, the knowledge of the criminal intent,
if it existed at all, appears stronger as against
the latter than the former.
It is a very singular fact, that if Dr. Durant
intended to corrupt the gentleman from New
York he not only neglected giving him the
stock, but seems not to have even thought
of doing so, and had not regarded himself as
being under any obligations to let him have it.
It is plain, therefore, that the gentleman
was not only not corrupted by Dr. Durant,
but also that Dr. Durant did not design or
attempt to corrupt him. Had sueh been his
object he would not have delayed its accom-
plishment, as manifestly it appears to have
been delayed. We find that he was a friend
of Mr. Brooks, that he was connected with
the Credit Mobilier for several years before it
took by assignment the contract from Mr.
Ames to build a part of the Pacific railroad,
and that he had made great efforts to get the
stock of the Credit Mobilier taken, and that
Mr. Brooks had aided him to some extent in
getting subscriptions for the stock, and that
their efforts were not entirely successful. The
only proposition, it seems, that he ever made
to Mr. Brooks to take any of this stock was
made during this time. Indeed, it does not
appear that what passed between them amount-
ed to a proposition on the part of Dr. Durant,
but rather that it did not. The committee
use the following language with reference to
this subject:
" During this period Mr. Brooks had talked with
Dr. Durant aboat taking some of the stock for him-
self, and had spoken of taking fifteen or twenty
thousand dollars of it, but no definite contract was
made between them, and Mr. Brooks was under no
legal obligation to take the stock, or Durant to give
it to him. In October, 1867, Mr. Brooks was ap-
pointed by the President one of the Government
directors of the Union Pacific road. In December,
1867. after the stock of the Credit Mobilier was
understood by those familiar with the affairs between
the Union Pacific and the Credit Mobilier to be
worth very much more than par, Mr. Brooks ap-
plied to Dr. Durant, and claimed that he should
have two hundred shares of Credit Mobilier stock.
" It does not appear that Mr. Brooks claimed he
had any legal contract for stock that he could en-
force, or that Durant considered himself in any
way legally bound to let ham have any, but still, on
account ot what had been said, and the efforts of Mr.
Brooks to aid him, he considered himself under
obligations to satisfy Mr. Brooks in the matter."
The period referred to being that in which the
effort was made to get the stock taken in the
Credit Mobilier; but its exact extent cannot be
ascertained. It is probable, however, that it
began some time in 1864, and extended into
1866; for we find that " certain persons inter-
ested in the Union Pacific railroad," obtained
in 1864 control of the charter and franchises
of the Credit Mobilier, and that they did so
for the purpose of using it as a construction
company to build said road, and that the con-
struction of the same was commenced by the
Credit Mobilier Company under the Hoxie
contract, which was entered into on the 24th
of September, 1864, and immediately assigued
to the Credit Mobilier.
It does not appear that anything was done
or even said with reference to Mr. Brooks
taking the $20,000 stock or any other amount,
subsequent to the conversation between him and
Durant, until 1867. Durant did not offer the
stock to him at any time, nor, so far as we
know, did he care to have him get it. Indeed,
we are told that the stock had been so far
taken up that when Mr. Brooks, in December,
1867, applied to Dr. Durant for the two hun-
dred shares of stock he could not get it. It
had, to use the language of the committee,
" been so far taken up, and was then in such
demand," that Dr. Durant was unable to com-
ply with Mr. Brooks's request or rather
demand as our committee informs us.
" Butstill," say the committee, "on account
of what had been said, and the efforts of Mr.
Brooks to aid him, he (Dr. Durant) con-
sidered himself under obligations to satisfy
Mr. Brooks in this matter," and, after "con-
siderable negotiation," in pursuance of Mr.
Brooks's demand, the matter was adjusted
between them, compromised as it were, and
Mr. Brooks got the fifty shares of Mobilier
stock mentioned in the preamble to the reso-
lution for his expulsion, and some other stock
in satisfaction of a demand made by him, based
on what Dr. Durant seemed to regard .as a
moral obligation, growing out of previous parol
i and the voluntary per-
Brooks to aid him as
stipulations, perb
sonal efforts of
before stated.
Here we see a demand for the stock, great
difficulty I may say in getting it, a reluctance
to let it go, an adjustment of a controversy, a
kind of a compromise of conflicting views as
to the respective rights of the parties, and yet
we are told it is a case of corruption and
bribery, and we are asked, in effect at least,
to fix the damning brand of felon on one
whose life and character have hitherto been
above reproach. To such a verdict on the
law and the facts, as I understand them in
this case, I never will consent. Charged with
bribery, tried for bribery, convicted of bribery,
and expelled from his seat in this Hoiise for
bribery, on such facts, he might well turn on
his persecutors when he for the last time
crosses the threshold to this Hall, and proudly
bid them adieu, and then go home and quietly
await the coming popular condemnation of
their conduct. Though his life may be has-
tened to a close by the mortification and dis-
tress of this ordeal, and by the ravages of a
disease that has emaciated his form, I verily
believe that in the event of his conviction he
will live to see the verdict on this charge re-
versed by public sentiment and by unmistak-
able expressions of popular disapprobation.
I have looked into the facts of this case as
fully as my time would permit, and the con-
clusions I have reached are the result of my
honest convictions. I cannot change them,
unless gentlemen can show me facts I have
failed to discover, or necessary presumptions
that have escaped my attention.
Mr. Speaker, I ask gentlemen to "point me
to the evidence in this case of criminal intent
On the part of Dr. Durant, or of the Credit
Mobilier Company. We are not told, I admit,
that Dr. Durant was the party who bribed Mr.
Brooks, but that the Credit Mobilier Com-
pany committed this great sin. I have not yet
heard that this corporation has c&mmitted
treason, murder, or arson, and I hope it has
not, and that it never will. I think it must
appear clear to every candid mind that the
intent necessary to constitute guilt in this case
is not only doubtful but wholly wanting, and
that the recommendation of the committee as
to Mr. Brooks ought to be tabled or voted
down. This is all the more apparent when we
consider the findings of the committee as to
the other members of the House who are im-
plicated in the same charge.
The presumption of their innocence is
strengthened by the verdict of the committee,
and for the sake of this argument, and in fact,
I will admit that that verdict is right. I then
ask gentlemen to point me to any evidence
of criminal intent against Mr. Brooks that is
as strong as exists against those who have
been acquitted by their verdict. I have not
time to attempt it, but if I had I think I
could show that the testimony against those
members who dealt with Mr. Ames in purchas-
ing Credit Mobilier stock, is far more inculpa-
tory than any that is produced against Mr.
Brooks ; and yet I do not believe it is sufficient
to warrant conviction under the proceedings
of this House, and would vote for their acquit-
tal even were there no other ground upon
which I felt bound to do so than the failure
of proof.
But there is yet another barrier to convic-
tion to which I will merely allude; it is the
want of jurisdiction over the particular sub-
ject-matter, under the circumstances attend-
ing all of these cases. I would like to discuss
this proposition, but neither my time nor the
patience of this House will permit it. It has
furthermore been most thoroughly and" ably
discussed by the Judiciary Committee of this
House in their report touching the duty and
propriety of preferring articles of impeach-
ment against Vice President. Colfax. It ex-
presses with most remarkable clearness and
accuracy what I believe to be the law on the
