1738
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 25,
that Mr. Ames has been guilty of an attempt
to bribe another member, but that he—
has been guilty of selling to members of Congress
shares.of stock in the Credit Mobilier of America
for prices much below the true value of such stock,
with intent thereby to influence the votes and decis-
ions of such members.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. POLAND. I am not aware that any
other gentleman desires to speak to night; and
if not, I move that the House adjourn.
Mr. HOLMAN. Perhaps the gentleman
from Vermont [Mr. Poland] takes the floor
for the purpose of holding it to-morrow. If he
does, I will ask him to yield for a motion to
adjourn ; if not, I desire the floor.
The question being put on the motion to
adjourn, it was agreed to ; and accordingly, at
ten o'clock and fifty minutes p. m., the House
adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions. &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. HAZELTON, of New Jersey: The
petition of citizens of Camden county, New
Jersey, for the extension of the money-order
system to all the post offices in the United
States.
By Mr. POLAND: The petition of citizens
of Vermont, praying a law prohibiting the
traffic in intoxicating liquors in the Terri-
tories and in the District of Columbia.
By Mr. SLOCUM: A remonstrance against
the passage of the bill in relation ,to the
Geneva award.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, February 25, 1873.
The Senate met at eleven o'clock a. m.
Prayer by the Chapliin, Rev. J. P. New-
man, D. D.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move that the reading
of the Journal be dispensed with.
Mr. TIPTON. I object to the suspension
of the reading of the Journal. I wish to hear
it read.
The Secretary proceeded to read the Journal
of yesterday' 3 proceedings.
Mr. MORTON. If there is no Senator
desiring to hear these minutes read 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Nebrasbe states that he desires to hear
the Journal read.
Mr. HAMLIN. Well, it is a very fine com-
position, and let us hear it for its style, at any
rate.
Mr. TIPTON. I suppose that the Journal
is the legitimate record of the Senate, and I
do not know that the Senator should disparage
its composition.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
has a right to demand that it shall be read.
The Secretary resumed and concluded the
reading of the Journal of yesterday's proceed-
ings.
the fisheries.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair sub-
mits a message from the President of the
United States, but which being marked " ex-
ecutive '' was not opened until this morning.
It is for the public sessions of the Senate. It
will be read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
To the Senate and Souse of Representatives :
In my annual message to Congress at the opening
of the second session of the present Congress in De-
cember. 1871, X recommended the legislation neces-
sary on the part of the United States to bring into
operation the articles of the treaty of "Washington
of May 8,1871, relative to the fisheries and to other
matters touching the relations of the United States
toward the British North American possessions, to
become operative so soon as the proper legislation
should be had on the part of Great Britain and its
possessions.
That legislation on the part of Great Britain and
its possessions had not then been had.
Having prior to the meeting of Congress in De-
cember last received official information of the con-
sideration by Great Britain and its possessions of the
legislation necessary on their part to bring those
articles into operation, I communicated that fact to
Congress in my annual message at the opening of
the present session, and renewed the recommenda-
tion for your early adoption of the legislation in the
same direction necessary on the part of the Govern-
ment.
The near approach of the end of the session in-
duces me again to urgently call your attention to
the importance of this legislation on the part of
It will be remembered that the treaty of Wash-
ington resulted from an overture on the part of
Great Britain to treat with reference to the fisheries
on the coasts of her Majesty's possessions in North
America, and other questions between them affect-
ing the relations of the United States toward these
possessions.
To this overture a reply was made on the part of
this Government that while appreciating the im-
portance of a friendly and complete understanding
between the two Governments with reference to the
subjects specially suggested by the British Govern-
ment, it was thought that the removal of the differ-
ences growing out of what were generally known as
the "Alabama claims " was essential to the restora-
tion of cordial and amicable relations between the
two Governments, and the assent of this Govern-
ment to treat on the subject of the fisheries was
made dependent on the assent of Great Britain to
allow the joint commission which it had prepared on
the question suggested by that Government to treat
also and settle the differences growing out of the
Alabama claims.
Great Britain assented to this, and the treaty of
Washington proposed a settlement of both classes
of questions. Those relating to the Alabama claims
and to the northwestern water boundary, com-
monly known as the " San Juan " question, have
been disposed of in pursuanoe of the terms of the
treaty.
Those relating to the fisheries were made by the
terms of the treaty to depend upon the legislation
which the Constitutions of the respective Govern-
ments made necessary to carry those provisions into
effect.
Great Britain and her possessions have on their
part enacted the necessary legislation.
This Government is now enjoying the advantages
of those provisions of the treaty whieh were the
result of the condition of its assent to treat upon the
questions which Great Britain had submitted.
The tribunal at Geneva has made an award in
favor of the United States on the Alabama claims,
and his Majesty the emperor of Germany has de-
cided in favor of the contention of the United States
on the northwestern boundary line.
I cannot urgo too strongly the importance of your
early consideration of the legislation that may be
necessary on the part of this Government.
In addition to the claim that Great Britain may
have upon the good faith of this Government to con-
sider the legislation necessary in connection with
the questions which that Government presented as
the subjeot of a negotiation which has resulted so
favorably to this Government upon the other ques-
tions in which the United States feels so much inter-
ested, it is of importance that the rights of the Ameri-
can fishermen, as provided for under the treaty,
should be determined before the now approaching
fishing season opens, and that the serious difficul-
ties to the fishing interests and the grave questions
between the two Governments that may arise there-
from be averted.
U. S. GRANT.
Washington, February 24,1873.
Mr. HAMLIN. I think that message from
the President had better lie on the table and
be printed. I desire to say to the Senate that
the Committee on Foreign Relations have re-
ported a bill on that subject; but I regret to
say it was a bill which could not receive ori-
ginal action in the Senate; it was a bill affecting
the revenues ; but I am also gratified in being
able to say that within a very few minutes a
bill will be communicated to us from the
House of Representatives on which we can
act.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The message
will lie on the table and be printed.
post route bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate the amendment of the House to the
amendments of the Senate to the bill (H. R.
No. 3274) to establish certain post roads.
Mr. RAMSEY. I move that the amend-
ment be referred to the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads.
The motion was agreed to.
medical statistics.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate the following concurrent resolution of
the House of Representatives; which was
referred to the Committee on Printing:
Resolved by the House of Representatives, (the Sen-
ate concurring,) That of the five thousand additional
copies of medical statistics of the Provost Marshal
General's Bureau authorized to be printed by joint
resolution of Congress, approved March 3,1869„ two
thousand copies shall be for the use of the House of
Representatives, one thousand for the use of the
Senate, and two .thousand for distribution by the
chief medical purveyor of the Army.
a message from till! house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPhebson, its Clerk, an-
nounced that the House had passed the follow-
ing bills; in which it requested the concur-
rence of the Senate:
A bill (H. R. No. 488) to carry into effect
the provisions of the treaty between the United
States and Great Britain, signed in the city
of Washington the 8th day of May, 1871,
relating to the fisheries ; and
A bill (H. R. No. 8922) making appropria-
tions for the repair, preservation, and com-
pletion of certain public works on rivers and
harbors, and for other purposes.
The message also announced that the House
had concurred in the report of the committee
of conference on the disagreeing votes of the
two Houses on the bill (H. R. No. 2264) to
authorize the Cattaraugus and Alleghany In-
dians, in New York, to lease lands, confirm
leases, and to quiet title to their lands.
The message further announced that the
House had concurred in the report of the
committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the bill (S. No.
686) for the relief of Horace Tyler.
house bills referred.
The bill (H. R. No. 4049) authorizing the
transfer of safes from the War Department to
the Post Office Department for the use in the
transportation of registered mails; was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Post Office and Post Roads.
The bill (H. R. No. 3922) making appro-
priations for the repair, preservation, and
completion of certain public works on rivers
and harbors, and for other purposes ; was
read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
The bill (H. R. No. 488) to carry into effect
the provisions of the treaty between the Uni-
ted States and Great Britain, signed in the
city of Washington, the 8th day of May, 1871,
relating to the fisheries ; was read twice by its
title.
Mr. CAMERON. I move that that bill be
laid on the table for the present and be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
fort ripley reservation.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate the amendment of the House of Rep-
resentatives to the bill (S. No. 530) to provide
for the disposition of that portion of the mili-
tary reservation at Port Ripley, Minnesota,
which lies east of the Mississippi river.
Mr. RAMSEY. I move that the Senate
concur in the amendment of the House.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let us hear what it is.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment, which
was to strike out all of the bill after the enact-
ing clause, and to insert in lieu thereof the
following:
That the Secretary of War be, and he is hereby,
authorized and directed to sell at public auction the
whole, or so_ much of the military reservation at
Fort Bipley in the State of Minnesota, as may no
longer be required for military purposes.
Sec. 2. It shall be the duty of the Secretary of
War to appoint a board of three Army officers, which
board shall appraise each piece or parcel of land
with the buildings thereon, before the same is
offered for sale, and no sale shall be made at a price
less than two thirds of the appraised value.
Sec. 3. It shall be the duty of the Secretary of War
to give notice of said sale, to be published in one of
the principal newspapers in the eity of Washington,
in two of the principal newspapers in the State of
Minnesota, and in one newspaper, if any there be,
in the county where the said lands to be sold* ore
situated or in a county adjoining thereto, for the
space of sixty days prior to the sale.
The amendment was concurred in.
credentials.
Mr. SCHURZ presented the credentials,of
Hon. Lewis V. Bogy, chosen by the Legisla-
