1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
779
I'ratt. Robertson, Sawyer, Schurz, Spencer, Sprague,
Stevenson, Stewart, West, Wilson, and Wright—33.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Chandler, Cole, Conk-
ling, Fenton, Ferry of Connecticut, Kerry of Michi-
gan, Flanagan, Gilbert, Hamlin, llitcheock, Ram-
sey, Scott. Sherman, and Tipton—15.
ABSENT—Messrs. Blair, Brownlow, Caldwell,
Cameron, Clayton, Cooper, Davis, Goldthwaite,
Hamilton of Texas, Lewis, Logan, Morrill of Maine,
Morton, Nye, Osborn, Pomeroy, Ransom, Rice,
Hnulsbury, Stockton, Sumner, Xhurman, Trumbull,
Vickers, and Windom—25.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CARPENTER. I move further to
amend the bill by striking out the second and
third sections. The effect of the amendment
is to leave it simply a bill abolishing the frank-
ing privilege right square out. I shall vote
for the amendment, of course.
Mr. RAMSEY. Does the Senator expect
that it will pass through the other body in that
shape?
Mr, EDMUNDS. I wish, to ask the Sen-
ator from Minnesota before we take a vote
what we can do without those machines the
Post Office Department was to furnish us?
[Laughter.]
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Wisconsin, striking out the second and third
sections of the bill.
The amendment was agreed to—ayes thirty-
three, noes not counted.
Mr. CARPENTER. Now I move to amend
the first section.
Mr. CONK-LING. How does the first sec-
tion read, if my friend will pardon me? Let
it be read.
The Chief Clerk. The bill as amended
now reads:
Be it enacted, &c., That the franking privilege be,
and the same is, hereby abolished, from and after the
l-.t day of July, A. IX 1873, and that thenceforth
all official correspondence of whatever nature, and
other mailable matter sent from or addressed to any
officer of the Government or person now authorized
to frank such matter, shall be chargeable with the
same rates of postage as may be lawfully imposed
upon like matter sent by or addressed to other
persons.
Mr. CONKLING. That is right. Let us
vote on that.
Mr. ROBERTSON. As the bill was read
by the Clerk, it did not contain the amend-
ment of the Senator from Vermont. That
was to come in after the first section, I
thought.
Mr. STEWART. That amendment is gone
now.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. May I ask
if the amendment just adopted has stricken
out the amendment proposfd by me?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Certainly
it has.
Mr. CONKLING. It renders it unneces-
sary.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Then I offer
it. again to be inserted as a proviso.
Mr. CONKLING and others. Oh, no.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Vermont offers an amendment,
which will be lead. ,
The Chief Clerk. The amendment is to
add at the end of the first section, which is
now ail that remains of the bill, the following:
I'lOr-tdrJ, That no compensation or allowance
shall now or hereafter bo made to Senators or mem-
ber- and Delegates of the House of Representatives
on account of postage.
Several Skxators. That is not necessary.
Mr.' MORRILL, of Vermont. If it was
necessary in the first place, it is necessary in
tbis.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CARPENTER. I move to amend 
Several Sexatous. No, no ; let us vote on
the bill.
Mr. CARPENTER. Is there .my law against
my offering an amendment? [Laughter.] I
wish to move an amendment to the amendment
of the Senator from Vermont, which ha« just
lipon adopted, and 1 will ask the Clerk to read
it again.
The Chief Clerk read as follows: !
Provided, That no compensation or allowance j
shall now or hereafter be made to Senators, ormem- j
bers and Delegates of the House of Representatives, !
on account of postage. j
Mr. CARPENTER. I move to add " or for j
any other purpose." [Laughter.] |
Mr. SHERMAN. That is just as good as ;
^0 otiiGr |
Mr. CARPENTER. That abolishes the '
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment offered by the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. BAYARD. I think it pretty certain
that an equal amount of humbuggery has never
connected itself with any matter that ever
came before Congress as is connected with
this proposed abolition of the franking privi-
lege. It has been a joke pretty much for the
last hour in the Senate, perhaps a serious one
for the people of the country; and in order
that the Senate may take time to consider
this matter a little more discreetly, I move
that the Senate do now adjourn.
Mr. CONKLING and others. No, no; let
us pass the bill.
Mr. CORBETT. Before that motion is put,
I ask unanimous consent to offer a memorial!
to be referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
Mr. HAMLIN. I object to the introduc-
tion of any papers until this question is dis-
posed of.
Mr. SHERMAN. Let us have the question
on the motion to adjourn.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from
Delaware that the Senate do now adjourn.
Mr. CORBETT. I should like to have this
memorial referred.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objection
is made, and it cannot be received. The ques-
tion is on the motion to adjourn; and the Chair
will state that in case the Senate adjourns, by
the order of the Senate the legislative appro-
priation bill will be the unfinished business
for to-morrow at one o'clock.
. The motion to adjourn was not agreed to.
Mr. CORBETT. Now, Mr. President, I
ask leave 
Mr. JCONKLING. I object to anything
until we get the question on this bill.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended ; and the amendments made as in
Committee of the Whole were concurred in.
Mr. SAWYER.. I should like to inquire if
the title does not need to be amended?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. We have not
come to that question yet.
The amendments were ordered to be en-
grossed and the bill to be read a third time.
The bill was read the third time.
Mr. EDMUNDS. On the passage of the
bill I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and on
being taken, resulted—yeas 83, nays 16; as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alcom, Anthony. Boreman, Cas-
serly. Chandler, Cole. Conkiuis. Crasin% Fenton,
i Ferry of Connecticut, Kerry of Michigan, 1 lanagan,
! Hamlin.Harbin,Hitchcock, Howe, Johnston, Kelly,
i Lewis, Pratt, Ramsey, Sawyer, Soliurz, Scott. Sher-
I man, Sprague, Stewart, Stockton, i'hurman, \Vtst,
| Wilson, Windom, and Wright—-.>3-
I iSAYS—Messrs. Ames, Bayard. Buckingham. Car-
I penter, Corhett. Edmunds. I'rehnghuyten, Gilbert,
! Hill, Macheii, Norwood. Pool, Robertson, spencer,
i Stevenson, and Tipton—1G.
| ADSEXT — Messrs. Blair, Brownlow. Caldwell,
! Cameron, Clayton, Cooper, D.ivi;-, (joldthwaite,
: Hamilton of Maryland, Hamilton of Texas, Lotran,
; Morrill of Maine, Morrill of V ertnont, Morton,
! Nye, Osborn, Patterson. Pomeroy, Kansom, i\iee,
j Saulsbury, Sumner, Trumbull, and \ iekers -t.
!! So the bill was passed.
|l Mr. RAMSEY. The title of the bill should
ji be amended so as to read, "'A bill to abolish
i the franking privilege."
!! Mr. CARPENTER. I suggest to my friend
jl from Minnesota that it should be "a bill to
li abolish the franking privilege, and not to trans
mit official documents and other public mat-
ter through the mails of the United States."
I suggest that to him.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment to the title proposed,
by the Senator from Minnesota.
The title was so amended.
Mr. ROBERTSON, I move the Senate do
now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to ; and (at four
o'clock and forty-two mintues p. m) the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, January 22, 1873.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Bctler, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
walla-walla and columbia railroad.
Mr. GARFIELDE, of Washington. I ask
unanimous consent to have put on its pass-
age the bill (H. R. No. 3470) to amend an act
entitled "An act granting the right of way to
the Walla-Walla and Columbia River Railroad
Company, and for other purposes," approved
March 3, 1809.
The bill was read. It provides in the first
section for the repeal of all after and including
the word " provided," in the tenth line of sec-
tion three of an act granting the right of way to
the Walla Walla and Columbia River Railroad
Company, and for other purposes, approved
March 3, 1869. The second section grants to
the Walla-Walla and Columbia River Railroad
Company the right to take from the public
lands earth, stone, timber, and other materials
for the construction of the railroad.
Mr. KILLINGER. I object, unless the bill
is reported from the Committee on the Public
Lands.
Mr. GARFIELDE, of Washington. This
has been considered by the Committee on the
Public Lands.
Mr. KILLINGER. The bill repeals some
previous act, without our understanding what
it is.
Subsequently, Mr. KILLINGER said : In
view of statements made to me from the Com-
mittee on the Public Lands, I withdraw my
objection.
There being no further objection, the bill
was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading;
and was read the third time, and passed.
Mr. GARFIELDE, of Washington, moved
to reconsider the vote by which the bill was
passed: and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
west virginia.
Mr. McGREW, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented a joint resolution of the Legislature of
West Virginia, providing for the transfer of
certain rights and franchises of the State of
West Virginia to the United States ; which
was referred to the Committee on Commerce,
and ordered to be printed in the Globe. It is
as follows:
Joint resolution No. 10. providing for the transfer of
certain rights and franchises oftheScate ol West
Virginia to the United States.
Whereas tlieCongress of the United States recently
made an appropriation for a survey to ascertain
whether it was practicable to construct a continu-
ous water line through this State, to connect the
waters of the Mississippi valley with theChesapeake
bav: and the engineers employed for that purpose
have shown tnat such a line is practicable; ana •
whereas the State of West Virginia regards the said
line as a work of national inyiortaace.aiid is anxious
to afford every facility for the construction of the
same: Therefore,
[}■ j (by the Legislature of TVe«f I irynna.
That the State of West Virginia hereby agrees to
transfer all the rights, privileges, and franchises
now owned or possessed by th e S tate in th e Ranawb a
river improvement, and the chutes, dams, wmg-
dams. channels, and all other work heretofore done
in the Kanawha river, together with jurisdiction
in and over the Kanawha river from its mouth to
the mouth of Gauley river, and o\er the new river
from the mouth of (Pauley to the mouth of trreen-
brier river, and over the Oreenbrier river from its
