1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
783
the population of the Territory did not increase
rapidly during the first five or six years. A
general Indian war also broke out in the year
1863, on the plains between Colorado and the
States, which prevented -emigration into the
Territory. But notwithstanding these draw-
backs, Colorado steadily increased in popula-
tion and material development until the year
3809, when the first railroad was commenced
upon her soil. And then commenced a new
era in the prosperity of the Territory.
The census of 1870 only shows a population
of about forty thousand. In the city of Denver
the returns show about forty-seven hundred,
while by a subsequent census, taken a few
months afterward under the authority of the
city council, the population was shown to be
10.832. In Clear Creek county the returns show
a population of only 1,596, while the vote in
August of that year was over thirteen hundred,
and the city of Georgetown, in that county,
alone numbered a population of over two
thousand.
Colorado was organized into twenly-one
counties, embracing an area of one hundred
and five thousand square miles, and anybody
acquainted with the cost of traveling over
such a broad expanse of territory can readily
see that no correct census could have been
taken for the small appropriation made for
that purpose.
In order to show more fully that this census
does not correctly report the population of the
Territory at the time it was taken, it is only
necessary to examine into the history of its
business and products. Does it seem prob-
able that men of capital would invest money
in building railroads to the extent that has
already been done in Colorado to accom-
modate a population of only forty thousand
people ? In the year 1871 the taxable prop-
erty of the Territory amounted to $24,112,078,
which, upon the basis of a population of forty
thousand people, would show a wealth of $600
to each man, woman, and child in the Terri-
tory. When it is remembered that property
is estimated by the assessor at only about two
thirds of its value, and that no mines in the
Territory are taxable, and therefore are not
assessed, it will be seen that this is largely
above the average wealth of the people of the
other portions of the country.
In the year 1871, out of fifteen of the tw-enty-
one counties in the Territory, the assessors
returned 678,859 acres of improved land.
The number of cattle returned in 1871 was
142,178, horses 15,580, sheep 184,577, and
the total number of acres of surveyed land in
the Territory was 11,229,899. The eastern
exchange sold by the three national banks of
Denver City alone, amounts to the enormous
sum of $20,000,000 a year. Does any gen-
tleman suppose that a population of only forty
thousand people would show such a large
amount of business?
During the last two years, according to the
best estimates that can be made, the popula-
tion of Colorado has more than doubled. The
increase in the taxable property of the Terri-
tory during the last year, according to the re-
turns of the assessors, is $7,116,320. The
total cattle export during the last year was
31.250 head, valued at $1,016,980. The val-
uation of the agricultural products for the
year 1872 is $4,ti50,000. The earnings of
the Denver aud Rio Grande railway for 1872
are as follows: for freight, $172,902; for pas-
sengers, S134,963; making a total passenger
and freight business of $307,865, this road
being only a local road, running from Denver
south to the Arkansas river, a distance of one
hundred and twenty miles. There are seven
oilier distinct local railways now in process of
construction in the Territory. Does any gen-
tleman upon this floor suppose that so many
miliiutis of dollars would be expended in
building railways in Colorado if the popula-
vvas only forty or fifty thousand, or unless
there was a reasonable certainty of an imme-
diate increase over the one hundred thousand
now claimed?
During the two years ending December 1,
1872, there were erected in the city of Denver
alone 1,497 buildings of all descriptions, cost-
ing the enormous sum of $8,722,005. No
person at all acquainted with the resources
of the Territory can doubt that it will con-
tinue to increase rapidly in population.
But it is contended by gentlemen here, rep-
resenting large States, that by admitting Col-
orado with a small population injustice will
be done their States. Do these gentlemen
propose that no new State shall be admitted
until it has become as populous as the great
States of the Union? Do they propose that
no new States shall hereafter be admitted at
all?
The gentleman from New York shows a
good deal of ingenuity in arranging his argu-
ment against the passage of this bill. Alter
arranging tables showing that his State pos-
sesses the wealth of twenty-five of the other
States, and pays as much revenue to the Gov-
ernment as twenty-six other States, he adds:
"Do not ask that this inequality be exaggerated.
Do not impose upon us heavier burdens. Concede
to the great States which bear the burdens of the
Republic the poor boon that no new badges of infe-
riority be placed upon them."
Mr. Speaker, the great West has been pour-
ing its accumulating wealth into the lap of the
State of New York for almost a century. New
York in a great measure owes her wealth, her
greatness to the West. Does it not, then,
become the honorable gentleman and his col-
leagues to hold out helping hands toward the
further development of the West?
There can be no such danger to the larger
States, by the admission of Colorado, as de-
picted by the honorable gentleman from New
York. If any bill were passed by the Senate
affecting the interests of his Stale he would
be found, with his thirty-one colleagues on this
floor, against one from Colorado, to shape it
to his own liking. No bill can become a law
without the assent of both Houses. And as
long as the representation here is based upon
numbers, the great States possess the power
to protect their own interests.
The policy advocated by the gentleman from
New York, of admitting no more new States
until they constitute a certain integral part in
the political power of the Senate, is a new one.
It has no sanction from precedents. It is not
warranted by the previous practice of the
Government, neither is it in accordance with
the spirit of the Constitution. A Territory is
fit to become a State at some period of its
existence. The rule that Congress may adopt
for the basis of representation, from time to
time, cannot affect that capability and fitness.
There is no great public danger requiring this
Government to continue these provinces after
they are capable of coming into the Onion as
States according to the Constitution. Then,
why force the people of Colorado to still
remain a Territory, citizens only, when taxes
are necessary and danger requires armies to
defend our institutions, but denying us the
privileges and benefits of citizenship? It is
all right when duties of citizenship are required,
but all wrong when we ask to oe considered
full citizens—to pay the expenses of our own
government, elect our own rulers, and exercise
the functions of other citizens of this country.
The gentleman from West Virginia quoted
a portion of the law of the last session, which
reads that *• no State shall hereafter be admit-
ted into the Union without having the neces-
sary population to entitle it to at least one
Representative, according to the ra'io of rep-
resentation fixed by this act." By a subse-
quent act nine States, having already a repre-
sentation on this floor and in the other branch,
wore allowed an additional representative for
less than that number,fourStatesbeing allowed
an additional Representative, each, tor less than
a moiety. Upon the same principle, why not
admit Colorado, when her population in all
human probability will amount to enough for
one Representative, under the present ratio,
before the State will be admitted under the
operation of this bill ? Suppose Congress
should double the number of members upon
this floor, then Colorado, according to the
gentleman's argument, would be entitled to
admission; but would that make any differ
enee in regard to her capability or fitness to
become a State ? The status of the Territory
would remain unchanged. Population alone
is not a correct test for the admission of a new
State.
Then, again, suppose Congress should re-
duce the number of members upon this floor
to one hundred and fifty, then Colorado, which
might be considered qualified for admission at
present, would not be eligible until her popu-
lation had doubled, while her real status would
remain unchanged. I contend, therefore, that
this argument is not legitimate nor well-
founded.
It has been shown by the committee report-
ing this bill that Colorado has a population
greater than many of the States heretofore
admitted had at the time they were admitted.
Is there any occasion for a change in the policy
of the Government in regard to the admission
of new States ? Can it make any difference
to the people of the great State of New York
whether Colorado has fifty thousand more or
fifty thousand less population when admitted?
The disparity between the two States would
be comparatively the same.
Why should not the people of Colorado be
authorized to form a State government? They
ask it at your hands; they believe themselves
capable of maintaining a State government;
they believe it to be for their intereet; in
population they number more than many of
the other States did when they were admitted;
they possess the wealth, the permanent indus-
try, and the intelligence which are as essen-
tial to good government as numbers. I can
see no difference to the country at large
whether Colorado is admitted one year hence
under the operation of this bill, or one or two
years later under some subsequent act. It is a
matter of great importance to that people, and
can result in no damage to this great nation.
Mr. TAFFE. I now yield to the gentle-
man from Indiana [Mr. Coburx] for five
minutes.
Mr. COB URN. I am in favor of the pass-
age of this bill, for reasons which have been
assigned by the gentleman who has just taken
his seat, [Mr. Chaffee.] and stated as forci-
bly as I could state them. The Territory of
Colorado has the requisite amount of popula-
tion for a State. From the best information
which we ean obtain, it is believed that there
are now resident in Colorado about one hun-
dred thousand people; one hundred and thirty-
six thousand is the ratio now established for
a Representative in this House.
There is no reason for establishing as a rule
or precedent that we shall require the full
amount of population that is necessary to
entitle a State to a Representative here as a
condition-precedent to the organization of a
Territory into a State. The main reason for
organizing a State is derived from the condi-
tion of the Territory itself, and not from the
condition of the rest of the Union; certainly
not from the fact alone that it has or has not
the amount of population necessary to entitle
it to a Representative according to the estab-
lished ratio of representation for a district iu
a State.
The reason which will mainly govern me in
relation to the question of admitting Colorado
as a State is whether it will be to the advantage
of the people thereto do so. What is the con-
dition of Colorado? What is its population ?
W hat are their prospects, their enterprise, their
public improvements, their growth ? When I
am satisfied that the Territory is in a growing
condition, that it has a fair amount of popu-
lation, enterprise, and business, and that there
