786
THE. CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 22,
to Mr. Cox at the beginning of the year at $5,000.
Very shortly after making that estimate he submit-
ted to the Department an estimate for $20,000 in
addition as necessary for the year; but this appro-
priation appears never to have been made.
'JCh© accounts thus far accrued, show our half of
the monthly expense of printing to be about $3,000,
making a yearly amount of $36,000, a deficiency of
$81,000. I think it not safe to estimate for less
than this amount.
-The other estimates for extra clerk hire, contin-
gent expenses to Newport for the ensuing summer,
•(if that shall bo provided for,) I think are not larger
'than will be required.
Mr. Cox also estimates, to bo added to his esti-
mates already sent in for the fiscal year to com-
mence 1st of July, 1873, for expenses to Newport
after that date, in case sitting shall be had there,
$3,500; and for expenses of taking testimony, and
extra expenses of my offico for somo year, $13,000.
These estimates also meet my approval.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
ROBERT S. HALE,
Agent and Counsel of the United State?, &e.
Hon. Hamilton Fish, -
Secretary of State, Washington, D. C.
Office Sec. Mixed Commission
on American and British Claims
undkr Trkaty ow May 8,1871,
No. 703 Fiftkkstu street,
■Washington, D. 0., December 9,1872.
Sir: I havo the honor to inform you that we shall
require for deficiencies for the current year, in addi-
tion to former estimate, the following amounts:
For expenses of taking testimony in eases of British
olaimants against the United States,including extra
expenses of agent and counsel's offico  $75,000
3?or expenses of printing, (one half)  31,000
For extra clerk hire, proof-readers, <Sce., (one
half)  1,500
For contingencies and including expenses at
Hewport in Soptombor last, (one half)  3,500
For estimate of expenses of session at New-
port for ensuing summer, to July 1,1873,
Jf had, (one halt)  2,500
$113,500
Add also to estimates for fiscal yoar commencing
July 1,1873, for oxpcnscs of commission at Newport,
if had, (one half,) $3,500.
I am also advised by Judge Hale that he estimates
for expensos of taking testimony, and extra ex-
penses of his office for fiscal yoar commencing July
1, 1873, $15,000.
I am, sir, your obedient servant,
'.THOMAS C. COX, Secretary.
Hon. Hamilton Pish, Seeretaru of State.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read athird time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the hill was passed;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CIIEROK15K TRKATY 01? 1866.
Mr, YOORHEES, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 3018) to restore
the tenth article of the Cherokee treaty of
1866; which was read a first and second
time, ordered to be printed, and referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
BNCOUKAOKUKNT OF FOREIGN OOMHKKCK.
The House then resumed the consideration
of the bill (II. R. No. ;J61G) for the encour-
agement of the foreign commerce of the
United States.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I desire to state
to the House that we shall ask to have the
previous question ordered on the bill now
pending at the expiration of an hour and a
half from this time, which hour and a half
we -propose to yield to the opponents of this
measure.
Mr. COX. What does the gentleman pro-
pose to do about amendments ?
Mr, SHELLABARGER. I shall call the
previous question at the expiration of an hour
and a half from this time.
Mr. COX. If the gentleman will give us a
chance to offer amendments, I apprehend
there will be no objection to his proposition.
Mr. SHELLABAKGER. As 1 said yester-
day, I am Willing to have the House consider
and vote upon any amendment which will be
in aid of perfecting this bill, but not amend-
ments to defeat the bill.
Mr. COBUKN. I desire to offer an amend-
ment to the amendment which the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Cox] offered yesterday.
The SPEAKER. The amendment indi-
cated by the gentleman from New York was
not received, and is not therefore pending.
Mr. COX. I ask the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. ShelI/ABArger] to allow the House to
decide upon my amendment.
Mr. COBURN. I ask that my amendment
may be admitted.
Mr. COX. We only ask the chance of hav-
ing our amendments voted upon.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. In reply to the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Cox] I will
state what I have before stated, that we wish
to have the aid of the House in perfecting the
bill, and that we will not object to having the
House vote on any amendment in aid of that
object. But we do not desire that amend-
ments to defeat the bill shall be before the
House.
Mr. COX. Then I hope the House will kill
the bill.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I hope the gentle-
man will allow us to have some amendments
to vote upon.
Mr. COX. Will it be in order to move to
recommit this bdl with instructions?
The SPEAKER. It would be if the gen-
tleman bad the floor. But the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Shkllabarger] is entitled to the
floor.
Mr. POTTER. I desire to make an inquiry
of the gentleman from Ohio. He says that he
proposes to yield the next hour and a half to
gentlemen who oppose this bill, and then to
call the previous question.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. Yes.
Mr. POTTER. What does the gentleman
propose to do with the hour allowed him after
the previous question shall have been ordered?
Mr. SHELLABARGER. We desire that
what portion of the hour may be used shall be
occupied by the friends of the bill.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I suggest to the
gentleman to allow two hours time to the
Opposition, and it will then be a more equal
division of time.
Mr. LYNCH. The taking of an hour and a
half now, and then an hour after the previous
question is ordered, will consume the entire
day, and leave the Committee on Commerce
with no time to make other reports.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. That is true; but
this is a bill of great importance, and we all
desire that the largest discussion Bhall be had
that is possible under the order of the House.
If the House will give us another day or part
of a day for that business to which the gentle-
man alludes, we will at once agree that the
entire day shall be consumed on this bill, and
the time be divided equally between the two
sides. But under the circumstances it would
be wrong to give more time to this bill than I
have indicated, for it would cut off the other
business of the committee. I hope that my
proposition will be acquiesced in, that an hour
and a half be given to the opponents of this
bill, and then that the previous question shall be
considered as ordered.
Mr. COX. I object to that arrangement
unless the gentleman from Ohio will allow my
amendment to come in.
Mr. LYNCH. I suggest that a session be
held this evening for debate on the bill, and
that the vote bo taken to-morrow.
Mr. KERR. I object to that.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will suggest
that an evening session for debate only cau be
of no possible use. .Scarcely any one will
attend, and the only effect will be to put a few
gentlemen to great inconvenience.
Mr. LYNCH. Gentlemen can read the
speeches in the Globe to-morrow morning.
[Laughter.]
Air. PARKER, of Missouri. Nobody reads
the Globe.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I will then say
that at the expiration of one hour I will ask
the House to order the previous question upon
this bill; and I will divide the time as fairly as
possible.
Mr. WOOD. I am sure tho gentleman
from Ohio wishes to do right; and I recall
to his recollection the fact that yesterday
the friends of this bill consumed about three
hours, while on our side of the House only
one half an hour was occupied. He now pro-
poses to give us one hour and a half out of
about six hours' debate. I submit to him
whether it is not proper to give us a fair and
liberal opportunity to discuss the bill. We
may wish to amend it or to oppose it; but at
any rate we request the right to be heard. If
the gentleman will gran', two hours to us on
this side of the House I am sure we shall
make no opposition to the arrangement he
suggests.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will suggest
that unless the previous question be seconded
on the bill to-day it will not come before the
House to-morrow. The bill will not go over
as unfinished business. Its fate must be
decided to-day.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. But if the previous
question be ordered to day 
The SPEAKER. Then of course, should
the House adjourn, the bill will be the first
business in order to-morrow morning.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. Then I propose
that in two hours from now the previous ques-
tion shall be ordered.
Mr. WOOD. And that those two hours be
given to our side.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. And that those
two hours be given to the opponents of the
bill.
Mr. DAWES. That would consume upon
this bill an hour and a half to-morrow.
The SPEAKER. There could not be'mora
than an hour's debate to-morrow.
Mr. DAWES. An hour's debate, besides
the time spent in voting.
Mr. COX. I object to any arrangement
unless a vote be allowed on my amendments.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from
Ohio will observe that he must at last leave
the bill subject to the majority of the House.
He indicates now that he will not call the
previous question for two hours.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I did that with
the understanding that the bill, if pending at
the adjournment to-day, would come up
to morrow.
The SPEAKER. Without the previous
question being seconded ?
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I desire that the
previous question shall be considered as
ordered.
The SPEAKER. If the previous question
should be ordered at the adjournment to-day
the bill would of course come up, under the
rule, to-morrow morning; and if the previous
question should not be ordered, and the bill
be undisposed of at the adjournment to-day,
then it is dead.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. My object is that
it shall now be agreed that the previous ques-
tion be considered as ordered two hours from
this time.
Mr. COX. I have objected.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from-New
York [Mr. Cox] objects to any arrangement
whatever in regard to the bill.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Cannot the gentle-
man from Ohio at the end of two hours obtain
the floor and call the previous question if he
chooses?
The SPEAKER. Asa matter between him-
self and the gentleman from Ohio, the Chair
thinks the gentleman can get the floor for that
purpose. [Laughter.]
Mr. COX. I rise to a point of order. I
would like to know how the Chair can assign
the floor to anybody two hours in advance?
The SPEAKER. The Chair can give the
floor six weeks in advance to a gentleman who
has the right to close debate on a bill; and he
