1748
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 25,
officers in the city of New Orleans, to send a
small detachment of troops there, three or
four days in advance, and for this he is ar-
raigned as a criminal by the Senator from
Illinois. Sir, if he had not done it he would
have been criminal. If he had not exercised
a sound discretion he would have been subject
to censure. I justify him, I vindicate him,
and I say that so far from deserving censure
he is entitled to all praise for what he did.
Now, sir, what was the order that was com-
plained of by the Senator from Illinois ? I
have it here :
Washington, December 14,1872.
General W. H. Emory :
You may use all necessary force to preserve the
peace, and will recognize the authority of Governor
Pinchback.
Use all necessary force to preserve the
peace; had he no reason to apprehend that
the peace might be broken in the city of New
Orleans? Was he to shut his eyes to what
had gone before?
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator will allow
me to say that that is not the order to which I
referred.
Mr. MORTON. That is the one that you
Mr. TRUMBULL. The one I referred to
was issued on the 3d of December.
Mr. MORTON. What order do you refer
to?
Mr. TRUMBULL. This order is to be
found at page 54 of the report:
Department of Justice,
December 3, 1872.
S. B. Packard, esq., V. S. Marshal,
New Orleans, Louisiana!:
You arc to enforce the decrees and mandates of
the United States courts, no matter by whom re-
sisted, and General Emory will furnish you with all
necessary troops for that purpose.
GEO. H. WILLIAMS,
Attorney General.
That was before the order was made and
without a requisition.
Mr. MORTON. Well, Mr. President, was
not that his duty, to enforce the orders and
decrees of the courts, and if he had refused to
do it would he not have subjected himself to
censure? Is it not a plain constitutional
obligation resting upon him ? But let me sug-
gest to my friend that, in the absence of that
order, the marshal of the United States had
absolutely the right to command the service
of those troops.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Will the Senator from
Indiana allow me to ask him this question ?
Does he hold that it is the duty of the Presi-
dent to enforce by the use of the Army an
order of a judge which is void, and where he
usurped jurisdiction?
Mr. MORTON. That comes right back to
the other question, who was to determine that
the order was void. Is the President of the
United States a court of appeal or a court of
review, that he is to determine? I think that
Judge Durell did exceed his jurisdiction ; I
have said so frankly in my report. But then
capable lawyers differ about that very thing.
I presume there are lawyers upon this floor,
and eminent lawyers, too, who will vindicate
the action of Judge Dureil, but I think he ex-
ceeded his power and I have said so. But it
was not for the President to say, "In my judg-
ment I think he exceeds his power, and there-
fore I will not enforce his decree." The
President has no right to determine that ques-
tion. His prima facia duty is to enforce the
order, and as I before remarked in the absence
of any order on his part the marshal had the
power of summoning the troops as posse comi-
tatus to enforce the decrees of the court. Now
I will ask the Secretary of the Senate to read
the-tenth section of the enforcement act.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
" Seg. 10. And be it further enacted. That it shall
he the duty of all marshals and deputy marshals to
obey and execute all warrants and precepts issued
under the provisions of this aot, when to them di-
rected ; and should any marshal or deputy marshal
refuse to receive such warrant or other process when
tendered, or to use all proper means diligently to
execute the same, he shall, on conviction thereof,
he fined in the sum of $1,000, to the use of the per-
son deprived of the rights conferred by this act.
And the better to enable the said commissioners
to execute their duties faithfully and efficiently, in
conformity with the Constitution of the United
States and the requirements of this act, they are
hereby authorized and empowered, within their
districts respectively, to appoint, in writing, under
their hands, any one or more suitable persons,
from time to time, to execute all such warrants
and other process as may be issued by them in
the lawful performance of their respective duties,
and the persons so appointed to execute any war-
rant or process as aforesaid shall have authority to
summon and call to their aid the bystanders or
posse eomitatus of the proper county, or such por-
tion of the land or naval forces of the United States,
or of the militia, as may be necessary to the per-
formance of the duty with which they are charged,
and to insure a faithful observance of the fifteenth
amendment to the Constitution of the United
States; and such warrants shall run and be exe-
cuted by said officers anywhere in the State or Ter-
ritory within which they are issued."
Mr. MORTON. It was held by Mr. Cush-
ing, the Attorney General, in 1854, in an
elaborate opinion, that the marshal of the
United States bad a right to summon upon
the instant a detachment of United States
troops to enforce an order of the courts of the
United States.
But the complaint is that the President sent
this authority, which was not necessary, to the
marshal two or three days before, that he
might employ the Army of the United States
to enforce the orders of the court. He did
that with a full knowledge of the fact that
mobs and riots were brewing in Now Orleans,
that the air was thick with rumors iliat the or-
ders of the court would not and should not be
enforced, and that the Keliogg government
would be ridden down by violence and tram-
pled into the dust and in blood ; and as a mat-
ter of prudent forecast the President did send
the authority, for which I commend him.
And I may remark here as an evidence of the
wisdom of the action of the President, that on
the day that the Kellogg Legislature met,
the 9th of December, there were assembled
in front of that Mechanics' Institute and in the
streets leading to it thousands of men, who
were believed to be armed to the teeth, and on
the day wfien the McEnery government, so
called, went through its pretended organiza-
tion, there was an enormous mob of from ten
to fifteen thousand assembled, who were only
deterred from doing their will and breaking
out in bloody deeds by the presence of this
detachment of United States troops.
Sir, read the history of the whole transac-
tion carefully, and you will find that the Pres-
ident of the United States, so far from having
done anything for which he deserves censure,
ought to be praised by men of all parties. He
preserved the peace. Thank God for that.
He prevented the reenactment of the scenes of
1866 and 1868. Thank God for that. And in
the presence of such immense benefits and so
much good done, it is not becoming to attempt
to find technical faults with the action of the
President.
The Senator from Illinois is of the impres-
sion that what is called the McEnery govern-
ment ought to be acknowledged and estab-
lished. Now I ask the Clerk to read a passage
from the report of the majority of the com-
mittee in regard to that election. This part
of their report I assert to as being fully es-
tablished by the evidence. How in view of
this passage in their report the majority ofthe
committee could have come to some of the
conclusions that they did come to, I cannot
very well understand. I will ask to have this
part of the report read:
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
"First. A careful consideration of the testimony
convinces us that, had the ejection of November last
been fairly conducted and returned, Kellogg and his
associates, and a Legislature composed of the same
political party, would have been elected. The col-
ored population of that State outnumbers the white,
and in the last election the colored voters were
almost unanimousin their support of the Republican
ticket, Governor Warmoth, who was elected by the
Republicans of the State in 1868, had passed into op-
position, and held in his hands the entire machinery
of the election. He appointed the supervisors of
registration, and they appointed the commissioners
of election. The testimony shows a systematic pur-
pose on the part of those conducting the election to
throw every possible difficulty in the way of the col-
ored voters in the matter of registration. The poll-
ing places are not fixed bylaw, and at the last election
they were purposely established by those conducting
the election at places inconvenient of access, in those
parishes which were known to be largely Republican ;
so that, in some instances, voters had to travel over
twenty miles to reach the polls. The election was
generally conduoted in quiet, and was, perhaps, un-
usually free from disturbance or riot. Governor
Wermoth, who was the master spirit in the whole
proceeding, seems to have relied upon craft rather
than violence to carry the State for McEnery. In
the canvass of votes, which determined theMcEnerv
government to be elected, the votes of several Re-
publican parishes were rejected.
" The testimony shows that leading and sagacious
politicians of the State, who were acting with War-
moth, entertained the opinion before the election
that Warmoth's control of the election machinery
was equivalent to twenty thousand votes; and we
are satisfied, by the testimony, that this opinion was
well founded. We believe that had registration been
accessible to all and polling-places been properly
established, the result of the election would have
been entirely different. And although we cannot
approve of such a canvass as that made by the
Lynch board, who seem to have acted upon the prin-
ciple of " fighting the devil with fire," and circum-
venting fraud by fraud,-and cannot say that Kellogg's
government was elected, nevertheless we believe
that Kellogg's government was defeated, and the
popular voiee,reversed by the fraudulent manipula-
tion of the election."
Mr. MORTON. Yes, Mr. President, the
evidence bears out that passage in the report
of the majority of the committee. That election
was an organized fraud, the greatest fraud of
that kind that has been committed in this
country. An acknowledged and notorious
majority in the State of Louisiana was over-
come by this organized fraud. And the evi-
dence too will show another thing, taken in
connection with the knowlegde we all have in
regard to the condition of affairs in Louisiana,
that there is a large majority of the people of
Louisiana this day who sympathize with the
Kellogg government, and earnestly desire that
it shall be sustained.
Mr. President, the Senator from Illinois
talks about two rival Legislatures. I know
of no such thing. There is one Legislature in
Louisiana which has been recognized as law-
ful by the supreme court of that State, a court
of as high character and as able perhaps as
any supreme court in any other State. The
action of that court has recognized the Kel-
logg government in various forms; recognized
it directly because it was called upon and
could not avoid passing upon the point that
Governor Pinchback was Lieutenant Gov-
ernor by virtue of his election, and that by
virtue of the impeachment of Governor War-
moth he became the acting Governor of the
State, and that his acts as such were valid.
That supreme court was called upon to pass
on the question and could not avoid it, and
having complete and full jurisdiction of it
decided that the Lynch returning board was
the lawful board, and was the only tribunal
that had authority in Louisiana to count the
votes. That government has been recognized
by the courts of the State as being the lawful
government of the State ; it is in operation in
every department, the Governor performing
his duties, the Legislature discharging its
functions, the courts discharging their duties
in every part of the State; parish officers,
local and subordinate officers of high and
low degree, all in the actual and peaceful dis-
charge of their duties this day. Why, sir, the
McEnery legislature has no more claim to be
considered such than has a mock legislature
organized in one of our small towns for the
purpose of passing away the winter evenings.
It is but a moot legislature at the very best.
The McEnery government exists only on paper.
I do not design at this time to go further into
the facts. I am prepared to do it whenever
this matter is fairly and fully before the Sen-
ate. I undertake to say that the evidence
