1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1749'
will sustain fully the positions that I take in
my report.
I conclude with this remark, that so far as
the introduction of politics in this debate is
concerned. I am not resposible. It -was
brought here by the Senator from Illinois in
his assault upon the President, and I have
attempted simj>ly to present the facts in regard
to what the President has done to vindicate
him from these charges, and I aav to that Sen-
ator, as I say to all, let us "do justice though
the heavens fall."
Mr. HILL. Mr. President, I wish merely
to remark that I am rather glad that the course
of debate has been this morning as we find it.
Certainly, Senators have diverged very widely
from the bill or the amendment now under
consideration, for we have heard nothing of
the subject-matter of the bill supposed to be
under debate; but I think it rather fortunate
for the country and fortunate for the Senate
that this debate has sprung up. Imperfect
though it be, it foreshadows the coming time.
It is the skirmish that must precede the battle.
I do not propose myself to enter into the con-
flict at this time by any means ; but acting the
part which J think I have acted in the commit-
tee, rather to appear as a mediator between the
combatants. I am very glad that the Senator
from Ohio made the suggestion, which I think
well timed and most sensible, that the Senate
ought to confine itself to important measures
and select those of paramount interest, per-
haps those of an indispensable character, such
as the appropriation bills not yet finished ; and
that when they are concluded we should then
enter upon the discussion and decision of the
great questions involved in the Louisiana prob-
lem.
It is difficult to magnify this question.
Those of us who have considered of it for
weeks together, and have heard the testimony,
I think, have realized in all its greatness the
question before us. There is no time to be
lost by the Senate and by the House of Rep-
resentatives in considering it. It maybe that
the peace of the State of Louisiana and the
tranquillity of the nation depend upon a speedy
decision of the question. 1 have not time, nor
have I the inclination, to enter into a disquisi-
tion upon the part that any one has acted in pro-
ducing the complicated state of affairs that
we now behold. I will not now character-
ize, as I might, the action of the judge whose
acts have been the foundation, I think, of all
the misfortunes that now surround us. I will
not inquire into the action of the President in
relation to the matter; I will essay no defense
or apology. I have not time to enter upon
that, nor is it germane to my present purpose.
What I wish to do is to ask of the Senate
seriously to consider the importance of the
question, and after having disposed of the
agricultural college bill, which is now under
consideration, and of the various appropria-
tion bills, that the Senate address itself next
to the great questions mvolvedintheLouisiana
imbroglio, and that it do not relax its hold
upon the subject until a conclusion is reached.
Yesterday I called the attention of the Sen-
ate to the necessity of acting upon the ques-
tion of privilege from Kansas. That sinks
into insignificance, in my judgment', compared
with the question under debate to day. We
might well afford to let that question go over
if it became- absolutely necessary in order to
make a proper disposition of the greater ques
tion. It is true that it is more strictly personal
and does not compare in its significance with !
the Louisiana matter. 1 would be glad if the
Senate would come to an understanding, even
to Use adoption of a resolution, that after dis-
posing of the agricultural college bill—which
I think ought not to be laid aside in its present
state of perfection, after having been debated
and undergone so many attempts at amendment
as it ha,", but ought to be disposed of—that we
take up no other matter but the appropriation
bills, and then next that we proceeu to the I
consideration of the Louisiana question, and
that we continue to give our attention to that
question until the close of the session if it
be necessary, in order that we may tranquillize
that State and convince the country that we
are not indifferent to the mighty issues in-
volved. It would be downright cruelty on
the part of Congresss to devolve on the Exec-
tive the very responsible and delicate duty,
after adjournment, of making a decision in
regard to Louisiana, thereby forcing him to
decide between the rival governments down
there,_ if I may term them so. I would leave
him in no such position of responsibility.
I know it is his heartfelt desire that he should
not be placed in that position, and it would
be gross negligence, or worse than that, crim-
inal indifference on the part of Congress if
such a result should happen.
I cannot agree with the Senator from Indi-
ana, who seems to think that there are no
rival legislatures in the State of Louisiana, or
bodies of men, neither of whom have been
legally elected, as the testimony before the
committee discloses, that claim to be exercising
legislative functions for that State. It cannot
be gainsaid, I think, successfully, with all the
evidence before the committee, that there is
neither in the McEnery legislature nor the
Kellogg legislature a majority of members in
both houses^ elected according to the returns
of the election.
Mr. CONKLING. Will my friend yield to
me one moment?
Mr. HILL. Yes, sir.
Mr. CONKLING. There is, I understand,
a message from the President on the table,
which, as it concerns the line of the Senator's
argument, I ask to have read.
Mr. HILL. I will yield for that now.
. The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Ferry,
of Michigan, in the chair.) The Chair hears
no objection, and the Chair will lay before the
Senate a message from the President of the
United States, which will be read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
To the Senate and Souse of Representatives .
Your attention is respectfully invited to the condi-
tion of affairs in the State of Louisiana. Grave
complications have grown out of the election there,
oil the 6th of November last, chiefly attributable,
it is believed, to an organized attempt, on the part
of those controlling the election of officers and re-
turns, to defeat in that election the will of a major-
ity of the electors of the State. Different persons
are claiming the executive offices, two bodies are
claiming to be theLegislative Assembly of the State,
and the confusion and uncertainty, produced in this
way, fall with paralyzing effect upon all its interests.
Controversy arose, as soon as the election occurred,
over its proceedings and results; but I declined to
interfere until suit, involving this controversy to
some extent, was brought m the circuit eourt of the
United States, under and by virtue of the act of
May 31,1ST0, entitled " An aet to enforce the right
of citizens of the United States to vote in the several
States of the Union, and for other purposes."
Finding that resistance was made to judicial
process in that suit, without any opportunity, and,
in my judgment, without any right to review the
judgment of the court upon the jurisdictional or
other questions arising in the case, I directed the
United States marshal to enforce such process, and
to use, if necessary, troops for that purpose in
accordance with the thirteenth section of said act,
which provides that " it sha.ll be lawful for the Pres-
ident of the United States to employ such part of
the land or naval forces of the United States, or of
the militia, as shall benecessary to aid in the execu-
tion of judicial process undei thi* act." Two bodies
of persons claimed to be the returning board for the
State, and the circuit court in that case decided
that the one to which Lynch belonged, usually
designated by his name, was the lawful returning
board, and this decision has been repeatedly affirmed
by the district and supreme courts ot the State.
Having no opportunity or power to canvass the
votes, and the exigencies of the case demanding an
immediate decision, I conceived it to be my duty to
recognize those persons as elected who received and
held their credentials to office from what then ap-
peared to me to be and has since been decided by the
supreme court of the State to bo the legal returning
board. Conformably to the decisions of tnis board, i
a full set of State officers has been installed and a ;
Legislative Assembly organized, constituting, if not I
a dejure, at least a de facto government, which, since ;
some tune in December la«t, has had possession of
the offices and been exereit-ing the ucual powers of j
government; but opposed to this has been another i
government, claiming to control the affairs ot the i
Slate, and which has to some extent been pro fomm
organized. '
Eecent investigation into the said election has
developed so many frauds and forgeries as to make
it, doubtful what candidates received a majority of
the votes actually east, and, in view of these facts, a
variety of action has been proposed.
I have no specific recommendation to make upon
the subject; but if there is any practical way of re-
moving these difficulties by legislation, then I earn-
estly request that such action may be taken at the
present session of Congress.
It seems advisable that I should state now what
course X shall feel bound to pursue in reference to
the matter in the event of no action by Congress at
this time. Subjeet to any satisfactory arrangement
that may be made by the parties to the controversy,
which, of all thmgs, is the most desirable, it will be
my duty, so far as it may be necessary for me to act,
to adhere to that government heretofore recognized
Dy me.
To judge of the election and qualifications of its
members is the exclusive province of the Senate, as
it is also the exclusive province of the House to
judge of the election and qualifications of its mem-
bers; but as to State offices, filled and held under
State laws, the decisions of the State judicial tribu-
nals, it seeme to me, ought to be respected.
I am extremely anxious to avoid any appearance
of undue interference in State affairs, and if Con-
gress differs from me as to what ought to be done. X
respectfully urge its immediate decision to that
effect; otherwise I shall feel obliged, as far as I can,
by the exercise of legimate authority to put an end
to the unhappy controversy which disturbs the
peace and prostrates the business of Louisiana, by
the recognition and support of that government
which is recognized and upheld by the courts of the
State.
U. S. GRANT.
Executive Mansiox", February 25,1873.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move that the ;
be laid on the table and printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HILL. This message from the Execu-
tive was not unexpected by me, nor is the tone
of the message in pny degree different from
what I anticipated it would be. I am very
glad that the President has thought fit to send
it here, to add the weight of his name to that
of the committee who are urging upon the Sen-
ate action on this great matter. The Senate
naturally, I think, will soon come to the con-
clusion that it is their duty speedily to take
hold of this question and to consider it with
proper deliberation, no matter how many
hours it may involve, no matter how much dis-
cussion may ensue ; let us go on with it and
dispose of the question. It is better for Louis-
iana, better for the nation, better for Con-
gress, better for every interest, that we do not
devolve upon the Executive the necessity of
determining which of these pretended govern-
ments in Louisiana is the rightful government.
I would merely throw out in passing the
suggestion that in the course of the action of
the Senate it will be easy to arrive at one
point of great interest, and that is the main
question as to the establishment of a State
government—by starting in the preliminary
form—of presenting the name of first one of
the Senators-elect from Louisiana, and taking
action thereupon as to his admission or rejec-
tion, and in case of his rejection, then the
consideration of the credentials of the next,
and in case of his rejection, that would bring
the Senate to the conclusion that necessarily
there is no legal Legislature in Louisiana.
And yet the Senate, in my judgment, would
err if it come to the conclusion that there was
no possibility out of the members elected in
Louisiana of formingalegalLegislature. There
are enough in those two legislative bodies as
they now exist of members elected, about
whose election there is no dispute between the
leading partisans of the respective sides, to
constitute a valid Legislature. It has been
my wish and my purpose in the part I have
taken in this matter to try to assemble
together such persons as are admitted to have
been chosen members of the Legislature, and
to compel them if need be to assemble aud
organize a Legislature, and to proceed and
count the returns, and determine the result of
the election.
I must say, conflict with whom it may, that
I never can give my consent to the idea that
the Governor of a State, counted in as Gov-
ernor by a board of canvassers without returns
before them, can be a legal Governor. He
