1750
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 25,
may be a de facto Governor; there may be
such a one in Louisiana to-day ; but he cannot
be a legal Governor, because in proclaiming
his election, the election laws of the State were
eet at naught and disregarded.
But that ia foreign to my purpose in rising,
which was solely to claim the attention of the
Senate and to impress upon it the necessity
of early action in this matter, and I now ask
it to give its assent that after we have passed
the agricultural college bill, or disposed of it
in some manner, and then the separate appro-
priation bills are likewise disposed of, we
address ourselves to the Louisiana matter unre-
mittingly, not pausing to take up any busi-
ness until we arrive at a conclusion. I believe
that with the importunities of the President,
who is anxious to forego the responsibility
which will otherwise devolve upon him, the
two Houses will not hesitate to take up this
matter and dispose of it.
I am not very pertinacious in my own views.
I have merely expressed them, and I must say
injustice to the rest of the committee that not
another member of it agrees with me entirely
in them ; but it has seemed to me that looking
at the discord that existed in the committee,
the variety and discrepancy of opinions in re-
fard to this election, my suggestion was per-
aps on the whole the safest solution; and
hence I have given expression to the views I
have reported, and stated the substance thereof.
The Senate in its wisdom may come to the
conclusion that I am mistaken, and that there
is a better method out of the difficulties than
the one I have proposed.
Whenever the time for action shall arrive I
trnst that 1 shall have patriotism enough and
confidence enough in the integrity and discre-
tion of the Senate to sacrifice my individual
opinions to the best interests of my country
and the imperious necessities of the hour.
ORDER or business.
Mr. ANTHONY. Mr. President, may I ask
what is the question before the Senate ?
The PRESIDING- OFFICER, (Mr. Ferry,
of Michigan, in the chair.) The question is
on agreeing to the amendmeutproposedbythe
Senator from Minnesota [Mr. Wind on] .to
the agricultural college bill.
Mr. ANTHONY. I thought so from the
tone of the debate for the last hour or two.
[Laughter.] I was under the impression that
it was on my suggestion that this debate was
going on, and if 1 were responsible for it, I was
willing to withdraw the suggestion if it might
bring us back to what I had supposed was the
question upon which we adjourned last night,.
I stated that I would ask unanimous consent
of the Senate to proceed at twelve o'clock
to-morrow to consider the bill for publishing
the debates of Congress, and waiting for the
general assent of the Senate to be given or
refused, this debate for something more than
two hours has gone on. That was the ques-
tion that was last stated by the Chair; and
now, if I am not, out of order, I will ask the
unanimous consent of the Senate that to-
mrorow at twelve o'clock this bill for publish-
ing the debates of Congress may be considered.
Is there objection ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor from Rhode Island asks unanimous con-
sent 
Mr. WEST. I feel constrained to object.
Mr. COLE, That would be making a special
order, and I think the rule forbids that.
Mr. ANTHONY. I do not ask a special
order, but a general consent.
Mr. COLB. That is virtually a special order,
as a matter of course.
Mr. WEST. If the Senator from Rhode
Island will allow me, I have a proposition to
make. It must be evident to the Senate that
so long as this bill is under discussion, all
these questions of privilege will be injected
into the debate on the bill ostensibly, but really
for the purpose of getting the views of dif-
ferent Senators before the Senate. Now, cer-
tain allusions have been made here to the re-
sponsibilities of the Senate in the Louisiana
Case. There are other responsibilties devolv-
ing upon the Senate ; there are other responsi-
bilities devolving upon the dominant party in
this Chamber, that there shall be no extra
session of Congress. The appropriation bills,
every one of them now are crowding, and
from the experience the Senate has had to-
day on this discursive debate on an agricultu-
ral college question, that goes over the whole
political field,.surely the Senate will now sus-
tain a motion to take up the Army appropria-
tion bill. The motion I make is 
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Will the
Senator allow me?
Mr. WEST. I will yield to the Senator.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. We can dis-
pose of the national college bill in a very short
time if we can get the attention of the Senate
to it.
Mr. WEST. We have had the attention of
the Senate to it for quite a lengthy period. I
do not wish t,o antagonize the Senator's meas-
ure, but I feel that it is necessary that the
appropriation bill should be urged, and there-
fore I move to lay the pending bill on the table,
and I ask for the consideration of the Army
appropriation bill.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I ask for
the yeas and nays.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Louisiana moves that the pending
bill, the agricultural college bill, be laid on
the table, and the Senator from Vermont calls
for the yeas and nays on that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr._ SHERMAN. If the Senator from
Louisiana will allow me a moment, I will
renew the motion. It is not in order for me
to say anything while the motion to lay on the
table is pending, and if the Senator from
Louisiana will withdraw it, I will occupy the
attention of the Setiate a few moments.
Mr. WEST. Very well.
Mr. SHERMAN. I simply desire to state
that under the circumstances by which we are
surrounded I shall vote to lake up the appro-
priation bills in their order aud give them the
precedence.
In regard to the proposition of the Senator
from Indiana to take up the Caldwell case, a
matter affecting the Senator from Kansas,
what has been said already by my colleague
and by other Senators, it seems to me, ought
to convince him that it is wiser and better in
a case invoiviug so much delicacy and so
much difficulty, upon which every Senator
would desire to give his dispassionate judg-
ment, that we should not be called to act
upon it in the closing hours of the session.
I am quite sure that if that should be brought
up now it could not be fairly considered, with
the interest that it naturally excites, without
taking more time than it is possible to give to
it at this session. There is no doubt that it
can be brought up on the 4th of March next.
We are to be in extra session then by order
of the President. The order has already been
issued. We shall be here when our minds
will be unembarrassed by other questions, and
every Senator will feel the importance of the
question, and the delicacy of it will compel
him to give it faithful, careful, and particular
attention.
I propose, therefore, to vote against any
proposition to take up that case or any priv-
ileged cases which involve only persons, and de-
vote the rest of the session to the indispensable
business of the country, which I regard as the
appropriation bills, and I am not sure but that
the Louisiana ease, if likely to lead to final
action, ought to be taken up, but the appro-
priation bills first and always.
Mr. MORTON. I desire simply to say that
I have been requested by a number of Sen-
ators on the floor to permit the Caldwell case
to go over till after the 4th of March, with the
assurance that no advantage will be taken
because of the termination of Congress and
the beginning of a new one. In obedietice to
this request and upon this assurance, and
from my knowledge of the necessary busi-
ness yet to be done in the way of passing ap-
propriation bills, I will permit the Caldwell
case to go over without further suggestion from
me until after the beginning of the executive
session on the 4th of March.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I felt very little interest
in this agricultural measure until I observed
the persistence of the minority to defeat it by
prolonging debate and by dilatory motions.
For one I am unwilling that the minority shall
stand here and force their views ujfon this Sen-
ate and the country unless they have Suffi-
cient and good reasons therefor. I am a mem-
ber of the Committee on Appropriations.
There is but one bill pending before this Seh-
atefrom that committee, ana that is the Army
bill, and it comes before the Senate in a form
that will lead to but little debate in my judg-
ment. It is restricted from all excesses, and
it comes before you not increased from last
year's appropriation, and is of itself unobjec-
tionable and cannot take but a very few mo-
ments of the consideration of the Senate.
The rest of the appropriation bills are yet
to come. Those that are before the Commit-
tee on Appropriations have not yet been con-
sidered ; so that the observation in relation to
the appropriation bills is not pertinent here
at this moment.
Mr. TIPTON. By general consent femarks
have been made that 1 think are very unneces-
sary in this Chamber and highly improper on
the part of the Senator from Rhode Island,
[Mr. Sprague.] This moment he avers that
tie is not willing that a minority shall stand in
the way of the business of the Senate unless
they have good reasons therefor. Who shall
decide in regard to the goodness of the reasons
of a minority in the Senate of the United
States? The honorable Senator from Rhode
Island is to be the judge who shall settle all
theBe questions for a minority of the Senate
of the United States. No, sir; up to the
present time there has been no factious oppo-
sition or delivering of speeches for the purpose
of killing time, and that averment of the Sen-
ator was only of a piece with a remark of the
Senator from Vermont this morning when he
deprecated the idea that a minority of the
Senate should be pertinacious.
Who is this minority of the Senate of the
United States? It is led here by the honor-
able Senatorfrom Indiana, [Mr. Morton,] that
I supposed at one time in his life had some
slight prominence in the great dominant party
of this country. Who sustain the honorable
Senator from Indiana in this minority that is
sneeringly spoken of here to-day with such
imperious consequence? The honorable Sen-
ator from Ohio, [Mr. Sherman,] who has been
as long before the country at least as those
who make the allegation. Who else is in this
minority here? The honorable Senator from
New York, [Mr. Conkling,] who has certainly
had some experience in the lower House, if he
was not absolutely born there, and some ex-
perience iu the Senate of the United States,
also. Who else are the insignificant men that
are factious in a minority ? The honorable
Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr, Wilson1,]
the Vice President-elect of the United States,
unfortunately for his reputation [laughter] has
been identified with thia minority also; and I
stand here as one of the humblest Senators on
this floor to protest against such language in
regard to the rights of the minority. Men
who to-day are in a majority are not par ex-
cellence the dominant majority of this Senate
in all time to come; and perhaps somebooy
else will be in the minority to-morrow and
standing in connection with the Senator from
Indiana, the Senator from Ohio, the Senator
from New York, and unfortunately the Sena-
tor from Massachusetts. [Laughter.]
