THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 22,
chiefly lives, grows, and prospers because it
is free, unrestricted, untrammeled by unwise
and despotic laws.
• Mr. KELLEY. I should like, as the gen-
tleman challenged me, to ask another ques-
tion : whether she does not contract with private
ship-yards, at enormous rates, for building all
her war steamers, and thus cheapens the rate
at which they can construct private vessels ?
■ Mr. KERR. It is very seldom I ask any
personal favor, but I wish to ask the House to
give me four or live minutes more.
- Mr. KELLEY. I hope it will be done; but
if the gentleman challenges me, I hope he will
allow me to answer.
Mr. KERIl. I should be glad to have a
little time longer.
Mr. HAN1)ALL. I move the gentleman's
time be extended ten minutes.
There was no objection; and Mr. Kerr's
time was extended.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. That does not
affect the understanding as to when the pre-
vious question is to be Sailed.
The SPEAKER. The Chair had recognized
the gentleman from New. York, [Mr. Wood,]
jvho was to follow the gentleman from Indiana,
[Mr. Kerb,] and have thirty minutes. The
extension of the time of the gentleman from
Indiana will not interfere with the time of the
gentleman from New York, and at the expira-
tion of forty minutes the Chair will recognize
the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Siiellabargeii. ]
Mr. KERR. Mr. Speaker, in answer to
what my friend from Pennsylvania [Mr. Kel-
mt] said just before he returned to his seat, I
desire to say, before proceeding further, what
this House I have no doubt well knows and
well understands,' that in Great Britain for
many years there has been absolute free trade
in ships, free trade in shipping, and free trade
it) the practical conduct of commerce, not
alo'ne foreign or international commerce, but
even the coastwise trade of Great Britain and
of her colonies. There is absolute free trade.
Anybody in Great Britain may go wherever
h6 pleases to buy his ships or to procure them
to be constructed, and then put them under
the British flag, under British registry,_ and
give them the national character and national
protection. But I know of no practice of
"building war vessels in private yards at excess-
ive cost simply to favor builders ; nothing of
the bind.
I must not be understood, in speaking of
trade being absolutely free in Great Britain,
•to say ormean that there are no duties imposed
on any imports. I only mean that shipping
and commerce are absolutely free, and that
the very few customs duties that remain are
imposed solely for revenue, never for protec-
tion ; and this is literally true in Great Britain
of all her taxation, whether by tariff duties or
by internal excises—all for revenue alone, and
nothing else, no special favors, privileges, or
franchises.
Mr. SHELLABAItGEIl. I hold in my
hand the official reports of the British Pailia-
ment, sent to me by the American minister,
in which is given the amount of annual sub-
sidy, and it is there called by the name of
"subsidy."
Mr. KERR. I cannot yield to the gentle-
man further. I have stated what are the facts
on that subject, and the gentleman cannot
gainsay what I have stated.
Now, what we need in this country, in order
to bring ua back to prosperity and to the pos-
session of a magnificent commercial marine
that shall equal the best in the world, is this
same precious, original, God-given right of
freedom of exchange, free ships, free trade,
freedom in everything that goes to constitute
the ship, as well as personal freedom in our
merchants to go whither they will and procure
ships, and then to bring them home and put
them under the American flag. It is the best
way, and it is demonstrable that it is the cheap-
est way, to build up again and restore to
strength and power our American commerce.
"Eree trade in shipping"—
The same historian says, page 174-76—
" Free trade in shipping has proved as advan-
tageous to British seamen as the same pnnciplo ap-
plied to agriculture, manufactures, and commerce
has been to every other branch of industry, lhe
freest competition of the whole world has proved
that they are still able to compete successfully with
all their rivals, notwithstanding thatthey have been
deprived of protective laws previously considered
indispensable to the protection of our mercantile
marine."
And again, page 175 :
"Indeed the prosperity of British shipping and
British ship-building dates from the repeal ol the
navigation laws. Prior to that period no progress
had been made since 1816. The number of vessels
had decreased, the tonnage was stationary, the ship-
owner was always in distress."
That is the testimony of history, of impar-
tial, unprejudiced history, not the testimony
of interested gentlemen, not the testimony of
jobbers, not the testimony of the lobby, not
the testimony of men who want to own ships
at other people's expense, not the testimony
of men who seek to carry goods and to be paid
profits out of the Treasury.
Mr. TO WNSEND, of New York. Will the
gentleman allow me to ask him a question?
Mr. KERR. Certainly.
Mr. TOWNSEND, of New York. I wish
to ask the gentleman whether all that does not
date back to the time when wooden vessels
were the principal medium of commerce
throughout the world ? *"
Mr. KERR. What if it does? That has
no more logical connection with these great
principles than the last eclipse. The fact of
the ships being iron or wooden has nothing to
do with the beneficent working of these great
enduring laws of trade and commerce. 1 hold
ill my hand the latest valuable and exhaustive
work connected with the history of commerce
in the world. It is the History of British
Commerce from 1763 to 1870, by Leone Levi.
I submit two paragraphs from this great book,
which so strikingly and impressively confirm
and verify all I have said that I trust gentle-
men will carefully weigh them. Mr. Leone
Levi says, pages 301 to 303 of the work whose
title I have just mentioned :
"Ere wo pass from the repeal of the corn law
and its consequences, reference must be made to an
aehieveuientcortainly not less important in relation
to the economic policy of the country, the repeal
of the navigation law. In 1845 these laws were con-
solidated, and it seemed as if they were to continue
for many a year in existence, but the necessity for
suspending their operation in 18i6 and 1847, and the
progress ot public opinion in matters of free trade,
suggested an inquiry into the operation and policy
of such laws in 18-17. Of that committee Mr. Milner
Gibson was chairman, and during, the year .they
published live reports on the subject, containing
valuable evidence tending to show the objections to
such laws and the injury which they caused, not-
withstanding their restricted operation, a large por-
tion of tho trade being no longer protected by them.
Evidence was given to the effect that, looking to the
geographical position of this country, and to the
peculiar energy of her people, tho extent of her
trado, her great capital, and her success in maritime
enterprise, there need be no limit to the prosperity
of her shipping were it not for tho restrictions and
unnecessary charges imposed on it by the naviga-
tion act, tho registry act, and several other acts. It
was urged that if wo could reduce the cost of ships,
and consequently of freights, we should increase
trado to an enormous extent; that the immense
traffic which railways occasioned in this country
was the strongest proof that cheap conveyance on
the sea would be attended with similar results, and
that we should not only obtain a much larger quan-
tity of goods than havehitherto cometo market, but
that we should find new exchangeable commodities
which did not then come hero; that we should bring
tho timber of India or Australia, at half its present
cost; and that we should carry on the fisheries to a
much greater extent, und be enabled to increase
every branch of industry iu this and other countries
toavery largeextent. Ship-owners certainly prog-
nosticated ail manner of evil likely to arise from the
repeal of the navigation laws. They warned the
nation that such laws had raised it to tho station it
held, and that without them it would as rapidly go
down as it had risen. They were certain that the
repeal of such laws would reduce shipping property
fully thirty per cent, in value, and introduce the
cheap navigation of other countries in competition
with the costly navigation of this country, and that,
despairing ot success, the British ship-owner must
retire from the contest, llcally, however, the advo-
cates of the navigation laws had little to say^ in their
f,ivor based on substantial tacts, lhe committee
made no report in 1847. but the general impression
was that the repeal of such laws would benefit trade,
and that the necessity lor action had becomo lmrni-
nCf'A'ccordingly in 1848, as soon as public attention
could be given to the subject, Mr. Labouchere m
Committee of the W hole House, moved a resolution
to the effect ' That it is expedient to iemovc the
restrictions which prevent tlie carnage of giby
sea to and from the United Kingdom and the British
possessions abroad, and to amend the laws regulating
the coasting trade of the United Kingdom, subject,
nevertheless, to such control as may be necessary,
and also to amend the laws for the registration ot
ships and seamen.' But a concerted opposition was
made to such proposition, and Mr. Hemes moved a
counter resolution: "That it is essential to the
national interest of the country to maintain the
fundamental principles of the navigation laws, sub-
ject to such modifications as may be best calculated
to obviate any proved inconvenience to the com-
merce of the United Kingdom and its dependencies,
and without danger to our national strength, lho
discussion was long and animated, and the two op-
posing views were fully enforced ana illustrated,
but it ended, as might have been expected, m the
defeat of Mr. Herries's amendment by a majority
of 294 against 177. But the session was lost, and
the subject had to bo deterred to another year.
Again, however, in 1849, Mr. Labouchere proposed
the same resolution, only adding that provision
should be made giving power to the queen m
council to reenact these laws, wholly or in part,
with regard to any countries as to which the uov-
ernment might think fit that they should be pre-
served. Power was given to him to bring m a bill,
and it was read a second time by a majority oi zoo
to 210. As originally proposed, the bill was intended
to throw open the coasting trade, as well as the
foreign trade; but the Government of ,tpe United
States having notified their refusal to reciprocate
this concession, and some objection having been
raised by the department of customs becauso of the
difficulty of enforcing effectual regulations to guard
the revenue from danger, the clauses relating to
the coasting trade were withdrawn, and the bill
passed into law. But even this restriction was ulti-
mately relinquished, and both the navigation on the
coast of the United Kingdom and the manning of
British ships were left entirely free."
I trust every gentleman in the House, from
whatever section he comes, whether he repre-
sents a protective or a free-trade interest, or
anything else, will do his own intelligence the
justice to read that book, and investigate the
practical working of these laws.
Now, Mr, Speaker, I have many times had
occasion to say in this House that what I
believed to be the cause that our commerce
has hitherto declined and is now languishing
is that horrible incubus, all expressed in the
one word "protection"—hypocritical, every
way false, utterly unmeaning in its commer-
cial application—protection, which means
oppression of all for the benefit of a few. I
say that if the gentlemen who want these boun-
ties, and who want protection generally, did
not believe that the creation and continuance
of laws of this kind were to put money into
their pockets, and into the pockets of nobody
else, they would at once become free-traders.
They would at once want free ships and free
goods, and freedom of exchange. All the
people of this country whose minds upon this
subject are enlightened and impartial, uncon-
trolled by sllflsh interests, do want freedom
of exchange. It is the one great remedy which
will soonest give them cheap transportation.
This great truth is demonstrated by the ex-
perience of Great Britain, Belgium, Germany,
and other countries of Europe whose taxation
is for revenue alone. Successful commerce
requires cheap ships; protection makes them
dear. Successful commerce demands cheap
railroads, and cheap freights and fares for
transportation ; tariffs for protection make
them high and oppressive. Vigorous and pros-
perous commerce needs complete freedom of
exchange, both inland and external, but pro-
tective tariffs destroy both. Our commerce
of all kinds has always been mo3t prosperous,
extensive, and profitable under our nearest
approaches to taxation for revenue alone. No
nation can successfully compete in the mar-
kets of the world whose cost of production is
increased by any artificial or unnatural means ;
but protective tariffs, more than all other fiscal
agencies known to civil government, cause this
fatal increase.
