1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
791
Mr. WOOD. Mr. Speaker, I have listened
to this discussion with much interest. I always
approach the consideration of ar.y proposi-
tion to advance the interests of foreign com-
merce with natural proclivities in its favor. To
some extent I fully indorse what was said yes-
tprday by the chairman of the Committee on
Commerce [Mr. Sheiaabaeger] when he de-
clared, with historical references, the import-
ant influences which the foreign trade and
commerce of a nation have on its greatness
and prosperity. I know that this great nation,
with all its internal commerce, with all its
domestic trade, must be provided with for-
eign markets and have navigation. I know,
moreover, that the prosperity and greatness
of the city that I in part represent have been
mainly derived from the position it occupies
as the commercial emporium of the United
Slates, arising from its foreign trade. There-
fore, in consideration of the interests of those
1 immediately represent, I examined this bill
■with an earnest desire that I could support it.
1 looked at it, sir, for the first time yesterday,
and I found it to be a measure ostensibly de-
signed to encourage the foreign commerce of
the United States. Upon an examination of
its propositions, the means by which it pro-
poses to accomplish this object, I find certain
provisions which, to say the least, are very
extraordinary and very remarkable. If it
were possible ior me to lay aside my early
convictions with reference to the powers of
the Government, my early convictions with
reference to what is really and in fact for the
interest of commerce, I certainly would go
very far to afford the facilities and encourage-
ment that this bill proposes to give in aid of
the construction of lines of steamships.
Now, sir, what is proposed ? It is proposed
to organize a new department of the Govern-
ment, to be called a board of commissioners
of commerce, to consist of the Secretary of
the Treasury, the Secretary of War, the Post-
mastei General, and the Secretary of the Navy,
to be a-sisted by a secretary to be appointed
by the President and Senate. I do not com-
plain, as the gentleman from Indiana [Mr.
Kerb] has done, of the construction of this
board. I am perfectly willing to confer addi-
tional duties by legislation on existing officers
of the Government if it will advance the inter-
ests of the people. I therefore take no ex-
ception to the creation of this board or to the
conferring of these dudes upon these officers,
making them ex officio members of a board for
this purpose. But what more is proposed?
That this board of commissioners shall have
power to regulate the foreign trade and com-
merce of this country so far as means of tran-
sit are concerned. I do not think the bill goes
so far as the gentleman from Indiana says, and
gives the board the power of legislation, but it
does incoritrovertibly give the board power to
regulate the means by which it is proposed to
conduct the foreign commerce of the country.
Under this bill this board of commercehas
power to provide lines of steamships; to issue
pioposals ; to make contracts tor the original
construction of steamships; to confer upon
those lines, after their construction, exemp-
tions and privileges; and that the ports of
New York, New Orleans, and San Francisco,
naming them in the bill, shall be preferred to
all the other seaports of the United States,
aud have conferred upon them especial subsi-
dized lines, to be created and established offi-
cially by the Government and supported out
of the public Treasury.
Now J would ask the distinguished gentle-
man from Ohio, [Mr. Shellabargeu,] who is
cu.-unguished as a lawyer as well as a states-
man, how lie can, under the ninth section of
article one of the Constitution of the United
States, propose to give preference by this reg-
ulation ot the foreign commerce of the eouu-
tiy to the ports of one State over the ports of
another State; how ho can select the States
of New York, Louisiana, and California., and
confer upon those States, by a gift from the
public Treasury of the United States, the ex-
clusive advantage of establishinglines of steam-
ships not the property of the Government, but
in the interest of individuals. The sixth clause
of (he ninth seetion of article one of the Con-
stitution says:
" No preference shall be given by any regulations
of eommcrce or revenue to the ports of one State
over those ot another."
This bill most assuredly and undeniably
proposes to do that very thing. And thatisnot
all; the bill proposes to construct this board
with not only the power to regulate the foreign
commerce otthe United States, but with power
to regulate the domestic commerce as well. If
wr have the power to do this, it can deprive the
Statesofall control over their internal waters.
The power to regulate the foreign or the domes-
tie commerce of the United States, and confer
upon this board the duties to discharge in aid
of commerce, including officers having charge
of the interests of immigrants and of Ameri-
can seamen, will cover the whole subject. It
is thus seen that the bill proposes to confer
upon this board powers beyond the mere
granting of subsidies to steamship lines, to ab-
solutely take charge of the whole domestic and
foreign commerce of the United States, to the
exclusion of any State jurisdiction whatever.
The board will have power to subsidize to
the extent of one hundred thousand tons per
annum, seventy five thousand tons for ocean
ji navigation and twenty-five thousand tons for
the lakes; these subsidies to extend for a
period of five years, though by the eighth sec-
tion it is provided that the subsidies for sail-
ing vessels over three hundred tons shall be
twelve dollars per ton, and without limitation
of time. Now, my friend from Indiana [Mr.
Kerr] has given us some figures in reference
to the cost of all this. I have made my own
calculations, and will state to the House what
they are, in order to show how much will be
the annual expenditure growing out of this
bill, and what the expenditure will be for the
five years limitation. Fifteen dollars per ton for
seventy-five thousand tons will be $1,125,000
per annum ; twelve dollars per ton for twenty-
fivethousand tons will be $300,000 per annum.
Estimating that we construct about two hun-
dred thousand tons per year of sailing vessels
entitled to twelve dollars subsidy, under section
twelve, makes $2,400,000 more, thus making
an aggregate of $3,825,000 a year. For the
five years provided for in this bill the amount
would be $19,125,000,
There, sir, is the amount of annual expendi-
ture, and the amount of expenditure for the
period of five years, during which these sub-
sides are to run, that would be imposed upon
the Government of the United States for the
purpose of carrying out the purpose of this
bill. So far as the twelve-dollar per ton sub-
sidy goes, provided for under section eight,
there is no limitation of time. It runs on con-
tinuously, and will doubtless be continued and
enlarged by further legislation if this bill be-
comes a law. Indeed, it is sate to conclude
that after the establishment of this precedent
and principle we shall annually increase the
bounties proposed indefinitely and ad infini-
tum.
But notwithstanding this enormous outlay
I should not take exceptions to the mere cost,
if by so doing we could revive the foreign
trade and permanently establish the navigat-
ing interest. I believe it would prove to be an
economical expenditure of the public money.
I believe it is physically impossible for this
great country ever to reach that greatness,
that wealth, that national standard to which
we all aspire, without a great extension of
foreign commerce. V* e all know that we pi o-
duce in excess of our consumption. We must
have foreign markets ; we must have American
tonnage and American navigation. But there is
a great difference between commerce and navi-
gation . I caution gentlemen not to confuse com-
merce and navigation. Mere ship-building is
within itself an industry; the mere construc-
tion of the vessels which convey the articles
produced is but an industry; it is not com-
merce, but an agency of commerce; it is not
trade. Something more is necessary than
ships. We must have merchandise, we must
have products, we must sell as well as bay.
We all know that we are to-day largely in
excess in our agricultural productions over
home consumption. We all know that what
we require is cheap transit. Weall know that
to build up this great nation we must not only
protect the manufacturing, but the agricul-
tural, the commercial, and the trading inter-
ests of the nation as well. All those great
interests are really identical and interlaced
one with the other. It is impossible for us to
select one industry and promote its growth by
artificial appliances, and allow the other indus-
tries to suffer, any more than it would be wise
for us to take one member of our bodies and
advance it to great strength and power when
by so doing we sap the foundation of our
physical existence. Therefore I say to gen-
tlemen that the/ must not only take care of
the navigation of the country, but of these
other interests, without which navigation itself
would be entirely useless._
Now, Mr. Speaker, will subsidies accom-
plish this? Is it possible by the application
of the forcing process to create strong and
vigorous health ? Can we resuscitate a dying
man by a stimulant ? Is it not necessary to
have some more potent and influential agency
by which to revive and restore heathful exist-
j ence?
1 WThen the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Shel-
J labarger] yesterday made his historical refer-
I ences to the nations of ancient and modern
i times, he, in my judgment, failed entirely to
; make the proper application to the present
condition and attitude of things in the United
States. Out of all the nations to which he
referred he instanced but one which, accord-
ing to his own argument, had advanced its
commerce by subsidies ; and that was England.
I think that if he will closely examine the con-
tracts made by the British Government with
these different subsidized lines, he will find
that in every instance the bounties are given
as an equivalent for mail carrying; and that
outside of what is considered as such an
equivalent, not one dollar is given as subsidy
even by the English Government itself.
The gentleman will also recollect that to-day
the two most powerful nations on the earth—
certainly the greatest empires of Europe, Rus-
: sia and Germany—have no subsidies, and have
| very little foreign trade and commerce. In
Hamburg and Bremen the Hanseatic League
|! never gave one dollar of subsidies. France
!i never gave subsidies except to two lines of
i! steamers. Austria has but one small sea-
!; port. Denmark, Norway, and_ Sweden, con-
!■ stituting Scandinavia, the maritime nations of
!j northern Europe afford no governmental aid
' to navigation. Denmark has aline of steamers
rinming from Copenhagen to New York, but
, no subsidv is given to it. The great commerce
;i now carried on between Hamburg, Bremen,
, and other German ports and New York, con-
li ducted in the finest steamers afloat on the sea,
'! are prosperous without subsidy. The highest
1; degree of prosperity ever reached in this coun-
!j try, so far as the foreign trade and extent of
ji American shipping are concerned, was from
i; the years 1840 to 1800, and during this period
j! not one dollar was given by the Government
ij to aid or stimulate except the small sum which
|j was given to the New York Collins line of
ji steamers, and this went down and utterly
!, broke up aud failed.
Therefore. I desire gentlemen to remember
I' that something more than subsidy is required
!i to build up foreign commerce, We want
