1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1753
I come from a State that is proud of her agri-
culture. I come from a State that glories in
her farms and her farming population. I come
from a State which has her agricultural socie-
ties and her agricultural boards, more efficient
than any agricultural college in all the length
and breadth of the United States. I come
from a State that cherishes and fosters her
agriculture, and no man from whom is its
enemy. But, sir, if she had no industry there
whatever but agriculture, if she depended
upon that alone for the subsistence of her
people, I never would support such a proposi-
tion as this.
One word more on this subject. This bill
is confined to the States. When I spoke last
night I thought, looking simply at the title of
that act, which I find to be a misnomer, that
it included the Territories. It does not in-
clude the Territories, and now we propose
to take the proceeds of the sales of public
lands 
Mr. MORTON. In the Territories?
Mr. THURMAN, Yes, in the Territories,
where the most of them are, and we propose
that that money which the people of the Ter-
ritories pay for the land upon which they are
to dwell, shall be taken and not one particle
of the benefit that is derived from it shall be
derived by them. Why, sir, there are nine
great Territories now in the United States,
many of them destined to remain Territories
for years to come, and yet we take one half
of the money which the people of those Ter-
ritories pay for the lands on which they are to
live and give it to the States, and allow those
people of the Territories not the slightest
benefit in the world from it. Where is the
justice of that? Where is the propriety of any
such thing as that? What right have you (for
there are hundreds of thousands of people in
the Territories) to take their money and ex-
clude them from any benefit whatever from it?
Mr. President, the more that you consider
this subject (and I say it with great respect
and in no dogmatical manner) the more mon-
strous, or at least the more indefensible it
becomes. I hope the bill will be laid on the
table, and that we shall consider the appropria-
tion bills and the legitimate work of the ses-
sion.
Mr. CHANDLER. This is probably the
most extraordinary proposition ever presented
to a legislative body. Here is a measure that
proposes to take from your Treasury §100,-
000,000; and as my honorable friend from
Ohio says, it makes no difference whether it
comes from customs, from lands, or from in-
ternal revenue; it is money out of your Treas-
ury. You propose to take one hundred mil-
lions from your Treasury and give it to the
agricultural colleges of the United States.
Now, sir, considering this simply as a land
question, where do we find ourselves? The
United States has now nine hundred million
acres of land or thereabouts, and from that
nine hundred millions you must deduct the
hill tops that are not capable of cultivation, the
water area, the marsh area, and other areas.
Then you have to deduct the usual amount
given to Territories, and it reduces the amount
now owned by the United States, outside of
Alaska, to about four hundred million acres.
The House the other day, prior to passing this
bill, passed a bounty land bill. The House
put through with a rush a bill granting three
hundred and fifty-two millions ot these four
hundred millions as bounties to soldiers. Then
they made haste, for fear there might be enough
land left for a national park or some other
purpose, to get rid of t,he balance by sending
us this bill.
Now, Mr. President, the State of Michigan
has an agricultural college,and had it long be-
fore the passage of your original bill in 1862.
The State established the college, and it is
perhaps the best agricultural college in the
United States. But there are very few students
there, i presume not more than a hundred j
and it is not for the benefit, as a whole, of the
agricultural population. As my friend from
Ohio remarked, it is only wealthy men who
can send their sons to an agricultural college
to receive an agricultural education, and then
a very large proportion of them are ready to
leave agriculture.
Sir, if we propose to devote these lands to
the promotion of education, let us give them
to the universal education of the masses; let
them be distributed among the States accord-
ing to their population per capita for universal
education, and not given to a privileged
class.
I should like to know when Dartmouth Col-
lege became an agricultural institution. When
1 left there her professors knew as much about
agriculture as Nicodemus did about the seeond
birth. [Laughter.] Here is Dr. McCosh,
president of an agricultural college over in
New Jersey, and, forsooth, he is here wanting
this bill passed in haste. What does Dr.
McCosh know about agriculture?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The Senator
is doing injustice to Dr. McCosh.
Mr. CHANDLER. Then I shall apologize.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. It so happens
that Dr. McCosh is on the other side of this
question.
Mr. CHANDLER. Then he is a very
sensible man. [Laughter.] I have made a
mistake and I apologize. But take all these
institutions of learning that have received this
donation, this great bounty, such institutions
as Dartmouth College, and tell me how much
benefit the agricultural population of the
United States will derive from this vast dona-
tion.
Then again we have divers and sundry bills
that are pressing. My friend from Rhode
Island says that there is but one appropriation
bill ready for presentation. I am told by other
members that there are four or five coming
from the Committee on Appropriations. Then
I have a little river and harbor bill, and if the
Senate will allow me two or three hours I
should like to pass that; but if this debate is
to go on, night and day on this bill until the
close of the session, I see noway in which you
can pass a single one of your appropriation
bills. We agreed that we would take up and
go through with the bills on the Calendar that
were not objected to. Why not take up the
Calendar and go through with it and pass
those necessary measures of legislation -that
are not objected to ? Let us finish the neces-
sary legislation first. Then, if we have time,
let us discuss college land bills. I should
like to ask the chairman of the Committee on
Piuance whether he has made arrangements
to increase taxation. We went on for months
and years reducing taxation until now we
are behindhand; the last month I believe
about $400,000, and the month before a
considerable amount. I should like to ask
the chairman of the Committee on Appro-
priations if he has made arrangements for
the increase of taxation aud then let the
people know what they are taxed for. It is
to donate this money to agricultural colleges
one hundred millions at a time. I hope the
bill will be laid on the table.
Mr. COLE. I will reply to the Senator by
saying that that is no part of the duty of the
Committee on Appropriations.
The PRESIDING OEFICER. Did the
Chair understand the Senator from Michigan
to move to lay the bill on the table?
Mr. CHANDLER. I did not, but I believe
my friend from Louisiana did.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That mo-
tion was withdrawn.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. We have
had four set speeches from the Senator from
Ohio discussing not only the land bill, but
the tariff, and going into various details of his-
tory which I should very much like to discuss,
but at this time I trust we shall do nothing but
vote.
Mr. THURMAN. Is there any pending
amendment ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The pend-
ing question is on the amendment proposed by
the Senator from Minnesota [Mr. Window] to
the amendment of the House of Representa-
tives.
Mr. THURMAN. What is that?
Mr. WINDOM. The effect of the amend-
ment (although the debate has wandered some-
what from it during the last three or four
hours) is to limit the aggregate amount that
any college can receive to $1,000,000. By the
bill, as I have said several times, and I think
it has not been disputed by any one, they will
eventually receive two millions. I want to
limit them so that this thing shall not cost the
Government more than forty-seven millions
instead of ninety-four million dollars.
Mr. STEWART. I object to that amend-
ment because of the implication in it that
these colleges will receive a million apiece. I
hold that there will never be a sufficient amount
of public lands sold to give them that, much
money. If there should be, I should be very
much disappointed in the operation of the
homestead law. I hope it will never be antici-
pated that there will be as much as $37,000,000
realized from the sales of the public lands. I
want the homestead law to have a more ex-
tended operation, so that the land may go to
actual settlers, and I object to the implication
contained in this amendment that there may
be land sold sufficient to realize that amount.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The com-
putation of the Senator from Minnesota did
not anticipate that amount would be realized
under sixty-five years.
Mr. STEWART. I would rather that all
the lands should be taken by actual settlers
who should pay nothing for them, than that
that sum should be realized from their sale.
Mr. WINDOM. The Senator is a very
good lawyer. Does he think, if we insert a
limit of $1,000,000, that that implies that we
shall grant them $1,000,000 in any way?
Mr. STEWART. It will be understood
that they are to get that amount, and I wish
to put in this protest that it shall bear no such
implication that there shall be that amount
of lands sold, for I think it much more to the
interest of the country that the lands should
be taken up by actual settlers and not held
for many years.
Mr. THURMAN. If this bill is to pass the
Senate I have one or two amendments which
I shall offer in perfect good faith; but, iu
order to test the question whether the Senate
will really proceed with this bill, I move to lay
it on the table.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I ask for the
yeas and nays on that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. STOCKTON. I desire to announce
that I am paired on this question with the
Senator from Georgia, [Mr. Hill,] who was
obliged to leave the Senate.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 18, nays 26 ; as follows :
YEAS—-Messrs. Casserly, Cole, Conkling, Cooper,
Davis, Fenton, Hamilton of Maryland, Lewis,
Machen, Morton, Pratt, Ramsey, Sherman. Steven-
son, Thurman, Tipton, Wilson, and ffiodom-18.
NAYS—Messrs, Alcorn, Blair, Borcman, Brown-
low, Buckingham, Cameron. Clayton, Corbett,
Cragin, Edmunds, Ferry of Michigan, Flanagan,
Hamilton of Texas, Hamlin, Harlau, Hitchcock,
Logan, Morrill ofVorniont, Norwood, Nye, Osborn,
Patterson, Pool, Rice, Sawyer, and Sprague—26.
ABSENT—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Bayard. Cald-
well, Carpenter, Chandler, Ferry of Connecticut,
Frelinghuysen, Gilbert, Goldthwaite. Hill. Howe.
Johnston, Kelly, Morrill of Maine, Pomeroy. Ran-
som, Robertson, Saulsbury, Schurz, Scott, Spencer,
Stewart, Stockton, Sumner, Trumbull, Viokers.
West, and Wrighi—29.
So the Senate refused to lay the bill on the
table.
MESSAGE FKOM THE IIOUSB.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the bill (S. No.
