1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
793
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I ask for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 121, nays 65, not vot-
ing 55; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Acker, Ambler, Archer, Arthur,
Beatty, Erasmus W. Beck. James B. Beck, Bell, Bird,
Austin Blair, Boarman, Braxton, Bright, Buckley,
Burchard, Roderick R. Butler. Caldwell, Carroll,
Coburn, Comingo, Conner, Cotton, Cox, Crebs, Crit-
cher, Crossland, Davis, Vox, DuBose, Duke, El-
dredge, Ely, Farnsworth, Farwell, Finkelnburg,
Forker, Wilder D. Poster, Getz, Giddings, GolUday,
Griffith, Haldeman. Hambleton, Hancock, Handley,
Hanks, Harper, John T. Harris. John B. Hawley,
Joseph R. Hawley, Hay, Hays, Gerry W. Hazelton,
Hereford. Herndon, Hibbard, Holman, Kendall,
Kerr, King, Kinsella, Lamison, Leach, Lewis, Mac-
Intyre, Manson, Marshall, McClelland, McCormick,
McCrary, Mcllenry, McJunkin, McNeely, Merrick,
Benjamin F. Meyers, Mitchell, Morgan, JSiblack,
Packard, Hosea W. Parker, Perry, Potter, Price,
Prindle, Randall, Read, Edward Y. Rico, John M.
Rice, Ritchie, William R. Roberts, Robinson, Sion
H. Rogers, Roosevelt, Sessions, Shanks, Sherwood,
Shober, Shoemaker, Slater, Slocum, Wo'rthington C.
Smith, Speer, Stevens, Storm, Stoughton, Swann,
Terry, Turner, Tuthill, Tyner, Van Trump,Vaughan,
Voorhees, Waddell, Wakcman, Wells. Whiteley,
Whitthorne. Willard, Winchester, and Wood—121.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Banks, Barber, Bingham,
Buffinton, Bunnell, Burdett, Benjamin F. Butler,
Conger, Crocker, Dawes, Donnan, Dunnell, Barnes,
Frye, Garfield, Hale, Halsey, Harmer, George E.
Harris, John W. Hazelton, Hill, Hoar, Hooper,
Houghton, Kelley, Kellogg, Ketcham, Lamport,
Lansing, Lynch, Maynard, McGrew, Merriam, Mon-
roe, Morey, Leonard Myers. Negley, Orr, Isaac C.
Parker, Pendleton. Perce. Peters, Porter, Rainey,
Ellis H. Roberts, Rusk, Sargent, Sawyer, Sheldon,
Shellabarger, John A.Smith. Sprague,Starkweather,
Stevenson, St. John, Dwight Townsend, Washington
Townsend, Twichell, Upson, Walden, Wallace,
Wheeler, Williams of Indiana, and John T.
Wilson—-65. _
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Averill, Barnum,
Barry, Bigby, Biggs, James G. Blair, Boles, Brooks,
Campbell, Clarke, Cobb, Coghlan, Creely, Darrall,
De Large, Dickey, Dodds, Duell, Elliott, Esty,
Charles Foster, Henry D. Foster, Garrett, Goodrich,
Havens, Killinger, Lowe, MeKeeJSlcKinney, Moore,
Morphis, Packer, Palmer, Peck. Piatt, Poland, John
Rogers, Seofield, Seeley, Sloss, H.Boardman Smith,
Snapp. Snyder, Stowell, Sutherland, Sypher, Taffe,
Thomas, Waldrun, Walls, Warren. Williams of New
York, Jeremiah M. Wilson, and Young—65.
So the motion to lay ou the table was
agreed to.
Mr. COX moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was laid on the table; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
SHIPPING COMMISSIONERS.
The SPEAKER. Reports are still in order
from the Committee on Commerce.
Mi-. LYNCH, from the Committee on Com-
merce, reported a bill (H. R. No. 3619) to
amend an act entitled "An act to authorize the
appointment of shipping commissioners,'' &c.,
approved June 7, 1872$ which was read a first
and second time. _
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
Mr. AMBLER. I move that the House now
adjourn.  
Mr. LYNCH. We have but a few bills to
report from the Committee on Commerce.
Having this day assigned to us, I hope the
gentleman will allow us to report such bills as
will give rise to no objections.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Vote down the
motion to adjourn.
The question was taken on the motion to
adjourn j and it was not agreed to, on a
division—aves 74, noes 81.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I move that
the rules be suspended, and the House now
resolve itself into Committee of the W hoie
on the diplomatic and consular appropriation
bill. . ,
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from
Maine [Mr. Lyxch] has reported from the
Committee on Commerce a bill the considera-
tion of which it is supposed will not take
much time. VT ,
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. \ery well; 1
will not press suy motion now.
The bill, which was read, provides that sec-
tion twelve of an act to authorize the appoint-
mentof shipping commissioneis, &c., approved
June 17,1872, shall be amended to read as fol-
lows:
Sec. 12. That the master of every ship bound from
a port in the United States to any foreign port, or
of any ship of the burden of seventy-five tons or
upward, bound from a port on the Atlantic to a port
on the Pacific, or vice versa, shall, before he pro-
ceeds on such voyage, make an agreement, in writing
or in print, with every seaman whom he carries to
sea as one of the crew, in the manner hereinafter
mentioned; and every such agreement shall be in
the form, as near as may be, as hereunto in table
"D," in the schedule annexed, and shall be dated
at the time of the first signature thereof, and shall
be signed by the master before any seaman signs the
same, and shall contain the following particulars,
that is to say: first, the nature and, as far as practi-
cable, the duration of the intended voyage or en-
gagement, and the port or country at which the
voyage is to terminate; secondly, the number and
description of the crew, specifying their respective
employments; thirdly, the time at which each sea-
man is to be on board to begin work ; fourthly, the
capacity in which each seaman is to serve; fifthly,
the amount of wages each seaman 13 to receive;
sixthly, a scale of the provisions which are to be
furnished to each seaman; seventhly, any regulations
as to conduct on board, and as to fines, short allow-
ances of provisions, or other lawful punishments for
misconduct as may be sanctioned by Congress as
regulations proper to be adopted, and which the
parties agree to adopt; eighthly, any stipulations
in reference to advance and allotment of wages,
or other matters not contrary to law: Provided,
That whenever the master of any vessel shall engage
his crew, or any part of the same, in any customs
district where no shipping commissioner shall have
been appointed under section one of this act, he may
perform for himself the duties of such commissioner
in like manner as is provided by the proviso of sec-
tion eight of this act: Provided further. That this
section shall not apply to masters of vessels where
the seamen are by custom or agreement entitled to
participate in the profits or result of a cruise or
voyage, nor to masters of coastwise vessels, nor to
masters of vessels engaged in trade between the
United States and British North America or the
West India islands; but seamen may, by agreement,
serve on board such vessels a definite time, or on the
return of any vessel to a port in the United States
may reship and sail in the same vessel on another
voyage without the payment of additional fees to
the shipping commissioner by either the seamen or
the master.
Mr. LYNCH. I desire to say that the only
effect of this bill is to repeal the proviso which
was put on this twelfth section a few days since,
and to incorporate the substance of that
proviso into one of the former provisos of this
act, so that the language which follows will
apply to that class of vessels. It simply takes
out of the operation of thi3 twelfth section
vessels engaged in trade between the United
States and British North America and the
West India islands. It is only to correct an
error. The Committee on Commerce thought
it better to reenact the whole of this twelfth
section and pass it in this shape. I now call
the previous question.
Mr. RANDALL. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman a question. A vessel ships a crew
under the direction of a shipping commissioner
in New York for Cuba. He goes to Portland,
and there the shipping commissioner forces
him to again reship his men and again pay
shipping charges. I want to know whether
there is any remedy for such a case as that
where the designed voyage is to Cuba, a trip
of only a few days, while the. actual voyage
would probably occupy three calendar months.
Mr. LYNCH. I may say to the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Randall] that the
vessels engaged in the West India trade are
excluded from the operation of this section.
Mr. RANDALL. I would like to have the
privilege of inserting in the proceedings a
protest upon this point which I hold in my
hand.
Mr. Ll'NCH. I think the gentleman had
better let this !;i!l pass.
Mr. RANDALL. I have no objection, if
it is an improvement on our existing laws.
Mr. LYNCH. I call the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. POTTER. I hope tne gentleman will
not call the previous question till I have had
au opportunity to say something upon this bill.
Mr. LYNCH. I do not wish to cut off dis-
cussion.
Mr. POTTER. Why then does the gentle-
man insist upon the previous question ?
Mr. LYNCH. For the reason that there
are other bills which the committee desire to
report.
Mr. POTTER. I shall not occupy more
than five minutes.
Mr. LYNCH. I yield five minutes to the
gentleman.
Mr. POTTER. Mr. Speaker, the gentle-
man from Maine has said that this bill is pre-
sented to correct an error in the bill upon this
same subject which was passed the other day;
that it is designed to carry into effect the
amendment which was then adopted. I came
into the House, Mr. Speaker, as that amend-
ment was voted upon. I then said a word or
two in regard to the general features of the
measure to which the bill then pending was
an amendment, but nothing upon the amend-
ment itself; because I did not then know its
purpose. But I have since learned that that
amendment of the law was intended, as is this
bill, to take from the control of the shipping
commissioners and deliver over to the sailor
boarding-house keepers nearly one half of
the sailors of the United States. I am glad
that by some mistake in the former bill it
failed to be operative, and I trust that the
House will now see to it, by rfjecting this
bill, that no such change in the law shall go
into operation in this connection.
I have received a letter on this subject from
the shippingcommissioner at New York, which
I hold in my hand, and which I need not de-
tain the House by reading, iu which he says
the amendment to which I have referred and
which the present bill is intended to make
operative, was passed through both Houses
and signed by the President without any per-
sons interested in this charitable work even
so much as knowing such a change iu the law
was proposed. He adds that the shipping
commissioners' bill was before Congress for
two years before it was adopted; that its
effects have been most beneficent to the sailor
and in the true interest of ship-owners; that
the bill now proposed will except from the
provision of the law half the sailors of the
country, and will deliver them over once more
to the tender mercies of the sailor boarding-
house keepers, in whose interest this change
is proposed. My own information from peo-
ple of the highest standing, whose lives are de-
voted to wise charities in New York, confirms
these statements, and I implore the House
not hastily to undo in such large part the good
work it has so lately begun.
Mr. LYNCH. The letter which has been
referred to by the gentleman comes from the
shipping commissioner of New York, whose
fees will be interfered with by this measure.
Mr. RANDALL. That explains the ani-
mus of the letter.
The previous question was seconded and
the main question ordered ; which was upon
ordering the bill to be engrossed for a third
reading.
Mr. LYNCH. This bill has the unanimous
support of the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. POTTER. Nobody ever heard of it
till it was smuggled in the other day.
The SPEAKER. The previous question
has been ordered; but the vote will be sus-
pended till members of the Committee on
Commerce conclude their discussion upon the
bill.
Mr. LY'NCH. I do not wish to debate the
bill.
Mr. POTTER. No ; but you wish to pass
it without debate.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time, there being—ayes eighty,
noes uot counted ; and being engrossed, the
bill was accordingly read the third time.
The question being taken on the passage
