1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
and committing themselves to the fact that it
is the principle of this bill, so acceptable to
the Senate, that is so objectionable to a minor-
ity of the Senate.
Mr, CONKLING. I should like to inter-
rupt my friend for a moment.
Mr. ALCORN. Certainly.
Mr. CONKLING. I think he is at this
moment testifying to the fact that he has been
absent from the Senate a good deal. Although
I hare not been here constantly, I have heard
several Senators say that if amendments which
they proposed were adopted they would vote
for the bill -cordially. I heard the Senator
from Nebraska [Mr. Tipton] last evening say
that when he was interrogated on the subject.
That is one instance of it.
Mr. ALCORN. If I understood the Sen-
ator from Nebraska last evening, he rose in
his place and incorporated in his speech a
memorial from some colored citizens com-
plaining that they had not been properly dealt
with by the Republican party, and I under-
stood him, when interrogated by the honor-
able Senator from Texas as to whether he
would support the bill if the amendment was
adopted, to remark naively, "Yes, if this
memorial is incorporated in the bill to-night
by the Senate, I shall feel constrained to vote
for the bill." I understood him in that way.
Mr. TIPTON. If the principle of the
memorial was adopted, I would vote for the
bill.
Mr. ALCORN. That was a memorial, you
understand ; so the Senator committed him-
self to the bill upon the condition that the
principle of a memorial to Congress should be
incorporated in the bill.
Mr. CONKLING. That would all be very
well for my friend but for the little immaterial
fact that an amendment was pending at the
moment which did embody the principle of the
memorial, and upon which we were about to
vote, and did vote, and it was lost,
Mr. ALCORN. The Senator from Nebraska
failed to state that the amendment was one
that embodied the principles of the memorial.
Mr. WIN DOM. If the Senator will allow
me, I will say that he has made another con-
vert, and if he and his friends will put on
the amendment offered by the Senator from
Indiana, I will vote for the bill,
Mr. ALCORN. What amendment?
Mr. WINDOM. The amendment of the
Senator from Indiana securing equal rights to
ail without respect to color.
Mr. ALCORN. The Senator has come over
to-day on that subject, and I trust that by five
o'clock to-day he will be willing to vote for
the bill as it is.
Mr. WINDOM. The Senator converted
me just now.
Mr. ALCORN. I congratulate the Senator
on the progress he is making in the advocacy
of the bill; and so I will leave the subieet to
the Senate. ,
Mr. TIPTON. Mr. President, I feel a del
icacy in approaching a question on which we
all seem to know so little, for when this meas-
ure first came into the Senate it was averred
here that it had been thoroughly discussed
in both branches of Congress; but, almost
until the hour of twelve last evening, at every
advance in the examination of this short bill
new defects were found so glaring, so palpa-
ble, so absolute that the friends of the measure
■were compelled to say to the Senate what the
Senator from Mississippi has just repeated:
" If you pass it as it is, you can amend it here-
efter." Sir, did they swear in that, manner
•when they took the oath of office here, to pass
bilks with unconstitutional provisions, with
crudities, with impossibilities, leaving for them-
telves or those who shall come here kt-teaiier,
I trust with more consciences, to occupy their
places, u, make the proper amendments, and
to perfect thai which >-.e have left in this crude
and v.-rt ;e''edly d<-1' ctive condit.on? That is
the manner in whieti they propose to discharge
their duties in regard to the legislation of Con-
gress.
Now, in regard to this bill, I believe first,
that there is something infamous connected
with the manner in which it came here, and I
will tell you why. If Senators thought that
this bill had been fairly'and legitimately and
heartily passed by the House of Representa-
tives, they would not think that they were
risking anything in sending it back to the
House of Representatives.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. May I ask
the Senator a question?
Mr. TIPTON. Not at the present time.
The very fact that you are not willing that it
shall go back to the Honse of Representatives
shows that you have no faith at all in what
will be the action of the House on this bill,
which is so important that it must be consid-
ered here in advance of eve-y other question.
You have no faith that it ha my fast friends
in the House of Represent.' r
I have not seen the record, I believe it
will be developed that when the Senate bill
was stricken out. and a report of the commit-
tee of the House was made that reportwas
hurried through under the previous question;
that the House of Representatives was gagged
upon the subject, for if they had common
sense enough to conduct their business they
would not send such a proposition as this to
the Senate of the United States, No invest-
igation could have taken place there on this
subject, or if it did, I trust in God there never
will be any more such investigations there.
Mr. WISDOM. If the Senator will allow
me to ask him a question, does he speak from
a careful examination when he says there was
a report on this proposition in the other House?
Mr. TIPTON. I have made no examination.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I rise to a question of
order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. (Mr. Ax-
thony in the chair.) The Senator from Ver-
mont rises to a question of order. He will
State the point of order.
Mr. EDMUNDS. My point of order is that
it, is contrary to parliamentary law, and to the
rules of the Senate to discuss what the Honse
of Representatives has done.
Mr. TIPTON. I know nothing about what
they have done.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then I hope the Chair
will enforce the role.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is pot in
order to refer to what has been done in the
other House.
Mr. TIPTON. I refer not to what they have
done, but I refer to what I wish I knew they
had done. [Laughter.] I wish I knew they had
put through this legislation in a way that I
and the Senate could approve, and that they
had carefully considered it. I wish I knew
that when presented there it met the fullest
and fairest investigation and that it was adopted
without the gag and pressure of a previous
question. If I had an opportunity of saying
that 1 knew that, I would proclaim it to the
Senate and be gratified to communicate the
intelligence. I am ignorant and have no light
upon the subject.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Cuair
thinks the tone of remark of the Scnator from
Nebraska is not in older. R-ference to sue
proceedings of the House of Representatives
is not permitted by the rules.
Mr TIPTON. Waiving the remark, may
the Senator l'ruru Nebraska rood wh.it he thinks
will be a parallel case iiorj the action ot the
House of Representatives, on the Sth of June
List, before the adjournment of that session
Congress? Is the Globe a public record?
of
Is it for our advantage, and may 1 reler to
what did occur tliers on a bill, and I suspect
that perhaps the samt thing occurred on this?
Can I do that?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. In the ap-
prehension of the. Chair, it would not be in
order.
Mr. TIPTON. Then let the Globe neitfet
be published again or gent to the jieople, if it
is not a public record after the session has ex-
pired and cannot be used In the Senate of the
united States. I have always understood that
I could go back to that Globe at any other time
than when a question was pending in the House
of Representatives or Senate which was to be
affected by legislation, and could bring it
here as proof in the case and t,he_ uncontra-
dicted authority of the nation politically. If
I cannot, then have we fallen certainly on very
evil times.
Mr. CARPENTER. I wish to understand
whether the Chair rules that a member of this
body cannot appeal to the proceedings of the
House of Representatives in a former Con 
gress on any question as they appear ia the
Globe?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
did not so rule.
Mr. CARPENTER. Cannot he refer to
the debates of the House of Representatives
on the right of the President to remove from
office in the First Congress, or on the French
spoliations? ..
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
understood the Senator from Nebraska to
refer to proceedings in the House of Repre-
s6ntatives.
Mr. TIPTON. I said I could not refer to
them, but I desired to refer to proceedings at
a previous session.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Ct&ii:
thinks that would be in order.
Mr. TIPTON. Then I know that a docu-
ment in the Globe of I think the_ Sth bt June
last gives us the manner in which a bill was
gotten through the House of Representatives.
It is there asserted that that bill never could
have been taken from the tableland a report
could not have been made upon it but for the
fact that the majority pledged themselves that
if the minority would assist them to a two-
thirds vote the bill should be taken from the
table, referred to a committee of conference,
and the obnoxious part stricken out; and aft.gr
it went into the hands of a conference com-
mittee it came back to the House, and in vio-
lation of that solemn pledge and obligation
was put through under the previous question.
At that time a member from the city of Philadel-
phia, Wiixiam D. Kelley. stood up and said,
"I charge upon the majority of my friends in
this House that by doing this they have gained
a point by false pretenses, and when I was a
judge I sentenced men to prison and subjected
them to penalties fordoing just that thing which
has now been done." He therefore placed the
brand of infamy in a mild form upon the brows
of the majority for violating confidence in re-
gard to that bill, and it troubled me very much
for fear that perhaps the same thing had hap-
pened in this case, but I have not looked mto
the record. [Laughter,] ,
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
is reluctant to interrupt the Senator from Ne-
braska, but while it is certainly in order to
refer to the proceedings of the House of Rep-
resentatives, it is not in order to speak disre-
spectfully of the House of Representatives.
Mr. TIPTON. I have strong temptations,
but shall suppress them. [Laughter.J
Mr. President, my first point of opposition
to this bill is that it comes here under these
peculiar circumstances. My second point is
' that it comes here in a very crude state. The
honorable Senator from Ohio and other Sena-
tors have pointed out those parts ot it which
prove that it comes here in a very crude con-
dition. I need not refer to the fact that it
will be impossible for the Secretary of the
Treasury on the 1st day of July to tell what hate
been the proceeds of the sales of the public
lands in the preceding year. He must wait
for the returns of the land officers, and cannot
make that report, until about the 1st of Sep-
tember succeeding—not before. That point
has beea well taken; aad if this matter had
