1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
795
IN SENATE.
Thursday, January 23, 1873.
Prayer by Rev. E. D. Owen, of Washing-
ton, District of Columbia.
The Journal of yesterday's proceedings was
read and approved.
COMMITTEE SERVICE.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair ap-
points, under the direction of the Senate, to
fill the vacancy on the Committee on the Pa-
cific Railroad, occasioned by the declination
of the Senatorfrom Louisiana, (Mr. Kellogg,)
the Senator from Louisiana, [Mr. West.] He
also appoints to fill the vacancy on the Com-
mittee on Commerce, occasioned by the de-
clination of further service by Mr. Kellogg,
of Louisiana, the Senator from Mississippi,
[Mr. Ames.]
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The following bills from the House of Rep-
resentatives were severally read twice by their
titles, and referred as indicated below :
A bill (H. R. No. 3326) for the relief of
settlers on the late Sioux Indian reservation
in the State of Minnesota—to the Committee
on Indian Affairs.
A bill (H. R. No. 3617) making an appro-
priation to defray the expenses of the Ameri-
can and British claims commission—to the
Committee on Appropriations.
The bill (H. R. No. 3534) authorizing the
First National Bank of Watkins, New York,
to change its location and name was read
twice by its title.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. CONKLING. I should have asked,
as I was requested to do, to put this bill on
its passage at once, but I hardly felt at liberty
to do so. because, although I understand there
is no controversy about, it is an appropriate
question to be looked at by the committee. I
venture, however, to ask the chairman of the
committee to consider it as soon as may be,
as I understand it is a thing to which there
can be no objection.
Mr. EDMUNDS. What is the bill?
Mr. CONKLING. It is changing the loca-
tion of a bank in a certain county in our State
from one place to another, not in the same
county, but in the immediate vicinity across
the line.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
referred to the Committee on Fiuance.
The bill (H. R. No. 3470) to amend an act
entitled, "An act granting the right of way to
the Walla-Walla and Columbia River Railroad
Company, and for other purposes,'1 approved
March 3, 1869, was read twice by its title.
Mr. CORBETT. I ask that that bill be put
on its passage, as a bill just Hke it has been
agreed upon by the Committee on Public
Lands. It simply gives this company the right
to use timber and stone from the public lands
for the construction of the road. There was
no grant of that kind in the original bill. This
bill gives no land grant", nor did the original
bill give any land grant except the right of
way.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I think a bill of that
character had better be referred to the appro-
priate committee.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. CORBETT. Has the Senator from
Vermont any objection to letting it lie on the
table for examination ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I have not the least ob-
jection to that; but whenever it comes up I
shall insist on its being referred to the com-
mittee for examination, it being a grant. I do
not care how long it lies on the tabic.
Mr. CORBKTT. Very well; let u be re-
Tht'vfCE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
referred to the Committee ou Public Lands.
PETITION'S AND MEMORIALS. j
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN presented the j
petition of Esther M. Shubrick, widow of the j
late E. R. Shubrick, captain in the United j
States Navy, praying that her present pension
of thirty dollars per month be restored to its
original amount, fifty dollars, in consequence |
of her being an invalid and having two grand- !
children to support, and with no other means !
of deriving a livelihood ; which was referred !
to the Commitee on Pensions.
Mr. EDMUNDS presented the petition of
J. R. Forrest and others, citizens of the State
of Vermont, praying for the prohibition of
the manufacture, importation, and sale of all i
intoxicating liquors to be used as a beverage in
the Territories of the United States and in the
District of Columbia; which was ordered to
lie on the table.
Mr. CONKLING. I present five petitions
asking for the repeal of the" bankrupt law.
These petitions are signed by four or five thou-
sand of the leading business men, bankers,
lawyers, lumbermen, and so on, of the State
of New York. They setforth the reason for
asking for the repeal of the bankrupt law,
with which I will not detain the Senate further
than to say that they insist that both the vol-
untary and compulsory provisions of the law
have proved vexatious and hurtful, leading to
contrariety and confusion of decision and in-
terpretation, and entangling and injuring the
business and activities of the country. As
the Committee on the J ndieiary have reported
a bill repealing the bankrupt law, and as a
bill has come here from the House of Repre-
sentatives with the same object, I move that
these petitions lie ou the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. JOHNSTON presented the memorial
of the board of visitors of the Virginia Agri-
cultural and Mechanical College, praying a
donation of five hundred thousand acres of
land to the State of Virginia for the use of that
college and the Hampton Normal and Agri-
cultural Institute for educational purposes;
which was referred to the Committee on Edu-
cation and Labor.
Mr. SCOTT presented the petition of Sam-
uel B. Lauffer, late captain and assistant
quartermaster of the United States Army,
praying for a special act of Congress granting
him a pension; which was referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut, presented the
petition of the Union Metallic Cartridge Com-
pany, of Bridgeport, Connecticut, praying re-
muneration as a royalty for the use by the
Government of their patent machine for mak-
ing cartridges ; which was referred to the
Committee on Claims.
Mr. FEN-TON presented the petition of
Samuel C. Boehm, Nathan Boehm, and Isaac
Boehm, of the city of New York, praying to
be refunded duplicate taxes paid by them ;
which was referred to the Committee on
Finance. . .
Mr. HITCHCOCK presented a petition
of members and headmen of the Otoe and
Missouri tribe of Indians of the State of Ne-
braska, praying Congress to pass a law for the
purchase of their present possessions in Ne-
braska and Kansas at a just and fair valuation,
and also making provisions for their removal
and settlement in the Indian territory; which
was referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs. _ . .
He also presented a petition of citizens ot
Gage county, Nebraska, praying the passage
of a law for the removal of the Otoe and Mis-
souri tribes of Indians from the States of Ne-
braska and Kansas to the Indian territory,
and also for the purchase of their land by the
Government: which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. HARLAN presented a petition of citi-
' zona of Washington county, Iowa, praying the
' passage of House bill No. 8W, granting a
pension to Joseph Montgomery; which was
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. CHANDLER presented a petition of
citizens of Buffalo, New York, praying for an
appropriation of a sum of money sufficient to
open up and improve the west branch or chan-
nel of Detroit river and the head of Lake Erie,
in-the vicinity of the village of Gibraltar, in
the State of Michigan ; which was referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
Michigan, late soldiers of the Army, praying
the passage of the bounty land bill; which was
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. NORWOOD presented the petition of
La Fayette McLaws, of Atlanta, Georgia, pray-
ing the removal of his political disabilities;
which was referred to the select Committee on
the Removal of Political Disabilities.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland, presented a
petition of citizens of Maryland, praying that a
grant of money be made to the American
Printing-House for the Blind, and the Amer-
ican University for the Blind, located in the
District of Columbia ; which was referred to
the Committee on the District of Columbia.
Mr. BOREMAN presented the petition of
Louisa Fitch, widow of Captain E. P. Fitch,
deceased, praying compensation for two horses
appropriated to the use of the United Slates
during the late rebellion, on the death of Cap-
tain Fitch, which occurred white on duty in
the field as quartermaster in the United States
Army; which was referred to the Committee
on Claims.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN.
On motion of Mr. WRIGHT, it was
Ordered, That Leonard J. Rose have leave to
withdraw from the files of the Senate the papers
and evidence huictofore submitted in support oi his
claim for injury by the Indians.
BILLS RECOMMITTED.
Mr. PRATT. I move that the vote by which
the bill (H. R. No. 23&9) granting a pension
to Ada H. McDonald was indefinitely post-
poned be reconsidered, with a view of having
the adverse report rereferred to the Committee
on Pensions.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection, the vote on the indefinite postpone-
ment of the bill will be regarded as recon-
sidered. and the bill recommitted to the Com-
mittee on Pensions.  
Mr. CORBETT. I move that the bill (S.
No. 914) to promote the ship-bailding and
commercial interests of the United States, be
recommitted to the Committee on Commerce,
with a view of making some amendments.
The motion was agreed to.
amendments to appropriation bill.
Mr. PRATT, Mr. ROBERTSON, and Mr.
WRIGHT submitted amendments intended to
be proposed by them to the biil (H. R. No.
2991) making appropriations for the legisla-
tive, executive, and judicial expenses of the
Government for the year ending June 30, 1874,
and for other purposes; which were referred to
the Committee on Appropriations, and ordered
to be printed.
printing of an amendment.
Mr. CASSERLY. I submit an amendment
to be offered to the bill (S. No. 1179) to make
San Diego, in the State of California, a port
of entry, and move that it be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
reports of committees.
Mr. SHERMAN, from the Committee on
Finance, to whom was referred t.he bill (S.
No. 1207) to replace national bank notes with
United States notes, reported adversely there-
on. and moved its indefinite postponement.
Mr. COLE. I should like to have that bill
go on the Calendar.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will
be placed on the Calendar, with the adverse
report.
