1873,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
797
ators who desire to be heard on this bill, and
I think it ought to be considered in full Sen-
ate. I expect to be heard on this subject
myself.
Mr. NYE. If we set apart an evening for
it, there will be a full public for it and a full
Senate also.
Mr. CHANDLER. Senators cannot be got
here for an evening session.
Mr. NYE. Most of them can, except the
Senator from Michigan. ,
Mr. CHANDLER. I am always here; but
I notice the Senate is seldom full at an even-
ing session. I hope Friday evening will not
be set apart for the consideration of the bill.
Mr. ANTHONY. I have no sort of objec-
tion to setting apart an evening for the Sen-
ator to make his remarks, but I should very
much object to having a measure of this kind
considered at an evening session, and the
more so as a bill is now pending before the
Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads
which should be taken up in connection with
this, and we should have the report of the
committee on that bill before we take up
this.
Mr. CONKLING. What is that bill?
Mr. ANTHONY. This is a bill, as I under-
stand, to give a subsidy to a particular line to
Australia.
Mr. CONKLING. But the other bill to
which you refer?
Mr. ANTHONY. The other bill opens it
to competition, and gives it to the lowest bid-
der, whoever he may be, fixing a maximum
price.
Mr. NYE. I do not propose to be fright-
ened from my purpose by the fact that there
are other things hanging around. This bill
was on our table, with a full report from the
Post Office Committee, for a long time before
the last session closed. Now, 1 want to call
up this bill, and if the Senate will gratify me
by giving me an evening session for it, I shall
not antagonize it against anything else. I
think the importance of this case demands
that Congress should speak upon it, after hav-
ing had it under deliberation so long, and I
rose for the purpose of asking the Senate if
they would set aside an evening. Now, my
friend from Michigan is afraid Senators will
not be here. We have not worked down to
that extent yet that we cannot find the Senate
ready in an evening to attend to this business.
Its importance demands it, and its age enti-
tles it to respect, and it is entitled to be con-
sidered.
Mr. President, we shall not have a vote on
this bill unless there is a quorum here. The
invitation is to my friend from Michigan to
bring in his friends, because we expect a vote
on it when we can get it, and whenever I can
I shall urge a vote. We have a very able re-
port made from the committee by the honor-
able Senator from California. Sir, if I was
going to survive this session of the Senate I
would not ask this favor, but as I am to die
with this session, and perhaps before, [laugh-
ter,] I should like to get a vote on this bill. I
hope the Senator from Vermont will find it
m the kindness of his heart to refrain from
objecting.
Mr. EDMUNDS. My heart always agrees
with my honorable friend as far as he is per-
sonally concerned, but the favor he is asking
is not a favor to the honorable Senator from
Nevada. It is a favor to a set of men who
wish to get some money out of the Treasury.
I am quite ready to grant him any favor pos-
sible, but. I am not ready to grant anybody
money out of the Treasury until there is a
pretty good reason given for it. If the Senator
wishes to have this bill taken up to make
remarks upon it. he knows perfectly well that
he can get unanimous consent to have that,
done ; but he proposes to take it up for action
at an evening session, at which nothing else is
to be considered, when we know by expe-
rience everything that such a session brings—
only a very thin Senate, and usually only or
chiefly those whose minds are already made
up, generally in favor of the measure. I am
not justifying people for staying away by any
means. I am only talking about the facts of
human nature and human experience. This
is not the bill to act upon in that way, and it
is not the thing to do to dispose of a matter
of this kind at an evening session set apart for
it. If this is a measure of importance, which
we cannot discuss now, let the honorable Sen-
ator move it the moment we get through the
legislative appropriation bill, and then it will
take its chance with other important measures
of being considered in the regular course. If
it is important, of course it will receive con-
sideration.
Mr. NYE. I want to accommodate this
mat'er. I propose that there be consent that
the bill be taken up immediately after the
appropriation bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I shall certainly make
no objection to that, for I have no business in
charge that is ready for action.
Mr. NYE, Let it be understood that it
shall be taken up immediately after action
upon the appropriation bill.
ThePRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Harlan
in the chair.) Does the Senator withdraw his
motion?
Mr. NYE. Not yet.
Mr. CHANDLER. I will vote to have the
Senator from Nevada heard at any moment, in
the morning hour or at any hour. He shall
be heard to the fullest extent, and have my
vote at any time for that. But his idea is that
this is a bill that is to come up on its merits
when the appropriation bill is through, and be
considered and carried to a vote. I say it
must take its chances, as my friend from Ver-
mont has suggested, with any other measure
before the body; and I will not agree to give
unanimous consent that it shall be the order
of business after the appropriation bill is con-
cluded, but I will vote to give my friend from
Nevada time to be heard on that subject at any
moment.
Mr. NYE. Well. I am very sorry that the
honorable Senator from Michigan will not
consent to what has been proposed.
Mr. CONKLING. Will my friend allow
me a moment ?
Mr. NYE. Yes, sir.
Mr. CONKLING. I concur in what has
been said by the Senator from Vermont and
the Senator from Rhode Island, and yet I
venture to add my appeal to that of the Sen-
ator from Nevada, not onlyfor the sake of the
Senator, but for the sake of the bill, and I feel
the freer to do this as I am not a friend of the
bill. I have followed my friend from Mich-
igan in voting against it heretofore. I know,
however, or I think I know and ought to be
convinced, that the final action of the Senate,
whatever it may be on this subject, should not
be postponed, bat should be hastened. Of
course, out of courtesy to the Senator from
Nevada, I would vote as all Senators would to
give him an opportunity to be heard at any
time; but I would also vote so as to give an
early opportunity to consider the bill itself.
If it is to fail, we ought to say that, not merely
for the sake of the individuals who are con-
cerned in it, but for the sake of larger matters
in which it is involved, as my friend from
Michigan knows better than I do.
Therefore it seems to me that while an even-
ing session is objectionable for action, nobody
ought to object under the circumstances to the
Senator from Nevada having not only an j
opportunity to be heard, but having an oppor-
tunity before he leaves the Senate to give his
vote upon this bill in which he has token so
much interest, and have final action upon it.
I anticipate that my friend from Michigan,
who is ruing, is going to say that may be done
without any special agreement at this time.
So it may ; but yet I remind the Senator that
there remains not much more than thirty work-
ing days of this session; the appropriation bills
are behind, and several other bills which will
be considered ; and I anticipate that the Sen-
ator from Nevada will have more and more
trouble every day he delays in getting one day
for the consideration of this bill. Therefore,
although I have not been a friend of the bill,
arid although I am not convinced now that I
ought to vote for it or that the Senator from
Nevada ought to vote for it, 1 am convinced
that action should be taken upon it so that
all those concerned in this line or any rival
schemes, or any other schemes, may under-
stand so far as this body is concerned what
the policy of the Senate is to be, whether they
will give a subsidy to maintain this line or
not, so that I will favor, as one member of
the Senate, and give my vote for any propo-
sition the Senator from Nevada may make
looking to an opportunity in the daytime,
which I agree is the better time, to consider
the bill.
Mr. HAMLIN. Mr. President, I do not
know that I would vote to assign a time to
listen to my friend from Nevada upon this bill,
if that is all he asks. I want something more
substantial; and I do concur with my friend in
any appropriate way in bringing the measure
before the Senate for its consideration, and
when we shall get it here I think the friends
of the bill will be able to satisfy the Senator
from Vermont that it is a bill to put money
into the Treasury, not to take it out. Ho mis-
takes the condition of things. I think we shall
establish that conclusively.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Do not argue the merits.
Mr. HAMLIN. I am not going to do so.
I think we shall establish conclusively that
the Senator is mistaken; but that will be
matter for discussion then.
1 wanted to say another thing. I believe
we did pass a bill at the last session which
secured mail service with India. This, too, is
upon the Pacific. We have lost about all our
carrying trade upon the Atlantic. If we can
have any advantages that we may yet secure to
our commerce upon the Pacific, though it is
far from me, I shall be among the first and
foremost to do that work. This, if it shall be
successful, will be the second line designed to
develop the commerce of the Pacific. But
what I want to say is th at the President has,
I think, wisely invited the attention of the
Senate to the condition of our commerce, and
has made suggestions which in a commercial
sense I believe most eminently proper. We
should do something. We are brought in
competition with other nations that subsidize
their commerce, and we should do something
to bring up our commerce from its languishing
condition.
And in that connection I want to say that
there are other measures before the Senate,
also on the Atlantic coast, connected directly
with the immediate constituents of my friend
who sits beside me, [Mr. Coxkling,] to aid the
commerce between New York and Brazil and
between New York and Vera Cruz. Now, do
gentlemen reflect what is the vast amount of
the commerce of those little republics which
nestle here on this continent below us, and
nine tenths of which is taken from us and car-
ried across the ocean by subsidized vessels to
European ports?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I think the Senator is
debating the merits.
Mr. HAMLIN. I am only stating them; I
am not going to debate them. We ought to
consider whether by adopting the wise policy
of the President we may not bring into our
own ports this Commerce and swell the means
of our Treasury, instead of diminishing them.
I want, therefore, not only the measure which
my friend from Nevada suggests, but I want
also the other kindred measures to be consid-
ered by this body, and that we may have the
sense of this body not only upon that, bat upon
the other measures. If there be not a majority
here who believe this policy wise, be it so; bat,
