188
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 28,
in justice to the magnitude of the case, I hold
that we as Senators are bound to consider the
bills and to give them a consideration at a
time which shall not be so procrastinated as to
defeat them by delay.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President, I do notquite
know whether I should be in favor of the pass-
age of this bill or not; but there are two rea-
sons which lead me to think the Senate ought
to consider the bill and consider it at a very
early day. One of those reasons is that it is
asked somewhat on the ground of personal
favor or persoual right by a Senator who, we
are sorry to know, is not to remain with us
after this session, and I am sure there is a dis-
position on the part of every Senator to accord
to any application he could make anything
which justice and the public service would
warrant.
Another reason is, that we are asked to con-
sider this on behalf of a company of American
citizens with whom I have very little personal
acquaintance, but who, I understand, have in-
vested a very large sum of money themselves
in establishing your flag on the South Pacific
seas. They tbiuk they have by the expendi-
ture of their own means enabled themselves to
demonstrate the necessity to the public of sub-
sidizing a line of steamers on those seas, and
I think we owe it to such citizens to fairly listen
to their case, hear what there is in it, and
decide.upon it. Therefore, when we are not
borne down by the weight of appropriation
bills, I shall be very ready to second the motion
of my friend from Nevada to proceed to the
coogideratiou of tliis bill.
Mr. STEWART. 1 hope a day will be fixed
for the consideration of the bill moved by my
colleague. If therecan be unanimous consent
that it shall be in order immediately after the
legislative appropriation bill, that will answer
every purpose, and I hope the Senate will by
unanimous consent allow the bill to come up
after the legislative bill. I make that sug-
gestion, and ask unanimous consent.
Mr. NYE. That is my motion now.
Mr. STEWART. I hope nobody will object
to that.
Mr. CHANDLER. Mr. President, there
are various schemes before this body for sub-
sidies. Now, I am in favor of reasonable
subsidies where there is a reasonable prospect
of remuneration to the Treasury of the United
Statep. One of the Senators alluded to the
South American republics and to Mexico. 1
think there is ft traffic there which offers a
reasonable prospect of remuneration to the
Treasury for reasonable appropriations for
subsidies for steamship lines.
In England they have a board which takes
the statistics of commerce and ascertains what
the country that it is proposed to subsidize a
line to produces, what can be profitably
brought into England from that country, what
that country will take of British products
probably; and they decide with almost judicial
accuracy what a scheme will pay before they
grant a subsidy. What I want is thatelass of
statistics laid before this body before we vote
millions out of the Treasury. VVe have a right
to it.
Mr. NYE. That is what I have tried to do.
Mr. CHANDLER. That is what the Sen-
ator has tried to do every year for I think the
last four or five years.
Mr. NYE. You ought to join me in it.
Mr. CHANDLER. I doubt very much
whether I shall trouble the Senate about it
again. The Committee on Commerce ap-
pointed a sub-committee to investigate this
very subject of the amount of traffic that might
possibly result from a subsidized line to Aus
tralia, aud of that sub-committee my friend'
from Connecticut [Mr. Buckingham] was
chairman. After a very careful and thorough
examination of all the statistics in the case,
that committee could not recommend this
subsidy, and did not recommend it..
Now, I desire a free discussion, and am
ready to enter into it. I have a great many
statistics upon my desk on this very subject,
aud I expect more within the next forty-eight
hours, and I would like a few days to perfect
the statistics that I have before me 
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. An-
thony in the chair.) The morning hour
having expired, it becomes the duty of the
Chair to call up the special order, which is
the unfinished business of yesterday, the legis-
lative, executive, and judicial appropriation
bill. , ,
Mr. NYE. I hope that will be suspended
a moment until we can get a vote on this.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Nevada asks that the pending order
be. laid aside informally for the purpose of
continuing this discussioH.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I have no ob-
jection if this leads to no delay.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The Senator from Nevada
cannot fix a special order for his business
without a two-thirds vote, whereas he has now
given notice that the moment the appropria-
tion bill is acted on he will move to take it up,
which a majority can do; and under the cir-
cumstances no doubt the Chair will recognize
him the moment this appropriation bill is dis-
posed of.
Mr. NYE. Very well.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. It seems to me
that with that understanding it is as well as
can be done.
message prom the hodse.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPheiison, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the following bills;
in which it requested the concurrence of the
Senate:
A bill (H. R. No 3399) to provide for ob-
taining information of the condition of banks
organized under State laws ; and
A bill (H. R. No. 3619) to amend an act
entitled "An act to authorize the appoint-
ment of shipping commissioners," &c., ap-
proved June 7, 1872.
The message also announced that the House
had agreed to the amendment of the Senate
to the bill (H. R. No. 2764) making an ap-
propriation for the erection of a marine hos-
pital at San Francisco.
expenses of election investigations.
Mr. MORTON. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the Senate to report a little bill from
the Committee on Privileges and Elections,
and I should like to have it put on its passage
now, if there is no objection. It is a matter
of some pressing importance.
There being no objection, the bill (S. No.
1441) making an appropriation to defray the
expenses of the investigations in regard to
elections in Kansas, Louisiana, and Arkansas,
was read twice, and considered as in Commit-
tee of the Whole. It appropriates the sum of
$30,000 to defray the expenses of the investi-
gations ordered by the Senate in regard to the
elections in Kansas, Louisiana, and Arkansas.
Mr. MORTON. I will simply state that
the contingent fund of the Senate is about
exhausted, and it is important to have this
appropriation.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to bo engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
legislative, etc , appropriation bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. _ The bill
(H. R. No. 2991) making appropriations for the
legislative, executive, and judicial expenses of
the Government for the year ending June 30,
1874, and for other purposes, is before the
Senate as in Committee of the Whole, aud will
be read at length. If agreeable to the Senate,
the amendments of the Committee on Appro-
priations will be acted on as they are reached
in the reading of the bill.
The Chief Clerk proceeded to read the bill.
The first amendment of the Committee on
Appropriations was in line twelve, to strike
out the word "and" and insert "$3,600;"
so as to make the appropriation for the com-
pensation of the principal clerk of the Senate
$3,600.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in lines twenty-
two and twenty-three, to strike out " $2,592"
as the salary of the principal executive clerk,
minute and Journal clerk, and financial clerk,
in the office of the Secretary of the Senate,
and insert " $3,000."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line twenty-
three, to strike out "six" and insert" seven,"
as the number of clerks in the office of the
Secretary of the Senate ; and in line twenty-
five, to strike out " $2,220," _as the salary of
these clerks, and insert "$2,500" each.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line twenty-
six. to increase the appropriation for the salary
of the keeper of the stationery of the Senate
from "$2,100" to " $2,400."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line twenty-
seven, after the word "dollars," to insert
"assistant keeper of the stationery, $,1800."
Mr. EDMUNDS. While we are on this sub-
ject, I wish the Senator from Maine, who has
charge of this bill would tell us in a general
way whetherthe House of Representatives has
added to its official force and increased their
salaries, &c., and whether the provision of
all these amendments is action of the same
character for the Senate. I am unable from
the bill itself of course, coming as it does from
the House, to know whether or not the House
of Representatives has commenced the pleas-
ant expedient of increasing its forceagain aud
increasing their pay, and I wish the Senator
from Maine would tell us, so that we may know
precisely what we are doing.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. It will be no-
ticed by a reference to the provision of the
bill for the officers and clerical force of the
House of Representatives that they are pretty
largely increased.
Mr. EDMUNDS Are the officers increased,
the number of persons employed V
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. No, sir; but
the salaries are increased; and therefore the
officers of the Senate seemed to think that an
injustice had been done them or an inequality
might be established if some action was not
taken on the part of the Senate in their behalf,
and with the idea of equalizing the officers in
both branches, provided it should be the sense
of Congress to increase them, this action of
the committee was taken.
Mr. EDMUNDS. May I ask whether this
equality could not have been produced by cut-
ting out from the House proposition the excess,
or could it only be produced by increasing it
from the small side of the ledger?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. If Congress
should sustain the amendments of the House,
and no amendments on the part of the Senate
were made, an inequality would exist as a
matter of course.
Mr. CONICLING, (to Mr. Morrill, of
Maine.) I should not feel bound to answer
such a conundrum as that.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. No, but I do
answer it, as 1 suppose it is made in perfect
'good nature.
Mr. EDMUNDS. In all seriousness I
•wanted to know whether, when the House
proposes to increase the pay of its officers,
there was any other way of producing equality
between the officers of the two Houses than
by increasing the pay of our officers ; whether
it could not be reached by refusing to increase
the salaries of the officers of the House?
Mr. MORRILL, of M nine. Assuming that
they were equal before, it might be reached in
that way.
The amendment was agreed to.
