1760
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 25,
all. It was the conclusion of the committee,
however, that it was not necessary to provide
new uniforms in the place of some that are on
hand and that those on hand might as well be
used up, and so save a milllion or two, or
more, perhaps; I do notknow how much. We
considered the matter very carefully. I would
remark here that the Senator having charge
of this bill, as a member of the Committee
on Appropriations, the Senator from Louis-
iana, [Mr. West,] is quite ill this afternoon
and unable to give personal attention to
it himself, and 1 have not had a moment's
time to prepare information upon any partic-
ular point. This I remember as having been
considered when I was present in committee,
and therefore I make the explanation.
Mr. LOGAN This amendment reads that
"no part of this appropriation shall be ex-
pended for any Army uniform of different pat-
tern from that prescribed by regulations of the
Army during the war of the rebellion until the
supply on hand shall be exhausted;" and it
struck me that the committee had come to the
conclusion, perhaps, that the new uniform
was prescribed in violation of the regulations.
By an examination of the law, dating back to
the earliest foundation of this Government, it
will be seen that as soon as we had an Army
a law was passed authorizing the President to
prescribe the uniform for the Army and Navy.
That law has again been reenacted on two
occasions; and it stands to-day as the law;
so that it is in the power of the President at
any time to prescribe the uniform of the Army
of the United States. This new uniform has
been prescribed ; it has been prescribed ac-
cording to law. Inasmuch as it has been pre-
scribed according to law, we must, it seems
to me, make our appropriations conform to
that uniform which is the legal uniform of the
Army.
The Committee on Appropriations seem dis-
posed to disagree in reference to this matter
with the authorises who understand it per-
fectly ; but we find an objection to this proviso
and to the proposed change in this appropria-
tion. I will give it as it is stated by the Sec-
retary of War:
"A large part of the Army is already supplied with
the new uniform. The old uniform is condemned
by almost the whole Army for its inferiority and its
uninilitary appearance.
*' The stock on hand is in great part composed of
such sizes as are too large or too small for general
issue, and when issued the articles have to be
remodeled by the company tailor before they can be
worn.
"No good reason is known why in the manufac-
ture of clothing, the material on hand should not be
used to make up the new uniform, but it is not
advisable to use this material to manufacture the
old patterns."
There is one of the material objections to
providing that the materials shall not be used
until the old uniform is exhausted, when in
fact they have on hand the material for making
the new uniform; and if you do not allow
them to make enough of the new uniform you
require them to make use ot the old, which
has been condemned and which the President
has discarded under the law and by pre-
scribing a new uniform.
"The amount of clothing on hand which becomes
obsolete by the change to the new uniform is, at
present issue prices, 83,071,987 05. 01 this there is
$1,158,534 40 worth of uniform jackets"—
which are not used in the Army at this time.
They are merely sold to persons that have a
fancy for that kind of clothing, as you find
many through the country now wearing that
sort of uniform. It is not used for the Army.
That amount is on hand, and according to this
amendment you would require that to be
issued, though it cannot be used by the Secre-
tary of War or the quartermaster's depart-
ment, because the President has provided that
it shall not be, under the law. Again :
" These are only used in very small quantities at
present. There are 201,740 of them on hand. No more
than ten thousand are issued per year. It would
therefore take twenty-six years to get rid of theni.
I>eduot from the total amount of clothing, $3,071.-
937,50, the value of jackets on hand $1,163,634 48,
and the value of other articles is $1,918,452 65. The
care and preservation of this stock will in ten years
cost the Government more than the original value
of the stock."
There is the condition precisely of that
which is on hand. You would require us to
retain the old uniform until it is all issued ; and
according to this statement it would take
twenty-six years to issue it, and the care of
it for ten years would cost more than the
original cost of the uniform. I presume the
committee did not intend any such thing as
that, and while we have the cloth on hand all
ready to make the new uniforms,- or a great
portion of them, you provide that we shall
exhaust the old stock before the new shall be
made up. The cloth is already purchased and
the money expended for it. Hence, I think
as a question of economy it would be better to
make up the cloth into new unifprms and sell
the old uniforms. They have all been con-
demned now, and certainly the only thing to
do with them is to sell them for whatever can
be got. That is the usual rule in the Army
in getting rid of clothing or any supplies on
hand that are useless.
I think for these reasons the bill ought to
stand as it was originally prepared according
to the estimates in this respect.
Mr. STEVENSON. The Committee on
Appropriations, with the best exercise of their
judgment, thought this proviso was necessary.
It is true, as the chairman of the Committee
on Military Affairs has stated, that the law
intrusts the power of changing the uniform to
the President; but that ehang6 should be sub-
ject to the discretion of Congress. The com-
mittee do not propose to diminish the power
which the law intrusts to the President; but
they do propose that that change shall not go
into effect when such change will cause large
loss of the public money.
Now, it is a truism which nobody will deny
that the Government always pays the highest
price when she has to buy and gets little or
nothing for what she has to sell. I care not
whether your material is new, if the Govern-
ment offers it for sale it is at a sacrifice ; and
the Committee on Appropriations thought it
was proper to use up this material which was
on hand. Let the change stand, but let it not
become effectually operative until the material
on hand was used up in the making up of
uniforms.
A million or two of dollars may seem small ;
but wheu we have a million dollars' worth of
material on hand for uniforms, suddenly to
change it and let it go into immediate effect
and sacrifice that million dollars is absolute
waste. Waste usually begets want. I do not
know that that will ever be realized in the
Federal Government, for it has been tried so
long without any result of that sort that every-
body seems disposed to make the most out of
what belongs to the Government.
The Committee on Appropriations thought
that in this respect they could save a million
or so of dollars and that the Army would not
suffer. They have done some very good
fighting in the old uniform. The country has
never suffered on account of it. There is
a great deal of valuable material which can
still be used, and we thought there would be
a saving, a great economy in this proviso.
The committee have no feeling about it. The
honorable chairman says, though, that we can
sell it. If the honorable Senator will turn
to the records either in the Army or in the
Navy, and see the property that has been sacri-
ficed in these public sales, I am sure he will
concur with the committee in attempting to
use it at something like its value when there
can be no public loss rather than to expose it
to sale and get little or nothing for it and then
expend three or four times as much more in
the purchase of a new uniform.
These were the only considerations that
prompted the committee in this amendment.
We thought we were safe in that course, and
think so still,
Mr. LOGAN. I want to do what is best for
the Government, and I do not doubt the com-
mitte thought that this amendment was the
best; but if the Senator from Kentucky will
give me his attention for a moment I think I
shall be able to satisfy him that this will not be
best for the Government.
I am perfectly aware that the sale of uni-
forms or other property belonging to the Gov-
ernment at auction is a sacrifice. It is true
that we always sacrifice a large amount of
money when we dispose of our stock on hand;
but there are other considerations in connection
with this matter.
It is admitted that the law is as I stated,
that the President has the right to change the
uniform of the Army and Navy. The Presi-
dent has done that act. The uniform has been
changed by authority of law, and now is dififer-
entfrom what it wasafew years ago. Whether
that change is a proper one according to our
tastes or not is not the question. I myself
perhaps would have preferred the old uniform.
I do not know whether I would or not, but
probably I might. But that is not the ques-
tion. It is not the-uniform now. I do not
know how the Committee on Appropriations
might like to see one half of a company of
infantry dressed in a cavalry jacket and the
other half dressed in a blouse ; but I, having
been a soldier, certainly should dislike it very
much. I do not think there is a Government
in the world that would undertake to compel
its troops to wear an old uniform after it had
been changed so as to give variety to the cloth-
ing of an army. I do not think any Govern-
ment would do that.
Mr. STEVENSON. Perhaps the chairman
of the Committee on Military Affairs, the Sen-
ator from Illinois, does not exactly compre-
hend this amendment. We intended to apply
this amendment to the material on hand.
Mr. LOGAN. It does notapply to material,
however.
Mr. STEVENSON. We will so make it
that it shall.
Mr. LOGAN. I will give another reason
and show why that ought not to be done.
First, we want uniformity so far as clothing is"
concerned; good taste ought to require that at
least.
Mr. ANTHONY. By permission of the
Senator from Illinois, as the time has almost
arrived when we take a recess, I wish to give
notice that to-morrow at twelve o'clock I shall
call up the bill for publishing the congressional
debates, whatever may be pending, and shall
ask the Senate then to proceed to its consid-
eration.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I wish to give notice
that as soon as this appropriation bill is through
from the Judiciary Committee I shall ask the
Senate to take up the Utah bill of which the
Senator from New Jeisey [Mr. Frelinghijy-
sjsn] has charge, and for whom I now sneak.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The' time
having arrived at which a recess was ordered,
the Senate takes a recess until seven o'clock.
EVENING SESSION.
The Senate resumed its session at seven
o'clock p. m.
army appropriation bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Ferrt,
of Michigan, in the chair.) The recess hav-
ing expired, the Senate resumes the consider-
ation of the bill (H. R. No. 3850J making
appropriations for the support of the Army for
the year ending June 30, 1874, the pending
question being on the amendment of the Com-
mittee on Appropriations on page 6, upon
which the Senator from Illinois [Sir. Logan]
has the floor.
Mr. STEWART. I have a bill from the
Pacific Railroad Committee with regard to the
Texas Pacific railroad. It is a bill that I
think nobody will object to. It is a bill allow-
ing the Texas Pacific Railroad Company to do
