800
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 23,
two doorkeepers at the President's House,
$1,290 each."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 14, to
strike oat lines three hundred and twenty-six
and three hundred and twenty-seven, in the
words "for assistant doorkeeper, $1,200."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 18, line
four hundred and eleven, in the appropriations
for the compensation of clerks, messengers,
and watchmen, &c., in the office of the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, to strike out the words
" thirty laborers," those words being inserted
twice.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 19, lines
four hundred and forty-six and four hundred
and forty-seven, in the clause appropriating
for clerks, &c., in the office of the Commis-
sioner of Customs, to strike out " two" and
insert " three " as the number of clerks of
class four; to strike out "six" and insert
"seven" as the number of clerks of class
three ; to strike out " nine" and insert " ten "
as the number of clerks of class two ; and to
strike out "seven" and insert " nine" as the
number of clerks of class one.
The amendments were agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 23, line
five hundred and thirty-four, in the appropri-
ations for clerks, &c., in the office of the
Comptroller of the Currency, to reduce the
number of female clerks from thirty-three to
thirty, and to reduce the appropriation for
that office from $120,080 to $117,380.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 23, to
strike out from the appropriations for the
office of Comptroller of the Currency lines
five hundred and thirty-eight and five hundred
and thirty-nine, " for expenses of special ex-
aminations of national banks, $3,000."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 21, line
five hundred and sixty-five, to reduce the ap-
propriation for detecting and bringing to trial
and punishment persons guilty of violating
the internal revenue laws, &c., from $150,000
to $100,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I ask consent
to go back to page 23, line five hundred and
thirty-eight. That was a new proposition put
in by the House, and the Senate Committee
on Appropriations were not well informed
upon the subject, and as to its necessity we
had no evidence. Since the bill has been
reported to the Senate, the chairman of the
committee has received a communication from
the Comptroller of the Currency which ex-
plains it and which in my judgment justifies
retaining the clause in the bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Ram-
sey in the chair.) The vote may be recon-
sidered.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I ask the Sec-
retary to read the communication, and then I
shall ask that the vote striking out that clause
be reconsidered.
The Secretary read as follows:
Treasury Department,
Office of Comptroller of this Currency.
Washington, Jauuaru 21,1873.
Sir: T notice that your committee has reduced
the number of female clerks in this office from
thirty-three to thirty, and that it has also stricken
out the item of $3,000 for expenses of special exam-
inations of national banks. These two items were
in accordance with the estimates of the Secretary
of the Treasury, and the necessity for such appro-
priations is explained on pases S4-35 of my report,
which is in the possession of the committee. During
the present month an act has passed Congress au-
thorizing the examination of certain banks, and
providing that the expense shall be paid out of the
appropriation for special bank examinations; and
in accordance with that act two bank examiners
from New York have been engaged for the past four
days in examining the Freedmcn's Savings Bank of
this city. They will probably be employed for two
or three days more, the amount of deposits b'cing
about W,000,000, and in very small sums.
A bili has also been introduced into the Senate by
the Finance Committee, providing for a yearly ex-
amination of bank-note plates in New York, and
requiring the annual destruction of the plates of
banks which have gone into liquidation. I would
suggest, therefore, an amendment to the item in the
bill under consideration, so that it shall read:
For special examinations of national banks and
bank-note plates, $3,000.
I have the honor to be, very respectfully,
JOHN JAY KNOX, Comptroller.
Hon. C. COLE, Chairman Committee on Appropria-
tions, United Stated Senate.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I now move to
reconsider the vote by which the clause was
stricken out.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I move now to
make the clause correspond with the sugges-
tion of the Comptroller of the Currency by
reading " for expenses of special examina-
tions of national banks and bank-note plates,
$3,000."
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion recurs on the amendment to strike out
the clause as amended.
The amendment was rejected.
The Chief Clerk continued the reading of
the bill.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Appropriations was on page 28, line six hun-
dred and fifty-eight, in the appropriations for
the office of the Assistant Treasurer at Boston,
to strikeout "watchman," before $800, and
insert "two watchmen at," and in line six
hundred and fifty-nine, after the word "dol-
lars," insert "each;" so as to read, "two
watchmen, at $850 each."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in the clause mak-
ing appropriations for the expenses of the
Legislative Assembly of the Territory of Wyo-
ming, on page 38, line nine hundred and
twenty-nine, to strike out the words "inci-
dental printing."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in the clause mak-
ing appropriations for the District of Colum-
bia, page 39, line nine hundred and thirty-six,
to strike out the word "four" before " mem-
bers;" so as to read, "for salaries of members
of the Board of Public Works, $10,000."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 40, in the
appropriations for the quartermaster general's
office, line nine hundred and seventy-eight, to
increase the sum appropriated for contingent
expenses from $5,000 to $10,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 49, in the
appropriations for the Indian office, line eleven
hundred and ninety-nine, to increase the appro-
priation for eight clerks of class three from
$12,000 to $12,800; in line twelve hundred
and one, to increase the appropriation for
twelve clerks_ of class two from $16,000 to
$16,800; in line twelve hundred and three, to
strikeout "two watchmen" and insert "one
watchman ;" in line twelve hundred and four,
to strike out" three laborers "and insert "one
laborer;" and in line twelve hundred andfive,
to strike out " $63,140 " as the total, and insert
"$60,980."
Mr. EDMUNDS. Before this amendment
is agreed to, I think it well to ask the honor-
able Senator from Maine what these changes
in the payment of clerks of the Indian office
mean. I observe that there is an increase of
$800 in the appropriation. Is that intended
to increase their salaries?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. No, sir; that is
to correct the aggregate. The salaries amount
to that sum. My understanding is that the
amendment is to correct a clerical error. I
will have the aggregate footing recomputed.
The Senator will see that as it stands it reads
"eight clerks of class three, $12,000," and it
should be $12,800.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is sufficient. I
made the inquiry in order that the Senate
might understand that this was not increasing
the compensation.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 50, in the
appropriations for the Pension Office, line
twelve hundred and seventeen, to reduce the
number of laborers from ten to six, and inline
twelve hundred and twenty, to rcduce the
amount appropriated for salaries in thePension
Office from $441,060 to $438,180.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 52, line
twelve hundred and fifty-eight, to reduce the
appropriation for compensation of officers,
clerks, messengers, &c., of the United States
Patent Office from $476,000 to $472,800.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 52, line
twelve hundred and sixty-eight, to increase the
appropriation for contingent and miscellaneous
expenses of the Patent Office from $90,000 to
$100,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment vap on page 54, line
thirteen hundred and twenty-three, to reduce
the appropriations for clerks in the office of the
surveyor general of California from $25,000
to $15,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 55, line
thirteen hundred and forty-nine, to reduce the
appropriation for clerks in the office of the
surveyor general of Arizona Territory from
$4,000 to $3,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 57, line
thirteen hundred and eighty-three, in the ap-
propriations for the Post Office Department,
to strikeout "ten," before "watchmen," and
insert "one captain of the watch at $1,000,
and nine so as to read, " one captain of the
watch, at $1,000, and nine watchmen and
twenty-five laborers, at $720 each."
The amendment was agreed to
The next amendment was on page 57, lines
thirteen hundred and ninety-six and thirteen
hundred and ninety-seven, to increase the
appropriations for the Post Office Department
from $425,932 to $426,212.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 58, line
fourteen hundred and twelve, to strike out
the word gas," before " plumbing," in the
appropriation for the contingent expenses of
tne Post Office Department.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 58, lines
fourteen hundred and fifteen and fourteen
hundred and sixteen, in the appropriation for
contingent expenses of the Post Office Depart-
ment, to strike out "livery, $750," and insert
"keeping horses, and repairing carriages,
wagons, and harness, $1,200," and also to in-
crease the aggregate of the appropriation from
$43,450 to $43,900.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 59, in
the appropriations for the Department of
Agriculture, to strike out lines fourteen hun-
dred and thirty-one and fourteen hundred
and thirty-two, "for salary of microscopist,
$1,800." v '
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I hope that
amendment will not be insisted upon. The
subject was thoroughly investigated in the
House of Representatives. The chairman of
the Committee on Agriculture of that body
has seen the committee of the Senate on the
subject, and the committee here think the
appropriation should be continued. I have
many testimonials in favor of the importance
of this office and the quality of the man who
now fills it, and I hope when the vote is taken
that the amendment will not be agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. This was new
matter, and the Committee on Appropriations
