1762
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 25,
deemed reliable on this subject that a saying
conld be made of $700,000 by wearing out the
present uniforms. It seemed to that commit-
tee that the present was a very inauspicious
moment to reuniform the entire Army when
so vast an amount of clothing is on hand. It
hardly seemed economy to sell it at fifteen or
twenty cents to the dollar, and some perhaps at
much less than that, and to make a new uni-
form which would require entire new clothing
for the Army. That was the motive by which
I was induced to vote for this amendment.
I have not heard the argument of the Sen-
ator from Illinois or, perhaps I should have
been convinced that I was wrong. He says
that it is economy to sell this old clothing now
as we cannot keep it a great length ot time
because of injury from moth and from various
other causes. It seems to me that we can
keep it certainly for the present year and
there is no necessity for making the addi-
tional appropriation now when it is on hand
and can be used.
But the Senator says that there will be dif-
ferent uniforms in the same regiment. If a
portion of this new uniform is to be made, it
occurs to me that it may be used with certain
regiments and the old uniform with certain
others. I think the good taste of the people
does not require us to expend $700,000 un-
necessarily in order to reuniform the Army at
the present time, and I hope the Senate will
agree to the amendment of the committee.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Committee
on Appropriations.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. LOGAN. I do not desire to annoy the
Senate, I shall not make any other proposi-
tion, but I should like to make one suggestion.
I know it is usual nowadays for the Commit-
tees on Appropriations to do the legislation for
Congress, and I have no objection to that. It
certainly will relieve the committee I am on
from investigating very many subjects that the
presumption is we are informed on, however
violent the presumption may be. But I should
like to make this "suggestion before you pass
from this matter, for I do not think the com-
mittee or the Senate intend what this proposi-
tion declares: that some committeeman of this
committee may make some amendment to it
so as at least to put it in the shape that it may
be understood.
Quite a large amount of material is on hand.
According to this amendment they have to
make up the new material into the old-fashioned
uniforms, not only issue the old uniforms buf
make up the new material into them. I will
read it:
Provided, That no part of this appropriation shall
be expended for any Army uniform of different pat-
tern from that prescribed by regulations of the Army
during the war of the rebellion until the supply on
hand shall be exhausted.
You have got nearly a million dollars' worth
of new material, and this proviso requires you
to make it up into the old-fashioned uniform.
I do not propose any amendment, but I sug-
gest to the committee that they make a change
if they think I am not mistaken.
Mr. COLE. If the Senator is entirely cor-
rect in his notion, I would feel very much like
making a change; but I think his interpreta-
tion is hardly correct. This is a plain, simple
provision to save $723,580, divested of every
other question. By reference to the law of
last year it will be seen that the appropriation
for this purpose, using the precise language
now placed here, was $770,000. We now
appropriate $800,000 instead of .that sum;
that is, $30,000 above the appropriation of
last year; and I have to remark here that
there is a large amount of these goods made
up and unmade on hand, and the amount on
the first of the present fiscal year was some
$23,400,000, nearly twenty-three and a half
million dollars of stock on hand.
Mr. LOGAN. Of uniforms?
Mr. COLE. Uniforms and materials.
Mr. LOGAN. We do not want to make the
materials into old uniforms.
Mr. COLE. We know there is a great deal
of this material on hand, and this provision is
for the purpose of "manufacturing clothing,
camp and garrison equipage," &c. If it is
necessary to use it for the manufacture, so far
as it is already on hand and good material, it
ought to be used up.
Mr. SCOTT. I should like to get a little
information on this question while the chair-
man of the committee is on his feet. If this
provision is to have the effect that no part of
this appropriation is to be expended until the
uniforms on hand are used up, and if the uni-
forms on hand are sufficient to supply the
Army for the next year, what is the necessity
for any appropriation at all ?
Mr. COLE. This item is "for purchase
and manufacture of clothing, camp and gar-
rison equipage," &c. It is the usual appro-
priation. It is much less I have no doubt than
the amount estimated. I am not advised of
that, bat I think it is enough.
Mr. SCOTT. But the discussion has re-
lated entirely to the Army uniform; and the
question I put is this: if there is sufficient of
the old uniform on hand to do for the whole
of the next year, and you prohibit any part of
this appropriation being used for the new
uniform, then there is no appropriation at all
necessary for the new uniform ?
Mr. COLE. There may be one article, for
example the blouse that is on hand, which I
mention for illustration; there are a great
many other things which have to be manufac-
tured for which this appropriation wil be requi-
site. There is a great deal to be manufac-
tured besides these articles which may be on
hand and which we wish to use up before
making new an article which is of a little
different pattern, and which will cost as much
as the original cost, and result in throwing
atyde, abandoning, and destroying or sacri-
ficing at a very small price articles which have
cost the Government a large sum of money.
It is, as I have stated, a plain and simple
proposition to save so much money, and it is
high time we were saving money. We ought
to be more economical than we are.
Mr. LOGAN. Allow me a suggestion right
there. As I said, I have no further amend-
ment to offer to this bill. I am satisfied that
my views are not agreeable to the Senate. I
know that my experience is not any better than
anybody else's in this matter; but I want to
answer one thing said by the chairman of the
Committee on Appropriations which shows the
necessity of our knowing exactly what we say.
On his proposition yon force the soldier in the
field to receive an old uniform when his brother
soldier receives a new one. The new uniform
costs $10 50. The old one costs $12 50, and
the soldier has to pay for it. You make the
soldier not only wear an old uniform, but pay
$2 50 more than he does for the new. You
compel him to do that; and yet you say that
this thing must be forced upon the soldier
after, according to law, the President has pre-
scribed a new uniform. Now, the soldier
ought to have something to say about this. I
will say for myself, that if I were in the Army
of the United States to-day, a private soldier,
and you forced me to wear an old uniform
when the man who stood by me wore a new
one, and you made me pay $2 50 more for
mine than he did for his, 1 would not serve,
and you will find but very few soldiers who
would.
Mr. COLE. I wish to say bat one word.
The old coats, for example, that are spoken
of, that cost.twelve dollars are furnished to
the soldiers at $5 33 apiece. They are fur-
nished at very low rates.
Mr. LOGAN. What is furnished the sol-
diers ?
Mr. COLE. The greatcoats, for example.
Mr. LOGAN. What is a coat furnished a
private soldier for ?
Mr. COLE. It costs $5 33.
Mr. LOGAN. A private's uniform ?
Mr. COLE. I am speaking of this par-
ticular article, which costs really, as is stated
originally, the sum of twelve dollars.
Mr. LOGAN. The overcoat?
Mr. COLE. So I understand.
Mr. LOGAN. Well, Mr. President, I do
not know anything about Army matters at all.
I have a statement here from the Secretary of
War in his own handwriting, given to me yes-
terday, containing the facts, and I will read it
to the Senate.
Mr. WEST. If the Senator will allow me
one moment, he knows perfectly well that the
War Department regulate the price of clothing,
and they have reduced the price of clothing as
issued to the soldiers fifty per cent, since the
close of the war. It is within the power of the
Department to reduce the price of the old
uniform as well as to fix the price of the new
one, so that if the price is irksome to the' sol-
dier, it is perfectly competent for the Depart-
ment to reduce it.
Mr. LOGAN. I understand that perfectly
well; but suppose one coat cost $12 50 and
the other ten dollars and the Department re-
duce the price, will they reduce the price of
the coat that cost $12 50 below the price of
the coat that cost ten dollars ?
Mr. COLE. Yes.
Mr. LOGAN. Not at all.
Mr. WEST. It is optional with the' War
Department to do it.
Mr. LOGAN. I desire to read this state-
ment anyhow. I wish it to go in the Globe.
I want the soldiers to read it:
Cost jyrice of old and new uniforms, hats, caps, and
coatx.
New. Old.
Helmet or uniform hat, with trim-
mings $6 08 $5 74
Uniform dress cap and trimmings, foot, 3 72 2 58
Forage cap  1 37 1 00
Uniform coats, musicians  11 40 13 25
Uniform coats, privates  10 80 12 50
Cavalry jackets, musicians None. 10 25
Cavalry j ackets, privates None. 9 25
Blouse  4 55 4 00
The new uniform can doubtless bo manufactured
at lower rates as soon as artisans' become better
acquainted with its manufacture.
The old uniform of a private was a round
jacket, and the new one is a blouse to be worn
with a belt. Of course Senators know what
the blouse is. The new uniform or blouse will
cost $10 80, and the old jacket cost $12 50.
Where the word " none " is used in this state-
ment in reference to the new uniform, it means
none on hand.
Mr. WILSON. How many have been man-
ufactured, and what are the contracts for them ?
Mr. LOGAN. I know they have contracts,
but I do not know what they are. I only know
the price as given to me. I have nothing fur-
ther to say. I,submit to the better judgment
of the Senate.
Mr. WINDOM. I mcgte to amend the amend-
ment which has been adopted, to make it per-
fectly certain, by inserting after the word
" supply" the words "of uniforms now," so
that it shall only apply to uniforms now on
hand.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask the Senator from
Illinois whether the color of the uniform is
changed.
Mr. LOGAN. I cannot state because I
have not seen the new uniform.
Mr. SHERMAN. What I wish to get at is
whether the old material can be made into the
new uniform.
Mr. LOGAN. They have no old material.
Mr. SHERMAN. The material for blouses,
&c. There is a very large quantity of material,
cloth, and the like on hand.
Mr. LOGAN. I catmot say whether that
can be made into the new uniform or not.
Mr. SHERMAN. That will depend on the
color.
Mr. LOGAN. It will depend on the quality
as well as the color. The round jacket of the
soldier is of a different character of cloth from
