1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1763
the blouse. The cloth of which the blouse is
made is entirely different. You cannot make
a blouse out of the cloth that you make a
round jacket out of.
Mr. SHERMAN. It struck me, notwith-
standing what my honorable friend said, who
knows more about this subject than I do, that
the soldiers eannot feel very much dishonored
in wearing the same uniform that the soldiers
of our country wore during the late war; and,
further, if we have a very large stock of mate-
rial on hand, we certainly ought to use that
up before any change is made in the uniform.
Mr. LOGAN. 1 do not want the Senator
to say that I think a soldier would be dishon-
ored by wearing the old uniform. I have as
much pride in the old uniform as any gentle-
man. Whether or not I have as much reason
to be makes no difference. The point to
which 1 call the attention of the Senate is that
no soldier is satisfied with an old uniform when
the soldier by his side is furnished with a new
one.
Mr. STEVENSON. Let me suggest to the
Senator from Illinois that if the uniform has
not been changed in color; that is, if the new
uniform is made of the same grade of cloth
and of the same color, the soldier may have a
new uniform when it is necessary, and there
will be no change other than that which usually
occurs in the wear and tear of the Army.
Mr. LOGAN. He will have a new uuiform,
that is of new cloth, but the pattern will be
different. It is the pattern, not the cloth, that
is looked to. I said awhile ago that you can-
not make a blouse out of the round-jacket
cloth. They are just as different as any char-
acter of eloth can be. If I were a soldier I
could possibly wear it and get along comfort-
ably, if others wore it, but 1 would not like to
do it if others did not.
Mr. WILSON. I desire to ask the chair-
man of the committee if this amendment would
prevent the War Department from paying for
any contracts already made and expenses
incurred in making this new uniform ; in other
words, if they have employed persons to make
the uniforms, and have contracts on hand
partly executed, will this amendment prevent
them from closing the contracts and paying
the persons to whom they owe money? If it
does, I hope the Senate of the United States
is not at this time to set any such example as
that.
Mr. WEST. The quartermaster's depart-
ment will not be greatly embarrassed by the
adoption of this provision ; but in consequence
of this reduction of $800,000, they will ask in
a deficiency bill, which will be presented here
in a few days, $170,000 to enable them to dis-
charge 'he obligations incurred by establish-
ing this new Army uniform, so that the real
saving to the country is about $500,000 this
year. I will say in regard to this change of
nniform, that the change consists simply in the
facings on the uniform ; that is to say, the in-
fantry stil! retain the dark blue coat with
light blue collar and facings. That is all the
difference ; and the Committee on Appropria-
tions did not think it was expedient in the
present condition of the expenditures of the
Government to adopt such an extravagance at
the present time.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor from Minnesota moves to amend the
amendment, by inserting after the word ''sup-
ply'' in line one hundred and twenty-eight the
words l,of uniform now;" so as to read "until
the supply of uniforms now on hand shall be
exhausted."
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The read-
ing of the bill will be resumed.
The Chief Clerk resumed the reading of the
bill.
The next amendment of the Committee
on Appropriations was on page 6, line one
hundred and thirty-five, to reduce the appro-
priation for establishing and maintaining
national military cemeteries from $275,000 to
$250,000.
The amendfaent was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 7, line
one hundred. and forty-foor, after the word
"dollars" to insert the following:
And the chief medical purveyor of the Army shall
have, under the direction of the Surgeon-General,
supervision of all matters pertaining to hospital and
medical supplier
Mr. WEST. I will say that while this
amendment was being debated by the Com-
mittee on Appropriations the Secretary of
War and the Surgeon General had the matter
under consideration, "and when it was sub-
mitted to them they recommended the substi-
tution of some words ; and I will therefore,
with the permission of the committee, perfect
the amendment to meet their views. The
Surgeon General and the Secretary of War
both approve of the change. I propose to
make it read:
And the chief medical purveyor of the Army shall
have, under the direction of the Surgeon General,
supervision of the purchase and distribution of all
hospital and medical supplies.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there be
no objection, that modification will be made.
The amendment as modified was agreed to.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Appropriations was on page 8, line one hun-
dred and seventy-five, after the word " troops "
to insert the word " and so as to read:
For purchaser and manufacture of ordnance stores,
to fill requisition of troops aud for sea-coast cannon,
and for carriages for the same, §200,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 8, line
one hundred and eighty-one, before the word
" Gatling." to strike out "purchase fifty,"
and insert "provide," and in line one hun-
dred and eighty-two, after the word "cali-
ber," to insert "for the use of the Army:" so
as to read:
To enable the Secretary of War to provide Gat-
ling guns, of light caliber, for the use of the Army,
$60,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 9, line
one hundred and ninetv-four, after the word
" tests," to insert the words, " of two Gatling
guns of large caliber for flank defense of forti-
fications, $5,000, and so as to read:
For experiments and tests of two Gatling guns of
large caliber for flank defense of fortifications, $5,000,
and of the systems of heavy rifled ordnance recom-
mended for trial by the board convened under aet
of June 6,1872.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 9. line
one hundred and ninety-eight, after the words
" eighteen hundred and seventy-two," to insert
the words "and in the discretion of the Secre-
tary, of any other systems for utilizing or im-
proving the cast-iron guns now in the service,
by lining them with steel, one hundred ; " in
line two hundred and one, to strike out the
word " fifty and after the word "dollars,''
in the same line, to strike out the words "in
addition to any unexpended balance of appro-
priations made for-the present fiscal yearso
as to read:
And in the discretion of the Secretary, of any
other systems for utilizing or improving the cast-
iron guns now in the service, by lining them with
steel, $100,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to " the Senate as
amended, and the amendments made as in
Committee of the Whole were concurred in,
' Mr. AMES. I move to amend the bill by
inserting after the word '•dollars." in line
twenty-five, on page 2, the following :
Provided, That so much of sections three and
four of an aet entitled "Aa act to increase and fix the
military peace establishment of the United States,"
approved July IK, IStJti, as requires colored men who
may wish to serve their country as soldiers^ to thus
serve in a certain limited number of organisations
be, and the same is hereby, repealed.
Seo, —. That, alt regimental and company organ-
izations of the Army, and all other branches of the
military service, shall be, and the same are hereby,
open alike to all American citizens, without regard
to race or color.
Sec. —. That it shall be the duty of the Secretary
of War to proceed, at as early a day as practicable,
to obliterate, by assignments and transfers, all dis-
tinctions which may now exist between the organi-
zations of the Army on account of race or color.
Sec. —. That the number of colored men enlisted
as soldiers in the Army shall at no time lie less than
the maximum number now allowed by law for two
regiments of cavalry and two regiments of infantry,
Mr. WEST. I think that amendment can,
be excepted to as not in order. I should like
to have the ruling of the Chair on the question.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I hope we shall have a
ruling of the Chair on the amendment under
the new rule.
Mr. WEST. I object to the amendment as
not being in accordance with the rule of the
Senate with regard to appropriation bills.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. What is the
point of order that the Senator makes?
Mr. WEST. That it is general legislation
not relating to the appropriations at all. It is
for the organization of the Army.
Mr. AMES. I believe it does relate to the
appropriations.
Mr. CONKLING. It can be made to do so
by changing the form of it. It requires no
extra appropriation.
Mr. SPRAGUE. Let the Chair decide the
question.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor from Mississippi proposes this amendment
to be inserted after the word "dollars" inline
twenty-five. That paragraph refers to the pay
of the Army and allowances to officers of the
Army for transportation, and the sum men-
tioned is $12,000,000. Tie rnle says that the
subject-matter of an amendment shall relate to
an appropriation. An appropriation being in-
volved in this paragraph, the Chair will rule
that the amendment is in order, as it relates to
the regulation of the Army.
Mr. CASSERLY. I ask to have the amend-
ment read, and the rule also.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The question is decided
if you do not appeal.
Mr. CASSERLY. I ask for the reading of
the amendment, because it may be that I shall
then take an appeal from the decision of the
Chair.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on agreeing to the amendment.
Mr. WEST. 1 believe it is the wish of the
Committee on Appropriations that an appeal
should be taken from the ruling of the Chair
in this case. I suggest to the Senate that the
amendment in its terms refers to the organ-
ization of the Army. You might with just as
much propriety introduce a provision that
hereafter regiments of infantry shall be com-
posed of eight companies instead of ten as to
make such a provision as this. It refers to
the organization of the Army, and not to the
PaJ-
Mr. EDMUNDS. Does the Senator appeal?
If not, let us go on with the bill.
Mr. WEST. Yes;. I appeal from the ruling
of the Chair.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Then the
question is, "Shall the decision of the Chair
stand as the judgment of the Senate?"
Mr. C ASSE RLY. I think the Senator from,
Louisiana is right in his suggestion. I am not
certian that I understand precisely the rule
under which we are acting, and I do not know
that anybody else in the Senate does. We
have had several decisions, about equally
divided pro and con, but after all we have to
fell back upon the old general rule that wili be
very intelligible to us all; that is to say, that
general legislation is not admissibly upon an
appropriation bill. This is general legislation
in the largest and truest sense, because it goes
to the foundation of the organization of the
Army. I am sure nobody is further from the
wish than I am of putting any invidious dis-
tinctions upon faithful and honest soldiers,
