806
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 23,
Mr. CARPENTER. I should like to inquire
of the Senator from Ohio what comes under
the head of privileges of a member if his sal-
ary dees not ? [Laughter.]
Mr. EDMUNDS. Especially now that the
franking privilege is abolished. [Laughter.]
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
supposes that whatever subject is referred to
a committee of the Senate comes properly
within its consideration.
Mr. SHERMAN. But the Chair still does
not understand my point. The subject-matter
of this amendment is not referred to the Com-
mittee on Privileges and Elections, and they
had no right to consider, under the rules of the
Senate, any matters except what are referred
to them, or what, by the general rule organ-
izing the Committee on Privileges and Elec-
tions, pertain to their duty.
Mr. HILL. I had supposed that any amend-
ment proposed by one of the standing com-
mittees of this body was in order when offered
to a bill of this character. I think that is the
practice of the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
understood the Senator to state that this was
moved by the direction of the Committee on
Privileges and Elections.
Mr. HILL. Yes, sir.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. .That un-
doubtedly brings it within the rule.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I offer an
amendment to the amendment, which I send
to the Chair.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move to lay the amend-
ment proposed by the Senator from Georgia
on the table.
Mr. CONKLING. What became of the
amehdmeut ottered by the colleague of the
Senator?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That will
be first reported, but will go with the original
amendment.
Mr. CONKLING. I should like to know
what that is.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment to the amendment will be reported.
The Chief Clerk. The amendment to the
amendment is to insert at the end of the
amandmeut:
Prodded, That at tho noxt election of members
of tho House of Representatives, and before the
foregoing provision shall take effent, the question
of tho proposed increase of pay shall bo subinittod
to a popular vote of tlio people in each State, and
ballots shall bo prepared with words written or
printed thereon, as follows: "Increase of pay, Sen-
ators and members of Congress;" and each voter
may place thereon, if in favor of the increase, the
word ' yea," and if opposod to the increase tho word
nay;" and unless a majority of all the votes so
oaat shall be in favor of the increase, all provisions
in relation thoroto shall bo null and void.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Ver-
mont [Mr. Edmunds] to lay the amendment
on the table.
Mr. HILL. I call for the yeas and nays on
the motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 31, nays 15 ; as follows :
YE AS~Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Boroman, Buck-
ingham, Casserly, Chandler, Cole, Conkling, Cor-
bctt, Cragin, Edmunds, Fenfon, Erelingliuysen,
Golathwaifco, Hamilton of Maryland, Hamilton of
Texas, Howe, Morrill of Maine,. Morrill of Ver-
mont, Nye, Patterson, Ramsey, Sawyer, Scott, Sher-
man, Sprague, Stewart, Thurman, Wilson, Windom,
and Wright—31.
NAYS—Messrs. Alcorn, Carpenter, D,ivis, Flana-
gan, Hill, Hitchcock, Johnston, Kelly, Lewis, Ma-
ehen, Norwood, Pool, Ransom, Robertson, and Ste-
venson—15.
ABSENT—Messrs. Ames, Blair, Brownlow, Cald-
well, Cameron, Clayton, Cooper, Ferry of Connec-
ticut,! erry of Michigan, Gilbert, Hamlin, Harlan
Logan, Morton, Osborn, Pomeroy, Pratt, Rice, Sauls-
bnry, Schurz, Spencer, Stookton, Sumner, Tipton,
Trumbull, Viokers, and West—27.
So the amendment was ordered to lie on the
table.
Mr. CONKLING, Mr. FERRY of Connec-
ticut, Mr. FERRY of Michigan, Mr. HITCH-
COCK, Mr. POOL, and Mr. CORBETT sub-
mitted amendments intended to be proposed
by them to the pending bill; which were re-
ferred to the Committee on Appropriations,
and ordered to be printed.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSB.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed a bill (H. R. No.
2620) to remit the excise taxes upon alcohol
used by universities and colleges for scientific
purposes ; in which it requested the concur-
rence of the Senate.
The message also announced that the House
had concurred in the third and fourth amend-
ments of the Senate to the joint resolution
(H. R. No. 170) to enable the people of the
United States to participate in the advan-
tages of the international exposition to beheld
at Vienna in 1873, non-concurred in the second
amendment of the Senate to the joint resolu-
tion, and concurred in the first amendment
with an amendment; in which the concurrence
of the Senate was requested.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate a communication from the Secretary
of the Treasury, in reply to the resolution of
January 20, 1873, relating to the business of
the office of the Commissioner of Customs ;
which was referred to the Committee on
Appropriations, and ordered to be printed.
DISTRICT LAWS.
Mr. PATTERSON submitted the following
resolution ; which was considered by unani-
mous consent, and agreed to:
lienolved, That the secretary of the District of Co-
lumbia be, and hereby is, directed to transmit to the
Senate a copy of all the acts and resolves of the
Legislative Assembly of said Distriot passed or
agreed upon since its organization.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Mr. SAWYER. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of executive business.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of executive
business. After ten minutes spent in exec-
utive session the doors were reopened, and
(at four o'clock and thirty-eight minutes p.
m.) the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, January 23, 1873.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
MARINE HOSPITAL AT SAN FRANCISCO.
Mr. SARGENT. I ask unanimous consent
that the bill (H. R. No. 2764) making an ap-
propriation for the erection of a marine hos-
pital at San Francisco, with an amendment by
the Senate, be taken from the Speaker'stable,
and that the amendment be concurred in.
The SPEAKER. The amendment of the
Senate will be read, after which objections,
if any, will be in order.
The Clerk read as follows :
At the end of tho bill add the following words:
Provided further, That no reservation shall be
used or occupied for the purpose herein indicated,
if the same is wanted, or likely to be wanted by the
Military Department, nor without its formal consent
first obtained.
There was no objection; and the bill, with
the Senate amendment, was taken from the
Speaker's table, and the amendment con-
curred in.
Mr. SARGENT moved to reconsider the vote
by which the Senate amendment was concurred
in; and also moved that the motion to recon-
sider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
BANKS ORGANIZED UNDER STATE LAWS
Mr. MONROE, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee on Banking and Currency,
reported back, with the recommendation that
it do pass, the bill (H. R. No. 3399) to pro-
vide for obtaining information of the condition
of banks organized under State laws.
The bill was read. It provides that it shall
be the duty of the Comptroller of the Currency
to report annually to Congress, under appro-
priate heads, the resources and liabilities,
exhibiting the condition of the banks, bank-
ing companies, and savings banks organized
under the laws of the several States and Terri-
tories, such information to be obtained by the
Comptroller from the reports made by such
banks, banking companies, and savings banks
to the Legislatures or officers of the different
States and Territories. And where such re-
ports cannot be obtained, the deficiency shall
be supplied from such other authentic sources
as may be available. The second section pro-
vides that, in order to carry the provisions of
the first section of the act into effect, the
Comptroller of the Currency be authorized, if
it should be necessary, to employ one clerk
of class four, who shall be appointed by the
Secretary of the Treasury in the manner now
provided by law.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. MONROE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
The latter motion was agreed to.
CLAIMS AGAINST FOREIGN GOVERNMENTS.
Mr. MAYNARD, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution ; which was
read, considered,'and agreed to:
Mesolved, &c„ That the President of the United
States be, and he is hereby, requested to cause to bo
prepared and communicated to the House of Rep-
resentatives a list in tabular form, setting forth,
first, the names and residences of such complain-
ants or claimants, citizens of the United States, as
have preferred complaints or claims against foreign
Governments, to the executive department of the
Government, for aggressions or spoliations or other
demands' against such Governments ; second, the
amount claimed; third, a brief abstract of the nature
of the claim, and any action of the Government in
relation thereto; fourth, the result of such action,
and the amount of satisfaction obtained, if any.
Mr. MAYNARD moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was adopted ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ALCOHOL FOlt SCIENTIFIC INSTITUTIONS.
Mr. DAWES. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means to report a little bill
for present consideration, to which I think
there will be no objection, if the House will
bear with me for two minutes while I explain
what it is.
In 1867 Congress, after the enactment of
the internal revenue law, which imposed a
very severe tax upon alcohol, made an excep-
tion of alcohol to be used in institutions for
the promotion of science, where they pre-
served specimens of natural history and the
like. ^ In 1870, when the tariff was revised,
this joint resolution by construction, without
its having been thought of, became repealed.
Consequently, all the alcohol used in these
scientific institutions has been so expensive
that they have been compelled to abandon, or
have been crippled in this scientific research.
The bill I am instructed to report reenacts
that law precisely as it was before 1870, with
the single exception of extending it also to the
use of alcohol in the laboratories of these in-
stitutions. The bill will affect the scientific
institutions in Cambridge, Massachusetts; in
Yale College ; in Columbia College, New
York; in Philadelphia; in Charleston, South
Carolina; and in San Francisco. These are
all the institutions that will be likely to avail
themselves of this law. The committee have
conferred with the Commissioner of Internal
Revenue, who, after consulting with the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, recommends the pass-
age of the bill. It is so guarded th.it it cannot
be made a means of fraud. The bill, I should
state, applies generally to any institution which
will avail itself of the privilege which it con-
