1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1767
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor from California raises the point of order
that the amendment is not germane. The
Chair will submit the question of order to the
Senate. Those who are in favor of receiving
this amendment as germane to the bill will
say " ay;" those opposed will say "no."
Mr. NYE. I am a little surprised at the
opposition of the chairman of the Committee
on Appropriations to this measure. It seems
to me that there ought to be one thing at least
that this Senate should agree upon, and that
is to pay all that attention and respect to these
harvest-fields of the dead that a sense of pro-
priety indicates as proper. I do not want it
to go abroad that this question is discussed iu
the American Senate whether «uch a thing
should be done or not. It impugns the patri-
otism of this country and strikes into a thou-
sand he-arts a chill for what is coming next.
No, sir, I would mark .these places where the
dead repose with undecayable monuments,
and there they will stand as an evidence to
all time that there was the place of burial
of patriots and American soldiers.
I say let this amendment go on this bill. It
is as germane as anything can be. The bill
contains an appropriation for cemeteries, and
we propose an addition of legislation on that
subject. It is simply that these graves shall
be marked by a headstone so that those who
come after us may read the inscription that
tells "here is the resting-place of an American
soldier." I would do that; and were I at the
head of any committee I would not object to
it. The country demands it. Decency and
propriety demand it.
Mr. COLE. There are under the care of
the Government, I believe, about seventy of
these national cemeteries in which rest the re-
mains of those soldiers who fell in the late
rebellion. They are spread over a consider-
able portion of the country, and great pains
have heretofore been taken by the Govern-
ment to keep them in good order and give all
proper care and attention to them and to show
the respect which is certainly properly due to
those who lie buried in them.
The Government has for a long time past
been making annually large appropriations
for the care of these cemeteries. The appro-
priations, I find, last year were some 3300,000,
and in this very bill there is an appropria-
tion of $250,000 for the same purpose. This,
I may say, aunual appropriation of a quarter
of a million or upward has been expended
in keeping them in proper repair and in
keeping persons in charge of them. There
has been no neglect of these cemeteries.
They are certainly as well taken care of, as
well protected and guarded as any cemeteries
in the country. We are not now in a condi-
tion to add this million dollars for the purpose
designated in this amendment. This expend-
iture cannot be undertaken at this time in con-
nection with other expenditures. All these
cemeteries 1 think have been surrounded by
very substantial stone walls, and there are
temporary headboards at every grave.
Mr. NYE. And all rotting away.
Mr. COLE. There are monuments erected
iu perhaps each and every one of these ceme-
teries, and a record is kept by the keepers ol
the cemeteries of the persons who are buried
in them, so far as can be ascertained, with
the names, dates, &c., so that the friends of a
deceased soldier can readily fiud -the place ot
his burial. Many of them we know have been
removed by their friends to family burial-
grounds, and I must say, without taking up
the time of the Senate, that this is not the
time to make this large appropriation of a
million dollars in addition to the appropria-
tions that arc already made for the protection
and maintenance of these institutions. I hope
thai this appropriation will not be made. Ihis
bill, as has been stated, already amounts to
about a million dollars to the regiment, it is
larger by a million dollars than the appropria-
tions for last year, and yet it will not be main-
tained that the Army was larger now than it
was last year.
I do not wish to see this bill swelled up by
any such appropriations as this proposed by
the Senator from Illinois. It is not at all in
disrespect to the memory of the soldiers that I
oppose this appropriation. It is, as I believe,
a duty that devolves on me to protect the ap-
propriation bills, and to keep them within the
receipts of the Government.
I ought now to remind Senators that there
is actually a deficiency. It is shown by the
last monthly statement that the expenditures
have exceeded the income; and it may be so
during many months of the coming year. I
must remind Senators that the expenditures
are increasing too rapidly; and with the reduc-
tion of taxes that has been authorized within
the last year or two, it is not possible to iacur
expenses of this kind without our increasing
the national debt.
Mr. LOGAN. I think the Chair is per-
fectly right in his suggestion as to the pro-
priety of this amendment on the point of
order. I did not really know, seeing the
objections made, where the proper place would
be in the bill, because it is foreign, according
•to the theory of gentlemen, to any portion of
it. I think not, however. I think it is ger-
mane to the provisions of the bill, and I
thought so all the time. I am very much
astonished, I must say, to find that on account
of the peculiarity of some amendments that may
be offered, the same gentlemen who say that
they are germane decide that others are for-
eign to the subject, though they certainly are
more germane than those that have been put
on the bill.
It does strike me that if the Congress of the
United States ever intend to mark the last
resting-place of the dead soldier, we may as
well do it now as at any other time. Let it
be done while the resting place can be found,
and not wait until years roll on and no spot
exist by which to trace the place where the
bones rest.
While the Senator from California was speak-
ing, his words called to my memory one short
little pathetic sentence in the play of Rip Van
Winkle: "How soon are we all forgotten!''
Why, sir, because this small amount of money
is required to be appropriated shall we neglect
the dead ? If they were strewn on top of the
ground, after fighting in a severe struggle,
would Congress say, while acting on an appro-
priation bill, '• We will not appropriate money
to bury these dead men, let them rot on
the soil." Why? Forsooth, because it costs
money; hence it is not to be done. That is
the argument of the Senator from California,
that the dead must be forgotten; they must
lie upon the ground and there molder and
rot because it is expensive to dig a hole for
the last resting-place of the dead soldier 1
Sir, I do not believe that this country will
feel this small pittance for the purpose of
marking the place of the soldier's burial and
putting on stone his name and his regiment
and company, that his family and friends may
find the spot that they may shed a silent tear
over his last remains. Where is the man or
the country that will say " Pay not a dollar for
this purpose ?" Why, sir, the whole country
would repudiate us as heartless, not only
heartless, but as using apretense for eeonomy
that does not exist. The economy comes with
bad grace when it comes in opposition to the
memory of the dead. Let this word "econ-
omy" be heard when millions are being ap-
propriated for that which is of doubtful pro-
priety, but not when money is appropriated
for this purpose.
I hope, sir, that there will be no objection
to this appropriation being placed upon this
bill. Whether entirely germane or not, it is
right, it is proper, it is a duty we owe to the
dead that it should pass.
Mr. SAWYER. Mr. President, I am some-
what surprised that an appeal should be taken
from the decision of the Chair on the question
of order, for in the first place there is in the
bill an appropriation for caring for the national
cemeteries where our patriotic and heroic dead
are buried. It would seem that any appro-
priation which went to mark the resting-place
of those whose remains lie there was in order
on this bill. But, Mr. President, I am more
surprised to know that there is objection to
this appropriation when I reflect that the Gov-
ernment has decided by a former appropriation
upon the policy of marking these resting- places
of the dead. At the last session of Congress
there was appropriated the sum of $200,000
for this specific purpose. That sum was found
insufficient to mark in a decent and proper
way these graves. Hence the proposition
which comes from the Committee on Military
Affairs to increase it. At that session of Con-
gress the Secretary of War was directed to
contract with the lowest bidder for headstones
to mark these graves. Finding that it was
impossible to properly mark them with the
amount appropriated, he abstained entirely
from carrying out the law because it was
impracticable to do so.
Now, Mr. President, if there is any one point
in which the American people do not ask Con-
gress" to be parsimonious, to be sparing of
expense, it is in erecting these monuments to
the memory of the men who have fallen in
defense of the Government, whose agents we
are. If there is any single point in national
expenditure that we cannot afford to retrench,
as patriotic citizens and as those who remem-
ber the sacrifices which these men made for
our country, it is in this spot. Far be it from
the American Congress to say to the descend-
ants of those who-have fallen on fields of glory
for the American Government that their rest-
ing-places shall not be known to posterity and
their kindred. Let it not be said that he who
fell in his country's cause found not gratitude
enough in that country to place the simple
inscription on a stone at the head of his grave
of who he was and where he died and to what
military organization he belonged.
I trust my friend from California will signal-
ize his conduct of this bill in the Senate by
some sentiment which is in better taste than
that which he evinces in trying to save a few-
thousand or a few hundred thousand in this
pitiable way. For, Mr. President, however
much I may respect the spirit of prudence and
economy which may control his action on this
question, I say let that economy go somewhere
else. Apply it to the expenditures which will
be lavished upon your appropriations for a
variety of objects which may as well be de-
ferred, instead of taking it from this which
appeals to the noblest emotions of every
patriot in the land. Last year we appropri-
ated $200,000 and nobody made a question
on the subject, and it was then thought suffi-
cient for the object. But a year has passed
by, and now it is not even proposed to re-
appropriate that sum, which will have elapsed
into the Treasury before the objeet can be
accomplished. Shall it be said that our grat-
itude grows dimmer and dimmer, less and
less appreciable, as time rolls on ? ^ Or shall
we do that which we last year had it in mind
to do in a handsome, in a proper, in a becom-
ing manner?
1 trust, Mr. President, that the decision of
the Chair will be sustained, and not only that
it will be sustained, but that there will not be
a dissenting voice with regard to this proposi-
tion in the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor from Illinois moves an amendment, to
which the chairman of the Committee on
Appropriations has objected. The Chair sub-
mits the question of reception to the Senate.
Shall the amendment be received ?
Mr. FKE L1N OH D Y SEN. I should like
to know of the Senator from Illinois what the
expense of this will be.
