1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
807
fers. The benefit of it is not confined to any
particular institution.
Mr. RANDALL. Will the gentleman tell
us what amount of alcohol is consumed by
these institutions?
Mr. DAWES. The institution at Cam-
bridge consumed last year $5,000 worth; and
Professor Agassiz, who appeared befoie the
committee this morning, said he thought that
was about as much as was used in all the others.
There was no objection ; and the bill (H. R.
No. 3620) to remit the excise taxes upon alco-
hol used by universities and colleges for scien-
tific purposes was received, and read a first
and second time.
The bill was read. It authorizes the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to grant permits to incor-
porated or chartered scientific institutions or
colleges of learning to withdraw alcohol in
specified quantities from bond without payment
of the internal revenue tax on the same, or on
the spirits from which the alcohol has been
distilled, for the sole and exclusive purpose
of preserving specimens of anatomy, physi-
ology, or natural history belonging to such in-
stitutions, or for use in any chemical labora-
tory of such institutions; provided that ap-'
plications for permits shall be made by the
presidents or curators of such institutions,
who shall file a bond for double the amount
of the tax on the alcohol to be withdrawn,
with two good and sufficient sureties, to be
approved by the Commissioner of Internal
Revenue, and conditioned that the whole quan-
tity of alcohol so withdrawn from bond shall
be used for the purposes above specified and
for no other, and that said presidents and
curators shall comply with such other require-
ments and regulations as the Secretary of the
Treasury may prescribe; and if any alcohol
so obtained shall be used by any officer, as
aforesaid, of such institutions for any purposes
other than that above specified, then such
officers or sureties shall pay the tax on the
whole amount of alcohol withdrawn from bond,
together with a like amount as penalty in
addition thereto.
Mr. DAWES. I want to add a single word
to show the effect of existing law upon science
to-day. Professor Agassiz last year made a
voyage around the Strait of Magellan up to
Han Francisco and then crossed the continent.
He collected on that voyage two hundred and
sixty-five barrels of specimens, which are now
awaiting preservation in alcohol. It is utterly
impossible with the means now at the com-
mand of science to preserve them, and they
are every day deteriorating and being lost. I
hope there will be no objection to the bill.
• i'he biil was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. DAWES moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
SUPERN'UMBKAKY LIST OK OKflCEItS.
On motion of Mr. HAYS, by unanimous
consent, the Committee oil Naval Affairs was
discharged from the further consideration of
the bill (IJ. R. No. 2o70) defining the rank of
ollieers traiu'foired from the supernumerary
list ; and the ,-ame was referred to the Com-
mittee on Military AH'airs.
Mr. RANDALL moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was referred; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
IlKI'ORT Of COMMISSIONS OK AOIUCULTUKB.
.Mr. \\ ILSON, of Ohio, by unanimous con- j
sent, submitted the following resolution ; which !
 tii read, and referred, under the law. to the i
joint Committee on Printing.
/ i 1/ th< y'/... iif (the
SfiiMfe cim'Hrrini.0 That there Ue printed ot the an-
nual lujnjrt ot the ComuiioMuuer of Agriculture for
1872 two hundred and fifty-five thousand extra
copies, one hundred and eighty thousand of which
shall be for the use of the House, fitly thousand for
the use of the Senate, and twenty-five thousand for
distribution by the Commissioner of Agriculture.
PENSIONS TO SOLD1KKS OF TUB tt'Ait OF 1812.
Mr. HERNDON, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 3021) to amend
an act entitled "An act granting pensions to
certain soldiers and sailors of the war of 1812,
aDd to the widows of deceased soldiers," ap-
proved February 14, 1871; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Revision of the Laws of the United
States.
SALT LAKE CITY AND PORTLAND RAILROAD.
Mr. SLATER, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. R. No. 2022) supplemental
to an act entitled "An act granting the right
of way through the public lands for the con-
struction of a railroad from Great Salt Lake
City to Portland, Oregon," approved April 12,
1872; which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee on the Public
Lands, and ordered to be printed.
DUBUQUE AND SIOUX CITY RAILROAD.
Mr. STEVENSON, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following preamble and resolu-
tion :
Whereas it appears that members of this House
have been interested in the Dubuque and Sioux
City railroad, which has received a subsidy in lands,
and has been managed by some of the operators of
the Credit Mobilier: Therefore,
Rcto^vcd, That the select committee appointed
December 2.1872, to investigate charges of bribery
by the said Credit Mobilier be instructed to inquire
and report whether any members of this House have
been interested in the said Dubuque and Sioux
City railroad, and if so. how.
Mr. RANDALL. I would like to have the
gentleman accept an amendment to include
every road that has received a land grant from
Congress.
Mr. STEVENSON. I would have no objec-
tion, but it might overload the committee.
Mr. RANDALL. No it will not; for it is
pretty much the same class of birds who are
mixed up in all these cases.
Mr. STEVENSON. At the suggestion of
a gentleman near me, I will modify the pre-
amble by striking out the words '• it appears"
and inserting in lieu thereof the words "it is
alleged."
Mr. RANDALL. I hope the gentleman
will include also the Central Pacific railroad.
Mr. STEVENSON. I will accept that mod-
ification.
The resolution as modified was agreed to.
DIPLOMATIC APPROPRIATION HILL.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I move that
the rules be suspended, and the House re-
solve itself into Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union on the diplomatic
appropriation bill.
The motion was agreed to; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into Committee
of the Whole on the state oi the Union,
(Mr. Niblack in the chair,) and resumed the
consideration of the bill LI. R. No. 325S!
making appropriations for the consular and
diplomatic service of the Government for thi
year ending June 30, 1^71, ami for other pur-
poses.
The CHAIRMAN. When the committee
last rose it had under consideration the clause j
of the bill which the Clerk will now read. j
The Clerk read as follows : J
For minister resident accredited to Guatemala, ;
Costa Rica. Honduras, Salvador, srd Niearagua, to j
reside at the place that the President may select in ;
any one of the states nauied, as by act making ji
appropriations f< r the consular and diplomatic ser- ,j
vice, approved May -li, 16713. $7,500.
Mr. SARGENT. It will be observed by ]
any one who looks at the bill that the para- ;;
graph ought to run to line thirty-four, so as to
include the next clause, which also embraces •]
the same subject. It is as follows: |>
For additional compensation, to he allowed at the jj
rate oi fifty per cent, of the amount allowed lor U
each of the four superadded offices, as by the terms
ot section niue of thu act of August 18, ]556, regu-
lating consular and diplomatic service, $15,0oQ.
I ask unanimous consent that those clauses
may be considered together as one paragraph.
The CHAIRMAN. Is there objection ? The
Chair hears none.
Mr. SARGENT. I now move the amend-
ment which I send to the Clerk's desk.
The amendment was read ; and was to strike
oat all after " 1872," as follows:
Seven thousand five hundred dollars.
For additional compensation, to be allowed at the
rate of fifty per eent. of the amount allowed for
each of the four superadded oEccs, as by the terms
of section nine of the act of August 18,1856, regu-
lating consular and diplomatic service, 815,000.
And to insert in lieu thereof the following:
Ten thousand dollars: Provided, That the pay and
allowances of said minister resident shall hereafter
be $10,000 per annum, and no more.
So that the provision will read;
For minister resident accredited to Guatemala,
Costa Rica, Honduras, Salvador, and Nicaragua, to
reside at the place that the President may select in
any one of the States named, as by aet making ap-
propriations for the consular and diplomatic service,
approved May 22,1872, $10,000: Provided, That the
pay and allowances of said minister resident shall
hereafter be $10,000 per annum, and no more.
Mr. SARGENT. I desire to say bat a word.
By my amendment $10,000 takes the place of
$22,500 in the bill, making a saving of the dif-
ference between $22,500 and §10,000, It will
also probably make a saving of certain contin-
gent expenses to the amount of $15,000, pro-
vided for by the second item under consider-
ation. My amendment proposes to make the
pay and allowances for all purposes not to
exceed §10,000.
Mr. McCRARY. I desire to know from the
gentleman from California [Mr. Sakgent]
whether he proposes to repeal the action had
at the last session consolidating these missions?
Mr. SARGENT. Not at all , only to repeal
pro tanto an old act which provides that where
two or more missions are consolidated, the
person holding the several missions shall 're-
ceive full pay for one and half pay for the
others. These half a dozen missions have been
consolidated, and under that law the compen-
sation is made entirely too large. I propose
to reduce the compensation.
Mr. McCRARY. That is all right.
Mr. SARGENT. The compensation in this
case is now nearly as large as thatof the Presi-
dent of the United States.
Mr. L. MYERS. Larger than that of a
first-class mission.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
For minister resident at Uruguay, also accredited
1 to Paraguay. $11.J50.
' Mr. POTTER. I move to amend the para-
graph just read, by striking out •*$ll,2i0''
• 'and inserting in lieu thereof "$7,500." I
i; want to call the attention of this committee
l! to the fact that of all the salaries that are
> paid to our resident ministers in South Amer-
| iea. the largest salary is paid to the minister
; resident in the couiitryoftlieleastsignificap.ce.
: Formerly we had a minister to Paraguay.
But sitice the great war which overwhelmed
; that country the minister was taken away.
: And then the action of the Congress was m
this wise: it carved out of the Argentine
Republic, to which we had for years sent a
<j minister, the little province of Uruguay, and
:j it annexed to that the inaccessible province
j; of Paraguay. To these two countries, thus
put together, we send a minister at a sakry
larger than is given to any other minister
resident in South America, or any save one.
Now, to these two provinces, the one ab-
solutely inaccessible, to which no man from
this country ever goes, with which we have no
political or commercial relations, with not one
dollar of commerce or interchange of com-
modities, and the other province, of Uruguay,
wiih which our entire trade in 1870 was but
Slii.OuO, ve send a minister resident to whom
we pay a larger salary than we pay to our
