1770
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 25,
Mr. THURMAN. So I see now ; but I
was not aware of that when I spoke.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Ohio to the amendment of the Senator from
Illinois.
Mr. CASSERLY. I observe that the word
used in designating the material to be. em-
ployed is '' stone.'' It seems to me the effect
of that is unnecessarily to limit the authorities
of the War Department in the choice. Dura-
bility of material is sought. We know very
well, at least if the concurrent testimony of
all travelers is of any authority, that an arti-
ficial stone or tile is more lasting than any
natural stone has ever yet been known to be.
I understand also that there is what is called
a made marble which is extensively in use in
the United States, which also is extremely
durable and presents some advantages iu hand-
ling and shaping and also in marking which
the natural marble does not possess.
Mr. THURMAN. That is a stone.
Mr. CASSERLY. No, it is not a stone in
the strict sense of the word, because it is a
manufactured article. Then the French have
an artificial stone called the beton stone that
has come into very general use in that country,
even for large works. I would prefer, unless
some Senator has a marked objection to it, to
use the word " material" instead of "stone"
and let the Secretary of War determine for
himself as to the best kind of material.
_ We had a very striking instance of the dura-
bility of other materials than stone in the discov-
eries recently made among the ruins of one of
the oldest cities of Asia Minor, a city compared
with which Nineveh and Babylon were com-
paratively modern cities, and yet those tiles or
tablets of brick were found to be in a condition
of preservation that enabled the inscriptions
on them to be substantially deciphered, while
the marble and other stone in the neighborhood
had crumbled into almost utter decay. It
seems to me that we had better not limit the
Secretary of War to natural stone as the ma-
terial, but employ the word "material" in
this amendment.
Mr. LOGAN. Do I understand the Senator
to say that he desires the word " material"
used instead of "stone?"
Mr. CASSERLY. Yes, sir.
Mr. LOGAN. "Material" is the language
of my amendment; and the amendment of the
Senator from Vermont uses the word "head-
stones," which refers to the article, not to the
material of which it is composed.
Mr. CASSERLY. Then 1 misapprehended
the amendment.
Mr. LOGAN. The Senator certainly mis-
apprehends the scope of the amendment.
Mr. CASSEIILY. I ask to have it read
once more.
The amendment was read.
Mr. CORBETT. I was going to make a
motion to strike out "material" in the fifth
line for the very reason that I do not want to
take any risk of any patent-right for cement,
or stone, or brick. YVe have had some expe-
rience in a building erected here by General
Howard out of patent brick, that was substi-
tuted for the ordinary brick and the building
gave way. We are not sufficiently experi-
enced in this country as to patent stone for us
to determine what is the best material; but as
we know that marble, granite, and stone are
tolerable durable, the most durable materials
we have ever used in this country, we had
better confine it to marble or stone. For that
reason I hope the word "material" will be
stricken out, and I move to strike it out and
insert " stone " in the fifth line.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That motion
is not in order now. There is an amendment
to an amendment pending.
Mr. CORBETT. Very well. I will make
that motion at the proper time. For the rea-
sons I have stated, I think it would be a risk
to adopt any cement or patent stone that we
know nothing about in this country. Although
they may be very good yet the risk is toogreat.
I think it safer to confine it to stone, marble,
or granite, which is stone in the general sense.
Mr. LOGAN. That can, be moved after we
take the vote on the other amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment proposed by the
Senator from Ohio to the amendment of the
Senator from Illinois.
Mr. CASSERLY. I am inclined still to
think that I was right in my remarks as to the
use of the word "stone." I find it is in so
much of this amendment as relates to the
preparation by the Secretary of War of proper
models to be inspected by the bidders. I do
not know whether that amendment is the one
which the Chair now proposes to submit to the
Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Secre-
tary will report the amendment to the amend-'
ment proposed by the Senator from Ohio,
and the Senator from California will then
see the p,oint he wishes to get at.
The Chief Clerk. It is proposed to amend
the amendment by adding thereto :
And the Secretary of War shall first determine for
the various cemeteries the size a.nd model for sueh
headstones, the standards of quality and color of
the stone to be used; and bids shall be made and
decided with reference thoreto; and contracts may
be made for separate quantities of such headstones.
Mr. LOGAN. I suggested that it should
read "headstones" in the three places.
, Mr. EDMUNDS. I thought the Senator
meant that in order to make better sense ; I
had not iu my mind the artificial question at
the moment, and, therefore, the change was
made in the first case, so that the English of
it is now good enough; bat it might possibly
lead to the conclusion, as the Senator from
California says, taking it all together, that it
was understood that this was to be stone. That
does not necessarily perhaps exclude artificial
stone, but I think it ought to be excluded. I
think that whstt human experience we have in
this humid country, which differs from the
Asyrian regions to which my friend in his
scholastic learning has referred, our experience
in this humid country of ours, where there is so
much of frost and of moisture combined, shows
the best stone in the world for durability is
that which the Lord himself made when He
made the earth. Therefore I shall vote for the
amendment which shall have Congress decide
that the thing to be put over the graves of
these soldiers is to be the same that is put up
over the graves of other people in this coun-
try, the stone of the country, the stone of the
locality; let it be granite in one place, marble
in another, one kind of marble in one place,
another in another, according as a sound and
durable stone ofthat charaetercan be obtained
for the best price and of a decent color.
Mr. LOGAN. I merely wish to say, in reply
to the Senator from Vermont., that when his
amendment was offered I suggested that the
word "headstone" be used in the three
places instead of " stone," and that I thought
was assented to for the purpose of having it
conform to the amendment as reported by the
committee. I have some objection to this,
not that I desire brickbats put up at the head
of graves, as ray friend from California [Mr.
Cole] said, or that I desire auy material that
is not durable, but we thought in making this
amendment that we at least ought to have con-
fidence in some man in this country, and
none of us presumed that the Secretary of
War would put up boards, or brickbats, or
anything which was not a durable material.
Hence we thought it well enough to leave
something to his discretion. Now, if it is the
desire to say that we shall determine the whole
thing here, and prescribe rules and regulations
by which he shall work, of course the Senate
has the right to do it. • But when we use
the words " durable material," it does seem
to me that no man acting as Secretary of War
would so far forget himself as to place at the
head of a grave that which would not be a
" durable material."
I have nothing to say in reference to what
kind of material shall be used, so that it is
good material. That is a matter for the Senate
to determine, but I do think it is well enough
for us to act at least in such a manner as to
show that we have some confidence.in some-
body, and the Secretary of War I think cer-
tainly may prescribe the rules and select the
stone a great deal better than we can here,
especially when he has it to look at.
Mr. COLE. Now there must necessarily
be provided something over three hundred
thousand of these headstones, and they there-
fore cannot under this appropriation cost much
more than three dollars apiece. Though I
said nothing about brickbats, I did speak of a
cheaper material, made of burnt clay or the
same material out of which bricks are made.
I would ask the chairman of the Committee
on Military Affairs if it must not necessarily
be a very cheap thing in the form of a tomb-
stone, all lettered with the name, age, date,
and perhaps poetry upon it for each indi-
vidual, to be provided for about three dollars
apiece ? I do not know what material can be
got. I have as much confidence in the Secre-
tary of War as the Senator has, or as any man
has. I have full confidence in him; I have
unbounded confidence in his fidelity and faith-
fulness as an officer: but he cannot with this
price furnish tombstones of a very durable or
costly material.
Mr. CASSERLY. I withdraw my sugges-
tion or amendment, whatever it may be called.
I do not wish to protract this debate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Ohio to the amendment of the Senator from
Illinois.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion recurs on the amendment as amended.
Mr. CORBETT. I propose to strike out in
line five the word "material," and insert
"stone," so as to read, "shall be of durable
stone and of such design and weight," &c., so
that there shall be no mistake as to its being
stone of some kind, granite or marble.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. That is the amend-
ment which I should have proposed if the Sen-
ator from Oregon had not. There is a great dif-
ference in the opinion of men as to durable
materials; but it seems to me that the Senate
should determine so far as to say whether it
shall be left to the Secretary of War to determ-
ine whether it should be iron or burnt day or
some artificial material; and I can conceive of
nothing that will meet the case so well through
the entire country as to take the stone which
will be found in the vicinity of the several cem-
eteries. Taking into consideration this fact,
and also, that there is hardly a material which
you can get that will be as durable as the
granite which is abundant in our country, it
seems to me we should not hesitate to say that
the durable .material shall be stone. I hold in
my hand a letter which refers to an article
published in a paper in 1836, which states
that the lettering on a stone one hundred and
ninety years old was still legible.
Mr. LOGAN. The proposition as it stands
requires stone, without this amendment of the
Senator from Oregon.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM- The words are
" durable material."
Mr. LOQ-AN. It is impossible for us all to
agree upon any proposition, I believe. I
think it is universally understood that the Sen-
ate can never agree on any single proposition,
and I guess it is right that they should not.
But I want to call the attention of the Senate
now to the absurdity of this suggestion. It
is certainly perfectly absurd. Senators argue
