TH1 CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 23,
ment moved by Mr. Matnabd ; and it was not
agreed to.
The Clerk read the list of consulates.
Mr. SARGENT. I move to amend the list
just read by inserting after the word "Per-
nambuco " the word " Perth."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
For rent of prison for American convicts in Japan,
$750; for wages of keepers, caro of offenders, and
expenses, $5,000.
" Mr.-LYNCH. I move to amend by insert-
ing after the paragraph last read thefollowing:
For the establishment of life-savins stations on
the coasts of Maine, New Hampshire, and Massa-
chusetts, and for making surveys and examina-
tions for the establishment of such stations at other
points on the sea and lake ooasts of the United
States, $60,000.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I rise to a point
of order, that the amendment is not germane to
the pending provision, and establishes what is
not now authorized by law.
Mr. LYNCH. It may not be germane to
the pending paragraph, but it is certainly ger-
mane to the bill. I willwithdraw it now, and
offer it hereafter where it will be germane.
The Clerk read as follows:
For expenses which may be inourred in acknowl-
edging the services of masters and crews of foroign
vessels in rescuing American citizens from ship-
wreck, $5,000.
Mr.. LYNCH. I move the amendment I
indicated a moment since, to come in after
the parapraph just read.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I raise the point
of order first, that this amendment is not ger-
mane to this provision of the bill; and second,
that it proposes to establish what is not now'
authorized by law—life-saving stations on the
coast of Maine.
Mr. LYNCH. I call the attention of the
Chair to the paragraph just read :
For expenses which may be incurred in acknowl-
edging the services of masters and crows of foreign
vessels in rescuing American citizens from ship-
wreck, $5,000.
This amendment certainly must be germane
to that paragraph. As to the other point
which the gentleman raises, that the amend-
ment embraces new legislation, I call attention
to the fact that a precisely similar provision
with reference to the establishment of life-
saving stations on the coast of Massachusetts
was on a former occasion inserted in an appro-
priation bill, a point of order being, I think,
raised and overruled. At any rate, an existing
law authorizes the Secretary of tbe Treasury
to establish such stations, and to make these
examinations and surveys. Under that law
he has made an examination of these partic-
ular stations; and the Committee on Com-
merce,who have had the subject under con-
sideration, authorized me by a unanimous vote
to report yesterday a bill for this purpose. It
was suggested by one of my colleagues that if
we did not get in that bill yesterday we could
offer the provision as an amendment to this
appropriation bill. I ask for the reading of a
letter from the Secretary of the Treasury rec-
ommending that this appropriation be made.
The CHAIRMAN. Ihe Chair will have to
sustain the point of order; and therefore it will
not be necessary to read the letter.
Mi\ LYNCH. Upon what ground does the
Chair sustain the point of order?
The CHAIRMAN. Upon the ground that
at ail events the amendment is not germane.
Mr. LYNCH. Is not germane to the pend-
ing paragraph?
_ The CHAIRMAN. It is not germane to a
bill regulating foreign intercourse.
Mr. LYNCH, I ask the Clerk to read the
pending paragraph, and I request the particular
attention of the Chair to it.
The Clerk-read as follows:
For expenses which may bo incurred in acknowl-
edging the services of masters and crews of foreign
vessels in rescuing American citizens from ship-
wreck, $5,000.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. If the gentle-
man can see any possible way in which the
building of life-saving stations on our coast
can help in the payment of money to acknowl-
edge the services of masters and crews of
foreign vessels 
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
The Clerk read as follows :
United States and Mexican claims commission :
For salaries of commissioner, umpire, agent,.legal
assistant to agent, secretary, two clerks at M.,400
each, two translators at 81,500 each, messenger, and
assistant messenger, $23,700. *
For contingent expenses, $5,000.
Mr. WILLARD. I would like to ask whether
there is any law providing for this appropria-
tion?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I have under-
stood a bill has been introduced providing for
extending this Mexican claims commission.
But whether that has passed I- do not know.
The chairman of the Committee on Foreign
Affairs would know it better perhaps than I
would. We have appropriated here according
to the estimates sent to us by the Secretary of
State.
Mr. WILLARD. I understand this Mexi-
can claims commission expires by its own
limitations, and there is no provision of law
or treaty for continuing it.
Mr. BANKS. If an appropriation be made
and the commission expire it will not be paid,
but if in the mean time the commission should
be extended, as possibly it will, the appropri-
ation will be necessary.
Mr. SWANN. I move to strike out the
paragraphs relating to the Texan frontier
commission.
The Clerk read as follows:
Texan frontier commission:
For-salaries of three commissioners, at $3,650 each;
secretary, $2,500; translator, $2,500—$15,950.
I'or traveling expenses of thecommissioners, $3,000.
For contingent oxpenscs, $2,500.
Mr. SWANN. I move to strike that out,
the whole subject having been disposed of by
the bill reported by the gentleman from Maine.
Mr. COX. Before the question is taken on
that amendment I desire to say a word in
reference to the Mexican claims commission.
Mr. HALE. Did the gentleman from Mary-
land refer to the Mexican claims commission
or the Texan border commission?
Mr. SWANN. I refer to the Texan border
commission.
Mr. COX. I desire to make some remarks
in reference to the Mexican claims commis-
sion, and I wish to call the attention of the
House to one thing. I will vote for this ap-
propriation. I will vote for all appropriations
to help through these commissions to settle
our claims against foreign Governments.
The CHAIRMAN. What amendment does
the gentleman move?
Mr. COX. I move, pro forma, to reduce
the appropriation one dollar. Mr. Chairman,
this matter as to Mexico has been treated by
the administration of our Government with
a good deal of forbearance. This commission
has been running for more than two years.
Our people have their claims before that com-
mission. They have been passed on after
great expense, great labor—at a great expense
for translations and otherwise—and now, all
at once, when our claims were concluded by
our own commissioner, Mr. Wadsworth, of
Kentucky, the Mexican commissioner dissents
and Mexico breaks up the treaty. It is the
same old Spanish-Mexican bad faith. They
have gt>ne on to Mexico, where they are try-
ing to revive this Mexican claims commission.
The Congress of Mexico has adjourned, and
there will be no chance for any ratification of
a new treaty until May next. In the mean
while it costs our Government to keep this
thing going. It is so with nearly all of our
commissions. I think we have paid $115,000
for the United States and British claims com-
mission. How long will that last? And we
have other commissions going. I think the
House, and the Committee on Appropriations
especially, ought to scrutinize this matter, and
see whether our money shall have its proper
return, and our citizens shall have some show
when we pay money for these tribunals. My
friend on the right from Maryland [Mr. SwannJ
says the Committee on Appropriations have
carefully examined and scrutinized all of these
matters. I wish results to follow these expend-
itures on the part of the Government. It is a
scandal to this country—it is an insult to our
people to allow the Mexican .Government to
break up commissions at its pleasure. We
had the same difficulty with Peru and the same
difficulty with Venezuela. All these commis-
sions with these Spanish-American republics
have had the same results. All these Govern-
ments have been derelict. It was so with the
New Granadian commission, of which I had
some knowledge ; when we had obtained our
awards—I mean Colombia as it was after-
ward—and when our Government assumed
and paid them, and when our Government was
to receive repayment from Colombia by install-
ments. That time has gone by, and although
we had a mortgage on -.the Panama Railroad
Company for our claims, the money has not
yet been repaid by New Granada. I do not
know of any special default on the part of the
State Department, but I think Congress ought
to call attention to the matter. If we ventil-
ated here these Governments which are dis-
credited, or ought to be discredited in South
America, there would be more frequent prompt
payment on their part. Having said this
much, I now withdraw my amendment.
Mr. BANKS. I hope tbe gentleman will
not withdraw bis amendment, as I wish to say
a few words in reply.
Mr. COX. Very well; I do not withdraw
the amendment.
Mr. BANKS. I am not at all surprised to
hear the suggestions of the gentleman from
New York, [Mr. Cox.] There are no doubt
many expenditures that might be avoided or
greatly reduced. But I do not think the gen-
tleman from New York is right in the appli-
cation he has made of his ideas of economy.
The application of a principle is sometimes as
important as the principle itself. The gentle-
man states that he has referred to Mexico
particularly as being upon our borders. Mex-
ico has been laboring under great difficulties.
She has shown great fortitude, great courage,
great patriotism. Our own Government has
not exhibited more vigor and power in defense
of our institutions than Mexico has in de-
fense of hers. Alone, with scarcely a friend
among the nations of the earth, for many
years she has resisted the evils of civil war
and foreign invasion. After repeated revolu-
tions had well-nigh exhausted her resources and
the strength of her people, she was assailed
by the triple alliance, of England, France,
aud Spain, and afterward by the actual inva-
sion of France and Austria. For years she
resented* the armies of the French empire,
sometimes with but a slender hold upon her
own territory, until at length she-expelled the
invaders from her soil. - It cannot be forgotten
by the committee with what resolution aud
fidelity she adhered to the republican form of
government and defended her territory. Her
proximity to us naturally and unavoidably in-
volves our citizens in many controversies with
her people in which it is not easy to decide on
which side the right and wrong rests. There
are so many conflicting interests and aspira-
tions in the border States of the two countries
that it would be almost impossible to avoid
collision of interests. It is necessary that
these controversies should be settled, and set-
tled peacefully. There are people who would
not be unwilling jto encourage the strife which
reckless and interested parties engender, and
by defeating the efforts of peaceful men for the
suppression or settlement of such difficulties
would in the end push us into a war against
Mexico for the purpose of plundering aud
