1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1771
here that you must absolutely prescribe the kind
of stone for fear the Secretary of War will
let contracts for some material that is of no
consequence whatever.
Now. why do we appropriate a million dol-
lars 1 I will call the attention of the Senate
to the fact that the highest bid offered to fur-
nish all the cemeteries, put a headstone at
each grave, of marble, for three hundred-odd
thousa'nd graves, was $979,000—a bid already
made for marble less than a million dollars.
There is no bid here for marble or other dur-
able material that goes much beyond §900,000.
Then we thought a million dollars would cover
the most durable material, and therefore we
appropriate that much, so that the Secretary
of War may select the most durable material
and have ample means to pay for it. Hence
we thought it was not necessary to prescribe
the character of material, but leave it to him,
believing that he had some judgment and dis-
cretion aud some pride and some tagte and
some desire to please the people of the coun-
try, and that therefore he would not be guilty
of the insane act of setting up headstones that
were worthless. Now, for the material that
gentlemen are so afraid will be accepted, the
bid amounted to $477,000, showing clearly
that we had no such thought In .framing this
proposition as that that material should be
selected. If so, we would not have made the
appropriation as we have made it.
So far as I am concerned, I was satisfied with
the views of the Secretary of War; 60 was
our committee. It is not necessary to name
them. We were so well satisfied that there
would be no cheat practiced upon the public
that we were willing to risk his discretion.
But I havfe no objection to gentlemen making
it specific if they desire.
Mr. CORBETT. I did not know but that
the Secretary of War might feel disposed to take
a lower bid ; that there might be complaints i
made that he did not accept the lowest bid; |
and for that reason I want to confine it to a
material that will be satisfactory to the Senate
and what we think will be suitable. For that
reason I propose to confine it to stone. He
can select any desirable durable stone that he
prefers, but 1 do not wish him to select burnt
clay or iron, a thing that will rust and that
will be unsightly and that will not be creditable
to this nation.
Therefore I move to strike out the word
"materia!" in the fifth line, and insert
" stone,'1 so as to confine him to durable stone.
Mr. LOGAN. Allow me to make a sugges-
tion to the Senator. It is entirely unnecessary
to strike out "material" and insert "stone."
"Stone" is already inserted in the amend-
ment.
Mr. CORBETT. I understand that, but I
wish to make this perfectly certain. I do not
wish any question about it. I do not want the
Secretary of War to be able to say that the
word "material" taken in connection here
may allow him to put up something else be-
sides stone or granite, or something of that
kind.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor from Oregon moves to strike out "mate-
rial" aud insert " stoue." The question is on
the amendment to the amendment.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion recurs on the amendment of the Senator
from Illinois as ameuded.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CASSERLY. It is due to myself that
I should show the authority upon which I
stated some time ago in the course of this
debate, a few facts in regard to the compara-
tive expenditure ot' our Army and that ot the
British army. I have since found the tele-
graphic dispatch to which I referred and on
reading it it appears that the estimates for the
present year for the British army are about
fourteen and a half million pounds sterling,
and out of that expenditure have to be pro-
vided for four hundred and forty-eight thousand
men. Of that large number one hundred and
twenty-five thousand men form the regular line.
Then there are one hundred and thirty-nine
thousand militia, thirteen thousand yeomanry,
one hundredand sixty-one thousand volunteers,
and seven thousand first reserves, all of whom
draw more or less money from the army esti-
mates. I get these figures from Whitaker's
Almanac, a reliable authority. Now, sir, the
discrepancy in cost between so vast a body of
men on the footing of the British army in all
its branches and the cost of our Army of less
than thirty thousand men is certainly very
impressive.
The amendments were ordered to be en-
grossed, and the bill to be read a third time.
The bill was read the third time, and passed.
AMENDMENTS TO APPROPRIATION BILLS.
Mr. CORBETT, Mr. HITCHCOCK, Mr.
HAMILTON of Texas, and Mr. ROBERT-
SON submitted amendments intended to be
proposed by them to the bill (H. R. No. 3921)
making appropriations for sundry civil ex-
penses of the Government for the fiscal year
ending June 30, 1874, and for other purposes;
which were referred to the Committee on
Appropriations, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. RAMSEY submitted an amendment
intended to be proposed by him to the bill (H.
R. No. 3922) making appropriations for the
repair, preservation, and completion of cer-
tain public works on rivers and harbors, and
for other purposes; which was referred to the
Committee on Commerce, and ordered to be
printed.
execution of laws in utah.
Mr. EDMUNDS'. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of the bill reported
by my friend from New Jersey, [Mr. Frelixg-
huysen,] Senate bill No. 1540, called the
Utah bill.
Mr. CASSERLY. I should like to have
that bill read for information. I think that is
probably a very serious bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill
will be read.
The Chief Clerk proceeded to read the
amendment of the Committee on the Judi-
ciary reported as a substitute for the bill (S.
No. 1540) in aid of the execution of the laws
in the Territory of Utah, and for other pur-
poses.
Mr. CASSERLY. This bill is much longer
than I supposed it was, and for myself I do
not wish to press the further reading of it.
Mr. CONKLING. I suppose the Senator
from New Jersey does not intend any action
upon the bill to-night.
Mr. WILSON. Oh, yes.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It is not up.
Mr. CONKLING. I am aware that it is
not up. " Some things the court is supposed
to know herself," if my friend will pardon
me. It is not often .that he takes it for granted
that any one else knows anything, but I know
that this bill is not up. If there is.no inten-
tion of acting upon it to-night, I suppose no
Senator will have any objection to its being
taken up. That was the purpose of my sug-
gestion.
Mr. THURMAN. I should like to inquire
before voting on the proposition to take this
bill up, whether another appropriation bill
cannot be ready, in the morning^
Mr. CONKLING. I may as well answer
that as anybody.
Mr; THURMAN. The Committee on Ap-
propriations seem to have disappeared.
Mr. CONKLING. I inquired of the mem-
bers of the Committee on Appropriations and
was told that although they were being diligent
to-night and during the recess, they did not
wish to move another appropriation bill to-
night. They- can do so in the morning.
Mr. THURMAN. Will they not be ready
in the morning?
Mr. CONKLING. I imagine not in the
morning at the commencement of the session,
although I suppose they will be ready before
long.
Mr. FRELING HUYSEN. After the pas-
sage of this bill.
Mr. CONKLING. After the passage of
this bill, or if this bill should rim a consider-
able length of time, they will be very likely
to interfere with it; but they are not ready
to-night, and no action being proposed, I
presume no Senator will object to this bill
being taken up.
But I will say, as I have the floor, my reason
for saying a word about it is, that if the bill is
taken up, and no action is proposed to. night,
I want, if I can, to call up a matter in which
the Senate would have indulged me the other
morning, bat I did not like to have a bill
passed upon my word, a bill which is to enable
a railroad to cross the Genesee river. I have
now in my hand a statement, which is very
brief, and I think no Senator will have any
objection to the bill, which I am appealed to
all the time to ask to have taken up, which, as
1 say, would have passed the other day if I
had been willing to rely on my own statement
and have the Senate act upon it.
The PRESIDING; OFFICER. The pend-
ing motion is to take up the bill which has
been partly read by the Secretary.
Mr. THURMAN. I was going to say in
regard to this Utah bill, that I knew some-
thing about it in the Judiciary Committee.
There are provisions in the bill that I thin k
are wise. There arc other provisions, how-
ever, that it seems to me are unwise ; at least
I am apprehensive that they are unwise. I am
very apprehensive that, instead of avoiding a
conflict in that Territory, those provisions
would precipitate a conflict, or, if they do not
precipitate a conflict, the effect of them would
be to expel from that Territory many thou-
sands of people. I may be totally mistaken
about that, but I am apprehensive that that
will be the case. I do not know any bill that
is much more important than this bill. I have
very great doubts whether it can be matured
at this session and passed, and the subject re-
ceive that consideration that it ought to re-
ceive. I therefore would be very glad for one
that the bill should not be taken up; but I
suppose it will be. I believe it is one of the
bills that it was agreed upon in caucus should
be taken up, and the hole that was knocked in
the pan was not large enough to let that bill
escape.
Mr. CASSERLY. Does the Senator from
Ohio mean to say that the bottom holds as to
this bill?
Mr. THURMAN. I think the bottom holds
as to this bill. That is my impression, and
therefore I do not think there is much use in
opposing the taking of it up; but I should be
very glad if the Senate would agree to get
through all the appropriation bills first.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I think this '
bill is a very important one to the country, and
it is certainly no more than a proper respect
to the recommendation of the Chief Magistrate
that we should consider it. My impression is
that it is so entirely free from anything that is
extreme or fanatical or proscriptive, that it
will commend itself to the good judgment of
all the Seriate, and it certainly ought to be
considered now, because after passing this
body it must go to the House^ of Representa-
tives. The appropriation bilk come to us
from the House of Representatives. This is
a bill which ought to be considered before the
whole Senate, while many of the appropriation
bills can be attended to at an evening session,
, when the Senate is not full, the Committee
j and some others being present. Therefore I
J hope that the bill will be taken up now. I am
i very glad to hear my friend from Ohio say that
j he considers it important and that some parts
