1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
811
destroying her. The people of this country,
I am sure, have no such desire as that. They
want all such troubles between citizens of
the two leading American republics adjusted
with the least possible delay, amicably and
justly, in such manner as to avoid war or
causes of war now and hereafter. It is for
this reason that protracted negotiations have
occurred, that commissions have been ap-
pointed, that apparently unreasonable or un-
necessary delays in the recognition of what
seemed to us the just claims of our citizens
have been submitted to until the patience has
been well-nigh exhausted.
I know very well, sir, that the expenses of
these proceedings must be considerable; but
they are the least of the difficulties involved
in the relations of the two countries; and
there i8 no way of avoiding expenses and
delays so incurred except by plunging these
two Governments, republican and American,
which ought to be friendly, into a war with
each other that might, and probably would,
result in mutual injuries, and end in the sub-
jection of both republics to military or impe-
rial despotisms. To avoid such results is no
easy task. The opposite course is easy and
natural, but it is in conflict with every public
duty and national interest.
VVe must, therefore, show forbearance on
our part toward that republic, as far as it is
possible for us to do so, even though it should
for the moment appear that forbearance had
ceased to be either a duty or a virtue. We
have not, I think, done more than to exercise
such forbearance in our relations with Mexico
and the South American republics. They
have been less favored by us than other for-
eign Governments in other quarters of the
world. Mexico has inflicted no injuries upon
us to be compared with those we suffered from
Great Britain during the late civil war in this
country, and the delay in the recognition of
our rights has been more unreasonable and
far less injurious and offensive. When Spanish
vessels of war chased our merchantmen from
port to port in the Gulf of Mexico, and from
the Gulf and the Caribbean sea to the Atlantic
ocean ; when they were interfering with our
citizens at other points, depriving some of
their rights, some of their liberties, and
threatening the lives of others, as that Gov-
ernment did only a few years ago, and may
again, we did not hear much then of the
necessity of immediate action against the
Spanish Government, nor of the impolicy or
injustice of forbearance.
When the bill was before us the other day
to enable the Government to provide for de-
fense against the Spanish Government gen-
tlemen on all sides of the House, and perhaps
the gentleman from New York [Mr. Cox]
among others, were very earnest in their pro-
tests against strengthening the hands of the
Administration by a manly and limely prep-
aration for the defense of national interests.
Their jealousy of partisan or political advan-
tages overbalanced then their dislike of the
policy of forbearance as against the offending
nation, and led them either to oppose alto-
gether or to labor for the reduction of the
appropriations of the Committee 011 Naval
Affairs for the building of war steamers, so
nf-ei^sary at this time for the defense of our
commercial and national interests. It is
against other stronger and leas friendly Govern-
ments, in another hemisphere, that we are to
seek protection, and not against these repub-
lics on our own continent, which ought to be,
and in the end will be, our allies and triends.
And although 1 agree with the honorable gen-
tleman from New Vork perfectly that there are
unnecessary and corrupt expenditures in vari-
ous branches of the public service and large
and apparently unreasonable appropriations
of public money called for by many of these
commissions, jet there are other expenses
appertaining to our own local administrations
hero at home, that ought to be largely reduced
and some of them abolished before we cutoff
the chances of an amicable settlement of im-
pending personal controversy with such States
as Mexico and other American republics
whose interests and whose destinies are iden-
tical with our own. In all sincerity and good
faith, I say to the gentleman from New York
and the members of this House, that we ought
not to begin by cutting down an appropriation
which i8 certainly intended to secure the
peaceful settlement of the affairs of our citi-
zens with those of Mexico.
There are few nations that have a stronger
claim upon our sympathy, forbearance, and
support, if necessary, than the rulers and peo-
ple of Mexico. It is the fashion of the times
to distrust, depreciate, and denounce them.
But they merit a more considerate and gener-
ous judgment, it indeed it be our right, or that
of other nations, to pronounce judgment upon
them. The past history of Mexico, it is true,
has not been without calamities; but its ab-
solute triumph over nearly all the difficulties
by which it has been surrounded from its
earliest existence, and the progress it has
made, bespeak for it the lenient judgment of
nations, and promises a luminous career for
its people hereafter. Comparing what we
have done ourselves with the advantages we
have enjoyed from the moment our destiny
was fixed upon this continent, we may, and
should generously -and justly credit Mexico
for the progress she has made against the
weight of disadvantages which might have
overwhelmed a less vigorous, persistent, and
determined race.
Her people have not only been obliged to
break the fetters of barbarous traditions and
customs in order to enter upon a career of
Christian civilization, but they have been com-
pelled to reject and destroy the unhappy and
pernicious influences of European systems of
government with which they were borne down
from the period of their subjugation by Spain.
What they have done, whether much or little,
they have done unaided and alone, without
support, without sympathy, without funds. I£
it be less than we conld wish, it is still more
than we have had reason to expect. Of all
States, we have the least right to criticise,
complain, or condemn. However much our
people may have leaned to the cause of
Mexico—and their sympathies have been with-
out question strongly on her side—our Gov-
ernment has been from the first, as now, con-
trolled by European traditions, and has treated
the struggling States of North and South
America as Europe desired we should treat
them, in a manner to cripple their growth and
dwarf their power, instead of aiding them in
their endeavors to imit&te our example, and to
approach if not to rival oar success.
We escaped, from the first, the difficulties
and dangers that attended their very origin,
and received succor and protection from some
of the oldest and ablest European Govern-
ments. Tbey have been left to resist alone
the evils of the benighted religious, political,
and social systems from which they emerged,
and to fight single handed the very States
of Europe that aided us by counsel, contrib-
utions, and armed forces of sea and land, to
conquer our independence. If they approach
or are approaching us our sympathies should
be with them and our demands satisfied.
Our policy should be now what it ought to
have been from the first, to strengthen Amer-
ican civilization, progress, and power, as a
counterbalance, in the scale of nations, to the
European system and policy. Husbanding
our resources and strengthening our position
in this regard with a friendly and firm alliance
with American States, we are sure of per-
petual peace with the rest of the world and
an unparalleled and enduring prosperity.^
The opposite course, separation and isola-
tion of American States, is the policy enforced
upon us in other days by Europe, which im-
perils the security of our position on this con-
tinent now, and subjects us to the designs of
Europe, whatever they may be. hereafter. A
complete community of interests between the
States of the American continent, close com-
mercial relations with the four hundred mil-
lions of industrious and productive people of
eastern Asia, China, and Japan, and that
natural alliance with the British nation which
springs from the enjoyment of the sanie lan-
guage, liberty, and law, would make us not
only masters but benefactors of the world!
No administration has been a;ble completely
to grasp this great destiny, but none has been
so far from it, I fear, as the present. It is
nevertheless onr duty to contend for it against
whatever foes may confront us. The complete
separation of the political interests of the
European and American continents is essen-
tial to the full development of American civil-
ization, prosperity, and power.
With our countenance and support, Mexico
is as competent as we are to perform her part.
The capacity of nations is best tested by the
success of their leading and dominant men.
Mexico has no occasion to shrink from a com-
parison with any State of modern times in
this regard. The character and career of
President Juarez would redeem a people with
far less claim to the respect of the world than
that accorded to those of Mexico. His suc-
cess speaks for the aboriginal races. He was
a full-blooded Indian, of by no means the
most powerful race ; an orphan, without prop-
erty or protector; a shepherd boy. who gained
the rudiments of learning in attending, as a
servant, the children of a wealthy family to and
from school, from which humble but not dis-
honored position he rose to be classed among
the most eminent of the teachers, jurists,
legislators, administrators, and rulers of his
country. He knew how to serve as well as
how to command, and was as self-reliant in
adversity as he was just in prosperity. Exiled
in consequence of his resistance to the usurp-
ations of Santa Anna, he found means of sup-
port as a manufacturer of cigars in New
Orleans. Returning to his country at the first
moment that it was possible to rally his coun-
trymen to the assertion of their rights and the
defense of their liberties, he passed through
all grades of official position, and was sup-
ported for nearly twelve years by the people
as the president and liberator of his country.
The revolutions incited by traitors; the triple
convention of England, France, and Spain
against his country, the actual invasion of its
territory by the empires of France and Aus-
tria. had no terrors for him. With a firmness
and fidelity rarely surpassed, whether with his
armies on the soil of his country or driven to
borders of neighboring States, his fortitude
and his courage never forsook him. The peo-
ple sustained him through all this trial against
domestic aud foreign foes, according to the
forms of law when it was possible to follow
them, and without the forms of law when law
was impossible. His triumph and that of his
country was assured, when, but recently, at
the conclusion of his work, he was summoned
to another world.
His successor, President Tejada, in an equally
honorable though less stormy career, has given
the first proofs of great capacity. He has
already harmonized the hitherto antagonistic
interests and classes of the people, and is lead-
ing them to a more peaceful and nobler
destiny than has ever yet been open to their
ambition. New industries are established,
religious controversies avoided, revolutions
suppressed, the elements of agricultural and
mineral wealth developed, new avenues of
transportation opened, tbe hostility and jeal-
ousy of other nations, so natural to the people,
gradually softened and removed, and all their
iuterests guarded, protected, and enlarged by
a wise and beneficent progressive system of
government, modeled upon our own grand
political institutions and principles.
With such efforts and such prospects there
