1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
813
ation, came to the conclusion that the work of
that commission could be well done and all
completed by June 30, 1873 ; that no appro-
priation would be needed for the succeeding
year. Therefore the committee recommended
and this House passed a deficiency bill, pro-
viding for the continuance of that commission
until the end of the present fiscal year, and
that the services and duties of the commis-
sioners should then cease.
In the examination of that question I had
occasion to look into the report of the com-
missioners. I think I suggested to the gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mr. Butlek] at one
time some of these items to which he has now
called the attention of the committee.^ It is I;
very proper that attention should be given to
that report. I have no doubt the items are I
extravagant; all those that have been read are i
certainly swollen very much beyond_ the actual |
damage. The commission is still going on, but ;
will cease next July, and then its action can
fairly be taken into consideration. I never saw
anything like this swelling of damages in any
other case, unless it may be in the claims that
were presented to the Geneva arbitration from
the State represented by the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Butler.] I believe some
of the whalers presented claims for vessels, for
outfits, for losses by crews, for service of crews;
and the amount looks as though they estimated
also for the whales that they did not catch.
[Laughter.]
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. They did. ,
Mr. HALE. They put them all in, did '
they not?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Yes,
sir; and I would strike them all out. ,
The question being taken on striking out the
paragraph, it was struck out. j
*~*Mr. MONROE. I move to amend by adding
at the end of the bill the following :
Sec. 2. That when any diplomatic or consular
officer of the United States shall die in a foreign
country in the discharge of his duty there shall be
paid to Lis widow, or it no widow survives hiin, then
to his heirs at law, a sum of money equal to the al-
lowance now made to such officer for the timeneces-
sarily occupied in making transit from his post of
duty to his residence in the UnitedStaies. To meet
the expense of this provision there i--: hereby appro-
priated, for the year ending June 30.1874, a sum not
exceeding $5,000.
Mr. Chairman, I desire to occupy a moment
in explaining the object of this provision,
which I offer after a wide consultation with
members of the Committee on Appropriations
and gentlemen connected with the Committee
on Foreign Affairs. It is well known that the
law as it now stands allows any consular or
diplomatic officer of our country abroad, when-
ever he returns home for proper reasons, to
receive his salary for the time actually and
necessarily occupied in'making his transit from
his post of duty to the United States. But if
bodies at his post abroad, bis salary,_ under
existing law, ceases at once. The object of
this provision is, in case of the death of such
an officer abroad, to give to his widow or
orphan children the same amount to which the
officer would have been entitled if he had lived
to make his passage home.
Mr. Chairman, 1 have never in ray life been
acquainted with such cases of hardship and dis-
tress as I have known in connection with our
present law in this respect. In the case of the
better class of our consulships and diplomatic
positions the officer takes his family with him
abroad, as ho should do. This is generally
the case where the salary of the position will
support the family of the officer abroad as well
himself. By and by perhaps the officer dies,
and tin- result is that his_ widow is perhaps
left with her little children in a foreign land, in
circumstance? of absolute beggary, without
one penny to afford the means ol getting home.
1 am well acquainted with this class oi case*,
mid ! know instances in which a widow under
such eii'cuiii nances has been compelled, m
order to get back 10 her relatives in thia
cotinln , lo ne.'ejit the charitable contributions;
of Englishmen, of Frenchmen, and of Ger-
mans, greatly to her own humiliation, but I
must say much more to the discredit of a Gov-
ernment which leaves the family of its dead
officers in that condition abroad.
The gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Wood,] who is a member of the Committee
on Foreign Affairs, told me only a few mo-
ments ago that he was acquainted with a case
where a diplomatic officer of the United States
died at Conslantinople, and the Turkish Gov-
ernment, from motives of pure hmanity,
advanced out of the imperial treasury money
sufficient to send the widow and her little ones
to the United States. I submit to the good
sense of the House that when a faithful officer
dies in the service of our country abroad (and
we have just as faithful officers abroad as any-
where in the world, though their salaries are
often barely sufficient for the support of them-
selves and their families) it is not creditable
to us as a great nation to leave his widow and
children helpless, dependent upon the charity
of foreigners in order to get home.
Mr. SWANN. Mr. Chairman, the com-
mittee make no objection to that amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SWANN. I move that the committee
do now rise and report the bill to the House.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, Mr. Nib-
lack reported that the Committee of the
I Whole oti thestateof the Union had, according
: to order, had the Union generally under consid- .
' eration, and especially a bill (H. R. No. 3258) !
! making appropriations for the consular and j
diplomatic service of the Government for the ;
year ending June 30, 1874, and for other pur- i
poses, and had directed him to report the j
same back with sundry amendments. j
Mr. SWANN demanded the previous ques- j
^ tion on the Mil and amendments. (
II The previous question was seconded and the ,
main question ordered. !
|j The SPEAKER. If a separate vote is not j
ij desired on any one of the amendments they ;
p will be concurred in in gross. j
j] There was no objection ; and it was ordered j
jj accordingly. 1
Ij The bill, as amended, was ordered to be |
ij engrossed and read a third time: and being]
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third j
time, and passed. j
Mr. SWANN moved to reconsider the vote ;
by which the bill was passed : and also moved '
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the ,
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
consular and diplomatic systems.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. 1 desire to get
the floor, to move to go into committee on the
naval appropriation bill.
Mr. BANKS. Mr. Speaker, this day was
assigned for the consideration of a bill (S. No.
472) to amend an act entitled i-An act to
regulate the diplomatic and consular systems
of the United States,'' passed August 18,1856.
and for other purposes. There are several
papers of interest in the hands of the Printer,
which the Committee on Foreign Affairs desire
to see in print before action is taken on this
question, which is an important one, a s it
affects the whole diplomatic and consular
service. I ask the House, therefore, to allow
the further consideration of this bill to be
postponed to some day next week.
The SPEAKER. What day will the gen-
tleman indicate?
Mr. BANKS. Thursday of next week. _
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection,
the further consideration of the bill (S>. No.
47*2) to amend an act entitled "An act to
regulate the diplomatic and consular systems
of "the United States,'' passed August IS. 18oG.
and for other purposes, which was made the
special order for this day after two o'clock, to
the exclusion of ail other business, be post-
poned to Thursday of next week under the
same conditions.
There was no objection; and it was ordered
accordingly.
vienna exposition.
Mr. BANKS. I ask in the mean time,
before yielding to the gentleman from Ohio
to make his motion to go into Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union,
that we take from the table the amendments
of the Senate to House resolution No. 170,
to enable the people of the United States
to participate in the advantages of the inter-
national exposition to be held at Vienna in
1873, to which I think there will be no objec-
tion after the statement which I will make, in
order that the bill may go back to the Senate
for further consideration. The Committee on
Foreign Affairs proposes to make an amend-
ment to the Senate amendment, increasing the
appropriation. The Senate proposed to ap-
propriate $300,000, and the Committee on
Foreign Affairs will move to amend, reducing
it to $200,000, and will also move an amend-
ment changing the appropriation fo r salaries
for commissioners, of whom there are fifteen
provided for in the bill, from $2,000 to $1,000
each. This will be the proposition of the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs, made in good faith,
believing that the House will not be willing to
appropriate $300,000.
| The SPEAKER. Is there objection to these
1 amendments being agreed to and the bill sent
to a committee of conference?
Mr. MANSON. Yes, sir; I object
Mr. BANKS. I did not exactly desire that,
but merely asked that those amendments be
made.
, Mr. FARNSWORTH. I object,
j Mr. BANKS. Allow it to be considered so
| it may be decided and acted on. It is neces-
| sary we should have immediate action, if we
j are to have any action at all.
; Mr. FARNSWORTH. I have no objection
: to action in the House.
| The SPEAKER. The Clerk will read the
:i first amendment of the Senate.
! The Clerk read as follows:
Ij Strike out "one" and insert '* three;" so it will
I! That in order to enable the people of the United
i| States to participate in the advantages of the 111-
i! ternational exhibition of the products of agricul-
j tirre, manufactures, and the fine arts, to be held
! at Vienna in the year 1873, there be, and hereby is,
; appropriated, out of any money in the Treasury not
• I otherwise appropriated, the sum of £ow,UUU, or so
j much thereof as may be necessary for the purpose
i herein specified, which sum shall be expended under
the direction of the Secretary of state.
I Mr. BANKS. I am instructed by the Com-
i, mittee on Foreign Affairs to move to reduce
ii that from $300,000 to $200,000. I desire to
ij say, Mr. Speaker, that the House in the on-
!! ginal joint resolution appropriated $100,000.
i! For the French exposition we appropriated
" $150,000. The Committee on Foreign Affairs
now propose to reduce this amount to $200,000,
which we think, on full examination; will be
sufficient for this Vienna, exposition, loe
expense is somewhat larger than in the case
of the French exposition, because the dis-
tance is greater and the charge for freights
higher.
Mr. ICILLINGER. Was it not the arrange-
ment originally, in regard to the appointment
of the commissioners, that no salary should
be drawn from tbe United States Treasury for
their payment?
Mr. BANKS. It is not to pay the commis-
sioners that this appropriation is made. It
is merely for incidental expenses, freight,
rent of buildings, and other expenses of that
character.
I Mr. KILLINGER. I understood_ that it
[ was proposed to pay a certain sum to the com-
1 missionersV
1 Mr. BANKS. The gentleman is referring
! to another provision, to which his attention
I will be called by and by. This is simply for
! incidental expenses.
