187$.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1773
the cities of Covington and Paducah, in
the State of Kentucky. It provides that
the terjns of the United States circuit and
district courts hertofore held in Covington,
Kentucky, op the third Monday in April, shall
hereafter be.held there on the second Monday
in May; and the terms of the courts heretofore
held in Paducah, Kentucky,,on the third Mon-
day in March, shall hereafter be held there
on the second Monday in April.
The bill wag reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
courts in alabama.
Mr. SPENCER. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the Senate to take up Senate bill No.
1596. It is a local bill concerning the circuit
and district courts in the northern and middle
districts of Alabama, and has been reported
favorably from the Committee on the Judi-
ciary.
There being no objection the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (S. No. 1598) relating to the cir-
cuit and district courts of the United States
for the middle ai)d northern districts of Ala-
bama.
The bill proposes to repeal bo much of any
act or acts of Congress as vests in the district
court of the United States for the middle dis-
trict of Alabama, and the district court of the
United States for the northern district of Ala-
bama, the power and jurisdiction of a circuit
court. It also declares all civil causes, actions,
suits, executions, pleas, process, a^d other
proceedings now pending in the district courts
of the United States for the middle and north-
ern districts of Alabama, which might have
been brought and would have been originally
cognizable in a circuit court, to be transferred
to the circuit court of the district of Alabama;
and the clerks of the district courts are to
transmit all the original papers in such causes,
and a complete transcript of all the dockets,
minutes, orders, judgments, and decrees in
such causes, as the same appear of record in
the district courts, to the circuit court of the
United States at Mobile, Alabama.
' Nothing in this act contained is to apply to
any indictment found by a grand jury and now
pending in either of the district courts; nor is
anything contained in it to affect the jurisdic-
tion or power of the Supreme Court of the
United States to hear and determine any cause
or proceeding now pending in the Supreme
Court on writ of error or appeal from either
of the district courts for the middle and north-
ern districts of Alabama,
Hereafter the circuit court of the United
States for the district of Alabama is to exer-
cise appellate and revisory jurisdiction over
the decrees and judgments of the district
courts of the United States for the middle
district of Alabama and the northern district
of Alabama, under the laws of the United
States conferring and regulating the jurisdic-
tion, powers, and practice of the circuit courts
in eases removed into the courts by appeal or
writ of error.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment.
Mr. STOCKTON. I should like to know
where this bill comes from. Has it been re-
ported by the Committee on the Judiciary ?
Mr. SPENCER. It has been reported by
that committee.
Mr. CASSERLY. Which district court in
Alabama is it that is divested of circuit court
jurisdiction ?
Mr. SPENCER. Neither. It gives the
northern aud middle district courts circuit
court jurisdiction. At present the circuit court
has no jurisdiction in the middle and northern
districts of Alabama.
Mr. THURMAN. I will explain it in a
moment.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The bill is entirely satis-
factory to both the Senators from Alabama, I
will state to the Senator from California.
Mr. SPENCER. It was introduced by mj
colleague.
Mr. THURMAN. The bill is this: the
district judge in Alabama had under the ori-
ginal law circuit court powers. Since that
time we have created a circuit judge down
there, and Judge Woods holds the office; but
the law authorizing the district judge to exer-
cise circuit court pawers remains unrepealed,
so that Judge Busteed can exercise circuit court
powers. This bill proposes to put him where
other district judges remain, a district judge,
and let the circuit court be held by Judge
Woods. That is what I understand to be the
bill, and it is a very meritorious bill.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, was read the third time, and
texas pacific railroad.
Mr. STEWART. I desire to have a little
bill passed in regard to the Texas Pacific rail-
road. The committee propose a substitute for
the bill. I sesd it up to the Chair and ask to
have it read. There is no Credit Mobilier in
this. It is Senate bill No. 1537, supplemental
to an act entitled " An act to incorporate the
Texas Paeific Railroad Company, and to aid
in the construction of its road, and for other
purposes," approved March 3, 1871.
Mr. WRIGHT. I think it is about time to
adjourn, and I move an adjournment.
Mr. STEWART. I hope not. Let this
bill be read.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I hope the Senator
will withdraw that motion for a moment.
.Mr. CRAGIN. We need a short executive
session.
, Mr. WRIGHT. Let us have a vote of the
Senate to see whether we will adjourn or not.
Mr. STEWART. Let this bill be read,
and then if the Senator has any objections to
it I shall not insist upon it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The S«n-
ator from Iowa insists on the motion to
adjourn.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I hope the Senator
will allow me to make a remark in regard to
a bill that I hold in my hand.
Mr. WRIGHT. Every Senator here seems
to have some business, and i suppose there
will be no chance in the world for an adjourn-
ment when everybody has so much business
to present. I will take the sense of the Sen-
ate on the motion to adjourn.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Iowa mov^s that the Senate do now
adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. STEWART. Now I ask that the sub-
stitute reported by the Committee on the
Pacific Railroad to Senate bill No. 1637, which
I have sent to the desk, be read.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That bill is altogether
too important and lacks altogether too many
guards in the way of subsequent legislation for
us to act upon it to-night. I am sorry to dis-
agree with my honorable friend from Nevada
about it; but I should certainly feel bound to
oppose the bill in its present form, as a* matter
of duty, and therefore I do not think we ought
to take it up with another measure pending.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator object to the bill being taken up as the
Utah bill is pending?
Mr. EDMUNDS. The Senate is almost
empty. 1 think 1 must, object.
Mr. STEWART. Before it passes away
from the Senate I desire to say that this meas-
ure is quite important for the building of the
Texas Pacific railroad. It is one of the most
important measures that now press upon the
I Senate. Our expenses in that country tor
I Army and Indian supplies are enormous, and
i it is very important to get that road through.
It has oo connection now with San Francisco,
but simply gogg to San Diego. It is ascer-
tained that in ,order to secure the necessary
eapital to build the road* San Franciscoaaust
be the terminus. It 'is almost impracticable
to build the road unless it has the right of
Way or some arrangement to go to San Fran-
cisco. This bill would add very .much to the
crsdit of the road and the prospect of building
it. There is ho Subsidy in it. The land grant
they have got is tor a very short distanee, and
they have but very little land. On most of
the route of the road they have no land grant.
Mr. CASSERLY. I understands if the Sen-
ator will allow me, that there is no land grant
in this bill.
Mr. STEWART. There is none whatewr
in the bill. I say the railroad is not strongly
endowed. There is no particular grant! in
this bill, but they must secure facilities to go
to San Francisco in order to make them strong
enough so that the road can be built. I feel
a great interest in having the road built. I
think it will tend to develop every part of onr
country.
Mr. SPRAGUE. 1 should like to hear the
views of the Senator from Texas on this sub-
ject. The bill concerns his State more than
any other.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If we are to discuss the
merits on a motion to take up the bill, I am
quite willing to devote my time in that way ;
but with the Senate so thin as it- is now, I do
not think it proper to consider this bill. If
we were to go into the merits, I think I could
point out, with all respect'to my friend from
Nevada and my other friends, if it would not
be offensive tb the Senator for mg to state my
views 
Mr. STEWART. Not at all.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I know it is not to my
friend but it is to others sometimes—the objec-
tions that occur to me to it; I may be entirely
wrong, but such as I sincerely feel ? and there-
fore I am certain he will excuse me for Stating
them.
Mr. STEWART. One* objection carries it
oyer. I will try to get it up to-morrow. If
it cannot be considered to-morrow it will fail,
and it will delay the enterprise for another
year. I think the importance of the enterprise
will commend it to the Senate, and I hope
they will allow me to take it up to-morrow.
henry s. welles.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I beg leave to make
a statement before I ask the Senate to take up
the bill I have in my hand. Henry S. Welles
agreed with the Government to remove ob-
structions to the harbor and river of Savan-
nah. The Secretary of the Treasury, if I am
not mistaken ,in the officer, in making that
contract agreed that he should have a portion
of the proceeds of the sale of the property
which was taken from that river and that har-
bor, That contract was fulfilled on the part
of Mr. Welles, but when the Secretary came
to pay him in accordance with the contract,
the law officer determined that he had no
right to take this property and dispose of it in
accordance with the contract, and therefore he
was obliged to refuse to carry out the contract.
The bill which I propose to take up is a bill
to authorize the settlement of that account,
and I ask that it may be taken up. It is Sen-
ate bill No. 1(523. -
Mr. EDMUNDS. Before that is done I
wish to ask whether it is possible for the Judi-
ciary Committee to have unanimous consent
to dispose of the Chicago bill; and a little bill
about Arkansas, and a bill about the counsel
before the arbitra|ion, none of which are par-
ticularly local, but all of which are designed to
save a little money to the Treasury, and to
which I believe there is no serious objection.
I merely wish to say in ail seriousness that if
we cannot go to the Calendar of eases to which
no Senator when he hears them has any serious
