814
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 23,
Mr. RANDALL. I hope the House will
simply non-concur without appointing a con-
ference committee.
Mr. BANKS. We do not ask for a com-
mittee of conference. I will state to the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania that if we simply
non-concur the bill will go to a committee of
conference, and we will run the risk of having
to accede to the appropriation of $300,000.
Mr. RANDALL. That is what I want to
avoid.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Will we not have
the same chance to avoid making that appro-
priation upon the report of a committee of
conference as we have now ?
Mr. BANKS. There will not be the same
chance then. The Committee on Foreign
Affairs, having considered the subject, believe
that $200,000 is sufficient, and that it is all the
House will grant; and we expect the House
will insist upon that.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. All we appropriated
was $100,000. The Senate increased that to
$300,000. And this 'proposition of the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts seems to me like
splitting the difference.
Mr. B4NKS. It is very like that.
Mr. FARNSWORTH* If the Senate had
increased the amount to ten hundred thou-
sand, I suppose we would have been recom-
mended to split the difference by making the
amount five hundred thousand.
Mr. BANKS. Oh, no.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The expenses of
this commission may be swollen to any amount.
They may be millions, or they may be $200,-
000; or they may be less thau $100,000.
Whatever amount they can get Congress to
appropriate will of course be expended. It
was the understanding, when this thing was
first started, that we should not becalled upon
to make appropriations; that these commis-
sioners were to serve without salaries. And
indeed a gentleman might consider himself
very fortunate in havijig an opportunity of
going to the Vienna exposition, with his ex-
penses paid, without a salary. But they have
asked for more and more. First they wanted
a ship to carry over the commissioners and
the artisans. Then they wanted two ships.
Then they wanted $100,000 for expenses; and
next they wanted $800,000—the commission-
ers also to get salaries of $2,000 a year besides
their expenses. It is a speculation. It is to
make these commissioners grand fellows, that
they may go. there in style, and have a good
time. I do not propose to tax my constit-
uents for any such purpose. If the owners
of patent-tights desire to present their inven-
tions there at the exposition, let them pay for
carrying them over.
Mr. BANKS. The gentleman certainly is
in error. The bill provides that the commis-
sioners shall serve the Government without
receiving any salary whatever. Pending that
provision the House ordered that twelve arti-
sans—and tbe gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Faukswobth] did not object—should be sent
over at an expense of $1,000 each. The
Senate has added to that provision s provision
for' five scientific men, and has increased the
salary to $2,000. We propose to get it down
to $1,000, because we think that is enough. I
now move the previous question.
Mr. RANDALL. Pending the call for the
previous question, I move to lay the bill on the
table.
The question was put on the motion to lay
the bill on the table; and there were—ayes 51,
noes 72.
Mr. RANDALL. I demand the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was cfeeided
in the negative—yeas 60, nays 124, not voting
57 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Acker, Adams, Ambler, Archer,
Arthur. Beatty, Erasmus W. Beck, James B. Beck,
Eiggs, Bird, Blight, Caldwell, Cubuni, Crabs, Cioss-
land, Davis, Dox, Duke, Farnsworth, Forker, Qetz,
Giddings, Hambleton, Handley, Hanks, John i.
Harris, Hereford, Herndon, Kerr, Killmger, Lam-
ison. Leach, Lewis, Maclntyre, Manson. Marshall,
McClelland, McCormick, McIIenry, MojSTeely, Ben-
jamin P. Meyers, Morgan, Niblack, Hosea W. Par-
ker, Price, Randall, Read, Slater, Sprague, Stevens,
Storm, Terry, Turner, Tuthill, Tyner, Van Trump,
Vaughan, Voorhees, Waldron, and Young—60.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, AveriU, Banks, Barber,
Barnum, Bell, Bingham, Boles, Braxton, Buckley,
Buffinton, Bunnell, Burdett, Roderick It. Butler,
Carroll, Cobb, Coghlan, Comingo, Cotton, Cox,
Critcher, Crocker, Darrall, Dawes, Donnan, Duel],
Dunnell, Barnes, Eldredge, Ely, Esty, Farwell,
Finkelnburg, Charles Foster, Garfield, G-arrett, Got-
laday, Haldeman, Halsey, Hancock, Harmer, Har-
per, John B. Hawley, Joseph R. Hawley, Hay. Hays,
Gerry W. Hazelton, John W. Hazelton, Hibbard,
Hill, Hooper, Houghton, Kellogg, Kendall, Ketch-
am, King, Iiinsella, Lamport, Lansing, Lynch, May-
nard, McCrary, McGrew, McJunkm, McKee, Mer-
riam, Mitchell, Monroe, Moore, Morey. Leonard
Myers, Negley, Packer, Palmer, Pendleton, Perce,
Piatt, Poland, Porter, Potter, Prindlc, Rainey, Ed-
ward Y. Rice, Ellis H. Roberts, William R. Roberts,
Sion H. Rogers, Roosevelt, Rusk, Sargent, Sawyer,
Scofield, Sessions. Shanks, Sheldon, Sherwood, Sho-
ber. Shoemaker, Sloss, John A. Smith, Worthington
C. Smith, Snapp, Speer, Starkweather, Stevenson,
Stoughton, Stowell, St. John, Sutherland, Taffe,
Dwight Townsend, Washington Townsend, Upson,
Waddell, Waketnan, Walden, Wallace, Wheeler,
Whiteley, Whitthorne, Wiliard, Williams of In-
diana. John T. Wilson, Winchester, and Wood—124.
NOT VOTING —Messrs. Barry, Bigby, Austin
Blair, James G. Blair, Boarman. Brooks, Burchard,
Benjamin F. Butler, Campbell, Clarke, Conger,
Conner, Oreely, De Large, Dickey, Dodds, DuBose,
.Elliott, Henry D. Foster. Wilder D. Foster. Frye,
Goodrich, Griffith, Hale, George E. Harris, Havens,
Hoar. Holman. Kelley, Lowe, McKinney, Merrick,
Morphis, Orr, Packard, Isaao C. Parker, Peck, Perry,
Peters, John M. Rice, Ritchie, Robinson, John
Rogers, Seeley, Shetlabarger, Slocum, II. Boardman
Smith, Snyder, Swann, Sypher, Thomas, Twichell,
Walls, Warren. Wells, Williams of New York, and
Jeremiah M. Wilson—57.
So the House refused to lay the bill on the
table.
The question recurred upon seconding the
demand for the previous question.
Mr. COBURN. Before the previous ques-
tion is seconded, I desire to offer an amend-
ment. :t,
Mr. BANKS. I will hear what it is.
Mr. COBURN. It is to strike out " $200,-
000" and insert "$150,000."
Mr. BANKS. I do not wish to yield for that
amendment, because the sum is not enough.
Mr. RANDALL. I would inquire whether,
if the previous question be voted down, it will
not be in order for the gentleman to offer that
amendment?
The SPEAKER. The Chair presumes it
will be.
The question was put upoti seconding the
previous question, and no quorum voted.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Banks and
Mr. Randall were appointed.
The House divided, and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 79, noes 59.
So jbe previous question was seconded.
The main question was then ordered to be
put, being upon concurring in the amendment
of the Senate with an amendment.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Is the motion to
concur in the amendment with an amendment
the first question to be put? Is not a motion
to non concur first in order ?
The SPEAKFCR. There is no such motion
known to the rules as a motion to non-concur.
Should the House refuse to concur in the
amendment with an amendment, the next
question will be on concurring without amend-
ment, and a negative vote on that question
would be a non-concurrence, and would be so
entered upon the Journal.
The question was put; and there were—ayes
73, noes 62.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I ask for the yeas
and nays, and I desire to make an inquiry, as
there seems to be a misunderstanding. It is
tins : if this vote is carried, wiil there be still
another question put to the House, on con-
curring in the amendment of the Senate as
amended ?
The SPEAKER. There is not. This mo-
tion is to concur in the amendment with an
amendment to reduce the appropriation- from
"$300,000" to " $200,000."
Mr. FARNSWORTH. That is to increase it
$100,000 over the amount fixed by the House.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 108, nays 63, not
voting 70; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Averill, Banks, Barnum, Erasmus
W. Beek, Bingham, James G. Blair, Braxton, Buck-
ley, Buffinton, Burdett, Carroll, Cobb, Coghlan,
Crocker, Dawes, Donnan, Duell, Dunnell, Eames,
Ely, Esty, Farwcll. Finkelnburg, Charles Foster,
Garfield, Golladay, Griffith, Haldeman, Halsey, Han-
cock, Harmer, Harper, George E. Harris, John i.
Harris, Havens, John B. Hawley, Joseph E.. Haw-
ley, Gerry W. Haz'elton, John W. Hazelton. Hern-
don, Hill, Hoar, Hooper, Houghton, Kelley, Kellogg,
Kendall, Killinger, Kmsella. Lamport, Lansing,
Leach, Lynch, Maynard, McGrcw, McJunkm, Mc-
Kee, Benjamin F. Meyers. Mitchell. Monroe, Moore,
Morey, Leonard Myers,. Negley, Packard, Packer,
Isaac C. Parker, Pendleton, Perce, Piatt, Poland,
Porter, Price, Prindle, Ellis H. Roberts, William R.
Roberts, Sion H. Rogers, Roosevelt, Rusk, Sargent,
Sawyer, Scofield, Sessions, Sherwood, Shoemaker,
John A. Smith, Snapp, Speer, Starkweather, Ste-
venson, Stoughton, Stowell. St. John, Sutherland,
Taife, Dwight Townsend, Washington Townsend,
Twichell, Upson, Waddell. Wakeman, Wallace,
Wells, Wheeler, Wiliard, Williams of Indiana, John
T. Wilson, and Winchester—108.
NAYS—Messrs. Acker, Adams, Ambler, Archer,
Arthur, Barber, Beatty, James B. Beck, Bell, Bird,
Austin Blair, Bright, Burchard, Coburn, Conger,
Crebs, Crossland, Davis, Dox, Duke, Farnsworth,
Forker, Wilder D. Foster, Getz, Giddings, Hamble-
ton, Hanks, Ilay, Hereford,Hibbard, Iloiman,Kerr,
Ketcham, King, Lamison, Lewis, Manson, Mar-
shall, McClelland, McCormick, McHenry, Merriam,
Morgan, Niblack. Orr, Hosea W. Parker, Randall,
Read, Edward Y. Rice, Slater, Worthington C.
Smith, Sprague, Stevens, Storm, Terry, Tuthill,
Tyner, Vaughan, Walden, Waldron, Whitthorae,
Wood, and Young—63.
NOT VOTING —Messrs. Ames, Barry. Bigby,
Biggs, Boarman, Boles, Brooks, Bunnell, Benjamin
F. Butler, Roderick R. Butler. Caldwell, Campbell,
Clarke, Comingo, Conner, Cotton, Cox. Creely,
Critcher. Darrall, De Large. Dickey, Dodds, DuBose,
Eldredge, Elliott, Henry D. Foster, Frye, Garrett,
Goodrich, Hale, Handley, Hays, Lowe, Maclntyre,
McCrary, McKinney, McNeely, Merrick, Morphis,
Palmer, Peck, Perry, Peters, Potter, Rainey, John
M. Rice, Ritchie, Robinson, John Rogers, Seeley,
Shanks, Sheldon, Shellabarger, Shober, Slocum,
Sloss, H. Boardman Smith, Snyder. Swann, Sypher,
Thomas, Turner, Van Trump, Voorhees, Walls
Warren, Whiteley, Williams of New York, and
Jeremiah M. Wilson—70.
So the amendment of the Senate was con-
curred in with an amendment.
During the roll-call,
Mr. HANDLEYsaid: I am paired upon this
question with my colleague Mr. Hays ; he is
in favor of this bill and I am opposed to it,
with amendment or without amendment.
Mr. MACINTYRE said: I am paired upon
this question with Mr. Sloss ; if he were here
he would vote "ay" and I should vote
"no."
The result of the vote was announced as
above recorded.
Mr. BANKS moved to reconsider tbe vote
just taken ; and also moved that the motiou to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. BANKS. I now move that the amend-
ment of the Senate fixing the salaries of com-
missioners at $2,000 each be concurred in,
with an amendment reducing the salaries to
$1,000, or the same as provided in the House
bill.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BANKS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the amendment was concurred in;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FRO&I TIIE SKNATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Sympso^,
one of its clerks, announced that the Senate
had passed, without amendment, Hou^e bills
of the following titles:
An act (H. R. No. 2435) granting a pension
to Ann C. Butler;
An act (H. R. No. 2442) granting a pension
to Charles B. Fairchild ;
An act (H. K. No. 2443) granting a pension
to Wesley Hensley;
An act (H. R. No. 2445) granting a pension
to Susan Schofield:
