1774:
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February-^,
objection, and therefore to which he does not
feel bound to object, we shall not do justice to
bills that are reported in any fair order, because
it is haphazard to take up these bills in this
way. Every one of them may be meritorious;
but it seems to me not to be fair to go out of
the order in which bills are reported and put
on the Calendar for action to take up these
unobjected cases; and I have tried in respect
of one of these bills for two days to get it up
and have it passed. My friend from California,
[Mr. Cole,J as he had a perfect right to do, I
am not complaining of it at all, objected;
although he has no objection to the bill I sup-
pose, and if the same rule is to be practiced as
to all others, then of course we shall under-
stand it; but if it is not, I should be very glad
at some time when it is agreeable to the Senate
to have these matters which I have been in-
structed to report and which, as I say, do not
put money into anybody's pocket, but try to
keep a little in the Treasury, considered. I
am not going to object to my friend's bill. I
only put in a plea for the consideration of these
bills when it is convenient.
Mr. COLE. I think we ought to go to the
Calendar. I do not think it is fair that these
bills should be taken up out of their order on
the Calendar. I have now in my desk several
bills that are on the Calendar that may be
reached in a little while, and they ought to be
acted upo.n.
Mr. CONKLING. Why do you not move
them ?
Mr. COLE. The Senator asks why I do not
move them. I do not want to be struggling
for the floor all the time, and it is a very irk-
some duty, particularly for' me, to ask the Sen-
ate to consider them. I think the Calendar
ought to be considered iu the usual way and
everybody have a fair chance, and let bills be
reached in their order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there
objection to the consideration of the bill
named by the Senator from Connecticut?
The Chair hears no objection.
The bill (S. No. 1623) for the relief of Henry
S. Welles was read the second time and con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole. It
directs the Secretary of the Treasury to settle
with and pay Henry S. Welles any amount,
not exceeding $250,000, that may be found
equitably his due for expenditures made by
him under his contracts of May 1 and July
5, 1866, for removing obstructions from the
Savannah river and improving the harbor
prior to the date of the annullmentof the con-
tracts by the Secretary of the Treasury, after
deducting the amount that he has received.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let the report be read.
Mr. STOCKTON. I object to the passage
of any bill appropriating $250,000.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator is too late in his objection. The bill is
before the Senate.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. I thought
it was read for information.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
asked if there was objection. Senators wiH
bear out the Chair in that, statement.
Mr. STOCKTON. I was not aware that it
was a bill appropriating $250,000. If the Sen-
ate of the United State desires to appropriate
$250,000 without permitting an objection, I
have nothing to say. I thought I arose_ in
time. My objfect was to prevent that being
done in the present condition of the Senate at
this time of night without my knowing, and
probably without five gentlemen in the Senate
knowing, what that money is to be appropri-
ated for.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill is be-
fore the Senate as in Committee of the Whole.
The Senator from Vermont has asked for the
reading of the report.
Mr. WRIGHT. I call for the regular order,
which I understand to be pending before the
Senate. I desire to say that while I am very
reluctant to do anything that shall interpose
an objection by implication even to the bill of
the Senator from Connecticut, iri view of the
amount to be appropriated by this bill and
my belief that the Senate ought not to act upon
this or any other bill at this time of night in
view of the number of hours that we have
been here, I move that the Senate do now
adjourn; and I call for a division on the
motion.
Mr. CRAGIN. I appeal to the Senator
from Iowa to withdraw that motion and allow
me to move that' the Senate proceed to the
consideration of executive business for a fetf
moments. There are a large number of nom-
inations on' the table that ought to be referred.
Several Senators. That is right.
Mr. WRIGHT. I insist upon my motion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor from Iowa insists on the motion to
adjourn.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. What has
become of the bill submitted by the honorable
Senator from Connecticut, the Senator from
Iowa having called for the regular order of
business?
Mr. EDMUNDS. That was displaeed and
the Utah bill is now before the Senate.
The PRESIDING. OFFICER. The Utah
bill is the regular order. The other bill was
pending by unanimous consent before the Sen-
ate. The Senator from Iowa moves that the
Senate do now adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to ; there being
on a division—ayes 16, noes 26.
executive session.
Mr. SPENCER. I move that we proceed
with the Calendar.
Mr. CRAGIN. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive
business.
The motion wag agreed to; and the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of executive
business. After ten minutes spent in execu-
tive session the doors were reopened, and
(at ten o'clock and fifty-five minutes p. m.)
the Senate adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, February 26, 1873.
The Senate met at eleven o'cloek a. m.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. P. New-
man, D. D.
On motion of Mr. EDMUNDS, and by unan-
imous consent, the reading of the Journal of
yesterday's proceedings was dispensed with.
geneva award.
The Senate proceeded to consider the amend-
ment of the Hous§ of Representatives to the
bill (S. No. 1203) creating a commission to
adjust the compensation of the several claim-
ants for damages for depredations by rebel
cruisers, to be discharged out of the indemnity
fund awarded by the tribunal of arbitration at
Geneva, to be paid by Great Britain to the
United States.
On motion by Mr. EDMUNDS, it was
Jiesolved. That the Senate disagree to the amend-
jDent of the House of Representatives to the said
bill, and ask a conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses thereon.
By unauimous consent, it was
Ordered, That conferees on the part of the Senate
be appointed by the Vice President.
Mr. Edmunds, Mr. Carpenter, and Mr.
Thurman were appointed the committee of
conference on the part of the Senate.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan, presented a res-
olution of the Legislature of Michigan, asking
for an extension of pensions to all surviving
soldiers of the war of 1812; which was referred
to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. VICKERS presented the memorial of •
Clement Sullivan, of Cambridge, Maryland,
publisher of the Cambridge Chronicle, remon-
strating against the passage of the bill before
Congress regulating the postage on printed
matter; which was referred to the Cotamittee
oh Post Offices and Post Roads. ,
Mr. HOWE presented the memorial of T.
C. Ankens, publisher of the Wisconsin Inde-
pendent, of Vernon county, Wisconsin, re-
monstrating against the passage of the bill
before Congress regulating the postage on
printed matter; which was referred to the
Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
He also presented resolutions of the Cham-
ber of Commerce of the city of Milwaukee,
Wisconsin, on the subject of bridging the
Detroit river; which were referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland, presented
the memorial of Hugh Jenkins & Co., and
others, citizens of Baltimore, remonstrating
against the passage of any law in relation to
the Geneva.award which may discriminate
against any class of citizens, trade, or profes-
sion ; which was ordered to lie on the table.
REPORTS OP COMMITTEES
Mr. PRATT, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom were referred the following peti-
tions, memorials, and resolutions, asked to be
discharged from their further consideration;
which was agreed to:
A petition of the Grand Army of the Re-
public, in favor of the passage" of House bill
No. 511; _ '
A memorial of the Ladies' Union Relief
Association of New York, asking the repeal
of section six of the pension act of July 4,
1864;
A resolution of the Legislature of New
York, remonstrating against any reduction
of the pay or pension of certain veteran sol-
diers ;
A petition of soldiers and seamen of the war
of 1812, praying for a modification of the pen-
sion laws;
A petition of J. F. Caldwell, graying that
the provisions of an act to pension the sol-
diers of the war of 1812 maybe extended to a
company of volunteer cavalry raised by Henry
St. George Tucker to defend the national
capital from British invaders; and
Resolutions of the Grand Army of the
Republic, favoring the passage of House bill
No. 511, fixing the time for the filingof appli-
cations for pensions.
He also, from the same'committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R.No. 8841) granting
a pension to Harper Smith, reported it without
amendment.
He also, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No.
3870) for the relief of Mark Davis, reported it
with an amendment; and submitted a report
thereon, which was ordered to' be printed.
Mr. MACHEN, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred the bill (H, R.
No. 3874) for the relief of Benjamin Craw-
ford, reported it without amendment.
Mr. CARPENTER, from the Committee
on the Judiciary, to whom was referred the
bill (S. No. 1559) to abolish the eastern judi-
cial district of Wisconsin, reported it 'with an
amendmeut.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I wish to state that I do
not concur in the report of the committee in
that case.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will
be placed on the Calendar.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am instructed by the
Committee on the Judiciary, to whom was re-
ferred the bill (H. R. No. 2781) for the relief
of Henry A. F. Worth, to report the same
adversely. The committee instruct me to say
that they regret extremely that they are un-
able to find in favor of this small claim ; it is
only $200; but on making inquiry at the
Treasury Department it does not appear that
this gentleman has any right to the money that
he claims.
