1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1*75
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
dissent, the bill will be indefinitely postponed.
Mr. POOL. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, to whom was referred
the bill (S. No. 1643) to amend an act entitled
"An act to establish a western judicial district
of North Carolina," favorably, and as it is a
private matter I should be glad to have it put
on its passage now.
Mr. EDMUNDS. My friend knows that I
would not object to anything that he wants if
I could conscientiously assent to it; but I do
hope that we shall proceed with the Calendar
and go on with it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Calendar
will be reached in a few moments if there be
no further morning business.
Mr. DAVIS. The Committee on Claims to
whom was referred the bill (H. R. No. 3862)
for the relief of the heirs and next of kin of
Colonel William Northege, deceased, have
had the same under consideration, and have
directed nte to report it back and ask that it
be placed on the Calendar withont recom-
mendation.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
placed on the Calendar.
Mr. HOWE. The Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the bill (H. R. 3583)
making appropriations for the payment of
claims reported allowed by the commissioners
of claims under the act ofCongressofMarch3,
1871, have directed me to report back the bill
and recommend certain amendments to be made
to the bill, but without any recommendation
as to whether the bill shall pass or not. The
bill came to the committee quite late. It
makes an appropriation to pay a very large
number of claims. Of course it was utterly
impossible for the committee to examine any
considerable number of those claims. Each
member of the committee did, however, look
over one or more of them in order to form an
opinion as to the general character of the
awards. Several members of the committee
took exception to the allowances made, and
although we do not recommeud any action
even in reference to the claims examined, yet
we found such a departure in some cases from
the principles which have guided the Commit-
tee on Claims that we did not feel authorized
upon the slight examination we were able to
give to the matter to add to the recommenda-
tion of the claims commission the recommen-
dation of the Committee on Claims. We
therefore submit the bill to stand upon the
award of the commission and the approval of
the House of Representatives.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
placed on the Calendar.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. OSBORN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1646) for the relief of General J. 'B. Kins-
man ; which was read twice by its title, ^re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1647) amendatory of the ninth section ot
the act of July 13, 1866, concerning^ deposits
in savings banks ; which was read twice Dy its
title, referred to the Committee on Finance,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. GOLDTHWAITEasked, and by unani-
mous consent obtained, leave to introduce a
bill (S. No. 10-18) to better regulate the Uni-
ted States district courts in and for the State
of Alabama; which was read twice by its
title, referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, and ordered to be printed.
RAILWAY FROM ATLANTIC TO MISSISSIPPI.
Mr. WRIGHT submitted the following res-
olution ; which wah considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
/{,-soli-id, Tbat the Committee on Transportation
Koutes be instructed to inquire into the propriety ot
providing fertile construction of a brst-class double
track railway from the Atlantic seaboard to some
point on the Mississippi or Missouri river, with the
consent of the States through which the same shall
run, said road to be operated under the direction
and subject to the control of the United States, and
in such manner as far as possible as to cheapen
transportation, and make the use of said road valu-
able to all persons sending transportation over the
same,
AMENDMENTS TO APPROPRIATION BILLS.
Mr. ANTHONY,Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN,
and Mr. ROBERTSON submitted amendments
intended to be proposed by them to the bill (H.
R. No. 3921) making appropriations for sun-
dry civil expenses of the Government for the
fiscal year ending June 30,1874, and for other
purposes; which were referred to the Com-
mittee on Appropriations, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. JOHNSTON, Mr. HAMITON of Mary-
land, Mr. RICE, Mr. SPRAGUE, Mr.'OS-
BORN, and Mr. HILL submitted amend-
ments intended to be proposed by them to the
bill (H. R. No. 3922) making appropriations
for the repair, preservation, and completion of
certain public works on rivers and harbors,
and for other purposes; which were referred
to the Committee on Commerce, and ordered
to be printed.
ST. PAUL AND PACIFIC RAILROAD
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
further morning business, the next business in
order is the Calendar, under the Anthony rule.
Mr. STEWART. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will report the first bill on the Calendar, after
which the. Chair will recognize the Senator
from Nevada.
The Chief Clerk. The first bill on the
Calendar is the bill (S. No. 1305) for the ex-
tension of time to the St. Paul and Pacific
Railroad Company for the completion of its
roads.
Mr. STEWART. I will not interfere with
that bill, but I shall endeavor to get the, floor
immediately after the passage of the bill in
order to call up the measure to which I referred
last evening.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill. It proposes
to extend the time for the completion of
the railroad from St. Anthony to Brainerd,
in the State of Minnesota, as now limited
by law, and of the railroad from St. Cloud
to St. Vincent, in said State, as now located,
with the approval of the Secretary of the
Interior, for the period of nine months from
the time limited by the acts of Congress relat-
ing to them ; and if completed within the nine
months, the railroads are to be entitled to all
the benefits of the several provisions of the
acts of Cohgress relating thereto, in the same
manner as if the roads had been fully com-
pleted within the time therein limited.
.Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to have the
bill explained.
Mr. WINDOM. My colleague will explain
it; he has the papers.
Mr. RAMSEY. A few words of explana-
tion I think will satisfy every Senator that
this bill ought to pass.
In the year 1857 Congress granted to the
then Territory of Minnesota a certain quantity
of the public lands, for the purpose of aiding
in the construction of railroads. Among the
number designated in that grant was the St.
Paul and Pacific railroad, the construction of
which was commenced in 1862. This com-
pany has been pushing its work of construc-
tion upon the main line and branches year
after year since that date, and has at this time,
with cars running thereon, over four hundred
and fifty miles of finished road, with about
two hundred and fifty miles yet to com-
plete. The lines and direction of this road
and branches are as follows: starts from St.
Paul, running northwesterly to Minneapolis,
ten miles, where its branches commence.
That portion which has been called the main
line crosses the Mississippi river at Minne-
apolis, and traverses the western part of the
State, terminating on the western border at
the town of Breckinridge, a distance of two
hundred and seventeen miles from St. Paul.
This .portion of the road was completed
about two years ago, upon which cars are
daily running. From Minneapolis, the first
point of divergence, the line continues up the
Mississippi river on the east side as far as St.
Cloud, eighty miles from St. Paul, when
another divergence takes place. The eastern
line continues along the eastern side of the
Mississippi river, and intersects the Northern
Pacific at the town of Brainerd, seventy-five
miles from St. Cloud, or point of divergence.
The western branch crosses the river at St.
Cloud, runs northwesterly through the State,
crosses the Northern Pacific at the town of
Glyndon, and terminates at St. Vincent, the
boundary line between Minnesota and the
British possessions. From-St. Cloud to Brain-
erd the road is all graded, with bridges con-
structed and ties furnished upon the line.
From St. Paul to St. Cloud, and to Melrose,
forty miles west, the road is finished and in
good running order. From Melrose to Glyn-
don (point of crossing the Northern Pacific)
it is unfinished, but partly graded. From
Glyndon the road is finished and in running
order for a distance of one hundred and ten
miles, leaving an open space unfinished on the
upper portion of the line, as well as on that
portion south of the Northern Pacific crossing,
in the direction of St. Cloud. Also leaving
unfinished the eastern portion of the road from
St. Cloud to Brainerd. The condition there-
fore of this road relative to construction is
substantially as follows:
Miles,
Entire length of road and branches under the
grant. 700
Completed road, with cars running thereon 450
Unfinished 260
Of this unfinished portion there is graded .113
Yet to be graded ..137
Two hundred and seventy miles of gradiug
were done in the summer and fall of 1872, and
one hundred and sixty miles of track laid: in
the same time. The ties are all out and upon
the entire lines, and the iron has beeti pur-
chased and is now within the State. The ex-
isting grant expires March 3, 1873, and an
extension is asked for the period of only nine
months to complete the entire work. This
road has been built by a few gentlemen in
Europe, whose enterprise and millions of
money have been attracted by the policy and
liberality of the General Government in ren-
dering aid to public works of this character.
Grant this request, and this almost national
enterprise, which has been prosecuted with
zeal and vigor, will have resulted in success
and an international commerce opened by rail
from the metropolis of this country to the
British possessions in less than one year from
this date. Refuse it, and the work of con-
struction must be indefinitely postponed, for
it would be a disaster too heavy for endurance
by the company of men who have undertaken
this great work. It would crush the highest
prospects of development and progress that
t now attach to the northern portion of Minne-
| sota, and also be a serious damage to the gen -
' eral interests of the country by a destraetion
of on.e of the fibers which is so sure to main-
tain an international trade. In this appeal to
Congress for relief let it be understood that
no additional favofs, rights, or immunities are
sought. A plain request for a little more time,
disencumbered with any alterations of the
original favor conferred by Congress upon a
former occasion, is ali that is embraced in the
bill now before the Senate.
But, sir, I know the importance of time at
this stage of the session, and will say no more
on the subject. I have said enough -I think
to commend the bill to every Senator.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and ]
