1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
815
An act (H. R. No. 2446) granting a pension
to Benjamin Clark;
An act (H. R. No. 2447) granting a pension
to Sarah Reynolds;
An act (H. E. No. 2449) granting a pension
to Mary Ii. Bartlett;
An act (EL R. No. 2451) granting a pension
to John Oliver, Louisa Oliver, Robert Oliver,
and Martha A. Oliver ;
An act (H. R. No. 2455) granting a pension
to Jerome E. Pampell ;
An act (H. R. No. 2467) granting a pension
to Aidy A. Autry ;
An act (H. R. No. 2870) to authorize the
President to appoint Frederick E. Upton, of
Bath, Maine, a master in the Navy of the
United States; and
An act (H. R. No. 2904) for the relief of
George Reber.
The message also announced that the Senate
had passed bills of the following titles, with
amendments; in which the concurrence of the
House was requested:
An act (H. R. No. 1207) granting an
increase of pension to Warren Raymond, a
soldier of the war of 1812 ;
An act (H. R. No. 2453) granting a pension
to Rosa Wallauer;
An act (H. R. No. 2982) to abolish the frank-
ing privilege and to provide for the transmis-
sion of official documents and other public
matter; and
An act (H. R. No. 3010) to authorize the
construction of six steam vessels of war and
for other purposes.
ADMISSION OP COLORADO.
Mr. TAFFE. It is not the wish of the Com-
mittee on Territories to keep the bill for the
admission of Colorado in the morning hoar an
unreasonable time. I do think it is a subject
of sufficient importance to challenge the atten-
tion of the House for an hour, the time to
■which we would be entitled after the previous
question is called. I am willing to call the
previous question now or at any other time,
and then allow the friends and opponents of
the bill to occupy that hour.
Mr. K1LL1NGER. If the gentleman desires
the sense of the House upon his bill I will move
that it be laid on the table.
Mr. TAFFE. I do not yield to the gentle-
man for any such motion. I yielded to him
yesterday to speak for the bill, and before he
got through he spoke against it. [Laughter.]
Mr. HALE. I think the gentleman will see
that it will be better not to push his Colorado
bill this morning. When the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Banks] obtained consent
of the House for his arrangement that the
consular bill should be Uken up one day next
week. I thought it was with the understand-
ing 
The SPEAKER. The idea of the Chair in
recognizing the gentleman from Nebraska
[Mr. Takkk] at this time was that some ar-
rangement should be entered into by unani-
mous consent in regard to this bill.
Mr. TAFFE. 1 am willing to make this
proposition: that when this bill shall next
conic up in the morning hour it shall be with
the understanding that the previous question
is to be ordered upon it, if I can have an
asMirance that the Committee on Appropria-
tions will not interfere with the morning hour.
Mr. HALE. If we can go on with the
appropriation bills to-day, the Committee on
Appropriations will not seek to take the gen-
tleman from the tioor when the next morning
hour for public business is reached.
.Mr. TAFFE. 1 am willing to have the pre-
vious question called, and to have the vote
taiion ni the end of the hour, which will be
equivalent to taking another morning hour.
Flu-SPEAKER. The Chair will submit the
jirojioseil arrangement to the House. It is that
win   thi.-- I>i:l shall next come up in the morn-
ing hour, which will be on Tuesday next, it
will bo umlcrKio-.! that it cornea up with the
previous question seconded and the main
question ordered thereon.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. At the time
the morning hour begins?
Mr. TAFFE. That is my proposition.
Mr. MOORE. Is it the privilege of the
gentleman to yield the morning hour to other
business, and still claim a morning hour for
himself to the exclusion of other committees ?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has no
control over the morning hour. His bill is
in the morning hour, and must remain there
until the end of the session unless disposed
of. By the arrangement proposed it can oc-
cupy but one morning hour. Is there objec-
tion to that arrangement?
No objection was made, and it was ordered
accordingly.
MISTS, ASSAY OFFICES, AND COINAGE.
Mr, HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I ask
unanimous consent to have taken from the !i
Speaker's table the amendments of the Sen- i(
ate to the bill (H. R. No. 2934) revising and '
amending the laws relative to the mints, assay
offices, and coinage of the United States, that
the amendments be non-concurred in, and that
a committee of conference be asked thereon.
No objection was made, and it was ordered
accordingly.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts, moved to
reconsider the order just made; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
FRANKING PRIVILEGE.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The Senate has just
returned, with an amendment, the bill of the
House abolishing the franking privilege. 1
desire to ask the House to concur in that
amendment.
INDIAN CENSUS. |
Mr. SCOFIELD. Before that is done I j
desire to ask the House to discharge the Com- ;
mittee on Naval Affairs from the further con- j
sideration of a bill referred to them by mistake,
and that the same be referred to the Commit- j
tee on Indian Affairs. It is House bill No. j
8404, to enable the Government to obtain a [
more thorough knowledge of the numbers. \
condition, tribal relations, &c., of the various !
Indian tribes of the United States. |
No objection was made, and it was ordered j
accordingly. j
TO.MLINSON, IIARTUPEC AND COMPANY. '
Mr. NEGLEY, by unanimous consent, in- !
troduced a bill (,H. R. No. 33281 for the relief 'i
of Tomlinson, Hartupec & Co. : which was
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee of Claims, and ordered to beprinted.
MJSSSAGU FROM TUK SENATE. i
A message from the Senate, by Mr, Stjip-
sox, one of its clerks, announced that the '
Senate had passed bills of the following titles; ;
in which the concurrence of the House was '
requested:
An act (S. No. 1291) granting a pension
to Martha E. Orich, Mary J. Orich, and John
J. Orich, minor children of John C. Orich, !
deceased; jj
Aa act (S. No. 1239) to pay Charies Weile ;|
for services performed as consul at Tumbez, ,
Peru; and
An act (S. No. 1441) making an appropri-
ation to defray expenses of investigations in
regard to elections in Kansas, Louisiana, and
Arkansas,
IIARBOH OK BEAR CREKK, LAKE ONTARIO.
Mr. E. II. ROBERTS, by unanimous con-
sent, submitted the following resolution ; which
was read, considered, and agreed to.
A'.*.. W. That the Secretary of War be requested
to transmit to this House a copy oi the report ut the
engineers of the survey recently m.uie oi the harbor
of Hear oreek, Lake Ontario.
DISAT1I OF HON. J. L. STEONli.
The SPEAKER. For the information of
gentlemen who are looking forward to the as-
signment of business, the Chair desires to give
notice that at half past three o'clock next
Tuesday the gentleman from Connecticut [Mr.
Hawley] expects to announce the death of his
late predecessor.
NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. HALE. I rise for the purpose of mov-
ing that the Honse resolve itself into Com-
mittee of the Whole on the naval appropria-
tion bill. As a preliminary to that motion, I
move that all general debate in Committee of
the Whole terminate in one minute.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HALE. I now move that the House
resolve itself into Committee of the Whole.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, (Mr. Scofiei.d in the chair,) and
proceeded to the consideration of the bill (H.
R. No. 33-51) making appropriations for the
naval service for the year ending Jnne 80,
1874, and for other purposes.
Mr. HALE. I ask unanimous consent that
the first reading of the bill be dispensed with.
There being no objection, it was ordered
accordingly.
The Clerk read as follows :
For pay of commissioned and warrant officers at
sea, on shore, on special service, and of those on the
retired list and unemployed, and for mileage and
transportation of officers traveling under orders, and
for pay of the petty officers, seamen, ordinary sea-
men, landsmen, and boys, including men of the
engineer's force, and for the Coast Survey service,
eighty-five hundred men, at an average pay of $300
each per annum, $6,250,000.
Mr. HALE. I move to amend by inserting
after the words ■' warrant officers at sea"
the words " including sea pay and rations of
officers detailed or appointed as naval store-
keepers abroad."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
For compass-fittings, ineludiiig binnacles, tri-
pods, and other appendages of ship's compasses, to
be made in the navy-yards, S5,0(K).
Mr. HALE. I move to amend by striking
out in the paragraph just read the words "to
be made in the navy-yards."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
For labor at all the navy-yards, #300,000,-
Mr. H1BBARD. I move to amend by
inserting at the end of the paragraph just
read the following:
I'rovi'leil, That any officer or employe of the Gov-
ernment wao shall offend against the provision of
the act making appropriations for the naval service,
approved May 23,1872, which requires that " labor-
ers shall be employed in the several navy-yards by
the proper officers in charge with reference to skill
and efficiency, and without regard to other consider-
ations,''shall be dismissed from the service of the
United States.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I make a point
of order on the amendment that it proposes
new legislation.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. HIBBARD. I modify my amendment
by inserting after the second line the words
"in expending this appropriation."
Mr. SARGENT. The amendment is still
liable to the point of order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is of opin-
ion that the modification suggested by the gen-
tleman from New Hampshire [Mr. Himbaiw]
would not, avoid the ruling, because the amend-
ment still embraces new legislation.
Mr. HIBBARD. In the modified form is
it not simply a restriction upon the appropri-
ation ?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair understands
that it would not be a restriction upon the appro-
priation, but would be new legislation, making
certain acts of naval officers a criminal offense.
Mr. HIBBARD. I move, then, to amend
by reducing the amount of the appropriation
