1776
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 26,
texas pacific railroad.
Mr. STEWART. Last evening I had read
for information a bill with regard to the Texas
Pacific railroad. It is important to that en-
terprise that that bill shoilld be passed at this
session, and the time is very limited. I think
it will take but a few minutes to dispose of it,
and I ask to have it taken up.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Nevada asks that the bill called up last
evening in regard to the Texas Pacific rail-
road may be considered. Is there objection ?
Mr. SCHURZ. I object.
Mr. DAVIS. I hold in my hand a bill
which I have been very anxious to get up, but
as we are going on with the Calendar 1 con-
cluded not to make the motion.
The VICE .PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will report the next bill on the Calendar.
Mt. STEWART. As this is an important
bill and should be considered, I move that it
be taken up 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Nevada moves to postpone the Calendar
for the purpose of considering the bill.
Mr. MORTON. I have examined this bill
and I do not see what objection there can be
to it. Jt is an important matter to which no-
body objects, I suppose.
•Mr. EDMONDS. I cannot discuss the
merits of the bill on a motion to proceed to
its consideration, but my friend from Indiana
will pardon me in saying that after hearing the
bill read last night, I should think it was open
to a great many objections which even my
friend, if they were' stated, would concur in
saying were serious objections that either must
be remedied or the bill ought not to pass.
But, Mr. President, it is an important bill,
and therefore it ought not to be pressed when
matters of equal .or greater importance about
which there will not be much difference of
opinion, and which are in the way of saving the
Treasury, should be taken up. Here is a bill
reported in reference to the western district of
Arkansas, which is of so much consequence in
respect to saving money in the Treasury, that
1 believe it was generally understood that it
should be taken up unless crowded out by the
appropriation bills, and yet there will be no
opportunity to proceed to that bill if my friend
insists on trying railroad questions here over
again. I think we should go on with the
Calendar.
Mr, STEWART. So far as the Arkansas
bill is concerned, if the whole judiciary system
could be dispensed with and all the money
expended for all the courts saved to the Treas-
ury,.it.would hardly balance the amount that
is spent in Arizona for the Apaehe war and
your troubles there, and which would be saved
by the construction of this road.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair must
state to. the Senator from Nevada that he
thinks thigtis debating the merits.
Mr. STEWART. lam aware of that; but
I say this is a bill that will save money to the
Treasury.
Mr. DAVIS. There are a large number of
amendments to this bill, and I should like to
inquire if they are in print?
Mr. STEWART. They are all in print
except one, which can be read shortly.
Mx\ DAVIS. I think they had better be
printed.
Mr. STEWART. They have been printed.
I moye that the bill be taken up.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Seuator
from Nevada moves to postpone the Calendar
for the purpose -of considering the bill indi-
cated by him.
Mr. WRIGHT. We adopted a rule near
the commencement of the session that there
being no special, order, aside from some excep-
tional eases, we would go to the Calendar
every morning; but we have the experience
when we go to the Calendar that our time is
frittered away by efforts to get up bills in oppo-
sition to that" rule. If we are going to get
through this Calendar, or any part of it, the
only safe wayis to adhere to the Calendar and
go through the casea as far as possible. I
therefore trust that the Senate will adhere to
the Calendar and not take up exceptional
cases.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Nevada.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. STEWART. I give notice that I shall
renew the motion later in the day. I will not
divide the Senate now.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bills on the
Calendar will be considered in order, begin-
ning at the point following the last bill acted
on.
isabella orange.
. The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(H. R. No. 2771) for the relief of Isabella
Orange; which was considered as in Committee
of the Whole.
The preamble recites that Isabella Orange,
widow of John C. Orange, late a private com-
pany D seventh regiment West Virginia vol-
unteers, purchased and came into possession
of the southeast quarter of the southeast quar-
ter of section thirty-five, township four, range
six, in Monroe county, Ohio, believing she
had received a good" title for the same ; that
sl)e paid the purchase-money for the lands out
of the proceeds of her pension, received on
account of the death of her husband in the
United States service, andshe has made valua-
ble improvements on the land ; and that the
land has never been sold or disposed of by the
United States Government. The bill therefore
directs the Commissioner of the General Land
Office to issue a patent to Isabella Orange, of
Monroe county, Qhi'o, for the southeast quar-
ter of the southeast quarter of section thirty-
five, township four, of range six, in Monroe
county, Ohio.
The bill was reported to the' Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, "read,
the third time and passed.
addison goodell.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(H. R., No. 2104) for the relief of Addison'
Goodell, of Illinois; which was considered as
in Committee of the Whole. It directs the
Commissioner of the General Land Office to
state an account in favor of Addison Goodell,
of Illinois, for the repayment of $400, paid
as the purchase-money of the nothwest quarter
of section No. 25 in township twenty-four
north, of range ten east, entered by Thomas
G. L. Wamsley, on the 29th of November,
1855, per Danville, Illinois, certificate No.
18820, and sold by him to Addison 'Goodell,
the entry having been canceled at the General
Land Office; but before the money shall be
paid to Goodell, he is to execute a bond to
the United States in the sum of $800, with
sufficient surety, to be approved by the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, conditioned to save
harmless the United States from any liabil-
ity to Thomas G. L. Wamsley, or any person
claiming under him, by reason of the payment
hereby authorized to be made to Goodell.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
• bridge at st. louis.
Mr. SCHURZ. The other day I asked that
Senate bill No. 1302, the St. Louis bridge bill,
be informally passed over on account of the
absence of my colleague, who, as I understood,
desired to make some remarks upon it and
perhaps offer some amendments. I ask that
the bill now be taken up..
Mr, EDMUNDS. Let us go on with the
unobjected cases.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sena-
tor from Missouri make the motion or ask
unanimous consent?
Mr. SCHURZ. 1 ask unanimous consent.
Mr. STEWART. Let that bill be read first.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Pending the
Calendar the Senator from Missouri asks unani-
mous consent to take up the bill whieh he has
indicated.
Mr. SCHURZ. I would say that'I asked that
it be passed over the other day on account of
the absence of my colleague.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will report the title of the bill.
The Chief Clerk. A bill (S. No. 1302)
authorizing the construction of a bridge across
the Missouri river at St. Louie, in the State of
Missouri.
Mr. SAWYER. I object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from South Carolina objects.
washington and point lookout road.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 1489) supplementary to an act entitled
"An act to authorize the Washington City and
Point Lookout Railroad Company to extend a
railroad into and within the District of Colum-
bia," approved January 22, 1873.
Mr. SCOTT. That bill will give rise to con-
siderable discussion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be passed
over.
Mr. SAWYER. I beg the Senator from
Pennsylvania to allow the bill to be consid-
ered. I will accept any amendment that he
desires to make it safe.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state that by the rule, when a Senator objects,
the Senate passes from the consideration of
the bill. A private suggestion to the Senator
from Pennsylvania might induce him to with-
draw the objection.
Mr. SCO TT\ I should be very glad to
accommodate my friend from.South Carolina
in any suggestion that would enable us to dis-
pose of the public business; but I have in my
hand a communication pointing out so many
objections and indicating so many amendments
to the bill that I am not able at this moment
to withdraw my objection.
The VICE PRESIDENT. When a Senator
objects to a bill, the next bill on the Calendar
is then before the Senate and its title must be
reported.
washington and rock creek road.
The next bill' on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 14f>6) to incorporate the Washington
and Rock Creek Valley Railroad Company.
Mr. COLE. The Senator from New Hamp-
shire, [Mr. Patterson,] the chairman of the
Committee on the District of Columbia, who
reported that bill, is not here, and I think it
had better go over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
. passed over.
kansas senatorial i investigation. '
Mr. FRELINGHUYSBN., I ask permis-
sion at this point to present a hill upon which
I desire action now. It is a formal matter.
By unanimous consent, the bill (S. No. 1645)
to provide for the expenses of the investigation
of alleged frauds' in the recent senatorial elec-
tion in Kansas was read twice by its title, and
considered'as in Committee of the Whole. It
appropriates the sum, of $10,000 to pay the
expenses of the select .committee of the Senate
appointed to inquire into the charges of bribery
and corruption in the recent senatorial elec-
tion in Kansas.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
orville j. jennings.
Mr. FENTON. At this point I will ask
unanimous consent to take up House bill No.
2910, for the relief of Orville J. Jennings,
which was passed over the last .time we were
upon the Calendar. It is a short bill of only
half a dozen lines, to which I am sure there
will now be no objection.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Pending the
