ais
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 23,
yard for each day of the mouth may be ascer-
tained.
Now, the duty performed by this officer must,
it seems to me, be performed by somebody ;
and from the nature of his duties I should
think be would be pretty actively employed
during the whole of the eight hours required
as daily service at our navy-yards. If this
officer does not attend to these duties, who is
to perform them? For evidently they must
be done by some one. Take the navy-yard
at Mare Island, though I do not care for that
any more than the navy-yard at Kittery.
Suppose there were no one at Mare Island to
make these examinations and prepare these
methodized accounts for the examination of
the commandant or other superior officers;
how could this information be obtained? It
seems to me that both these officers are neces-
sary as a check on the business of this
branch of the service ; I do not see bow they
can be dispensed with.,,
Mr. ARCHER. I withdraw my amend-
ment, that the gentlqman from Maine [Mr.
XiTNCh] may renew it.
Mr. LYNCH. I renew the amendment in
this form:
In lines two hundred and fourteen and two hun-
dred and fifteen, strike out these words: " For
reoeiver and inspector of stores. $1,500."
Mr. Chairman, with regard to the duties of
this officer, which have been referred to by the
gentleman from California, [Mr. Sargent,] I
only know that the commandant of the yard,
and the executive officer in charge, both in-
formed me that this officer has no duties to
perform except to receive his pay, and I sup-
pose that is the reason lie is called a "re-
ceiver." [Laughter.] He receives his salary,
and he doe3 not receive anything else. I called
the attention of the Secretary of the Navy to
this matter as soon as my own attention was
called to it. The gentleman speaks of me as
having been at the navy-yard two or three
times a year. Sir, I have not been there many
more times in the eight years I have been a
member of Congress.
Mr. SARGENT. I rise to a point of order.
I believe there is a rule of the House which
provides that the opinions of the Executive
(and of course that includes the different
Departments) shall not be quoted to influence
the aetiou of the House. I suggest to the gen-
tleman as a matter of propriety that if he has
any private information from the Secretary of
the Navy it should be put in such a shape that
tlx) Secretary can speak for himself before we
can he called upon to act on it.
Mr. LYNCH. Very well; I will not allude
to the Secretary of the Navy again, if the gen-
tleman is very sensitive about it, though I do
not understand it to be improper in discussing
a naval appropriation bill to state the views
of that officer in regard to it. I will simply
say that according to the information which
I received this officer is not necessary; and
as soon as 1 learned this, I refused to make any
recommendation in regard to it.
My colleague [Mr. Hale] has spoken about
the duties of the chief accountant and thinks
be may be a useful officer. In this opinion,
as I have said, he differs with the heads of the
Department. I had the same information with
regard to the chief accountant; and 1 want to
say that during last summer a gentleman
applied to me to recommend him for this
position of chief accountant, he having been
assured, as I have no doubt was the fact, that
upon my recommendation he could get the
appointment. I informed him that I consid-
ered the office a sinecure, and that I would not
make any recommendation for the appoint-
ment of any one to the position ; that I under-
stood the office was vacant, and that in my
opinion it ought to continue vacant. He
wrote me in return, expressing himself as per-
fectly satisfied with my reply. Since that time
he has been appointed, and he now holds the
position, and holds it becauao wo appropriate
for it, and not because the Secretary of the
Navy, as I believe, desires his presence at the
yard, or to pay him a salary without the Gov-
ernment receiving any benefit from him. I
do know, from information I have from officers
of the yard—and I suppose my friend from
California [Mr. Sargent] will not raise the
question of order on that—and from others
who have personal knowledge of the matter,
those two officers hold sinecure offices. They
are not needed, and would not be appointed
but for the pressure brought upon the Depart-
ment by members who desire their appoint-
ment.
I hope we shall free this bill from all such
offices as these, if*they are put on in the Sen-
ate, as they are likely to be. I hope when the
bill comes back we shall insist on our action
and have them stricken from the bill. It is
in the interest of the Navy Department they
should be stricken from the bill, so that really
meritorious appropriations may be made for
the naval service in consequence of abuses
which are permitted.
The committee divided; and there were—
ayes eighty-five, noes not counted.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. LYNCH. I move to strike out in lines
two hundred and sixteen and two hundred
and seventeen the words '' for clerk of accounts
and bills $1,500."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. H1BBARD. I move to add at the end
of the paragraph the words " for establishing
gas-works and piping to light the Kittery navy-
yard, $20,000."
Mr. Chairman, this appropriation is recom-
mended by the Secretary of the Navy, and is
contained in the estimates of appropriation.
I believe it to be necessary for the convenience
and safety of this navy yard. I will make no
farther remarks, as I understand the Commit-
tee on Appropriations will not oppose it.
The committee divided; and there were—
ayes 74, noes 45.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
At tho navy-yard, Charlestown, Massachusetts:
for assistant to civil engineer, $1,800; for draughts-
man and clerk to civil engineer, at $1,400 each; for
clerk of pny rolls and mustering clerk, SI,500; for
receiver and inspector of stores, 41,500; for writer to
reoeiver and inspector of stores, $1,000; for writer to
commandant, $1,000; for clerk of accounts and bills.
$1,500; for gatekeeper p,nd detective, $1,000; and
for messenger for commandant's office, $600: in all,
$12,700.
Mr. LYNCH. I move to strike out the
words " for receiver and inspector of stores,
$1,500;" and also, "for clerk of accounts and
bills, $1,500."
Mr. SARGENT. Does the gentleman in-
clude " for writer to receiver and inspector of
stores, $1,000?"
Mr. LYNCH. I do not.
Mr. SARGENT. Then I move to include
that. It is obvious if the principal is struck
out his clerk ought to be struck out also.
Mr. LYNCH. I accept that as a modifica-
tion of my motion.
The motion as modified was agreed to.
Mr. SARGENT. I suggest the same
amendment at the Kittery navy-yard.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
At the navy-yard, Brooklyn, New York: for as-
sistant to civil engineer, $1,800; for draughtsman
andclerk to civil engineer, at 81,400 each; for re-
ceiver and inspector of stores, SI,500; for clerk of
pay-rolls mid mustering clerk, $1,500; for writer to
commandant, 81,000; for elerk of acoountsand bills,
Sl.oOO; forgatekeeper and detective, $1,000; formail-
carrier, 8900; and for messenger for commandant's
office, $600; in all, 512,600.
Mr. LYNCH. I move to strike out the
words "for receiver and inspector of stores,
$1,500 ;" and also, " for clerk of accounts and
bills, $1,500."
The amendment was agreed to. ,
The Clerk read as follows:
At the navy-yard, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania:
lor draughtsman and elerk to civil engineer, $1,400
each; for assistant civil engineer, S1.800; for clerk
of pay-roll and mastering clerk, $1,500; for receiver
and inspector of stores, $1,500; for clerk of accounts
aud bills, $1,500; for gatekeeper and detective, 31,000 ;
and for messenger for the commandant's office, $600 ;
in all, $10,700.
Mr. LYNCH. I move to strike out the
word "for receiver and inspector of stores,
$1,500; " and also, " for clerk of accounts and
bills, $1,500."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows :
At the navy-yard, Washington, District of Colum-
bia : for draughtsman and clerk to civil engineer, at
$1,400 each; for receiver and inspector of stores,
$1,500; for clerk of pay-rolls and mustering clerk.
$1,500; for clerk of accounts and bills, $1,500; for
gatekeeper and detective, $1,000; for mail messen-
ger, $1,000; and for messenger for commandant's
office, $600; in all, $9,900.
Mr. LYNCH. I move to strike out the
words " for receiver and inspector of stores,
$1,500;" and also, "for clerk of accounts and
bills, $1,500."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
At navy-yard, Norfolk, Virginia: for draughts-
man and clerk to civil engineer, at $1,400 each; for
receiver and inspector of stores, $1,500; fer clerk
of pay-rolls and mustering clerk, $1,500; for gate-
keeper and detective, $1,000; and for messenger for
commandant's office, $600; in all, $7,400.
Mr. LYNCH. I move to strike out the
words " for receiver and inspector of stores,
$1,500;" and I hope that amendment will be
considered as agreed to in all paragraphs in
which these words occur.
The CHAIRMAN. That cannot be done.
Mr. LYNCH. Then I move to strike out
the words I have indicated in the paragraph
just read.
Mr. Chairman, I desire to say what I had not
time to say when I was discussing the other
amendments, and it is in reply to my colleague,
[Mr. Hale,] who said that, in the time he had
been here these officers had been appointed on
my recommendation. By a rale of the Depart-
ment, known by both sides of the House, the
recommendation of the member of Congress
of the district is taken with reference to the
appointment of these officers. I havo never
believed it to be right. I have always said,
when I have made my recommendations, that
I would be glad to be relieved of it; that I
believed the principle of it was wrong; but a
Representative from a district is expected to
make these recommendations because it is cus-
tomary; but I would be very glad, and always
would have been glad, to have waived any right
I had under the rule of the Department of mak-
ing these recommendations; for I have always
considered that the appointment of such officers
should be made entirely with reference to their
capacity for service to the Government. I have
put myself on record in that matter.
The question being put on Mr. Lynch's
amendment, there were—ayes 60, noes 17 ; no
quorum voting.
The CHAIRMAN, under the rule, ordered
tellers, ana appointed Mr. Maynaud and Mr.
Lynch.
Mr. F1NKELNBURG. I ask that the
amendment be again read.
The Clerk read as follows:
In lines two hundred and sixty-eight and two hun-
dred and sixty-mno strike out these words: "For
receiver and inspector of stores. $1,500."
Mr. LYNCH. I suppose it would be in
order to say, as some gentlemen may not have
been paying attention to what has been done,
that the appropriation corresponding to this
has been stricken out in every other paragraph.
It is for a.sinecure office.
Mr. SARGENT. It is not a sinecure office,
and the appropriation ought not to be stricken
out in regard to any of them.
The tellers having taken their places the
committee divided, and the tellers reported-
ayes seventy-two, noes not counted.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read the following paragraph :
. ft the navy-yard, Pensacoln, Florida : for super
lntendent of yiiidiinprovement?, $2,000; for receiver
