1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
819
and inspector of stores, $1,500; for gatekeeper and
detective, $1,000: for messenger for the office of the
commandant, $600; in all, $5,100.
Mr. LYNCH. I offer the following amend-
ment:
In lines two hundred and seventy-fire and two
hundred and seventy-six strike out the words " for
receiver and inspector of stores, $1,500."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read the following paragraph :
At the navy-yard. Mare island, California: for
assistant to civil engineer and draughtsman, $1,800;
for clcrk to civil engineer, SI,500 ; for receiver and
inspector of stores, $1,875; for clerk of pay-rolls and
mustering clerk, 81,875; for chief accountant, $1,875;
for gatekeeper and detective, $1,000; and for mes-
senger for commandant's office, $750; in all, $10,675,
Mr. LYNCH. I offer the following amend-
ment :
In lines two hundred and eighty-three and two
hundred and eighty-four strike out the words "for
receiver and inspector of stores, 81,875and in lines
two hundred and eighty-six and two hundred and
eighty-seven strike out the words " for chief account-
ant, 81,875."
Mr. SARGENT. I oppose the amendment.
The gentleman from Maine [Mr. Lynch] may
be correct in what he has said with reference
to the efficiency of these officers in the yards
on the Atlantic coast, where they are near
the Navy Department, and an officer can be
sent out at any time to examine them. But I
say, as regards the navy-yard at Mare island,
that it would be a very different thing to dis-
pense there with the services of an officer,
without whose vigilance rotten hemp, rotten
duck, and other worthless material would be
imposed upon the navy-yard. Without that
officer you have no check whatever on the
contractors. And if frauds result, for the
want of this officer to check them, it will be
the fault of the House, in striking out a check
and guard absolutely necessary.
There is no reason in the world why this
receiver and inspector of stores at Mare island
should be stricken off. He is the man ap-
pointed and employed by the Government to
inspect every invoice of materials delivered by
contractors, and the only man in that yard
whose duty this is. If there is any other
officer who performs this duty I want to know
who it is. If it can be shown me that there
is any other I will withdraw my opposition to
this being stricken out.
Mr. ARCHER. Cannot the commandant
detail an officer of the Navy to discharge this
duty?
Mr. SARGENT. I do not know. It may
be that he might detail an officer of the Navy
for every one of the duties prescribed in this
bill; but I do not think it is right to allow
naval officers, who receive large salaries, to be
employed in little clerkships. I think it is
certainly wrong that in the bureaus here at
Washington men in the rank of admirals and
cor modores, drawing great pay. should be
kept in those positions ; and 1 do not want to
extend the system so that other naval officers
should be found filling small positions in the
various navy-yards.
But here is an officer, drawn from civil life,
intrusted with the duty of ascertaining whether
Government gets the quantity of goods it pays
for, and whether they are of proper quality.
Strike that officer off, and you will only have
yourselves to blame if it turns out that frauds
are committed. As I said before, let the gen-
tleman from Maine show me what officer there
is to discharge this duty if this be stricken out,
and I will withdraw my opposition; but the
gentleman has not attempted to point out any
such officer.
Now, there is great difference between a
yard which is three or four thousand miles
away from the Department, and one atKittery
or Philadelphia or some point, where they are
under the immediate supervision of the De- j
partinent. I warn gentlemen that your action ;
in this matter, instead of being economy, is i
liable to cause waste, because under a single
contract the delivery of bad articles may cost
the Government twenty times the amount you
will save by these amendments. I therefore
oppose the amendment of the gentleman from
Maine.
Mr. LYNCH. I only desire to say that I
suppose there is nothing peculiar in the ad-
ministration of the navy-yard at Mare Island,
and that if these officers are not necessary, as
I have been informed they are not, at the
navy-yards on the Atlantic coast, they are not
necessary in California. I suppose there is
precisely the same condition of affairs there as
here. My information has been derived from
the commandants of the yards and the execu-
tive officers. Gentlemen will bear in mind that
these commandants are stationed at various
yards and have information in respect to all
of them.
Mr. SARGENT. I would ask the gentleman,
who is to perform the duties of this office?
Mr. LYNCH. I have been told by these
gentlemen that these dnties, if they were to be
performed at all, could be performed by other
officers at the yards. These offices were created
during the war.
Mr. SARGENT. What other officers could
discharge these duties?
Mr. LYNCH. I cannot point out the par-
ticular officers, nor is it important.
Mr. SARGENT. I know you cannot point
them out. Now will the gentleman answer
another question? Is it not necessary that
there shall be an inspection of the goods, de-
livered under contract at the navy-yards by
hundreds of thousands of dollars' worth, both
as to quality and quantity ?
Mr. LYNCH. My information is, as I have
already stated, that it is not necessary to have
an officer appointed with special reference to
that duty. In time of peace it is not necessary
to keep up a war establishment. These men
got in duriug the war, and although there is
nothing for them to do, it is convenient for
them to draw their salaries, and their friends
dislike to have them disturbed. But at this
time, when we are preaching economy and
making loud professions in regard to the
reform of the civil service, it will be well to
practice a little of what we preach.
Mr. SARGENT. This office was not created
daring the war; it was a part of the original
establishment at our navy-yards.
Mr. LYNCH. The gentleman is mistaken ;
these offices did not exist before the war, and
there is no necessity for them. I can see no
reasoD why we should make a distinction
between different yards.
I call attention to another fact, that if you
leave this office in a single paragraph of the
bill the Senate will put them ail in ; but if we
strike them ail out there will be no invidious
distinction made.
Mr. SARGENT. It is an invidious distinc-
tion against the Government, and would give
contractors a chance to rob it.
Mr. COX. I have seen this Mare Island
navy-yard, and know that there are five or six
times as many persons employed there as are '
needed. You, too, Mr. Chairman, have been
in California, and know that something ought
to be cut down there. Of course the gentle-
man from California has a right to look after
the interest of his own State; but in time of
peace we certainly ought to be economical at
our navy-yards.
The question was put on the amendment;
and on a division there were—ayes 72, noes
18; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Twichell and
Mr. Hibbakd were appointed.
The committee divided ; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes seventy-two, noes not counted.
So the amendment was agreed to. |i
Tne Clerk read the following paragraph : jj
At the naval station. League Island, Pennsyl- ,1
vania: lor draughtsman and clerk to civil engineer, m
at $1,400 each; clerk of pay-rolls and inusterine- •
clerk, SI.500; receiver and mspectorof stores,  1,5(W; i
in all, $5,800.
Mr. LYNCH. I move to amend that para-
graph by striking out the words " receiver and
inspector of stores, $1,500."
Mr, HALE. That amendment ought to be
adopted so asto conform with the amendments
already adopted.
Mr. SARGENT, I move to strike out the
whole paragraph.
The CHAIRMAN. The question will first
be put on the amendment of the gentleman
from Maine, which proposes to perfect the text
of the bill.
The question was taken on Mr. Lynch's
amendment; and it was agreed to.
The question recurred upon Mr. Sakgeni's
motion to strike out the paragraph as amended -
and being put, the motion was not agreed to.'
Mr. SARGENT. I move to further amend
this paragraph by striking out- the words
"clerk of pay-rolls and mustering clerk,
$1,600."
The amendment was agreed to. :
No further amendment being offered,
The Clerk read as follows :
At the naval asylum: for steward, $480; for
matron, $300; for cook, 8168; assistant cook, $120;
four laundresses, at 8108 each; eight scrubbers aad
house cleaners, at $96 each; six laborers, at $240
each, and one laborer, at 8264; master-at-arms, $480-
for ship's corporal, $300; for barber,*$300: superin-
tendent, $540; in all, 85,652.
Mr. HALE. I have been instructed by the
Committee on Appropriations to offer a sub-
stitute-for the paragraph just read. This whole
paragraph has been recast by the Department,
and I offer the substitute I send to the Clerk's
desk to be read.
The Clerk read the substitute, as follows:
At the naval asylum, Philadelphia, Pennsyl-
vania: for superintendent, 8600; steward. $480;
matron, $800; cook, $240; assistant cook, $168; chief
laundress, $192; three laundresses, at $168 each;
eight scrubbers and waiters, at $168 eaeh: six labor-
ers, at $240 each: stable keeper and driver, $360;
master-at-arms, $480; corporal, $300; barber, $369 •
amounting in all to $6,828.
Mr. HALE. There is a small increase in
the appropriation, but not an increase in the
force. It brings the pay of laborers, scrub-
bers, and others who now get but $98 each to
$168 each. There is a few hundred dollars
increase in the amount of appropriation, bat
not any increase in the force.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
For general maintenance of yards and docks, name-
ly : for general expenses of the Bureau of Sards and
Docks: freight and transportation of materials and
stores; printing, stationery, and advertising, includ-
ing the commandant's office; books, models, maps,
and drawings ; purchase and repair of fire-engines;
machinery and patent-rights to use the same: re-
pairs on steam engines and attendance on the same;
purchase and maintenance of oxen and horses, and
driving teams, earts. and timber-wheels for use in
the navy-yards, and tools and repairs of same; post-
age and telegrams; furniture for Government houses
and offices in the navy-yards; coal and other fuel;
candles, oil, and gas: cleaning and clearing np
yards, and care of buildings; attendance on fires;
light; lire-engines and apparatus; incidental labor
at navy-yards; water-tax. and for toll and ferriages;
pay of the watchmen in the navv-yards; and for
flags, awnings, and packing-boxes, $900,000.
Mr. TOWNSEND, of New York. I move
to amend the paragraph jast read by striking
out " $900,000" and inserting ''$500,000."
This paragraph embraces a great many appar-
ently trifling items, yet the total appropriation
is a large amount. Now, it occurs to me and
I think it will occur to the country that in view
of the tact that this House refused on yester-
day to vote $6,000,000 a year to sustain our
commerce, while it appropriates $20,000,000
a year to protect a commerce that amounts to
little or nothing—it occurs to me that we can
with the greatest propriety reduce the amount
appropriated for these apparently trifling items
to $000,000.
Mr. HALE. I hope the amendment of the
gentleman from New York [Mr. TownsekdJ
will not be adopted. All of this matter of'
expense, which is given with some particularity
of items in this paragraph, has been calculated
