1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1779
lln; treaty, shall remain in force, according to
the terras and conditions of article thirty-three
of the treaty, all goods, wares, or merchandise
arriving at the ports of New York, Boston,
and Portland, and any other ports in the
United States which have been, or may from
time to lime be, specially designated by the
President of the United States and destined
for her Britannic Majesty's possessions in
North America, may be entered at the proper
custom-house and conveyed in transit, without
the payment of duties, through the territory
of the United States, under such rules, regula-
tions, and conditions, for the protection of
the revenue as the Secretary of the Treasury
may, from time to time, prescribe; and, under
like rules, regulations, and conditions, goods,
wares, or merchandise may be conveyed in
transit, without the payment of duties, from
such possessions, through the territory of the
United States, for export from the said ports
of the United States.
Section four provides that from the date of
the President's proclamation, authorized by
the first section, and so long as articles eight-
een to twenty-five, inclusive, and article thirty
of the treaty shall remain in force, accord-
ing to the terms and conditions of article thirty-
three of the treaty, all subjects of her Brit-
annic Majesty may carry in British vessels,
without payment of duty, goods, wares, or
merchandise from one port or place in the
territory of the United States, upon the St.
Lawrence, the great lakes, and the rivers con-
necting the same, to another port or place
within the territory of the United States; pro-
vided a portion of such transportation is made
Ihrough the Dominion of Canada by land car-
riage and in bond, under such rules aud xegu-
latione as may be agreed upon between the
Government of her Britannic Majesty aud the
Government of the United States ; and it is
iurther provided that the President of the
United States may, by proclamation, suspend
the right of carrying provided for by this sec-
tion. m case the Dominion of Canada should
at any time deprive the citizens of the United
States of the use of the canals in the Do-
minion, on terms of equality with the inhabit-
ants of the Dominion, as provided in article
twenty-seven of the treaty. In case any ex-
port or other duty continues to be levied after
ike 16th day of June, 1872, on lumber or tim-
ber of any kind cut on that portion of the
American territory, in the State of Maine,
watered by the river St. John and its tribu-
taries, and floated down that river to the sea,
when the same is shipped to the United States
from the province of New Brunswick, then,
and in that case, the President of the United
States may, by proclamation, suspend _ all
rights of carrying provided for by this section,
for such period as such export or other duty
may be levied.
Section five provides that this act shall not
take effect until the 1st day of July, 1873. aud
shall not apply to any article of merchandise
therein mentioned which shall be held in bond
on that day by the customs officers of the
United States.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
PUBLICATION OF DEBATES.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senate
resumes the consideration of the Calendar.
The next business on the Calendar was the
ioiut resolution (S. No. 13) providing for the
reporting and publication of the debates m
Congress.
Mr. ANTHONY. I gave notice yesterday
that at twelve o'clock-to-day I should move to
call up this joint resolution. It lacks but five
minutes of twelve, and this resolution must be
passed upon at this session, anu it will be an
economy of time for us to take it up and go on
with it now. Of course 1 do not expect that
it can be disposed ot ttudei the fivc-auuutes
rale; but the five-minutes rule expires in five
minutes more.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Rhode Island moves to postpone the
Calendar 
Mr. ANTHONY. No, sir, I do not. The
bill is reached on the Calendar.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The joint reso-
lution is before the Senate.
Mr. BLAIR. I object to it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection being
made, it can only be considered by postpon-
ing the Calendar and moving to take up this
joint resolution, or the House joint resolution
on the same subject.
Mr. ANTHONY. I shall move at twelve
o'clock, as I gave notice that I would, to pro-
ceed with this subject.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will report the next bill on the Calendar.
BENJAMIN H. CAMPBELL.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 1321) for the relief of officers at Chi-
cago, Illinois ; which was considered as in
Committee of the Whole.
The Committee on the Judiciary reported
the bill with an amendment, to strike out all
after the enacting clause, and to insert in lieu
thereof the following:
That the Attorney General be, and he is hereby,
authorized in the settlement of the accounts of Ben-
jamin H. Campbell, marshal of the northern dis-
trictof Illinois, to allow him credit for such sum of
United States Treasury and national bank notes as
were in bis hands as marshal, belonging to the United
States, not to exceed $7,679 35, ashe may be satisfied
was burned in said marshal's office in the custom-
house building at Chicago, Illinois, on the 9th day
of October, A. D. 1871, and the accounts of said
marshal occurring prior to said fire may be settled
upon such evidence as shall satisfy the proper ac-
counting officers that credits claimed by himin re- ,
speet to matters happening before said fire are just j
and true.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended; and the amendment was concurred
in. The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time , and passed
Mr. EDMUNDS. The title of the bill ought
to be amended so as to read: "A bill for the
relief of Benjamin H. Campbell, marshal of
the United States for the northern district of
Illinois," as he is the only person included
in it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The title of the
bill will be amended so as to apply to the
individual named in it.
DISTRICT COURT IN ARKANSAS.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 1644) to repeal an act entitled "An
act authorizing terms of the United States
district court to be held at Helena. Arkansas,
and for other purposes."
Mr. RICE. I object to the consideration of
that bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be passed
over.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I give notice that at the
very earliest moment I shall move to take it up.
Mr. RICE. I hope the Senator will not
make that motion unless I am here.
court in indian territory.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 1197) to create a United States court
for the Iudian Territory.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This bill is
reported adversely from the Committee on the
Judiciary, and if there be no dissent it will be
indefinitely postponed.
BRIDGES ACROSS THE MISSISSIPPI.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S, No. 1473) to amend the eighth section of
an act entitled ''An act to authorize the con-
struction of a bridge across the Mississippi
river, at or near the town of Clinton, in the
State of Iowa, and othtr bridges across said
river, and to establish them as pust roads,"
approved April 1, 18r2.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This bill is
reported adversely by the Senator from Minne-
sota, [Mr. Ramsey,] from the Committee ou
Post Offices and Post Roads. If there be no
dissent it will be indefinitely postponed.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 1472) to repeal an act entitled "An
act farther regulating the construction of
bridges across the Mississippi river," approved
June 4, 1872.
The VICE PRESIDENT.. This biU is
also reported adversely from the Committee
on Post Offices and Post Roads by the Senator '
from Minnesota, [Mr. Ramsey,] and if there
be no dissent it will be indefinitely post-
poned.
ENTRIES OS MERCHANDISE.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 1223) to amend an act entitled "An
act to reduce internal taxes, and for other
purposes," approved July 14, 1870; which
was considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It provides that the owner, agent, or consignee
of merchandise, instead of swearing to his
entry before the collector at the port of arrival,
as provided by the twenty-ninth section of the
act hereby amended, may in the same manner
and with the same effect swear to the same
before the collector at the port of destination;
and in such case the collector at the port of
destination is to transmit such entry to the
collector at the port of arrival; and the col-
lector at the port of arrival is upon receipt
thereof to proceed as though such entry had
been sworn to before him.
The biil was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
II. B. DESMAN.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 1250) for the relief of H. B. Denmaa.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This bill has
been twice adversely reported upon. It was
first indefinitely postponed aud then the in-
definite postponement reconsidered. The
question is on the indefinite postponement of
the bill.
The motion was agreed to.
ELIZABETH JONES.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(H. R. No. 2558) granting a pension to Eliza-
beth Jones.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This bill was
reported adversely on the 6tbof February, and
indefinitely postponed, and the vote recon-
sidered. If there is no dissent, it will be in-
definitely postponed.
HENRY A. WHITE
The next bill on the Calender was the bill
(H. R. No. 2599) granting a pension to Henry
A. White.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This bill has
also been indefinitely postponed and recon-
sidered. If there be no dissent, it will be again
indefinitely postponed.
KXECUTIOri OF LAWS IN UTAH.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning
hour has expired, aud the Utah bill is now
before the Seuate, on which the Senator from
New Jersey [Mr. Freunghuysen] is entitled
to the floor.
Mr. ANTHONY. Will the Senator allow
it to be laid aside informally in order to take
up the printing bill?
Mr. FREL1NGHU YSEN- This bill will take,
but a little while : I do not think it will occupy
more than three quarters of an hour, and then
rav friend can move his printing bill. This
bill we present ht*i*e on the recommendation
of the President. It has been carefully con-
sidered by the Judiciary Committee, and al-
most the whole of it has the approval of all
the members of that committee, aud I think it
can be disposed of very briefly. 1 do not
intend to occupy any time in making a speech,
but simply ask to have the bill passed.
