THE CONGRESSIONAL ©LOSE.
January 23,
by the proper bureau, and the expense for
each item given, though not stated at length
here. It is a matter kept with great care and
scrupulousness. There is not a dollar ex-
pended by the Bureau of Yards and Docks, so
far as my investigation shows, that can be
termed wrong or extravagant. It is a bureau
that is charged with all the matter of pur-
chase and repairs of machinery, of steam
engines, purchase and repair of fire en-
gines, purchase and maintenance of oxen
and horses, driving teams, carts and timber
wheels, tools and repairs of the same, print-
ing, stationery and advertising, books, models,
maps and drawings, furniture for Government
houses and offices in the navy-yards, and many
other items here enumerated. Of course there
are some of these items for which the expend-
iture is but small; but the tabulated state-
ment made out by the bureau shows what goes
to each. The Department is running as snugly
as it can in this regard.
I am in favor of everything being done that
can properly be done for American commerce,
and during all the time I have had a seat on
this floor I have been laboring to that end so
fer as I could. But there is not this antag-
onism which some seem to suppose running
between American commerce and the Navy.
That has nothing to do with giving to the
Government, to keep up its naval establish-
ment, just what it has been run on snugly for
years. The action of this House on the sub-
ject of commerce has no bearing upon the
question. Because we do not appropriate
$6,000,000 in a bill reported from the Com-
mittee on Commerce, voting it down two to
one, there is no reason that we should cut
down this appropriation for the Navy. I hope
the gentleman from New York will not insist
on his motion. The amount named in the
bill is as small as will meet the weeds of the
Department.
The question being taken on the amendment
of Mr. Townsend, of New York, it was not
agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows :
For necessary repairs of naval laboratory, hos-
pitals, and appendages, including roads, wharves,
out-houses, steam-heating apparatus, sidewalks,
fen cos. gardens, and farms, 830,000.
Mr. ARCHER. I move to amend the par-
agraph just read by inserting after " wharves"
tjjp word "cemeteries."
The amendment was agreed to-
The Clerk read as follows:
- - For purchase of five pairs of oompound engines
and accompanying boilers for the third-rate vessels
Marion, Vandalia, Swatara. Quinnebaug, and Ga-
lena, and one pair for the second-rate New York,
$750,000.
Mr. HALE. I move to amend by striking
out " and Galena, and one pair for the second-
rate New York," and inserting " Galena and
others."
Mr. MAYNARD. If this amendment pre-
vails, will it not limit the application of these
engines to third rates?
Mr. HALE. The object is to leave the
matter discretionary, so that these engines
may be put on any vessels.
Mr. MAYNARD. With that explanation
I make no objection to tho amendment.
Mr. HALE. I modify the amendment so
as to say " Galena and other vessels."
The amendment as modified was adopted.
The Clerk read as follows :
That from and after the 30tli day of June, 1873, the
term oi the classes m the Naval Academy at Annap-
olis shall be six years, instead of four, as now pro-
vided by law, and this provision shall first apply to
tiie class entering the Academy in tho year 1873, and
to an subsequent classes.
Mr. GO BURN. I wish to inquire of the
gentleman who has this bill in charge what
is the object of the change in the law proposed
in this paragraph ?
Mr. HALE: I will ill a few words explain
the object of the provision, and I have no
doubt it will meet the gentleman's approval.
This change is proposed in view of the in-
creased number of Representatives in Congress
under the new apportionment. Unless some
change of this kind be made, there will be more
graduates from the Naval Academy than the
American Navy needs. In some way or other
the classes must be kept down ; and on con-
sultation with the Department it has been
thought best to keep them down by increasing
the length of the term; so that a class shall
graduate at the end of six years instead of
four. This provision is satisfactory to the
Department and is in the interest of economy.
Mr. COBURN. I had supposed that the
object of this provision was to cut down the
number of students at the Naval Academy. I
see no reason why this should be done. In
the first place, we need educated naval officers
and educated soldiers more than ever before.
Our country has notenough of these at present.
If I had the power I would increase the capa-
city of the Naval Academy at Annapolis as well
as the Military Academy at West Point. But
it is not shown here to-day that we cannot
accommodate an increased number to corre-
spond with representation.
But there is another consideration in con-
nection with this question. A term of four
years at the Academy is sufficient for the educa-
tion of any one who intends to become a naval
officer. I have heard no complaint of a lack
of sufficient education on the part of these
officers. They have done well in the service;
they are men of intelligence and capacity. I
would very much rather limit the number of
students than extend the term, if we mustmake
a change; this would be saving money. If two
years be added to the term, then the education
of every graduate will cost the Government
one half more than if the term were four years.
Why retain these students six years when they
can graduate in four? Why incur this need-
less expense? There is no reason for this
measure, no economy in it. This change of
the law is not demanded by the public, and
it ought not to be attempted without full and
thorough investigation. Thisisnotthe proper
time to submit a question of this kind to the
House, and it should only be done upon mature
consideration, inasmuch as it involves largely
the management of our only institution for
naval education.
Mr. HALE. I want but one minute to
reply to the gentleman.
Mr. COBURN. The gentleman can have
five minutes, if he wants them, when I am
done.
Mr. HALE. I do not wish to use so much
time. I want to get the bill through this even-
ing if I can; and I shall not take up any
further time than to say this is in the interest
of economy. And why is it in the interest of
economy? You cannot regulate or cut down
the number of classes in the Naval Academy,
because that at once creates a difficulty in
apportioning these cadets around among the
members of Congress. By the proposition
now presented, even with the House of Rep-
resentatives increased in number, that difficulty
is obviated.
Now, as to education, it is desirable, in addi-
tion to that which they have now, they should
have sea service as a part of their education
•before they finally graduate and take rank as
officers of the Navy. And this is all we have
done. It has been done after consultation
with naval officers. It has the recommend-
ation of the Secretary of the Navy and the
approval of the committee, and is, as I have
said, in the interest of economy. It is a great
point gained that the Secretary of the Navy is
willing to recommend this change, for we know
it is not usual for military or naval establish-
ments to be willing to recommend anything
which will reduce their force.
Mr. LYNCH. Let me remind the gentle-
man of the point of order that he ought not to
mention consultations with the Secretary of
the Navy, because it is not in order. [Laugh-
ter,] .
Mr. HALE. He recommends it in writing.
Mr. COBURN. I move to strike out the
paragraph. And in answer to what the gen-
tleman from Maine [Mr. Hale] has said I
will say this. Nothing is saved to the Gov-
ernment by retaining these young men in the
Naval Academy for six instead of four years.
The Government has to support them that
much longer as students.
There is, too, this very great objection, that
it cuts down the number of students we shall
have at the Annapolis Academy. It deprives
each district of its regular proportion as we
have it now. The longer the period thefewer
men will go from a district.
Mr. HALE. It does not do it.
Mr. COBURN. If you lengthen the term to
six years, we will have an appointment only
once in six years, while we have it now once
in four years. This for any given period
lessens the number of students.
Mr. HALE. All will fare alike.
Mr. COBURN. All will fare alike, but it
will diminish the number to that extent.
Mr. HALE. It does not diminish the
number, but on the contrary provides for an
increase.
Mr. COBURN. It does diminish the num-
ber that a district will have in the future.
Nothing can be more obvious.
Mr. MAYNARD. Before the question is
put on striking out, I move to amend by add-
ing to the paragraph the words "and the
ages of admission shall be from thirteen to
seventeen years.".
Mr. ARCHER. I raise the point of order
on that amendment that it changes existing
law.
Mr. MAYNARD. So does the paragraph
itself.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. It is too late to
make the point of order against the paragraph.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair rules the
amendment out as not being germane.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I desire to say
a word or two in reply to the gentleman from
Indiana, [Mr. Coburn.] The members of the
Committee on Appropriations listened for two
hours to a very able discussion participated in
by themselves, by the Secretary of War and
the Secretary of the Navy, in regard to the
proposed change in the two Academies.
Although applicable to the Naval Academy,
we did not think it was in a like degree appli-
cable to the Military Academy. We did not
think there should be such an arrangement
made in reference to the latter. Our Army
is comparatively large, and our officers are
constantly perishing in Indian warfare. We
are having many officers killed in battle every
year
The Army does not come in the same cate-
gory as the Navy. We have about sixty offi-
cers a year added to our roster of officers in
the Navy, and a Navy consisting of only eight
thousand men in all, which of course is entirely
too great an addition of officers. The result
will be, unless some such provision as this is
made, that our Navy will be overstocked with
officers._ Even now, if we do not put these
classes in, there will be an increase of t.wewy
per cent, in the number of officers going into
the rank of the Navy every year. That increase
of twenty per cent,., it is jjerfectly clear, and
.such undoubtedly is the opinion ot' the Secre-
tary of the Navy, would overstock the number
of officers, and leave the Government in a diffi-
cult position as to their management. Inde-
pendent of all this, the Secretary of the Navy
has for the past two years, in his aunual report,
recommended an increase of the term of study
in the Naval Academy, his purpose being to
put in two years of cruising in the midst of the
course; so that they may have a y  ar or two
in their classes, a year of cruising, a year
