1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1783
lose .sight of the condition of the eighty or
ninety thousand Mormons in the Territory of
Utah. You may say that they are wrong, but
they believe that they are right. You may
say they are superstitious. They believe that
it is religion. You may say that their insti-
tution is contrary to civilization. They be-
lieve that it is a civilizing institution as well
as a sound and a just one. And, sir, if yon
proceed against them too severely the effect is
to make not simply the male population there,
but to make the women and the children
suffer by the conflict that yon will provoke.
The mode that has lately been inaugurated
in respect to Utah is to enforce or attempt to
enforce with great rigor the laws against polyg-
amy. You have seen the president of the
church, Brigham Young, brought into court
on an indictment for murder; you have seen
him threatened with indictments for bigamy,
i will not. say what kind of courts we have
there, tor 1 am a little chary about making
accusations against men for which I have no
plain and obvious foundation; but I wili say
that they are courts in which I have no con-
fidence, or very little. You have seen how
those courts have undertaken a kind of legal
crusade against the Mormons. I do not say
that there have been no faults on the part of
the Mormons. They have been perhaps as
great or greater on their side, but we see what
shape this new crusade takes—not a crusade
of arms, but a crusade of law; and this bill
is intended to give to those courts additional
power to carry on legal proceedings against
those people.
The most material part of this bill, prac-
tically considered, is that which relates to the
selection of jurors. Jurors are now selected
under a law of the territorial Assembly.
This bill proposes to take their selection wholly
away from territorial authority and to vest it
in three persons, the United States judge,
marshal, and clerk ; and it provides that they
shall select two hundred names, and put those
names in a box, and that frotn that box the
jurors, grand and petit, shall be drawn.
Now, sir, on its face that is a very fair provis-
ion. In New Jersey or Ohio that would operate
very fairly and very well. 1 do not think it is at
all equal to the system in some of the States for
the selection of jurors. I do not think it is at
all equal to the system in my own State, which
is the best, that 1 know anywhere, and which
secures for jurymen the very best men in the
roiuity. But, sir, so far as a Territory is con-
cerned, or so far even as one of the old States
is concerned, this law, if fairly and honestly
executed, would be a good law; but there is
where the trouble comes in. I will not say
that it would not be honestly executed; I
will not say that it will be perverted; but I
do not. like to give a power which can be per-
verted without any restraint upon it. I am
afraid to clothe men with the power to pervert
it; 1 am afraid to trust human nature in such
a contest as is going on out there ; and there-
fore it, is that 1 want that board of jury com-
missioners, so to call them, which this bill
proposes shall be composed of the judge, the
marshal, and the clerk, enlarged so that the
people may have some word in the selection
of the jury commissioners. Then I think we
shall have a safeguard. The provision that
the names of jurors shall be selected without
reference to religious and social opinions is
very well indeed; but to guard against a
perversion of that law I want, the board that
selects them to be one that cannot possibly
pervert the law.
There is another thing that I want in this
bill. I want a provision that in criminal cases
of a very grave and serious character there may
be a writ of error from the Supreme Court of
the United States to the supreme court of the
Territory. The questions that, are likely to
arise there, the questions that will arise there,
are such that it will contribute immensely to
the peace of that Territory and to its well-
being if now and then a case can be taken to
the Supreme Court of the United States and
there can be an authoritative decision of the
law.
Say what you will, Mr. President, it will be
extremely troublesome to produce in the minds
of all the people of Utah a perfect confidence
in their district judges. The suspicions of the
people may be unfounded; their distrust may
be without reason ; but that distrust on the part
of at least one half, if not a majority of the
people, of their judges there, will be inevit-
able, and it would be of the greatest import-
ance to quiet the public mind there and also
tend to prevent those judges themselves from
doing wrong and make them more careful, if
there was a revisory power in serious criminal
cases given to the Supreme Court of the United
States.
These are the two points in this bill to which
I wish principally to call the attention of the
Senate: first, as to the mode of selecting the
jurors, and next as to the propriety of allow-
ing an appeal by way of writ of error to the
Supreme Court of the United States in the
most grave and criminal cases. I have there-
fore, Mr. President, prepared a motion which
I now make. I move that the bill be recom-
mitted to the Committee on the Judiciary,
with instructions to provide for the election
by the Legislature or by the qualified electors
of Utah—whichever maybe the better mode—
of three jury commissioners, who shall act in
conjunction with the judge, marshal, and
clerk, and with equal powers, in selecting all
the persons from whom the jurors are to be
constituted, and also to provide for writs of
error frotn the Supreme Court of the United
States to the supreme court of said Territory
in criminal cases in which the punishment is
capital, or imprisonment for six months or
upward, or a fine of $1,000 or upward.
If that be adopted, Mr. President, you will
have then your jurors selected by a board
composed of six persons, three of them offi-
cers of the United States, the judge, the
marshal, and the clerk, and three of them
elected either by the General Assembly or by
the people, as Congress may see fit to provide.
I am indifferent which it shall be, whether the
three jury commissioners shall be elected by
the Legislative Assembly of Utah, or whether
they shall be elected by the qualified electors
of Utah ; whichever is the more advisible
course may be taken. Then you will have a
board where, in all human probability, there
can be no perversion of the law, a board, too,
that will give satisfaction to all the people, at
least all the right-minded people of that Terri-
tory, and I think that it will contribute very
much indeed to harmonize matters there if
such a provision be made. Theu in respect to
the, other provisions that the Supreme Court
of the United States in extreme .cases shall
have a supervisory power by writ of error,
that explains itself.
Mr." FRELINGHUYSEN. Before the Sen-
ator from Ohio takes his seat, I wish to call iiis
attention to one fact. His objection is that
this power of creating a jury may be perverted;
but the power is perverted now. By the laws
of Utah as it stands the county court select 
Mr. THURMAN. 1 have not deemed that
it is wrong now, and I want to help the Sen-
ator to make it better.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN, The county
court selected fifty men, and they are selected
without, any such restriction as to social and
political, and religious opinions,
Mr. THURMAN. My friend ought not to
misunderstand me. His bill is better than the
present law.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Then I wish to
make one other remark to my friend from
Ohio. I do not see the necessity of his resolu-
tion to refer this bill. If it is the opinion of
the Senate (and I do not know that I would
not vote for it) that there should be a writ, j
of error from the Supreme Court of the I
United States to the supreme court of the Terri-
tory in capital cases, we can introduce it into
the bill at once. As to his provision for having
three, I would say two, elected by the Legis-
lature of the Territory to aid the judge, mar-
shal, and clerk in making this list for two
hundred, I do not know that I would not vote
for that. There is no necessity for postponing
this subject in order to arrive at what is a just
bill, if we all have the same purpose and wish
to avoid the persecution of Mormons or Gen-
tiles on either side.
Mr. THURMAN. My only reason for
moving to recommit was that such an amend-
ment might be framed with more care than we
could do it iu open Senate. I have not had
the time to do it myself beforehand. If it can
be framed in open Senate aud put on the bill,
that of course would do away with any neces-
sity for a recommittal.
Mr. MORTON. Mr; President, as I under-
stand this bill, I think I am in favor of nearly
all its provisions; but there are provisions in
the tenth, eleventh, and twenty-eighth sec-
tions, to which I desire to call the attention
of the Senate. While we all agree in con-
demning the institution of polygamy, it might
be well to understand how far the Govern-
ment of the United States is responsible for
it, how far that institution has been sanctioned
by the Government. The organic act of Con-
gress creating the Territory passed in 1850,
contains this provision:
"And be it further enacted, That the legislative
power of said Territory shall extend to all rightful
subjects of legislation, consistent with the Constitu-
tion of the United States and the provisions of this
act; but no law shall be passed interfering: with the
primary disposal of the soil; no tax shall be im-
posed upon the property of the United States; nor
shall the lands or other property of non-residents
be taxed higher than the lands or other property of
residents. All the laws passed by the Legislative
Assembly and Governor shall be submitted, to the
Congress of the United States, and, if disapproved,
shall be null and of-no effect."
This act gives to the territorial Legislature
general jurisdiction to legislate upon all sub-
jects except those which are mentioned in the
section, ithas the broad jurisdiction of a State
Legislature, not limited by those provisions
that State constitutions generally impose upon
their Legislatures. In other words, it has a
broader jurisdiction than most State Legisla-
tures have, and the provision is that its laws
shall be enforced except where they are dis-
approved by Congress; and I believe another
provision requires that their laws shall be pre-
sented to Congress for its consideration. The
Supreme Court of the United States in the
case of Clinton and others vs. Englebrecht and
others, decided about a year ago, used this
language:
" In the first place we observe that the law has re-
ceived the implied sanction of Congress. It was
adopted in 1859. It has been upon the statute-book
for more than twelve years. It must have been
transmitted to Congress soon after it was enacted,
for it was the duty of the secretary of the Territory
to transmit to that body copies of ait laws, on or be-
fore the 1st of the next December m each year.
The simple disapprovals by Congress at any time
would have annulled it. It is no unreasonable
inforenoe, therefore, that it was approved by that
body."
Here the Supreme Court seem to recognize
the doctrine that the enactment of a territorial
Legislature which has been laid before Con-
gress as required by the law and has not been
disapproved, is in effect approved and is the
law of the Territory.
In 1851 the Legislature of Utah passed an
ordinance which has never been disapproved
by the Congress of the United States up to
this time, which is now disapproved only in
part by tliis bill, and I will ask the Secretary to
read the third section of that ordinance.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
4>Se<\ 3. And be it fnrthrr urdnuwd. That a?
said church hoids the constitutional and original
right, in common with all civil arid religious com-
munities, 4 to worship God according to the dictates
of conscience,' to reverence communion agreeably
to the priuciplesof tiuth, and to solemnize marriage
compatible with the ro\ela,tiou^ of <kvu;j Christ* ior
the security and full enjoyment of all blessings and
