824
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 24,
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
IVORY P. SNOW.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(H. R. No. 2516) granting a pension to
Ivory P. Snow; which was considered as in
Committee of the Whole. The Secretary of
the Interior is directed by the bill to place on
the pension-roll, subject to the provisions and
limitations of the pension laws, tbe name of
Ivory F. Snow, late a private in company B,
seventeenth regiment Maine volunteers.
The Committee on Pensions reported the
bill with an amendment to add the words
" from the passage of this act."
The amendment was agreed to.
- The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendment was concurred
in. It was ordered that the amendment be en-
grossed and the bill read a third time. The
bill was read the third time, and passed.
ANACOSTIA AND POTOMAC KAILROAD.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(H. R. No. 2247) giving the approval and
sanction of Congress to the termini and route
of the Anacostia and Potomac River railroad,
and to regulate its construction and operation.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let us go on with the
pension easeis.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill,
being objected to, will be passed over.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not know anything
against it, or for it, but it is a bill that ought
to be considered to see what it means.
LUOBiSTIA B. GALLOWAY.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(H. R. No. 2450) granting a pension to Lu-
cretia B. Galloway; which was considered as
it) Committee of the Whole. It directs the
Secretary of the Interior to place on the pen-
sion-roll, subject to the provisions and lim-
itations of the pension laws, the name of
Lucretia B. Galloway, widow of John M. Gal-
loway, late a corp.oral iu company C of the
seventh regiment of Missouri militia.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
OALEN E. GREEN,
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(H. II. No. 2792) for the relief of Galen E.
Green: which was considered as in Committee
of the Whole. The bill requires the Paymas-
ter General of the Army to pay, out of the
appropriation for the pay of the Army for the
current year, to Galen E. Green, late lieutenant
of the,seventh Wisconsin battery, the amount
of pay that would be due him from the 30th
of September, 1863, to the 15th of January,
1864, the same as though his name had been
borne ou the rolls of the Army to the date last
named.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
JOHN M'JIATH.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(H, R. No. 2906) for the relief of John Mc-
Math; which was considered as in Committee
of the Whole. It directs the proper account-
ing officers of the Treasury Department to
audit and pay to John McMath, private second
battalion veteran Reserve corps, transferred
from ninety-eighth regiment Ohio volunteers,
for military services, the additional bounty of
fifty dollars provided by law, as though appli-
cation had been made therefor according to
the provisions of the act of July 13, 1870.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
lOtJISYILLE AND BAKDSXOWM TDKNWKE.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(H. R. No. 1939) for the relief of the Louis-
ville and Bardstown Turnpike Company.
The Chief Clerk proceeded to read the bill.
Mr. CONKLING-. Without waiting to hear
that bill further, I object to it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection
beiug made; the bill will be passed over.
SHERIFF OF PITTSYLVANIA, VIRGINIA.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 195) to indemnify the State of Vir-
ginia and the county of Pittsylvania, Virginia,
for losses incurred by them from the defal-
cations of William Liahy, sheriff of said couaty
under appointment of General E. S. Canny,
reported adversely from the Committee on
Claims.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move that that bill be
indefinitely postponed. Nobody wants to keep
it on the Calendar, I presume.
The motion was agreed to.
STATE ACCOUNTS FOB WAU OF 1812.
' The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 1236) to provide for the recomputation
of the accounts between the United States and
the several States growing out of moneys ex-
pended by said States in the war of 1812,
reported adversely from the Committee 011
Military Affairs.
Mr. HAMLIN. Let that bill stand on the
Calendar.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill
will be passed over.
CLAIMS OF NORTHERN CREDITORS.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 160) relative to the claims of certain
northern creditors.
The Chief Clerk proceeded to read the bill,
as follows:
Whereas the congress of the confederate States 
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is enough. Let the
bill go over.
The PRESIDENT, pro tempore. Being
objected to, the bill will be passed over.
JAMES A. m'CDLLAII.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(H. R. No. 2852) for the relief of James A.
McCullah, late collector of the fifth district of
Missouri; which was considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole. It directs the proper
accounting officers of the Treasury to credit
the account of James A. McCullah, late col-
lector of the fifth district of Missouri, with
such sum as may be shown by satisfactory parol
proof, or other proper evidence, to have been
uncollected on assessment lists transferred by
him to his successor in office, not more than
the sum of $7,814 19, and which were de-
stroyed by fire while in the hands of his
successor.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
MILITARY PRISON.
The next bill on the Calendar was the "bill
(H. R. No. 2692) to provide for the establish-
ment of a military prison, and for its govern-
ment.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I see that the Senator
from Illinois [Mr. Logan] who reported the
bill is not here. Let it go over for the
present.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Being
objected to, the bill will be passed over.
ENGINEER SOLDIERS.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(EL R. No. 2227) to regulate the employment
of engineer soldiers on extra duty ; which
was considered as in Committee of the'Whole.
It proposes to place the enlisted men of
engineers in the Army on the same footing,
with respect to compensation for extra duty
service, as the other enlisted men of the Army.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
William a. Graham's heirs.
Tbe next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(H. R. No. 1370) for the relief of the heirs of
William A. Graham.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. This bill
was reported adversely by the Committee on
Patents. , , „ , ,
Mr. PRATT. It appears by tbe Calendar
that this bill was recommended by the Com-
mittee on Pensions.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The Calendar is wrong.
The Senator from Connecticut [Mr. Ferry]
told me that many of the entries as to his
reports were wrong.
Mr. WINDOM. I remember the case. It
was reported by the Committee on Patents.
Mr. PRATT. It is a mistake in the Calen-
dar, then.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the indefinite postponement of the
bill.
The bill was indefinitely postponed.
WILLIAM VAILS.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(H. R. No. 1275) for the relief of William
Vails, late a private in company A, third regi-
ment of Indiana volunteer cavalry; which was
considered as in Committee of the Whole.
The Secretary of War is directed by the bill
to grant a certificate of honorable discharge
from the Army of the United States to Wil-
liam Vails, late a private in company A, third
regiment of Indiana volunteer cavalry, to date
the 15th day of June, 1865, without loss of
pay or emoluments.
The bill was reported to the Senate with-
out amendment, ordered to a third reading,
read the third time, and passed.
ROBERT M'KEE.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(H. R. No. 861) directing the payment to
Robert McKee of pay, allowances, and bounty
now withheld from him; which was considered
as in Committee of the Whole. The bill pro-
poses to appropriate a sum of money to Robert
McKee, late a private in company F, forty-
third Wisconsin volunteer infantry, equal in
amount to the pay, allowances, and bounty
to which he would have been entitled had he
been on active duty the whole time he was
borne on the rolls of the company, the pay,
allowances, and bounty being now withheld
from him upon an erroneous allegation of
fraud in procuring his enlistment into and
retention in the military service of the United
States; the sum allowed to be ascertained
and adjusted by the Second Auditor of the
Treasury.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to hear the
report read in that case.
The Chief Clerk read the following report,
submitted by Mr. Logan on the 14th instant:
The Committee on Military Affairs, to whom
House bill No. 861 lias been referred, having had the
same under consideration, submit the following re-
port:
The evidence accompanying the claim shows that
the claimant, Hohert McKee, latea private 111 com-
pany F, torty-third regiment Wisconsin volunteers,
enlisted August 3, 1864, and was discharged on ac-
count of disability June 2, 1865, with loss of all pay
and allowances because of fraud on his part in the
enhsjnent.it being alleged that ho was unfit for
servioe when enlisted. His statement under oath
and the testimony of three witnesses show that
before entering service he was examined by tbo
proper surgeon and was accepted; that before ho
was mustered in he was taken sick, when a petition
was signed by a number of the soldiers of company
• r®^uesting a reexamination of claimant that he
might be rejected. This reexamination was made
and the surgeons reported him for duty. He was
sick and m the hospital most of the time. The com-
mittee, then, recommend that the bill bo passed.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
WALTElt J. LEE.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(H. R. No. 122) for the relief of Waller J
Lee ; which was read. The bill directs the
Paymaster General of the Army to pay to
Walter J. Lee, late second lieutenant twenty-
eighth Michigan volunteers, the amount of
