1786
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 26,
acter and conduct of Hon. Powell Clayton, are
not sustained, and that the committee be discharged
from the further consideration of the subject.
The report was ordered to be printed.
ADMISSION TO THE FLOOR.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Some Senators
have asked that the head of the Printing
Bureau of the Treasury Department be allowed
to remain in the Chamber for consultation in
reference to that branch of the Treasury De-
partment. The Chair hears no objection, and
it is so ordered.
EXECUTION OP LAWS IN UTAH.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (S. No.
1540) in aid of the execution of the laws in
the Territory of Utah, and for other purposes.
Mr. SHERMAN. On examining this bill
the first query that occurred to my mind was
in regard to the organization of the tribunal to
select the jury, and it appeared to ine that the
judge ought not to have anything to do with
it. 1 know that under the law as it now stands
the judges of the United States district courts
have something to do with selecting the jury,
but that is merely a nominal duty, conferred
practically of course on the subordinate offi-
cers, the (iik and marshal. The judge may
be called upon to try the validity of the panel,
aud the judge, from the nature of his office,
is not familiar with the people.
Mr. PRELINGHUrSEN. Personally, I
do not think it very important, but there is a
difference of opinion in the Senate as to which
is the best officer. It may be said in favor of
the judge, that he knows the qualifications of
men as jurors better than the Uovernor would;
but I think the tribunal constituted either way,
the selection being made by the Governor or
by the judge, would answer the purpose. The
judge can have but very little control over the
panel of twelve men, because they are selected
after they have passed the judgment of four
others.
Mr. SHERMAN. I see the objection to
the Governor being consulted. lie is the ex-
ecutive officer of the Territory, called upon to
execute the laws, and he is a man who neces-
sarily takes sides on political questions. He
may be a man of strong partisan feelings, and
from the nature of his office 1 think he ought
not to be called to administer anything in con-
nection with the courts. 1 am sure it would
be a novel proceeding to allow the Governor
of a State io select juroi.s to try causes, and
therefore I do not,think I lie Governor ought to
be inserted here; but it seems to me some
local authority whose power emanates from
the people and does not emanate from the
United States Government ought to be selected
to join these commisioners.
The great objection that I have to this sec-
tion, one that struck me in the first instance,
was that this placed the whole power in the
hands of officers appointed by the Government
of the United States, while the local authori-
ties or the people ought to be represented in
the selection of the juiors. There is the foun-
dation of all trials and of all justice ; and some
authority chosen by the people or represent-
ing i,lie people should constitute a part of the
board to organize the juries.
J am not myself familiar with the organ-
izations of file Teiritoiies, and 1 do not know
whether there is any offieei of a general char-
acter elected by the people to select 
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let me suggest to my
friend that I believe his colleague has pro-
posed an amendment which will be satisfac-
tory to the committee as far as I have been
able to consult them, which provides that this
jury board shall be composed, in addition to
the three officers named in the bill, of two
commissioners, so called, who are to be elected
by the territorial Legislature. That meets the
very suggestion which the Senator now on the
floor has made.
Mr. SHERMAN, I think we ought not to
provide in this bill for a deadlock. We ought
to have an uneven number.
Mr. EDMUNDS. We have.
Mr. SHERMAN. My colleague tells me
he proposed to have three elected by the
Legislature.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Yes, but the committee
will ask the Senate to make it two, and we
supposed he was satisfied with that. While
we are willing to go as far as possible to suit
all sides, because we do not wish to advance
one side at the expense of the other, we shall
certainly ask the Senate, while we are quite
willing to go two, not to go three.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no objection to
that plan, but I think neither the judge nor the
Governor ought to be on this board. 1 can see
reasons against it. It seems to me the number
ought to be uneven. It ought to be presumed
that officers of the Government will be reason-
ably dispassionate, and yet their action ought
not to be absolutely final, but watched by some
representative of the people, and I think there-
fore a board of three persons organized in the
way proposed, two officers of the Government
of the United States and one representing
the people of the Territory, or vice versa, one
officer of the Government and two named by
the people to constitute the board for the selec-
tion of honest juries, fair men from the
various classes ot society. It is not to be pre-
sumed that the juries would then be packed
at the very foundation. I think the character
of these officers ought not to embrace either
the head of the judiciary or the head of the
executive department of the Territory.
Mr. ED.VIUNDS. One of the reasons why
the committee thought it right to take the
judge was this: the Territory of Utah com-
prises a very large extent of area ; it is di-
vided into three judicial districts'; it has more
than three places of administering justice ;
aud now if you take the Governor of the Ter-
ritory as one of this board of jury commis-
sioners, so to describe them, he must go to
the county seat in each district, preceding a
given term in each year so as to compose one
of this board ; whereas ifyou take the judge, of
whom there are three, then each judge assigned
to a district is on the spot, and is therefore
able to perform the functions without addi-
tional expense, and without any inconven-
ience. Hence to us the idea of putting in the
Governor as one of this board of jury commis-
sioners which is to act in various places, and
it might happen at the very same time, or sub-
stantially at the same time, would be imprac-
ticable.
Now as as to the theory of the judge, to
which objection has been made, what is it?
It is said that the judge is to control his jury.
By uo means. The judge is to make one of a
board of three or five, as the case may be,
who are not to select the jury for that term,
lie does not determine which twelve men are
to come; but, acting for the whole year and for
the whole district, he merely composes one
of the board, who select two hundred citizens
without reference to their opinions as to re-
ligion or as to social questions or as to politics,
who are to be the body of the people in that
district from whom the jurors for the, terms for
the next year are to be drawn. What can be
fairer than that ?
Even if we are to assume that all judges are
corrupt or are open to bias aud partiality, how
much better could you provide to get away
from the passions and biases of men than that?
Suppose he wishes to get, in his friends ; if the
whole body of the community are his friends,
he must get them in, of course; and if they
are he will unquestionably administer justice,
because what the sense of the whole body of
the community is, generally is justice. I be-
lieve in the vox populi to a very considerable
extent. Now suppose, on the other hand,
that this judge, not occupying a political posi
tion, as the Governor does, and holding trials
in all the counties in his district from year to
year, and from term to term, becomes ac-
quainted with the composition of society ; he
sees the gentlemen who compose the grand
and petit juries; he sees the suitors; he sees
the witnesses; he sees the citizens who may
attend as spectators on the administration of
justice; and therefore he becomes in a greater
or less degree acquainted with the reputations
of the citizens, and accordingly, if he be a pure
man, (as we must assume that every judge is
as a rule, otherwise society is good for noth-
ing at all, for society without justice is the
worst sham that ever was,) he is the very per-
son for this duty. He hears rumors about the
citizens; he knows them to a greater or less
degree; he knows their reputations. What
fairer man could you repose the trust in than
he to exclude from this list of two hundred,
not of a given jury let it be remembered, but
from this list of two hundred persons those of
whom he has heard evil reports, whose repu-
tations are not good, who are thought to be
bitter in their persecutions of a misguided sect,
or who are thought to be bitter in their perse-
cutions of people who do not believe in the
tenets of a misguided sect? I do not know any
better way—and I have studied it with what-
ever of faithfulness I possess—than to repose
in him who is supposed to be apart from poli-
tics, and who from his duties is supposed to
be acquainted with the body of the community
in the district, this duty of being one of the
tribunal who are to select the great body of
reputable citizens from whom by law the jurors
are to be drawn.
But I entirely agree so far as I am concerned
with the suggestion of my friend from Ohio
that it will add an additional safeguard to put
in the provision that two persons elected by the
territorial Legislature, who act merely as
citizens, thus selected, shall compose a part of
this board in order that if any fraud or injustice
or contrivance is about to be perpetrated they
may know it and expose it. I am quite will-
ing to consent to that because I think I am
safe when I say that I express the unanimous
opinion of the committee that we do not desire
to persecute either sect or opposition to sect;
but only to have the fair course of impartial
justice go on.
Mr. THURMAN. I want simply before the
vote is taken to call the attention of the Sen-
ate to what the immediate question is, and
that is the motion made by the Senator from
New Jersey to amend the amendment offered
by me, which provides for three jury commis-
sioners to be chosen by the General Assembly.
The Senator from New Jersey has moved to
amend that by striking out'' three'' and insert-
ing " two." If that amendment be adopted,
then he and the Senator from Vermont are
perfectly willing, as 1 understand, that the
original amendment shall be adopted; so that
the whole question really is whether we shall
have three jury commissioners chosen by the
General Assembly of Utah, or only two.
It is said that if you have three there may
be a deadlock between the three Federal
officers and the three jury commissioners
chosen by the Assembly. I do not think
there is any great danger of any such dead-
lock as that so as to result in the choice of no
jurors at all. I do not think they will want
to put a stop to all judicial proceedings in the
Territory, and therefore I have no doubt what-
ever that if the jury commissioners were com-
posed as I have suggested there would be a
selection of jurors, and a good selection. I
really do not think it is very material or that
it is wise to give a majority either to the one
side or the other; but if we were to give a
majority To either side, I think it would per-
haps be more politic to give the majority to
the people of that Territory, represented in
their General Assembly, and who compose
nine tenths of all the people in the Territory,
than to make that majority consist of Federal
officers. I hope, however, the amendment
of the Senator from New Jersey will not be
