1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
827
rights. It only undertakes to direct our offi-
cers to hold on to the money and leave the
companies to the process of the law, because
we cannot sue them in the Court of Claims.
We may bring some action in some circuit
court against them in some way. I under-
stand that two law officers have been em-
ployed, under the suggestion of the House of
iiepresentatives, who are puzzling their heads
now over the question as to how to begin to
raise this question. I propose a perfectly
simple way, for one, to begin ; and that is, to
tell the Secretary of the Treasury not to pay
these freight bills and let the companies bring
suit in the Court of Claims upon the contract
of affreightment, and there you can have the
question determined.
Mr. STEWART. This question has once
been considered by a committee, and the Sen-
ate acted in accordance with the recommend-
ations of that committee. It was very care-
fully considered by the Judiciary Committee
of this body, the report of which I have in my
hand. Now, it seems to me that to legislate
without an investigation as to legal rights,
against what a committee of this body reported
at a former time, would be rash legislation.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not legislate against
what they have reported.
Mr. STEWART. The suggestion of the
Senator from Vermont to withhold this money,
if it is against the law, is legislating against |
what they have reported; and not only that; !
what remedy have they? To sue the United ,
States? There is no provision for them to :
sue the United States for money withheld. In
order that this matter may be understood, I
ask for the reading of the report of the Judi-
ciary Committee. I think that this amend-
ment ought to be laid on the table, and the i
question referred to the Judiciary Committee,
and let them consider it.
Mr. SHERMAN. Before the Senator has
that report read I wish to say a few words
about this amendment to the Senate. The
ninth section of the act of March 3,1871, was
passed by the Senate, very much against ray
opposition. It was passed upon the report ot
the Judiciary Committee, and was finally
adopted as an amendment, I think, in the
Senate, to the Army appropriation bill. The
House of Representatives have wisely, in my
judgment, proposed the repeal of that ninth
section, so as to leave these railroad com-
panies to their legal rights. The ninth section
of the Army appropriation bill of 1871, in my
opinion extended the rights of the railroad
companies beyond what was provided by the
laws of 1804 and 1802, because it seemed, im-
pliedly at least, to deny the right of the United
States to recover from these railroad com-
panies the interest on the bonds of the United
States issued for the benefit of the railroad
companies. As a legal proposition, I have no
doubt that the United States have tlie right to
enforce against these railroad companies the
paynieut of all the interest that accrues^ upon
our guarantee bonds. It is a mere question of
discretion in the United States. The guarantee
of the United States is a secondary liability.
The iirst liability is by the railroad company,
and if the United States have been compelled
to pay interest on these bonds, in my judg-
ment the United States can atany timeontorce
its rights under the act of 1804. and compel
the railroad companies to pay the interest on
the bonds. 1 have no doubt of it.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Did not Attor-
ney General Iloar give an opinion to the con-
trary of thsitV
Mr. SilKRMAN. I think not; but at any
rate, if that were so, the Secretary ot the
Treasury decided one way and the Attorney j
Gem ral the other. But here is the point 1 j
wish to get at: the House of Representatives :
have repealed this act oi 1871, have leit the ]
railroad companies to their legal rights, 1 hat ;
act was j>&s?ed upon the report, ot the Judiciary
Committee, against the wishes of many Sena-
tors. Now I appeal to the Senator from Ver-
mont whether it is exactly fair and right, in the
present state of the public mind, for us to do
an apparent injustice to these railroad com-
panies by seizing at once upon this money,
telling them to transport our goods, and de-
ciding in advance that they cannot recover one
half the charge for transportation. It seems
to me it is not exactly right. If we adopt the
amendment proposed by the Senator from
Vermont we at once decide the question in our
favor and do not give the railroad companies
the right to sue. The Senator from Vermont
says the railroad companies may sue in the
Court of Claims. I do not think they can.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Why not?
Mr. SHERMAN. I doubt very much whether
the jurisdiction of the Court of Claims would
extend to a case of that kind. But, on the
other hand, if you simply repeal the ninth sec-
tion of the act of 1871, any officer of the Gov-
ernment—the Secretary of the Treasury, for
example—may at once make the question in
the courts, may at once either seize the rail-
road, if he desires to go so far as that, or may
sue the railroad company by an action brought
by the United States against the railroad com-
pany ; and in that way the question as to the
liability of the railroad company to pay the
interest will at once be decided. That ques-
tion ought to be made. If the proposition of
the Senator from Vermont is the best way to
make the question, we ought to adopt it; but
it does seem to me it is pretty harsh, and I do
not think we ought now, in the present state
of the public mind, to do anything that appears
to be harsh against these companies. Let us
simply ascertain the legal rights of the United
States. Undoubtedly the United States ought j
to test the liability of these railroad companies j
to pay back the interest we have paid for them. ;
There ought to be a suit, and that suit ought i
to be determined by the Supreme Court of the :
United States ; but it does not seem to me to I
be exactly fair that we should assume now,
against the report of the Judiciary Committee,
by an amendment to an appropriation bill,
which cannot be discussed at any length, and
which stops and arrests our business, that we
are right, and that our claim is right. If this
amendment of my friend from Vermont is
pressed, undoubtedly it will lead to a long de-
bate upon legal questions in no way connected
with the bill. It will lead to a controversy in
no way connected with the appropriation bill.
Yesterday when I offered an amendment rais-
ing the salaries of certain officers of the Gov-
ernment who are provided for in this bill, my
friend from Vermont appealed to me to with-
draw it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I did not.
Mr. SHERMAN. Wei!, he opposed it on
the ground that, it was legislation,^ and that it
was introducing a new topic on this bill; that
although it was according to the rules of the
Senate, yet it was mingling legislation with
an appropriation bill. I saw the force of his
reasoning and I yielded to it. But now he
introduces a topic in the form of legislation on
a disputed and doubttul question ot law, in no
way connected with an appropriation, which
will involve us in considerable debate. \\ hile
my construction of the law is precisely like
his—indeed I have never had any doubt about
the right of the United States to make these
railroad companies, if they are able, pay every
dollar of interest on the bonds we guarantied
to them as it accrues—yet, certainly, I should
like to do it in a way that would give them
the benefit of a fair trial before we decide the
case in our fkvor. If we now take the whole
sum to be paid to them for transportation, which
amounts, I think, to about 32,000,000 a year,
although I am not so sure about that it
amounts to considerably less than the interest
we pay for them—and apply the whole of it to
our benefit, without giving them a clear, plain,
and adequate remedy to test the question, we
do them an injustice: and unless I am con-
vinced that this is the best way to raise the
legal question, I will not vote for the amend-
ment of the Senator from Vermont, although I
believe in its spirit and object.
Mr. STEVENSON. Mr. President 
Mr. STEWART. I did not yield the floor,
but simply gave way to the Senator from Ohio.
I desire to have the report of the Judiciary
Committee on this subject read.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Mor-
rill,, of Vermont, in the chair.) The present
occupant of the chair was not in the chair at
the time the Senator from Ohio took the floor.
If the Senator from Nevada yielded for an
explanation, he has a right to resume the
floor.
Mr. STEWART. I gave way to the Senator
from Ohio. I should like to have the report
of the Judiciary Committee on this question
read.
The Chief Clerk read the following report,
submitted by Mr. Carpenter, from the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, on the 24th of Feb-
ruary, 1871:
The Committee on the Judiciary, who were author-
ized by resolution of the Senate of December 9,
1870, to inquire and report whether the railway
companies which have received aid in bonds of the
UniLed States are lawfully bound to reimburse the
United States for interest paid on such bonds before
the maturity of the principal thereof, and, if so,
what legislation, if any, is necessary to compel sueh
reimbursement; and by resolution of February 16,
1871, were instructed to inquire and report as to the
right of the Treasury Department to retain all the
compensation for services rendered for the United
States by the Union Pacific railroad andits branches,
to apply on the interest of the bonds issued by the
United States to aid in the construction of said roads,
respectfully report:
The answer to be returned to these resolutions
must be arrived at by construction of sections five
and six ot the act of Congress of July 1, 1S6J, and
section five of the act of July 2,136-L
By the fifth section of the former act it was pro-
vided that on the completion and equipment " of
forty consecutive miles of said railroad and tele-
graph," in accordance with tl}£ provisions of the act,
the Secretary of the Treasury should issue bonds ot
the United States of 81,000 each, payable in thirty
years after date, bearing six per cent, interest, pay-
able semi-annually, to the amount of sixteen of said
bonds per mile for such section of forty miles; ' and
to secure the repayment to the United States, as
hereinafter provided, of the amount of said bonds.
* * * * "together with all interest thereon
which shall have been paid by the United States,
the issue of said bonds and delivery to the company
shall ipso facto constitute a first mortgage on the
whole line of the railroad and telegraph, together
with the rolling-stock, fixtures, and property ot
every kind and description, and m consideration oi
which said bonds may be issued; and on the refusal
or failure ot said company to redeem said bonds or
any part of them, when required so to do by the .sec-
retary of the Treasury, in accordance with the pro-
visions of this act, the said road, with all the rights,
may be taken possession of by the Secretary oi
the Treasury, tor the use and benefit, of the united
States," &c. , . , ,
This section declares that the delivery of the bonds
to the company shall create a mortgage on the road,
to secure repayment to the United btates oi the
amount of said bonds, together with all interest
thereon, which shall have been paid by the united
States, not absolutely and in the ordinary course ot
business, but "as hereinaiter provided; ana the
section also provides that the Secretary of the
Treasury may take possession of the mortgaged
premises on the refusal of the company to redeem
said bonds or any part of them, in accordance
with the provisions of this act." The phrase in
accordance with the provisions of this act mani-
festly applies to the redemption of the bonds by the
oomranv, and not to the taking oi possession by the
Secrecaiy ; becausc the act in other sections contains
provisions relating to the redemption ot the bonds,
but contains no provision regulating the manner m
which such possession shall be taken. But as this
section neither provides lor the manner m which
principal and interest shall be paid, nor the manner
in which said '* bonds, or any part of them, snail be
redeemed, we must look elsewhere in the act tor
such provision. Wefind it in sccuon six, as follows:
" Sec. 6. Toat thejrrauts aforesaid [that is,the grant
of lands and the grant of bonds] are made upon con-
dition that said company shall pay said bonds at
maturity, and shall keep said railroad and tele-
graph line in repair and use. and shall at all times
transmit dispatches over suid telegraph line, anu
transport mails, troops, and munitions oi war, sup-
plies, and public stores upon said railroad tor the
Government, whenever required to do so by <w>y
Department thereof, and that the Government shall
at all times have the preference in the use ot tne
same for all the purposes aforesaid ;
* "and all compensation for services rendered tor
the Government shall bo applied to the payment ot
said bonds and interest, until the whole ;amoimt is
fully paid. Said company may also pay the United
