1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1787
agreed to, and that the proposition as I have
offered it will be accepted by the Senate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. In making the sugges-
tion I did to substitute the Governor for the
judge, I did it without any particular desire
to have the Governor one of these commis-
bioners; but my object was to provide a com-
mission that should not be controlled by the
court. The jury has everywhere been regarded
as a safeguard of the rights of the individual;
but a jury amounts to nothing if it is a jury
selected simply by the court, by the judge. It
is not in accordance with the practice, so far
as I know, in any of the States to allow the
judge of a court to provide his own jury. The
jury is selected by some other tribunal, some
county court, perhaps, in many of our States,
or by some person not the judge of the court
in which the jury is to act.
Now, I think it would be desirable in this
case to substitute some other person instead of
the judge. It is said that, the marshal and
clerk act with him. It must be remembered
that the clerk is merely his appointee and the
marshal is an officerofhis court; they are both
under his control. The object of a jury is to
be a check upon the judge; they are to decide
upon the facts in every case; and a person
indicted for a criminal offense is entitled to
have this jury trial, and it seems to me it should
be before juries not selected by the judge him-
self. I am not particular about substituting
tin; Governor of the Territory, but I would
take some person other than the judge. It has
been suggested that the Governor of the Terri-
tory is an executive officer and an improper
man for this purpose. Then take the sur-
veyor general of the Territory. He is ac-
quainted with everybody in it; he surveys all
the public lands and knows all about it; he is
a permanent officer. I do not know who holds <
the position ; I am not speaking as to individ- 1
uals.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Is he a Uuited States
officer?
Mr. TRUMBULL. He is a United States
officer appointed by the President and con-
firmed by the Senate.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The Territory has one of
its own under the extraordinary state of things
out there, and which one do you mean?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I mean the United
Stati-s surveyor general of Utah. I do not
know who the individual is, and it is wholly
immaterial; I am talking merely of the offi-
cer. We have provided by law for a surveyor
general for the Territory of Utah. I assume,
as the Senator from Vermont does, that he is
a proper person, without knowing anything
about who he is. He would necessarily be a
person acquainted throughout the Territory,
because his duties are such that ho has to
survey the public lauds all over the Territory,
and the lands in the Territory chiefly belong
to the United States. He lias a permanent
office there, and he is a permanent officer. If
there is objection to the Governor having this
power, take the surveyor general, or any per-
son other than the judge. I am not particular
as to who the individual is ; but I do think
that the jury should not be entirely selected
by Federal officers. I think the Senator from
Ohio is right in reference to that, and I believe
that the Senator from New .lersey acquiesces
in the suggestion to have a part of this com-
mission made up in some way from the people.
The jury is a people's body ; it couaes from
the people ; and were it not for the peculiar
circumstances that exist in Utah, probably all
ot us would be willing that the jury should be
selected by some tribunal in the Territory
altogether ; but owing to events there, that is
not thought admissible.
Then as you are to have a mixed commis-
sion to select the jury, having upon it two or
three persons from the Territory, I think it
wouid be desirable to remove to some extent
the control of this Selection from the judge ,
LimstSf. and put it upou son*© other otficer. j
If there is objection to the Governor, it strikes
me that the surveyor general of the Territory
would be a person to whom there could be no
possible objection, because he would have
nothing to do with the execution of the laws.
He is an officer appointed by the President and
confirmed by the Senate, and without knowing
who he is, I assume that he would be a fair
and proper man to act in this capacity.
Mr. LOGAN. I am in favor of the amend-
ment of the Senator from New Jersey. I rise,
however, not to speak of that, but to say a
word or two in reply to the remarks of the
Senator from Ohio. He suggests the propriety
of having three commissioners, to be selected
by the Legislature of the Territory, in conjunc-
tion with the judge, clerk, and marshal of the
court for the selection of jurors. As was sug-
gested by the Senator from New Jersey, the
result of that would be that at a time when it
might be necessary to have a jury in order
that some great and important question might
be tried before the court you would have no
jury-.
I did not intend to say in the diseussionofthis
bill what I feel justified in saying now in reply
to the Senator from Ohio. Any man who has
examined the theory of those people out in
the Territory of Utah must know this to be the
fact: that they believe solely in a theocracy.
They do not believe in the forms of our Gov-
ernment ; they do not believe in the forms of
law as dispensed by judicial authority; they
believe naught outside of their theory or
church; and they believe thatall things should
be settled and regulated thereby. That being
the theory of these people, it is a sheer absurd-
ity to talk about a commission of equal num-
bers to select a jury to try a person believing
in that theory in that Territory for any offense.
It is a well known fact to e^ery person conver-
sant with the affairs of those people that a
word uttered by a chief priest or an apostle is
the law, and that law is above all law that you
may enact here if the power is given them to
diregard it or trample it under foot. I say
that in the selection of juries under this bill
the majority ought to be given to that class of
people who believe in obedience to the law of
the Government, in the observance of the judg-
ments (if courts, in trial by juries, in trial in
courts, and who do not believe that mere
church regulations overshadow all law.
It might as well be said that under the laws
of my State that punish polygamy as a crime,
that punish larceny as a crime, that punish
murder as a crime, a man belonging to an
association believing in the ideas that the
Mormons do might locate there and put the
laws aside and defy them. Why? Because
his defense would be, "I believe in that; it
is the teaching of my chueh.'' I dislike to
see that idea entertained by any one. The
very moment we entertain the notion that
church theories do away with law, with Gov-
ernment, with jndgment, with punishment, all
the crimes known in the catalogue of crime
may be perpetrated in the name of the church.
If I may be allowed to claim that I belong to
a church, or a pretended ctiurch, or a pre-
tended organization believing in certain the-
ories that we assert to have from God himself,
and we have a right to judge as to those
theories and no man shall judge us, I may set
myself up against all government, all society,
all regulations, all laws.
This is a doctrine that is not known to the
men who sustain law and sustain government.
Our Government is founded on a. very differ-
ent theory. Our Government is founded on
the idea of obedience to law, of laws that
weigh alike upon all, that take burdens from
all and place burdeus on all. There is no
sect, or class, or association that by reason
of their association or theories can exempt
themselves from the laws of this country or
their burdens.
I have taken some pains to examine some-
what, slightly 1 must confess, into the theories
of this people, and I say here in the Sesnate
Chamber to-day that my judgment is that if
you put it in their power they will set all your
laws at defiance, put your Government at defi-
ance, and defy all that you may do, acting on
the theory that they are sustained from on
high by revelations given every day.
When these things stand in the way of proper
action here, or of the execution of the laws,
we ought to have manhood enough, no matter
how numerous a people may be, to stand by
that which is right and by that which sustains
the principles and theories of governments
founded o  law. Hence I say I am opposed
to appointing three commissioners to be se-
lected by the territorial Legislature,foralthough
they go through the forms of law in an election,
they are named by the high priests there. The
people dare not vote down any man that he
names ; and no man that he would name to
those three commissioners would they dare to
refuse as a juror. Every one who knowsany-
thing of their theories knows this to be the
fact. Hence this proposition would be turning
the courts and their machinery over to the
very persons themselves that might be accused
of crime. For that reason I am opposed to it.
' The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
is on the amendment to the amendment, strik-
ing out " three " and inserting "two."
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on agreeing to the amendtnent of the
Senator from Ohio as amended, to insert two
jury commissioners on the part of the Legis-
lature.
The amendment was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair un-
derstands that the supplemental amendment
of the Senator from Ohio is also agreed to.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I have no ob-
jection.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is that in the
absence of the Legislature 
Mr. THURMAN. That is necessary as a
matter of course.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
wilt send it up in writing.
Mr. THURMAN. That amendment is
agreed to?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move to strike out the
word "judge" where it occurs in that pro-
vision and insert "the surveyor general of
the United States in said Territory."
Mr. SHERMAN. A doubt has just been
suggested to me. The surveyor general must
be located at one place in the Territory, and
these courts are held at different places.
Mr. TRUMBULL. At three places in the
Territory.
Mr. SHERMAN. Can the surveyor general
go from his official records to perform this
duty?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Undoubtedly; he is
surveying all over the Territory.
Mr. SHERMAN. The surveyor general
does not himself survey at all.
Mr. TRUMBULL. He has his office. This
duty is only once a year.
Mr. SHERMAN, it is two or three hun-
dred miles from one place of holding court to
another. I merely suggest the difficulty.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That will be no great
inconvenience.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I think on
reflection this is an amendment that ought not
to be adopted. These jurors are selected lor
the year, it is true, but they are selected for
each judicial district.
Mr. LOGAN. By each judge ?
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Yes, sir, by the
judge, marshal, and attorney of each district;
and the idea of taking the surveyor general
to select jurors seems to me a very incongruous
and inappropriate one. I certainly do noi see
that the judge has any possible pow<-i', ma;-
