1788
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 26,
much as he is only one of a board of five to
select two hundred, and from that two hun-
dred the twelve jurors are to be drawn. It is
impossible for him to exercise any control
over the jury. If we have a judge who cannot
be trusted as little as that, we ought to get rid
of him very quick.
Mr. TRUMBULL. My motion does not
imply a reflection on the judge. I am not
making it with any such view, of trusting the
judge or not trusting the judge. It is that it
is inconsistent with the system of jury trials
that the jury should be furnished by the court,
no matter who it is. It is not the proper
mode of selecting jurors anywhere.
Now, as to the objection suggested by the
Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Sherman,] I will
say that the marshal has his office at one
place. He might just as well object to the
marshal as to the surveyor general. There
is but one United States marshal in the Ter-
ritory.
Mr. SHERMAN. Practically he will do
it through his deputies, I have no doubt,
although that may be objectionable.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The bill does not pro-
vide for that.
Mr. SHERMAN. The bill provides for
deputy marshals.
Sir. TRUMBULL. But then it was not in-
tended probably to give this duty to the depu-
ties. This is a special duty put upon the mar-
shal, and I doubt whether he could delegate it.
I think the bill would have to be amended to
authorize him to do that. It is one of those
semi-judicial functions that he could hardly
delegate to a deputy. It can be no great
inconvenience to impose this function on the
surveyor general. Probably this will not oc-
cur more than for a year or two at most. I
name the surveyor general, not because he is
the surveyor general, but simply to get it
away from the courts. I do think that the jury
should not be selected by the court anywhere.
Virtually, that is so here. It is wrong in prin-
ciple. And when the Senator from New Jer-
sey speaks of trusting the judges I do not put
it upon that ground at all. I put it upon the
ground that it is mixing up two things which
ought to be kept separate.
Mr. CASSERLY. I am not able to agree
with the Senator from Illinois who has just
addressed the Chair, although it is not often
that I disagree from him on a question of this
kind. It seems to me that the objection which
is in his mind is to any influence that the
judge may exert over the jury after they are
sworn, or any view he may have of such influ-
ence which may bias him in the execution of
his duty. I think that the ground is untena-
ble. We have to trust this man, whoever he
is, to try the causes, decide upon questions of
life, property, and character 
Mr. TRUMBULL. Will the Senator from
California allow me to interrupt him right
there?
Mr. CASSERLY. Certainly.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Will he trust this judge
to pass upon life ? Does he not require by
the Constitution of his country thata jury shal
pass upon it? Is he willing to trust it to the
judge'! And if he is not, is he willing that
the judge shall select the jury to pass upon
life'!
Mr. CASSERLY. He passes upon ques-
tions of life whenever he decides questions of
law that arise in the course of a capital trial,
and I suppose the Senator from Illinois, being
a lawyer, would understand it in the same way.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not understand
that any judge has a right to pass upon the
question of life. That depends upon the ques-
tion of guilt or innocence that must be found
by a jury, and a judge cannot control it.
Mr. CASSERLY. Well, sir, the verdict of
the jury turns upon the facts admitted in evi-
dence upon the trial; and whether this or that
fact from this or that witness shall he admitted
in evidence upon the trial depends upon the
judge who may rule it out or rule it in. He is
the man who determines the quality and com-
petence of all the materials upon which the
jury are to pass. Consequently, in that sense,
he is the man who ultimately holds the issues
of life and death in his hands in capital causes.
If a judge is bad enough to select jurors
with any improper view he is utterly unfit for
the duties that the law imposes upon him in
regard to the trial of a cause. My own observ-
ation, however, is, living as I have lived for
much the largest part of the life of my man-
hood in a new State, that the existence of
pleasant and friendly and even intimate rela-
tions between the judge on the bench and the
jury in the box does not in any degree embar-
rass the the administration of justice ; on the
contrary, if it has any influence the influence
is a beneficial one. There is no man who
ought to knowbetter than the judge the mental
caliber and the moral character of the men fit
to sit as jurors. I do not know, sir, by what
Federal officer we could advantageously re-
place the judge of the district court in that
capacity.
The Senator from Ohio nearest the Chair,
[Mr. Sherman,] or perhaps some other Sena-
tor, supposed that a difficulty would arise from
the nomination of a United States marshal as
one of the board of selection of jurors, by
reason of his inability to attend at the several
places where these courts are to be held. The
United States marshal regularly is an element
of the court. There can be no court, as the
common saying is, without a judge, a clerk,
and a sheriff. That he always attends in per-
son upon the sittings of the court I do not say,
because I know the contrary ; but I think
where the duty to be discharged is so import-
ant as the selection of a jury the United States
marshal could always find opportunity to
attend and ought to be required to attend in
person. He is the responsible man under our
system, he is our high sheriff.
Before I take my seat I desire to suggest to
the Senator from New Jersey whether these
two hundred male citizens of the United States
ought not to be qualified electors within the
provisions of this act. In some States jurors
are required not only to be qualified electors
but also to be upon the tax roll. I'merely
wish, however, to add that qualification of
being lawful voters under the provisions of
this act.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. They are re-
quired to be citizens and males of twenty-one
years of age, but I have no objection to any
such qualification.
Mr. CASSERLY. I think the effect of that
would be to give you a selection from the per-
manent people of the district who are identi-
fied with and feel some responsibility for their
action in it. The provisions are on page 26,
lines eleven, twelve, and thirteen of section
nineteen. I understand the Senator from New
Jersey has no objection to inserting the words
"qualified electors'' after "district" there.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The pending
question is on the amendment of the Senator
from Illinois in regard to substituting the sur-
veyor general for the judge oil the board of
jury commissioners.
Mr. CASSERLY. I suppose there need not
be any question on my amendment if the Sen-
ator from New Jersey is willing to accept it.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I have no objec
tion to requiring the jurors to be qualified
electors. ■
Mr. CASSERLY. " Qualified electors within
the provisions of this act."
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection that amendment will be regarded as
inserted. The question recurs on the amend-
ment of the Senator from Illinois to strike out
the words " the said judge," and insert " sur-
veyor general of the United States for said
district."
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Nowl feel that
I ought to relieve the bill from the criticism
made by the Senator from Indiana, [Mr.
Morton.]
Mr. TRUMBULL. Do I understand that
the amendment proposed by the Senator from
California fell with the one which I offered?
The VICE PRESIDENT. No ; the Sen-
ator from New Jersey stated that he was will-
ing to accept it, and it was by unanimous con-
sent, pending the amendment of the Senator
from Illinois, inserted in the amendment of
the committee.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. My friend from
Indiana criticises the eleventh section. He
makes this criticism : that by the laws of Utah
from 1850 to 1862 polygamy was lawful in
Utah. That is a question I do not mean to
discuss, and the reason I do not is that this
act does not affect marriages prior to 1862.
Therefore that is an immaterial question, so
far as this bill is concerned. This section of
the bill is: "that any woman now or here-
after holding the relation of spouse or consort,
and not that of a lawful wife," may apply and
have a discharge in the nature of a divorce;
so that the act does not apply, if the Senator
is right that polygamy was lawful down to
1862, to those cases, because the person who
comes within the purview of the statute must
be a spouse, a consort, and one other thing,
"and not a lawful wife." That is one answer.
Another answer is, that if this act did give
to one who held the relation of wife with a
plurality of wives the right to be discharged
from that relation on the judgment of a court,
as in the case of divorce, I do not think there
would be any objection to the law. 1 think it
is a right and a privilege which she ought to
have to relieve herself, on the judgment of a
court, from that relation ; but it does not ap-
ply because if she is a lawful wife she does not
come within the description of the statute.
Another criticism of my friend was that this
applied to those living in adultery. Not at
all. This is a statute applicable to Utah, and
what does it say ?
That any woman now or hereafter holding' the
relation of spouse, or consort, and not thit of_ a
lawful wife, to any man who at the timo cohabits
with another woman as his wife, spouse, or consort,
may file her petition in the district court.
Persons living in open adultery do not come
within the description of " spouse or consort"
at all.
Mr. MORTON. I ask the Senator what is
the definition of " consort," legally?
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. My friend has
the dictionary there by him, and I saw him
looking at it. [Laughter.] Therefore there
is no necessity for me to go into that.
Mr. MORTON. I asked the Senator for a
serious answer, not for a joke.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I gave aserious
definition.
Mr. MORTON. Onedefinition of "consort"
is "wife." The Senator excludes that defini-
tion by the terms of the bill. The next defini-
tion of " consort" is that of a mere companion,
and does not mean a Mormon wife or a polyg-
amic wife. Therefore the terms of that sec-
tion are that one companion, one consort, may
bring a suit against a man who is living with
another consort, another companion, and the
language embraces those who are simply living
in adultery without any other relation what-
ever.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Oh, no.
Mr. MORTON. Certainly.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I knew that my
friend had the definition of "consort" when he
asked me, as he shows he has.
Mr. MORTON. But the Senator gives
another definition of it. He has a definition for
it not to mean a lawful wife, not to mean one
simply living in adultery, but occupying some
third position. Now what is that? That third
position is not defined in the bill. It means
a wili? or companion simply. The bill excludes
the idea of its being a wife, and therefore it
is a mere companion.
