1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
829
"When this bill was under consideration in the
House of Representatives, Mr. Washburne, of Illi-
nois, referring to the provision above quoted, said:
"Instead of the compensation due tbe company
for services rendered to the Government being: ap-
plied to the payment of the bonds issued in aid of
the construction of the railroads, one half only by
ibis bill is to go in that direction, and the other half
is to be paid by the Government to the company, a
proposition I cannot agree to."—Ojaoressional Globet
June 21,1864, page 3151,
It is evident, from tbe statutes themselves, that
the company is not bound to make any payment in
money on account of these bonds, except the five
per cent, of net proceeds, until the maturity of said
bonds, thirty years from their date. And it is equally
evident, from the debates in both Houses of Congress
when these acts were passed, that it was the inten-
tion ot Congress so to frame them as to accomplish
Mich result.
Therefore, in resDonse to the resolutions of the
Senate, it must be answered:
1. That the companies are not lawfully bound to
reimburse the Government any interest paid by the
Government on these bonds until the maturity of
the principal of said bonds, except that one half of
the compensation for services for the Government
may be retained by the Government, and five per
cent, of the net proceeds of the roads must also be
annually applied to the payments of said bonds and
interest thereon; and
2. That the Secretary of the Treasury has no
right to withhold from the company more than one
half of the compensation due the company for ser-
vices performed for the Government.
The second of the above answers is a mere corol-
lary from the first. But whether the first be correct
or incorrect, whether or not the company is bound
now to pay to the Government the interest it has
paid on these bonds, neverthless the Secretary of the
Treasury cannot violate an express statute to enforce
payment. The statute declares, in so many words,
that "only one half of the compensation forservices
rendered for the Government by said companies
shall oe required to be applied to the payment of
the bonds issued by the Government in aid of the
construction of said roads." It would be bold deal-
ing with the statute to say that theSeoretary of the
Treasury may require what an act of Congress says
shall not be required.
It may be said that, conceding the liability of the
company now to pay this interest, equity would en-
force a bet-off, aud the company ought not to re-
ceive from the Government what the Government
is entitled immediately to recover back from the
company. To this it is sufficient answer, that any
right of the Government against its debtor may be
released by act of Congress; and when Congress has
declared that the application of "only one half' of
this sum shall be required, the Secretary of the !
Treasury cannot fall back upon the common law, or,
by a pretended exercise ofthe jurisdiction of a court
of equity, violate the statute and say that the whole
sum shall be so applied.
Your committee were not called upon to criticise
the wisdom of these acts of Congress, but to answer
as to their true construction; and in discharging
this duty the committee is obliged to report the law •
as it is, without regard to what they might desire it
to be. It is proper, however, to suggest that the
company is clearly bound to keep its road in repair
and in use ; and any failure of the company in this
respect would authorize the Government to take
possession of the road. The refusal of the company
to perform the services for the Governmentprovided
for by the sixth section, or to appropriate five per
cent, of its net proceeds, would also authorize the
Government to take possession. But, while the
company shall continue to comply with these re-
quirements the Government, if it has not all the
security it might desire, has all it ever stipulated
for, anu has no right to complain. And at the ma-
turity of the bonds* if the company fail to pay prin-
cipal and interest, the Government may take pos-
session of the road, which the company, in the
mean time, must keep in use and repair.
Mr. STEWART. Following that report
the ninth section of tbe act of March 3, 1871,
was passed, and I send that section to the
Chair to be read.
The Chief Clerk read the ninth section of
an act making appropriations for the sup-
port of the Army for the year ending June 30,
1S72. and for other purposes, approved March
3, 1871, as follows:
"Sec. 9. That, in accordance with the fifth section
of the act approved July 2, ISoJ, entitled "An act to
amend an act entitled 'An actto aid in the construc-
tion of a railroad and telegraph line from the Mis-
souri river to Pacific ocean, and to secure to the
Government the use of the same for postal, mili-
tary, and other purposes,' approved July 1,18(52/
the Secretary of the Treasury is hereby directed to
pay over in money to the Pacific Railroad Companies
mentioned in said act. and performing services for
the United States, one half of the compensation at
the rale provided by law lor su<-h services, hercto-
iore or hereafter rendered: J^orrJ-d. That t.ns
sueJion shall not be construed to a Hoot The legal
ii','ht>. of the U<>\erniucut or the obligations of the
eompanios, except as herein specifically provided.
Mr, STKWAKT. Now, Mr. President, it is
proposed tu duvet the Secretary ofthe Treas
ury to withhold this money. It is suggested
that that is the proper and fair mode to have
a legal determination of the rights of the
United States in the premises. Can there
be any doubt in the world that if any railroad
company under these acts or any others are
indebted to the United States for moneys
advanced or for interest paid, the United
States can sue for that. If the object be to
have a remedy at law, who can say that the
United States cannot sue for the money?
Mr. EDMUNDS. In what court can it sue?
Mr. STEWART. In what court can the
United States sue for indebtedness of any
kind?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I was asking the Senator
the question, not he me.
Mr. STEWART. I supposed that the chair-
man of the Committee on the Judiciary could
suggest a court in which the United Stales
could sue for an amount of money due. It
could sue in any court having original juris-
diction. There is no question that if money is
due to the United States the United States
has a right of action for it.
Now, what does he propose to do? With-
out any investigation, and against the report
of one of the first committees of this body,
he proposes to withhold the money and leave
the companies to a remedy which he says they
have in the Court of Claims. Who are to be
affected by this? Is it the original operators?
Are they the only parties affected, or are the
hundreds and thousands of stockholders and
bondholders of these companies to be affected
by it, and the money withheld and they re-
mitted to a very doubtful remedy? I doubt
whether there is any means by which they can
have an adequate remedy in the Court of
Claims to get this money back. Is it the
object without ordinary deliberation to so
legislate as to destroy the usefulness of these
roads, after the vast amount of money that has
been invested in them? Or shall we treat this
proposed legislation as we do that on other
subjects, refer it to a committee and have due
notice and a fair investigation of any question
connected with it?
That these roads are a great national enter-
prise, and of great national utility, is no less a
fact to-day than it was years ago. The results
that have been attained by them are more
than was anticipated. It is true that the
United States advanced a large amount of
money, but the credit that the United States
gave by advancing this money was more than
the money itself. The roads could not have
been built without the United States taking
this action. The United States, however,
advanced its money at a time when gold was
largely above par, when the Government bonds
had to be sold at a great sacrifice. I am in-
formed (and I think any one who will reflect a
moment with regard to the price of bonds at
that time will see that the statement is about
correct) that they realized about fifty five cents
on the dollar, making the whole amount that
was realized in gold—and a large part of the
road had to be constructed on the basis of
gold—somewhere in the neighborhood of
£28,000,000. The amount advanced to the
Central Pacific Railroad Company was less
than §14.000,000 : their expenditure was in
gold. If you estimate the amount of work
doue you will see that the $14,000,000 per-
formed but a small part of it; but it gave them
credit so that they were enabled to get money
and perform a great national service
Now, sir, shall these creditors, shall these
bondholders, be subjected to this injustice ;
or shall this subject be investigated as other
subjects are? Shall we, on an appropriation
bill, (a practice which the Senator from 'Ver-
mont censures so severely.) attempt such legis-
lation as this? It seems to me it is simply
child's play. Shall we now, under a supposed
pressure of some kind or other, tear up these
railroads, destroy what we have don<\ and
deal unjustly with the thousands that are inter-
ested in their bonds, and who invested in them
from the fact that the United States gave this
credit? It seems to me that a more unjust,
unwise, unstatesmanlike thing could not be
devised.
I am a little surprised that the Senator from
Vermont should take this occasion to bring
forward such a proposition. If these roads
have forfeited their charters, if they have done
wrong, let proceedings be brought directly.
There are several remedies suggested in the
act. Let us proceed according to existing
laws with them, as we do with everybody else,
and nothere, in the excitement of the moment,
enact a law the effect of which on innocent
parties we cannot now estimate, have not in-
vestigated, and do not understand.
_ The Pacific railroad has been a great finan-
cial success to the Government of the United
States. Notwithstanding parties connected
with it may have done wrong, the Government
has realized a great saving. I hold in my hand
a copy of the debates which took place at the
time of the passage of the laws; and the report
of the Secretary of War who examined the
subject at that time showed that the annual
expense to the Government along that line for
freights was S1?,500,000, and was constantly
increasing. That report was made in 1862,
discussed in both Houses, and nobody ques
tioned the accuracy of the figures. In view
of the present population in the region
traversed by the road, if you attempted to
serve them with mails, if you attempted to do
the Government business that is now done
upon that line, if you attempted to convey
your troops, at least ten millions would be re-
quired, and I doubt if $15,000,000 a year
would do it. By means of this road the
charge on tbe Government for all this service
is merely nominal, and you have the service
performed. Besides that the road has devel-
oped the interior of the continent, and added
vastly to the wealth of the nation. Utah
alone is estimated to produce $10,000,000 a
year, with a near prospect of reaching thirty
or forty millions. Not one dollar of that could
be produced without the aid of this railroad.
The silver mines of that Territory, so far
interior, could not, without the aid of a rail-
road, be worked. Eastern Nevada is in the
same situation.
While I am opposed to any act on the part
of these companies that shall swindle the Gov-
ernment and oppress the people, and while I
am in favor of guarding the interests of the
people and placing the freights and fares upon
an equitable basis, if they are not now; while
I am willing to favor any honest and square
reform, I am for taking hold of this question
after deliberation by a committee, in the same
way as we treat any other question.
I say that the construction of the Pacific
railroad was a great national enterprise; that
its success was a great national blessing; that
it has developed a vast region; and I am
opposed to taking such faction as will allow
stock-jobbers to further swindle the Govern-
ment, if the Government has been swindled,
or as will deprive any honest bondholder of
his just rights. I see no reason for this hasty,
precipitate, inconsiderate action. Let this
matter be investigated. Let it be known how
much money has been expended by the Gov-
ernment, and what has been done with it, and
what are the results; and if either of these
companies, or both, have violated the condi-
tions upon which they were allowed to con-
struct their roa!s, let us have a deliberate and
full report for the action of the Senate on this
gneat question. Bat to say that we will withhold
money which the law says shall be paid over
looks to me capricious, looks to me as if there
was some attempt to do a rash and foolish
thing without any reason for it.
I could go on and show the advantage that
this road has been to the Government. I hold
in my hand a report of the Committee on the
Paciiic Railroad, made some two years ago,
