1790
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 26,
the Territories. I see no reason for it, and
unless Senators can give some reason for it, I
hope they will strike it out. I wish to see the
bill perfected, and unless I can see some
good reason to the contrary, shall vote to
strike out this section.
Mr. EDMUNDS. We all thought, I believe,
in committee that that was a very wise provis-
ion, even those of us who differed on some
other parts of the bill asbeingtoo hard on this
sect of people, but I am not sure about that.
The present theory of the naturalization laws,
to be found in their own words, is that the
persons who are to be naturalized must be
those whose character and whose moral con-
dition shall be such as to make them the fit
elements of the Government of the country
into which they are to come and of which they
are to be a part. That is the law now. The
statute declares that the court sitting judicially
must be satisfied upon proof that the party ap-
plyiqg has for five years borne a good moral
character. I am not going into the discussion
of the question as to whether polygamy is
moral or immoral; I leave that to my friend
from Ohio to determine for himself, just as X
must determine it for myself and so on. But
I do say, that if we have always stood to the
rule as being a fit one in admitting to the gov-
erning element of the country emigrants from
other countries, then we ought to provide, if
we intend to draw the line of law around this
condition of affairs where it now is and to pre-
vent its enlarging itself, that no person shall
be admitted to citizenship in that Territory
who is in the practice of that peculiar relation.
If, ou the other hand, that peculiar relation is
moral and ought not to be made a test of citi-
zenship, then when a man is made a citizen
he neither ought to be persecuted norpunished
nor pursued nor legislated against on account
of his followiug it afterward. The whole
question therefore is involved in that. If the
practice of this particular thing is right, one
that like all the other developments of so-
ciety in this couutry ought to be left to
itself entirely, then we ought not to pass some
sections of this bill which provide for these
divorces, as you may call them ; we ought to
leave it, whether it be set up in a State or
Territory, to itself, and the State laws ought
not to provide against it. If it be right and
proper, with the ideas that the great body of this
country have, that tbatsort of thing should be
eradicated, so far as it can be consistently
with a proper sympathy, pity, and respect
even for the opinions of the people who have
now gotten into it, not to destroy them because
they are wrong, but only to say " Do not go*
any further in that direction by our authority,"
then it is right to say, in order to discourage it
to all the people of the Old World, " If you
wish to seek a home in America and to be-
come apart of its law-making and developing
society, you must come with your hands clean
upon that point;" but if that is wrong and
he ought to be made a citizen practicing that
relation, then being made a citizen he ought
to be protected in it. There is no half way
ground that 1 can see on that question.
Mr. SHERMAN. I might not differ with
my friend from Vermont in regard to theques"-
tion of morality, but the naturalization laws
have never been enforced with such a narrow
view as lie now presents them.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Do you call it a narrow
view ?
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes, sir ; a narrow view.
The question of a man's morality, as to what
are his habits, &c., has never entered very
closely into the question of the naturalization
of foreigners, or a great many that have been
naturalized would not have been naturalized.
If the Senator desires to make the test of
morality, he ought to make it by a general
law. Why confine it to those who live as
polygamists believing that they have the moral
right to live so? Why not extend it to those
who live in an improper state in other com-
munities? If a man believes that he has the
right under the law of his church to live with
two wives, he is certainly less guilty of an
immorality, tested by the internal sense, than
thousands and tens of thousands of men all
over the United States in every State of the
Union who violate the moral law in other
ways.
I do not wish to do anything of an unkind
nature against the people who live in Utah.
They have developed a beautiful and prosper-
ous country in the midst of the desert; and
although their peculiar habits are as repugnant
to me as they can be to any other Senator,
although I believe they reverse the law of the
Christian Church, and that their theories would
if adopted by the people of the United States
utterly overthrow our political system, though
I have the same opinion about polygamy that
any other Senator can have, they are a mis-
guided people aud they ought not to be dealt
with harshly. They have done the country
great good in the physical development of the
western portion of our continent. Without
their agency on the plains 1 doubt very much
whether we could have built the Pacific rail-
road when it was built; we certainly could
not have built the telegraph lines and main-
tained them but for their agency. We owe
them therefore a little kindness on that score
for physical development; but when we come,
as I hope we shall be able, to break up their
system and compel them to conform to our
laws and the usages of our society, and the
habits of a Christian people, I hope we
shall do it in a way that will not unreasonably
strike at them or single them out for any spe-
cial exemption or prohibition.
Here is a clause that forbids any alien who,
honestly believing that he is doing right, and
obeying the laws of his church, practices polyg-
amy, from becoming a citizen of the United
States of America. We never have enforced
the naturalization laws in any such effort of
exclusion, and I do not think we ought to com-
mence now. My amendment does not affect
the important features of the bill, and I do not
see why we should not strike out the section.
In order that I may not weary the attention
of the Senate hereafter, I desire to call atten-
tion to one or two more amendments of the
same kind. Section twenty-one I think there
is no occasion for. It wiil do no good and may
do a great deal of harm. That is the section
providing for a short-hand reporter, and then
going on to provide that in case the territorial
Legislature do not pay him, it shall be taken
out of the compensation of the members. It
seems to me that that had better be omitted.
Let them do as the people of the United States
have done from the earliest period of our couu-
try ; let the judges write out their opinions.
Mr. FRELINGHUiSEN. I wiU state to
my friend that that was introduced, if 1 may
so say, by those who wanted confidence in the
judges of the courts there, for the protection
of those who hold the Mormon doctrines.
They thought it was very important that there
should be a stenographer who should take
down just what the judge said and did, and
his rulings to the jury, for the protection of
those toward whom he might be supposed to be
inimical. That was the object and the reason
why that section was introduced.
As to the compensation, it is to come out
of the territorial treasury; but if they see fit
not to make any appropriation, then it is to
come out of the appropriation made for their
own salaries. All they have to do to render
that part of the act inoperative is to make the
appropriation for the stenographer as they
ought to do. The object was that which I
have stated.
Mr. SHERMAN. The courts must always
be open as a matter of course, and any person
who is interested may have the proceedings
reported, and he may preserve the notes. I
do not believe in adding another officer to all
these courts, and then requiring under these
peculiar circumstances that he shall be "paid
by the territorial Legislature. However, it is
not very material whether it is in or out. It
is only a question of expense.
Nor do I see the necessity of our undertak-
ing to amend specially the territorial act or
ganizing or incorporating the Church of Jesus
Christ of Latter-Day Saints, approved in Feb-
ruary, 1851. If the church undertakes to
legalize marriages, solemnized not according
to law, butin violation of thelaw of the United
States, the action is simply void. If, in the
language of this bill, they do solemnize or
authorize marriages or similar relations con-
trary to the provisions of the existing statutes
against bigamy and polygamy, or contrary to
the common law, they are simply null and
void. If there is any law of the territorial
Legislature of Utah that authorizes this church
to do these things, it ought to be repealed.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It is the very law that
creates the corporation, as it is called. Has
the Senator read that corporate act?
Mr. SHERMAN. I have read only what I
find here in this bill. I have not that act.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If the Senator will read
the act itself, I think he will agree that so far
as we have gone we are right.
Mr. SHERMAN. If that act authorizes
this church to do what is forbidden by the
laws of the United States, it is a usurpation
of power, and not only ought to be repealed}
but it is null and void without a repeal.
But I would avoid in this bill, which I hope
will have a useful effect, anything that appears
to be harsh to the Mormons. I think we ought
to treat them mildly, gently, and kindly. If
any one goes to Utah, goes to Salt Lake City,
and sees the development of an organized
community, prosperous and happy apparently,
he will be a little careful before he lays the
hand of power upon them without considering
all the circumstances by which they are sur-
rounded, and without being forbearing, kind,
and gentle even to their feelings.
As the Senator from New Jersey properly
said, most of the people who have gone to that
settlement were foreigners, and most of them
ignorant, very ignorant indeed. They caino
over here without any property. I remember
nearly twenty years ago seeing a Mormon train
pass out from where the town of Omaha now
is to undertake the journey over the plains.
They were as poor and abject a body of people
as I ever saw, mostly foreigners. They have
gone there and developed that Territory. They
have built good houses. When I was there
during the last summer I was amazed at the
comfort, peace, prosperity, and order of a com-
munity made out of such materials.
I know the Senator from New Jersey will
appreciate the feeling I have in regard to this
matter. While I should like to cure the evil
of polygamy, as entirely* inconsistent with the
whole scope and character of our Government,
of oar religion, of our polity, of our institu-
tions, as inconsistent with the ideas of the
Anglo-Saxon race, that I believe has never
adopted polygamy iu any portion of its various
divisions, yet I would in dealing with this
acknowledged evil, be kind and gentle and for-
bearing. 1 would treat these people kindly,
and enforce the laws fairly, doing nothing
that would even look like an a,ct of harshness.
It seems to me, therefore, that it would be
unwise in this bill to deny Mormons of foreign
birth the right to be naturalized. Let them
stand like all other foreigners. I move to
strike that section out. Then unless there is
a very clear reason for it—1 have not exam-
ined the law which the Senator from Vermont
has handed me—I would not say anything
about the act that organized their church ;
but let it stand. There is nothing in the world
about which people will fight so quickly as
about their church. The history of this world
has been a history of religious wars, and more
blood has been shed in the name of religion
than in all other causes combined. So it has
