830
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 24,
giving the details of the advantages and the
savings by it. The subsequent operations of
the road have been more beneficial to the
Government and more beneficial to the devel-
opment of that interior country. Now, to
embarrass this road in such a way that it will
have to be sold under the first mortgage, as I
have heard suggested, and out of the residue
pay the United States its second mortgage,
and settle the thing up—a performance of that
kind might benefit stock-jobbers, but it would
not benfit the Government. If that were done
of course the first mortgage bonds would have
to be first paid, which are equal in amount
to the sum advanced by the Government, say
now about thirty millions in round numbers, for
the bonds are about at gold value, and the resi-
due would be left for the Government, which
I am very sure would be quite small. I think
there are those who would have the genius to
take advantage of that, so that they would
leave a deficiency rather than a surplus to pay
the Government. I do not think that that is
the way to get redress, that that is the way to
secure the rights of the Government. But I
am certain of one thing, that if the Govern-
ment's rights are to be secured, the question
should be considered by a fair committee that
should understand how we are acting.
Mr. EDMDNDS. Certainly, Mr. President,
these railway companies do not lack cham-
pions. If long friendship and a steadfast
fidelity to their interests entitles a man to
speak for them, then my honorable friend
from Nevada is entitled to speak for them.
He has stood by them through good report,
and now he stands by them in evil report;
and that is the part of true chivalry unques-
tionably. But, after all, the reasons which
these companies give us for allowing them to
keep the money of the United States, as I
believe it to be, in their own pockets and dis-
tribute it to their own stockholders are not
altogether sufficient, as it appears to me.
What are they ?
My friend says that first we ought to have an
investigation by a committee. Did my friend
suppose the report of that committee would
change his mind ? Not he. He was fixed
upon this construction of the statutes before
the foundations of the world were laid, as it
might be said. He has seen this construction,
which entitles these companies to this money,
from the summit of the Sierras before the iron
horse had clambered from the valley of the
Sacramento ; and the idea that we must have
a reference to a committee in order to advise
my honorable friend from Nevada as to what
his Christian duty is under the circumstances,
is, I must say, a little extraordinary. But
how about the rest of us? Is this a new ques-
tion, sprung upon the Senate suddenly, the
details of which we do not understand, the
general bearing of which we do not under-
stand? Not by any means. I begin this
movement under the adverse influence of an
investigation by a committee of which I be-
lieve the honorable Senator was a member,
reported to this body. Is not that enough for
him? What better can heask of any commit-
tee than the manifesto tbat has been read at
the desk, coming from the Committee on the
Judiciary on the subject of the law and the
rights ot the parties? Certainly everything
which human ingenuity can find in these
statutes or in the debates of Congress to up-
hold the claim of these companies has been
fouudaud brought forward, and I acknowledge
its force. 1 discount, as the bankers would
say, that much to begin with. And yet I have
some faith in the hope that nevertheless the
Seuate of the United States, as the represent-
atives of the people, will be willing to allow
this matter to be put in train for a judicial
investigation into the rights of the parties.
That is all I ask. 1 do not ask this body to
decide anything against these companies. I
do not ask this body to deal harshly with these
companies. I only ask this body to protect
the interests of the people of the United
States, and if there be a dispute, as there is,
as to the rights of these parties to this freight,
let us have it determined. As long as the
Secretary of the Treasury is commanded to
pay this money over to them, he must obey,
and just so long you may be very sure that
the companies will not take any steps to raise
any legal question. Even the zeal and fidelity
of my friend from Nevada would hardly advise
them to seek a lawsuit with the United States
when they are the receivers of the profits of
the performance, as things stand now.
But then the Senator inquired why does not
the United States bring suit. I asked him,
" bring a suit where," and he replied by asking
me where would I bring a suit for the United
States. That is a very fair way to answer a
question by asking another. It is done in
Yankee-land, they say, very often; but it is
not quite sufficient for this body. I ask the
Senator in all sincerity ; he is a great lawyer;
he is accustomed to practice in the courts of
the United States, and I ask him in what cir-
cuit court of the United States, in what district
court of the United States a suit can be safely
instituted, as the law now stands, to enforce
the payment of this interest?
Mr.STEWART. In any court having ori-
ginal jurisdiction.
Mr. EDMUNDS. "In any court having ori-
ginal jurisdiction," certainly. That is a very
favorable answer indeed! I ask the Senator
where I can bring a suit, and he tells me in
substance that! can bring suit wherever I law-
fully can! That gives us great information,
certainly 1 I am very much obliged to him for
that amount of legal information that he has
given me ! I appeal to him to point out the
mode of redress, and he tells me and tells
you, sir, that I can have it wherever I can
lawfully get it; but where that is he does
not say. He only tells us it is '• in a court of
original jurisdiction." Now, it happens that
there are a good many circuit courts of the
United States of original jurisdiction ; but the
laws of the United States provide for particu-
lar classes of parties suing in particular courts.
The proper courts of the United States for
suing people who are indebted to the United
States are made to depend upon the residence
of the party. If you bring an action upon a
bond of a surety ora collector you are obliged
to bring it in the circuit court of the district
in which the defendant resides. Now, in what
district of the United States, I beg to be in-
formed, does the Union Pacific Railroad Com-
pany reside, for one ?
Mr. STEWART. Where its office is.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Where its office is. I
should like to see a little law for that; and
then, as its office is said to have been vibrating
around between three or four States, it might
require a committee (which my friend is so
anxious to have) to be appointed to inquire
whereabouts its office was.
Mr. STEWART. Then I understand my
friend from Vermont that the reason I cannot
bring a suit against the Union Pacific railroad
is that I cannot find the place where it is.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I have not said that you
cannot bring suit against the Pacific Railroad
Company. I am seeking for information.
Mr. STEWART. I observe, if you are in
earnest, that you need it very much.
.Mr. EDMUNDS. I certainly need inform-
ation very much, and everybody will peiceive
that I am on exactly the proper road to find it.
Mr. STEWART. That is so.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. President, to be
serious about this business, there are extreme
technical difficulties, such as are well under-
stood by the Senator from Nevada, as well as
they are by anybody else, perhaps better, in
the institution of suit under the law as it
now stands against any of these companies to
enforce the rights of the United States. 1
should not despair, particularly if we could
have the aid of the counsel of my friend from
Nevada, in finding some remedy at the end
of ten years or so which should enable the
United States to have a judgment of the
Supreme Court declaring their right to with-
hold and set off these freights ; but if such a
judgment should be rendered at the end of ten
years, mean time the constituents of my friend
—I had almost said clients, but of course I do
not mean that—mean time the constituents of
my friend will have been taking their two or
three million dollars a year out of the Treasury
when it ought to have staid in.
There is the difference in practical results.
Suppose the courts of the United States have
jurisdiction, I presume it is perfectly easy to
find the method of bringing the question to
trial now ; but there must be delay ; of course
there will be delay; there will bo resistance.
Suppose it happens to be determined in the
end that the United States is right and is enti-
tled to hold this money, that the company is
wrong ; meantime the company has been tak-
ing the money for freight, meantime the Uni-
ted States has been paying interest upon the
bonds of the company, and theTreasury is out
of pocket, with nothing to look to but the com-
pany itself; the money that has been received
has been either divided among the stockholders
of the company or has gone to the sustenance
of some other company that resides inside of
that, as they say some worms do inside of ani-
mals ; and the substance of the people is
wasted in this riotous living while we are find-
ing out that we have a right to hold the money
that we have now.
The Senator from Nevada may think that
is a sensible way to treat the people of the
United States and 4heir interests. Among
private people in civilized communities, in
Nevada as well as in Vprmont, where there is
a dispute between two parties as to their
indebtedness, each party holds on to what he
has, and the matter is kept in statu quo until
the courts shall decide which is right. This
is precisely what I ask to have done by the
amendment that I propose, and that is that
the freights accruing in favor of these com-
panies on Government transportation shall
not be paid over to them in cash so long as
we are paying larger sums for interest upon
their bonds, until it shall be determined in a
proper suit by the Supreme Court of the United
States that they ought to be. Then the money
is in the Treasury; if the companies are right,
they get it; but if we are right we save it. Iu
the other way, if it is determined that the com-
panies are right, then they have had it, it is
true; but if it is determined that we are right,
we have gained our cause and lost our money :
that is all.
Mr. President, the honorable Senator has
had read to ths Senate the report of the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary made two years ago.
It is a very exhaustive, a very ingenious^ a
very able report. Certainly if there were any
inducements to lead a, man to believe that the
Senators and Representatives in Congress in-
tended to put the people at this disadvantage
these gentlemen in this report have made it
out; but what does it amount to? It amounts
to this : that it is, in their judgment, a doubtful
question, although they think the answer is
that particular one; but they say, and they
put the final clause of their report on that,
although this may be doubtful, all hough it may
be maintained possibly in the end that the
United States Treasury is right, however that
may be, this particular time, 1871, is not the
time to enforce that right; these companies
are embarrassed, they are in distress, and it is
not best to assert the rights of the United States
at this moment, whatever they may be." Very
well; that time has gone by. Here we find
now, from the reports made by these com-
panies and I only take one for illustration,
because I do not wish to take up the time of
the Senate—that the income of the Central
1acific for the last year has been as follows:
the amount received for transportation of pas-
