1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
831
sengers for the year, $8,620,519 33 ; the amount
received for transportation of freight for the
year, $5,753,246; making in round numbers
about $9,500,000; and the expenses of the
*#oad for the year were $4,317,332 32; leaving
a clear balance of net income, promts of the
operations of the road for a year, of almost
$5,000,000. This company, therefore, does
not stand in the attitnde of appealing to us for
charity, or generosity, or mercy in bringing to
the test a legal dispute between it and us, but
it stands in the attitude of a great corporation
drawing abundant sustenance out of the people
and out of the Government in the transaction
of its operations, and being able, if it is its legal
duty, to offset the amount of the freight that it
carries for us against the interest that we pay
for it.
Now let us see how much interest we have
paid. I have here a report from the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, made to this body on the
20th of May, 1872, in which he gives us a very
interesting table, and I commend it to the
patriotic consideration of the Senator from
Nevada. He tells us that this same Central
Pacific Railroad Company, whose net income
for the past year has been about $5,000,000,
as it appears from its report, has received from
the United States $20,945,349 18 in bonds.
The United States has paid for interest for
that company $5,591,000, leaving off the odd
dollars for convenience of speech, and at the
date of this report the balance of interest due
to the United States above the half freights,
which have been deducted, was $5,060,12918.
We were the guarantors of those bonds. Even
this committee does not say that at some time
and in some way we are uot to be reimbursed
for this assistance we have given to the com-
pany, does not deny that we are the surety,
that it is their debt, and that at some time they
are bound to make it good to us.
Now, then, we find ourselves standing to-day
with a net income of $5,000,000 in the pockets
of this company, and with a net outgo on the
part of the United States, its own surety and
friend, of $5,000,000 for its debt that we have
paid. And yet the Senator says that it is ex-
tremely cruel and harsh to propose to apply
some part of this transportation to keep down
this interest account.
Mr. COLE. That interest has been accumu-
lating during about eight years, I believe?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Yes, sir; it has been run-
ing up ever since the road was begun, of course
ever since the bonds began to be issued.
Then when we take the Kansas Pacific rail-
way, of whose net income for this year I am
not advised, and I do not know whether it has
made the reports required by law, but I must
suppose it to be something, we find that that
company owed us for interest at the date of
this report, last May, 3826,565 29. Then when
we take the Union Pacific, we find that that
company is behind in the paymeut of its
interest, which the United States has paid for
it out of the Treasury, $4,058,867 21. Then
we find that the central branch of the Union
Pacific is also behind to the extent of
$435,593 84. We find that the Western Pacific
is behind on its interest $299,212 29; and
that the Sioux City and Pacific is behind
$340,350 28. Thus it appears in regard to
these six Pacific railroad companies, to whom
bonds have been issued in aid of their enter-
prise, and for which we have a mortgage upon
their property—a second mortgage, to be
sure—and in respect to which they are debt-
ors to us, in default upon this interest, to the
amount of $11,020,718 09 up to May 1, 18<2.
That has increased, according to the last
statement, of the public debt, just about as
might be expected. The principal outstand-
ing of these bonds was $04,023,312; that prin-
cipal stands the same. I have stated the in-
terest that was due in May last and unpaid
to the United States. There is now due interest
paid bv lite United States, over and above the
hull' l'.oights, $12,564,f>73 19. Hhas increased
from the 1st of May, 1872, to the 1st of January,
1873, something more than a million and a half
dollars.
Mr. CASSERLY. Will the Senator from
Vermont allow me ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Yes.
Mr. CASSERLY. If he will look at the
column of accrued interest not yet paid, the
Senator will see that he has to add nearly two
million dollars to the interest due to the
United States.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The Senator is quite
right. I have been reading from the column
showing the balance of interest that the United
States has actually disbursed upon these bonds.
Of course many of the coupons, amounting, as
my friend suggests, to two millions more, have
not been presented at the Treasury and taken
up; but, of course, the United States is liable
for them, and will have to take them up on
presentation. The result, therefore, is, accord-
ing to the last debt statement, that the balance
of interest paid by the United States is
$12,564,573 19, and interest accrued but
not yet paid, $1,938,705 36; making about
$14,500,000 of money of the people of the
United States, obtained from them by taxa-
tion, which is being paid upon the interest
debt of these railway companies who are now
prosperous, who are now reaping large net
profits from the operations of their lines, and
yet when the Senator from Nevada tells us we
are not only chasing with an illegal warfare,
but with a cruel warfare when we undertake
to say that the amount of freights which they
do for us shall be brought into litigation, not
withheld by operation of law as a right, but
only withheld in order to test the question—
shall be brought into litigation in order to
determine whether there is anything jn the
charters of these companies which enables
them, I will not say to plunder, but I will say
to wrong the people of the United States by
taking their money from their Treasury, when
they themselves are largely in arrear to it and
are able to pay. That is the question.
My honorable friend is mistaken when he
undertakes to tell you that this amendment of
mine decides auy thing against these compa-
nies. On the contrary, it merely professes to
say that the Secretary of the Treasury shall
hold the money, and then it leaves these com-
panies to bring their action in the Court of
Claims, which has complete jurisdiction of all
contracts of affreightment and for transporta-
tion, to recover it, and that will determine the
legal right of the parties one way or the other.
But, Mr. President, the Senator from Ohio
has fears that the Court of Claims will not
have jurisdiction, that there may be some dif
Acuity in these gentlemen being permitted to
bring a suit and uphold it to test this question.
In view of that, I will modify the amendment
that I offered, by adding to it what I ask the
Secretary to read. I have left it at his table.
The Chief Clerk The amendment as mod-
ified reads:
And the Secret n-y of the Treasury is directed to
withhold all payments to any railroad company and
its assigns, on account of freights or transportation
of any kind, to the amount of any payments made
by the United States for interest upon bonus oi the
United States issued to any such company, ami
which shall not have been reimbunsed. And any
such company may bring suit m the Court ot Claims
to recover the price of such freight and transporta-
tion, and in such suit the right of such company to
recover the same upon the law and the tacts ot toe
case shall be determined, and either party to sucb
suit may appeal to the Supreme Court.
Mr. EDMUNDS. This I think wiil relieve
mv friend from Ohio of the difficulty that lie
had as to the capacity of these people to main-
tain a suit in the Court of Claims to test this
question. ' ... ,,
Mr. SHERMAN. If the Senator will allow
me I will suggest a criticism on his amend-
ment. Suppose a snit was brought by one ot
these railroad companies against the United
States in the Court of Claims, that language
would undoubtedly give jurisdiction, but then
the only qnest-ion would be whether we have a
right under the charter to reserve the whole
of the money due for transportation and apply
it to our interest account. That is a weaker
position in my judgment for the United States
than it is for us to sue directly for the interest
we have paid. I submit to the Senator
whether our right to appropriate the whole
of the transportation, the right being already
given to appropriate only half of it, is not a
weaker position than for us at j^ice to sue for
the whole amount of interest and require the
companies to pay it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If I did not know how-
earnest my friend from Ohio is in his wish to
keep this money in the Treasury until the right
of these companies to it shall be determined,
I should have a painful sort of feeling that
some how or other, for some good public rea-
son, he was wishing to contrive "how not to
do it," as the saying is. I make one prop-
osition. The Senator sees a great difficulty.
He is very much in favor of it in general, but
very much opposed to it in particular. Then
to get over that difficulty, I adopt his sugges-
tion that there may be a doubt about the
jurisdiction of the Court of Claims and pro-
pose to confer jurisdiction. No sooner is
that done than my honorable friend from Ohio
sees that that weakens, the position of the
United States, and says we had probably not
better do anything about it at all. That is
what it amounts to.
Mr. SHERMAN. My friend will allow me
to go a step further. 1 showed him a propo-
sition directing the President of the United
States to sue and take the necessary steps
under the law of 1864, which enables the Pres-
ident, if he chooses to do it, to seize either of
these roads, and at once bring the matter to a
termination. It does seem to me that when
my honorable friend is commenting on a prop-
osition upon the legal principle of which he
and I agree, he ought not to seek to misrepre-
sent me. I do not think he intends to do that.
I think myself it would be a better way, and I
suggest it to him, to direct the President of the
United States at once to institute the proper
proceedings by either seizing the road or suing
the companies, to bring the question to a judi-
cial determination. I think there is no diffi-
culty under the charter of 1864. Although I
have not that law before me, I think there is
a clause in the charter which authorizes pro-
ceedings to be commenced in the circuit court
of the United States in New York.
Mr. EDMUNDS. These observations of
my friend from Ohio while I have the floor
and without asking me to give it up, remind
me of the old lady who was in court on a cer-
tain occasion and was giving her testimony as
a witness, and the judge suggested to her that
what she was stating was not relevant to the
case and she need not state it, whereupon she
replied by asking the judge whether she was
telling that story or whether he was. [Laugh-
ter.] I am getting a little curious to know
whether I am making this speech of mine, or
whether my friend from Ohio is. [Laughter.]
If it is I who have the floor, and am making
the speech, then I will go on : and first I will
reply to the good-natured difficulties of my
friend from Ohio.
' He says that my proposition to keep the
■ money until it is determined that we ought to
j pay it. is not a good one ; that the true thing
i to do is to let the money go, and then send the
I President of the United States with the pro-
cess of the law after it by a seizure or some-
thing to get it back again. I appeal in all
seriousness to my friend to reflect upon that
for a little while, and see whether that is the
wise and prudent way to do business. If we
have money in the Treasury which is claimed
by a party to be due from the Treasury to it,
! that party claiming that we are bound to pay
Ij it, we have no just right to withhold it; but
j; if'that party is in our debt and we say, " There
li is a question about this; equity and good con-
ii science require us to see that this money js
