1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1791
been said by many of the most dislinguibhed
writers, and I have no doubt it is true,
I hoj/u then that in this act, unless there i 8
bome strong reason for it, we shall say nothing
at all about "the Church of Jesus Christ of
Latter-Day Saints." Let them find out what
we regard as their error in due time, as they
no doubt will; let them alone and 1 believe
within a single generation from this time,
probably within twenty years, perhaps when a
single life may have gone out, the anomalous
state of society that exists in Utah will dis-
appear and the United Slates will have the
benefit of*the vast physical development made
by these people while the error which grew
up with their organization will have disap-
peared.
Mr. TUUItMAN. I desire to inquire what
if the immediate question before the Senate?
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Ramsey
in the chair.) The question is on the motion
of the Senator's colleague, to strike out the
fifteenth section of the substitute of the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
Mr. THURMAN. This debate is not very
closely confined to the pending question, but
1 do not know that anvthing is lost by that; it
seems to run over the whole bill. I desire to
say something upon the eleventh section of
ihis bill at the proper time: but I think the
bill can best be considered by speaking to the
immediate question which is before the Sen-
ate, as each amendment comes up. Now I
understand that the amendment is to strike
out the fifteenth section.
I think myself that that section is wholly
unnecessary. The courts in Utah have decided
that a person living in bigamy or polygamy is
not a person of good moral character within
the meaning of the naturalization act, and
therefore they refuse to naturalize such per-
sons. Any foreigner living in the state of
polygamy or bigamy in the Territory of Utah
cannot be naturalized while the judges holding
office in that Territory retain office, for they
have solemnly decided that such a person is
nota person of good moral character. Whether
that is a correct decision or not I do not pre-
tfnd to say. The argument in favor of it is
that it is impossible to say that a person who
iiv< s in daily violation of a criminal statute of
the United States can be a person of good
moral character. Now there is no way of
taking that question to any higher judioial
tribunal. The Supreme Court of the United
States has no power to review that decision.
As long therefore as these judges hold office
they will do precisely what this section declares
they shall do, refuse naturalization to any such
person.
My own belief about the policy of this pro-
vision—I say nothing about the correctness
of the decision—coincides with that of my
colleague. I think it would be more politic to
get these people into the Union as citizens of
the Union as fast as possible, and that that
would exercise a salutary influence over them.
But there is no necessity fortius section, after
the decisions that have been made by the courts
in that Territory, and I think myself that it
might just as well be stricken out; but if it is
not stricken out let us see what it is. If it is
not stricken out the inference to be drawn from
it is that before the enactment of this section
it was lawful to naturalize persons living in a
state of bigamy or polygamy. It is inferred
that it is carried by the section, aud that it is
to prevent that that the section is introduced:
in other words, that the courts in that Terri-
tory have been in error in the decision they
have made, and therefore it is necessary^ to
make a positive statute. 1 thiuk the section
can do no possible good and that it might as
well be stricken out,
Mr. SCOTT. Mr, President, whathasbeen
said in reference to striking out this section
hah been bused almost entirely upon a con-
sideration ut the persons who are now in the
Tmitu.-y ; but we ought to remember the fact,
which has been omitted on this debate, that
the very large proportion of the persons in
that Territory have been emigrants from other
countries. Now the policy of our naturaliza-
tion laws was to encourage immigration to
bring the citizens of foreign countries here.
When we have reached a point in our history
where we have enacted a statute making a
criminal offense the practices of the large por-
tion of the people living in the Territory, is it
the policy of this country to say to the citizens
of foreign countries who come for this purpose
that they shall come here and be citizens ?
We have put it upon our statute-book that it is
bad policy to encourage the immigration of
persons who hold to these practices now with-
out reference to its operation upon those who
are at present inhabitants of that Territory
ami not yet naturalized. I think it is the duty
of Congress to say to all foreigners who have
the, idea of coming to this country for the pur-
pose of entering the Mormon Territory that
if they do so they come with the knowledge
that they cannot become citizens while they
persevere in the practices which our statutes
denounce.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, [Mr. Har-
lan in the chair.] The question is on the
amendment of the Senator from Ohio [Mr.
Sherman] to strike out the fifteenth section.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. THURMAN. Now, Mr. President, we
come to somethingci little more material. I
move to amend section eleven by striking out
in the second and third lines of that section
the words " and not that of a lawful wife,"
and inserting in lieu thereof the words ''under
a supposed and not a legal marriage." I beg
particularly the attention of the Senator from
New Jersey, who has the bill in charge, to the
amendment I now offer, and which I think,
upon reflection, he will approve of. The sec-
tion as it now exists, it seems to me, is liable
to the criticism of the Senator from Indiana.
Indeed I see no escape from it. But if it be
amended as I suggest that criticism will be re-
moved.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Will the Sen-
ator state his suggestion again ?
Mr. THURMAN. Yes, sir. It is to strike
out the words "and not that of a lawful wife,"
and to insert in lieu thereof, "and a supposed
and not a legal marriage." The object of
the committee in puttiug in this provision was
that where a woman who was the second,
third, fourth, or fifth wife of a man and not
his legal wife because of his prior marriage,
but who had innocently gone into that relation
with that man, should become convinced that
she ought no longer to live in that relation with,
him, she might have the opportunity to apply
to the court and have some relief and some j
provision for her in case of her abandoning
that relation. The object of the committee, j
as I understood it to be, for I cannot say that |
f was in favor of the section, was really to en-
courage women to abandon this polygamous
life, and as aa encouragement to them to
abandon it to give them some provision out
of their husband's estate so that they might
not be in absolute destitution if they did aban-
don such polygamous life.
It was thought that women are now living
in polygamy in Utah simply because if they:
were to abandon their husbands they and their (
children would be utterly destitute. It was j
thought wise, therefore, to provide that those j
womeu might apply to the court and compel i
their husbands to make some provision for j
them iu case of their relation being dissolved. !
It was not, if I understood it aright, the pur- j
pose of this bill to provide, as its terms would!
include, simply that where two women were,
notoriously and shamefully living in adultery j
with one man they should go into the courts, j
and the courts recognize such an adulter- j
ous connection and m^ke provision out of his i
estate for his mistresses or his concubines, j
That was not the idea of the committee, but I:
the idea of the committee was that those women
who honestly believed themselves to be the
wives of the man, those women who under
the impulses and teachings of their religion
had contracted this connection with him, those
women who, though their habits of life are
condemned by us, were yet in their own con-
science pure and upright women—that they,
upon being convinced that they ought to
abandon that life, should have some provision
made for them.
Now the objection to the section as it
stands is, that it will apply to the most shame-
less and adulterous connection that you can
possibly conceive. The Senator from Indiana
is perfectly right iu saying that any two pros-
titutes who live with a man could avail them-
selves of this section and come in to divide
his property ou the foundation of their vice
and prostitution. That is what the section is.
It ought not to be so.
Mr. PKELIN G H U YSEN. I do not wish
to interrupt my friend, but I have no objection
at all to the words that he proposes, simply pro-
testing, however, that the section as it stands
with the language " spouse or consort and
not that of lawful wife" would not include
prostitution.
Mr. THURMAN. I know my friend never
intended any such thing. He would be the
last man in the world to intend any such thing.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I do not think
it was intended; but I see no objection to the
amendment of the Senator from Ohio.
Mr. THURMAN. Then I will not say
another word about it
Mr. CASSBRLY. I should like the adop-
tion of that amendment to be reserved until
the Senator closes his remarks, for I think it
is liable to some objections which he will yield
to if I mention them.
Mr. THURMAN. I will yield at once to
the Senator from California. I only want to
have it right.
Mr. BOREMAN. Let the amendment be
read.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment of Mr.
Thtjbmak.
Mr. CASSERLY. The difficulty of the sec-
tion is partly obviated by the amendment of
the Senator from Ohio. There still remains
another difficulty which is by no means a slight
one.
Mr. THURMAN. Youassentto my amend-
ment.
Mr. CASSERLY. Yes; but I think the
section ought to be a connected whole when
the proper amendments are made. There is
a difficulty arising out of the employment of
the words "spouse or consort." Those are
not words of reproach in any part of the
world where the English tongue is spoken.
On the contrary, they are everywhere words
of respect, if not of honor. In my own State
where our law of husband and wife, in regard
to the property acquired during marriage, is
based upon the Spanish law, the word
" spouse" is that which is commonly applied
to signify either husband or wife. There is a
line in Shakespeare where one of his heroines
of as the spouse of an honorable
gentleman. "Consort" is not a term of re-
proach any more than " spouse." The Sena-
tor from Vermont, not now in his seat, [Mr.
Edmunds,] usually so accurate, spoke of it
awhile ago as a word applicable to an armed
ship protecting or escorting other ships. For
once, the Senator was mistaken in his explana-
tion of a term of art. The armed ship is the
convoy, but any ship which is in company
with another is a consort of that other ship,
whether it be an armed ship or an unarmed
ship.
Mr. MORTON. The word "consort" is
defined as being a companion without auy
reference to ships; and another definition is
given which describes a ship in the circum-
stance the Senator from California mentions.
Mr. CASSERLY. Certainly. The Senator
