1792
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 26,
from Delaware at my side [Mr. Bayard] very
properly suggests that the etymological mean-
ing of it makes it a very general word appli-
cable to one of any two whose lots are cast
together, from the Latin word consortium.
There are perhaps other objections which,
as I am speaking now by leave of the
Senator from Ohio, I do not wish to urge at
length; in fact, the amendment which I have
drawn after considerable study is perhaps a
better explanation of my views than anything
I could say now in the short time that I prefer
to occupy. I would strike out the first three
lines and a part of the fourth line as far as
and including the word " consort," and insert
instead these words:
That any woman who under color of any alleged
law of the Territory of Utah, or of any other alleged
sanction,or of any peculiar usage or practice equiva-
lent in said Territory, shall hereafter assume—
I do not want this to be retroactive at all, it
ought to be prospective—
shall hereafter assume the relationship of wife,
though she is not a lawful wife, under the laws of
the United States, to any man with his consent who
at the time cohabits with another woman who is his
lawful wife, or whom he holds out as such, may file
her petition, &a.
I admit it is a subject of extreme difficulty.
I find not the least fault with the committee if
they have employed words that in my judg-
ment convey something very different from
what they meant, and if I have failed I shall
ask the same indulgence from the members of
the committee.
Mr. THURMAN. My objection to the idea
of my friend from California is this: that it
rather holds out an inducement to women to
go into this relation. He makes it prospective
that any person who shall hereafter enter into
this relation may have the benefits of this sec-
tion ; that is, may go into court and file a bill
and have alimony, so to speak, out of the es-
tate of th« supposed husband.
Mr. CAS8BRLY. Allow me. Perhaps I
did not understand the Senator's amendment.
I understood that as retaining the word "here-
after" in the bill.
Mr. THURMAN. " Now or hereafter" is
in the bill. I did not touch the word "here-
after." I was going at one thing at a time.
The amendment of the Senator from Califor-
nia would exclude those now living in that
relation, although there might be the strongest
reasons for providing for them.
My judgment about it is that polygamous
marriages are at their climax now, or rather
that that time has passed and has for several
years, and that they are less and less every
year, and every one acquainted with that Ter-
ritory I think will testify that the rising genera-
tion are opposed to polygamous marriages.
In other words, the young Mormon maiden
prefers to have one husband, instead of being
the wife, with half a dozen other women, of
one husband. I think that is the truth of the
matter according to the best evidence we have.
If there are any persons at all who ought to
have the benefit of such a provision as this,
they are the women who are already in that
relation.
Let us see how the matter stands, and I
pray the attention of the Senate to it. One
of the things complained of is this: that a
man after having lived with a woman for
years, when age has stricken her and her
charms are gone, then takes some young wo-
man to be his polygamous wife and utterly
abandons, so far as kindness is concerned or
care is concerned, this woman who had lived
with him for years. Now, if that woman shall
be convinced that it is wrong to live with him in
that way, it does seem to me that she ought
not to be precluded from this provision, if it
is a wise provision at all, because she is in
that position now. I do not think therefore
that, if this section is adopted at all, it ought
to be made entirely prospective and exclude
those who are now living in that relation.
As I said before, the idea of the committee
undoubtedly was that these women should not
be prevented from abandoning that polyg-
amous connection when satisfied that it is
wrong, by the fear of being reduced to absolute
destitution. The real difficulty in my mind
about the section is whether it is wise to adopt
it at all, whether it will not promote litigation
and trouble and discord among people where
there is no discord now. There is nothing in
the world so much to be deprecated as discord
in the domestic relations of a family, and my
great and serious doubt about this whole sec-
tion is whether it is wise to set a parcel of
sharp lawyers to stir up suits for alimony be-
tween these people. I have very great doubts
about it, so much so that I was not in favor of
this eleventh section in committee, and I can-
not say that I am in favor of it yet. But if it
is to be adopted at all, I think the amendment
I have suggested, which it seems meets the
approbation of the Senator having the bill in
charge, will greatly perfect the section.
Mr. NYE. The object I suppose in all this
legislation is to stop polygamous intercourse
in the Territory of Utah. Eror twelve years I
have lived a neighbor to Utah. The State
that I have the honor in part to represent only
for a day or two more was taken from this
Territory of Utah and made into a Territory
by itself. My intercourse with the people of
Utah and my acquaintance with their peculiar
institution have therefore been quite intimate.
There was a schism upon this question when
I first went to Nevada. It has remained ever
since, and will until these people abandon the
polygamous part of their faith. For the last
seven years every year I have listened to long
and earnest petitions and remonstrances as to
what it was best to do for Utah. I join with
everybody in an honest and earnest desire that
the institution of polygamy should be stopped,
and when I say that I am not unmindful, as I
cast my eye over the history of the past, of
the tenacity with which from the organization
of society and the organization of churches,
devotees adhere to their views even amid the
darkest adversity that has ever been witnessed.
Being a Roundhead, a direct descendant from
the Roundheads, I sympathize with that earn-
estness and with that tenacity with which all
denominations can sympathize, and all Chris-
tian associations have suffered trial.
There is something, I do not know what it
is, in the human heart, there is something in
humanity itself, that cause the tenacity with
which men adhere to religious opinions, and
to me it is wonderful and unaccountable. I
have observed this with the Mormons. I think
that their basis is unsolid and wrong ; but yet
when I see honest men tell me that they know
their faith is so and so, that they received such
and such revelations from that mysterious
source that the world has inquired in vain to
know its origin, the older 1 grow the more
charitable I am in my conclusions.
They think they are right. I think they are
wrong. Now, the question comes, how is this
to be remedied. All the Gentile world, taking
the Mormon appellation, the outsiders from
Mormonism, say that this must be broken
down and the whole power of the Government
exerted for its destruction, or we are lost in
the moral standard as viewed by the world.
There is no law for faith ; there is no law for
belief; but there are laws for the government
of people, and when they do a thing that is
offensive to the order of society they ought to
expect, or at least will receive, the condemna-
tion of the majority. The Mormon faith, with
the exception of these modern revelations,
which my iriend, the Delegate from Utah,
who I see here, will excuse me if I say I do
not believe, is the old Bible doctrine of the
Old and New Testaments. They believe in
the same God and in the same Saviour in
whom we believe, but they have got additions
to their faith which I say I question. As a
man thinketh so is he ; and that measure
that we mete out to others shall be measured
unto us.
I am a Presbyterian, Mr. President. I was
baptized a Presbyterian, and I stand by the
old Presbyterian platform, but once in a while
I get hold of a man in conversation that shakes
my faith. My mother was a Presbyterian and
my father was a Presbyterian, and I saw them
launched into the other world in a perfect
honesty of belief that bore them up in the try-
ing hour. I shall not yield my present faith,
either to Mormonism or any other ism, and
yet I think the history of the world will convict
Presbyterians of being rather a sordid set.
But, sir, to me it is a faith; to the Mormons,
their belief is a faith. In the investigation
before the committee of which I have the
honor to be a member we examined all the
grades of Mormons, and they told us that they
regarded it as a religious duty. Mistaken men,
mistaken associations, mistaken church, if you
please, but yet on that conviction they rest as
firmly as you, Mr. President, on any other
doctrine.
They say they have Bible authority. Per-
haps they have Bible example. They say that
their belief is in accordance with the whole
lives of those who make up the Old Testament.
They say that Daniel's vision points in this
way. I heard it demonstrated in the Taber-
nacle at Salt Lake by a very able man that
Daniel discovered precisely where his religion
was to be reborn and that the same mountains
prophesied by him surrounded Salt Lake now.
I doubt myself whether Daniel wandered by
alkaline waters, having his choice of a large
territory where he resided. [Laughter.] I
do not believe this thing and yet they do as
honestly as I believe it is not so. Now the
point in this whole legislation is this: How is
polygamy to be stopped ? I would stop it by
congressional law; but when and how to stop
it is another thing.
The honorable Senator from Ohio, nearest
to me, [Mr. Sherman,] told you, Mr. Presi-
dent, a great truth when he said that these
Mormons had performed what was almost
providential in its character for the settlement
of this continent. Driven, or taking them-
selves—I will not say driven, but taking them-
selves from their surroundings in old eastern
States they wandered away across the track-
less continent to the valley of Salt Lake, as
sterile as any deserts upon which man can
tread, as uninviting as anything you can
imagine ; and with nothing save the light of
the stars by which they steered, they sought a
home away from the persecutions of their old
States here and settled, God knows how, in
that valley .of Salt Lake ; and there in the
midst of the desert they have made the fields
bud and blossom like the rose, and the busy
ium of industry is seen and heard all around.
There the weary emigrant as he was wind-
ing his way to the golden land found a green
spot upon which he could rest his foot; the
child found milk, and oh, sir, how the children
of the emigrant languished for that. The
men found meat which is intended for strong
men; the traveler found rest, and the weary
repose; and, sir, much of it was by the charity
of the Mormons.
I linger upon these kindly recollections. I
speak a little in the spirit of gratitude with
which the hearts of fathers and mothers and
children were filled; and you see there now
one of the most prosperous cities of our con-
tinent, certainly of the entirely internal cities.
There, sir, you see the Mormon temple and
there the Christian church. The chimes of
the Episcopal church there ring out with as
full clearness and with as much gusto as they
ring anywhere, and the services of the Chris-
tian church are never disturbed by the med-
dling of the Mormons, and so vice versa.
But, Mr. President, the peculiar institution
of Mormonism is a great sore that never can
be cured by one dose, ^ou must give alter-
atives, you must give sedatives, you must
change the current of the blood and put it in
another direction, and then you are doing
