832
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 24,
applied to oar debt," is it not better that we
should hold it, on all principles of jurispru-
denceand justice, until that question is determ-
ined than to pay the money and then seek
for some redress to get it back again or get ail
equivalent in respect to the offset that we
claimed? Would it not be more harsh toward
these companies, would it not be more detri-
mental to their interests to direct the Presi-
dent of the typited States to bring this to a
test by taking possession of their line than
it would be merely to hold on to the small
amount of freights that may or may not be
due to them for property of ours that they
carry ?
Let us see how much these companies have
earned in carrying this freight for us. All of
these companies together, during all this period
of time, have earned on Government freight
$3,611,152 09; or rather I should say that is
the total amount of interest repaid by trans-
portation, and of course the earning of freight
is just double that according to the construc-
tion that is now put upon the law; so that we
have received into the Treasury during all this
period of time, to apply to this interest out of
the transportation of these companies, a little
over $3,000,000, and this has been now foreight
years. It will take us two years to determine
this question. If we withhold this half freight
for two years, what would it amount to? Alto-
gether in the two years it might amount to
$1,000,000.
So, then, if you are disposed to emancipate
yourself from the control of these corpora-
tions, you have the alternative presented by
my proposition, of keeping this million of
money in the Treasury as it is earned, and
letting the question be tested here in Wash-
ington in the Court of Claims and in the Su-
preme Court as to our respective rights to it;
or that suggested by my friend from Ohio,
which is to give thein this million dollars
from day to day and from year to year, and
then bring a suit which will determine the
rights of the parties, we being the complain-
■ ants, which, in the ordinary courts of the
United States, as everybody knows, wjll take
twice or three times as long as in the Court
of Claims; and then, when there shall be a
final determination, if it should happen to be
in our favor, this million of dollars—not a
great deal, to be sure—is gone, and we can
only save what is to come afterward. That
is not the best way.
The criticism that my friend from Ohio
makes as to narrowing the position of the
United States, I submit to him is an unjust
oue. This proposition does not undertake to
define anybody's rights. It only undertakes
to say " Hold on to the money; any party who
claims this money may sue for it, and if he can
make out that he has a right to recover it, let
him." It does not undertake to say that the
defense of the United States shall stand on the
charter alone, or upon that particular clause in
the charter which speaks of withholding one
half the transportation, but it allows the suit
to proceed upon the same principle, on which
all other suits proceed, and that is, that each
party brings before the court his whole case,
all his allegations and counter-allegations and
proofs, and thereupon, on the whole case, on
the law and the facts as there stated, the Su-
preme Court decide—and they cap decide
within a year if the parties are willing to make
the question—decide whether, under all the
circumstances, we have a right, under any
form, to withhold these freights and to apply
the money to this interest.
I am making no raids upon these companies.
I have no fault to find with them; I am not
their critic. But it is a part of my business,
representing a portion of the people of the
United States—not a very large one to be sure,
but representing some portion of the people
of the United States—to endeavor to see to it
that their interests are protected. The Sen-
ator from Nevada says that I am forcing this
upon an appropriation bill, and the Senator
from Ohio has said that. Why, Mr. President,
these gentlemen must be strangely forgetful.
I did not bring this subject into an appropri-
ation bill. The House of Representatives
brought it into this appropriation bill, and
declared in the last clause of the act which they
have sent to us for our consideration:
"That the ninth section of an act making appro-
priations for the support of the Army, and for other
purposes, for the year ending Juno 30, 1872, ap-
proved March 3,1871, is hereby repealed."
What was that ninth section? That section
is the one that the honorable Senator from
Nevada read, which requires the Secretary of
the Treasury to pay over to these companies
the total amount of the half freights earned
that they claimed; in other words, commanded
him to yield to theirclaim and pay the money.
Now the House of Representatives say "We
will repeal that proposition." Is it not per-
fectly germane to that proposition, is it not
perfectly appropriate in respect to this propo-
sition, to declare, if the Secretary is relieved
from that duty, what his duty shall be on the
same subject? No man can deny it. I have
not thrust this question into this bill here ; it
is before us, ana I will take occasion to say,
as I sit down, that I am very glad it is before us.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I wish to ask
a question of the Senator from Vermont, for
I want to understand this subject. My inquiry
is this : if we assume that the railroad com-
pany is not bound to pay the interest till the
end of thirty years, is there then any question
that the Government should withhold more
than half the compensation?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I maintain that there is,
even in that case. That was my opinion when
we had the matter in committee, if I am
authorized to state what my opinion there
was; and it was my opinion when we did get
out of committee that, although the interest
paid by us might not be enforceable by pro-
cess of law until the end of thirty years, it
did not follow that under the circumstances
we were not entitled to retain in the Treasury,
to the extent of any unpaid interest, the sum
of money that may have been advanced. That,
to be sure, is not the strongest point about it,
but that is a matter which I should be very
far from admitting to be the opposite of what
I have said.
Mr. STEVENSON. I wish to offer an
amendment in lieu of the latter clause of the
amendment of the Senator from Vermont,
which I ask to have read.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Ferry,
of Michigan, in the chair.) The amendment
of the Senator from Kentucky will be read by
the Secretary.
The Chief Clerk. The proposed amend-
ment is to strike out of the pending amend-
ment the following words:
And such company may bring suit in the Court of
Claims to recover the price of such freight and
transportation, and in such suit the right of such
company to recover the same upon the law and the
tacts oi the case shall be determined; and cither
party to such suit may appeal to the Supreme
Court.
And to insert in lieu thereof the following :
And it shall be the duty of the President of the
United States to take immediate steps for the insti-
tution of such friendly suit or suits in the Court of
Claims, which is hereby invested with full jurisdic-
tion to adjudicate thereon, against the Central Pa-
cific railroad, tho Kansas Pacific railroad, the Union
Pacific railroad, the central branch Union Pacific
railroad, and the Sioux City and Pacific railroad, to
recover from said railroads the interest paid by the
United States on bonds issued for the use of either
of said railroads.
^ Mr. STEVENSON. Mr. President, the
Senator from Vermont and myself seek the
same object; that is, a judicial adjudication
upon the claims of the United States upon the
Pacific railroad companies. He has antici-
pated me in much that I intended to say had I
obtained the floor earlier m support of my
aanendment. 1 rise now to say in reply to the
Senator from Nevada that the Committee on
Appropriations have sought to do these rail-
roads no injustice and are not justly subject
to his criticism. That Senator will remember
that nearly a year ago I offered an amendment
precisely similar in its intent to the one that I
now propose. The object which I then sought
and which I now seek to obtain was an author-
itative adjudication in the courts of the rights
and claims of the United States upon these
Pacific railroad companies. The Senator
from Nevada at that time rose in his place
to oppose my amendment and succeeded in
defeating it. The Senator from Ohio [Mr.
Sherman] gallantly came to my relief and
begged the friends of these railroad companies
to accept my amendment. Both he and I
deemed that it was just, that it was right,
and that it was eminently just and proper
and sternly demanded by the interest of all
parlies.
1 have formed no opinion as to what the
legal rights of the United States are against
these companies. I should require strong evi-
dence, however, to enable me to concur in the
conclusion of the Judiciary Committee that
the interest on the debt due to the United
States was not payable until the maturity of
the principal. I cannot believe that the Con-
gress of the United States intended to loan
$64,000,000 to these companies upon a con-
tract which required the payment of not a
cent of interest upon a debt evidenced by bonds
with coupon interest warrants attached, pay-
able semi annually, until the period of the ma-
turity of the bonds themselves. I cannot per-
suade myself that the Congress of the United
States would give to these railroad companies
an amount of bonds which, if the Senator from
Nevada and the Judiciary Committee of the
Senate be right in their construction of these
obligations, will bring the railroad corpora-
tions at the period of the maturity of these
bonds, supposing the present rate of payments
of the interest to go on, in debt to the United
States $151,227,383 89. Sir, it seems at first
sight incredible. It may turn out to be the
true legal construction, but it is a legal anomaly
that the Government of the United States
should be persuaded to issue its bonds with
semi-annual coupons for the interest attached
to these Pacific railroad companies, and at the
same time say to them, " We demand no in-
terest upon these obligations for thirty years."
Without overwhelming proof I should be slow
in adopting any such construction. I confess
that my cursory examinations of the act of
1862 and 1864 evidencing the contract, which
I cpnfess has been very imperfect, have not
brought me to any such conclusion.
I prefer, therefore, to express no opinion
as to what the legal rights of either the United
States or these railroad companies are. I
am aware that some of the most eminent legal
minds have given a construction to this con-
tract which relieves the companies from all
legal liability for the payment of interest until
the maturity of the bonds. Others equally
distinguished insist that the true construction
of tnese acts i3 that the United States have
a right to demand the interest upon these
bonds annually, and that these companies are
in default in withholding the payment thereof.
Upon no legal proposition has there been a
greater contrariety of opinion.
I have not proposed to decide nor do I
believe the Senate should decide purely judi-
cial questions. They should be remanded to
the courts Without desiring to do any injustice
to these railroad corporations, and disclaim-
ing for the committee or myself all purpose
of wrong to any of them, I rose in the Senate
a year ago to insist that the Attorney General
should immediately institute legal proceedings
to ascertain what the legal liabilities of these
railroad companies to the United States were
under these loans and mortgages. The Sen-
ator from Nevada then opposed the proposi
tion with as much zeal as he does now, and
insisted it was unwise, unjust, and unnecessary.
He was as unwilling then as now to brinn the
