1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
i m
what wise men ought to do. We might apply
to them the words of Moore:
" Like the stained web that whitens in the sun.
Grow pure by being purely shone upon."
Surround them as they are now being sur-
rounded with Gentile influences; show them
by the very different example of the Gentile
world that they are but human beings after
all; and seeing the comparatively resplendent
glory reflected from the Gentile world, the
young Mormons will flee from that ark like a
drowning rat.
Therefore, sir, after the long years that I
have had* to do with this question, I have come
to the conclusion that gentle means are the
best. I remember when they weredriven from
Nauvoo, and that made ten Mormons where
it saved a single man from being one. 'l'hat
little band when they started out went clothed
in the habiliment, as they believed, of faith.
They were armed for all emergencies through
this faith. It was the star by which they
steered and the garment with which they were
clothed. Now, sir, the lime has come when
Isay to the Mormons, "You must abandon that
idea ; throw up that foolish whim or preju-
dice, whichever it may be ; rejectyour modern
prophesies, and return to the prophesies of
the olden times." When thatis done this will
be all settled. But that friction that has been
going on for yeais between the Gentiles and
the Mormons has made it difficult for men
with their judgment to mount above their
prejudicies and they have become clannish.
This is a natural result, and one entirely in
keeping and in consistence with the history of
these frictions wherever they have occurred.
Now we have come to the point where some-
thing must be done. What is my advice, Mr.
President, you may ask, or some one may do
me the honor to inquire? My advice is to do
just as little as possible not inconsistent with
the public sentiment, and nothing that is
cruel or oppressive toward the Mormons.
When you come to look at this bill there
are some features of it that require attention.
The main point is secured to prevent polyg-
amy; but there are some features of this bill
that look a little as if they were born in some
other spirit than a desire for quiet. For in-
stance, I refer to the fifteenth section, where,
if a Mormon is guilty of this impropriety, he
never shall become a citizen of the United
Sates. My friend from New Jersey shakes
his head. I thought it was further than he
would go.
Mr. FBELINGHUYSEN. The language
of the section is, ''while in the practice of
polygamy."
Mr. NYE. " Though your sins be as scarlet,
they shall be as white as snow." Does the
Senator forget that? But here if a man has
ever had any polygamous intentions he shall
not be a citizen.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Oh, no.
Mr. NYE. Certainly ; I go further than
the amendment.
Mr. FREL1NGHUYSEN. Oh!
Mr. NYE. But that is the sentiment shad-
owed forth by that section: u You foreigner,
you that come from England, or Wales, or
Norway, or any other country, if you have
ever imbibed or believed this Mormon doc-
trine. and have practiced therein, the gates of
American citizenship are closed against you.
What an imposing penalty is that I You
have sinned in this one thing and no other, and
therefore you shall not be an American citizen i
Mr. President, the essence of American citizen-
ship is incalculable in its value. Will you say
to the man that leaves his own country and
after kissing the last tear from the cheek of his
mother, endures the dangers of the sea to come
to this country to tind a home, '< If you im-
bibe for one hour this doctrine of polygamous
intercourse, you are a lost man forever ? Sir,
thatis not in accordance with the judgments
of our Master. He said of the woman who
sinned, "Let the man who is without sin cast
42  OoNa. 3d Susti.—No. 113.
the first stone ; " and history has failed to
record that there was a stone thrown. [Laugh-
ter.] She was sorry for her sins and no man
dared stone her. So I say as to the man who
has been a little too thick with polygamy, let
the Senate stone him, let the world stone him
under the same limitation, and it will not hurt
him much, I am sorry to say.
Now, Mr. President, there is the sin, and
here is the punishment, shutting up the gates
of mercy to the penitent. Against that I pro-
test in my own manhood.
The Mormons are fully as anxious to have
this matter settled as the Gentile world. What
they want is that it shall be settled so as not
to humiliate or destroy them; for I hold that
the Senate does not mean to legislate that
Brigham Young shall not have his religion.
All we want is that they shall drop this plague
spot upon modern civilization. Let us reach
that object in the most direct way. It seems
to me that a single enactment, a single sec-
tion can reach it, providing that they shall not
indulge in the practice, and that if they do,
they shall recieve the severest penalties pre-
scribed by the law.
The Gentile world out there are getting a
little selfish too. My colleague has had some
experience in that. When large losses are in-
curred and large business interests are in the
scale, this jealousy that has always existed
between the outside world and Mormonism
becomes quickened into action. The Gentiles
say they cannot get a fair jury trial with Mor-
mons, and the Mormons say they cannot get a
fair jury trial with the Gentiles. My impres-
sion is at the present moment that they can-
not, either of them. That is my judgment.
They have need to be always suspicious of the
results of trials conducted in that way.
Now it is proposed by the honorable Senator
from New Jersey, who represents here one of
the mostimportant committees in our catalogue
of committees, that we shall have three per-
sons to draw the jury. The original bill pro-
vided, if I am correct, that those persons
should be the judge, the clerk, and the mar-
shal. I think if I were a Mormon I should be
a little suspicious of that- tribunal. It seems
to me that such a provision would endanger
the line of demarcation that has always existed
between courts and juries. All lawyers and
observers have witnessed the great benefits
that have resulted from the entire separation
and severance of the courts and the juries.
Give a bad man the office of judge, and he
can secure just such verdicts as he would make
himself. Give a careless man a judgeship, and
he can secure verdicts that will endanger the
peace of your community. Give an evil man
this power, and the glory of the judiciary will
fade before his influence. I would not have
Mormon juries nor Gentile juries; but I hope
the time has arrived when the Mormons and
Gentiles have come to the conclusion, like
sensible men, that they will take their jurors
from the best citizens they have, and abide
their verdicts like men. Sir, language cannot
describe the benefits to the world ot trial by
jury. In its purity and its isolation, as well
from judicial power as any other, consists its
principal glory.
The judge has no more business to hoia
intercourse with the jury when it is called out
than a stranger, unless he does it in the
presence of the parties. The jury is the
bulwark of protection. It has knocked the
shackles from off the supposed criminal and
it has bound in chains the guilty, as it ought
to do. I am suspicious of any influence to
break its power. It is better sometimes to
suffer a wrong than to right it so as to produce
a revulsion and convulsion. It may be that
my fears are imaginary ; but I want no pack-
ing of juries. If this bill gives these people
honest juries, I shall be content and more than
satisfied; but it seems to me it might be a
little more conciliatory in its character. We
should not at least take the character of the
formation of that jury, the last hope that llie
Mormon may have.
These are the views that I entertain. I
state to you, sir, and to the Senate and to the
world that polygamy ought to be stopped. I
will go as far as any man to help stop it; bat
in that effort do not let us do a thing by the
enactment of a law that will not redound to
the glory of those who pissed it, or promote
the peace and quiet of the community. Sir, it is
now but a day's journey, comparatively speak-
ing, to Salt Lake; it is but a day's journey to
cities beyond Salt Lake where the ideas that
the Mormons entertain do not prevail. My
colleague and myself can go in two hours from
Salt Lake to another State where I am happy
to say this practice does not prevail. Being
hemmed in all around by influences that the
world never can put down, a good, sound,
healthy public sentiment is the bane of Mor-
monism , and that is what will destroy it. Mor-
mon society is very different from what it used
to be. There are now probably thirty-five thou-
sand young men and women there, and the
young Mormons are going to have each other
by the throat when one takes after the other's
girl. [Laughter.] There is the remedy.
Already there is a breach in their church.
Some of the wealthiest and most leading men
among them are denouncing this practice of
polygamy. The internal influence of this wall
of surrounding public sentiment is working a
greater revolution there than your laws can
make.
I should therefore prefer to have a commis-
sion consisting of three Mormons and three
Gentiles for the selection of these juries, the
Mormons standing in the simple habiliments
of country gentlemen on the one side, and the
marshal and the clerk and the judge with their
power on the other. I think 110 danger need
be apprehended under such a provision. If
we cannot get three from the Territory, I want
two. In that way by association, which is
more purifying than anything else, they will
learn to see that it is idle for them to resist
longer, and you will see Mormon and Gentile
in the same jury-box mingling in honest coun-
sel to determine the honest rights of individ-
uals.
Such are my sentiments on this question,
and I have thought it no more than my duty to
state them. I have watched this organization
for twelve years. I know it pretty well. They
have done some wrong things, but where is
the set of men that have not ? Every day's
experience teaches us that in the midst of
better surroundings men may sometimes do
wrong. In the midst of their surroundings
and impelled by religiousbigotry, these people
have done some things wrong. But, sir, the
past has gone. New sentiments, new people
have grown up here even on our own conti-
nent since Mormonism was planted, and this
seems to me to be a day in which the most
liberal construction should be put upon the
actions of men in order that we may escape
ourselves from the results of our own infirmi-
ties.
I hope that this commission will be formed.
It will be a great good. If it consists of two
persons from the Territory and these three
officers, as they are generally not all present,
it will leave it about a fair thing. I shall
therefore support that proposition. But, sir,
I desire to see the fifteenth section struck out,
for it seems to me to be making sauce for the
goose that is not regarded as sauce for the
gander. My friend from Ohio undoubtedly
agrees with me in this respect. I think that
the foreigner is entitled to all the privileges
that we are. I shall never vote to narrow the
circle of American citizenship, if I can help
it, for a fault in youth or a sin in maturer
years. I give them the benefit of that repent-
ance which alone makes it easy for any of
to resist further temptation, and I would n*-t
withhold from them a single principle that i
would claim for myself.
