1878.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1795
a consort witbin any recognized use of the
Euglish language, and I am informed that the
Mormons themselves do not so denominate
them.
Another objection to the amendment is
that it does not go far enough. Is it pro-
posed by the Judiciary Committee—I certainly
have thought otherwise and am glad to think
otherwise—to make this statute retroactive so
as to inflict an ex pust facto puuihhmeut? if
I am right in that understanding, then the
words "now or" ought to be stricken out.
Let the Mormon be what he wi!)—and nobody
I think condemns more earnestly than I do
the two most objectionable features of their
system, the polygamous feature and the theo-
cratic feature—it is possible to treat him wish
injustice, if not with cruelty. After this
system has existed for so many years with
the tacit consent and the open acquicsence of
the Government, why shall we now proceed on
the strength of past occurrences and past re-
lations to treat him as though he was liable to
be mulcted in the whole of his property, as he
would be if he had many of these plural
wives by reason of those very relations ?
Then, Mr. President, what a contradiction
this section is. What is a divorce? It is the
dissolution of a marriage. What kind of a
marriage ? A lawful marriage. Otherwise
there is no bond to be loosened, no marriage
to be dissolved ; and yet as to past considera-
tions, which everybody agrees are, in the ease
of all these plural wives, grossly unlawful,
simply null and void, we propose to put the
women involved in them on precisely the same
footing as if they were, one and all, lawful
wives. Can that be justified? If so, upon
what basis is it to be justified? Indeed, I
think it is going very far if we provide that
after the passage of this statute we are willing
to give so much right to a woman who shall
assume this unlawful, forbidden, and improper
relation, I think that is going very far of
itself; but to go back and to make this statute
act in favor of the woman, and to the injury
if not to the spoliation of the man and the
beggary of his children, seems to me a thing
that the Judiciary Committee could not have
intended, and which I believe the Senate
would not be willing to concur in.
I supposed that the amendment which I
offered a while ago would meet the views of
the committee, because I believed it undertook
to say what they meant to provide for. It
provides that where hereafter any woman,
under color of any alleged law of the Territory
of Utah, or of any other alleged sanction, or
of any peculiar usage or practice prevalent in
said Territory, shall assume the relation of
wife, though she is not a lawful wife under the
laws of the United States, to any man with his
consent, who at the time cohabits with another
woman who is his lawful wife, or who gives
her out as such, then in that case she shall
have the rights provided for in that section.
I believe whatever other merit this amend-
ment may want it has the merit of using
words known to our English tongue and known
to the law in their natural and settled sig-
nification. I do not know that in order to
reach the difficulty which I have attempted to
state in regard to the first four lines of this
section, I am employing the proper method,
and perhaps the better way would be to allow
the amendment of the Senator from Ohio [Mr.
Thurmax] to be adopted, and then to sub-
stitute my amendment for the four lines of the
scctiou. ,
Mr. THURMAN. The objections of my
friend from California are two : First that the
amendment offered by me does not go far
enough, that I ought to move to strike out
also the words " now or," so that the section
should relate wholly to women who should
Leieufter bear this relation that is spoken ot
' ttH- bill. A sufficient answer to that ob-
•Moti is th.il if my amendment be adopted
■,i;l be )<«.•'fVotly competent for the Senator
j-'
to move to strike out those words, and that will
raise the distinct question then whether the
section ought to apply to existing relations or
ought to be restricted to those that may exist
in the future ; or it will be perfeptly compe-
tent for the Senator after this amendment
shall have been made to move to strike out
the first three or four lines of the section and
insert his amendment, because he can move
to strike out what is inserted if he at the same
time moves to strike out other matter. There-
fore it is a sufficient answer to that objection
to say that he can have the question brought
before the Senate without in the slightest de-
gree affecting or being affected by the adoption
of the amendment which I bax'e suggested.
The other objection is that the section con-
tains the words •' spouse or consort," and my
friend says that those are improper words to
use in this connection. Now upon philolog-
ical questions there is no Senator to whom I
defer as much as to my friend from California,
and I say it in the most perfect sincerity, and
when he says that the word " spouse *' means
" wife " or '• husband," he is perfectly right.
It comes from the French word tpoux, or
epouse, which means wife or husband. He is
perfectly right in saying that, but I think it is
not a very great violation of philology to say
that a person bears the relation of husband or
wife though not legally husband or wife. I
think that accurate language in a statute, and
therefore I do not think that the section is
subject to criticism on that account.
But there is a reason that I commend to the
consideration of my friend from California.
He does not want, I am sure, to stigmatize
these women who have from religious motives,
in the most perfect sincerity of faith and with
the utmost purity of intention, entered into
these relations as prostitutes, as meretricious
women ; he would not do any such thing as
that; and if he would not, why not use respect-
ful language toward them?
Mr. CAS5ERLY. I see the Senator from
Ohio has come to a point where he might stop,
and therefore I will say, with his permission,
that 1 think there is nothing at ail disrespect-
ful in the language ot my amendment. It
speaks of any woman who under color of any
alleged law of the Territory or any alleged
sanction, &c., shall hereafter assume the rela-
tion of wife, though she is not a lawful wife.
It seems to me that is preciesly what is
said in the bill as the Senator from Ohio has
left it by his amendment, except that instead
of using the word ''wife," he uses "spouse or
consort," which I think- is not only an incor-
rect, because ambiguous use of those words,
but less discriptive than the word '* wife,"
which I have employed.
Mr. THURMAN. Mr. President, I was not
saying that the proposed amendment of my
friend from California was wrong or disrespect-
ful, or that it contained any stigma. What I
was saying was that the words used in this
statute inflict no stigma, and that that was a
recommendation. If the section be amended
as I propose, it then deals with the women,
who, as I have said, under the impulses of a
firm belief on their part that they were doing
right in the sight of God and man, entered into
this relation. I do not want to stigmatize them ;
ni-i:her does my friend from California; and
I believe the language in the section is perhaps
well chosen so as to avoid any such thing. It
is not my language. The section was not
drafted by me, not a word of it. Bat, as I
said before, 1 have the most serious doubts
whether the whole seeuoii ought not to be
stricken out; or rather I have most serious
doubts whether it ought to stand.
The trouble about the section is this, if it
stands in the bill in any form in which it can
be pat: we know from what has been told us
by those who have investigated the subject
that polygamous marriages in Utah are
becoming more and more unpopular with the
Mormons themselves. The doctrine of polyg-
amy has already produced a schism in that
church, and every person acquainted with the
facts in that Territory will unite in saying that
the young generation, that generation which is
now growing np, is more and more opposed to
polygamy. The young Mormon women
prefer to be the sole wives of their hus-
bands, apd they are encouraged I am in-
formed, and I believe it too, by even their
polygamous mothers in taking that stand.
That is the state of society there now, and that
being the case, I have very grave doubts
whether it is advisable to introduce diseord
into families, as this eleventh section may do.
For let us see what maybe th&practical effect
of this seetion. The practice effect of it may
be that wherever a woman becomes discon-
tented with her Mormon husband, some petti-
fogging lawyer, who seeks simply to make
lucre for himself, may stimulate her to com-
mence a suit nnder this section, and where
cow there is harmony in the family, there may
be introduced the greatest discord and con-
tention.
Now, sir, this thing must be observed in
regard to the Mormon ehurch : it is not very
popular with the legal profession, to which I
belong, and one reason why it is not very pop-
ular with the legal profession let me say is
precisely the same reason why our friends, the
Methodists, once were not very popular with
the legal profession; and why? lean recol-
lect when I was a boy reading in the Metho-
dist Discipline that if any brother wenfto law
with his brother, without first submitting the
matter to the ehurch, he should be disciplined.
I remember that very well, and I remember
the time when no Methodist dared to sue his
brother in any court before he brought the
disagreement before the ehurch and the
brethren had endeavored to compose or settle
the difficulty ; and I am not quite sure that it
i3 not an unfortunate thing that that good old
custom has fallen into disuse in that great and
powerful church. But the custom in the Mor-
mon church is that the difficulties between the
brethren, whether of property or otherwise,
must first be submitted to the church, and the
fact is that ninety-nine cases out of a hundred
are sumitted to the church and decided by it,
and decided, I am told, generally to the satis-
faction of all concerned.
But that is not very favorable to the profes-
sion of the law; and therefore you caa very
well conceive that while there are a ^ great
many honorable professors of the law in the
Territory of Utah, there may be soma petti-
fogging men who like to stir up litigation
there, and who would like very well indeed to
have some suit against a wealthy or prosper-
ous Mormon that would put fees into their
pockets.
I have very great doubts whether this whole
eleventh section ought to stand. _ I must con-
fess that the inclination of my mind is that the
whole thing ought to be stricken out; but if
it is not to be stricken out, let us attempt to
perfect it.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, I am in
favor of those provisions in this bill which
look to cutting ap the institution of polygamy
by the roots, but to operate only in the future.
I am not in favor of disturbing the existing
relations in that, Territory for the reasons that
1 gave before. I think there is neither Chris-
tianity nor humanity in it; and I think that it
would be as well to leave what there is there
now alone as nearly as possible.
But on reflection I am inclined to the opin-
ion that this whole section should be stricken
out for the reason given by the Senator from
Ohio, among others, that it offers a temptation
to busybodies, intermeddlers, and speculators
to stir up dissensions in Mormon families and
get Mormon wives to institute proceedings in
court to secure a part of the property of the
husbanu, and that m that way it might be pro-
ductive of evil.
But 1 desire to c.til t:ie attention of the Sen-
