836
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 24,
States and that there will be none until the
principal matures.
That being so, there is no question but that the
United States is bound to pay one half compen-
sation for its freight: the act of 1864 expressly
declares that " only one half of the compensa-
tion for services rendered to the Government
by the companies shall be required to be ap-
plied to the payment of the bonds issued by
the Government in aid of the construction of
the said road." These words amount to a-
negative pregnant with the affirmative that
the Government shall pay in cash for one half
of the compensation for the services rendered.
If the debt from the railroad companies to the
Government is not due and will not be due
until the end of the thirty years, the Govern-
ment has no claim to set off against the one
half compensation which the act declares must
be paid.
My conclusion, Mr. President, is that while
I am desirous of affording every facility to
have this question judicially investigated and
determined, until that adjudication is made
•we must continue to pay one half compensa-
tion for the service rendered the Govern-
ment. As the ease stands to-day on the re-
port of the Judiciary Committee, the presump-
tion is that the companies are entitled to one
half compensation. Without repudiating the
construction of the law given by our own
committee and adopted by Congress, we cannot
withhold this compensation ; and there would
be impropriety in incidentally acting contrary
to the adjudication of the committee. I will
cheerfully vote for any provision that shall
facilitate the investigation of this subject, but
I cann'ot withhold the money when the pre-
sumption, as the case stands, is that the com-
panies are entitled to one half compensation.
I, as other Senators, wish to keep good faith
with these railroad companies in their days
of evil report as well as in their days of
good report. And although it does not affect
the question, let me say, in my opinion, that
this Government might better have paid the
entire expense of the road than that this great
highway should not have been constructed.
We should carefully keep our faith with those
who invested their capital in this important
enterprise; and our action, too, should be
uniform, and not so vacillating as even tem-
porarily to affect the value of their investment
in the market.
I will vote, sir, for any suitable measure
which will facilitate an investigation and decis-
ion of the respective rights of the railroads
and of the United States, but I will vote for
no measure that withholds payment while the
presumption is, as it is by the decision of the
Judiciary Committee, that they are entitled
to one half compensation.
Mr. STEWART. Congress in passing the
act of 18G2did not neglect to provide a remedy
for the failure of the company to pay what was
due to the Government, and in the fifth sec-
tion it was provided:
"And to secure the repayment to the United
States, as hereinafter provided, of the amount of
sai<i bonds so issued and delivered to said company,
together with all interest thereon which shall have
been paid by the United States, the issue of said
bonds and delivery to the company shall ipto facto
constitute a first mortgage on tho whole line of the
railroad and telegraph, together with the rolling-
stock, fixtures, and property of every kind and
description, and in consideration of which said
bonds may be issued; and on the refusal or failure
oi said company to redeem said bonds or any part of
them, when required so to do by the Secretary of the
Treasury, in accordance with the provisions of this
act, the said road, with all the rights, functions,
immunities, and appurtenances thereunto belong-
ing, and also all lands granted to the said company
by the United States, which at the time of said
default shall remain in tho ownership of the said
company, may be taken possession of by the Secre-
tary of tho Treasury, for the use and benefit of the
United States: Provided, This section shall not
apply to that part of any road now constructed."
Mr. EDMUNDS. Lest I should forget it,
I wish to ask the Senate to pay attention for a
moment to my friend from Nevada, and his
new method of getting out these companies
from having the thing tried; that is, he under-
takes to have us believe, that inasmuch as the
United States have a mortgage upon this prop-
erty, that mortgage is the exclusive remedy,
and that we cannot do anything else than
enforce our rights under the mortgage, if I
correctly understand him.
Mr. STEWART. No; that is a cumulative
remedy. If they have not paid, the Secretary
can seize. Besides you have a remedy in the
courts. You have a thousand remedies.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then my friend says the
mortgage is only a cumulative remedy. That
is what I say. Then what is the object of
bringing forward the mortgage here as a means
of defeating the proposition to have it tried
between the parties ? What has it to do with
the subject?
Mr. STEWART. To show that you have
remedies enough .already, that legislation is
unnecessary.
Mr. EDMUNDS. My friend is on policy ;
that it is not a comfortable thing to keep this
money. I thought he was arguing a matter of
law.
Mr. STEWART. I do argue it as matter of
law ; and when you have an ample remedy at
law, I do not think it is becoming to come into
the Congress to confiscate somebody's property
until you have tested it. That is the point.
Mr. EDMONDS. I do not now understand
my friend really, whether we are on the point
of what is becoming, or whether we are on the
question of what our legal rights are.
Mr. STEWART. We are on the question
of whether the United States has a remedy.
That is the question we are talking about. It
is pretty clear that they have a remedy to sue
for the amount due on the bonds. In the act
itself they had another remedy provided, to
foreclose the mortgage and take possession of
the property., Those are two distinct reme-
dies. Now, the Senator from Vermont pro-
poses to issue his execution before he tries
either one of those remedies. He proposes,
by an act of Congress, to take a portion of the
property from them, a portion of their rights
from them, which it has been the opinion of
the Departments, and of the Judiciary Com-
mittee, and of Congress that they were enti-
ced to. He proposes to do that by an act of
Congress now, before either one of the reme-
dies already provided is exhausted.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Now, I believe I under-
stand the Senator. He says now that we have
two remedies. One is our ordinary remedy
inter partes upon principles of law, and the
other is our remedy upon the mortgage ; but
inasmuch as we have two remedies, the height
of wisdom is not to take either. That is about
the substance of it, because taking the remedy
uuder the mortgage at the end of the thirty
years, when, as the Secretary shows us, upon
the theory of my friend, that we do not apply
this transportation to keep down the interest,
the amount that these companies would owe
us, (and_I ask every Senator to take it into
his consideration, to see how immeasurably
absurd this proposition of my friend from
Nevada is,) the amount that will bo due upon
the mortgage at the end of thirty years, deduct-
ing only one half of the transportation, as is
now done, would be the modest little sum of
$151,227,383 89.
Mr. STEWART. Will my friend allow me
to put 
Mr. EDMUNDS. Not just now. I have
not finished what I have already in hand.
Mr. STEWART. I want to put him straight
there.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Senators
must address the Chair, and not interrupt
other Senators.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I feel so sure that the
honorable Senator from Nevada will get me
entangled in this business that I, from mere
motives of prudence and precaution, am obliged
to go on just at this moment.
So we fin'd that this mortgage remedy, that
has come in as a kind of after-birth to this
business, would give the United States, in the
year 1894, or between 1894 and 1900, a right
to foreclose a mortgage for the payment of the
sum of $151,000,000, in round numbers.
Mr. STEWART. I should like to ask the
Senator a question right there.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from Vermont yield to the Senator
from Nevada ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Oh, no ; I am afraid about
these questions. I must be excused just now.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator declines to yield.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is the mortgage
remedy, Mr. President. But my honorable
friend from Nevada says it is true that we
have also the ordinary right of people who are
dealing with each other just as private indi-
viduals do ; if I make a mortgage to my friend
from Nevada to secure him as my surety upon
a promissory note that is running for twenty
years, and he has been obliged to pay the in-
terest upon it, we all understand that he has
two remedies. His mortgage is an ultimate
security. It may be good or it may be bad;
that depends upon the value of the property.
But every moment he pays a dollar for me as
my surety, not only the principles of justice
hut the principles of law require me to make
him good, and authorize him to compel me to
make him good if I do not do it of my own
free will. That is exactly this case. Here
we are the sureties for these companies upon
these bonds and for this interest. The cred-
itor comes and says to the company, " We
want the money." They say they have not.
got it. They come to us and say that we have
money and they want it; we are the surety,
and we pay it. Certainly prima facie, unless
you have got a contrivance in this act instead
of an honest thing, it is the duty of these com-
panies to make this interest good, just as they
do on their other mortgages, and do it at once;
and if they do not we have the right to compel
them in some way. The difficulty is how.
The Senator from Illinois says we can sue
them in any district in which they may be
found. Where are you to find a corporation?
As you find my honorable friend, whose where-
abouts are always known, because the eyes of
the country are upon him, just as the eyes of
Delaware were upon somebody else on a cer-
tain occasion ? [Laughter.] We know where
he is all the time. But the corporation is an
ideal thing that only exists in contemplation
of law. It may be in the District of Columbia.
I do not know where its president is. He
may be here now attending to the Credit
Mobilier business, for anght I know. But
nobody maintains here that we can sue the
Union Pacific Railroad Company for this bal-
ance of interest we have paid because its pres-
ident happens to be in the District of Colum-
bia, or its clerk, or whatever the officer may
be. I should hardly suppose that. The pres-
ident is not the company. He does not stand
in the same relation to the company that the
Bishop or the Pope is said to stand to the
Church, that he is the Church. The president
is not the company; he is only an agent of it.
His duties are prescribed by the charter aDd
by the by-laws. He is not a representative of
the company for the purpose of being sued
wherever he may happen to be. Therefore
you must find the spot where the company
itself has its legal abiding place, and then you
can sue it unquestiQnably.
Now as to these companies that are moving
their principal office from State to State,
whether you are to sue the Union Pacific
Railroad Company now in the State of New-
York or in the district of Massachusetts I
cannot tell. It may be that lawyers who might
be employed would think that one State was
the right place ; and it would take a year or
two to find out, if an objection were made,
whether it was the right place or not. It might
turn out to be the wrong place, and then tho
