im
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 26,
ate to another effect of this section, not con-
templated I think by the framers of it. It is
general in its character. It applies to all the
Territories I believe. It is not confined to
Utah, is it?
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Not by express
terms.
Mr. MORTON. No, sir; it is a general
statute ; nor is it confined to cases of Mormon
marriages by any means. That was in the
minds of the committee but that is not in the
bill. It is applicable to any case where a man
has married a second wife having a lawful
wife living, and it enables her to come forward,
bring her bill it^o court, obtain alimony from
him, and compel him to divide his property
with her, although she knew when she mar-
ried him that he had a wife living, that he has
children by a lawful wife. It enables such a
woman, who is equally criminal with him, to
take him into court and compel him to divide
his property with her. It was not intended
for a case of that kind, and yet -it does have
that effect. It is not confined to a case where
a woman married a man in good faith, believ-
ing he had no former wife, or believing that
she had a right to do it under the laws of the
Territory or according to her religion ; but any
second wife, any woman that has married a
man, although she knew he had a former wife,
has a right to take him into court and have
these proceedings. I think we ought not to
pass any such statute as that. It has never
been the policy of the law to give to a concu-
biue, or to a woman who has married a man
knowing that he had a wife living, a right of
that sort. It is a premium, an inducement,
that ought not to be held out.
One thing further, Mr. President. In this
section there is a proviso—■
That nothing in this section contained shall be
construed to have the effect of recognizing the
validity or legal effect of any dual or plural mar-
riage. or to repeal any laws in relation to divorce.
This emphatically, if it were not so before,
bastardizes the children of plural marriages in
Utah. That perhaps was not the intention,
but it is undoubtedly the effect. Take a case
where the marriage has been in good faith on
both sides ; and yet it gives in that case the
woman the right to go into court and compel
the division of the property. The husband
may have acted in just as good faith as
she did; he may believe in his just and law-
ful wife; yet she becomes dissatisfied and
comes into court, she sues for something
in the nature of a divorce—not exactly a
divorce; she compels him to provide for her
a separate maintenance out of his property,
and she is entitled to the possession of the
children. She may not be qualified to take
care of them or to educate them, but she has
the right to have the children under the pro-
visions of this bill, as well as a separate main-
tenance. Is that wise? It might not be even
just. While we suppose her to be innocent
in this proceeding, it is possible that he was
also ; that he was as sincere in the Mormon
faith and as strong a believer in his right to
have two wives as she was in his right to have
two wives ; and yet she, becoming dissatisfied,
has a right to go into court and compel a
division of the property and compel him to
give to her the children.
I think this section carries with it conse-
quences not contemplated by the Senators
who drew it, not only in regard to marriages
that took place in good faith, but in regard to
a marriage where there was no good faith
upon either side, and where the woman knew
that the husband had a lawful wife living ; and
yet she embarks with him in that kind of life
criminally herself and afterward may come
into court and compel a division of the prop-
erty and that the children shall be given into
her custody.
I believe, Mr. President, upon general con-
siderations, that the whole section ought to be
stricken out. Make this bill as strong as you
can to destroy polygamy from this time for-
ward ; let there be no more polygamous mar-
riages if possible; but I believe the best thing
to do is to leave what there is there now pretty
much as it is.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. President,
I certainly am surprised at the criticisms of the
Senator from Indiana. Not in the slightest
degree is that section subject to the charges
that he brings against it, in my opinion. In
the first place it does not give the wife the
right to the children at all. It does not give
her the right to maintenance at all, but leaves
it to the jurisdiction of the judge to say whether
she shall have them or whether she shall not,
under all the circumstances, have them.
Mr. MORTON. "May" have them, and
"may" must be read "must."
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. No; it is not
read "must" although when it is a judicial
proceeding and can properly read " may."
Then in the second place, what effect does
this bill have upon the legitimacy of the chil-
dren? All the effect it has upon the children
in any way is to say that they may have main-
tenance. It does not render the children
illegitimate. The provision of the bill is,
" that nothing in this section contained shall
be construed to have the effect of recognizing,"
&c. It is a mere negation of a fact. The bill
itself does nothing on that subject.
As to the suggestion of the Senator from
Indiana that this is making provision by which
concubines can have a part of a man's sub-
stance for maintenance, there is no such pro-
vision here. The provision is that one holding
the relation of spouse or consort under a sup-
posed but not legal marriage may have this
discharge ; and if the effect of the bill was that
a woman who had innocently, under a sup-
posed marriage, become the plural wife should
have a discharge from that relation and have
a maintenance there would be no objection to
the bill.
Mr. President, this bill has been carefully
considered. We have listened now for four
hours to these criticisms upon it, and as the
session of the Senate is necessarily very brief
I hope that we may be content to express our
opinions by simply voting on the various pro-
positions. If any member of the Senate thinks
that the provisions of the bill are wrong, let
amendments be offered and let us vote upon
those amendments.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
now is upon the amendment of the Senator
from Ohio (Mr. Thurman) which was once
regarded as agreed to, but by unanimous con-
sent ordered to be again submitted to the Sen-
ate.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. STEWART. I desire to offer an
amendment to come in at the end of the
section:
No criminal prosecution for the crimes of bigamy
or polygamy, committed prior to the passage of this
act, shall be instituted until four years after the
passage of this act; and after the expiration ofsaid
lour years all prosecutions for said crimes or either
of them committed prior to the passage of this act
shall be forever barred: Provided, That within
said four years the parties practising bigamy or
polygamy shall have utterly abandoned such rela-
tion.
Under the existing law there might be a
system of prosecutions which would create
great distress to those now existing in that rela-
tion with their families, and it seems to me it
ought to be postponed for a reasonable time
to give them an opportunity to abandon this
relation and make provision for their fami-
lies.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. There is nothing
in this bill touching past marriages at all.
Mr. STEWART. But this bill gives the
machinery for enforcing the laws now in
existeo c©
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Not at all. It
only applies to future marriages and is ex-
pressly restricted to those. The tenth section
expressly provides that the change as to the
evidence required here, that which is ordinary I
in civil actions, not requiring the strict record
proof, shall only apply to future marriages.
Mr. STEWART. That is immaterial. E
do not apprehend we have had any special
difficulty about the evidence heretofore to
convict under the former act. If you could
have had Gentile juries and Gentile judges,
you had all the machinery required; but the
difficulty was in getting a jury to "convict.
Now, if you give the machinery by which to
convict, I think they would find and apply the
evidence that existed without this law, and
they might prosecute under the former law.
I do not believe that that is the intention of any
one. The period of four years is a sufficiently
short time, it seems to me, to be given to them
to abandon this relation. Let it be distinctly
understood what is to be expected. If you do
not intend that the prosecution for polygamous
marriages heretofore contracted shall be con-
ducted under this law at once, it seems to me
it is better to say so.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator insist on his amendment or withdraw it?
Mr. STEWART. I do not withdraw it.
Mr. MORTON. The simple effect of that
amendment is this: that for existing polyg-
amous relations there shall be no prosecutions
for four years, but if those relations are contin-
ued for four years, then the prosecutions may
be instituted for polygamous relations now
existing.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on agreeing to the amendment of the Senator
from Nevada.
Mr. BOREMAN. I do not see the propriety
of this amendment. I find a statute passed
in 1862 denouncing the penalty of fine and
imprisonment against the practice of polygamy
which is condemned by the laws. These peo-
ple have had abundant notice that that prac-
tice was a violation of the statute as passed by
the Congress of the United States. The only
reason why the penalty has not been enforced
heretofore is that the juries were so consti-
tuted that you could not get a verdict against
any of these people. The machinery provided
by our law was such under the enactment of the
Territory that you could not get a jury to con-
vict. Now, because these people having been
upon the juries you could not convict any of
them heretofore, therefore they are not to be
convicted for the future; they are to have four
years longer time according to this amendment,
and then, if I understand the latter part of the
amendment, after the four years expire they
shall not be convicted at all I I confess it is
very difficult to understand it from the reading
of it. The latter part of it seems to say that
after the expiration of four years they shall not
be tried for this offense. It says first that no
one shall be tried for four years to come, and
then after the expiration of four years no one
shall be tried. That puts an end to prosecutions
in any case. I may misapprehend it; I have
only heard it read from the Secretary's desk.
Mr. SHERMAN. I should like to make a
suggestion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from West Virginia yield?
Mr. BOREMAN. Yes, sir.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think if the words after
the word "instituted" in the second or third
line were stricken out, and the Senate were
disposed to take only the first part, it would be
right. I think the. Senate should strike out
all the amendment after the first two lines.
Let it be read as it would then stand.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be re-
ported as it would then read.
The Chief Clerk. If amended as proposed
the amendment will read :
That no criminal prosecution for the crimes of
bigamy or polygamy committed prior to the passage
of this act shall be instituted.
Mr. THURMAN. Will the Senator from
West Virginia allow me to make a suggestion?
I suggest to my friend from N evada to withdraw
that amendmeut for the present, as having no
