838
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 24,
ili« Sena! or from Nevada has referred of enter- !
ing on the road—a power which, 1 take it for I
granted, he does not wish the President at
this time lo exercise.
Then, if this posiiion be correct, we are
brought to the practical quest.iou, how shall
this difference be adjusted? The Secretary
of ihe Treasury says, "the payment of the
coupons is a part of the duty of these railroad
companies ; they have fnatured ; they are not,
paid; I will retain the compensation due to
these lailroad companies for transportation
against that interest which the Government
ot the United States has paid." The answer
of the companies is, "only one half is to be
retained under the act of 1864."
Now, Mr. President, remember that the
retention of freight, and of five per cent, upon
the earnings is only one mode of payment
reserv d by the Government of the United
Slates. The obligation is upon the company
to iedeem the whole, and there is no provision
anywhere in the act that the company shall
not pay the whole ot' the interest out ot the
other earnings, those earnings which are not
sequestered by the act, for the purpose of meet-
ing the obligations of the Government loaned
to iliese companies for the purpose of building
their loads.
This, then, presents a judicial question, and
I think it is a matter of kindness to the rail-
road companies, taking the view which those
do who advocate their construction on this
floor, to send them to a judic'al tribunal. If
we do not undertake to give these acts a
legislative construction, and repeal the act of
1871, and do nothing more, the next step will
be the exercise of the power of the Secretary
of the Treasury or of the President. I think
that it is eminently wise in us, and certainly
eminently kind in the Government, to permit
this question to be decided judicially, and to
send it to the Court of Claims or the Supreme
Court ultimately for adjustment; and in that
point of view, while I think perhaps the with-
holding of the money while we have it may be
open to some criticism—I am not sure that it
is—I shall vote for any provision which will
send this question to a judicial tribunal for
the purpose of having it adjudicated.
One question strikes every man upon the
enunciation of this idea, that the Government
of the United States is hound to pay this inter-
est, and can take no step for reimbursement
until the maturity of the bonds. What is the
effect of that? It is simply this: that when
interest matures to-day and the company has
not paid it, the Government is bound to pay
that interest and hold it as a debt against this
company until the maturity of the bond, and
then get, what? Simply the interest, for every-
body knows that you cannot compound that
interest and recover interest upon interest.
The result of this would be that a thousand
dollars paid to-day to the company would he
repaid by a thousand dollars thirtyyears hence,
the Government losing all the intermediate
interest.
When such a business proposition as that is
made as being contained in an act of Congress,
I do not wish to acquiesce in itsliortof a judi-
cial decision which will bind us to that bar-
gain. I can hardly conceive that Congress
made such a proposition in that law as that
the Government should pay the interest to-day
and leceive that interest thirty years hence,
just the same amount that we pay to day,
which wpuld be the result of the construction
contended for on this question of interest,
unless it was intended that the bonds should
be a gratuity to the road ; and if that was so,
it ought to have been expressed in the act. 1
shall vote for any proposition which will send
this question to a judicial tribunal, so that our
contract will be determined, and then I shall
abide by it in good faith.
Mr. STEVENSON. I have but a word to
say before I make a motion. The Senator
from Illinois [Mr. Trumbull] asks me what
Congress meant by the act of 1864, agreeing
to pay the one half compensation on Govern-
ment transportations. If I were to answer as
a lawyer, taking the two acts as cumulative, I
should say it meant to go to the principal, not
to the interest, because I think he will agree
with me that the intent of Congress, as mani-
fested in the first act, was to rrquire the pay-
ment of both principal and interest, and
according to his construction of the act of
1864, he postpones that clear intent of Con-
gress, to require principal and interest within a
short period, until 1895, when the whole debt
would be $151,000,000, which I do not believe
these roads can pay. That is the result.
But I want my friend to understand me
that I have given no legal construction to this
act. I did not propose to give any. I have
never studied it with a view of arriving at any
legal construction. My whole purpose and
object has been a much simpler one ; aud that
is, as this subject is thrust upon us year by
year, with able lawyers on one side and able
lawyers on the other, I want to get a judicial
construction for my senatorial action. The
Senator Irom New Jersey gives his construc-
tion to this act; the Secretary of the Treasury
gives another. Does any man believe that the
Secretary of the Treasury, with the Attorney
General to give him his opinion as to the legal
rights of this Government, would have with-
drawn the interest due to any creditor of this
Government unless he had been supported in
that opinion by legislative action ? We have,
therefore, the opinion of the Attorney Gen-
eral, as I presume, certainly the action of the
Secretary of the Treasury in withholding this
interest.
Then comes in congressional action to over-
ride this executive action of the Secretary of
the Treasury. Now we have a warfare going
on. I tried a year ago to get this question
submitted. The friends of the road resisted
it. I thought that wrong, and said so; and
my whole object now is to secure a judicial
determination. I care nothing about stopping
the payment. The Senator from Nevada says
you do this road great injustice. 1 do not
enter into that question. I only wanted to
support the amendment of my friend from
Vermont, because I thought it was a speedy
mode of forcing a judicial determination of this
question. As my friend irom Vermont has
asked me to withdraw my amendment until he
can have a direct vote on his proposition, I
withdraw the amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment to the amendment is withdrawn.
Mr. MOIUULLt, of Maine. Mr. President,
I shall refrain from any observations-touching
the merits of this subject, which 1 understand
to be a legal proposition. I have not exam-
ined it sufficiently to entertain an opinion upon
that point; but I am disposed now to treat it
as a practical question before the Senate, and
to determine what is best to be done under
the circumstances.
I think we are embarrassed by the legisla-
tion of 1871. By an act of Congress enacted
in 1871 we directed the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to pay over one half of the earnings to this
company. If that was a legal proposition at
that time, it was an error that Congress under-
took to make that direction. It should have
been referred to the courts in my judgment.
But that legislation was backed by the opinion
of the legal organ of this body, so to s'peak.
In February, 1871, the Judiciary Committee
of this body had given an opinion that it was
the right of the company to have that much
paid over to it by the Secretary of the Treas-
ury. This action of Congress followed that
opinion, and so to-day the Congress of the
United States is in the attitude of having de-
clared in 1871 that it was the duty of the Gov-
ernment to pay one half of the Government
freights to this company.
Mr. STEWART. Reserving all legal rights.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. All legal rights
are reserved, to be sure. Now the House of
Representatives have sent us a proposition in
this bill, in which the Senate have concurred,
that it is best to repeal that act. Why ? It is
best to step back, I suppose, for the purpose
of leaving it precisely as it is, a legal question.
That would do it, yon perceive, and it would
remit all parties to the remedy at law.
But it is said the company have no remedy at
law, and I suppose that is true. They cannot
sue the Government. I believe that is the
understanding here in the discussion ; at-least
I have not heard it controverted. If that is
so, you perceive, if it is left in that way, the
company is in a predicament where it would
suffer injury, or in other words, it is not in a
position to vindicate its rights. So it would
seem that if this is done some action should
accompany this, and I have made up my mind
that the proper thing is to undo what we did
in 1871, to the end that we may make this a
legal proposition as it is; repeal that act of
1871, and then both parties stand upon their
legal rights. Then one step fuither aud bring
these parties into court in some way. And to
that end I move the proposition submitted by
the Senator from Kentucky as a substitute for
the proposition of the Senator from Vermont.
Mr. STEWART. If the Senator will allow
me I will suggest this in place of his 
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. One moment.
Then we shall stand in this position: the
action of 1871 repealed, the parties stand
upon their legal rights, and then it will be the
duty of the President to bring these parties
into court to ascertain what their legal rights
are. It seems to me that this is the best course.
Mr. EDMUNDS. May I ask the Senator
from Maine a question before he sits down?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Yes, sir.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I wish to submit to him
and to the thoughtful consideration of other
Senators, if we are really in earnest about
this business as we were about repealing the
franking privilege, if we take the proposition
of the Seuator from Kentucky, which my
friend adopts as a substitute for all of mine,
leaving it simply repealing the act of 1871,
and then provide that the President oi the
United States shall bring these people into
the Court of Claims to test this right,
whether we shall not be met with a consti-
tutional objection. The Court of Sjlaims has
not any jury; it has not any of the ordmaiy
methods of trying private rights; it is only
instituted for the purpose, and it has no fac-
ulties which can be exercised otherwise than
as ascertaining the quantum and merit of a
claim made against the Government.
Now, the proposition of the Senator from
Kentucky, taken as an original proposition,
without withholding the money—so that that
still goes—directing the President of the Uni-
ted States to bring these people as defendants
and against their will into the Court of Claims
with its machinery to try their rights, would
be a matter that ought to be thought of con-
siderably as to the question of our right to
coerce a citizen—because these corporations
are citizens—into a trial which should dis-
possess them of rights which we are asserting
against them without the interventions that
the Constitution interposes for the protection
of private rights, to wit, trial by jury, aud
so forth and so on. I merely suggest that
for the consideration of the Senator. If we
are really in earnest, I submit to him would
it not be better, as these sums as to each indi-
vidual company are small, and as you can
make hasty process, to give them leave, under
the temptation of holding on to these freights,
to apply to the Court of Claims to get this
sum that they say is due to them from us, and
then leave us by recoupment aud otherwise
to raise the question ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. There may be
a difficulty of that sort provided the company
should refuse to go before that tribunal. 1
can hardly conceive they would ; but if they
