1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
839
should, then the course contemplated by the
Senator from Vermont would certainly meet
the occasion.
Mr. STEWART. I will suggest an amend-
ment to the Senator from Maine.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor from Maine moves the amendment of the
Senator from Kentucky, withdrawn by him, as
a substitute for that of the Senator from Ver-
mont.
Mr. STEWART. I suggest an amend-
ment, to be read for information.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
That the Attorney General be, and he is hereby,
directed to cause proceedings in the proper court of
the United States to be instituted for the purpose
of ascertaining if any obligation of the Union Pacific
liailroad Company, the Central Pacific ilailroad
Company, or any other railroad company created
by the acts of July 1,1862, and July 2,1864, or either
of said acts in relation to the interest on bonds re-
main unfulfilled, and to enforce the same, if any
there be, against said companies.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, for one
I have no sort of objection to any one's going
to law who wishes to go into the courts; but I
do object to voting to withhold money which
in my opinion does not belong to us; and
believing that this money, one half the com-
pensation due for services rendered the Gov-
ernment, is payable to these companies, I can-
not vote to withhold it, but I have no objection
that others who think differently should have
a law passed to go into the courts and test this
question, if it is thought best to do so.
So much for that point. Now a word as to
what has been said by the Senator from Ken-
tucky, and also by the Senator from Vermont,
I think, as to the vast sum that will be due if
the interest upon these bonds is not paid by
these railroads but is paid by the Government
for the next thirty years. How they arrive at
that result, I do not know.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Here is the evidence of
it in the report of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury made in May last.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It will be manifest,
under the law, that the Secretary of the Treas-
ury has not the data upon which to make any
such estimate, and the Senator from Kentucky
and the Senator from Vermont cannot have
any such data; and why? It is agreed on all
hands that one half the compensation for ser-
vices rendered the Government is to be with-
held. Does anybody know what that will be
in the next thirty years? Can either the Sec-
retary or the Senators tell us how much one
half the compensation due for services ren-
dered the Government will amount to during
the next thirty years, and how much is to be
taken out of this? Again, can they tell us
how much five per cent, of the net earnings
of the road during all this time will be? Unless
they can, they have not the data upon which
to make this calculation.
Mr. CASSERLY. I suggest to the Senator
from Illinois that the return of the Secretary
of the Treasury was made under a resolution
offered by me at the last session. The amount
of indebtedness from the railroads which will
accrue on the maturity of the bouds was calcu-
lated by the Secretary of the Treasury under
the fourth head of the inquiry, which was as
to the total amount of principal and interest
accruing on such bonds at maturity at the rate
of payment thus far made on account of
interest."
Mr. TRUMBULL. Manifestly that calcu-
lation is worthless. It does not take into
account, as the Senator from California will
see, five per cent, of the net earnings of said
road," which the law says "shall be annually
applied."
Mr. STEVENSON. Has that ever been
applied?
Mr. TRUMBULL. No, because the road
is not completed.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Is not completed?
Mr. TRUMBULL. No, sir:
"Said company may also pay the United States,
wholly or in part, in the same or other bonds, Ireas-
i ury notes, or other evidences of debt against the
s United States, to bo allowed at par; and after said
| road is completed, until said bonds and interest are
paid, at least five per cent, of the net earnings of
I said road shall be annually applied to the payment
| thereof."
I understand that the Government directors
up to this day have never reported the road to
be completed.
Mr. EDMUNDS. What have the Govern-
ment directors to do about it?
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 suppose they are the
persons authorized by law to determine when
the road is completed according to the law.
I think they determine on portions of the road,
perhaps, before any bonds are issued. But I
am informed that the road has never yet been
reported as completed so as to compel the
companies to pay over this five per cent.
Mr. EDMUNDS. May I ask the Senator
a question 1
Mr. TRUMBULL. Certainly.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I want to ask the Sen-
ator whether there is not a provision in these
same acts that these bonds shall not be deliv-
ered to the company at all until the road is
completed to a certain distance, and so on?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I thought there was.
I think there is such a provision. I have not
read the statutes to-day. I say to the Sen-
ator from Vermont that I was informed out-
side—I may not be correctly informed—that
the road, for some reason which I cannot give,
for I am not sufficiently informed on the sub-
ject, has not been reported to be completed.
I give him all the information I have. I am
informed that somehow or other these com-
panies are not paying five per cent, of their
net earnings upon these roads, on the ground
that the road has never been formally accepted
or returned as completed. How that is the
Senator from Vermont may be able to state ;
perhaps the time has not transpired when they
were bound to complete it.
Mr. NYE. They have four years yet.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It may be placed on
that ground. I am not prepared to discuss
that question. I only give such information as
I have in regard to it. I alluded to it merely
to show that it was impossible now to make a
calculation and tell how much would be due,
principal and interest, on these bonds at the
end of thirty years, because we cannot tell
what five per cent, of these net earnings may
be in their hands. The road some time or
other, I trust, is to be completed. If the law
does not require them to complete it within
the next four years, and if all the bonds have
been delivered, it presents a singular state of
things ; but I am not prepared to explain it.
The Senator from Vermout will not under-
stand me as standing here as the defender of
these roads against anything that they ought
to do. I am for holding them to the law, and
it is because in my view, which may be mis-
taken, they are entitled to receive one half
the compensation for services rendered the
Government that I am not willing to vote to
withhold that sum from them. While that is
so 1 am not for defending them in any respect
against the rights which I believe the Govern-
ment has, and I suppose the Government has
a right to this five per cent. ^ The Senate will
see, and the Senator from Kentucky and the
Senator from California will see, that the cal-
culation which they have been reading, as to the
amount of money that will be due from these
railroad companies at the end of thirty years, is
wholly unreliable because, for aught wc know,
and 1 trust the fact may be so, that five per
cent, will wipe out the whole of the interest.
I think the Senator from Vermont stated (I
may not have the figures correct) the net pro-
ceeds at some four or five millions. If so, five
per cent, upon that sum will amount to several
hundred thousand dollars annually. That,
with one half of the compensation for services
rendered the Government, may amount to
enough to pay the interest, and I should hope
it would. 1 should hope that the business of
that road would increase, and if its net pro-
ceeds are four millions now, that in ten years
they "will be ten millions.
Mr. EDMUNDS. May I ask the Senatora
question ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Undoubtedly.
Mr. EDMUNDS. What good will the five
per cent, do us until we get it? Will it not
be exactly where the interest is, if the com-
pany keep it in their pockets and do not give
it to us?
Mr. TRUMBULL. But I do not under-
stand that under this law they have a right to
keep it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. And I do not understand
that they have a right to keep the interest we
have paid ; but they do both.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator and I
differ about that.
Mr. EDMUNDS. They do both. They
keep the five per cent, that the Senator thinks
they ought to pay, and they keep the interest
that I think they ought to pay, and we are
both of us in their hands as much as a passen-
ger is.
•Mr. TRUMBULL. I am not prepared to
discuss this five per cent, question. Perhaps
the Senator can tell us the reason why they
keep it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I think I can.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If it is a good reason,
I should say they should keep it; but if it is a
bad reason, an illegal one, then I would en-
force it against them, and I will help the Sen-
ator from Vermont all I know how to help
him, and in any way that he will suggest which
will compel the payment of this five per cent.;
and I am entirely willing that he should have
adopted a provision, as he differs with me as
to the law on the. other question, to go to the
courts ; but I am not willing, with the views
I entertain, to vote to withhold money which
I think is due to these parties. That is the
only difference I have with the Senator.
Mr. EDMUNDS. My friend is entirely
willing always about this railroad business, as
a good many others seem to be, to help me
on some other occasion and in some other
way; but I never seem to have wit enough
(and I know it is my fault) to propose any-
thing that just now and on this particular
bill and in any particular way that anybody
can devise for this moment to get the help of
my friend from Illinois and the help of my
friend from Nevada and others who, of
course, are just as much devoted to the public
interests as I am ! That is my misfortune.
That was the misfortune of a celebrated per-
son in Scripture, who, being addressed on a
subject of some importance to him, said—that
was the substance of it—some other day, be-
ing almost persuaded, he would joiu the
Christian Church. That seems to be the at-
titude of my friend. He is almost persuaded
that something ought to be done, but, he is
not quite persuaded, and this is_ not just the
time or the way to do it. That is always the
result where powerful interests are brought to
bear against a definite and distinct and clear
proposition to hold on to what you have until
the right of somebody to take it from you is
made manifest.
Now, Mr. President, I do not wish to be
misunderstood. I know perfectly well that my
friend from Illinois is just as desirous, and I
do not know but that he is more desirous of
doing right than I am. He has given a stronger
proof than I have in the last year of the
fidelity with which he can follow his convic-
tions, for he by following his convictions has
deprived us of the advantage of his presence
among us, while I, by following my convic-
tions, have suffered no inconvenience what-
ever. So that I do not wish to be misunder-
stood. I, in all sincerity, believe thoroughly
in the desire of my friend from Illinois to get
at the real right of this thing.
We disagree about this freight business.
1 Now we come to th£ question of how much
