1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
84.1
An act (S. No. 850) providing for the pay-
ment to loyal citizens of Loudoun county,
Virginia, therein named, for their property
taken by the military authorities of the Uuited
Stal es;
An act (S. No. 1021) for the relief of A. W.
Moss;
An act (S. No. 1161) for the relief of Harriet
W. Pond ;
An act (S. No. 1112) for the relief of Cap-
tain Lyman I. Hissong, of Henry county,
Ohio; and
An act (S. No 964) to amend an act enti-
tled "An act to amend the fifth section of an
act entitled 'An act donating public lands to
the several States and Territories which may
provide colleges for the benefit of agriculture
and the mechanic arts,' approved July 2,1862,
so as to extend the time within which the pro-
visions of said act shall be accepted and such
colleges established," approved July 23, 1866.
The message also announced that the Pres-
ident had on this day approved and signed the
following acts:
An act (S. No. 1144) to give to the bark
Jewess an American register; and
An act (S. No. 1220) to fix the time for
holding the annual session of the Supreme
Court of the United States.
house bill referred.
The bill (H. R. No. 8258) making appropria-
tions for the consular and diplomatic service
of the Government for the year ending June
30, 1874, and for other purposes, was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Appropriations.
message kuom the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the following bills;
in which it requested the concurrence of the
Senate;
A bill (H. R. No. 3481) to authorize the
trustees ot the Presbyterian congregation of
Georgetown to dispose of real estate;
A bill (H. R. No. 3482) prohibiting gift
enterprises in the District of Columbia; and
A bill (H. R. No. 3624) to provide for the
better education of the indigent blind in the
District of Columbia.  
The message also announced that the House
had coucui red in the amend ment of the Sen-
ate to the bill (LI. LI. No. 2333) to aid in main-
taining the fire department in the District of
Columbia. VIBSSA exposition.
The VICE PRESIDENT appointed as the
conferees on the part of the Senate on the dis
agreeing votes of the two Houses on the joint
resolution (H. R. No. 170) to enable the peo-
ple of the United States to participate in the
advantages of the international exposition to
be held at Vienna in 1873, Mr. Schcrz, Mr.
Harlan, and Mr. Casseuly.
house bills referred.
The following bills were severally read twice
by their titles, and referred t,o the Committee
on the District of Columbia:
A bill (H. R. No. 3481) to authorize the
trustees of the Presbyterian Congregation at
Georgetown to dispose of real estate ;
A bill (H. R. No. 3482) prohibiting gift
enterprises in the District of Columbia; and
A bill (II. R. No. 3024) to provide for the
better education of the indigent blind in the
Di.st.rict ol' Columbia.
kxkcut1vk session.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Ax-
tuoxy in thp chair.) The question is on the
motion that, the Senate now proceed to the
consideration of executive business.
Mr. WEST. I ask the Senator from South
Carolina to withdraw that motion for a
moment.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That motion was carried,
mid the Sergeant-at-Arms was ordered to clear
the galleries and close the doors.
Mr. WES r. The motion is withdrawn.
Mr. CONKLING. It cannot be withdrawn,
because it has passed the Senate, and it must
hp
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The order
of the Senate should have been executed
before the Chair put- the motion which has
just been put. The Sergeant-at-Arms will
now clear the galleries and close the doors.
Mr. WEST. I move that the doors be
opened, and that we proceed to legislative
The PRESIDING OFFICER. When the
order has been executed the Chair will enter-
tain the motion of the Senator from Louis-
iana.
Mr. SPENCER. While the doors are being
closed, I move that when the Senate adjourns
to day it adjourn to meet on Monday next.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I insist on the execution
of the order before anything else is done.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Ser-
geant-at-Arms will clear the galleries and
close the doors.
The Senate thereupon proceeded to the con-
sideration of executive business; and, after ten
minutes spent in executive session, the doors
were reopened.
adjournment to monday.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The legis-
lative appropriation bill is before the Senate.
Mr. CONKLING. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. WEST. I move to lay the appropria-
tion bill on the table, in order that I may be
enabled to submit a motion for an adjourn-
ment until Monday next.
Mr. CONKLING. I ask for the yeas and
nays on that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 28, nays 22 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Bayard,Boreman, Casserly,
Chandler, Oorbefct, Davis. Edmunds, Fenton, Ferry
of Michigan, Flanagan, Frelinghuysen, Hamilton
of Maryland, Hitchcock, Johnston, Kelly, Machen,
Norwood, Ramsey, Ransom, Robertson, Schurz,
Spencer, Sprague, Stewart, Tipton, Trumbull, and
West—28.
NAYS—Messrs. Alcorn, Anthony, Buckingham,
Cole, Conkling, Cragin, Gilbert, Hamlin. Harlan,
Howe, Logan, Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Vermont,
Nye, Patterson, Sawyer, Scott, Sherman, Stevenson,
Wilson, Windom, and Wright—22.
ABSENT —Messrs. Blair, Brownlow, Caldwell,
Cameron, Carpenter, Clayton, Cooper, Ferry of Con-
necticut, Goldthwaite, Hamilton of Texas, Hill,
Lewis, Morton, Osborn, Pomeroy, Pool, Pratt, Rice,
Saulsbury, Stockton, Sumner, Thurinan, and Vick-
ers—23.
So the motion was agreed to.
Mr. WEST. I now move that when the
Senate adjourns to-day it adjourn to meet on
Monday next.
Mr. WILSON. I ask the Senator to with-
draw that motion for a moment, in order to
allow me to take up a bill and assign next
Wednesday for its consideration. [-'No!"
"No!"] Very well; I will wait until this
motion is put.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from
Louisiana.
The motion was agreed to.
oudell of cosiness.
Mr. WILSON. I move to take up the House
, bill for the relief of sufferers by_ fire at Bos-
I ton, in order to assign its consideration for
| Wednesday next at one o'clock. I want to
I get a vote upon it as soon as possible.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I hope the
Senator will allow me to get up the legislative
bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The qaes-
| tion is on the motion ot the Senator from
Massachusetts, to take up the bill indicated
by him for the purpose of assignment.
Mr. RAMSEY. Is a motion to adjourn in
order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is.
Mr. MOlUiILL, of Maine. I hope the Sen-
I ator will allow me to get up the appropriation
| bill so as to have no controversy about that on
Monday.
Mr. HAMLIN. There is no earthly import-
i ance in doing that now.
Mr. WILSON. I hope the question will be
put on my motion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from
Massachusetts.
Mr. NYE. I desire to say that I supposed
| there was an arrangement made by which I
! had the privilege of calling up the next bill
after the appropriation bill. There was no
objection to that yesterday.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. There is no
motion to interfere with that.
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes, there is; the Bos-
ton relief bill will be debated for days.
Mr. WILSON. What I desire is totakeup
the bill for the relief of the sufferers by the
fire in Boston and assign it for Wednesday
next at one o'clock.
•Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. That time has
already been assigned.
Mr. WILSON. Then I will say Thursday
next at one o'clock. I wish to get a vote upon
that bill, and I desire to get it soon.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Massachusetts moves to proceed to
the consideration of the Boston fire relief bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. President, we have
now refused to sit on Saturday, aud if we com-
mence at this period of the session to take up
a local bill which will give rise to debate, in
which grave constitutional questions are in-
volved, on which lawyers could talk forever,
and postpone all the other public business of
the session, we shall make it indispensably
! necessary to have an extra session. We have
1 passed but one appropriation bill, the Indian
appropriation bill, and we have laid on the
table the legislative bill.
Mr. HAMLIN. The Indian bill has not
passed yet. The amendments are pending
between the two Houses.
Mr. SHERMAN. Very well ; that bill has
not passed yet; and as I said to-day I hope
the Senate will feel disposed, and no doubt
they will, at an early period, to take some
action in regard to the currency question.
Some action must be had. That question is
likely to give rise to debate. I do not think
the Senator from Massachusetts ought to ask
us to give this Boston bill any special priority.
It is a local bill, of comparatively small im-
portance, as is shown by the experience of
Chicago, and he can therefore take it up at
some time, and probably get the attention of
the Senate to it, without a debate on the con-
stitutional question. I am in favor of the bill.
I believe I had the pleasure of reporting it,
and will vote for it, but I do not think it ought
to be made a special order now. The legis-
lative bill is laid aside, but I suppose all Sen-
ators will feel like going on with it on Monday.
Then the Senator from Nevada has the con-
sent of the Senate, under peculiar circum-
stances, to take up another bill, and they will
j have to stand by that.
I Mr. EDMUNDS. The consent of the Sen-
: ate to make a speech.
j Mr. CONKLING. More than that.
1 Mr. SHERMAN. To speak to a certain bill,
j Mr. EDMUNDS. Oh, yes, if he wants to
i speak; but there was no understanding that
! that bill should be considered further than to
let him speak upon it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not speak of that,
because I was not here, but I was told that
the Senator from Nevada desired to speak
under circumstances which would give him a
right to be heard. Of course it will be in the
power of the majority of the Senate to consider
the bill or not. The currency question ought
to be disposed of one way or the other. I
think, therefore, the Senator from Massachu-
setts had better withdraw his proposition aud
let the bill stand as it is.
