1802
THE CONGKESSIOFAL GLOBE.
February 26,
propriety. If there is in the Territory of Utah
one woman who desires to be freed from this
relation, let us enact a law which will let her
go free and be, in the language of the bill, a ■
feme-sole. I hope that the vote may be taken
upon this amendment and that we may have
the expression of the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Nyb in
the chair.) The question is on the amendment
of the Senator from Ohio to strike out the
eleventh section.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I ask for the yeas and
nays. It is very important that we should
record ourselves on this question.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 18, nays 22; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Blair, Casserly, Cooper,
Hill, Johnston, Kelly, Maehen, Morrill of Maine,
Morton, Nye, Random. Rice, Saulsbury, Sprague,
Stevenson, Thurma.n, and West—18.
NAYS—Messrs. Borcman, Buckingham, Chandler,
Cole, Cragin, Edmunds, Flanagan, Erelinghuysen,
Gilbert, Hainlm, Harlan, Logan, Osborn, Sawyer,
Schura, Scott, Sherman, Stewart, Viekers, Wilson,
Windom, aud Wright—22.
ABSENT—Messrs. Alcorn, Ames, Anthony, Brown-
low, Caldwell, Camerou, Carpenter, Clayton, Conk-
ling, Corbett, Davis, Fent.on, Ferry of Connecticut,
Ferry of Michigan, Goldfchwaite, Hamilton of Mary-
land, Hamilton of Texas, Hitchcock, Howe, Lewis,
Morrill ot Vermont, Norwood, Patterson, Pomeroy,
Pool, Pratt, Ramsey, Robertson, Spencer, Stockton,
Sumner, Tipfcon, and Trumbull—33.
So the amendment was rejee'ted.
Mr. THURMAN. I tnoveto amend section
eighteen, page 25, by inserting after the word
"process, m line eleven, these words:
And a writ of error from the Supreme Court of
the United States to the bupretne court of the Terri-
tory shall lie m criminal cases where the accused
shall have been sentenced to capital punishment,or
to imprisonment, for six months or upward, or to
pay a fine of $1,000 or upward, such writ to be
applied lor by the person or persons convicted.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I should have
no objection to that amendment so far as it
relates to capital offenses; but i think it is
carrying it too far when you apply it to all
criminal proceedings, it would embarrass
Very much the criminal proceedings. These
judges are appointed by the President and
confirmed by the Senate,-and we certainly can
trust them in t,he ordinary prosecution of crim-
inal-jurisprudence of that Territory. So far
as it relates to capital offenses, I would not
object to the ameudment.
Mr. THURMAN. i am glad to hear the
Senator say that he agrees to it in the case of
capital punishment, but that is not going far
enough. The questions likely to arise upon
which there ought to be the decision of tho
Supreme Court of the United States will very
seldom be cases- in which tho punishment is
capital. I have sought to restrict this amend-
ment to eases in which the pnmsltment is ot'
great, severity, where it is either capital or im-
prisonment of six months or more, or a fine
of a thousand dollars or more, if there ought
to be a greater safeguard than that, or some
greater restriction than that, let it be made;
but do not restrict it entirely to cases wherein
the punishment is capital. If you think it
onght to hp where the punishment is impris-
onment for a year or more, so amend it; if it
ought to be where the tine is $2,000 or more,
so amend it, but do not limit it entirely to
capital offenses.
My sole object is that there may be in regard
to questions that every one can see deserve the
most impartial and enlightened consideration,
a decision by a tribunal wholly removed from
all local influences, passions, interests, or
prejudices; a decision by a tribunal whose
action will command universal respect and
acquiescence in that Territory. We cannot
conceal it from ourselves, we know it to be
so, that in that Territory there have been judges
who have been rather remarkable for a spirit
of persecution than for a spirit of enlightened
and impartial administration of the law. There
may be such in the future. There is a con-
flict there. Nine tenths of that community
belong to the Mormon Church. Barely one
tenth of them are what are there called Gen-
tiles^ It is of the utmost consequence that
the administration of the law shall be such as
to command not simply the obedience, but the
respect of the people of that great Territory,
and I do think that nothing would tend more
to secure for the laws a faithful observance,
and to procure for them a sincere respect, than
to allow cases to come up to the Supreme Court
of the United States under reasonable restric-
tions, and thus obtain the decision of that high
tribunal of the last resort.
One word more, and I am done. Mr. Presi-
dent, there is nothing in this world , so dan-
gerous as unrestrained power, and judges are
but men. An unrestrained power in a judge
may be abused just as much as unrestrained
power in a legislator, or in any other indi-
vidual. The judge in Utah acts under no
higher sanction than members of Congress, or
members of a Legislature. Every officer in
the United States takes an oath, and an oath
just as stringent, just as binding on his con-
science as the oath taken by the judge in
Utah. But we know that unrestrained power
is always dangerous. Now, if you will give to
the supreme judicial tribunal of the Union a
power to revise the decisions of these inferior
courts, it will operate as a salutary restraint
upon them and make them cautious how they
decide causes between man and man, or be-
tween the public and those who are brought
before them charged with offenses against the
law. I think every consideration teaches us
that we ought, under proper limitation to
allow an appeal in the last resort to that
highest judicial tribunal in the land which is
wholly free from any bias, from any local
feeling, prejudice, or interest, and the high
character oi whose members is a sanction and
an assurance that its decisions will be pre-
cisely according to law.
Mr. FRELIN GHUYSEN. I move to amend
the amendment by striking out all after the
words "capitalpunishment."
The Senator from Ohio says that unrestrained
power is dangerous. That is true, sir; but in
this Territory the judges are nominated by the
President, and confirmed by the Senate. They
are our own appointees. Now, if we give the
right to the benefit of a writ of error from the
Supreme Court of the United States to the
supreme court of the Territory, we do for that
Territory what we refuse to do for any State or
Territory in this Union. When we single it
out and say that in capital cases as to that
Territory the adjudications of judges who are
appointed by us shall be reviewed by the
Supreme Court of the United States, no person
on earth can say that that is harsh legislation.
But, Mr. President, to say that the Supreme
Court of the United States should be encum-
bered by all the criminal proceedings where
there is a conviction and a penalty of $1,000
or six months' imprisonment, would be disturb-
ing our whole system of jurisprudence. I
trust that the amendment of the Senator from
Ohio will not be adopted.
Mr. BAYARD. I was about to ask the
honorable Senator from New Jersey whether
this law being applied to a Territory was not
necessarily a temporary act and made for a
period filled with difficulty, peculiarly so, and
therefore requiring in some degree, I will not
term it special legislation, but legislation
adapted for the peculiar and unhappy condition
of affairs in which that portion of the country
is found. I do not know what is the value
of this amendment if it be restrained to
merely capital cases, because I am not aware
of and capital cases that could occur under
the provisions of this act; but I think there was
much force in the suggestions of the Senator
from Ohio and I wish they would have effect
upon the Senator from New Jersey and others
interested in the passage of this bill.
Considering the peculiar condition of affairs
of this people, that the law necessarily is but
for a time, because this region now a Territory
will probably become by the influx of people
a State, and when it is a State these offenses
against domestic affairs will necessarily pass-
under the control of State law, and the United
States will be absolved from all care of such
offenses, if such there should then be, I ask
whether it would not tend to a more careful
and wiser and more conservative and merciful
administration of the powers given under this
act, if the judges who impose these heavy
penalties knew that there was a court capable
of revising errors which they might commit?
The mere pride of profession, the simple ques-
tion of the doubt of being overruled, is a
restraint. Our theory is to have restraints,
checks and balances upon power, whether
judicial or otherwise, and they form one great
part of the philosophy of our system; and why,
I ask, may not that well be applied to this act?
I do not think there can be any capital cases
under this act, and I am sure the Senator
from New Jersey would desire to see the judg-
ments of this court exercised under a sense of
responsibility and restrained power, which
certainly would be more effective if they knew
that their judgments were capable of revision
and of being passed upon in the event of error.
Nay, more than that, there is as I have said
a very peculiar condition of affairs, of senti-
ment in that country, in which what may eeem
to us law may not be to them justice, and
equity. Your punishments, after all, if they
are to be effective, are not to be administered
in the spirit of vengeance, but for the purposes
of inhibition and example. Human punish-
ments can have no sanction except they are
simply for example? they have no sanction if
they are for purposes of vengeance .alone.
Therefore, surely it is better in the anomalous
condition of affairs forwhieh you are propos-
ing wisely, or perhaps not wisely, at this time
positively to legislate, that you should at least
impose some limitation upon the high penal
powers given by your law to a judiciary, not
the choice of the people of the Territory, in
whose selection they have no voice.- Remem-
ber, it is not like the judiciary of a State in
whose selection the people, have a choice ; but
it is the selection of judges to sit in judgment
over the highest rights of person and property,
and those who are to be affected by them have
no power in the selection of those who are to
judge them. It is not like the case of New
Jersey or Delaware. We need no writ of
error there, because there is a question of
choice. But I submit, in all these . matters
which you are now confiding to a Federal tri-
bunal, matters of life and death, protecting
the person and property of the citizen, the
general police regulation is confided to the
State, and State tribunals alone can entertain
these questions, and State tribunals are
selected by the people o£ the State who have
a voice in the ehoice of those who shall judge
them. • • : ,
But now you are dealing with a Territory;
you are making laws to he executed by a class
of magistrates in whose choice the people have
no voice whatever; and is it not wise and just
in the peculiar condition of strangely variant
sentiment in which you find this population
that you shall impress upon your judges the
fact that when they do administer law there
shall be a tribunal to sit in error upon the
defects which they may create ? I submit that
this is not parallel to the case of a State. _ It
is not parallel to the case of a people who are
to be judged by judges of their own choice.
Checks and balances upon judgments are wise,
for the judgment of men is frail; it should be
carefully exercised; and there never was a
condition of affairs in this country or perhaps
in any other when slow judgment and careful
consideration were more necessary for the
peculiar class of offenses which this bill is
intended to punish. They are not evil in them-
selves. They are simply evil because your
statute prohibits them. You create the offense ;
you created the judge; you give the people to
be affected no power to choose their judge;
