1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
180$
and therefore I say it behooves you that you
should give every chance for a revision of an
inaccurate or an unjust sentence.
Mr. THCItMAN. A few words in reply to
the Senator from New Jersey. The Senator
*aya that elsewhere there is no appeal by way
of writ of error to the Supreme Court. That is
true, sir; and I think it is a disgrace to our laws
that it is bo ; upon any property question aris-
ing under the Constitution and laws of the
United States, where the amount of property
involved is of the value of $2,000 or more, the
cause may be taken to the Supreme Court of
the United States for decision ; but upon the
sentence of one single man a district judge
of the United States, whom the Senator from
New Jersey would not employ if he were at
the bar to collect a $500 note, (and there are
such in this Republic,) a man may be sen-
tenced to death, and there is no opportunity to
review that decision.
Mr. SHERMAN. Is there not a writ of error
to the supreme court of the district 1
Mr. THUKMAN. No, sir; because the dis-
trict court does not generally try criminal
causes except in some few cases that are given
to it by statute; but where a district judge sits
with circuit court power, as in Alabama, a
man may be sentenced to lose his life by the
fiat of a single man, and there is no chance
whatever to remedy his errors.
Mr. SHERMAN. The inquiry I make of my
colleague, if he will allow me, is whether in
the Territories there is not a writ of error
always from the judge who presides at the
trial to the supreme court of the Territory?
Mr. TIIU KM AN. Oh, yes, to the supreme
court of the Territory; but how is that su-
preme court constituted?
Mr. SHERMAN. Then it must require
three judges to concur in the sentence.
Mr. TliURM AN. How is that supreme court
constituted '! The district courts are held -by
the members of the supreme court. A single
judge of the supreme court holds a district
court.
But I was replying to what was said by the
Senator from New Jersey that elsewhere in
the United States there is no appeal to the
Supreme Court of the United States in crim-
inal causes. It is true, and in my judgment
shame it is that it is true. It is simply mon-
strous that Judge Busteed, in Alabama, sitting
with circuit court powers may take the life of
a man and the Supreme Court of the United
States is as powerless to interfere as you or
I, sir, however enormous or iniquitous that
sentence may be, while if he deeides in refer-
enca to property worth $2,000 or more, that
cause can be taken to the highest judicial tri-
bunal in this land. Therefore, sir, I have
always been in favor of amending the law, and
permitting a writ of error to the Supreme
Court in the graver criminal offences.
We have in the State of Ohio three kinds
of courts : first, a common pleas court, which
has original jurisdiction of all offenses. If a
man be tried and found guilty in that court
and sentenced he has his writ of error to the
district court, composed of the common pleas
judges iti the circuit, never less than three and
sometimes five in number. If they decide
against him he has his writ of error to the
highest judicial tribunal iu the State, the su-
preme court. And so in every other State.
If si man be sentenced to death or to severe
punishment in the State of New York he can
go from the circuit judge who tries him up to
the court of appeals. And go it is elsewhere.
But under the Federal law, if a man is tried
and sen'euced to death by a single judge he
is utteriv winiont any remedy to have that de-
cision reviewed mid reversed, however errone-
ous it !!),'. i' be.
But th" S,-n:r«r from New Jersey
mvs 11.1:7 -he-.)- itrc nominated by \ije j
Pre .!•!•".,i and .-o'.iiruW t>y th<- Senate. Ay, j
fir, nut ;;r<-; bui <loes not the Senator know
iuii ft, for be belongs to the Judiciary Com- li
mittee, the trouble we have had to obtain men
fit to hold judicial station not simply in the
Territories but in the States ? Does he not
know what difficulty we have had at this very
session to determine who should be a judge in
Utah Territory ? i can speak no more plainly
because I cannot speak of our proceedings in
executive session; but will he tell me that the
fact that the judge is nominated by the Presi-
dent and confirmed by the Senate is any suffi-
cient guarantee that there will be no error in
his decision? No, sir: that will not do.
Again, he says there is danger of overload-
ing the Supreme Court of the United States.
Sir, if we are to protect that court from having
an excess of business, we had better begin at
some other end of its Calendar ; we had better
curtail its jurisdiction somewhat in civil causes,
in order that it may Lave time to decide the
criminal cases that ought properly to be brought
before it. I have in my mi> ■' now some laws
that have been enacted by tjT '."-ess, the pro-
ceedings under which deserve t > be considered
by the Supreme Court of the Lnited States,
and ought to have been reviewed by that court:
but of which you give to that court, the court
of last resort to decide upon the highest con-
stitutional questiona in the land, no jurisdic-
tion whatsoever.
But, sir, I do not propose to go into a gen-
eral review of the law on this subject on this
bill and correct the defects that I consider to
exist in it. For the reasons stated by my
friend from Delaware, peculiar to this case, I
ask that in this case there may be this appeal
to the Supreme Court. Although I should
very much like to see, when there was time
to take it up and prepare a proper code on the
subject, the Judiciary Committee report to the
Senate a proper bill allowing a writ of error
from the Supreme Court of the United States
in certain criminal cases, not simply to the
supreme court of Utah, but to every Federal
tribunal that has criminal jurisdiction through-
out the whole length and breadth of the Repub-
lic, I propose nothing of that kind now. I
propose simply to deal with the matter that is
now before us; and for the peculiar reasons
mentioned by my friend from Delaware. I
hope the Senate may be disposed* to allow
this appeal to exist.
Mr. FRELIN GHUYSEN. In answer to
the Senator from Delaware I am free to say
that this is special legislation ; but I believe it
to be so humane and so just legislation that I
should be willing to live under it, and willing
that every foot of territory of this. nation
should be subject to the legislation proposed
by this bill. While it is special, it is also hu-
mane. My friend says thai the people of the
Territory have no voice in the selection of
these judges. Neither have the people of any
of the other Territories any voice iti the selec-
tion of the judges.
As to the argument that the opinion of asingle
judge may condemn a man to the sentence of
death, that is not the case in this Territory. \
He is tried before a judge of the district court. •
By this very bill there is an appeal given to the
three judges in banc, and by the tir>t portion
ot the amendment of the Senator irooi Ohio,
to which I do not object, there is h wii' of error
from the Supreme Court of the United States
to the supreme court of the district sitting iu
bane.
1 should be very glad to see the greatest pos-
sible perfection of judgment attained in everv
case, criminal und eivii ; but is is perfectly ap-
parent that if we undertake to crowd upon the
Supreme Court of the United Sx.ues a review ift
every criminal ease whei e there is a sentence of |
six months or a thousand dollars hue. as sue- i
gested by the Senator from Ohio, we shall
swamp that conn with hc.-uiess and we shall
dtlav the administration of justice so as to
render otir laws inope>ativri and nugatory.
Mr. BAYAHD. Dm* not the Senator from
New Jerces ^elieve that wli--re these penalties
rise to omy $1,000, unless there be circum-
stances of gross and palpable injustice in
the case, it will be cheaper for the party to
submit to it rather than carry the case to the
Supreme Court? Therefore, practically would
not this right of appeal be limited to cages
where there had been a gross perversion of
justice, in which the appeal was taken not go
much for the mere purpose of saving the
amount as for vindicating the principle for
which the case was contested 1
Mr. FRELINGHUYS1N. I think that
would be a very bad principle for us to legis-
late upon; that we might enact injudicious
laws, because the expense of taking advantage
of the provisions which we made was so
great that they would not operate injuriously
on the community. I cannot adopt that prin-
ciple of legislation.
Mr. CARPENTER. Mr. President, I en-
tirely coneur with the Senator from Ohio and
the Senator from Delaware upon the particu-
lar subject that they have discussed. The feet
is, and the explanation is, that the judicial
department as it exists to-day is that when
the Government was established it was not
expected that much business would be brought
before those courts, and it is known that for
the first two or three years of the Government
but few cases were determined by the Supreme
Court of the United States. The amount of
litigation at that time, and for the first ten or
fifteen years of the Government, pending in
the Federal courts was exceedingly small.
We had, for instance, a circuit court system
without a judge. We lent judges from other
courts to hold the circuit courts. We provided
that the district judge might hold them j that
he and a justice of the Supreme Court might
hold them, or that either of them might hold
them; and that system having been thus im-
perfectly established, established apparently
without much thought, because not much im-
portance was attributed to it, owing to the
conservative disposition of lawyers and judges
and all men dealing with courts—a thing most
commendable in itself, but which sometimes
leads to great abuses—the judicial department
of the United States has not advanced, im
proved, and reformed as other departments
of the Government have been.
It is, as the Senator from Ohio has well
said, a shame that a man can be tried for his
life in a district court of the United States
before a single judge and have no writ of error
to any other tribunal. A district judge may
be the best man in the world; he is not ex-
pected to be the greatest man iu the worid.
You shut the door upon superior professional
attainments when you fix the salary at $3,000
or S3.600, and then, when we come here and
ask you to iucrease the salary you say, " Oh,
that will not do; these district judges do not
amount to anything." They never will be
very great, men while good lawyers can make
$10,000, $lo.000, and $20,000 a year at their
profession, and you pay only $3,500 for the
services of a district judge ; and yet in every
State of this Union men may be tried for vio-
lation of Federal law and sentenced to death
by the determination of one such judge. We
all know that in the best courts, and under the
most favorable circumstances for administer-
ing justice, errors creep into a trial at nisi
prius. With a jury in the box, with the hurry
of business at the terra, errors will be1 com-
mitted by the best judges and the purest men ;
and yet to-day in the Federal courts you give
no writ of error to the Supreme Court in a
case of treason or murder, for which a man, if
convicted, may be executed, while if his farm
worth $2,000 be taken from him he may go to
the Supreme Court of the United States. It is
no answer to say that the Supreme Court is
overburdened with business 
Mr. EDMUNDS. Three thousand dollars.
Mr. CARPENTER. Two thousand dol-
lars. I may come to the Supreme Court of
the United States iu any case exceeding $2,000,
exclusive of costs, and the fact that the Su-
