844
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 24,
I have been ready to avail myself, however,
of that opportunity just so soon as the House
gave it to me. When the House did give me
that opportunity and I accepted, then if that
proposition amounts to anything at all it
amounts to this; that so soon as I accepted the
position of member of Congress an'd qualified
myself by taking the oath 1 at once vacated
the position which I held in South Carolina.
I contend, and it has been laid down in the
books as having been adjudicated time and
again, that a man can accept any position he
pleases and exercise its duty up to the time he
is allowed to qualify for another position, and
that when that time conies, if he gives up the
position he holds and comes here and qualifies,
he is entirely within the line of precedents,
and objection cannot lie against him such as
that now made against me. Such is the law,
and such are the precedents established by this
Congress, and I challenge the committee to
point to one that goes the other way.
The first case adjudicated on in which this
question was contested was the case of Charles
Hammond vs. Samuel Herrick, of Ohio. I
will read the head-note:
"Thesitting member was elected to Congress in
October, 1816, being then in commission as district
attorney of tho United States; on the 29th Novem-
ber, 1817, he resigned his office of district attorney,
and, on the 1st day of December following, took, his
seat in Congress. It was decided that ho was not
rendered incapable of being a member of the House
by reason of his having held the said office after the
4th March, and until the 29th November, 1817. In-
quiry as to the time when the rights of membership
commence."
This is the report:
"That on the 19th December, 1810, Mr. Herrick
was appointed attorney of the United States for the
district of Ohio, which office he accepted and held
until his resignation thereof, on the 29th November,
1817. In October, 1816, he was elected one of the Rep-
resentatives of tho State bf Ohio for the Fifteenth
Congress. Tho result of the election was publicly
announced on the7th Januair,1817, in the presence
of the senate of that State. On the 15th September,
1817, tho Governor issued a certificate of Mr. Hcr-
rick's election, according to the law of Ohio, which
was received by him on or about tho 30th day of the
same month. Mr. Ilerrick, therefore, continued in
office almost nine months after the 4th of March
last, aod two months after receiving the certificate
of his election. It does not appear, on the part of
the memorialist, and it is denied on the part of Mr.
Herrick, that he performed-any act as attorney of
the United. States after the said 30th of September,
lie, however, oontinued in office, was liable to per-
form its duties, and was entitled to its salary until
his resignation. Congress met December 1, 1817,
and Mr. Herrick took his seat on that day in the
House of ltepresentatives."
Citing the common law doctrine and English
practice, the committee go on to state:
"Persons elected to the House of Commons be-
come at one time members for certain purpose, and
at another time for other purposes. Thus immedi-
ately upon executing the indenture of return by the
sheriff or other returning officor the person elected
becomes entitled to the privilege of franking, al-
though the day at which the Parliament is madore-
turnable may not have arrived. Yet he is not a
member, for he may thereafter bo a candidatofor
election in another election at any time before the
Parliament is made returnable, and tho return
actually filed in the Crown offico, .From the time last
mentioned he becomes a memberso far that ho cannot
be a candidate for another district, yethemay there-
after hold an office incompatible with membership,
and upon resigning his office he may immediately
qualify and take his seat in the house. It has often
been decided by their committee of elections that
a person holding an office incompatible with mem-
bership is nevertheless capable of prosecuting a
olaim to his seat. After examination of all the par-
liamentary registers, histories, and journals within
our reach, we have found no case where a person
elected to the House of Commons was brought in on
a call of the house before he had voluntarily ap-
peared, qualified, and taken his seat, nordo we find
any instance of a person having been expelled until
alter such time."
There is the very doctrine in this case. Did
I, a contestant merely, by accepting a position
in South Carolina, render myself ineligible for
a seat in Congress ? Certainly not, according
to all the precedents. Andit isthe only ques-
tion in this case. As I have already stated, the
proofs and the law are on my side.
Now, I ask this House whether affidavits
sent here entirely ex parte are to affect my
position ? It' cx parte affidavits were sent here
making charges against a member of Congress
from New York, do you suppose for a moment
it would be called proof? To be sure it might
be ground for an investigation to ascertain
whether such were the fact; and if it be de-
cided I am entitled to this seat, then the
House can go on and investigate this matter.
And I invite the fullest investigation so far as
I am concerned.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman's time
has expired.
Mr. BO WEN. I ask the House for an exten-
sion of my time. I do not think I will take
up more than fifteen minutes in concluding
what I have to say.
There was no objection, and it was granted
accordingly.
Mr. BO WEN. Mr. Speaker, I am very
much obliged to the House for its courtesy.
I was going on to say whether the affidavits
which were filed and have been brought in
here are called proof. They were filed simply
for the purpose of getting an extension of
time on the part of the sitting member, he
having already failed to avail himself of the
first sixty days, and when the time was
extended to him took only the proof of two
witnesses, which did not amount to anything.
It was necessary, then, to have farther time.
And here, on that question of collusion, let
me call the attention of the House to this:
the sitting member employed counsel, and it
appeared, although the committee do not state
it, that that counsel and the sitting member
quarreled about money. The counsel said
that the sitting member had not paid him his
fees, and that he was going to withhold his
affidavits. That was the history. Now, Mr.
Speaker, what necessity was there for me to
enter_ into any collusion with the counsel of
the sitting member? I had all that I could
ask for under the law. There was no need of
any collusion, so far as I was concerned, with
him or his counsel. The law gave me all the
protection I wanted, and I intended, and so
notified the committee, to avail myself of it.
I ask the Clerk to read the section of the law
to which I refer.
The Clerk read as follows:
" That all witnosses who shall attend in obedience
to said subpena, or who shall attend voluntarily at
the time and place appointed, of whoso examina-
tion notice has been given, as provided in tho next
preceding section, shall then and there bo examined
on oath or affirmtion, by the magistrate who issued
the subpena aforesaid, or, in case of his absence, by
any other such magistrate as is authorized by this
act to issue such subpena, touching all suoli mat-
ters and things respecting the election about to
be contested as shall be proposed by the parties
aforesa-id, or either of them, or by their or either
of their agents; and tho testimony of the wit-
nesses, t9gether wUh the questions proposed by
the parties or their agents, the said magistrate
is hereby authorized and required to cause to be
reduced to writing, in his presence, and in the pres-
ence of the parties or their agents, if attending, and
to be duly attested by the witnosses respectively,
after which ho shall immediately transmit bv mail
the said testimony, duly certified under his hand
and sealed up, to the Clerk of tho House of Repre-
sentatives for the time being, together with a copy
of tho subpena and of the notice served upon the
party, as provided in the preceding section, and of
the proof of the service of such notice."
Mr. BOWEN. Now, Mr. Speaker, the act
of Congress under which testimony is taken
says this : that the magistrate taking the testi-
mony shall immediately forward it to the
Clerk of the House under his seal. If that
magistrate sees fit to give it to any outside
party, what contestant is there that would
accept it? Just as soon as I found out that
they had not followed the law, that they had
gone outside of it, my counsel wrote the chair-
man of the committee a letter saying they
had not complied with the act of Congress,
and_ that he should object to the filing of that
testimony. And that was all we wanted. I
stated personally, during the holidays one
year ago, to the chairman of the committee,
that, while they had taken the testimony in
their own hands, and kept it all summer, I cer-
tainly should object to their filing it, as I did
not know what had happened to it while they
had it in their possession. But I said another
thing, and I asK the House to take it into con-
sideration, which will not be denied on the
other side, that, while they had done that, I
would not object to the sitting member having
a reasonable time allowed him to retake that
testimony, if be would commence and retake
it now. Did he do it? Not one word of it.
But he kept awayfrom here, until away on in
May, and then he came in and asked for an
extension, which, if granted, would have car-
ried him over the session of Congress, and
which, when granted, carried him over the
session^ and he got to this point, that he has
drawn his pay up to the present time. And
that was all there was in those motions for an
extension of time. That is the history of this
case; there is nothing else in it. But when they
filed their affidavits asking for an extension,
and setting forth that there was collusion be-
tween tho counsel of the sitting member and
myself, I filed this affidavit which I will ask
the Clerk to read. I filed it then with the com-
mittee. It was the only opportunity I had to
disprove or put on record anything rebutting
what they had said in their ex parte affidavits.
The Clerk read as follows:
^'t5°Wen "i Territory of the District of Colum-
R. C. DeLarge f ^lct' " Washinr/ton, ss;
(Contest second district South Carolina—Forty-
Second Congress.)
Christopher C. Bowen, being duly sworn according
tolaw, deposes and says, that he isthe above con-
testant ; that he has read the affidavit of Robert G.
Do Large and others, upon which the contesteo
moves for a further extension of time : that the alle-
gations contained in tho affidavit of said Do Large,
in relation to tho employment of Charles W. Butts,
are wholly untrue; that deponent has not employed
said Buttz in any capacity ns counsel or attorney in
this case, nor has he promised him any money or
other valuable consideration for services rendered
or to be rendered in this ease; that he has entered
into no conspiracy with said Buttz, or with any
other person or persons whatsoever, to extortmoney
from said De Large, or for any other purpo-e what-
ever ; that he is eoutestins tho right of said De
Large to the seat he now holds in the House of Rep-
resentatives in good faith, and believes that he. the
deponent, was honestly and fairly elected thereto
bya large majority of legal votes ; thathe has never
madeany contract or agreement, in writing or other-
wise, with said Buttz, to do or not to do any act or
thing in connection with or relating to the contest
now pending between deponent and said De Large.
_ C. C. BOWEN.
Sworn to and subscribed before me, this 17th day
of April, A. D. 1872.
[I- s.] DAVID P. SMITH, J. P.
Mr. BOWEN. Mr. Speaker, when notice
was served upon me, late in the evening, of
an application for an extension of time, and
setting forth the grounds upon which it was
asked, and that it was to be argued the next
dayy there was nothing left for me but to make
use of such testimony as I had to disprove
their allegations, and I made that affidavit. I
made it because every word of it was true. 1
am sorry that one of the members from South
Carolina [Mr. Eojott] is not here to-day, or I
would further prove the truth of this affidavit.
None of the members from South Carolina
believed at that time that there was any collu-
sion between the counsel of the sitting member
and myself. But to show the straits to which
my opponents were put to sustain the testimony
by which to carry the case over, I now submit
letters from gentlemen in Newark, New Jer-
sey, which show the character of Rev. Mr.
Moore, one of the parties who made the
affidavits upon which the application for an
extension of time was based. I ask the Clerk
to read the letter which I now send up.
The Clerk read as follows :
No. 502 Twelfth Street,
Washington, D. 0., Ma,-rh-m, 1872.
Sir: Will yon oblige me by letting me know by
return mail if bamuel T. Moore was a defaulter to
the otato while superintendent of the Soldiers'
Home, and if so, to what extent, and has he settled
the amount . You will confer a favor by answering
by return mail. "
Very respectfully, CHARLES WILSON.
Mr. BOWEN. Now read the indorsement
on the back of that letter.
