1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
could be administered by high-minded, impar-
tial judges, would be unexceptional in every
particular, yet we cannot shut our eyes to the
fact that this law empowers that court as it is
constituted and with the theories and opinions
which its judges entertain, to go on adminis-
tering the law upon the condition of things
there existing, and that injustice may be done.
Well, sir, I am not objecting; I am notgoing
to vote against this bill. At the same time I
do go forward in the matter with great reluc-
tance, because I fear that from the bet>t of
motives and with the greatest caution and pru-
dence that it is possible to exercise, we may
do more harm than good; we may do more
injustice than justice; we may punish more
innocent people than guilty persons.
I would throw around the proceedings under
this law every possible safeguard. I would
give these people this right of appeal. I do
not speak paiticularly of the precise limits
fixed by the amendment. Perhaps imprison-
ment for six months is too small; a fine of
$1,000 may be too small. Perhaps appeal
should only be allowed in cases of imprison-
ment for two or three years and a fine of
$2,000. Sir, I would not exclude every man
prosecuted for crime from the right of being
heard in the supreme tribunal of the land.
If these men are tried there they are to be
tried for violating the act of Congress, and the
judicial power, with the supreme tribunal at
its head, should be authorized to reach, to
hear, and to determine all those causes.
Let me say again, I am not criticising any-
body. I believe I know that the members of
the Judiciary Committee feel the embarrass-
ment as much as I do, and are as anxious as
I am to do nothing which can by any possibility
be perverted io an end of injustice, and I be-
lieve they would cheerfully accept any amend-
ment which they thought would throw ad-
ditional safeguards around this bill, and it
seems to me that giving this right of appeal is
one of those safeguards.
Mr- STEWART. Mr. President, the pre-
cise difficulty that has embarrassed the admin-
istration of justice iu the Territories for the
last twenty years is suggested by this amend-
ment, and upon this point I have made obser-
vation for a long time. It is not the Territory
of Utah alone, but all the Territories, that
need an appeal wherein their causes can be
heard from the Supreme Court that is provided
uuder your organic acts. You have now m
the various Territories, nine in number, three
judges m each, making twenty-seven judges,
paid $3,000 each, making $81,000 dollars.
There is money enough in that to carry on
your sj'stem. You have got more judges than
you want., but you have got them all put on a
level and badly paid. In many of the Terri-
tories if you gave the right of appeal, one
judge would be sufficient. Sir, a $3,000
judge in a Territory cannot be a very great
man. Three thousand dollars will not sup-
port a judge and his family m any one of the
Territories, I care not how economical he may
live ; at any rate in one of the mining interior
Territories. Three thousand dollars will not
procure legal talent of sufficient capacity to
hear and determine the causes that ordinarily
come belore those courts.
Now, this amendment proposes to allow ap-
peals and writs of error to the Supreme Court
of the United States. That would be the most
desirable thing imaginable in both civil and
criminal cases, if it were possible, i should
be glad to vote for this amendment if the
thing were possible; but from Utah alone I
think appeals will come up and writs of error
to occupy the entire time of the Supreme
Court of the United States. It is simply out
of the question.
Then again, that court is behind now nearly
four years, anil an appeal in a criminal case
which has to abide tour years tor determin-
ation is always a denial ol right. The thing
it. practically impossible, it is unjust to the
alleged criminal, unjust to other litigants, and
unjust to the Government. Some other means
must be adopted. I deny that the Constitu-
tion of the United States provides or guaran-
ties to every man in the Territories the right
of appeal to the Supreme Court of the United
States. It is true the Constitution says there
shall be one Supreme Court, &c., but it has
been repeatedly decided by the Supreme Court
of the United States that the Territories do
not come under those provisions of the Con-
stitution providing for a Supreme Court. They
are governed by Congress under its power to
deal with the Territories, and the courts are
territorial courts.
This country can afford, however, and it
must afford if it is going to deal with a sub-
ject as grave as this, to give the people of this
Territory a reasonable right of appeal, such a
right of appeal as can be used, such a right
ot appeal as can be sufficiently speedy, so as
not to be a denial of justice, and there is no
other way to do that except to create a court
of appeal. I assisted oil a former occasion in
preparing a proposition to that effect, which
has been before the House of Representatives,
which I ask to have read, and which I shall
propose as a substitute for this. I do not like
hasty legislation, but I do believe that the
right of appeal to have a case determined by a
court of higher jurisdiction than those now
organized in the Territories is but just. I
send to the desk an amendment, which I shall
propose as a substitute, and ask to have read
now for information.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
That the organized Territories of the United
States, exclusive of tho District of Columbia, shall
constitute three Judicial circuits, as follows: the
Territories of Washington, Idaho, and Montana
shall constitute the tenth circuit; Utah, Wyoming,
and Dakota, the eleventh circuit; Colorado, New-
Mexico, and Arizona, the twelfth circuit. There
shall be appointed in each of said circuits a circuit
judge, who shall reside in his circuit, and shall
receive the same compensation and shall possess the
same power and jurisdiction therein as the other
circuit judges of the United States exercise in their
respective circuits m cases arising under the Consti-
tution and laws of the United States; and, in addi-
tion thereto, such circuit judges shall hold a court
of appeal in the several Territories, and appeals
and writs of error from the supreme court in the
several Territories may be taken in all eases to such
court of appeals; and appeals and writs of error
from the circuit courts and courts of appeal in the
Territories shall be allowed to the Supreme Court
of the United States in eases arising under the Con-
stitution and laws of the United States in all cases
where appeals and writs of error are allowed from
the circuit or district courts of the United States,
and also in ail cases involving the constitutionality
or legality of a territorial statute. In all other
eases the judgment and decrees of the said circuit
courts shall be final.
That whenever a new State shall be formed from
anyof the Territories aforesaid, such new State shall
remain as a part of the circuit in which the Terri-
tory was situated, and be subject to the laws govern-
ing other circuit courts in the States. There shall
be held at the capital of each Territory at least two
terms of the circuit ftourt in each year, the time to
be fixed by the presiding judge.
Mr. STEWART. This proposition is to
appoint three circuit judges for the nine Ter-
ritories. I have not reduced the number of
district judges, because that would be a matter
of too much labor, but it can be reduced so as
to save more, and the supreme courts of the
Territories might be dispensed with altogether
and an appeal taken directly to the circuit
court. That would give you three judges who
would be on a par with the circuit judges of
the United States; and that would be as high
a court of jurisdiction as exists in the States
for the determination of like questions: and
then questions which might go up to the cir-
cuit courts might also go to the Supreme Court
of the United States.
Now, I tell you that in the Territories judges j
with $3,000 a year are not the class of men
with whom these important interests can be
trusted. I have notliing to say about the
judges of Utah. There are men there who are
laboring hard to do their duty ; they are zeal-
ous in eboi'- work; but the system is wrong.
They are too poorly paid, and all judges in the
Territories are subjected to too much tempta-
tion. The judicial system has been a radical
failure in the mining Territories, This bill I
would cheerfully vote for if you had there and
were to have in the future the same judicial
system that you have in your circuit courts in
the States. Then there would be no difficulty
in the administration of justice. The diffi-
culty in the Territories arises from a poorly
paid judiciary and from their short term.
Their term is only four years, and they are
liable to be removed at the will of the Presi-
dent during that time. This amendment pro-
poses to give them a term for life, to make
them circuit judges, and when States are
carved out of these Territories they go right
on as other circuit judges with a term for life
and $6,000 a year salary the same as the other
circuit judges get. Do this and you will get a
class of men to whom apeals can be taken.
My friend who has charge of this bill may
not think this is a serious question. I have
seen a great deal of it, not in Utah so much aa
in other Territories.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. If my friend
appeals to me, I think it is quite as useless for
us to enter on the adoption of a Federal
code at this time of the session as to create
three judicial circuits. It is just exactly
impracticable.
Mr. STEWART. I do not propose judi-
cial districts. I propose three judicial cir-
cuits.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Well, circuits.
Mr. STEWART. I do not think it is any
more impossible to create three judicial cir-
cuits than it is to bring on the miilenium in
Utah by legislation at this short session.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Thengoagainst
the bill.
Mr. STEWART. That I shall do or not
do, as I think best when the proper time
comes; but 1 say this proposition should have
been considered, and it would be better if
there was a little laborput on the organization
of the judicial system for the Territories, so
that the money which is expended should be
expended to give you the same class of judges
standing as high as they do in theStates. The
matters that come before your circuit judge in
New Jersey amount to nothing compared to
the questions before the district courts in the
Territories. Where he has the consideration
of ten dollars, the district judges in the Terri-
tories have the consideration of hundreds of
thousands of dollars. Millions are involved
in snits there. The circuit judges in the States
have no responsibility compared with them.
The responsibility is merely trifling compared
with the responsibility thrown on judges who
receive only $3,000 a year, and who are re-
movable at the pleasure of the President.
One resigned the other day because he could
not live there.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Who was that?
Mr. STEWART. One of the district judges
resigned.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Strickland?
Mr. STEWART. Yes.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Because he conld not
live there?
Mr. STEWART. The statement to me was
that the salary was inadequate.
Mr. EDMUNDS. No; it was because he
had got richer there.
Mr. STEWART. If he resigned because
he got rich on the bench there, is not that a
reason for my amendment? Is not that an
admission? Will the Senator from Vermont
propose to place the destinies of the people in
the hands of men who can get rich on $3,000
a year? That is the trouble. You take a class
ot men who may get rich on $3,000 a year,
and you say you have not time to consider the
matter of appointing judges with sufficient
character that the people of the United States
may have confidence in them. The presiding
judge, I am aware, the chief justice there, is
a man who labors very hard for the public and
earns much more than $3,000 a year. Bat
