1806
THE CONGRESSIONAL &LOBE.
February 26,
here you have a supreme court organized, and
one of your judges left because he got rich on
$3,000 a year.
Now, I say it is time that you gave the Ter-
ritories an appellate tribunal which shall be
equal in diguity and standing and equal in
learning with that which you furnish to the
States. They have greater responsibilities.
The development of the mines has produced
a new order of things, and the responsibility
is tenfold greater than that of your circuit
judges in the States.
Instead of giving the Territories judges for
life, that shall have a compensation that will
support them, you pretend to conduct a great
enterprise of this kind, to preserve order and
adjust, the rights of men in the condition of
things we find ourselves in in the interior,
where men make fortunes in the mines in a few
years—you intrust those interests to judges
temporarily appointed. Temporary expedi-
ents are resorted to, and what was applicable
to the agricultural countries of the West you
extend to the mining Territories without ever
having changed your system. I say what you
want in Utah more than anything else is a
judiciary that will satisfy the people, a judi-
ciary that shall be sufficiently paid to support
them, so that they will be above want. With
this bill, and with an appellate court that can
hear cases, there will be no difficulty in it;
there will be satisfaction.
I think my amendment going into this bill
would answer the purpose. I believe that it
is better matured than this bill, and I think it
will fit in right, go in as the first section
of the bill, and then let the rest follow. It
certainly provides for a court, and I do not
believe in performing these things without
a court. I do not believe in attempting to
regulate the affairs of that country with
three thousand dollar judges or men who can
get rich on $3,000 a year. If that be so, it
is certainly a disgrace to the country. It
seems to me like running a great steamship
with a tea-kettle for a boiler. It takes six or
seven thousand dollars for a judge there to
live iu the most, economical way; and yet
you give but $3,000. Such men as you can get
at that salary are picked up and put in to
determine eases involving millions. There
is the difficulty about the administration of
justice in the Territories. You do not pay
euough, and you have not service enough.
You have not resorted to those means that
have secured the best legal talent in the States.
That is the trouble, and you will have confu-
sion uutil you resort to the same means that
are resorted to in the States to get judicial
talent to administer the law. You cannot
pile up laws enough to give a fair administra-
tion of justice in these Territories that have
millions involved in their mining litigations,
unless you give them judicial character and
standing to determine the cases and to execute
your laws.
Mr. EDMUNDS. May I ask the Senator (i
question ?
Mr. STEWART. Certainly.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I ask him how much
money he thinks it would take to pursuade a
judge to be honest ?
Mr. STEWART. Well, it appears it took
more than $3,000 according to the suggestion
of my friend with regard to one of the judges.
I think that if you are going to get good law-
yers, with sufficient capacity and ability to
proceed to hear and determine cases that in-
volve millions, who are required to live in the
most expensive part of the country, they can-
not be procured for $3,000 a year, if any one
undertakes it he is sitting there at a great sac-
rifice to himself, and his stay is only temporary.
If a man sufficient tor the office goes there
and attends to it he is making a personal
sacrifice every hour, and he will stay but a
little yyaile. You do not pay enough to secure
that kind of talent which is necessary; and I
am surprised to hear it intimated that jou can
hire & judge on the same principle that you
could hire the cheapest man you could get
to do Borne little job,, without regard to
qualifications, that a judge need not neces-
sarily be a lawyer. The idea of hiring a law-
yer for $3,000 a year to live where it will cost
six or eight thousand dollars anyhow, is strange
to me. Will my friend from Vermont go to
that Territory and work for $3,000 a year ?
Would he think of doing it? We need bright
lawyers as he is. Does he think that the cir-
cuit judges of the United States appointed
under the bill of 1869 would have taken those
offices at $3,000 a year? Does he think he
would get any one of them to go to Utah and
stay on $3,000 a year, and stay temporarily at
that until thereis a change of administration
or until thePresident removes him? You may
launch just as many bills as you please for
Utah or the other Territories, but as soon as
they come to have business there, when they
develope the mines, when there are people
and business in that interior of the country,
you will find that you have no judiciary.
Mr. WINDOM. Mr. President, I do not
propose at this hour to weary the Senate by
any extended remarks ; but I feel that there is
a portion of our country, the name of which
brings a blush of shame to every American
citizen. I moat profoundly thank the Presi-
dent of the United States for calling the atten-
tion of Congress to this subject; and I thank
the committee represented by my honorable
friend from New Jersey for presenting a bill
for our action which will at least tend to re-
move a great national disgrace.
Mr. President, had I never heard anything
of Utah or Mormouism until to-day, when I
listened with so much interest and pleasure to
the rose-colored view of that subject presented
by the honorable Senator now occupying the
chair, [Mr. Nye,] I should have come to the
conclusion that we had discovered the very
Eden of A meriea, the place where believers and
unbelievers dwell together in brotherly love.
As lie spoke of the sweet commingling harmony
of the church-bells of the Mormon temple and
the Protestant church in Salt Lake City, and
dwelt so eloquently upon what had been ac-
complished iu that, interior portion of the
Republic by the organization known as the
Mormon church, I felt that I ought to pause
for a few moments and reconsider my former
convictions on that subject, and since I
have been able to spend a few moments here
to-night in listening to my honorable friends
on the other side who are so tender of the
rights and feelings of that people, I have
thought that perhaps, after all, the well-settled
convictions of the people of this country as to
the character and practices of that organization
were merely a groundless prejudice. I have
been in the habit of regarding as worthy of all
consideration the opinions of my honorable-
friend from Nevada who last addressed the
Senate, [Mr. Stewart,] but I am inclined to-
night to believe that Nevada is somewhat too
near Utah. I have a slight suspicion that some
offshoots of that church have found their way
over the Nevada line.
Now, sir, while I would not violate the con-
stitutional rights of any citizen or person in
the Territory of Utah, I would go to the very
verge of our constitutional power in the effort
to utterly destroy that institution.
The honorable Senator from California [Mr.
C_assbrx.t] told us to-night, as 1 understood
him, that the evils of Mormonism consist
chiefly in a plurality of wives.
Now, sir, I do not propose to discuss that
part of the subject at all. I know polygamy
is a burning disgrace to the Republic, a foul
spot on its fair fame; I know that it is one of
the features in that church which has brought
shame and reproach upon this nation; but it
is not merely the polygamous character of that
organization which in my judgment merits
condemnation.
I waat u> refer for a very few moments to an
item of history in connection with it, for I
think we are somewhat too tender of it here
to-night. It is high time we understood pre-
cisely the character of that institution with
which we are dealing in this bill. It is not
merely that a man in Utah may have two or
twenty wives. There are other features of that
institution even worse than polygamy.
In the year 1857 a company of farmers and
mechanics with their wives and little ones
started from Arkansas to make the weary pil-
grimage across the plains to California. Nearly
the whole summer was spent in crossing the
Alkali deserts, when weary, foot-sore, out of
food, and unable from the loss of cattle and
horses to proceed further, they encamped in
this Territory of Utah. They remained there for
a short time. The authorities of the Mormon
church, fearing that their presence might work
an injury to their peculiar institution, organized
a regiment of soldiers and sent them to attack
these unarmed, inoffensive men, women, and
children ; this body of American citizens who
were merely exercising their rights to remove
from one section of this great Bepoblic to
another; and let me for a few moment* arrest
the attention of the Senate while I call to mind
the facts and circumstances of that attack.
These emigrants, hardy and brave, impro-
vised as rapidly as they could the means of
defense and for three days resisted the attacks
of the blood-thirsty miscreants who sought
their lives. Finally during the third day of
the battle it became a necessity with them to
get water; they were choking with thirst.
Unable to endure longer they dressed two
little girls in white, and sent them out to ask
quarter of their assailaints. Neither the
emblems of peace nor the innocence of these
children were regarded. They were shot dowu
in cold blood. Finding that it was impossible
to conquer without the risk of their own lives,
the Mormons finally sent a flag of truce,
respected even by the savages of the desert,
and what was the result ? 1 will read a short
extract from a book which I have before me,
entitled the " Rocky Mountain Saints
" But now was to be enacted one of these scenes
whioh the pen is inadequate to describe, and the
horrors of'whioh it is impossible for one not tb on
present to realize. Here wore unarmed, unresisting
men, innocent and inoffensive women, and helpless
children, none of which had ever harmed you, or
offended the majesty of the laws of Utah. They had
every possible claim not only to Lee's protection"—
Lee was the Mormon officer in command of
the force—
"but to life, liberty, and their property. Their right
to be treated truthfully, honorably, and humanely
was perfect. But, sir, your order was practically as
irrevocable as it was terrible. And it would not do
for the troops to think long about it, leat conscience
should assert rights which even the thought of you
could not overcome. There must be no time for par-
leying between obedience te you and duty to hu-
manity.
"So, without allowing these famishing prisoners
time even to refresh themselves, the women and
children were separated from their husbands and
fathers, and started on ahead toward Cedar City,
the men following immediately in their rear, and
all guarded by the entire command, with Lee at the
head of the column. There is no reason to sup-
pose that, up to the moment of the massacre, the
emigrants thought they were going to be shot down.
After they had been marched about a half mile Lee
gave the word to halt; then immediately the com-
mand to 'shoot them down' was passed down the
column, and before the poor emigrants could realize
their situation, the first volley was delivered! Then
from the survivors went up such a piercing, heart-
rending scream, such a shriek of blank despair;
then the flight of all except one young woman, who
sprang to Lee and clang to him for protection; then
the ohase, then another volley, and then another,
and still another, and then—all was still 1"
Over one hundred innocent victims slept in
the silent dust, cruelly murdered by the very
men of whom Senators are so tender.
•'The order had been given to spare the little
children; but in the excitement 01 the massacre
spine were killed. Seventeen,however, were saved.
They were taken care of by Bishop Smith, who had
been detailed by Major Lee before the massacre tor
that purpose, in this labor of mercy he was volun-
tarily assisted by John Willis and Samuel Mardy.
The hapless orphans were put into two regimental
baggage wagons and taken to Jake Hamlin's
ranche, and next day to Cedar City, where they
were distributed aaaowg the Mermen families.. Two
