846
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 24,
wili exercise the incompatible duties of sheriff
of Charleston can conscientiously present him-
self and ask to be sworn to exercise at the
same time the duties of a member in this
House, the assumption of both offices requiring
an oath to support the two constitutions which
make these duties incompatible.
On that ground many members of the com-
mittee thought it would not be necessary to
go further with this case ; but they submitted
to an intelligent sub-committee, composed
of the chairman and another member, an
eminent lawyer, the question on the merits.
These gentlemen, going over the whole ease,
were of opinion that the frauds and irregular-
ities attending upon the election were so great
as to render it impossible to determine on any
legal testimony who had the majority of votes
legally cast. I do not propose to go over the
testimony on that point. If the House desires
to listen to it, the chairman is prepared to
make a statement of it; but it does not seem
to me that in the face of this unanimous report
of the committee, the House will desire to be
detained in that way.
Mr. MAYNARD. I find that there is some
difference of recollection on this floor about
what we ought to remember very well—the
action of the House in the case of Whitte-
more when he came back after his reelection.
Does the gentleman's memory enable him to
state whether the House acted upon the case
at that time?
Mr. HOAR. Mr. Logan, then chairman
of the Committee on Military Affairs, who
had conducted the investigation which led to
the censure and resignation of Whittemore,
opposed his being permitted to take the oath
of office ; and the House thereupon refused its
assent. For the reason I have stated I did
not concur with that action, and voted against
it; but' such was the action of the House.
Mr. MAYNARD. There was some differ-
ence of opinion as to what the action of the
House was at that time.
Mr. HOAR. I yield two minutes to the
gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Farnsworth 1
_ Mr. FARNSWORTH. I well recollect the
circumstances in VVhittemore's case; for I
took some part in the debate ou the occasion.
General Logan, then one of ray colleagues in
this House, introduced a resolution declaring
that Whittemore was not entitled to the seat,
the resolution being based upon what had
taken place—that Whittemore had been ex-
pelled.
Mr. HOAR. He had not been expelled,
but had resigned.
Mr, FARNSWORTH. That he had resigned
to escape expulsion.^ I opposed that resolu-
tion in a very few minutes which were yielded
to me for that purpose, and then the previous
question was called. Other gentlemen, one of
whom is now in my eye, desired the floor lo
oppose the resolution, but were cut off from
the right of debate 5 and the resolution was
put through under whip and spur.
Mr. HOAR. We do not rest the case on
these incidental points, though we conceive
that a ground on which a majority of the last
House acted in a similar case, and which would
reject the contestant, ought not to be omitted
from our report. We rest the case upon the
ground that the gentlemen of the sub-com-
mittee, who have investigated the facts, declare
it to be impossible to ascertain upon legal testi-
mony who had the majority of legal votes,
by reason of the extensive frauds and irregu-
larities at the election.
I now yield to the gentleman from South
Carolina, [Mr. Rainisy.]
Mr. RA1NEY. Mr. Speaker, I will detain
the House but a few minutes in making an
explanation in behalf of my colleague, [Mr.
De Large.]
The SPEAKER, The time of the gentle-
man from Massachusetts has expired.
Mr. HOAR. I call the previous question.
Mr. RAINEY. I ask the gentleman from
Massachusetts to yield to me for three minutes
to make a statement.
Mr. HOAll. I will call the previous ques-
tion, and after the main question has been
ordered will then yield to the gentleman from
South Carolina.
The previous question was seconded and
the main question ordered.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Hoar] is entitled to one
hour to close the debate.
Mr. HOAR. I do not desire to discuss the
question further, but take the floor for the
purpose of yielding for five minutes to the
gentleman from South Carolina. [Mr Rainey. ]
Mr. POTTER. I hope the House will come
to order so we may hear what is going on.
Mr. RAINEY. Mr. Speaker, 1 regret ex-
ceedingly that my colleague, [Mr. De Large,]
the contestee in this case, is so indisposed as
not to be able to be present to-day to speak in
his own behalf and in his own ease. 1 deem
there has been no argument advanced by the
contestant in this case but what could be well
answered by the contestee if sickness did not
detain him from the floor. If I had thought
for one moment my colleague would not be
present, or had not made some arrangement
by which some member of this House, or some
member of the Committee of Elections, or
someone outside of Congress could speak in his
behalf, I should have prepared myself with the
necessary testimony and with all the facts and
figures to make a proper presentation of his
case before the final vote was taken. I am
not at this time prep '.red to enter into a con-
sideration of the testimony adduced by the
gentleman who is now contesting this seat.
He has seen fit to make reference to the char-
acter of some of the witnesses of the con-
testee. I refrain from referring to the char-
acter of some of the witnesses of the contest-
ant. If this case were to be decided to-day,
if the argument were to be submitted to the.
House, and a final decision were to be taken,
I would go on and have my entire say on
the subject, and then leave the House to judge
of the case from the testimony which I should
adduce. My colleague, the contestee, as I
have already stated, is indisposed; and he is
desirous of having the further consideration
of this case postponed to the early part of
next week, when he will be present himself,
and will be able lo make a fair and impartial
presentation of all the facts involved in this
contest.
In the statement of the case contained in the
report of the Committee of Elections it is
charged that the sitting member [Mr. De
Large] did not receive a majority of the legal
votes cast. Now, 1 wish to say to the gentle-
men of the Committee of Elections, they may
have had some testimony, but it is not to be
forgotten that my colleague [Mr. De Large]
came here with a prima facie right to his seat,
holding the certificate which was given him by
the board of canvassers of the State of South
Carolina, certifying that he had received a
majority of the legal votes cast in that election.
That board solemnly declared, after careful
observation and scrutiny of the polls, that he
had received the legal number of votes. If
it be attempted to be proved or conjectured
that he did not receive the legal number of
votes, I should like him to be present to an-
swer for himself and in his own behalf. I
believe he could bring forward testimony to
set the matter at rest.
I propose to speak again on this subject,
Mr. Speaker, at another time. 1 learn the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Hoar]
will move thatthe further consideration of this
case be postponed or passed over informally
for the present, to be taken up for final decis-
ion when my colleague can have an opportun-
ity to be present. I refrain therefore from
taking up any further time of the House.
Mr. IIOAR. Mr. Speaker, since this debate
began I have been informed that Mr. De Large,
the sitting member, was sick and unable to be
present. I had the case postponed once
already, and expected the sitting member
would be represented by his colleague, [Mr.
Rainey.] I have no desire to press the case
unduly, and if it meets with the approval of
the House, shall agree to the postponement
asked for.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I wish
to call the attention of my colleague to this
statement in the report of the committee :
" It further appeared that on the 19th day of Oc-
tober, 1870, on the same day when he claims to have
been elected to this House, the contestant was
chosen a member of the house of representatives of
the State of South Carolina for the period of two
years, and on the 1st day of November, 1872, took
the oath of office, and took his seat as a member of
said house."
Mr. HOAR. I have already stated the fact
about that in my remarks.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Now,
the question 1 wish to ask is, whether my col-
league understands that there is anything in
the Constitution of the United States which
prevents a man holding a seat in the Legis-
lature of his State and a seat in Congress?
Or is there anything in the constitution of
South Carolina which prevents a man holding
two seats? I read in the report a provision
of the constitution of South Carolina, that no
man holding any office of profit or trust under
the United States is eligible to a seat in the
Legislature of South Carolina.
Mr. HOAR. That question, and many
others which have been adverted to in the
debate, occurred to the committee. But when
the case was rested on that mere question, as
I stated to the House, the committee over-
ruled the application for the time being, to
dismiss Bowen's claim, and preferred to hear
the whole case. When, however, there was
added to that fact the further fact that Bowen
had accepted the duties of an executive office
which required him to keep the peace within
his jurisdiction, an office which is to continue
for four years from the time of its acceptance,
we held, as wo have stated in the report, that
that office and the office of a member of this
House are in their nature incompatible.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Under
what constitutional enactment of the United
States, or law of the United States, or under
what constitutional enactment which we have
anything to do with ? That is what I desire to
know. Is not that a matter for South Carolina
to settle?
Mr. HOAR. I understand that we have a
good deal to do with a prohibition in a State
constitution which a member is sworn to sup-
port which disqualifies him to hold office. I
understand it is a formal act of abandonment
of a seat here to undertake such an office.
Suppose we should find a contestant here, a
member of this House, who had started on a
three years' voyage around the world, and
knew he would not get back m time to dis-
charge his duties here, would you allow a con-
test to proceed under such circumstances?
Mr. ELDREDGE. I should certainly sup-
pose that that would not disqualify a man.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. My idea
would be that we had no right to say that a
man in those circumstances had not a title
to his scat ; but we would have a right to
expel him for misconduct by a two-thirds vote.
That, however, docs not affect his right to a
seat. That, iu fact, is giving up his seat.
I want here to call the attention of my friend
[Mr. Hoar] to a provision in our constitution,
the constitution of Massachusetts. We have
there provided that holding the office of a
member of Congress shall be incompatible
with holding any State office.
Mr. HOAR. I beg my colleague to observe
that the committee have refrained from put-
ting this case on either of those grounds, on
