1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
'180?
of these children afterward made tome remarks
which were thought dangerous, and they were pri-
vately taken out and—buried! After the admin-
istration m Utah had changed haiuie, they were
gathered up by the Government and sent to St.
j^ouirf. 1 he troops at the Meadows having stripped
the bodies of the dead, gathered the stock, and Lea
took possession of the wagons and their contents,
and also the stock."
Mr. President, the question may be asked
upon what authority are these statements
made? Upon the sworn statements of Bishop
Philip. Klingon Smith, one of the dignitaries
of that church, who at the time of this horri-
ble massacre was a bishop in that church, and
who swears that^he makes the affidavit over
in the State of Nevada because he would be
assassinated if he made it in the Territory of
Utah. It is also sustained by various other
affidavits.
Now, Mr. President, another item of his-
tory in connection with this. Some ten years
ago ill the House of Representatives, while
chairman of the Committee on Indian Affairs, i
X had occasion to investigate this matter, I
during which investigation numerous affidavits
were placed in my hands proving substantially
the facts which I have narrated before the
Senate to-night. While 1 was thus consider-
ing it, the Committee on Appropriations of the
House of Representatives reported to the
House a bill appropriating $40,000 to reim-
burse Brigham Young for goods distributed
for the Indiana by. this same John D. Lee,
Indian agent, while Brigham Young as Gov-
ernor of Utah was ex-oftieio superintendent
of Indian affairs. When I saw that provision
reported, I at once presented to the House of
Representatives the affidavits proving sub-
stantially the very facts which I have narrated
here to-night. I urged upon the House that
the appropriation of $40,000 was to pay Brig-
ham Young for murdering these American
citizens at Mountain Meadows.
But, sir, such was the power of the Mormon
church in Congress even then, that notwith-
standing the fact that this was proven by the
affidavits of parties whose credibility was
■not questioned, the House of Representatives
passed the act appropriating $40,000 to Brig-
ham Young to pay him for goods delivered to
John I). Lee, the commander of this regi-
ment, and actually to compensate him and
others for these fearful crimes. The Senate
followed suit, and Brigham Young received
his appropriation of $40,000.
I reter to this item of history for the pur-
pose not only of illustrating the character of this
organization at home, but also for the purpose
of showing the Senate an illustration of its influ-
ence here in this body. And, sir, to-day when
I listened to the honorable occupant of the
chair [Mr. Nte] and saw the rose-colored
^eil which he spread so gracefully over that
(■[jih'eroiis sore on the body-politic, and
when 1 heard the other Senators to-night who
have been so fearful of doing some real or
fanciod injury to these Rocky Mountain Saints,
I felt that something of the power which forced
throuali Congress ten years ago $40,000 to
piy Brigliam Young and his assassins for their
hideous crimes was still alive. We have had
various illustrations of this fact. I will refer
to one dow tor a moment, very inferior in its
character, but which is simply in execution of
th-- same plan of action by which they have
thus far been so successful.
ft can be demonstrated, and I think has been
in this discussion, tiiat the laws of Utah ad-
inuu!-;ered by the Mormon hierarchy are such
that no Gentile can get a safe foothold in
tii;t* country. It is not merely a church, but
ii i.s a civil government controlled and guided
eniiri-ly by ooe man, and that man determined
ih'Unoiiody who will not bow down before this
M'd.-eh and worship it shall reside within that
it -iiti iy 1 o that end it has assumed—and I
use tin- language of a memorial sent 1 presume
t  all iht; members of this body, signed by some
thirty 01 more of the lawyers of that Territory—
"It has assumed to grant and parcel out to &
few favorites, the timber in the mountains and
eagons, and also the usufruct and eontrol of
streams of running water in the Territory, ren-
dering the body of the people dependent there-
fore on them."
If you will read as I have done the statute
book of Utah, you will find that almost
all the water-courses—and, sir, land is worth-
less in Utah without water—have been either
by general or special acts of the Territory of
Utah placed in the hands of the high digni-
taries of the church. They have so organized
the courts that it is utterly impossible for any
one who is not either a member of that organ'
ization,_ or supposed to be friendly to it, to ac-
quire title to these valuable portions of the
Territory. Their statutes are full of special
enactments granting the water, granting the
timber, granting special privileges to munici-
palities and locatities, whereby the inferior
courts of Utah, the justices of the peace, and
the probate courts, which are merely the tools
and instruments of Brigham Young, have ex-
clusive jurisdiction; and what chance has a
Gentile to assert his rights ip those courts?
Mr. PRATT. I should like to ask the Sena-
tor from Minnesota how it is that the territo-
rial courts of Utah override the land system
of the United States. How is it possible for
the powers of that Territory to prevent any
man who wishes to do so to enter any of the
public lands surveyed in that Territory ?
Mr. WINDOM. It would not be possible
for them to do so if the Gentile population
could get a foothold there; but so long as it is
ruled and controlled entirely by Mormons they
decree that the decisions of the probate courts
shall be final, and there is nobody there to
enforce any other law. So long as that con-
dition of things continues, no matter whether
those courts have the constitutional power or
not, it is the power that is enforced in the
Territory. And I understand that it is to
remedy evils of precisely this kind that this
bill is brought here. It is true they have no
right to exclude other people : it is true they
have no right to legislate as they have done in
numberless instances ; but who ever heard of
Congress disapproving of the iniquitious laws
of the Territory of Utah? For precisely the
same reason that $40,000 was passed as I
have stated, and that every effort thus far to
pass laws that would carry into effect the
wishes of the people of this country have
been thwarted ; every effort to disapprove of
those, laws has been defeated.
I will refer my friend from Indiana to a
little illustration of what I mean, and my au-
thority is this memorial of some twenty of the
lawyers of the Territory :
"AViout four fifths of the legislation of the Terri-
tory during its existence of twenty-one years is made
up of charters to local municipalities and grants of
special privileges to individual as will be seen by
reference to tlie volume containing tliefeneral laws,
from which we have quoted.
"We refer to the following: Parowan City, twenty-
five square miles; MilJard City, thirty-six square
miles; Tooelo City, nine square iniies; St. George
City, twenty-seven square miles; Beaver City, thirty-
six square miles; Fillmore City, thirty-six square
miles."
And so on, parceling out the Territory to
these municipalities, and then organizing them
under laws enacted by the Territory of Utah,
clothing the justices of the peace and the
municipal authorities with such powers as
they choose to confer upon them, Congress not
disapproving of these laws, nor providing any
efficient protection against Mormon usurpa-
tions. These people, by reason of that failure
of Congress, have been enabled to enforce
the unjust and iniquitous laws decreed by
tho hierarchy.
Mr. PRATT. But does the surveyor gen-
eral pay any respect whatever to these grants
in extending the surveys over all the public
lauds of the United States?
Mr. WINDOM. I presume not; bat what
I am now saying is that for all practical pur-
poses it is a fact that the territorial laws to
which I have referred are absolutely the law
of that Territory to-day, and will .continue to
be'80-until-we do- something to correct th$
existing condition of things. • ••••"'.
Mr. PRATT.' What, then, should prevent
any Gentile from preempting any quartet- sec-
tion of land after the public surveys have Beea
extended over the lands of the United States
in that Territory, notwithstanding the grants
whieh have been made under authority of the
territorial Legislature? ; ■ 1 -
Mr. WINDOM. I will state to my friend r
Mr. CRAGIN. Will the Senator from
Minnesota allow me a moment?
Mr. WINDOM. Certainly.
Mr. CRAGIN. As I understand it, there
wer-e no land offices in the Territory of Utah
for many years, not till within a very few
years, and even the marks of the surveys, the
stakes that were originally put up by the sur-
veyors, were destroyed.
Mr. LOGAN. There is another reason that
I will state,- if the Senator will allow me, and
give an illustration of it, in the Case of Dr;
Robertson, who undertook to settle there with-
in a few-miles of Salt Lake. He was mur1
dered.
Mr. WINDOM There is another reason,
the one I gave, illustrated by the fate of one
hundred and thirty American citizens who
undertook to cross that Territory. Bnt, tested
by the rules of Mormon logic, there is another
food reason. It will be found in statutes of
Ttah, and reads as follows.
' Section 1. Be it entcted by the Governor and
Legislative Assembly of the Territory of Utah, That
the probate judge in each county is empowered and
required to take possession of all .property left by
any deceased or abscondent person, when there is
no legal claimant known or sufficiently near to see
to it in season; and shall forthwith appraise and
make two lists of said property, and keep one on
file and furnish one to the treasurer of the perpetual
emigrating fund,
" Sec. 2. It is hereby made the duty of every per-
son having such property in his possession, or know-
ing it to be in the possession of any other person, to
report the property forthwith, and the name of the
person in possession thereof, to the probate judge"—
A creature of the Mormon Church—
" of the county where said possessor is at the time;
and said judge shall take possession of such property
as soon as practicable, and proceed therewith as
required above.
"Sec. 3. At the earliest practicable date the pro-
bate judge shall place said property, or the avails
thereof, in the possession of said fund, the valae
thereof to remain there until proven away hya legal
claimant, when -aid judge shall give an order there-
for on the treasurer of the fund."
" Any absconding or deceased person." It
is a tenet of the Mormon Church that any
person who is a dissenter, an apostate from
the church, can only have his soul saved by
taking his life. The true way to wok the sal-
vation of a Gentile soul or of an apostate from
the church is to commission an avenging angel
to destroy him, and that sends hts soul to
heaven. In 'he mean time the property that
he occupied is property of a." deceased per-
son," and it is taken in charge by the probate
court and turned over to the "emigrant fund."
My friend from Indiana will see that this
works beautifully in both ways ; in the first
place, it sends the soul of an apostate or Gen-
tile to heaven ; and secondly, puts a t; fund "
ill-the treasury to bring more Mormons into
Utah.
Mr. CARPENTER. Would not the true
way to correct that be for Congress to provide
that a man plight be saved without it?
[Laughter.]
Mr. WINDOM. I doubt very much whether
your Mormon authorities would agree to that.
Again, I do not know whether it was the Sen-
ator or somebody else who said we had not
the right to interfere with the religious views of
the church. We havo had other illustrations
of the power of that orgauization here in this
very direction of which I am now speaking.
The- whole effort of that hierarchy is to prevent
outsiders, the heathen world, the Gentile world,
as they call them, from coming in and getting
a foothold that will give them pow«r in that
