1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1809
the details of a bill to regulate criminal trials,
and the crimes, the bloodshed, the. enormities
that have been committed in that Territory
have no place in this discussion ; and I wish
to put in my protest against the implications
that I am a Mormon, or that I am in favor of
murder, or that I am glad these men murdered
one hundred and thirteen men, women, and
children, or that they committed any other of
the crimes laid to their charge by the Senator
from Minnesota [Mr. Windom.]
Mr. NYE. I simply want a moment's time,
and I should not ask it if I had not been
arraigned myself. My friend from Minnesota
[Mr. Windom] can give what lawyers call a
cognovit for himself, but he must not put in
one for me. I said to-day that Mormonism
had its virtues as well as its vice. I repeat it.
I said that my soul was sick and my ear was
pained with every day' s reports of these charges.
I repeat that. It is to put a stop to these out-
rages that I have joined heartily with other
Senators on this floor to devise means to do it.
It is that the Senator from Minnesota shall
read no more of such acts of blood as he has
read of here to-night. It makes my blood
curdle to hear of them. Familiar for twelve
long years with the story of the mountain
massacres, having been upon the ground, it
does not lessen my abhorrence of the deed and
does not to-day. That is past; and we have
many admonitions that we must forget the
past, and I have been accused of stubbornness
and willfulness because I would not forgive
others as guilty as they.
But, Mr. President, when the gentleman
thinks that Mormonism has spread over
Nevada, he is mistaken. A counter influence
is found there, and it has operated upon the
institution itself with remarkable power. He
thought that that same influence which sent
men here to see to railroad bills had affected
the Senators from the State of Nevada. What
means the Senator from Minnesota when he
asserts that thing ?
Mr. WINDOM. As the Senator asks me a
question. I will state what I did say.
Mr. NYE. I have the floor now.
Mr. WINDOM. You do not want me to
answer, then?
Mr. NYE. I will let you have ample time
to answer. I want to know by what authority
one Senator arraigns another here and says
that he has dabbled in the dirty waters of
Mormonism'? I have spent more hours in
investigating this Mormon question than the
honorable Senator from Minnesota; I have
done it in committee here for seven years.
There has never been a session of Congress but
it has been before us, and I have given it the
maturest deliberation of which I am capable.
I have held, as I do now hold, Mormonism as
an institution at arms' length ; but we have it
upon us : the offensive cancer is upon us, and
if it takes eundurango to cure it I am tor curing
it. [Laughter.] I am for going to the disease
itself. Now, how is the way a sensible man
would correct it ? To stand up and review the
errors of the past? By no means: butgrapple
with the evil as it is uow. I am not to be
accused of having the rainbow or sunshine of
Mormonism over me by the honorable Sen-
ator from Minnesota. In my heart I abhor it
as much as he does: and I have read the
accounts of those transactions which he related
to us, with curdling blood. But. Mr. Presi-
dent, the question is here as to the remedy.
The way to stop murder is to establish law,
Ik w v to cure evil is to apply the necessary
remedy* Now. the honorable Senator from
Mimif-sosa and myself have not disagreed
about thi1-; then why fling M ormouism at me?
Mr. WINDOM. Will you vote for this
bill?
Mr. NYK. If 1 cannot do better, I will.
I want to make it as good a bill as possible.
I ara for making an honest eifort to cure this
disease. 1 wtii join with all men in that. I
uui nut, however, for rising to the majesty of
vengeance as a matter of sound policy. I
stated to-day that these people bad been pur-
sued and punished until their persecutions had
solidified them. Everything that they ean
torture into persecution will continue still
further to solidify them. It is au old disease
that shows symptoms of getting better. Around
the edges of this blotch is seen sound flesh
already growing. Around the whole of it is
a margin of publia intelligence which is more
potent than law. To aid in its core, to give
the surrounding element of civilization an
impetus to aid in that cure, I am willing to
pass any law; bat if it is necessary to try
criminals in the Territory of Utah, I say do
it as you try them in other places.
I would like to see this bill perfected, be-
cause it leaves them, from the peculiarity of the
case, in a very delicate situation. The pas-
sions of the Gentiles are no more mollified than
are the passions of the Mormons. It is upon
these mingling and troubled waters that I
would pour the oil of cure. It is in this
troubled condition of things that I look around
for means to do the best we can to put a stop
to bloodshed and confusion there. Sir, there
is an awful majesty in the law. It stalks forth
through communities and through the country
with gigantic tread. I would be careful while
I would be quick. To create quiet I would be
quick and yet I would be prudent. The preju-
dices, religious or otherwise, of twenty years
do not pass away in a day. But to aid and
quicken the time that Utah shall assume the
stand where she ought to stand when she
quits her polygamy and quits her old foolish
laws that she has made, she will spring up like
the gourd in the night.
Mr. President, those laws were among the
first obstacles I met with when discharging the
office of Governor of Nevada. The grants
referred to pervaded the Territory that is now
my own State, but they disappeared like the
morning dew before the majesty of the sun : and
as the surveys of the Government advanced,
their semblance of possession disappeared.
Those grants have never been in the way there.
So in Utah itself. They were communities by
themselves and were a law unto themselves, and
the Government oughtto blush for it. In their
loneliness, in their solitude, surrounded by
their mountains, they had to have some internal
arrangement by which they could get posses-
sion of land ; but I repeat before the majesty
of the law of the United States they will dis-
appear like the morning dew before the sun.
Mr. President, I am no Mormon and have
not got any Mormon propensities. I want to
relieve my friend from Minnesota from the
harrowing effects of the idea that I have been
somewhat Mormonized. I am as safe as he
is. If he lived in Utah to-day he would be
under no apprehension of getting two wives
unless he wanted them. [Laughter.] If he
did he could. I have no doubt. [Laughter.]
Mr. President, all I want my friend to ac-
knowledge is that the spell of Mormouism is
not over Nevada or its Senators.
Mr. WINDOM. I think the Senator from
Nevada misunderstood me altogether. I
! simply said that I feared some off-shoots of
i the Mormon Church had found their way into
I Nevada. I wish to apologize, Mr. President,
I to my honorable friend from Nevada. The
I tact was that I was engaged in my duties on
the Committee on Appropriations nearly all
I afternoon and came in within about teu miuutes
I of the close of my friend's speech. I did not
I hear the first half of his speech: I did hear
; the last ten or fifteen minutes; aud I can con-
! gratulate myself with this at least, while apol-
j ogizing to him. that if I have not laid the
j knife to this cancer, I have at least held up
| two pictures to the Senate, the other speech
I and this, '' Look here on this picture, and on
I this." I think I may have accomplished
j something at least in arousing my friend to
j denounce this thing this time as it really
j ought to be denounced.
Mr. NYE. I did not suppose it was necessary
for me to tell of Mormon outrages more than
it would have been to have read the Old Testa-
ment here. It is no use for me to stand here
and tell what rascals the Jews were or what
fools the Ephesians were, and I did not suppose
it was necessary now to do anything of the
same kind in regard to the Mormons.
Mr. WINDOM. I ought perhaps to excuse
myself by stating further that when I came
into the Senate from the eommittee-room the
Senator wag just ringing the church-bells. I
heard the commingling sound of the Protestant
and Mormon church-bells.
Mr. NYE. My friend is mistaken, for the
Mormons have no bell. [Laughter.]
Mr. WINDOM. I think the Senator rang
the Mormon bell this afternoon, whether they
have one or not. Following that, his argument
was that the Mormons were improving, that
they were vastly better than they used to be,
and then he said to the Senate, if I recollect
his argument, that the true solution of the
thing was rapidly being brought about, that
the young men were springing up in Utah and
would put away polygamy; and in the inno-
cence of my heart I really supposed my friend
was simply searing over the cancer of which
he now speaks, and that he did not consider it
very much of a sore after all, and acting on
that impression, I attempted to exhibit to the
Senate something of the character of this
cancer, without intending to say that my friend
had the slightest tendency to polygamy. No-
body who knows my friend believes any such
thing.
Mr. STEWART. Not believing that it is
possible at this time to perfect the proposition
I offered providing for an intermediate appel-
late court, I shall withdraw that amendment.
But I think I have accomplished one purpose:
I have called attention to the facts, and when
the workings of this bill shall have been seen
for a year or two, I call the Senate now to
witness, or I will on that occasion, if I am
here, call their attention to the fact that they
needed something of this kind. In withdraw-
ing the amendment, I will, however, make a
suggestion 
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Bore-
max is the chair.) The amendment of the
Senator from Nevada [Mr. Stewart] is not
before the Senate. The question is on the
amendment of the Senator from New Jersey
to the amendrr ent of the Senator from Ohio.
Mr. STEWART. Very well. I will, how-
ever, before the bill passes away, propose to
raise the salary of the judges, with a view of
getting, with the present machinery, a proper
class of men, or paying more to those who
aie there that are competent; so that we can
place them in circumstances where they can
live while they are executing the very labo-
rious duties that will be imposed by this bill.
But while my friend from Minnesota is here
I wish to allude to this railroad matter. I do
not believe in robbing Mormons because they
are Mormons. I do not like the Mormons
myself: I do not like the Mormon jurisdic-
tion: I am opposed to Mormonism; I have
heard all these stories before. I am as much
opposed to Mormonism as anybody; but I do
not believe in robbing them because they are
Mormons. Now let me show how unjust it is
to make an accusation against tbom on any
railroad question. They have built more rail-
roads themselves than all the Territories west
of the Rocky mountains put together. They
have built a railroad from Ogden to Salt Lake,
thirty-eight miles. They have built from Salt
Lake down the valley, and are building, I do
not know the exact number of miles, but I am
told, putting it with the Salt Lake branch,
some thirty or forty miles more, it is seventy
or eighty miles. They have commenced build-
ing a road and they are building a-road, with
the aid of some New England men, north from
Ogden. Congress has refused to grant them
the right of way over the public lands to build
42t> 0>Nt;. oil bKss.
No 114.
