1810
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
' February 26,
their roads. Minnesota and your western
country here had railroad land grants to any
extent. Minnesota has had her seven million
acres of grants for railroads and other pur-
poses, while Utah has not had an acre of land
granted. They have built the railroads with
their own money and what money they could
get from others, and Congress has refused to
grant them even the right of way.
It seems to me that the people who are
developing that country, whether they be Mor-
mons, or whether they be Gentiles, or whether
they be Jews, whether they be native born or
foreigners, if they want to go into the interior
of the country and build railroads for the gen-
eral development of the country with their own
money, might well be allowed to do so, and
nobody need complain. I want all others to
have an equal opportunity with them. I am
in favor of giving others an equal chance, and
giving them a chance to build railroads, and
giving them the right of way over the public
lands.
It does seem to me that the railroad ques-
tion cannot have much to do with this bill. I
do not apprehend that the Committee on the
Judiciary thought they were dealing with the
railroad question wheu they were preparing
this bill. I like the main features of this bill.
I think the Judiciary Committee have done
well in getting up a bill which will answer the
general purpose. What I do complain of is
that you have a bill without officers with suffi-
cient pay to execute_ it, and for that reason I
fear it will fail. I think there is no doubt that
it will fail of the results you anticipate for
want of well paid officers to execute it; and
you will all see it in time. If you will go
there and stay one month and consider the
expenses you will necessarily incur, you will
see that $3,000 a year is inadequate, ahd the
judges must be engaged in other business to
support themselves.
I have called attention to that point. My
purpose is served in calling attention to it.
Others have an equal responsibility in that re-
spect with me. I do not think we should
legislate to take property from the Mormons
and give it to anybody else. I do not want a
bill that can be used to rob anybody. Every
American citizen and every person within the
jurisdiction of the United States is eutitled to
the adequate protection of the laws. We
should have a law that shall be equal to all,
so far as we can. That is the object, and the
only object anybody has in view, and I am as
much for punishing crime as any other Sena-
tor ; but I want to see it done so that when it
is done there will not be a crying shame that
it is cruelly or wickedly or unjustly done,
that it is done for mercenary motives, that it
is done to rob the Mormons of their property,
because if you deal unjustly with them in re-
gard to their railroad questions, or in regard
to their land questions, or with regard to any
question, they will say with more or less jus-
tice to you that their acts are but acts of retali-
ation. I do not believe in treating them as
outlaws, but bring them under the operation
of our laws, give them competent courts, and
make them obey the laws.
I his Government can, without any stretch
of power, enforce the laws against polygamy.
It can stop polygamy ; it can stop murder in
Utah, if that is the purpose and no other.
But if it is the purpose to treat them differ-
ently from what you do other people, to give
them less rights to liberty and property than
other people, then you will create a public sen-
timent in their behalf that will enable them
to go on perhaps doing unjustly to others.
Recognize their civil rights; recognize their
rights of property ; recognize their rights to
build railroads in the deserts with their'own
money, and then enforce the laws and demand
obedience from them and treat them as you
do other people. Give them courts compe-
tent to adjudicate their cases; give them
judges as strong, as well paid as your judges
in other portions of the country, and you will
have no difficulty with Utah. It is only a
question of manly justice on the part of the
Government of the United States. Utah is
but a speck ; its voice is nothing ; its institu-
tions are in violation of the sentiment of the
age ; they cannot stand a moment in the face
of just and equal laws enforced by strong
hands.
This bill, if it passes without providing bet-
ter compensation for the judges, without
placing them in a position to administer it, I
fear will be a failure, and come far short of
the duties that are imposed upon this Con-
gress. The appeal to the Supreme Court of
the United States I fear would be an inade-
quate remedy on account of the amount of
business that would come up and the great
delay that would be caused. I wish some-
thing could be devised which would give an
appeal. Perhaps the ymight have a writ of
error to the circuit court of California and
Nevada, which would be speedy and inexpen-
sive. Perhaps that might do. I sympathize
with the motives and desires of the Senator
from Ohio in an effort to place justice to be
administered in Utah upon such a basis that
it shall meet the approbation of all honest
men, for when you punish criminals, aud
when you punish a body of criminals, which
includes so large a portion of the community
as those charged with crime in Utah, you
must see to it that you do it on such principles
and with such safeguards that the judgment of
mankind will say you have acted wisely, fairly,
and honestly, and that what you have done
has been for the cause of justice and for no
other purpose.
I do not believe that the details of murders,
that the particulars of atrocities that may have
happened in that Territory should be recited
here to excite or mislead the Senate. There
have been atrocities in all Territories and in
all new countries, but they should notinfluence
us in providing a remedy against them ; on
the contrary they should make us more care-
ful that we get such remedies as shall not lead
to further bloodshed ; shall not lead to
anarchy ; shall not lead to disorder. If the
case is a grave one, if the criminals are strong
and powerful, if the community believe in
them and believe them to be honest, so much
the more necessity that justice shall be so
meted out that the world can understand that
the Government of the United States has
meant nothing bat justice.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
New Jersey to the amendment of the Senator
from Ohio.
Mr. CASSERLY. I ask to have the amend-
ment read.
The Chief Clerk. It is proposed to amend
the bill on page 25, section eighteen, line
eleven, after the word "process," by insert-
ing:
And a writ of error from the Supreme Court of
the United States to the supreme court of the Ter-
ritory shall he in criminal oases where the accused
shall have been sentenced to capital punishment or
to impiisonment for six months or upward, or to
pay a fine of $1,000 or upward, such writ to be ap-
plied for by the person or persons convicted.
It is proposed to amend this amendment by
striking out all after the word "punishment"
down to the word '' such.''
Mr. THURMAN. It is proposed to strike
out these words, " or to imprisonment for six
months or upward, or to pay a fine of $1,000
or upward."
Before that motion is put, I will modify my
amendment by striking out " six months " and
inserting " two years." and by striking out
"one thousand" and inserting "two thou-
sand so that it will read :
Where the accused shall have been sentenced to
capital punishment or to imprisonment for two
years or upward, or to pay aflne of $2,000 orupward.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment will be so modified, and the question is
on the amendment of the Senator from New
Jersey to the amendment.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not know how that
applies to the modification. The Senator from
Ohio has modified the amendment.
Mr. THURMAN. I have modified it.
Whether the Senator moves now to strike out
or not, I do not know.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I do.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am sorry for one that
the Senator from New Jersey has made this
motion, not that I am not in favor of it, but I
think we ought to have voted against the
whole amendment in order to dispose of that.
If the Senator from Ohio should move, out of
his tender solicitude for the purposes of justice
in that Territory, to allow a writ of error in
capital cases merely, I should not have felt
disposed to object to it, on account of the sup-
posed peculiarity and prejudices in this par-
ticular case, but it is taking a very wide step
that has very little to do with this bill.
We seem to have forgotten in this debate
that in the case of crimes or imputed crimes
there is anybody to be considered except the
person accused. We seem to have forgotten
the victim; we seem to have forgotten society;
we seem to have forgotten those wide inter-
ests of public security which are found in
speedy justice, which must terminate some-
where and in some time. Therefore, if you
are to provide in criminal cases in general in
this Territory or in any other that there shall
be an appeal to the Supreme Court of the
United States before the sentence of the law
shall be executed, then you say in effect that
there shall be no punishment at all, because
the time between the commission of the offense
and the trial and the verdict of the jury and
that final sentence of the law which is to carry
it into effect, is so great that all the theories
upon which penal laws are framed, excepting
one of the many, are entirely dissipated aud
have gone to naught.
There is the difficulty, Mr. President; there
must be an end in the determination of crimi-
nal as well as civil questions somewhere and
at some time. Appeals are allowed under the
laws of the United States now in civil cases
where they are not in criminal cases, for this
obvious reason: that in civil cases complicated
questions of property arise and difficulties
which do not exist in criminal cases. Criminal
statutes, as a rule, are directed against plain
offenses, where the offense itself, without the
statute, shocks the moral sense of the com-
munity, and where every man, criminal and
victim, and the whole body of the community
who surround them, know perfectly well that
a crime has been committed. There is no such
doubt in the application of criminal law as
there is of the civil law. It depends upon the
simplest principles of the moral consciousness
of human nature; and therefo.e there is not
the reason for allowing long reviews and ulti-
mate appeals in criminal cases that there is in
civil cases; because in ninety-nine cases in a
hundred the only question that is to be determ-
ined is one which no court of appeal can de-
termine on a writ of error or otherwise, and
that is that determination of the fact that a jury
alone are competent to find, and which finding
when once recorded stands as the judgment
of the court, and which no court can review.
It is true it may be said that there may be a
wrong verdict. Sir, there may be a wrong
everything; but if you appeal to a jury on the
principles of the common law to determine
whether a given person accused of crime be
guilty or innocent, you must stand by the ver-
dict as well when it says guilty as when it says
not guilty. You cannot play the game, and
keep up society safe and pure, of "heads I
win and tails you lose,'_' as the common say-
ing is. You cannot pitch the copper upon
such a question and have it come up in favor
of the accused every time.
It may be, it is true, that some innocent
man will perish. It is so everywhere, because
