1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
851
Flltu DEPARTMENT DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA.
Mr._ STARKWEATHER, from t -e same
committee, reported back a bill (H. R. No.
2333) to aid in maintaining the fire depart-
ment in the District of Columbia, .with the
recommendation that the amendment of the
Senate be concurred in.
I'lie bill, which was read, provides that one
third of the expense incurred in maintaining
a fire department in the District of Columbia
by the government of the District shall here-
after be paid by the United States, and the
Secretary of the Treasury is directed to pay
into the treasury of the District of Columbia,
out of any moneys in the United States Treas-
ury hereafter to be appropriated, one third of
the entire cost of maintaining the fire depart-
ment ; provided the amount paid by the Uni-
ted States In any one year shall not exceed
$25,000.
The Clerk read the amendment of the Sen-
ate, as follows:
After the word " pay" in line five of the bill insert
the word " annually;" so it will read "that one third
of the expense incurred in maintaining afire depart-
ment in the District of Columbia by the govern-
ment of said District shall hereafter be paid by the
United States, and the Secretary of the Treasury is
hereby directed to pay annually," &c.
The amendment was concurred in.
^ Mr. STARKWEATHER moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the Senate amend-
ment was concurred in ; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Stmp-
son, one of its clerks, announced that in the
absence of the Vice President the Senate had
chosen Hon. Henry B. Anthony, a Senator
from the State of Rhode Island, President of
the Senate pro tempore.
The message further anounced that the Sen-
ate had passed abill (S. No. 1079) to authorize
the construction of a bridge across the Mis-
souri river at or near the city of Lexington, in
t'he State of Missouri, and to establish the same
as a post route ; in which he wa8 directed to
ask the concurrence of the House.
The message further announced that the
Senate had passed a bill (H. R. No. 2516)
granting a pension to Ivory P. Snow, with
an amendment; in which he was directed to
. ask the concurrence of the House.
The message further announced that the
Senate had passed without amendment bills
of the House of the following titles:
A bill (H. R. No. 2852) tor the relief of
James A. McCullough, late collector of the
fifth district of Missouri;
A bill (H. R. No. 861) directing the pay-
ment to Robert McKee of pay, allowances,
and bounty now withheld from him;
A bill (H. R. No. 1275) for the relief of
William Vails, late a private of company A,
third regiment of Indiana volunteer cavalry ;
A bill (H. R. No. 2227) to regulate the em-
ployment of engineer soldiers on extra duty ;
A bill {H. R. No. 2450) granting a pension
to Lucretia B. Galloway ;
A bill (H. R. No. 2464) granting a pension
to Evan Johnson ;
A bill (H. R. No. 2476) for the relief of
Anne Penny;
A bill (H. R. No. 2495) granting a pension
to John Nolan;
A bill (H. R. No. 2515) granting a pension
to Catherine Ross;
A bill (H. R. No. 2537) granting a pension
to Charles Lynch;
A bill (H. R. No. 2702) for the relief of
Galen E. Green ; and
A bill (H. R. No. 2905) for the relief of
John McMath.
MESSAGE FRO51 THE PRESIDENT.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. O. E. Babcock, his Private
Secretary, informed the House that the Presi-
dent had approved and signed bills and joint
resolution of the following titles:
An act (H. R. No. 1812) authorizing the
FirstNational Bank of Newnan to change its
location and name;
An act (H. R. No. 1841) authorizing the
removal of restrictions upon the alienation of
certain Miami Indian lands in the State of
Kansas;
An act (H. R. No. 2884) for the settlement
and payment of the claim of Elizabeth S.
Brewer, executrix of John Brewer;
An act (H R. No. 3364) regulating the com-
pensation of the members and officers of the
Legislative Assemblies of the several Terri tories
of the United States, and limiting the duration
of the sessions of said Assemblies;
An act (H. R. No. 1952) to amend an act
entitled "An act to incorporate a national
military and naval asylum for the relief of the
totally disabled officers and men of the volun-
teer forces of the United States," approved
March 21, 1866, and for other purposes ;
An act (H. It. No. 2255) for the relief of
W. H. Kirk;
An act (H. R. No. 8350) establishing post
routes in the State of Maine;
An act (H. R. No. 3497) authorizing the
Secretary of War to contract for the construc-
tion of a light-draught snag-boat to ply on the
Mississippi, Missouri, and Arkansas rivers ;
An act (H. R. No. 2888) for the relief of
Margaret Fillebrown ;
An act (H. R. No. 2878) to pay the county
of Ontario, in the State of New York, the
sum of $18,000;
An act (H. R. No. 171) to provide for the
sale of a part of the light-house reservation at
Port Gratiot, Port Huron, in the State of
Michigan ;
An act (H. R. No. 3362) transferring the
control of certain territorial penitentiaries to
the several Territories in which the same are
located;
An act (H. R. No. 2871) to abolish the
grades of Admiral and Vice Admiral in the
Navy of the United States ; •
An act (H. R. No. 2943) to provide for the
erection of a public building at Nashville,
Tennessee; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 184) tendering
the thnnks of Congress to Captain David
Ritch.e, commanding the revenue steamer
Moccasin, and the officers and men under his
command.
colored schools op the district.
Mr. CHIPMAN, from the Committee for the
District of Columbia, reported a bill (H. R.
No. 3625) to amend an act entitled "An act
governing the colored schools of the District
of Columbia;" which was read a first and
second time.
The question was on ordering the bill to be
engrossed and read the third time.
The bill was read. It provides that the
board of trustees of the schools for colored
children in the cities of Washington and
Georgetown, District of Columbia, shall con-
sist ot nine trustees, seven of whom shall be
citizens of Washington and two shall be cit-
izens of Georgetown,' who shall be appointed
by the Secretary of the Interior.
The second section provides that the trustees
appointed under the provisions of this act shall
be appointed in the manner following : of the
seven to be appointed from the city of Wash-
ington, two shall be appointed for the term of
three years, three for the term of two years,
and two for the term of one year from the date
of their appointments respectively; and of the
two to be appointed from the city of George-
town, one shall be appointed for the term ot
three years and one for the term of one year
from the date of their appointments respect-
ively; and in case of vacancies occasioned by
death, resignation, or any other cause, the
Secretary of the Interior shall fill the same for
the unexpired term of any such trustee. And
the board of trustees shall be required to fur-
nish annually, on or before the 1st of April, a
correct report of their transaction to the Gov-
ernor of the District, who shall transmit one
copy each to the council and house of dele-
gates of the Legislative Assembly of the Dis-
trict, with such suggestions as he may think
proper relating to schools; and any additional
information that the Legislative Assembly, or
either branch thereof, shall, from time to time,
request by resolution, shall be transmitted by
the board of trustees to the Governor of the
District, to be by him transmitted to the Legis-
lative Assembly.
The third section provides that the Secre-
tary of the Interior shall appoint, annually,
a secretary and a treasurer of the board of
trustees, whose term of office shall be for one
year from the date of appointment. It shall
be the duty of the treasurer to disburse the
funds under the control of the board as he
may be directed by a vote of a majority there-
of, and to keep accurate and full accounts of
all moneys received by the board, and present
proper vouchers for all expenditures, and pre-
pare annually a full and correct statement of
the financial transactions of the board ; a copy
of which statement, after being approved by
the board, shall be transmitted to the Gov-
ernor, whose duty it shall be to forward
copies thereof to the council and house of
delegates of the District of Columbia, if re-
quested by resolution. As compensation for
his services the treasurer shall receive $500
per annum, and he shall be required to give
bond in the sum of $20,000, with good and
sufficient securities, to be approved by the
Secretary of the Interior. It shall be the
duty of the secretary of the board to keep an
accurate account of all proceedings of the
board in a journal to be kept for that purpose,
and to perform such other duties as appertain
to his office or may be required of him by the
board, and shall also act as secretary to the
superintendent, and perform such clerical ser-
vice as may be required by said superin-
tendent, and for his services he shall receive
the sum of $1,200 per annum. It shall also
be the duty of the treasurer and the secretary
to attend all meetings of the board, but they
shall not be entitled to a vote.
The fourth section provides that the Secre-
tary of the Interior shall be empowered to
remove any member or members, secretary or
treasurer, of the board of trustees.
The fifth section provides that the Secretary
of the Interior shall appoint a superintendent
of schools for colored children, who shall re-
ceive the sum of $2,500 annually, and shall
hold his office during the pleasure of the Sec-
retary of the Interior; provided the terms of
office for the several persons hereby authorized
to be appoiuted shall begin on the first of
April, 1873, on which day the Secretary of the
Interior shall make the appointment.? herein
provided for; and provided also that said
board of trustees shall not create any addi-
tional offices, or change or fix the salaries of
the officers connected with said board.
Mr. ROOSEVELT. I have an amendment
which I desire to offer to that bill.
Mr. CHIPMAN. Before yielding to any
one I should like to state the purport ofthe bill.
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. Wheeler
in the chair.) Does the gentleman who has
charge of the bill yield to the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Roosevelt] for the purpose
of offering an amendment?
Mr. CHIPMAN. I decline to yield for that
purpose. The bill has been carefully exam-
ined by the committee. I am willing, how-
ever, to have the amendment read for inform-
ation.
Mr. ROOSEVELT, The object ofmy amend-
ment is to substitute the Governor of the Dis-
trict of Columbia wherever the Secretary of
tjie Interior is mentioned in the bill.
