1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1811
human institutions are imperfect, and yet I do
submit to the judgment of Senators that they
have imputed an unjust reproach to the juris-
prudence of the United States when they
have compared the right of appeal in civil
jurisprudence with the want of it in criminal
jurisprudence for the reason I have stated,
that criminal jurisprudence proceeds funda-
mentally upon the plain principles of a moral
law that exists in the mind of every man in
the community, and that criminal statutes are
plain, and that there can be no confusion as a
rule in the mind of any man or of any juror,
whether the accused party has committed a
crime or has not. It is true that sometimes
in an internal revenue case or in a customs
case, where there are double invoices or some-
thing of that kind—we have had things of that
sort stated lately in the papers—it is said to be
an amazing doubt whether the party has been
obeying the law or violating it; but when you
come to criminal codes proper for offenses that
are mala in se, as the lawyers express it, you
are not surrounded with the difficulties that
embarrass you in civil jurisprudence; and,
therefore, for the security of life and liberty
and of society, if we are not to forget it, you
are not embarrassed with the difficulties that
exist in the administration of the civil law and
in civil suits, and you only have the clear and
simple question which in nine hundred and
ninety-nine cases in a thousand is submitted
to the jury, and the finding of that jury does
real justice.
But, Mr. President, where are you to appeal
and where are you to end? Suppose there
were no Supreme Court of the United States ;
suppose onr system had not provided for that,
and suppose we had then organized in these
Territories a supreme court and district courts,
and had organized those courts precisely upon
the plan that courts in the States are organ-
ized, a court in banc sifclingas a courtof error,
a court of nisi prius jurisdiction sitting in the
counties to hear and try causes—now you give
an appeal in all'criminal causes from the nisi
prius court to the supreme court, and you have
that number of judges that in many of the
States compose the supreme judicial tribunal
of the State—where is the right and the justice
of any man to say, "I will go further," be-
cause it happens that for the purposes of the
States and of Federal jurisprudence in the
States, a tribunal has been established to hear
certain questions ? What right has the man to
demand that he shall go there? There must
be an end somewhere.
Now, then, if we can assume, and I have
no doubt my friend from Ohio would agree
if we could assume that the supreme court of
this Territory or any other was a court in
which public confidence could be well placed
as being composed of men learned in the law
and pure in character, there would be no re-
proach upon justice in saying that their judg-
ments should be final, that there we might
readily, for the interests of society and for life
and liberty, say there shall be an end of the
dispute; and the whole basis of this amend-
ment is that we are to presume that the Pres-
ident of the United States—he who now honors
the chair of State, and whose brave, pure
character is the admiration of all just men
will ask us to put in place men who are
not pure in their lives, aud men who are not
learned in the law, and that the seventy-four
men who represent the thirty-seven States,
who, by the Constitution, hold an advisory
check over him, are also unable to advise him
against any raisappoiutmeut he may have been
led to make: and therefore we are called to
legislate upon the assumption that three judges
appointed in (hat way by the supreme Magis-
trate of the nation, advised, too, by the rep-
resentatives of all the States, cannot be con-
fided in so far as to say that they may exer-
cise the same functions in the administration of
the plain criminal laws as are exercised by
the judges of the States themselves. That is
the proposition, and that is all of it. The
Senators therefore ought not to urge upon us
that it is a reproach to Federal jurisprudence
that appeals are not allowed in criminul cases.
I should be glad, Mr. President, if the seats
were not all empty, to go into some other parts
of this question ; but I have only desired now,
knowing the impatience of the Senate and
knowing the lateness of our time, to ask Sen-
ators to think a little before they vote for an
amendment of this character.
Mr. THURMAN. I am sincerely sorry to
occupy a moment more of the attention of the
Senate, but having ofiFered this amendment and
believing it ought to be adopted, and having
listened to all that has been said, I feel it a
duty I owe to myself to submit a very few ob-
servations in reply to some remarks that have
fallen from other Senators.
First, in reference to what has just been
said: I can imagine that if any of the safe-
guards that we and our fathers before us for
many centuries deemed not only necessary,
but to be the brightest page in the judicial his-
tory of the United States and of Great Britain,
were pressed upon the attention of the Sultan
of Turkey, or the Shah of Persia, or the
khedive of Egypt, he would answer in almost
exactly the terms employed by the Senator
from Vermont in the outset of the speech he
has just delivered. He would say: why the
criminal law is plain ; there ought to be speedy
trial and speedy punishment. Why have a
jury? Why not let the cadi convict, sen-
tence, and execute on the hour, on the min-
ute? Why not have speedy justice like that?
Why trammel it with a jury trial, with an in-
dictment, with lawyers to puzzle and bother
and confound the trial? Why not let the cadi
at onee try, sentence, and execute ? Sir, the
argument is simply the argument of despotism
the world over, the argument that despotism
always has employed.
Why, sir, how ignorant, how unwise were
our fathers. Our fathers adopted the Con-
stitution of the United States without a bill of
rights, and so dissatisfied were the people that
almost every State that had ratified the old
Constitution said there should be a bill of
right3, so much so that ten sections, all bills
of right, were proposed by the conventions
that ratified the Constitution and were adopted
within a year or two after the Constitution was
ratified by nine States, and among them we
find:
"No person shall be held to answer for a capital
or otherwise infamous crime, uuiess on a present-
ment or indictment of a grand jury, except in eases
arising in the land or naval forces, or in the militia,,
when in actual service in time of war or public dan-
ger; nor shall any person be subject for the same
offense to he twice put in jeopardy of life or limb;
nor shall be compelled in any criminal case to be a
■witness against himself, nor be deprived of life,
liberty, or property, without due process of law."
And again ;
"In all criminal prosecutions the accused shall
enjoy the right to a speedy and public trial, by an
impartial jury of the State and district wherein the
crime shall have been committed, which district
shall have been previously ascertained by law, and
to be informed of the nature andcauseof theaccusa-
tion; to be confronted with the witnesses against
him; to have compulsory process for obtaining wit-
nesses in his favor, and to have the assistance of
counsel for his defense."
Why,how unwiBe,howfoolish were our fathers
to put that in the Constitution if the argument
of the Senator from Vermont is correct!
But, Mr. President, let me go one step
further. The Senator says that the questions
that arise in a criminal trial are plain. Are
the legal questions plain ? Are not your
books of reports full of the most difficult ques-
tions arising in criminal cases, and full of
eases in which the court of last resort has
reversed the decisions of the inferior court?
Take one single question arising under this
very clause of the bill of rights that I have
read: "to be confronted with the witnesses
against him;" take the question that has
arisen, whether that clause allows the testi-
mony of a deceased witness to be given against
a person on a criminal trial, or whether it
allows a deposition. But take the case
whether that allows the testimony of a de-
ceased witness to be proved against a criminal
in his trial; see how that question has been
argued before the highest State courts; see
how much learning has been expended upon
it; see how difficult its solution has been ; see
the contradictory decisions that have been
made, and then ask yourself whether there is
no difficult question, that can arise in a crim-
inal trial. Why, sir, can there be no question
whether a law is constitutional or not which
arises in a criminal trial ?
But it is unnecessary before the lawyers who
are here to-night to argne such a proposition
as that. Why, sir, from the time that John
Hampden was indicted for resisting the pay-
ment of ship-money to this day the most-
difficult questions in jurisprudence that have
ever arisen have been questions arising in the
course of criminal trials. That will not do.
The Senator says that it is usually a ques-
tion of fact in a criminal case, and that is
determined by the jury. Certainly the verdict
of the jury settles the question of fact. The
writ -of error that I propose does not touch
that, it only goes to erroneous rulings of the
court, and to that alone.
But the Senator thinks it is no reproach to
our jurisprudence that no writ of error lies
from the Supreme Court of the United States
to the Federal inferior judiciaries in criminal
cases. I say it is a reproach, and I say fur-
ther, that this is the only civilized country on
the face of the globe iu which such a state of
things exists. I affirm that this is the only
civilized country on the globe in which a man
can lose his life by the judgment of an inferior
court and no appeal, no revision whatever be
had.
Why, sir, how is it in England ? There the
court of king's bench has the power to issue
writs of error in all criminal cases. There,
without having a writ of error at all, it is the
universal practice, and has been for centuries,
whenever any difficulty of law arises in a case,
for the judge to reserve that for the decision
of the court in bane, and the most important
points in criminal law have been decided again
and again by all the twelve judges of England,
when there were but twelve, and by the whole
fourteen, and now sixteen, and that is the
daily practice in England.
How is it in France? There a criminal
cause involving severe punishment, or a ques-
tion of the constitutionality of a law, or a
question of the legality of the conviction, can
be taken to that high and most magnificent
court, the court of cessation, examined first
by the criminal section of that court, eight
judges, and if a case is made in the opinion
of those eight judges for review, then submit-
ted to the judgment of the whole twenty-four.
I have spoken of the reserved crown cases
in England. Why, sir, a criminal case there
can go to the House of Lords, as O'Connell's
case did. Yes, sir, a criminal case in Eng-
land can go to the highest judicial tribunal
known to that country, the House of Lords.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Without limitation?
Mr. THURMAN. Oh, no, not without lim-
itation. But Daniel O'Connell was not sen-
tenced to death, and yet his case was decided
by the House of Lords. Sir, I say it is a_ re-
proach to the jurisprudence of the United
States that a district judge in Florida, or Maine,
or Ohio, or anywhere else, can take the life of
a man without his having the least opportunity
to have the errors of that judgment reviewed.
One word more, sir. The Senator from
Minnesota, [Mr. Wisdom,] in the very extra-
ordinary speech that he made here to-night—
I say very extraordinary, because it seemed
intended to inflame the passions of the Senate
when they were considering provisions for
