1812
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 26,
criminal jurisprudence, and to make the juris-
prudence depend upon the enormity of the
offenders rather than to depend upon those
safeguards which our Constitution requires to
be thrown around even the worst criminal—in
that extraordinary speech he seemed to think
it would be a very unwise thing, an unheard
of thing to put this provision in this bill, when
there is no similar provision in regard to the
United States in general. Sir, it is no fault
of mine that there is no such provision in the
general statutes of the land. There would
have been if I could have put it in long ago.
But, sir, it is right in this bill, for the reasons
so forcibly stated by my friend from Delaware,
and which I will not, repeat, and some which
I also endeavored to impress upon the Senate.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Did the Senator say just
now that the district courts of the United
States had jurisdiction to try capital offenses ?
Mr. THURMAN. I say, where they have
circuit court powers they have. The Senator
understands that of course. I said that a dis-
trict judge could do that where he had circuit
court powers.
Mr. EDMUNDS. In other words, the cir-
cuit courts have jurisdiction of capital offenses.
Mr. THURMAN. I have said that before
to-night to somebody who asked me the same
question. The Senator does not suppose me
quite so ignorant of the organizations of our
courts.
Mr. EDMUNDS. No, sir, ignorance is the
last misfortune of which I should accuse my
friend. If I should criticise him it would be
for something else than that.
Mr. THURMAN. I do not know what it
is—something worse I suppose. I shall have
to wait until the accusation is made, a,nd when
it is made I shall claim to have the benefit of
trial by jury, and have the assistance of coun-
sel, and all the other safeguards that are
thrown around me, and then an appeal from
the judge if I do not like his decision.
But, Mr. President, both Senators speak of
judges appointed by the President and con-
firmed by the Senate, and say that that is a
sufficient security that you will have an hon-
est administration of law there. As was well
said by the Senator from Wisconsin, and as we
all know, the most honest and upright judge
may commit error. But that is not the state
of the case exactly. Who are these judges ?
Suppose you raise their salary, as the Senator
from Nevada proposes, that will not help the
judiciary a bit. There are two of them in
office, and we do not hear of anybody propos-
ing to turn them out, and there is one vacancy
now, and the Senator from Vermont knows as
well as I do whether that vacancy is likely to
be filled as it ought to be filled.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It is not likely to be
filled wrongly just now.
Mr. THURMAN. I am glad to hear it.
It was in great danger, I apprehend, not long
ago. I know, sir, how that matter is. Here,
however, is the fact that is now history, that
that supreme court took a course in regard to
the laws in that Territory and the prosecutions
in that Territory which rendered it exceed-
ingly obnoxious to the people there, and that
required the correction of the Supreme Court
of the United States; and now it is into the
hands of those same men there in whom the
people, whether rightfully or wrongfully, have
not confidence, that you are to commit the
execution of this act.
Mr. President, I do not wish to take up
more time on this subject. I think the amend-
ment that I have offered ought to be adopted.
I submit it to the consideration of the Senate
and will not detain the Senate further.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Now let us have
a vote.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion recurs on the amendment of the Senator
from New Jersey to the amendment of the
Senator from Ohio.
The question being put, it was declared that
the noes appeared to have it.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I call for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Texas. On this ques-
tion I am paired with the Senator from Missis-
sippi, [Mr. Ames.] If he were here he would
vote in the affirmative, and I in the negative.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 22, nays 17 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Boreman, Buckingham, Chandler,
Cole, Corbett, Cragin, Edmunds, Ferry of Michigan,
Erelinghuysen, Harlan, Logan, Morrill of Maine,
Morrill of Vermont, Osborn, Pratt, Sawyer, Soott,
Speneer. West, Wilson, Windom, and Wright—22.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Carpenter.Casserly, Clay-
ton, Conkling, Cooper, Gfoldthwaite, Howe, Kelly,
Nye, Ransom, Schurz, Stevenson, Stewart, Thur-
man, Trumbull, and Vickers—17.
ABSENT—Messrs. Aieorn, Ames, Anthony, Blair,
Brownlow, Caldwell, Cameron, Davis, Fenton,
Ferry of Connecticut, Flanagan, Gilbert, Hamilton
of Maryland, Hamilton of Texas, Hamlin, Hill,
Hitchcock, Johnston, Lewis, Machen, Morton, Nor-
wood, Patterson, Pomeroy, Pool, Ramsey, Bice,
Robertson, Sanlsbury, Sherman, Sprague, Stockton,
Sumner, and Tipton—34.
So the amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion recurs on the amendment as amended.
The amendment as amended was agreed to.
Mr. THURMAN. I propose now to move
an additional section to the bill. This bill
creates divers offenses. I think that no law
creating offenses, unless in case of extreme
necessity, ought to take effect immediately on
its passage. We have a provision, I think it is
in the constitution in my State, that laws shall
take effect at a certain time after their pass-
age, unless for good reasons the Legislature
shall otherwise order. That is the law in
France, and it ought to be the law everywhere,
especially in regard to criminal matters. I
therefore move an additional section to this
effect:
This act shall take effect on the 1st day of July
noxt.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I do not wish
to discuss the amendment, and as a general
principle, if this were a criminal law, I think
the amendment would be a very proper one;
but there is not in this act any crime created
or any punishment provided.
Mr. THURMAN. Oh, yes, there is.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Not one that I
know of. The only provision there is in refer-
ence to criminal law at all is supplying a writ
of error to the Supreme Court for the relief
of those who are convicted, and I think that
may very well take effect immediately. There
is not a penalty or crime created by the act.
Yes, there is in reference to voting, I now
remember. That is made a misdemeanor:
but that does not come around until next fall
any how.
Mr. THURMAN. I do not know when
their municipal election takes place.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I do not think
you want that amendment.
Mr. THURMAN. I knew the twenty-second
section was a penal section, and I think as a
matter of principle it is always best to make
this provision. However, if there is no elec-
tion between now and the 1st of July, there is
no necessity for postponing the effect attached
to the bill. I am told there is no such election,
and I withdraw the amendment.
Mr. CRAGIN. I offeran amendment to the
bill, but if there is any objection to it or if it
give rise to debate I shall withdraw it. It is to
add at the close of the bill the following:
Taxation shall be equal and uniform throughout
the Territory, and any person who may feel aggrieved
at any assessment of property in said Territory may
petition the district court to revise sueh assessment,
and on a hearing the court may reduce or increase
such assessment.
Mr. CASSERLY. Where does the district
judge, an officer of the United States, get any
authority to revise assessments? Can such &
function as that be constitutionally bestowed
upon a district judge? It seems to me it is so
entirely apart from his ordinary statutory func-.
tions and duties that it is a very serious ques-
tion whether we have the power to impose
such duties upon him. In the next place,!
doubt very much the propriety as a question
of policy of burdening the judge with such
duties. They involve him in a multiplicity of
inquiries and of controversies entirely foreign
to his duties, and which compel him as it were
to learn from the beginning the whole subject
of values of property and assessments. How
is he to know of the values of property all
over a district as extensive as one of those
districts is in Utah ? You might as well require
him to act as auctioneer at the sales of prop-
erty -for taxes as to require him to revise the
assessments. One is just about as germane to
his duties as the other, and one is just as likely
to fall within the line of his pursuits and in-
quiries as the other. If there is any occasion
for a supervisory authority in respect to these
assessments that is one question, and as to
that I would have no objection to provide a
proper means of overhauling unjust assess-
ments ; but I think the power ought not to be
forced on the district judge.
Mr. CRAGIN. In my judgment and ac-
cording to my information there is great neces-
sity for some amendment of this kind. I am
sorry to say that the authorities in the Terri-
tory are very much inclined to tax the property
of Gentiles, people that do not sympathize
with the ruling power there, unequally. They
will raise a tax say of $5,000 in some county
for a school-house. The church property is ail
exempt from taxation. They lay it all upon
this property of others, and after the school-
house is built I am told it is generally the
case that it is coverted into a church. If that
is not so I know as a general rule that there is
a crying complaint upon that suject. An im-
mense amount of church property is exempt
from taxation under the laws of the Territory
of Utah, and this amendment merely provides
for equal taxation with a right of appeal to
somebody, and none other occurred to me but
the district judge. The proposition is that he
shall hear the case, both sides, and increase the
assessment or diminish it according to the facts.
The Senator from California thinks he has no
authority to do this. This amendment if adopt-
ed will give him authority. If this amend-
ment should be adopted probably only a few
cases will arise under it, for I think they will
be more likely to be equal in their taxation.
Mr. TH URM AN. Is it a proposition to tax
church property ?
Mr. CRAGIN. Not at all. The proposi-
tion is that the property of all citizens shall
be taxed equally.
Mr. CASSERLY. The proposition is, I
will state to the Senator from Ohio, to create
a board of equalization, to make the district
judge a board of equalization.
Mr. THURMAN. Let the amendment be
reported.
Mr. LOGAN. It is in the nature of an
appeal from the assessment to court, and is
certainly proper.
Mr. CASSERLY. It is just what I state it
to be. I ask that the amendment be read.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will be
reported again.
The amendment was read.
Mr. THURMAN. I suggest to the Senator
from New Hampshire that he bad better with-
draw the amendment. That is a very difficult
subject to legislate upon.
Mr. CRAGIN. I will withdraw it.
Mr. THURMAN. You had better bring it
in as a separate bill.
Mr. BAYARD. I propose on page 23, sec-
tion thirteen, in line two, to strike out the
words "or threatened with resistance."
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. What is the con-
nection? ,
