1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1813
Mr. BAYARD. The words are, " that if
the United States marshal, or any of his
deputies, shall be resisted or threatened with
resistance," &c. I suggest to the Senate that
that is too easily done to make it a cause for
calling out the Army of the United States as
a posse comitatus.
Mr. President, 1 deprecate this hasty re-
course, this convenient and frequent recourse,
to military power for the purpose of sustain-
ing our civil jurisdictions. I do not propose
to say anything mors than to suggest tbe ob-
jection in the present, case. When you have
the power ve-ited in the U nited States marshal
to demand the aid of the Army in the lawful
execution of any writ in ease he shall be re-
sisted, surely you have enough, and you do
not wish to give such a power in case of mere
threats of resistance made it does not say by
whom; they may be made to order. I sug-
gest, therefore, that those words be stricken
from this section.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Let the Senate
vote upon it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I wish to suggest to my
friend from Delaware, who I know offers this
amendment in perfect good faith, and I speak
with all sincerity 
Mr. BAYARD. Of course the. Senator
knows that.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I say I know it, because
I want to get the credit for knowing something
that is plain. I suggest to my friend from
Delaware that this provision as to threatened
resistance appears to me and appeared to the
committee to be necessary; and it is not un-
usual. If the marshal cannot call for the posse
comitatus until after he is resisted, he may be
entirely overthrown, and shot, and killed, and
dispersed to use a climax that is rather more
funny than logical, and then he may call for
the posse. I think it is usual in all the States
that where resistance is threatened, not appre-
hended merely but threatened, the sheriff or
the marshal may call upon the bystanders to
assist him in execution of the law.
Mr. BAYARD. Well, Mr. President, lam
so sick and tired of bayonet rule and bayonet
threats in this country that although this enact-
ment is applied to a people whom X shall never
see in all human probability, a people separated
from me and from my home by many long
miles, with whom in many ways I have no
sympathy more than the sympathy that comes
from their being men like myself, that I do not
wish toseethisreadyapplieation of the bayonet
upon every suggestion that there is to be an
interference in any way with the law. I have
seen too much of it; 1 have known too much
of it; our laws are too full of it ; and I tell
you, sir, that this country is to-day passing
away from the theory of being supported by
the hearts of the people, and it is becoming a
mere Government of coercion, and this bill is
a suggestion of it. It has only been of late
years that you have had such laws. It has
only been since civil war was a familiar sound
to our people's ear that you have had thiscon-
stant presence of the military to back up what
should be the moral force of the law, that
finds its best place and its best mtrenchment
in the hearts of your people.
Willing obedience to law makes the strength
of the American Government. If you must
have your marshals without number, and in
this case have the application of troops to
back them, do not let it rest upon something
so intangible as a threatened resistance, with-
out saying in what form or what positive shape
that threat shall come. Upon the story of
one of those deputy marshals, to be named
without your assent, chosen at the free will
and discretion of his chief, may come the
threat that every writ of the Government of
the United States shall reach the home of the
citizen backed by military. I pass over the
cotitump'rblt- yuosuou of ilio oxpeptie,
though thai may be sonu what great in these
times, but it is ever prest'ni, and made to be
ever present, that our people obey their Gov-
ernment because they fear it, and not because
they love it. That is what your laws now-
adays are constantly filled with; and I wish I
conld see the whole of this theory reversed.
It may be that my amendment may be con-
sidered immaterial, but I consider that the
presence of a soldier for the purpose of coer-
cion, is an insult to the people of this country
until it has been proven that they have been
unfaithful to the law, and that they mean im-
properly to resist it. I hope, sir, that the
amendment may be adopted. Resistance may
be threatened idly and foolishly, and with no
intent actually to resist. It is time enough to
bring in mere force and the force of our Army
when there has been resistance. If a man is
resisted in the service of process, all he can
do is to retire from the execution of it; he is
not bound to put himself in peril. When he
finds himself face to face with actual peril
from resistance, he may retire and ask this aid.
Perhaps in that quarter of the country it may
be necessary ; I trust it may not be; but here
is the idea that every deputy marshal through-
out the country shall travel through the land,
under what he may term the threat of resist-
ance, with an armed military force at his
back. I say, Mr. President, the laws of this
country need amendment the other way, and
we need further penalties imposed upon those
who bring soldiers to aid civil process when
there is no need for it than we do to apply
armies to execute your civil process, which you
should rely upon peaceful methods for the
execution of alone.
The PRESIDING OFFICER put the ques-
tion on the amendment, and declared that the
noes appeared to have it.
Mr. BAYARD. Let us have the yeas and
nays upon it.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Texas. I am paired
with the Senator from Mississippi, [Mr.
Ames.]
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 11, nays 26 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Casserly, Clayton,Cooper.
Kelly, Ransom, Sehurz, Stevenson, Thurman, Trum-
bull, and Vickers—11.
KAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Boremart, Buckingham,
Carpenter, Conkiing, Corbett, Cragin, Edmunds,
Terry of Michigan, Srelinghuysen, Harlan, Howe,
Logan, Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Nye,
Osborn. Pratt, Sawyer, Scott, Spencer, Stewart,
West, Wilson, Windom, and Wright—26.
ABSENT—Messrs. Alcorn, Ames, Blair, Brown-
low, Caldwell, Cameron, Chandler, Cole, Davis, Pen-
ton, Ferry of Connecticut, Flanagan, Gilbert, Gold-
thwaite, Hamilton of Maryland, Hamilton of Texas,
Hamlin, Hill, Hitchcock, Johnston, Lewis, Maehen,
Morton, Norwood, Patterson, Pomeroy, Pool, Kam-
sey, Rice, Robertson, Saulsbury, Sherman, Sprague,
Stockton, Sumner, and Tipton—36.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. YICKERS. I move to amend section
thirteen by striking out all after the word
" comitatusin line six, and inserting the
following: '
And if the same shall prove ineffectual for the
purpose aforesaid, the said marshal shall apply to a
district judge of the said Territory, who, if m his
judgment it shall be necessary, may apply in writing ;
to the commander or person in charge of any mil- j
itary camp or postof the United States in said Ter-
ritory, or to any one having charge of troops of tho j
United States therein, to act as a posse to aid such \
officer; and upon suoh application being made the
commander or person in charge of such military |
camp, post, or troops, is hereby authorized to detail '
a sufficient number of men to act as aposae comitate I
to enforce such writ or other process. But whenever I
it may be necessary to suppress any mob, riot, or i
other tumultuous disturbance of the peace, and the !
ordinary posse cowiiaiiis shall be insufficient to sup- I
press the same, the marshal or any ot his deputies j
may make application to tho district judge of the ]
United States, who. on being satisfied of the neces-
sity of a .posse comitatus to aid in the preservation of I
the peace, may apply to the commander or person i
in charge of any military camp or post of the United j
States in said Territory, or to any one having charge j
of .troops of tho United States therein, for a posse ;
to aid such officer; and upon such application being !
made, the commander or person in charge of such !
military camp, post, or troops, is hereby authorised ;
to detail a sufficient number of men to act asa^se j
comitatus as aforesaid. j
The only change that tnyamendmeut .makes l
is this: this bill gives to a deputy marshal the
right to call upon a military officer for troops.
I do not think that such a power should be
given to any one in that capacity. The bill
says he is first to summon the posse comitatus,
" or''—here is the disjunctive—he may call
upon a military officer for aid. Now he may
not summon a posse comitatus; he may not
call upon the power of the people at all to
assist him in the execution of any process. He
ought not to have the power to call upon the
military first before he calls upon the people to
assist him. It may be civil process or criminal
process. Whatever it may be, he should first
call upon the power of the people to assist
him in the execution of it, and if that power
be insufficient, then in the last resort, accord-
ing to my amendment, he is to call upon the
district judge, who, if satisfied upon a report
made to him that the aid of the military is
necessary, shall call out the military to enforce
the process of the court. But I submit to the
Senate that no such power to call upon the
military first should be given to a mere deputy
marshal. He ought first to call out the peo-
ple and then to apply to the judge, who will
exercise a sound discretion, and if he deems
it necessary he will call in writing on the mil-
itary officer for aid, and then it will be given
and the process executed.
Mr. CASSERLY. I do not know that it is
of the slightest use upon this bill, as it has not
been upon many other bills of any use, to en-
deavor to do something to restore this Gov-
ernment to its original character as a civil
Government in civil matters; and yet, sir, I
look with so much abhorrence upon thegrowiag
tendency of the times (not more than four or
five years old) to thrust the military into the
civil administration of the country upon all
occasions, in season and out of season, that I
never can refrain upon any proper occasion
from lifting up my voice against it.
Mr. President, the amendment of the Sena-
tor from Maryland, drawn up by him with evi-
dent care, is an amendment that ought to be
adopted. It is an amendment that never ought
to have been necessary in an American Senate
in regard to the execution of process by a Uni-
ted States marshal. The American Senate
never should have seen the day when upon the
mere question of the execution of civil process
a bill was brought forward and favored by the
majority of it for arming a special deputy or
any one of a hundred or two hundred special
deputies with the tremendous power of call-
ing out tbe Army of the United States. The
President of the United States has no higher
power. It is one of the distinctive marks of
his great executive authority that he, in his
duty to enforce the laws and by virtue of hia
office as Commander-in-Chief of the Army and
Navy, may call out the land and naval forces
of the country upon a proper occasion ; but
even he, I fancy, does that only under the
express provisions of some act of Congress.
But here is a ease where any hanger-on of the
marshal's office, any idler, any good-for-noth-
ing fellow, inflamed with passion or with drink,
or terrified out of his wits wherever a woman
would not be alarmed, or pretending to be
terrified, or threatened, as my friend at my
right [Mr. Bayard] says, by some Mormon
virago, may from any cause call out the Army
of the United States. The amendment pro-
poses that a civil magistrate, and that magis-
trate a Federal judge of an important rank,
shall first make an order permitting the mili-
tary to be called out. What is the objection
to that ? Is there any country which has free
institutions, a representative government, a
government of limited power anything like our
own, in which the order of some civil authority
is not requisite to permit the army of the Gov-
ernment to beset in motion against its people ?
Why, sir, it seems to me it. is always time
enough to commence shooting your own citi-
zens when the necessity arises; but I am sorry
to see that there is a considerable body of men
