1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
858
the western coast of the United States and Japan,
lor scientific purposes, and for the purpose of de-
termining the practicability of laying a telegraph
cable between those points.
Mr. W. R. ROBERTS. Will not that involve
a large expenditure?
Mr. HALE. Not a dollar.
Mr. W. R. ROBERTS. Is it offered in the
interest of any telegraph company ?
Mr. HALE. It is not.
Mr. W. R. ROBERTS. I will not object to
it if the gentleman will couple with it a pro-
vision that no appropriation shall be made
hereafter for this purpose.
Mr. HALE. I have no objection to that,
and will modify my amendment as suggested
by the gentleman.
The amendment as modified was agreed to.
Mr. HALE. I move that the committee
now rise and report this bill, with the amend-
ments, to the House.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, Mr. Wheel-
er reported that, pursuant to order of the
House, the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union bad had under considera-
tion the Union generally, and particularly the
bill (H. R. No. 3351) making appropriations for
the naval service of the Government for the
year ending June 30, 1874, and for other pur-
poses, and had directed him to report the same,
with sundry amendments, to the House.
Mr. HALE. I move the previous question
on the bill and amendments.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr, HALE. I ask a separate vote on the
amendment striking out the provision in rela-
tion to the Naval Academy at Annapolis.
The remaining amendments were agreed to.
The amendment upon which a separate vote
was asked by Mr. Hale was to strike out the
following:
That from and after the 30th day of June, 1873, the
term of the classes in the Naval Academy at An-
napolis shall besix years, instead of four, as now pro-
vided by law, and this provision shall first apply to
the class entering the Academy in the year 1873, and
to all subsequent classes.
The question was taken ; and upon a divis-
ion, there were—ayes seventy-five, noes not
counted.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. HALE called for the yeas and nays.
The question was taken ; and there were
sixteen in the affirmative, not one fifth of the
last full vote.
Before the result was announced,
Mr. HALE called for tellers on the yeas and
nays.
The question was taken ; and there were,
nineteen in the affirmative; not one fifth of a
quorum.
So tellers were refused ; and the yeas and
nays were refused.
Accordingly the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DONNAN. I ask unanimous consent
to amend the bill by inserting the following,
to take the place of the paragraph which has
been struck out, relating to appointments to
the Naval Academy:
That from and after the 30th day of June, 1873, the
number of midshipmen allowed at the Naval Acad-
emy shall be one for every two members and Dele-
gates of the House of Representatives, three to be
appointed annually at large, and three to beseleeted
annually from boys enlisted in the Navyandwbo
have been one year in the service on board a naval
vessel, should so many be found qualified: Provided,
appointments shall be made alternately from the
several congressional districts and Territories; And
provided also, That so much of the aet of March 2,
1867, as is in conflict with this provision is hereby
repealed.
Mr. W. E. ROBERTS. I object to the
amendment..
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be
engrossed for a third reading; and being en-
grossed, it was accordingly read the third time,
and passed,
Mr. HALE moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed ; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CllEDIT MOBIUKIt INVESTIGATION, ETC.
Mr. POLAND. The select committee, ap-
pointed on the 2d of December last, to invest-
igate certain charges of bribery have instructed
me to report back the resolution that was yes-
terday referred to them, and to ask that it be
referred to the other select committee raised
at a later day. On examination of the resolu-
tion, our committee • are satisfied that the
inquiries which it directs are more in the line
of the investigation which the other committee
is directed to make than within the scope of
the committee of which I have the honor to
be chairman. I ask, therefore, that our com-
mittee be discharged ftom the further consid-
eration of the resolution, and that it be referred
to the committee of which the gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Wilson] is chairman.
Mr. STEVENSON. I ask to modify my
resolution, and that in its modified form it be
recommitted to the committee that now re-
ports it back. I propose to modify the res-
olution so as to read as follows:
Whereas it is alleged that members of this House
have been interested in the railroad from Duhuque
to Sioux City, which has received a subsidy in public
lands, and has been managed by some of the oper-
ators of the Credit Mobilierof America: Therefore,
Resolved, That the select committee appointed
December 2,1872, to investigate alleged transactions
of said Credit Mobilier with members of this
House, be instructed to inquire and report whether
any member of this House has been interested in the
construction contracts, the stocks, bonds, or subsidy
of said railroad from Dubuque to Sioux City, and
especially that part thereof which was constructed
by the Iowa Falls and Sioux City Railroad Com-
pany.
I wish to say that when this resolution was
offered originally i iuteuded to confine it to
this road, and did not propose to extend the in-
vestigation to the Central Pacific railroad. The
subject of this inquiry is a personal matter
connected with the operations of the Credit
Mobilier, and belongs to the committee of
which the gentleman from Vermont [Mr.
Polasd] is chairman.
The SPEAKER. The first question is, is
there objection to admitting the resolution ?
Mr. W. R. ROBERTS. Provided the
amendment is admitted, I shall not object;
otherwise I shall.
Mr. RANDALL. That brings up the ques-
tion of the amendment relative to the Central
Pacific railroad, which, on my suggestion,
was inserted in the resolution of the gentle-
man from Ohio, [Mr. Stevejtsox ] In offer-
ing that amendment I did not intend to touch
any personal matter or any individual mem-
ber. My object was solely that the rights of
the Government in connection with the Central
Pacific railroad should be examined in the
same manner as the rights of the Government
are now being examined in connection with
the Union Pacific railroad by the committee
presided over by the gentleman from Indiana,
[Mr. Wilson.]
Mr. STEVENSON. Then the question be-
longs to that committee.
Mr. RANDALL. I ask that my proposition
be read.
The Clerk read as follows :
Resoloed. That tliecommittee heretofore appointed
by this (louse, of which Mr. Wilson, of Indiana, is
chairman, be authorized to extend their present in-
vestigation so as to include the Central Pacific Rail-
road Company and its branches, with like power
and for like purposes as originally given to said
committee in reference to the Union Pacific Rail-
road Company.
Mr. HOAR. I ask leave to make a state-
ment which will occupy only a minute or two.
This Congress will expire by constitutional
limitation five weeks from next Tuesday.
Any legislative remedy which may be neces-
sary to protect the great property interests of
the United States in these roads must be ma-
tured by the committee on full investigation j
of the facts, and must pass both branches of I
Congress within these few weeks, which will
be crowded, as everybody knows, with other
business. Now, the imposition of any further
duties upon the committee is not in the interest
of thorough investigation ; for I am quite sure
it is the opinion of every one of them that, it
will take all the time and labor they can give
it to reach a result in the matter already sub-
mitted to them, and the House ought not to
impose this additional duty upon them, but
ought to intrust it to the other committee or
appoint a new one. If we attempt to do it it
will only embarrass the investigation already
begun, and render it likely the committee will
not accomplish any result whatever.
Mr. RANDALL. Of course, Mr. Speaker,
if it turns out to be physically and morally
impossible for the committee to do this work,
we cannot expect them to do it. I wish this
committee to proceed as they have already
proceeded in their investigation in reference
to the Northern Pacific railroad, because, in
my judgment, the remedy which may be pro-
vided in the one case will prove a remedy in
the other, or, in other words, the same remedy
will apply to both eases. Therefore it is I ask
the committee to go on and at least make the
effort. It relates to the relative right of own-
ership of the Government to these two roads.
I hope the House will insist upon this refer-
ence until, upon an investigation of the ques-
tion, the committee are absolutely convinced
after entering upon the investigation they are
physically unable to accomplish it.
And moreover, Mr. Speaker, if they will only
continue in the good work which I believe they
are now succeeding well in, the next Congress
can take up the subject where they leave off
and push it to its final conclusion.
Mr. HOAR. The House must determine
whether this can be done by this committee.
Mr. RANDALL. I think it can.
Mr. HOAli. The House must decide be
tween the judgment of a gentleman who is not
a member of the committee and who has not
had charge of the investigation, and one of the
committee who has had charge of it.
Mr. RANDALL. I am satisfied with the
committee, and only ask they shall proceed in
this case as they have done in the other.
Mr. POLAND. Mr. Speaker, the commit-
tee of which I have the honor to be chairman
have no disposition to shirk any labor properly
belonging to them; but the subject they were
directed to inquire into is one relating to per-
sonal character, and one we desire shall not
| be mixed up with matters of business which
can be avoided. The duty which has been de-
volved on us is a very delicate one, and we are
endeavoring to perform it as well as we know
how, with such means as we have on hand;
and we do not desire it shall be perplexed and
embarrassed with any other consideration. It
is in that view the committee ask to be dis-
charged from the resolution referred to them.
Mr. STEVENSON. I wish to say a word in
regard to my own resolution. It had originally
no other purpose or intent except an invest-
igation as to the personal conduct of members
of this House in connection with land grant
and subsidy railroads. My information is that
this road about which I propose to inquire was
under the management in part of the same
band which manipulated the Credit Mobilier.
My information is that members of this House
wore interested in that operation; and I do not
think it fair or just to confine our investigation
to a single class of operations at that time by
members of the House, if there is reason to
believe other members have been interested in
other operations at the same time with the
same men. In my judgment there would be
gross injustice in it. 1 hope the committee
who report this back will be instructed, under
my amended resolution, to make that, inquiry.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will again read
the resolution as amended.
The resolution was again read.
