854
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 25,
Mr. HOAR. I rise to a question of order
on the reception of that resolution.
The SPEAKER. The Chair considers the
point raised too late; and the resolution is
before the House.
The resolution was adopted.
Mr. STEVENSON moved to reconsider the
vote by which the lesolution was adopted; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will now read
the resolution as offered by the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Randall.]
The Clerk read as follows :
Jiesoived, That the committee heretofore appointed
by this House, of which Mr. Wilson, of Indiana, is
chairman, bo authorized to extend their present
investigation so as to include the Central Pacific
Railroad Company and its branches, with like
power and lor like purposes as originally given to
said committee in reference to the Union Pacific
Railroad Company.
Mr. HOAR. I respectfully appeal to the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Randall]
and the House to defer action upon this until
the chairman of that committee is present.
Mr. RANDALL. If the chairman of that
committee on Monday, or on any other day,
will come here and say, as the gentleman from
Vermont, the chairman of the other commit-
tee, has said, that it will be absolutely impos-
sible for lii3 committee to lake up this investi-
gation, then I will not press it. I will say,
liowever, that I have perfect confidence in
that, committee.
The resolution was adopted.
Mr. RANDALL moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was adopted ;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would suggest
that the passage of the resolutions of the gen
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Stevenson] and the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Randall]
would seem to take the place of the action
recommended by the gentleman from Ver
mont [Mr. Poland] on the resolution which
he reported back a short time ago from his
committee.
Mr. POLAND. I move that the resolution
which I reported bank be laid on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
expenses of united states courts.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I ask unani-
mous consent to report, from the Committee
on Appropriations, for consideration now, a
bill to provide for a deficiency in the appro
priations for expenses of the courts of the
United States for the fiscal year endiug June
30, 187-2.
The SPEAKER. The bill will be read for
information, after which objections, if any,
will be in order.
The hill was read.
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. I reserve the
right to object, until I hear some explanation
of the bill.
Mr. RANDALL. This is not a regular
appropriation bill, and I object uncondition-
ally.
The SPEAKER. Objection being made,
the bill is not before the House.
L18AVK 0® ABSENCE
By unanimous consent, Mr. Sherwood ob-
tained leave of absence for one week from
to-morrow.
Mr. Parker, of New Hampshire, obtained
leave of absence until the 31st of January.
Mr. Townsend, of Pennsylvania, obtained
leave of absence until Tuesday next.
report on FIIHEDMEn's hospital.
Mr. WOOD, by unanimous consent, sub-
milted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
ltcmioetl, That the Secretary of War he, and he
hereby is, directed to transmit to this House a copy
of the report of Assistant Surgeon Billings, of the
Surgeon General's Department, upon the condi-
tion of the ireedmen's hospital in the District of
Columbia, together with copies of the papers and
correspondence relating to the inspection of the
said hospital, made under the direction of the War
Department.
BRIDGE ACROSS MISSOURI RIVER.
Mr. COMINGO. I ask unanimous consent
that the bill (S. No. 1079) to authorize the
construction of a bridge across the Missouri
river at or near the city of Lexington, in the
State of Missouri, and to establish it as a post
road, may be taken from the Speaker's table,
with a view to its being referred to the Com-
mittee on tbe Post Office and Post Roads.
There was no objection ; and the bill was
taken from the Speaker's table, and read a
first and second time.
Mr. COMINGO. I now move that the bill
be referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
Mr. NEGLEY. I would suggest that it be
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. COMINGO. I have no objection.
The bill was referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
Mr. COMINGO moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was referred to the
Committee on Commerce; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. I move that the
House do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to ; and thereupon
(at four o'clock and twenty-five minutes p. m.)
the House adjourned.
PETITIONS
The following petitions were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriat e
committees:
By Mr. ADAMS: The petition of Mrs.
Sarah Shackelford, of Wolfe county, Kentucky,
for a pension.
By Mr. BUTLER, o! Tennessee; The peti-
tion of Joel Reu, of Tennessee, praying to be
placed on the pension-roll.
By Mr. CRITCHER: Tbe petition of John
B. Crenshaw, trustee of the Richmond Female
Institute, praying compensation for the use
and occupation of its buildings.
By Mr. FOSTER, of Michigan: The peti-
tion of 'L. Gr. Winner and 90 others, asking an
appropriation for Grand river, Michigan.
By Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts: The
petition of John P. Dabney and Samuel Dab-
tiey, executors of the will of Charles Dadney,
deceased, praying that a register be issued for
the bark Fredonia.
Also, the petition of marine insurance com-
panies, ship owners, and others, of Boston,
Massachusetts, for establishing a light-house
on Steelwagen's bank, near Cape Cod.
By Mr. KENDALL : The petition of attor-
neys for the favorable consideration of House
bill 1790, to reorganize the clerical force of the
General Land Office.
By Mr. PETERS: The petition of A. P.
Wrhite and others, for a mail route between
North Milford and Greenfield, Maine.
Also, the petition of merchants and otber3,
of Bangor, Maine, for the removal of taxes on
State and national banks.
By Mr. SPKAGUE: The petition of A. D.
ITavely, late of company H, thirty-first Mas-
sachusetts volunteers, a wounded soldier, ask-
ing arrears of pension.
NOTICE OF A BILL
The following notice for leave to introduce
a bill was given under the rule:
By Mr. RANDALL: A bill granting an
annuity to Mary Swift, daughter of Thomas
Truxton, late commodore in the United States
Navy.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, January 25, 1873.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
SAN JOAN ISLAND.
Mr. SARGENT. -I ask unanimous consent
to submit for adoption at this time the reso-
lution which I send to the Clerk's desk.
The Clerk read as follows :
Resolved, That the President of the United States
be requested to transmit to this House any informa-
tion hemay have concerning the occupation of land,
in San Juan island or other islands, acquired by the
United States by the recent award of tho king of
Prussia, by subjects of Great Britain ; and whether
in his opinion any legislation is necessary there-
upon; also, whether any order has been issued upon
said subject, or any action taken thereon by tho
Governor of Washington Territory, or other officer
of the United States Government.
Mr. RANDALL. Does the gentleman know
whether the official award has been placed in
possession of the Government?
Mr. SARGENT. I understand it has been.
No objection being made, the resolution
was received and adopted,
SUTRO TUNNEL.
Mr. SARGENT. I ask unanimous consent
to present from the minority of the Committee
on Mines and Mining a report upon House
bill No. 1173 in regard to the Sutro Tunnel
Company. The majority report has been
already submitted.
No objection was made ; and the report was
received, ordered to be printed, and recom-
mitted to the Committee on Mines aud Mining.
boston post office.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I ask unan-
imous consent to report back from the Com-
mittee on Appropriations, for consideration at
this time, Senate bill No. 1242 to authorize the
purchase of an addition to the site of the post
office bui d.ng in Boston. I am instructed by
the committee to report the same back, and
recommend its passage with an amendment.
The SPEAKER. The bill and amendment
will be read, after which objection will be in
order.
Thebill, which was read, autboiizes the Sec-
retary of the Treasury to obtain by purchas<-7
or by condemnation in the courts of I he Statu
of Massachusetts, all that lot or parcel of land
lying easterly of the present site of the new-
post office in Boston, and bounded by the site,
Water street, Congress street, and Milk street,
upon the the lines of the streets as they are
now established or may hereafter be established
by due process of law ; and such sum of money
as may be necessary for the purchase of the
land, not exceeding $500,000, be appropri-
ated, out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated, provided no money
appropriated for that purpose shall be used
or expended in the purchase of the site until
a valid title thereto shall be vested in th«
United States, nor until the State of Massa-
chusetts shall cede its jurisdiction over the
same, and shall duly release and relinquish
to the United States the right to tax or in any
way assess the site and the property of the
United States that may be thereon during the
time that the United States shall be or remain
the owner thereof.
The amendment was to add to tho bill the
following:
Provided further, That the Secretary of the Treas-
ury shall make no purchase of land under the pro-
visions of this act unless and until the city of Boston
shall widen Congress street along the proposed new
front of said buildme to at least a width of eighty
feet, and Milk and Water streets, where tho build-
ings have been destroyed by fire, to a width at least
of sixty feet.
Mr. RANDALL. I raise the point of order
that this bill contains an appropriation, and
must therefore receive its first consideration
in Committee of the Whole.
