1814
THE CONGrBESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 26,
in this country, some of them in high place,
too, whose idea seems to be that you never can
commence too soon that bloody business. I
look with abhorrence upon all such ideas and
all such tendencies, and if we were not steeled
by use and habit to the employment of the
military force of the country upon the most
idle occasions there would no necessity for any
one at this late hour of the night either to offer
an amendment for the purpose of bringing this
bill to something like a proper condition on
the subject or for me or any one to make a
single remark in favor of the amendment.
I trust, sir, that we shall not leave in this bill
such an excresence. With the Senator from Del-
aware, I feel heart-sick and very tired and dis-
gusted with this policy which seems to have
grown so habitual that it is irresistible on every
occasion to thrust bayonets into the front daring
the four years of the present Administration,
I undertake to say there are more bayonets in
the civil laws of this country than there were
in all the days of peace that preceded the war.
I do not know that apart from the statutes for
thepurposes of suppressing the civil war during
the civil war, the bayonet was so constantly
obtruded into the civil administration of the
Government as it has been during the last four
years; and if the American people had not
lost much of their ancient spirit and all their
old sensitiveness which took alarm at the first
sight or sound of arbitrary power, they would
long ago have awakened to the enormity of
this policy. Does any man hope to govern
the American people against their will by
bayonets? What would your little standing
Army do if that idea was ever brought to a
test? You may ride over and trample down a
settlement of people in this remote territory;
I have no idea that they will give any cause
or even any excuse for the exercise of this
power. It would be the worst thing for them
if they did. I should deprecate it myself most
heartily. I do not know that any particular
point is made against them ; indeed I acquit
the author of this bill from any such purpose ;
he did not mean to single them out for any such
invidious distinction, because we have had the
same bayonets, all through several other bills
running through the country at large. The
" bayonet bill," so-called, bristles with them
from the first line to the last—a bill that, as
we were taunted here in this Chamber, was
made for the whole country, as well for the
States of the North as the States of the South.
I have spoken, sir, in the discharge of my
duty here, and I never shall omit while I
remain here on every proper occasion to cen-
sure and to condemn and to resist by my
vote and my voice this bayonet policy, of which
the Administration party of this country seems
to be so much enamored.
Mr. TBUMBULL. Mr. President, the
Senators from Delaware and California are
quite right when they say that this introduction
of bayonets into the civil administration of
the Government is of modern origin. I think
the first law ever passed whereby the military
authority could be brought into requisition to
aid the marshal to enforce a law of the United
States was in nullification times, about 1832.
A law was passed in 1792 which is entitled
"An act to provide for calling forth the militia
to exccute the laws of the Union, suppress
insurrections, and repel invasions." In that
act it is provided:
" When the laws of the United States shall he
opposed or the execution thereof obstructed in any
State by combinations too powerful to be suppressed
by the ordinary course of judicial proceedings, or
by the powers vested in the marshals by this act.
the same being notified to the President of the
United orates by an associate justice or the district
judge, it shall be lawful for the President of the
United states to call forth the militia of such State
to supprass such combinations, and to cause the
laws to bo uuly executed."
Observe with how much care this statute was
drafted. Before even the President of the Uni-
ted States could call forth the militia to aid in
the execution of a law of the United States,
it was necessary that the marshal should be
resisted, so that he could not with the ordinary
powers vested in him execute process, and it
was necessary then that that fact should be cer-
tified to the district or circuit judge, and he
should notify the President, and then the Presi-
dent was authorized to call forth the militia to
aid in the execution of a United States law,
and not till then. And even then, before the
President could act, the law provided '' that
whenever it may be necessary in the judgment
of the President to use the military force hereby
directed to be called forth, the President shall
forthwith and previous thereto, by'proclama-
tion, command such insurgents to disperse and
retire peaceably to their respective abodes "
within a limited time. This statute exhibits
the care which the men who framed the Gov-
ernment took against using the military power
to execute civil process.
This act was made in 1807, so as to authorize
the President of the United States to use the
Army and Navy in cases where he had before
been authorized to call forth the militia to aid
in the execution of the laws of the United
States.
See, sir, how careful our fathers were in
placing the Army even under the control of
the President to be used to execute process
when it was resisted. It was not until he
made proclamation, and until he had been
informed by a judge that the marshal had been
actually resisted.
When was it that these provisions were first
incorporated into our statutes authorizing every
marshal in the land to have at his disposal the
Army of the United States? It is of very
recent origin, and the first case that has ever
come under my observation was when the
Army in the State of Louisiana was placed
subject to the order of a United States marshal
in order to set up a government of usurpers
over that people. It is the first instance that
I remember where such a power has been
exercised.
I recollect, air, when the civil rights bill was
passed in 1866, there was incorporated into that
bill a provision authorizing the military power
to be used in aid of its execution, and it was
denounced, fiercely assailed as an improper
provision; but who thought then of placing
the Army under the control of a marshal?
Why, sir, the civil rights bill which was com-
plained of at that time contained this pro-
vision :
" That it shall be lawful for the President of the
United States, or such person as he may empower
for that purpose, to employ such part of the land or
naval forces of the United States, or of the militia,
as shall be necessary to prevent the violation and
enforce the due execution of this act."
That provision was copied from a similar
provision in what was known as the force act,
which was passed in 1832, I think, in nullifi-
cation times, and it was that extraordinary
occasion when the State of South Carolina was
arming and drilling her troops and preparing
to resist by force of arms the collection of your
revenue that Congress ventured to pass a law
authorizing the Presidentof the United States,
or such person as he should empower, to make
use of the Army and Navy to collect your rev-
enue. But now, sir, it is proposed to incor-
porate into a statute a provision that your
marshal, not the President, should exercise
this delicate and dangerous power, and he the
marshal of a Territory.
Mr. CASSERLY. Any deputy marshal.
Mr. TRUMBULL. And a deputy marshal
of a Territory is to have control over the
Army; and when? Not when the laws are
obstructed and he reports the fact to a United
States judge and the judge certifies it to the
President and the President makes proclama-
tion ; but when the marshal is threatened dr
somebody threatens that the process shall not
be executed, then the marshal is to take com-
mand of your Army to execute his process.
Why, sir, this is going on very rapidly. We
are making very rapid strides to the time when
the military power shall take charge of the
civil administration of the Government.
I am glad that the Senator from Indiana has
called attention to this provision in the bill,
and so far from undertaking to amend it I hope
he will move to strike it out, or at all events
make it necessary that the troops may be used
only on the order of the President and not in
the discretion of the marshals and deputy
m&rsh&Is
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President, the Sen-
ator from Illinois evidently was not in the
Chamber a little while ago when there was
voted down the very moderate proposition that
the troops should not be called out even by a
deputy marshal, unless there was actual resist-
ance. The amendment then proposed was
that the threatening of a deputy marshal with
resistance should not suffice to authorize him
to use the armed force of the United States
Government to enforce civil process.
But, sir, I am very glad that this amend-
ment and some others in the same direction
have been offered and have been discussed,
and I shallbe glad if even now, with these thin
benches, even now at this late hour of the
night, there can be a suggestion still to reach
the ear of any American citizen and show him
the direction upon which this Government is
so plainly traveling toward the substitution
of mere brute force for reason, for love of
Government, and for disposition to civil order,
which were supposed to be almost inherent,
and I believe are inherent in the breasts of a
people capable of self-government. If the
time shall come that our Government cannot
be conducted without this rude application of
brute force, the mere law of coercion instead
of voluntary support, then our Government
will be incapable of being carried on under
our present system.
The Constitution of our Government was
for a free people, who adopted it, who sup-
ported it because they cared for it, who were
supposed to be able to appreciate it. It never
was intended for purposes of arbitrary tyranny.
And all these efforts to ingraft coercive powers
upon the framework and machinery of our
Government are utterly uncongenial to it, are
altogether forced and wrong.
When, sir, will the idea come back again
that this is a self-governing people, a people
whose motive of government comes from
within and not from without, that they are
controlled from impulses of their own heart
and their own feeling toward their Govern-
ment, and that their allegiance to it grows out
of affection and is not compelled by fear ?
I do not wish to arouse old animosities, and
I almost fear in the Senate to weaken any
attempt at ameliorating the present bill by re-
ferring to past passions. Let them go; I will
not refer to them ; but I only say now, with-
out reference to the past otherwise than to
gather wisdom from it, that I do wish the time
would come again when our laws might re-
sume their old forms and that civil law might
mean that which it was intended to mean, the
very antithesis of military power and coercion,
that there might be a moral force, that the
unarmed marshal who presented his writ,
whether of monition or arrest, should be up-
held by the feelings and the moral force of
the community around him.
Mr. LOGAN. I should like to ask a ques-
tion. I ask the Senator if he thinks any posse
can be summoned in Utah, of Mormon citizens,
for the purpose of arresting a Mormon citizen
contrary to the will of their church ?
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President, it may be very
doubtful whether even Mormon citizens are to
be converted from the error of their ways by
simple coercion. If it is successful in their
case, it will be the first case in all history Where
it was successful. There never was a time
when force, and simple force without concilia-
tion, without kindly feeling, without holding
out an alternative that was better than subjec-
tion, was successful. I do not believe it will
