1878.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8 55
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Very well; let
it go to the Committee of the Whole.
The bill and amendment were accordingly
referred to the Committee of the Whole.
Mr. RANDALL subsequently said: I with-
draw my point of order so as to allow the Bos-
ton post office bill to be considered in the
House.
The SPEAKER. If there be no further
objection, the bill will be considered in the
House.
Mr. KERR. I renew the objection.
. RETIRED ARMY OFFICERS.
Mr. BUCKLEY. I ask unanimous con-
sent to submit the following resolution for
adoption at this time:
Revolved, That the Secretary of War is hereby
requested to furnish the following information con-
cerning the Army retired list: the names and retired
rank of officers retired in a higher grade than that
held by them in the regular Army; the rank by
regular commission and by brevet held by each
officer in the regular Army when examined by the
retiring board on the proceedings and findings of
which ho was afterward retired; the rank and com-
mand held by each officer in the regular Army and
in the volunteer force when wounded as shown by
tho findings of said retiring board; all the commis-
sions held by each officer in the line and by brevet
both in the regular Army and in the volunteer force,
while in the military service of the United States,
and what each particular brevet commission was
granted for; the date of original entry into the ser-
vice as enlisted man or commissioned officer, and
what the length of such service rendered by each in
the field with troops since the timeof original entry,
particularly in Florida against hostile Indians, in
the Mexican war, and the late war of the rebellion
and on the frontier.
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. I believe I must
object to that. I think it caunot be answered
in less than ten volumes.
HEADING-BOLTS.
Mr. CONGER, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. R. No. 3626) relating to
the importation of heading-bolts; which was
read a first and second time, ordered to be
printed, and referred to the Committee of
Ways and Means.
ALEXANDER F. CROSSMAN.
Mr. WHITTHORNE, by unanimous con-
sent, reported back from the Committee on
Naval Affairs, with a recommendation that it
pass, the joint resolution (H. R. No. 173) for
the relief of Alexander P. Crossman. deceased,
late commander United States Navy.
The joint resolution, which wasread, author-
izes and requires the Secretary of the Treasury
to pay to the widow of Alexander F. Crossman,
deceased, late a commander in the United
States Navy, one year's extra pay, he having
been drowned near Grey Town, while in com-
mand of the expedition sent by the Navy De-
partment to survey a route for a ship-canal
across the Isthmus of Darien, to unite the
Atlantic and Pacific oceans.
Mr. HARRIS, of Mississippi. Doesnotthe
bill make an appropriation?
Mr. WHITTHORNE. It is unanimously
reported by the committee. I hope the gen-
tleman from Mississippi will not object to it.
Mr. HARRIS, of Mississippi. Mr. Speaker,
does not the bill make an appropriation?
The SPEAKER. It does make an appro-
priation.
Mr. HARRIS, of Mississippi. I make the
point of order that it must go to the Committee
of the Whole on the Private Calendar.
Mr. WHITTHORNE. I ask, then, to with-
draw the bill, that it may be reported at
another time.
Mr. HARRIS, of Mississippi. The gentle-
man cannot withdraw it; it can be recom-
mitted.
The SPEAKER. What is the difference?
Mr. HARRIS, of Mississippi. It is not
admissible to withdraw a bill. I have no
objection to its being recommitted.
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not per-
ceive the difference. The bill will be recom-
mitted.
EAST TENNESSEE UNIVERSITY.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from
the Secretary of War, returning to the House
a copy of the bill (S. No. 490) for the relief
of the East Tennessee University ; which was
referred to the Committee of Claims, and
ordered to be printed.
MEDICAL AND HOSPITAL DEPARTMENT.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a communication
from the Secretary of War, relative to the
transfer, on the books of the Treasury Depart-
ment, of $200,000 from the balance on hand
of the appropriation for the medical and hos-
pital department for the fiscal year prior to
July 1,1870, to tbeappropriation for the same
department for the fiscal year 1870-71 ; which
was referred to the Committee on Appropria-
tions, and ordered to be printed.
EMPLOYES IN WAR DEPARTMENT.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a communication
from the Secretary of W;tr, transmitting a
statement of clerks and others employed in
the War Department in the year 1872 ; which
was referred to the Committee on Appropria-
tions, and ordered to be printed.
SAYBROOK BAIt, CONNECTICUT RIVER.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a communication
from the Secretary of War, in answer to a
resolution of the House of January 15, 1873,
in relation to the improvement of Saybrook
bar at the mouth of Connecticut river ; which
was referred to the Committee ou Commerce,
and ordered to be printed.
CHARLES J. M'KINNEY.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con
sent, laid before the House a communication
from the Secretary of War, returning to the
House acopy of a bill for the relief of Charles J.
McKinney, of Tennessee ; which was referred
to the Committee of Claims, and ordered to
be printed.
MISSOURI WAR CLAIMS.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a letter from the
Secretary of War, in relation to the indebted-
ness of the State of Missouri on account of
ordnance and ordnance stores issued to said
State during the rebellion ; which was referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs, and
ordered to be printed,
SURVEY OF SANDUSKY IIARBOR.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before tue House a letter from the
Secretary of War, in answer to a resolution of
the House of January 16, 1873, in relation to
the survey of Sandusky harbor; which was
referred to the Committee on Commerce, and
ordered to be printed.
ARMY CONTINGENCIES.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a letter from the
Secretary of War, transmitting, m compliance
with the act of March 3, 1809, a statement of
expenditures for Army contingencies for the
year ending December 31, 1872 ; which was
referred to the Committee on Appropriations,
and ordered to be printed.
IMPROVEMENT OF ELK RIVER, MARYLAND.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a letter from the
Secretary of War, in relation to the improve-
ment of Elk river, Maryland ; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce, and
ordered to be printed.
INVENTORIES OF PROPERTY.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con- j
sent, laid before the House a letter from the !
Secretary of War, transmitting inventories of j
the public property in the possession of the 1
several bureaus of the War Department on the
31st of December, 1872 ; which was referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs, and
ordered to be printed.
H. G COLE.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a letter from the
Secretary of War, in relation to the claim of
H. G. Cole for material furnished for the
Marietta National Cemetery, of Georgia; which
was referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
CLOTHING FOR THE ARMY.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a letter from the
Secretary of War, transmitting a statement
showing the quantity of clothing that should
be manufactured during this fiscal year for issue
to troops during the next fiscal year; which
was referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
DANIEL 11. STEEN.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a letter from the
Secretary of War, in relation to the removal
of the charge of desertion borne upon the
records of the War Department against Daniel
R. Steen, fifty third Illinois volunteers ; which
was referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
PORTLAND HARBOR, MAINE.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid belore the House a leiter from the
Secretary of War, in relation to the improve-
ment of the harbor of Portland, Maine; which
was referred to the Committee on Commerce,
and ordered to be printed.
ASSISTANT APPRAISERS
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a letter from the
acting Secretary of the Interior, in relation to
an appropriation to pay certain persons for
assisting and making appraisement of squares
numbered 687 and 688, and of portions of
squares numbered 575 and 576 ; which was
referred to the Committee on Appropriations,
and ordered to be printed.
AMENDMENT OF AN ACT.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a letter from the
acting Secretary of the Interior, transmitting
the draft of a bill to amend section live of
the act. making appropriations for the legisla-
tive, executive, and judicial expenses of the
Government for the year ending June 30,
1873; which was referred to the Committee on
Appropriations, and ordered to be printed.
MEMPHIS AND CHARLESTON RAILROAD.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a letter from the
acting Secretary of the Interior, in relation to
an appropriation to pay the Memphis and
Charleston Railroad Company for transport-
ing certain Cherokee Indians from Loudon,
Tennessee, to the Indian territory ; which was
referred to the Committee on Appropriations,
and ordered to be printed.
ARICKAltEES, GKOS VENTRES, AND MANDANS.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a letter from the acting
Secretary of the Interior, in relation to an
appropriation to meet the indebtedness con-
tracted by the agent of the Arickaree, Gros
Ventre, and Mandan Indians in the north-
western part of Dakota ; which was referred
to the Committee on Appropriations, and
ordered to be printed.
OSAGE INDIANS.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a letter from the
acting Secretary of the Interior, in relation to
an appropriation to pay the Osage Indians the
annual interest at five per cent, on the net
proceeds of the sale of the Osage trust and
