1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1815
be successful with these people. I believe to-
day that if your legislation as contained in this
bill had more breadth of simple humanity, of
the law of kindness, of conciliation toward
these people, it would have greater success.
With all their errors, and they have been many,
with all their wrongs, which I doubt not have
been many, there must have beeu something of
human earnestness in this band of misguided
people that could have wrought the fruits that
they have stamped upon the face of nature ia
that distant region which they have reclaimed.
It seems to me now that they are being dealt
with more like banditti than like reasonable
men. I do not say that they will form the
best of your American citizens, but I mean to
say that they must be tried as American citi-
zens, and laws that have not their foundation
and their best strength in the will of the peo-
ple to support them are un-American in the
strongest sense of the word. If people do
not know that, they will be taught after a
while.
Mr. COLE. I do not rise for the purpose
of discussing the bill that is now pending be-
fore the Senate, but merely to express the
hope that it may disposed of to-night, for the
reason that I shall regard it as my duty, and
indeed I am instructed upon this point, to-
morrow at twelve o'clock, or after the morning
hour, to insist on the consideration of the
sundry civil appropriation bill. That is a bill
as I will say to the Senate now, of a great deal
of difficulty; there are a great many questions
involved in it that will call forth discussion, I
have no doubt, and it will necessarily con-
sume considerable time; and in view of the
very limited time that is to intervene be-
tween now and the end of the session, I shall
have to insist upon its consideration to-mor-
row after the morning hour, or as early as I
can get the floor to move it. I trust there-
fore that the bill known as the Utah bill
may be disposed of to night, and that enough
Senators will stand by to see that it is passed
before we adjourn.
Mr. SPENCER. I propose that we agree
by common consent to take the vote on this
bill at twelve o'clock to-morrow precisely,
without debate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Bore-
man.) Is there unanimous consent to that
proposition? [A pause.] The Chair hears
no objection.
Mr. CASSERLY. What is the proposi-
tion?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The propo-
sition is to take the vote on this bill, without
further debate, to-morrow at twelve o'clock.
Is there any objection ?
Mr. CASSERLY. I do not see any differ-
ence between taking the vote now and taking
it to morrow.
M. COLE. Well, take it to-night.
Mr. SPEN CER. There will be a full Sen-
ate to-morrow.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Maryland, [Mr. Vickers.]
Mr. ANTHONY. As the Senator from
California has very properly announced that
he will move to take up the sundry civil
appropriation bill to-morrow at twelve o'clock,
I give notice that I shall to-morrow ask the
Senate to proceed to the consideration of the
bill for publishing the Congressional debates,
and I shall urge it whatever may be up at the
time.
Mr. COLE. Then we see that there is the
greater necessity for coming to some determ-
ination on the pending bill to-night; so let us
vote.
Mr. THURMAN. This Utah bill is certain
to pass ; let us pass it to-night.
Mr. COLE. Let us vote.
Mr. CASSERLY. My friend from Ohio
lias shown so much acquaintance with the
caucus, and as to what bills the bottom had
dropped out, and what bills it had not been
knocked out of, and having said that this is
one of the last class, I am very much struck
with his statement that the bill is certain to
pass. I should like him to explain the confi-
dence he has on that point. Did he get into
the caucus of the Administration party of this
body, and if he did how does he justify violat-
ing the secrets of that caucus? [Laughter.]
Mr. THURMAN. The Senator from Cali-
fornia wants to lay a foundation for driving
me out of the Democratic party by proving
that I have been in the caucus of the Radical
party. [Laughter.] I shall not testify against
myself. [Laughter.] I only kn ow that this
bill will pass the Senate; and in view of all
that the Senate has to do, the best thing we
can do is to let the rote be taken on it to-night.
[" Now ?"] Yes. right now.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Maryland, [Mr. Vickers.]
Mr. BAYARD called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered ; and being taken, re-
sulted—yeas IX, nays 27 ; as follows:
TEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Casserly, Cooper, Kelly,
Bansom, Schura, Stevenson, Thurman, Trumbull,
Vickers. and Wilson—11.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Boreman, Bucking-
ham, Caldwell, Carpenter, Chandler, Cole, Conk-
ling, Corbett, Cra«iil, Edmonds, Perry of Michigan,
Jfrelinghuysen. Harlan, Howe. Logan, Morrill of
Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Nye, Sawyer, Scott,
Spencer, Sprague, Stewart, West, Windom, and
Wright—27.
ABSENT—Messrs. Alcorn, Ames, Blair, Brown-
low, Cameron, Clayton, Davis, Fenton, Ferry of
Connecticut, Flanagan, Gilbert, Q-oldthwaite, Ham-
ilton of Maryland, Hamilton of Texas, Hamlin,
Hill, Hitchcock, Johnston, Lewis, Machen, Mor-
ton, Norwood, Osborn. Patterson, Pomeroy, Pool,
Pratt, Ramsey, Rice, Robertson, Saulsbary, Sher-
man, Stockton. Sumner, and Tipton—35.
So the amendment was rejected.
The substitute as amended was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended.
Mr. CASSERLY. There are some amend-
ments that I should like to offer to this bill, and
I feel that in not offering them I have failed
so far in my duty. At the same time we have
had a long session upon this bill; the hour is
late, and the public business is pressing. By
no fault of mine I feel myself constrained to
withhold anything in the way of amendment,
or remarks even, that would detain the Senate
here any longer; but I wish to express my
decided opposition to some of the leading fea-
tures of this bill, and my very great regretand
surprise at the determination of those in charge
of the bill to permit no amendment of features
which I think a large majority of the Senate
are entirely satisfied are at the least of very
doubtful propriety.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment made as in Committee of the Whole as
a substitute for the bill will be considered as
concurred in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I ask if there have been
any amendments to the original bill ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ments have been concurred in.
The bill was read the third time.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think we had better
have the yeas and nays on the passage of the
bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Texas. I am paired
with the Senator from Mississippi, [Mr. Ames.]
He would vote for the bill and I should vote
against it.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 29, nays 10 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Boreman. Buckingham,
Caldwell, Carpenter, Chandler, Clayton, Cole.Uonk-
Img, Corbett, Cragiu, Edmunds, Ferry of Michigan,
ITreiinghuysen, Harian. ilowo, Logan, Morrill of
Maine. Morrill of Vermont, Nye, Osborn, Sawyer,
Scott, Spencer, Stewart,West, Wilson, Windom, and
Wright—-29.
nays—Messrs. Bayard, Casserly, Cooper, Kelly.
Ransom. Schurz, Sprague, Stevenson, Trumbull, and
Vickers—10. ... . ^
ABSENT—Mossrs. Alcorn, Ames, Blair, Brown- 1
low, Cameron, Davis, Fenton, Ferry of Connecticut.
Hlanoo-on flilKayf (XnMlhnraitn IlAtvtSUn.  
Hiuantwa <■>' X(U< , J-i.il.aJliU, Hill, 11H.CUCOCK,
Johnston, Lewis, Machen, Morton, Norwood, Pat-
terson, Pomeroy, Pool, Pratt, Ramsey, Rice, Rob-
ertson, Saulsbary, Sherman, Stockton, Sumner,
Thurman, and Tipton—34.
So the bill was passed.
AMENDMENT TO APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. SAWYER, from the Committee on the
District of Columbia, submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the
bill (H. R. No. 3921) making appropriations
for sundry civil expenses of the Government
for the fiscal year ending Jane 30, 1874, and
for other purposes; which was referred to the
Committee on Appropriations, and ordered to
be printed.
PUBLICATION OF DEBATES.
Mr. COLE. I move that the Senate do now
adjourn.
Mr. ANTHONY. I hope the Senator will
give way for a motion to take up the bill for
publishing the proceedings of Congress.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont That ought
to be done.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The bill ought to be taken
up.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from California withdraw the motion ?
Mr. COLE. The Senators around me im-
portuning me to withdraw the motion, I with-
draw it.
Mr. ANTHONY. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of the joint reso-
lution in regard to publishing the proceedings
of Congress.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I object.
The Chief Clerk read the title to the joint
resolution (H. R. No. 195) providing for the
reporting and publication of the debates of
Congress.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there is
no objection this joint resolution will be re-
garded as before the Senate.
Mr. BAYARD. Is it proposed to press
this bill at the present stage of business in
Ereference to the appropriation bill and the
lOuisiana bill ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. That will be a question
for to-morrow. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
Mr. CASSERLY. I did not hear, nor did
anybody on this side of the Chamber, what took
place in reference to the motion of the Sena-
tor from Rhode Island.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Inasmuch
as the Senator from California says he did not
hear, the Chair will state that the Senator
from Rhode Island was recognized by the
Chair, and moved to proceed to the considera-
tion of the joint resolution, the title of which
has been read, and the Chair put the ques-
tion. There was no objection, and the Chair
announced that it was the subject of considera-
tion, and then a motion to adjourn was made,
and the Chair was about to put that motion.
Mr. CASSERLY. In the disorder in alt
parts of the Chamber we could not understand.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If Senators would take
seats we could understand.
THE PRESIDING OFFICER. It is
moved that the Senate adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and (at twelve
o'clock and twenty-four minutes a. m.) the
Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday. February 26, 1873.
The House met at eleven o'clock a. m.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler,
D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Stmpson,
one of its clerks, announced that the Senate
had passed bills of the following titles ; in
