1816
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February;
which the eoccurrence of the House was
requested:
An act (S. No. 1596) relating to the circuit
and district courts of the United States for the
middle and northern districts of Alabama;
and
An act (S. No. 1597) to change and fix the
time for holding the spring terms of the United
States circu't and district courts in the cities
of Covington and Paducah, in the State of
Kentucky.
The message also announced that the Senate
had passed without amendment House bill of
the following title:
An act (H. R. No. 3972) to authorize the
construction of a railroad and draw-bridge
across the Genesee river, in Monroe county,
New York.
The message further announced that the
Senate had passed a bill of the following title;
with amendments, in which the concurrence
of the House was requested:
An act (H. R. No. 3850) making appropria-
tions for the support of the Army for the year
ending June 30, 1874.
army appropriation bill.
Mr. SARGENT. I move that the Army
appropriation bill, just returned from the Sen-
ate, be printed, with the amendments num-
bered, and be referred to the Committee on
Appropriations.
The motion was agreed to.
credit mobilier.
The House resumed the consideration of the
following resolutions reported by Mr. Poland
from the select Committee on Alleged Bribery
of Members:
1. Whereas Mr. Oakes Ames, a Representative in
this House from the State of Massachusetts, has
been guilty of selling to members of Congress shares
of stock in the Credit Mobilier of America, for prices
much below the true value of such stock, With intent
thereby to inflence the Votes'and deoisions of such
members in matters to be brought before Congress
for action: Therefore,
Resolved, That Mr. Oakes Ames be, and he is
hereby, expellod from his seat as a member of this
House.
2. Whereas Mr. James Brooks, a Representative
in this House from the State of New York, did
procuro the Credit Mobilier Company to Issue and
deliver to Charles H. Noilson.forthe use and benefit
of said Brooks, fifty shares of the ^tock of said
company, at a price much below its real v&'lue, well
knowing that the same was so issued and delivered
with intent to influence the votes and decision? of
said Brooks as a member of the Houso in matters
to be brought before Congress for action, and also
to influence the action of said Brooks as a Govern-
ment director in the Union Pacific Raijroad Com-
pany : Therefore,
Resolved, That Mr. James Brooks be, and he is
hereby, expellod from his seat as a member of this
House.
Mr. POLAND. Before we proceed further
in this debate the committee think that at this
stage of the session, with business so pressing
as it is, we ought now to have some under-
standing in reference to the time when the de-
bate is to close and the vote be taken. So far
as the committee are concerned, they have no
disposition to shorten the debate at all. They
would be willing it should continue during the
whole of the remainder of the session if it
were desired. But the committee, upon a con-
ference this morning, thought under the cir-
cumstances it would not be just for us to let the
debate run beyond this day without giving a
majority of this House an opportunity to determ-
ine whether they desire itto continue further.
I therefore propose at four o'clock this after-
noon to move the previous question and take
the sense of the House as to whether the de-
bate shall terminate. I am quite aware this
will not give time enough for the gentlemen
who desire to speak on this resolution an
opportunity to do so, and so far as tbe com-
mittee are concerned they do not desire to
cut them off; but they think it fair and right
the House should have an opportunity to de-
termine whether they will or not allow the de-
bate to go beyond the time I have mentioned;
that is, four o'clock this afternoon.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ver-
mont gives notice that at four o'clock this
afternoon he will call for the previous question.
Mr. SPEER. I understand the gentle-
man expresses no desire the vote should be
taken.
Mr. POLAND. The committee have no
choice on the subject.
Mr. SPEER. It is merely a motion to the
House.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. I understand the com-
mittee have so decided.
Mr. POLAND. We have decided that we
would take the sense of the House at four
o'clock.
Mr. SPEER. I hope the entire day will be
given to the subject.
Mr. BINGHAM. I beg leave to suggest to
the gentleman from Vermont, chairman of the
special committee, in view of wliat he has stated
touching the action of this committee, whether
it would not be proper at once to declare now,
the previous question having teen ordered, the
debate close to-day, and the vote be taken
immediately after the reading of the Journal
to-morrow, so the House will have $n oppor-
tunity to review the arguments in the Globe
and form a just decision in this matter.
Mr. POLAND. I think the committee
would have no objection to thg,t arrangement
if satisfactory to the House.
Mr. BINGHAM. Then I make that sug-
gestion.
Mr. POLAND. I desire, Mr. Speaker, it
should be put in such form that we should
have the usual hour to close debate on the
part of the committee.
Mr. BINGHAM. I see no objection to that,
but inasmuch as this is a deliberative assem-
bly, acting in the judicial character of judges,
we ought to have the opportunity to deliberate
on what has been said and look upon it in the
official record, so I suggest to the gentleman
the debate be closed at four o'clock.
The SPEAKER. Inasmuch a§ the order
of proceedings is under consideration, the
Chair will state there are various gentlemen
applying for the floor for debate, and if he
assigns the floor as he did yesterday, and as
he will be compelled to under the rule, each
gentleman will be entitled to one hour. There-
fore, in all probability during the time fixed
for the debate but few gentlemen claiming the
recognition of the Chair can be heard. If any
arrangement after the time of those who have
preengaged the floor can be had for a shorter
period than an hour many more gentlemen
might be heard.
Mr. RANDALL. If the gentleman will
allow me to make a suggestion we can come
to a satisfactory conclusion. I make the sug-
gestion that this debate run on during the day,
and the hour to which tbe committee is entitled
shall be awarded to it to-morrow immediately
after the reading of the Journal, and that then
we shall proceed to vote at once.
Mr. BINGHAM. I object to that. We
ought to deliberate after the argument is
closed, according to all usage. I object to
that; I want his argument now, so we may
review it in the Globe in the morning.
Mr. POLAND. If the House is ready to-
night to close the debate and to hear the com-
mittee I am satisfied.
Mr. ELDREDGE. I demand the regular
order of business.
Mr. RANDALL. I will modify my sugges-
tion.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from
Wisconsin demands the regular order of busi-
ness.
The SPEAKER. This is going on by unan-
imous consent. The regular order is the dis-
cussion of the report of the special committee.
Mr. POLAND. If satisfactory to the
House, I am willing the previous question
should be seconded at some hour this evening
or to-morrow morning.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman will
accept a suggestion from the Chair, that might
be determined by the gentleman himself, as
he has the right to be recognized by the Chair
at any time, and the Chair will recognize, )}im
at the conclusion of any gentleman's -spgee.ch
to test the sense of the House on the question.
Mr. MAYNARD. I do not propose to par-
ticipate in this debate, but I suggest to the
gentleman it will be much more satisfactory to
the Houseafterthe arguments addressed on one
side and the other, to limit the debate to ten
minutes.
Mr. TOWNSEND, of New York. Say
fifteen minutes.
Mr. MAYNARD. That is enough to give
the process of reasoning. Say after two
o'clock to-day or after three o'clock.
Mr. BINGHAM. I object to that.
Mr. MAYNARD. My proposition is that
that arrangement may be made after the mem-
bers of the committee who are expecting to
take part in the debate and the specialfriends
of the gentlemen implicated have been heard.
Mr. HALE. I desire to make a suggestion
which I think might be assented to unani-
mously. It is that the debate run on to-day
and this evening after the recess the same as
during the afternoon, with the understanding
that at ten o'clock to-night the chairman of
the committee making the report will move
tbe previous question, or that it shall be con-
sidered as ordered at that time ; that the chair-
man have the hour from ten to eleven o'clock
to close debate, and that the vote be taken
to-morrow morning immediately after the
reading of the Journal.
Mr. POLAND. I have no objection to that
arrangement. . .
The SPEAKER. The proposition now
submitted is that unanimous consent be given
that, at ten o'clock > to-night, the previous
question shall be regarded as seconded ;■ that
the gentleman who reported the resolutions
shall then be entitled to an hoiir to close
debate, and that the House proceed to vote
on the various propositions after the reading
of the Journal to-morrow.
Mr. ELDREDGE. I hope the House will
wait until ten o'clock to-night before making
any arrangement.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Wis-
consin [Mr. Eldredge] objects. The Chair
would remark that it will be in the power of
the chairman of the committee at any time
to move the previous question and take the
sense of the House. Time is often wasted by
attempts to obtain that by unanimous consent
which it is in the power of the majority to do
at any time. It will be at any time in the
power of the majority to second the previous
question ; a two-thirds vote- is not required.
The gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Voorhees]
is entitled to the floor.
Mr. VOORHEES. I yield for a moment to
the gentleman from Maryland, [Mr. Ritchie.]
Mr. RITCHIE. Last night I had intended
to submit for the consideration of the House
a resolution in the nature of a substitute for
the resolutions of the committee. I ask- that
the substitute be read for information, and if
in order I desire to offer it.
The Clerk read as follows:
Resolved, That while tbe proof is not sufficient to
warrant the finding that Messrs. Oakes Ames,
JamesBbooks, Henry L. Dawes, Glenni W.Sco-
eiei,d, John A. Bingham, Wiluam D. Kelley, and
James A. Garfield, members of this House, were,
by reason of their transactions in regard to stock in
the Credit Mobilier, guilty of the offense of bribery, it
nevertheless discloses, in the circumstances attend-
ing the sale, acceptance, and holding of said stock
and receipt of the dividends thereon—said corpora-
tion being intimately connected with and deriving
it'profits from the Union Pacific Railroad Company,
a corporation created by act of Congress, and in
which the United States has a direct pecuniary in-
terest—a state of case calling for emphatic con-
demnation ; and it is hereby declared, as the sense
of this body, that the transactions in stock referred
to were corrupting in tendency, pernicious in exam-
ple, and grossly improper in members of Congress;
and that the members' above named concerned
therein deserve the severe censure and rebuke of
this House; and the same is hereby pronounced
upon them.
