1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
857
fourth part of the business before the court,
and that is day by day accumulating.
I desire to add one further word and I have
done. The passage of this bill will be a saying
of money both to the Treasury of the United
States and to the people of Pennsylvania. My
friend from Pennsylvania [Mr. Speer]_ desires
to say a word in opposition to the hill; but
before yielding to him I will say that I under-
stand that the entire delegation of the State
approve of the bill but him. I now yield to
my friend for five minutes.
Mr. SPEER. The passage of this bill
seems to be very earnestly desired by the gen-
tleman who represents the district in which
the city of Wilkesbarre is located, [Mr. Shoe-
maker;] and if he alone were concerned I
would be very glad to assist him ; but this bill
affects the people of the State, and its passage
would involve a large additional expense, for
which, in my judgment, there is no necessity.
Whatever maybe said of the age or physical
condition of Judge McCandless, it will not be
denied that he is a gentleman of great culture
and dignity of character, atid that he presides
and has presided for many years over the court
in the western district of Pennsylvania with
great ability, impartiality, and fidelity, and
with marked satisfaction alike to suitors and
members of the bar.
Now, I hold in my hand a copy of the Mail,
a daily paper published in Pittsburg, from
which I desire the Clerk to read a brief ex-
tract, showing that there is no necessity for the
passage of this bill and the creation of this
additional district. Courts are now held at
Pittsburg, Erie, and Wiliiamsport, and there
is ample time for the trial of all cases, civil
and criminal. The internal revenue system,
from which much of the business arose, is
gradually passing away, and with the early
repeal of the bankrupt act, which now seems
probable, there will really be no possible neces-
esiiy for the creation of this district. I regret
to he placed in opposition to my colleague,
but fidelity to my own people and to the State
of Pennsylvania required that I should say
this much and have this extract read.
The Clerk read as follows:
''V1 useless expense.—The petitioners for the new
district are mainly the members of the bar of Wil-
iiamsport and Wilkesbarre, and since we last referred
to the scheme two more western counties have been
tacked on to the proposed territory of the 'northern
judicial district' that is to be. The reasons assigned
by the petitioners for this new district, with its
accompanying sinecures, are false and perverted.
The allegation that Luzerne county has furnished
nearly as many case?, uuder the revenue ana.bank-
ruptcy laws, as Allegheny county is so palpably false
that it is only necessary to state that the records of
the western district court show that during last year
two hundred and thirty-eightcases were trorn Alle-
gheny county,while from the fourteen counties of ttie
proposed now district, including Luzerne, the num-
ber of cases was only one hundred and thirty.
Against the petitioners it may be said that during
the last six months of 1872 only nine revenue cases
were instituted in the entiretorty-six counties of the
district. Relativoto thebusiness in the circuit court,
the records show that during the past twelve mont ns
only twenty-nine cases were brought from the four-
teen western counties of the proposed new district,
together with seven other counties. In truth there
is not sufficient business coming before the courts ot
the present judicial districts to keep them employ ed,
and this is patent to every member of the bar in tae
State. r
44 The comparison of the new eastern district of
New York with the proposed new Pennsylvania dis-
trict is unfortunate for the petitioners, for there is
not the remotest similarity, between them so far as
providing judicial business is concerned. The east-
ern district of New York was rendered necessary
because of the increasing business, in the southern
district, and already the new court is fully occupied
with its share of business, arising out of violations
of the customs revenue laws and offenses comimttea
on the high seas as well as civil suits tor the collec-
tion of duties. The new Pennsylvania districtwould
bo wholly inland and would have noadm ralty Ijusi-
ncss for adjudication. It would have really
but a few suitson jrostmaster s bonds, probably.wlucti
would be no additional burden on the western ais
triet court to dispose of. , itis
" As to the object of this new.judicial district, it is
painfully evidont that the project is simply j;o pro-
vide a few sinecures for politicians. No on.o w°< ld
object to this wero it not for the great and
s.'i'ry expense it would entail uijon,tbe GrovelniJieQ -
To maintain a now judioiai district, judging
the cost of the westein district, would leqdire an
annual expenditure of not far short of $100,000, and
this would be a perpetual burden upon the jieo-
ple, for the court could not be abolished after it is
once created. This io exclusive of the cost of erect-
ing and maintains public buildings. We submit
that this expenditure is too great for the luxury of
holding court for a few weeks, and the providing of
fat salaries for ajudge, adistrict attorney, a marshal,
a clerk, and other minor officers."
Mr. SPEER. I ask the yeas and nays on
the passage of the bill.
Mr. ELDREDGE. As a member of the
Committee on the Judiciary, I wish to state
my view of this bill and of the increase which
we are so rapidly making in the judicial dis-
tricts and the United States courts in the sev-
eral States. I have felt that we were going
too fast and too far in that direction. I think
that we are increasing the number of district
courts unnecessarily, and I felt that this in-
crease in Pennsylvania was a case of that kind ;
but the gentleman from Pennsylvania upon
the Judiciary Committee urged it as a neces-
sity, and I must say that X reluctantly con-
sented to the reporting of the bill, though en-
tering my protest against it. If the facts stated
in the newspapers are true, and if, as is prob-
able, the bankrupt law shall be repealed, there
will be no necessity of three judicial districts.
Every other State will be applying for relief,
and we shall be called upon constantly. The
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Bingham] says
that these people have to travel now more than
four hundred miles to reach the courts as they
are held. So they do in the State of Wiscon-
sin, with two judicial districts; and so I sup-
pose they do in many other States. The same
necessity will be found to exist in all the States
of the Union.
Mr. BINGHAM. In reply to my colleague
on the Committee on the Judiciary [Mr. El-
dredge] I desire to say that the majority of
the committee having heard the gentlemen
from Pennsylvania, who are conversant with
the wants of that people, were fully satisfied
that this bill ought to pass, as an act of re-
trenchment, as I said before, both in the inter-
est of the people of Pennsylvania and in the
interest of the Treasury of the United States.
Mr. SPEER. Will the gentleman allow
me 
Mr. BINGHAM. I do not wish to be inter-
rupted now. Let me say further to the gen-
tleman from Wisconsin, that the territory to be
divided by this bill has as much population as
there is in the State of Wisconsin, which has
two districts. I beg leave to say, in reply to
tbe article just read, that for years, under the
law, the judge has had the right to hold a court
at Wiliiamsport; yet that paper comes here in
the local interest of Pittsburg, to the end that
the people of Pennsylvania may be compelled
to travel four hundred miies in order to bring
local patronage to their filace, and seeks to
control the legislation of this House. Sir, the
Congress of the United States ought not to
entertain a suggestion of that sort from any
quarter whatever.
It is useless to establish courts of justice
unless you establish them in such number, and
in such proportion to the whole population
and extent of territory, as will insure speedy
administration of justice. I said before^ that
I have no reflection to cast upon the eminent
gentleman who has so long adorned the posi-
tion of district judge of the United States for
the western district of Pennsylvania. But 1
may remark that I have been advised, and 1
presume that my information is correct, that
by reason of the approach of age he is not
able—however capable and industrious he may
be, he is not able, by reason of physical infirm-
ity, to discharge the burdens laid upon hini in
his official capacity. lam very sure that Judge
McCandless will hajl the passage of this bill
with entire satisfaction.
I am not surprised that my friend from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Speer] should be perfectly
satisfied with tue order of things as now exist-
ing. for he has a court, on his right hand and
a couit on his left hand, aud it will not disturb
the people of Huntingdon county if this bill
should never pass. But he must understand
that there is something of retrenchment ia
the passage of this bill.
Mr. SPEER. The gentlemau labors under
a misapprehension. Under the law as it now
stands there is a court held at Wiliiamsport,
in the western district of Pennsylvania.
Mr. BINGHAM. So I said. And Wiliiams-
port is quite convenient to the gentleman's
town.
Mr. KILLINGER. I desire to correct my
colleague [Mr. Speer] in regard to the Wil-
iiamsport court arrangement. As I understand
it, the law gives to Judge McCandless the dis-
cretion to try causes at Wiliiamsport; but it
is not obligatory at all on the court to hold
that term.
Mr. FOSTER, of Pennsylvania. It is obliga-
tory by law upon Judge McCandless to hold a
court in Wiliiamsport twice a year.
Mr. ELDREDGE. The chairman of tho
Committee on the Judiciary [Mr> Bingham]
has referred to my State as having two judi-
cial districts. That is so; but I believe that
one of them is entirely useless and unneces-
sary ; that one district court would do the
business in that State as perfectly and as
speedily as three district courts could. There
was absolutely no necessity for the establish-
ment of another district court in the State of
Wisconsin when it was done.
Mr. BINGHAM. I have no reflection at
all to cast upon my friend from Wisconsin,
[Mr. Eldredoe,] but I apprehend he aided
to create the second district in bis State, as
I did, too, because it was necessary to secure
the speedy administration of justice.
Mr. RANDALL. There seems to be an
impression in this House that_ the delegation
from Pennsylvania are a unit in favor of this
bill. I wish to correct that impression, and
to say, as one of the delegation, that they are
not a unit. In the next place, I wish to direct
the attention of the House to the fact that this
bill proposes, as I have learned for the first
time this morning, to take some counties from
the Philadelphia district, or what is called, I
believe, the eastern district. Now, what is
the fact as to the business of that eastern dis-
trict? The court is not now occupied more
than one half of the business days of the year.
Mr. BINGHAM. Exactly.
Mr. RANDALL. Why, then, should you
wish to decrease the business in that district,
and create, or assist in creating, a new district
by lopping off these counties from the eastern
district, when the business of that district, as I
am informed, warrants rather the addition of
counties?
Mr. W. R. ROBERTS. What is the ex-
pense yearly of one of these courts? About
$25,000 a year, I suppose.
Mr. RANDALL. There is a judge, a mar-
shal, and a cierk of the court.
Mr. ELDREDGE. And that occasions a
necessity for court-houses, clerk's offices, ffic.
Mr. RANDALL. Yes, sir ; the next thing
we shall hear will be an application for new
public buildings.
Mr. BINGHAM. I call the previous ques-
tion, in order that we may have a vote on this
The previous question was seconded, and
the main question ordered; which was upon
the passage of the bill.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 98, nays 55, not voting
88; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Ambler, Ames, Averill, Banks,
Barnum,Barry, Bingham, Boles, Bttckloy, Buffinton,
Bunnell, Burchard. Burrlett, Roderick It Butler,
(iogblan, Conger, Cox, Critcbor, Crocker, Donnan,
Duell, Dunnell, Eames, Sly, Finkelnburg, Charles
Foster, Frye, Garfield, Garrett, Goliaday, Halsey,
George E. Harris, Havens, Joseph R. H&wley, -Hay,
Hays, John W. Hazelton, Hill, Hoar, Hooper, Kel-
logg, Ketcbam. Killinger, King, Lamport, LmcIi,
Muyn.ird, McGnrmiek, McGrew, MeJunkin. j-u('*~
riarn, Mitchell, Moore, Morey, Orr, l aonard. P«cl.er,
Palmer, lease V. Parker.
Poland, Ellis H. Roberts, Busk, Uirgeut, b&wjer,
