858
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 25,
Shanks, Sheldon, Shellabarger, Shoemaker, Stater,
Sloss, II. Boardman Smith, John A. Smith, Worth-
ington C. Smith, Snapp, Sprague, Starkweather,
Stevenson, Stowell, St. John, Sypher, Turner,
Twichell, Tyner, Upson, Vaughan, Voorhees, Wake-
man, Walden, Wnldron, Wallace, Wheeler, Whit-
thorne, Willard, Williams of Indiana, and Jeremiah
SI. Wilson—98.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Arthur. Barber, Beatty,
Erasmus W. Beck, James B. Beck, Bell. Biggs. Bird,
Boarman, Carroll, Crebs, Crossland, Davis, Dodds,
Dox, DuBose, Eldredge, Farnsworth, Henry D. Fos-
tor, Giddings, Griffith, Hale, Hancock, Handley,
Hanks, Harper, John T.Harris, Hereford, Herndon,
Hibbard, Kerr, Lewis, Maclntyre, McClelland, Me-
Henry, Mitchell, Niblack, Perry, Potter, Price,
Rainey, Randall, Read, Edward Y. Rice, William
R. Roberts, Sion H. Rogers, Shober, Speer, Terry,
Tuthill, Waddell, Wells, Winchester,and Young—55.
NOT VOTING —Messrs. Acker, Archer, Bigby,
Austin Blair, James G. Blair. Braxton. Bright,
Brooks, Benjamin F. Butler, Caldwell, Campbell,
Clarke, Cobb, Coburn, Coiaingu, Conner, Cotton,
Creely, Darrall, Dawes, De Large, Dickey, Duke,
Elliott, Esty, Farwell, Forker. Wilder D. Foster,
Getz, Goodrich, Haldeman, Hambleton, Harmer,
John B. Ilawley, Gerry W. Hazelton, Holman,
Houghton, Kelley, Kendall, Kinsella, Lamison,
Lansing, Lowe, Lynch, Manson, Marshall, McCrary,
McKee, McKinney, McNeely, Merrick, Benjamin
F. Meyers, Monroe, Morgan, Morphis, Leonard
Myers, Negley, HoseaW. Parker, Peck, Perce, Por-
ter, Prindle, John M. Rice,Ritchie, Robinson, John
Rogers, Roosevelt, Scofield, Seeley, Sessions, Sher-
wood, SJocum, Snyder, Stevens, Storm, Stoughton,
Sutherland, Swann, Taffe, Thomas, Dwight Town-
send, Washington Townsend, Van Trump, Walls,
Warren, Whiteley, Williams of New York, John T.
Wilson, and Wood—88.
So the bill was
Mr. BINGHAM moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
cl1suk of district supreme court
Mr. BINGHAM, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, reported, with a recommendation
that it pass, a bill to regulate the salary of the
clerk of the supreme court of the District of
Columbia; which was read a first and second
time.
The bill provides that the clerk of the
supreme court of the District of Columbia may
retaiu, out of the emoluments of his office, for
his own compensation, the same amount which
by existing law is allowed to the United States
district attorney and marshal for the district,
out of the emoluments of their offices, for their
compensation respectively, being the same
compensation which was allowed by law to the
clerk of the late circuit court of the District.
Mr. KERR. This bill is so indefinite in its
terms that I would like very much to have it
explained, so that we may know what this
salary may reasonably be expected to amount
to under the bill.
Mr. BINGHAM. I have this to say to the
gentleman, that it will depend entirely upon
the emoluments of his office under the fee bill.
In any event it will not exceed $0,000. He
now lcceives, under the present limitation of
the law, S3,500 ; and I think myself a clerk
competent to discharge the duties of this
office in the supreme court of the District
of Columbia, if the emoluments of his office
amount to that much, it ought to be allowed to
him.
Mr. KERR. What is the present compen-
sation ?
Mr. BINGHAM. About$3,500. It is lim-
ited by law to that amount. In my judgment
it is not sufficient for a elerk competent to dis-
charge the duties of this office.
Mr. KERR. Then it is proposed by this
bill to increase it from $3,500 to $0,000?
Mr. BINGHAM. That is if the fees of his
office will give him that amount.
Mr. FARNSW ORTH. Is this $3,500 which
he now receives exclusive of the amount which
is paid to the deputy clerk?
Mr. BINGHAM. I think not. I think it
is all the salary he gets.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Is he required to
employ a deputy elerk ?
Mr. BINGHAM. There is no provision in
this bill about a deputy clerk. He is respons-
ible tor the discharge of the duties of this
office himself, and the limitation of law now is
that the salary shall not exceed $3,500 ; which
is not sufficient.
Mr. KERR. What is the law in this Dis-
trict in reference to this clerk's office? It
seems to me this is a bill which ought not to
pass. It is entirely too indefinite in its terms.
Mr. BINGHAM. I withdraw the bill.
paschal's annotated constitution.
Mr. BINGHAM. Now, Mr. Speaker, I am
directed by the Committee on the Judiciary to
report the following resolution, which I hope
will be adopted by the House. It is a resolu-
tion to authorize the purchase of Paschal's
Annotated Constitution of the United States.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I make the point
of order that that is not a private bill.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will read the
resolution.
The Clerk read as follows:
Resolved, That the Clerk of the House of Repre-
sentatives be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to purchase for the use of the House, and for
distribution to the members thereof, from George
W. Paschal, ten thousand copies of the new edition
of Paschal's Annotated Constitution, at SI 25 per
copy, to be paid from the contingent tund of the
House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of the im-
pression it is a private resolution.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I did not hear
it read at the time. I raised the point because
we had other private bills to present.
Mr. BINGHAM. Mr. Speaker, any gentle-
man who has looked at this work knows it is
an aid really to every Representative in Con-
gress. It contains a very clear and satisfac-
tory note of every importaut ruling made by
your Supreme Court, in exposition of every
provision of the Constitution of the country, so
far as it has ever been made. No more valu-
able contribution can bo made by the House.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I desire to say,
Mr. Speaker, that I quite agree with my friend
as to the value of Paschal's Annotated Con-
stitution of the United States, but I hope the
gentleman will consent to so amend the reso-
lution as to allow each member to pay for a
copy of this book for himself, and not appro-
priate over $10,000 for that purpose. It
looks very much to me like favoring one
man's book. I do not mean that it is done in
any such way by my colleague, the chairman
of the Committee on the Judiciary. Tiiere is
no reason why we should appropriate this sum
of money because it is a good book. There
are other books of a purely national import-
ance, of historical importance, which it might
be proper for members to have as well as
this Paschal's Annotated Constitution.
Mr. DAWES. What is the ground on
which the purchase of this book is recom-
mended? Is it because we need it and cannot
pay for it, or because the publisher would like
to sell the book to the Government?
Mr. BINGHAM. Now, thegentleman from
Massachusetts is not so oblivious of all the
past legislation on this subject. No one knows
better than he does on what ground such
appropriations have heretofore been made.
Mr. DAWES. I think I do.
Mr. BINGHAM. Yes; I say no one knows
better than the gentleman from Massachusetts.
Mr. DAWES. 1 think I do; but 1 did not
know but my friend from Ohio would give us
some new ground for the adoption of such a
resolution.
Mr. BINGHAM. When a gentleman thinks
he does and knows he does, it is a work of
supererogation for him to go on making any
further reply.
Mr. DAWES. I move to lay the resolu-
tion on the table.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has not
the floor to make that motion.
Mr. BINGHAM. Theie is a wonderful
exhibition here of virtue all at once. [Laugh-
ter.] I undertake to say, of all the publica-
tions ever authorized to bo distributed by the
Congressofthe UnitedStates, no appropriation
for such a purpose was ever made from the
foundation of this Government that was more
beneficial to the people of the United States,
more advantageous to the interest of the United
States, than that made for the distribution of
a law work known as Hickey's Constitution.
This work, however, differs from that in this
respect, that it contains the rulings of your
courts upon the most important questions that
have arisen under the Constitution of the
country, while the other has no reference
whatever to them; none at all. Now I call
the previous question.
The SPEAKER. And pending the call for
the previous question the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] moves that the
resolution be laid on the table.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I would like to be
allowed to offer an amendment.
Mr. COX. Let the resolution be again re-
ported.
The resolution was again read.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I desire unanimous
consent to offer an amendment to which I am
sure lio gentleman will object.
Mr. BINGHAM. I object to any amend-
ment coming in by unanimous consent.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I think that is a
very good book, but 
Mr. McGREW. Is debate in order?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. McGREW. I object to debate.
Mr. COX. I desire to make a parliament-
ary inquiry.
The SPEAKER. Be sure that it is one.
[Laughter.]
Mr. COX. I desire to inquire of the Chair
whether it will be in order to move an amend-
ment to the bill to reduce the tariff on books
generally ?
The SPEAKER. It would not. Pending
the consideration of a resolution of a private
nature it would not be in order to ingraft a
public provision thereon.
The question was on ordering the resolution
to be laid on the table ; and being taken, it
was agreed to.
So the resolution was laid on the table.
john h. reagan.
Mr. SHOEMAKER, from the Committee on
the Judiciary, reported back, with the recom-
mendation that it do pass, the bill (II. R. No.
3092) to remove the legal and political dis-
abilities of John H. Reagan, of Anderson
county, Texas.
The bill was read.
The SPEAKER. The petition accompany-
ing the bill will also be read.
The Clerk read as follows :
The petition of John II. Reagan, a citizen of the
county of Anderson, ill the State of Texas, respect-
fully makes known that he is, by the Constitution
and laws of the United States, laboring under dis-
abilities from the tact that he took part with the
confederates in the late war against the Government
of the United States. Your petitioner further rep-
resents that since the clo*e of the war he has
performed all the duties incumbent upon him as a
citizen of the United States and has discountenanced
any and all disloyalty thereto; and ho has been
since that time, and now is, loyal to said Govern-
ment, willing and determined to labor there!or:
wherefore, your petitioner prays that his disabili-
ties may bo removed so tha t ho may be exempt
from taking the test-oath; and so will ever pray.
JOHN II. REAGAN.
December 4,1872.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it
was accordingly read the third time, and
passed, two thirds voting in favor thereof.
Mr. SHOEMAKER moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
represent ati vics 01' mary 110bbinr.
Mr. ELDRBDGE, from the ComioiUoe on
the Judiciary, reported a bill (H. R. No. 3030)
lor the rehet of the personal representatives
of Mary Robbins, deceased, who was the
