1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1819
transient good. I have, as will be observed,
avoided all expression of opinion as to the
guilt or innocence of any of the accused.
When I determined that I could not lawfully
sit as their judge, I did not feel at liberty to try
to influence the judgment either of the courts
or constituencies that may decide on the
merits. The proof is before the country;
Congress has done its whole duty in furnishing
the evidence. Those who can, without usurp-
ation or danger to public liberty and represent-
ative government, may deal with individuals
as justice may seem to demand.
But I will say that if Mr. Ames should do
in this Congress the acts that he did in the
Fortieth Congress I would vote to expel him
instantly. Let any other man be guilty of
improper and corrupt conduct in this Congress
ana no man will go further than myself to
purge this body of him. But I will not admit
what has never been before asserted, that we
can go behind the election of a man or the
means used to procure it in order to expel
him; for I include all wrongful means taken
to procure an election as coming within our
rightful power of censure or expulsion of a
member.
The gentleman from Vermont [Mr. Po-
land] said that there was 110 precedent against
this proceeding. Why, sir, it is childish to talk
in that way. There is no precedent for it. All
the history of the country, in Congress and in
the courts, and in the State Legislatures where
the power of impeachment or expulsion has
been exerised, fails to show a case where any
such exercise of authority as is now proposed
was attempted. There is no precedent against
the proposition that two thirds of the House
may expel a man merely because he is red-
headed. Why? Because nobody ever at-
tempted any such foolish thing. But there
are precedents to show that dozens of men,
hundreds of men have been expelled or im-
peached for offenses committed during the
term for which they were elected, while none
have been ever called to account for offenses
committed previously.
The precedents are all one way. The ab-
sence of a precedent in favor of the proceed-
ing here proposed shows that it is the usurpa-
tion of a power not granted. And because
the people are clamoring for victims, because
just indignation is excited, I will not in the
present ease take action which may warrant
the dominant party at any time hereafter in
exercising in the most oppressive way powers
which have never been conferred upon this
House. No leading man in all the South will
ever sit in these Halls while the now dominant
party has two thirds majority if the Democratic
party sanction and sustain the power now
asserted and proposed to be exercised.
I discard as wholly unworthy of consider-
ation on this trial the suggestion that, while
we cannot expel members for acts committed
before this Congress came into existence,
we may and ought to do so because some ot
the parties accused have sworn falsely relative
to the matters inquired of before our com-
mittee. First, because the special committee
were neither instructed to report upon, nor
have they reported upon, the truth or false-
hood of any statements made before them ;
second, because no charge of perjury has
been preferred against any member of the
House, and the House ought not and cannot,
legally expel a member for any offenses which
he is not charged to be guilty of, and as against
which he has had no opportunity to introduce
testimony, prove his innocence, or make de-
fense. It is unworthy of the dignity, justice,
and honesty of the House to shift the issue
oil which the trial was had, and without a
charge and without a hearing expel men for
something they were not advised till on final
trial that they would even be required to
answer to.
[Here the hammer fell.!
Mr FLAT! I move that the rules be sus-
pended so that ladies unable to find admission
in the galleries may be admitted to the floor.
Mr. VOORHEES. I yield for that motion,
if it does not come out of my time.
The SPEAKER. It does not.
The question being taken on the motion of
Mr. Platt, there were—ayes 88, noes 49.
Mr. YOUNG called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Young and
Mr. Platt were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 96, noes 52.
So (two thirds not voting in favor thereof)
the motion of Mr. Platt was not agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from In-
diana [Mr. Voorhees] is entitled to the floor
for forty minutes. The Chair appeals to mem-
bers to preserve order, and reminds them that
yesterday there was not the slightest trouble in
maintaining quiet in the Hall, while to-day it
seems a matter well nigh impossible, although
none but members and those entitled to ad-
mission are on the floor.
Mr. HOAR. I ask unanimous consent that
those seats in the diplomatic gallery not now
filled may be occupied by the families of mem-
bers.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has ordered
those seats to be reserved to day, because yes-
terday, as the Doorkeeper reports, fifteen or
twenty members of the diplomatic corps sought
admission after the seats were filled and were
unable to obtain it.
Mr. HOAR. We have now reacted an hour
when it is entirely safe to make the order.
Mr. KILLINGER. Oh, no !
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that if
members of the diplomatic corps are entitled
to the courtesy of admission, they are entitled
by the same courtesy to select the time when
they will come.
Mr. YOORHEES addressed the House in
remarks which will appear in the Appendix.
The SPEAKER. A rule of the House
strictly forbids any manifestation of applause
on the part of those in the galleries, and they
direct the Speaker to order the galleries to be
cleared if that rule is violated.
Mr. NIBLACK, of Indiana. I will yield
fifteen minutes of my time to the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Stevenson.]
Mr. STEVENSON. This is not a criminal
court, this is not a criminal trial, although
criminal lawyers so argue the matter and seem
so to consider it. If it had been a criminal
trial one of the parties charged would not have
been permitted to draw the indictment, nor
would he have been permitted to name a man
to select the committee, nor would he havebeen
sitting in the chief seat of judgment while the
cause is being tried. This is a legislative inquiry.
Nor has the committee which has examined the
case treated it as a criminal trial. We are
admonished in the administration of criminal
law to temper justice with mercy. This com-
mittee has tempered mercy with justice. They
have found only what they were compelled to
find. They have sought nothing. There has
been no prosecutor on the committee, nor has
the spirit of prosecution appeared in the com-
mittee.
We are now here to consider the report,
extorted by the unquestioned facts_ from a
reluctant committee, and well they might have
been reluctant. What was this charge? It
involved the Vice President and the Vice
President-elect, the Speaker of this House,
and the chairmen of the most important Com-
mittees of this House ; it involved the House
itself in its very organization and corporate
existence. And I am not disposed to blame
the committee when they found all these
leviathans of the great deep in their net that
they were not quite able to haul them all into
their little tub.
What is this question ? It is a question of
an enormous fraud upon the Governmentof
the United States, a fraud which, according
to the report of a select committee of this
House, seems to have put into the pockets of
certain men, some of whom have all the while
been occupying seats on this floor, the enorm-
ous sum of $43,000,000.
Mr. HOAR. Will the gentleman 
Mr. STEVENSON. I cannot be interrnpted
by anybody. The amount of securities which
this fraud has placed in the possession of these
men is $43,000,000. If they were not worth
one hundred per cent, of their face, it was"
because the frauds of their owners dep'reci ted
them. But according to the report of the
committee they realized $23,000,000 in cash.
I refer to the table and the report of the com-
mittee of which the honorable gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Wilson] is chairman, on pages
14 and 15.
And this is but a part of a great system of
fraud ; it is only the outcropping, the surface
indications of a vast system of fraud by which
there have been turned into the hands and
pockets of citizens, private and official, within
the last decade, the value of 200,000,000
acres of public lands and over $60,000,000
in cash. The value of that land according
to the statements of land-grant railroad com-
panies is to-day not less than $1,000,000,000.
This is the most mammoth robbery everprac-
ticed on any Government or people; and how
has it been done ? In part by legislation, con-
gressional and State, chiefly congressional. The
influence of the lobby has been brought to bear.
Members have been interested, ex-members
and members-elect, until it seems to be the
common apprehension among the people that
we have made auction-rooms of our legisla-
tive halls; and I believe more property has
passed under yonder gavel than has been
knocked down under the hammers of auction-
eers in all the world.
How has this been done, how has this par-
ticular fraud been successfully consummated ?
Mainly by the suppression of inquiry on the
part of Congress. That has been found to be
the object of the leading men perpetrating this
fraud, the suppression of inquiry. The chief
offender—and I speak of no man personalty, [
have had the greatest respect for all—the chief
offender is shown to have sold his stock far
below its true value to twelve leading men in
Congress, and to have offered it to two more;
fourteen cases proven ; and he chose well; he
laid his hand, whether to bless or to ban, on
the heads of the coming men. He prophesied
the organization of the Forty-First and Forty-
Second Congresses. He knew his men. Brs
letters and statement show where he was plac-
ing the stock ; they show with what persever-
ance he endeavored to place it; how in the case
of one who refused to take it he trebled the
amount first offered before he finally failed.
His highest rate was $3,000 and his lowest
was $1,000. He began in his efforts at Maine;
he came to New Hampshire, to Massachusetts,
to New York, New Jersey, Pennsylvania; to
Ohio, to Indiana, to Illinois, to Iowa; and from
that on he and his associates owned the coun-
try without purchase. A cordon of corruption
sweeping from Maine to California J
And, sir, he succeeded. Tell me not that
this was a failure. It has been the grandest
success ever achieved among men by snch
economical application of means: And! have
the documents here to prove it.
Mr. FRYE. I would like to ask the gentle-
man one question,
Mr. STEVENSON. I have not time to
yield for questions. I have all these books
before me to refer to. [Laughter. ]
Mr. FRYE. The gentleman had better
confine himself to the books and the truth.
Mr. STEVENSON. If the gentleman knows
the truth better than I do, I hope he will Have
an opportunity to tell it.
Mr. BANKS. I object to these interrup-
tions.
The SPE AKE R. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Stevenson] is entitled to proceed with-
out interruption.
