1822
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 26,
view of the question of jurisdiction, I agreed
to the resolutions for the expulsion of the
gentleman from Massachusetts and the gen-
tleman from New York, leaving the questions
pertaining to the other matters, so far as I am
personally concerned at all events, still open
questions.
My colleague, who preceded me during the
last hour of this discussion, [Mr. Voorhees,]
has placed some stress upon the proposition
that for the committee to arrive at the con-
clusions at which they did, they must of neces-
sity find a great number of gentlemen guilty
of perjury.
Now, Mr. Speaker, that does not follow as
a legal consequence by any means. Finding
a fact contrary to the testimony of a particular
person does not necessarily imply that we
think that person guilty of perjury. We are
all inclined to place findings of that kind upon
a more charitable ground. But I think the
importance of the circumstances by which we
are surrounded, the peculiar nature of this
investigation, the remarkable developments
which have been made during its progress,
warrant me in making a statement upon that
question which will, to some extent at least,
justify the position of the committee in the
caution it has manifested, and operate as an
apology in the minds of some gentlemen who
think we have not gone quite far enough.
In my judgment we had to wade through
almost an ocean of perjury during our in-
vestigation. I do not pretend to say on this
occasion, nor is it proper I should pretend to
say, who I think has been guilty of perjury.
In this statement I intend to be entirely imper-
sonal. That matter I submit to the considera-
tion of the House and of the country. ■ Every
gentleman who reads the report of the testi-
mony will have the amplest opportunity to
decide the question for himself. Realizing,
then, this condition of things by which we
were surrounded, feeling conscious that we
could not and dare not believe a great deal
that was testified before us under the solem-
nity of an oath, wc felt it our duty from the
first to proceed with the utmost caution; and
so far as some of the leading witnesses are
concerned, I feel no hesitation in saying that
we only found in favor of what they testified
when they were corroborated by circumstances
or by some other witnesses. And I think I
am justified in saying further that we found no
single fact of importance upon the testimony of
any single man when that testimony was seri-
ously controverted or opposed by some other
witness of good appearance or fair repute.
We always required some corroborating cir-
cumstances in order to turn the scales when
there was a serious conflict of testimony.
Under these circumstances, proceeding in
this cautious way, as I think we were justified
in doing, the committee came to the conclusion
that the guilt of the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, Mr. Ames, and of the gentleman
from New York, Mr. Brooks, was so clearly
established as to call for the extreme action
which we have recommended.
I have not time to go over the testimony;
that has already been sufficiently done. Even
if my time permitted i would not be disposed
to do so at any great length, it being an un-
pleasant task to attempt a work of supereroga-
tion in such a melancholy proceeding. Bat,
sir, there are one or two views of this case
with regard to the gentleman from Massachu-
setts to which I do feel justified in referring,
more particularly in view of the statement
which he caused to be read at the Clerk's
desk yesterday as a part of his defense. He
does not deny, has never denied, either upon
his oath or in any other solemn manner, so
far as I am aware, that he wrote the letters
published in the testimony—the celebrated
McComb letters. But he claims in his de-
fense read yesterday that he wrote those let-
ters for another purpose than that for which
they purported to be written; that they were
designed to give a reason why he should dis-
pose of the stock under his control to his
friends rather than the friends of Mr. Mc-
Ccrmb and the other stockholders in the Credit
Mobilier.
If I understood the purport of that defense,
it amounts simply to this: that those letters
were written for the purpose of misleading
Mr. McComb, for the purpose of making an
impression upon his mind that he (Ames) was
doing the best that was possible under all the
circumstances with this stock for the interests
of both; that he was bribing members of Con-
gress with it, when in truth such was not the
case, but was a mere pretense on his part.
Now, Mr. Speaker, instead of that being any
justification, I think it is but an aggravation
of the offense. Every gentleman of long ser-
vice here knows that an old dodge of lobbyists,
of men prowling around the purlieus of Con-
gress seeking to gain a livelihood by the con-
tributions which they can extort from those
who have important legislation pending before
the two Houses, is to pretend, in the first
place, that with money they can exercise great
influence upon members of Congress, and in
the next place, after receiving money under
these pretenses, to claim that they have ex-
ercised great influence, and have expended
large sums of money in exercising this influ-
ence over members of Congress, whent in
point of fact, perhaps they never spoke to any
member of Congress on the subject. They
simply extort money under false pretenses.
Mr. Ames, therefore, in this explanation
of his makes himself appear as playing the
rOle of an ordinary lobbyist, pretending to be
exercising an improper influence on members
of this House, when now he claims and pre-
tends he never attempted to exercise any such
influence at all, and that was a mere pre-
tense to keep Mr. McComb in ignorance and
to impress on his mind the fact he was render-
ing service to the company, of which both were
stockholders, in what he was doing here.
There is another very remarkable thing in
regard to this statement of Mr. Ames, to which
I will call attention also, and that is his claim
in what he did he is no more guilty than other
members of Congress to whom he sold this
stock. What the truth in regard to this mat-
ter may be, Mr. Speaker, I do not pretend to
know, for with all the diligence, with all the
care and industry which the committee were
able to exercise I do not pretend to claim we
have at all developed the whole history of this
transaction. We are still able to take only a
very superficial view of the transactions be-
tween Mr. Ames and other members of this
Congress.
But, sir, Mr. Ames ought to remember at
least he confessed himself guilty of improper
practices on this House by letters which he
confesses to be genuine ; and while thus con-
fessing to be carrying ou apparently ordinary
business operations by affecting this House
when brought on the stand to testify in regard
to these transactions in reference to these
other gentlemeu, he testifies to the committee
explicitly, in dealing with them, he did not
make a full explanation to them of the nature
and operations of this Credit Mobilier of
America, whose stock he is so anxious to place
in the hands of members of Congress. While
therefore admitting himself to be guilty of a
gross impropriety, of a gross invasionof the
privileges of this House, he at the same time
exculpated these gentlemen so far as his testi-
money went of a guilty knowledge of his pur-
pose.
Therefore I say, as a matter of common
fairness, he ought to look to the extraordinary
position he occupies before the House, that
while endeavoring to exculpate himself now
he endeavors to inculpate others, when in
truth and in fact it is his own testimony to a
very great extent which affects his own status
on one side and the status of these gentlemen
on the other. He himself, in his own testi-
mony, makes a particular distinction, a broad
distinction between himself and these other
gentlemen. He shows he was cognizant of
the transactions of the Credit Mobilier and
the nature of its operations, whereas he dem-
onstrates by his own testimony he did not ex-
plain further to the members whom he asked
to take stock than that he would guaranty
them a certain per cent, if they would pur-
chase it.
Now I repeat, proceeding in this_ cautious
way over this terrible conflict of testimony as
we had to do, giving almost every point which
became important to the real questions sub-
mitted to our consideration, we felt safe in
going just so far as we did in recommending
the expulsion of two gentlemen only, showing
to the House, so far as intent is concerned, so
far as guilty knowledge is involved, so far as
guilty participation in the purpose of their
actions has been developed before the com-
mittee, that we were not able to find these
gentlemen were influenced by corrupt motives.
That is all we say ; it is all we felt it our duty to
say: and so far as I am personally concerned,
it is all I intend to be understood as saying in
our report.
I do not feel it my duty to go further than
call the attention of the House to the fact that
we have inquired as to the conduct of these
gentlemen and condemned it from every stand-
point except from that which presumes a cor-
rupt motive and improper participation in the
guilty knowledge of Mr. Ames. If the House
shall desire to go further and to be more
severe, the committee will not feel aggrieved.
I shall only refer for a moment to the case
of Mr. Brooks, and have this much to say in
addition to what has been said, and said per-
haps sufficiently, that one of the most signifi-
cant views of this case as presented to my mind
is the fact that Mr. Neilson's testimony bore
more severely on him in some respects than
that of any other witness. He is contradicted
by Mr. Neilson on many matters material to
this inquiry. When my colleague complained
that we did not open the door a second time
and a third time and a fourth time perhaps for
reconsideration of this case, we might hold
that considering the contents of his letter sub-
mitted to us we came to the conclusion the
committee had considered sufficiently the
points embraced in it, and did not desire to go
into the discussion of them again unless in
connection with some newly discovered testi-
mony.
Now, Mr. Speaker, time will not permit me
to go further into the facts in regard to each
particular case embraced in the report of the
committee. For my own part, I do not regard
the action of this House, its ultimate action as
to whether anybody shall be expelled or not,
as being of so much importance to this House,
or to the country either, as many here seem to
regard it. That it is of the utmost importance
to the individuals involved I concede. To them
it is everything. To them, sir, it involves
nearly all that is dear to a public man.
But I think the greatest service which this
committee has performed has been the develop-
ment of the facts brought out in the evidence
upon which the report of the committee has
been based. Whatever the action of this House
may be, the country will not fail to consider
the developments thus made, and to be in-
fluenced I trust in the future, to be influenced,
too, for the good of all, by the disclosures thus
brought out. I think it our duty to do firmly
and resolutely whatever we feel that we can
safely do under the testimony without entering
upon the region of speculation, merely theor-
izing in the absence of positive testimony, or
that testimony which operates conclusively
upon the human mind.
In the discharge, sir, of my duties as a
member of this committee, and I think I can say
