864
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 25,
cut off, and let the people of this country
know that this Government will not deal
either generously or justly with its citizens.
This man<has been reduced to beggary, the
last vestige of his property having been taken
from him, and he has been pleading here for
years for this Congress to do him justice.
The gentleman from Indiana speaks of the
soldier. The soldier! Why, sir, the soldier
made a contract with the Government, agree-
ing to serve the Government for thirteen dol-
lars a month originally, that amount being
afterward increased. He complied with his
contract and the Government complied with
its. But here is a man who did a service to
the Government which General Burnside says
was worth twenty times the amount paid hira.
His own language is that $2,000 was no com-
pensation, that it was not intended as compen-
sation, that the services rendered were worth
twenty times as much as Sawyers received.
And General Burnside is a better judge of the
services of that man than a member of Con-
gress can be, from whatever district he may
come, who does not know the facts connected
with the case.
I appeal to my friends on this side of the
House, after we have been paying claims of
the character we have been paying here,
claims with not much certainty about them, I \
appeal to gentlemen to stand by a loyal and
patriotic man who saved to the country and to
our Government $200,000 worth of railroad
stock alone, the Government now holding the
bond of the East Tennessee and Virginia Rail-
road Company for it. I trust the amendment
will not be adopted.
Mr. H ARRIS, of Mississippi. I now yield to
the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Garrett. ]
Mr. GAHRETT. Mr. Chairman, 1 only
want to occupy'a very few minutes in the dis-
cussion of this bill. It seems to me that
while it may possibly be true that Mr. Sawyers
might not be entitled to pay for certain ser-
vices rendered during the war, the gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. Kerr] is very badly mis-
taken when he says he is entitled to no pay-
ment ; because it is shown by the proof that
more than $3,000 worth of commissary stores
and provisions were furnished by Mr. Sawyers
to the United States Army and used by them.
I have been investigating, to some extent,
this case during the last year, having known
Mr. Sawyers here in the city of Washington.
My district having been changed so that his
county has been thrown into it, I made in-
quiries not only of Mr. Sawyers's political
lriends, but of his political enemies—because I
wish to do justice not only to Mr. Sawyers but
to the United States in every case on which I
am called upon to act—and both his political
friends and his political enemies stated that
this claim is entirely just, and that the amount
asked for in the bill will not pay Mr. Sawyers
for half the losses he sustained or the services
which he rendered during the war to the Gov-
ernment of the United States.
You, Mr. Chairman, as well as myself, were
in Tennessee during a great deal of the time,
and passed through the same ordeal, and know
something about what men suffered there in
defending the Government of the United States
whether as soldiers or as citizens. If the time
has come in the history of the country when
this Congress is willing to sit here and to say
that no man shall be paid for services ren-
dered during the war to the Government, or
for property taken by the Federal Army and
used in defense of the Government of the
United States, simply because there are per-
haps fifty thousand, as the gentleman from
Indiana stated, or one hundred thousand
claims of a like character which may come
before Congress, then I say that we should
simply repudiate all our debts and pay none
of them at all. If we are to repudiate these
claims we may just as well repudiate our bonds
or any other debt contracted by the Govern-
ment of the United States during the war.
The time may come in the history of the
country when the Government may need the
services of men who happened to live in States
that were not directly in the Union. In case
it should, few men would feel like sacrificing
their property or their time in defeuse of the
Government, if they knew they were never to
be paid. I am fully satisfied that if gentlemen
upon this floor knew as much of the facts in
the case as I do, there would not be one vote
in the House against the passage of this bill.
Mr. HARRIS, of Mississipi, resumed the
floor.
Mr. BUCKLEY. Will the gentleman from
Mississipi allow me to ask hiin a question?
Mr. HARRIS, of Mississipi. Certainly.
Mr. BUCKLEY. What was the value of
the commissary and quartermaster's stores
found to have been taken from Mr. Sawyers ?
Mr. HARRIS, of Mississippi. Little over
$3,000.
Mr. KERR. The amount is stated in the
report at $8,175.
Mr. BUCKLEY. It seems to me that if
the committee find the facts proven the claim
has merit.
Mr. HARRIS, of Mississippi. The position
of the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Kerr]
is that he should not be paid for the services
which he rendered.
Mr. KERR. I understand that he has been
compensated for his personal services.
Mr. HARRIS, of Mississippi. Oh! not at
all ; not at a'l.
The CHAIRMAN. It is proper for the
Chair to state that the gentleman from Mis-
sissippi is entitled to the floor if he insists
upon it. This debate has been going on by
his consent.
Mr. HARRIS, of Mississippi. 1 shall oc-
cupy the floor for a few minutes.
Mr. KERR. I hope the debate will be
allowed to run on a little longer. This i#
a sufficiently important subject to elicit some
debate: it is an initial case of the kind.
Mr. HARRIS, of Mississippi. I do not
regard this as an initial case of the kind. Sev-
eral claims of this nature have been paid by
Congress at the present session, if I am not
mistaken. This is a claim for commissary
stores taken by the Army, and also for valuable
and extraordinary services rendered by Mr.
Sawyers; not rendered by him as a soldier, but
as a private citizen.
The facts of the case are briefly these:
When General Burnside's army was at Mount
Vernon, Kentucky, Mr. Sawyers left his home
and proceeded to Kentucky, and there met
General Burnside, who was contemplating
moving into East Tennessec. The proof shows
that it would at that time have been impossible
for him to have subsisted his army in Tennessee
without the use of the Tennessee railroad and
its rolling-stock, and it was important to ob-
tain the services of some person who under
stood the country and could go forward and
secure possession of the road. General Burn-
side employed Mr. Sawyers to do this work,
and he proceeded at night on foot for more
than a hundred miles, penetrating the enemy's
country until he reached Newmarket; arid
there, at great peril to his life—for it is proved
that if he had been caught by the confederates
he would have been hung—he burnt a bridge,
thus securing to General Burnside's army the
entire rolling-stock and machinery of the road.
As the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Bdt-
i.er] has stated, there was taken an invoice
of the rolling-stock, machinery, and everything
taken possession of by General Burnside,
amounting, I think, to about $210,000. The
Government of the United States sold this
property back to the railroad company for
$200,000, and has received or is now receiving
the pay for the property saved through the
efforts of Mr. Sawyers.
The gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Kerr]
says that Mr. Sawyers ought not to be paid the
$15,000 for this service, to say nothing of his
services as guide, scout, recruiting officer, and
all those things. He was not a soldier, did
not belong to the Army ; yet he brought out the
Union men in East Tennessee, and got them
to go into the Army and recruit General Burn-
side's forces. The gentleman says that he
should not be paid for all these things; that
he should be paid only for the property that
was taken from him in the shape of commis-
sary stores. It is in proof that the amount
of property so taken from him was more than
$8,000. As to the $2,000 which General
Burnside's quartermaster paid the man, Mr.
Sawyers says he paid out $1,800 to obtain help
to accomplish what he did for the Army.
Mr. Sawyers enjoyed the entire confidence
of General Burnside, of Governor Brownlow,
and of General Custer, and other Artny officers.
The gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Kerr] says
he should have taken vouchers for these things.
I tell the gentleman that it would have been
extremely dangerous in East Teunessee at
that time for a man to have been caught with
a United States voucher in his pocket. He
would not take these vouchers, because if ha
had been caught with them in his possessiou
he would have been hung. And the men who
did this service for him, for which he paid
$1,800, would not give him vouchers, because
if he had been caught with their vouchers
upon him they as well as he would have been
hung.
Mr. KERR. Why has not that been done
since the war, when it could have beeu done
without danger?
Mr. HARRIS, of Mississippi. The proof
is ample upon the subject.
Mr. KERR. Mr. Sawyers does not even
swear to his expending this $1,800.
Mr. HARRIS, of Mississippi. He does
swear to that very thing.
Mr. KERR. I do not so understand it.
Mr. HARRIS, of Mississippi. He does swear
to it.
Mr. KERR. Then that is all the proof we
have in the case.
Mr. HARRIS, of Mississippi. I insist that
this amendment should be voted down, and
that this bill allowing Mr. Sawyers $15,000,
which is I think a very small pittance for the
valuable service he rendered, should be passed.
Mr. POTTER. Is there any letter or state-
ment from General Burnside upon the subject?
Mr. HARRIS, ofMississippi. There is. As
stated in the report of the committee, General
Burnside " recommends the claim of Mr. Saw-
yers not to the generosity, but to the justice of
the nation."
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. I ask unani-
mous consent of the committee that this debate
shall proceed under the five minutes rule, and
that it close in ten minutes from this time.
That will give two more speeches of five min-
utes each for gentlemen desiring to be heard.
The CHAIRMAN. That requires unani-
mous consent.
Mr. KERR. I have no objection to the lim-
itation of the five-minutes rule, but I have to
the close of debate.
The CHAIRMAN. Then the debate will
proceed uuder the five-minutes rule.
Mr. HAWLEY, of Connecticut. It is very
ungracious business to oppose a claim like
this. I have no doubt whatever that Mr.
Sawyers rendered very valuable services in
Tennessee. We all know that that country
was filled with brave, patriotic men, who did
a great deal of good work for the Army. I
say it looks lik'e cruel business to oppose such
a claim as this. It takes, however, but a very
limited experience upon the Committee of
Claims to give a man a little hardness of heart
in such matters; and he must have it, other-
wise there will be no limit to such business.
I notice by referring to the report that the
claimant has abandoned his claim for com-
pensation for the outrage inflicted upon him
by the rebels, which is of course right. Now,
what should this man have ? I am perfectly
