1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
I believe that when we come solemnly to de-
cide upon so serious a matter as is presented
by this report, we should be left as much as
possible quiet and undisturbed in our deliber-
ations. If no amendments to this report are
to be offered and acted upon to-night, I will
not raise any objection to the proposition of
the gentleman from Arkansas, [Mr. Hanks.]
The SPEAKER. The Chair has no knowl-
edge whatever on that subject.
The question was then taken upon the mo-
tion to suspend the rules, and it was not agreed
to ; two thirds not voting in favor thereof.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, addressed
the House for one hour and forty minutes.
[His remarks will be found in the Appendix.]
Mr. SHELLABARGER then addressed the
House in remarks which will be published in
the Appendix.
Mr. WILSON, of Indiana. Mr. Speaker,
in the very few minutes which, by the kind-
ness of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Shel-
labarger,] I am permitted to occupy before
the close of this protracted debate. I do not
propose to discuss any question of fact in-
volved in the matters now under considera-
tion.
A report has been made by a majority of
the Judiciary Committee, of which 1 have the
honor to be a member, in which the conclusion
is reached that this House has no power to
expel a member because of an act committed
by him before he became a member, no matter
how recently before be became a member that
act may have been committed.
That question had not been referred to that
committee. The House had by a resolution
directed the committee to inquire into certain
matters of impeachment, but not of expulsion ;
and therefore I as a member of that commit-
tee did not feel that the committee was author-
ized to bring before the House an opinion upon
the power to expel, and I therefore declined
to join m any report on that subject or to ex-
press an opinion with reference to it.
But now, Mr. Speaker, the question of the
power to expel for an act committed prior to
becoming a member is before the House, and
that report of the majority of the Judiciary
Committee is used in opposition to the power
to expel ; and we have to-night listened to a
powerful argument from the gentleman from
Massachusetts in support of thatdoctrine. That
this question shall be properly settled now is one
of the utmost importance to the House and to
the country. The action that the House will
shortly take upon it will pass into history, and
will form a precedent to guide this body in the
future. To make the mistake of refusing to
expel or censure a member who should be ex-
pelled or censured is as nothing when compared
with the consequences of setting a precedent
in the wrong direction upon a question of such
manifest importance.
I therefore take this occasion to express my
dissent from the doctrines of that report on
this subject.
The conclusion arrived at in that report,
with all respect to the majority of the com-
mittee, it seems to me is pernicious and full of
mischief. I have 110 time to review the prece-
dents bearing on this question.
The constitutional provision affecting it is
as follows:
"Each House may determine the rules of its pro-
ceedings, punish its members for disorderly beha-
vior. and with the concurrence of two thirds expel a
member."
Here it will be perceived this House may
punish a member for disorderly behavior, and
it may expel a member by a two-thirds vote.
The power of expulsion is unlimited, or at
least is only limited by the discretion of the
House, and the two-thirds vote is the check
by which the proper exercise of that discretion
is secured. That the House can only be justi-
fied in expelling a member when it exercises
a sound discretion no one will question, and
when gentlemen suppose a case of the House
42d Cong. 3d Sess.—No, 115.
expelling a member for a crime committed a
quarter of a century ago, they are only sup-
posing a case in which to expel would not be
exercising a sound discretion ; and when I put
the hypothetical case of a member who is
elected to the next Congress in these the last
days of this Congress taking a bribe, and then
after taking a seat in the next Congress being
expelled for that crime, I am presenting a
cas.e in which the expulsion would be the ex-
ercise of a sound discretion.
Presenting the extreme case first stated
proves nothing, nor is it any argument on this
question of jurisdiction. It is only presenting
a case in wbich the jurisdiction ought not to
be exercised.
In the face of the broad constitutional
power quoted a moment ago I ask the House
to consider well before recording the opinion
that in case a member on the last day of this
ssssion should take a bribe, and if the Presi-
deut should convene the Forty-Third Congress
on the 5th day of March next, that member,
although his crime might be notorious, might
take his seat and the House be impotent to
rid itself of him.
Such a doctrine, in my judgment, is inex-
pressibly full of mischief and cannot be sus-
tained upon any sound principles of consti-
tutional construction, and if this House shall
by a vote in the ca-ses now under consideration
indorse it, I cannot avoid the opinion that
hereafter when the excitement of the hour
shall have passed away and cooler moments
shall have come, and the consequences of such
a doctrine shall have made themselves appar-
ent, as it may well be feared they will, it will
find it necessary to follow the humiliating
•example of the English Parliament in the case
of John Wilkes, and expunge the fatal judg-
ment from the record.
I yield the balance of my time, if I have any
left, to the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Goodrich ]
The SPEAKER. The gentleman's hour
has expired. The Chair recognizes the gen-
tleman from Wisconsin, [Mr. Eldredge.j
Mr. RANDALL. I move that the time be
extended fifteen minutes to enable the gentle-
man from New York [Mr. Goodrich] to speak.
We have already this evening granted an ex-
tension of forty minutes to one gentleman,
and I think we can afford to give an extension
in this case of fifteen minutes.
Mr. POLAND. I hope that the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Goodrich] will have
an opportunity to address the House.
The SPEAKER.. The gentleman from New
York can proceed with the consent of the
gentleman from Wisconsin, [Mr. Eldredge,]
who has been recognized.
Mr. NEGLEY. I think there are some
others who have something to say about this
matter.
The SPE AKE R. The Chair has recognized
the gentleman from Wisconsin, and cannot
take him from the floor. If there is no objec-
tion to the proposition of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Randall] the gentleman
from New York can proceed.
Mr. W. R. ROBERTS. It need not come
out of the time of the gentleman from Wis-
consin.
The SPEAKER. Of course not.
There being no objection, ten minutes were
allowed to Mr. Goodrich.
Mr. GOODRICH. Mr. Speaker, always
obliged for any kindness like the present. I
must still say that the nature of the question
now before the House and my convictions in
respect to it will not allow me to undertake
any remarks in the period now allowed. I
only take occasion to say that when the report
of the Judiciary Committee relating to this
matter shall come before the House I shall
claim the opportunity to express my convic;
tions upon the question whether a member of
this House may be expelled for an offense com-
mitted prior to the commencement of his term
of office. At this late hour, however, I will
not trouble the House further.
Mr. ELDREDGE then addressed the House.
[His remarks will be printed in the Appendix. J
At the conclusion of his remarks he yielded to
Mr. YOUNG, who addressed the "House.
[His remarks will also appear in the Appendix. ]
Mr. POLAND. Mr. Speaker 
Mr. HOLMAN. Does the gentleman from
Vermont [Mr. Poland] propose to call the
previous question now ?
Mr. POLAND. I was about to do so.
Mr. HOLMAN. I should be glad to occupy
a very few minutes.
Mr. POLAND. I am willing the debate
shall go on to-night as long as anybody chooses
to talk; but I design to ask for the previous
question before we adjourn.
Mr, SARGENT. I trust the gentleman
will yield for an amendment which I desire to
have read.
Mr. SPEER. Would it not be competent
for the House now to take a recess till to mor-
row morning at ten o'clock, so that we may
have one hour more for discussion ?
Mr. ELDREDGE. I believe my hour had
not expired. I proposed to yield ten minutes
to the gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. Young,]
and the remainder of my time to the gentle-
man from New York, [Mr. Potter.]
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Wis-
consin has fifteen minutes remaining.
Mr. SPEER. I more that the House now
take a recess until to-morrow morning at ten
o'clock.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Potter] wish to occupy the
floor 1
Mr. POTTER. I will yield for the motion
of the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Speer
Mr. SARGENT. The business of the
House is very pressing; there are a number
of appropriation bills not yet disposed of;
and unless sufficient time be given for the
completion of those bills we shall not finish
the business necessary to be done by the 4th of
March.
Mr. SPEER. The gentleman from California
[Mr. Sargent] will bear in mind that if the
House should take a recess till ten o'clock
to-morrow, we shall be just as far on with our
business as if we should adjourn now and
meet at eleven o'clock. The arrangement 1
suggest will not delay the public business an
hour.
Mr. SARGENT. Then I do not know that
I shall object.
Mr. SPEER. There are some gentlemen
who would like to speak in the morning ; and
the additional hour which I propose will give
them the opportunity.
Mr. SARGENT. If the debate be limited
to brief speeches I shall not object.
Mr. M AYNARD. If any member does not
understand this question now, he will never
understand it till the day of doom. We may
just as well close the debate now and take the
vote.
Mr. SPEER. As it will not delay the pub-
lic business, I cannot conceive any reasonable
objection to my proposition.
Mr. BURCHARD. It ought to be under-
stood that no vote shall be taken during that
hour.
Mr. SPEER. Of course it is understood
that no vote shall be taken before eleven
o'clock.
Mr. SARGENT. I have as amendment
which I wish members to hear, as they will be
called to vote upon it to-morrow, I ask the
Clerk to read it.
The Clerk read as follows:
Whereas by the report of the speciat eommittee
Mobilier of America occurred more than five years
[ ago, and long before the election of such persons to
; this Congress; and whereas grave doubts exist as to
I the rightful exercise by this House of its power to
