1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
865
willing that Mr. Sawyers should have com-
pensation for the corn, bacon, and wood taken
and used by the Federal Army. That is all
right enough, even if he cannot make the
technical proof required by the quartermaster's
department.
Mr. HARRIS, of Mississippi. I cannot
yield further to the gentleman.
Mr. HAWLEY, of Connecticut. I believe
the gentleman is not yielding to me. I hold
the floor for five minutes, and if there is any
interruption, I am yielding. Is not that so,
Mr. Chairman ?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair understood
the gentleman from Mississippi to yield the
floor; was the Chair mistaken ?
Mr. HARRIS, of Mississippi. I have not
yielded the floor.
Mr. HAWLEY, of Connecticut. I supposed
I had the floor in my own right.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will hear
the gentleman from Connecticut until the ex-
piration of his five minutes, and then the gen-
tleman from Mississippi will occupy the floor.
Mr. HAWLEY, of Connecticut. I should
be perfectly willing to pay this claim to the
amount of §8,175, or even to pay $3,200. So
far as that part of the claim is concerned I do
not object to it. The claim for goods de-
stroyed by the rebels appears to have been
abandoned. What, then, remains to be paid?
Compensation is claimed as due this man for
special services in destroying certain bridges
and saving certain rolling-stock for the Gov-
ernment. General Burnside undertook to pay
him for that service, ordering that $2,000 be
allowed him, and spoke highly of his services,
which undoubtedly were very valuable. But
it seems that Mr. Sawyers expended some
$1,800 in rendering this service, so that after
repayment of this amount he received only
$200. Then, let us allow him that $1,800.
This no doubt would be fair. General Burn-
side doubtless meant to pay him a liberal
compensation.
But gentlemen speak of the great value
(about $200,000) of this rolling-stock saved
by the Government. Now, it will not do to
undertake to pay all soldiers or scouts, all
civil or military employes of the Government,
according to the pecuniary value of property
that they may be instrumental in saving. If that
rule prevails, I can find you a man who fired
a shot that saved tho Government a million
dollars. No doubt this man rendered good
service as did tens of thousands of others all
over the South who acted as scouts aud spies.
Such men frequently accompanied a general at
the head of a corps or division; and they
were, I presume, in most cases, paid for their
services; they did not go " on ticket." Civil-
ians employed in this way, though they had
frequently an easier time than the soldiers,
should have received pay from the quarter-
master's department—liberal and generous
compensation. I think that Mr. Sawyers
should be paid quite well—as well as may be
possible consistently with the general usages
of the Government and the rules which tbe
Committee of Claims is obliged to establish.
He should perhaps receive some $5,000. This
amount I am perfectly willing to see granted
to him, but I am afraid to go further; not
that he is not a good man, or that the money
would not be well used, but that we cannot
afford to go on paying good men in that way.
Mr. KERR. Mr. Speaker, I intend to say
only a few words more on this subject. It is
alleged here, with a great deal of earnestness
that this man saved to the Federal Govern-
ment rolling-stock worth $200,000. Now, I
submit that, both upon the reason of the case
and by the record, that rolling-stock was saved
for the U nited States by Burnside's army, not
by Mr. Sawyers. It is magnifying his service
beyond all propriety to say that he saved two
hundred thousand dollars worth of rolling-
stock. He had no power to save a dollar's
worth of rolling-stock. That he went there
42d Cong. 3d Sess.—No. 55.
and set fire to that bridge at all is attested
only by his own statement. It is to the army
stationed there that the Government is in-
debted for the saving of that rolling-stock.
Mr. BUTLER, of Tennessee. Does not
General Burnside say that Mr. Sawyers ren-
dered that service ?
Mr. KERR. General Burnside does not say
he rendered that service.  
Mr. BUTLER, of Tennessee. I say he does.
Mr. KERR. The gentleman caunot say any
such thing; and he has no right to answer in
that way; his answer is impertinent. It may
be that Sawyers set fire to that bridge, and
thus enabled the Army to save that property.
But the whole of General Burnside's letter is
not set forth.
Mr. BUTLER, of Tennessee. Yes, sir, itis.
Mr. KERR. Then let it be read.
Mr. BUTLER, of Tennessee. I ask the
Clerk to read the letter of General Burnside.
The Clerk read as follows:
New York, June IB, 1868.
I have carefully read the annexed affidavit of JVIr.
E. A. Sawyers, of Jefferson county, Tennessee. He
performed the services as stated, and they were in
their results of vast advantage in a military point
of view to the Army. They secured the use and
operation of the road through East Tennessee at a
time when the same was a matter of vital import-
ance.
I cordially recommend the claim of Mr. Sawyers
not to the generosity only, but to the justice of the
nation. Such services should be requited at all
times; but especially when they have entailed such
heavy losses upon those who rendered them.
I ain personally acquainted with Mr. Sawyers,
and know him to be a tried, true, and faithful friend
to the Union and to the Government of the United
States. AMBROSE E. BURNSIDE,
Late Major Gener'ai United States Army.
Mr. KERR. I submit the gentleman's state-
ment is not sustained by that letter. It will
be absurd for General Burnside to say what
the gentleman says. What he refers to in the
affidavit we do not know.
Mr. ELDREDGE. General Burnside says
that what is stated in the affidavit is true. If
the affidavit states, as I understand it does, this
fact, then General Burnside does say so.
Mr. BUTLER, of Tennessee. 1 ask that
General Burnside's second letter be read.
Mr. KERR. If that affidavit is here 1 should
like to have it read, to see what General Bum-
side means.
The Clerk read as follows :
State of New York,
City and County of New York:
Ethan A. Sawyers, a citizen of Jefferson county,
Tennessee, now temporarily at New York, being first
sworn in due form of law, on his oath says: that at
Mt. Vernon, Kentucky, on or about tbe 18th day of
August, 1863, he was employed by General Burnside,
then on his march to East Tennessee, to proceed
in the advance of the Union forces, and to interrupt
and break up both telegraph and railroad communi-
cation between Knoxville and Bristol, both ot' said
places being then held by the confederates, the ob-
ject and purpose ot this movement being to prevent,
if possible, tlie removal of the large supplies, muni-
tions of war, &g., held hythe rebels at Knoxville;
but especially and above all to prevent the removal
of the engines and rolling-stock of the East Tennes-
see and Virginia railroad, as well as tbe railroad
machinery and materials atKnoxville,the possession
of which, owing to the fact that the confederate
forces in and around Chattanooga cut off all means
of supplying either engines or ears from localities
in the possession of the United States forces, was
deemed a matter of paramount importance, and the
success of which was considered a means of vital
importance for the successful holding of tbe whole
region of East Tennessee bv the Union Army, as only
by this course could the Union Army avail itself of
the benefits and advantages of the possession of tho
East Tennessee and Virginia railroad. As engines
and cars could not be gotten from any other place,
the mere possession of the road would have been
valueless for all military purposes.
This great object could not be accomplished by a
military force sufficient to take one of the main
bridges from tbe guards stationed at the sarao by the
confederates, because the appearance of such a force
would have been premature, and would of itself
have induced the removal of the engines, «fcc., to a
place of safety, and thus have defeated the plan.
It was therefore necessary to accomplish this clan-
destinely, certainly, and surely, and at a given hour,
by the destruction of a minor and less important
bridge, and one. if.practicable, not guarded by con-
federate troops. The bridge over Lost creek, near
Ne-W''Market, Tennessee, and within a mile of the
residence of affiant, was fixed upon, aad<aifiant was
directed to proceed to it quietly, secretly, and in
citizen s garo, and to destroy it upon a given night,
with the understanding troops would arrive at the
point upon the next day to hold the road, so as to
prevent the egress of the ears, engines, munitions of
war, tea., from East Tennessee.
At. great personal hazard, knowing the fate of
other devoted Union men, who bad been hung by
the confederates for participating in such enter-
prises in the same locality, affiant proceeded inside
the enemy's line;?, and accomplished the task hebad
assumed, and burnt the bridge designated upon the
night agreed upon, and stopped telegraph commun-
ication with Richmond by cutting and destroying
the telegraph wires. But tho expedition used by
affiant had outstripped the troops, and they did not
arrive, as intended, on the next day, nor for more
than a week afterward. In this emergency affiant,
well knowing the great object to be accomplished,
and seeing that the bridge was being promptly re-
built by the confederates, and that thus the whole
object would then be frustrated, determined, by
other indirect means, to accomplish the purpose of
his mission and to secure the practical advantages
of the road to the Union Army.
He at once considered the plan of enlisting the
president of the road, John R. Branner, in the en-
terprise, and of inducing him so to control the posi-
tion and the running ot the trains as that the same
should not be run off into Virginia, but detained
upon the road upon one pretext and another, so that
the engines, rolling-stock, machines, &c„ should fall
into the hands of the Union Army upon its arrival.
After sounding Branner through a third person,
affiant sought a personal interview with him, and by
his representations and inducements of personal
immunity, obtained his hearty cooperation to such a
degree that it was arranged that the trains that had
already been taken to Bristol should be there loaded
with salt, and, under the guise of the necessity of
taking this important commodity to tho people,
should bo returned.
The result of all this was, by the instrumentality
of tho affiant, five locomotives, a large amount oi
rolling-stock, together with a large amount of ma-
chinery, supplies, &c., as well as munitions of
war, were thus purposely detained, in order that
they might, as they did, fall into the hands of tho
Union Army, the possession of which, at the time,
owing to tho isolated position ot the road, was of
incalculable advantage to the forces of the United
States, and contributed greatly to all future military
successes in that region.
As to the agency of affiant in effecting and accomr
plishing all this, ne refers to the accompanying letter
of tho president of the road, Mr. John R. Branner.
So far trom being adequately rewarded for these
hazardous and important services, aQiant becamo a
special object for the vindictiveness of theconfeder-
ates by reason of it, and his property was singled
out for special depredation and destruction during
their subsequent forays into that section, and his
farm was wasted, his substancc consumed, or ruth-
lessly destroyed by them. The losses entailed upon
him from this cause may reasonably be estimated at
$20,000, while he received from the Government, for
burning the bridges and other similar services, out
of the military secret service fund, but the sum of
$2,000, of which by far the greater portion was ox-
Eended and disbursed to the persons employed by
im, whilo the mere money value o.f the property
secured to this Government through his agency was
not less than 6200,000. ^ SAWYERS
Sworn to and subscribed before me this, the 13th
day of June, 1868. JOHN A. GODFBEY,
(Jommigttioner of JJeeda,
City and County of New York.
Mr. KERR. Mr. Chairman, I have a better
opinion of Mr. Sawyers now than I had twenty
minutes ago. Hisletterismuch more reason-
able than anything that has been said by his
friends on this floor. They have claimed for
him what he has not claimed for himself. On
the contrary, he puts his services on the same
ground as I put them, that they were aids or
facilities, putting it in tbe power of the Fed-
eral Government, by GeneralBurnside'sarmy,
to avail themselves of the use of this road and
its rolling-stock. But Sawyers, by his affidavit,
discloses still more important facts, one of
which is that this bridge was within one mile
of his own residence. It was stated on this
floor by the gentlemen who were managing
this matter that he traveled a hundred miles in
the night-time.
I call the attention of the committee to the
fact that Sawyers, speaking under oath as to
his own services, takes special pains to say,
not that he rendered these important services
to the Army, but that the expedition of affiant
outstripped the troops, and that by his own
services and with the cooperation of the expe-
dition. sent with him by General Burnside he
was enabled.to burn down that bridge and
destroy the telegraph wires, and that all these
other results followed those acts. Now, if we
are to reward men, I ask the committee to see
