1826
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 26,
expel a member for offenses committed by such
member long before bis election thereto, and not
connected with such election: Therefore,
Resolved, That the special committee be dis-
cerned from the further consideration of the sub-
ject.
Mr. RITCHIE. I would iike to offer a
substitute and submit a few explanatory re-
marks.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I desire
to say tbat the amendment which I offered,
and which the Speaker was to rule upon, I
withdraw, for the reason that it does not cover
I both classes of offenses on account of the
• statute of limitations. I sent to the district
attorney and obtained his opinion, and as
there is a difference of opinion, I do not care
to press the amendment.
Mr. POLAND. Nobody who has read the
statute cau have any question about it.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. The dis-
trict attorney himself says he believes the old
statute of Maryland does not apply in this dis-
trict; but he says there is some uncertainty
upon the point. I will read his letter if the
gentleman wishes.
Mr. RITCHIE. If the gentleman from
Vermont will permit me, I should like to make
a remark or two.
Mr. POLAND. I submit whether the amend-
ment of the gentleman from California [Mr.
Sargent] is in order. It is not the design of
the committee to object to any amendment
that may be in order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the
amendment offered by the gentleman from Cal-
ifornia is in order. The gentleman from Mary-
land [Mr. Ritchie] desires to offer a substi-
tute, which will be read.
The Clerk reads as follows :
Resolved, That while the proof is not sufficient to
warrant the finding that Messrs. 0akk3 A.\ikb, James
Brooks, Hlenry L. Dawks, Glensi W. Scopisld,
John A. Bingham. "William D.Kblley, and Jasies
A. Q-arfield, members ot' this House, were, by
reason of their transactions in regard to stock in the
Credit Mobilier, guilty of the offence of bribery, it
nevertheless discloses, in the circumstances attend-
ing the sale, acceptance, and holding of said stock
and receipt of thedividends thereon—said corpora-
tion being intimately connected with, and deriving
its profits from, the Union Pacific liaiiroad Com-
pany,^ corporation created by act of Congress, and
in which the United States has a direct pecuniary
interest—a state of case calling for emphatic con-
demnation; and it is hereby declared, as the sense
of this body, that the tran^aoiions in stock referred
to were corrupting in tendency, pernicious in ex-
ample, and grossly improper in members of Con-
gress ; and that the members above named con-
cerned therein deserve tUe severe censure and
rebuke of this House; and the same is hereby pro-
nounced upon them.
Mr. POLAND. .Mr. Speaker, I rise to a
point of order. Is this resolution in order,
containing, as it does, the names of more than
one member of the House?
The SPEAKER. About any matter of a
privileged nature involving the censure of a
member of this House it is obviously improper
to include more than one name in a resolution.
Every case must stand on its own merits The
Chair cannot consent to entertain a resolulion
embracing more than one name.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I rise to
a point of order. Would it be competent with-
out naming anybody to characterize the trans-
action ?
The SPEAKER, The Chair never answers
a hypothetical question; he rules on any ques-
tion submitted to him.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. What is the Chair's
ruling?
The SPEAKER. The Chair endeavored to
get the attention of the gentleman from Illinois
and others, but failed.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. It must have been
for the reason there was so much disorder
between me and the Chair.
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not blame
the gentleman frojn Illinois. The Chair rules
on the point of order of 'he gentleman from
Maryland thatitisnotcouipcteni in a resolution
of censure or expulsion to include more than
one name, [n a case of that kind it is but fair
play, as it is the whole spirit and genius of
parliamantary law, that the case affecting
each individual member shall stand on its own
merits.
Mr. RITCHIE. I should like to be in-
dulged for a moment. Perhaps I am mis-
understood to some extent. It will be observed
that the first part of the resolution so far as
there has been 
Mr. PETERS. Are these resolutions before
the House?
The SPEAKER. They are not,
Mr. PETERS. Then I object to debate.
Mr. SPEER. I renew my motion to take a
recess until ten o'clock to-morrow.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Speaker, I have not
participated in the debate for a very obvious
reason, that up to this moment it has not
affected me personally. Isubmit to the House
if such a resolution as is proposed by the gen-
tleman from Maryland is brought into this
House at the conclusion of this debate, or a
resolution that does mention my name and
undertakes to characterize my actions, the
House will not for a moment act on that reso-
lution until they permit me to be heard.
Mr. POTTER. Mr. Speaker, I had sought
the floor this afternoon for the purpose of
occupying it for a few moments to explain such
vote as I might be constrained to give on the
motion before the House. I yielded it be-
cause it was no time to debate at this late hour
of the evening. I now suggest it would be very
desirable to mauy gentlemen of the House to
have an hour divided into ten-minutes
speeches. Whether thfctis to be accomplished
by recess, as suggested by my friend from
Pennsylvania, or after the House opens to-
morrow 1 do not care.
Mr. BINGHAM. I understood the order
was made that to-morrow there was to be an
hour's debate.
The SPEAKER. There was no order made
for to-morrow.
Mr. POTTER. When the previous ques-
tion is called the gentleman from Vermont
[Mr. Polakd] will occupy his whole hour.
He has no time to yield. Ihe debate has been
full, but theje are many gentlemen who wish
to explain their positions.
Mr. POLAND. It haj been suggested
the House take a recess, and give the hour
between ten and eleven o'clock to-morrow to
be divided up into ten-minutes speeches. If
that is desired / have no objection to it. I do
not wish to limit this debate.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I make the motion,
then, that the House take a recess until ten
o'clock to-morrow morning.
Mr. HOLMAN. Say live-minute speeches.
The SPEAKER. Is .there objection to
taking a recess, and that the hour between ten
and eleven o'clock to-morrow be divided into
ten minutes speeches?
Mr. SARGENT. It is understood of course
tbat the previous question U now pending.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Let the previous
question be seconded at eleven o'clock to-mor-
row.
Mr. POLAND. The previous question will
be ordered after the reading of the Journal
to-morrow.
Mr. STEVENSON. Am I to understand
that the gentlemen from Vermont [Mr. Po-
land] proposes to admit amendments.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands
that the gentleman from Vermont has inti-
mated that he is willing to admit any amend-
ments that are in order.
Mr. POLAND. The committee do not
desire in any way to limit or cramp the House
in their judgment on this ease.
Mr. TOWNSEND, of New York. Under
what rule is it proposed that the hour after the
recess shall be apportioned ?
The SPE AKER. The rule of the Chair has
been to divide the time with absolute impar-
tiality between those who sustain the report
and those who are against it, and the Chair
thinks that up to this time as nearly equal a
partition has been made as was practicable.
And the Chair would consider it his duty, to
follow the same rule in regard to the ten-min-,
utes debate to-morrow,
Mr. DAWES. I desire to report that if an
amendment like that indicated a short time
ago is to be voted upon I shall in justice to
myself, appeal to the House to be heard.
The SPEAKER. The Chair considers that
under the arrangement now proposed no
amendments will be offered until after the
regular session of the House to-morrow
begins.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Under the circum-
stances suggested by the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts, the House certainly would not
second the previous question.
Mr. SPEER. I understand that no amend-
ment will be offered in the hour between ten
and eleven o'clock.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands
that the hour to-morrow will be for discussion
only and that amendments will not be submitted
until after the reading of the Journal at to-
morrow's regular session. The hour will be
for debate in speeches of ten minutes each.
Mr. TYNER. I would suggest that the
hour be occupied under the five-minutes rule.
Several Members. No, no.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection
the order is made that the hour after the recess
will be for debate only under the five-minutes
rule.
There was no objection ; and the House (at
eleven o'clock and thirty-five minutes p. m.)
took a recess until Thursday morning, at ten
o'clock.  
MORNING SESSION.
The recess having expired, the House-reas-
sembled at ten o'clock a. m., (Thursday, Feb-
ruary 27,) and resumed the consideration of
the report of the select committee on the
CREDIT MOBILIER.
Mr. BIRD. I feel in common with the other
gentlemen upon this floor the immense respon-
sibility which rests upon every individual who
shall vote for or against the resolution; and
the circumstances which have attended the
debate on these grave questions impel me to
make a few remarks showing to some extent
the influences which operate upon my mind in
giving my vote. It has been said, sir, that
there is a clamor in this land for a victim, and
those who are making this clamor are denom-
inated a mob. I cannot comprehend the frame
pf rnind or the sensibilities of the man who
under these circumstances denominates this
intelligent cry against fraud, falsification, and
corruption a clamor, and these intelligent
individuals throughout this country, demand-
ing the punishment or expulsion of the briber
and the bribed, a mob.
Sir, when the intelligent people of the coun-
try, manifesting their surprise at the anoma-
lous position of individuals honored with the
distinction of legislators who hold certain
stock which derives its increase from the bur-
dened Treasury of the people, through and by
their action or non-action or influence, are
denominated a mob, then I am justified in ex-
pressing my suprise and abhorrence. When
those individuals who hold this Credit Mobilier
stock rise in their places upon this floor, and
denounce the press of the country, so intelli-
gent, so learned, as well as so powerful, de-
pending as it does upon the preservation of
public liberty for its existence and influence,
as clamoring simply, and the editors thereof
as a mob, I cannot but express not only my
surprise bat regret and mortification. It is a
daring, a boldness, only equated* by that dar-
ing and that boldness which yvilt permit indi-
viduals to take and hold that stock, deriving
their profits of from three to four hundred per
cent, from the Treasury of the people.
Who can reasonably express surprise atjhe
