866
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 25,
to it that they reward the men who rendered
the service. The service was rendered by the
expedition, whereof Mr. Sawyers was one.
Mr. Sawyers does not claim that he rendered
the service himself. He was a spy, or scout,
if you please, to whose management General
Burnside intrusted the expedition.
Now, it is expressly stated by him in the
affidavit which has been read that Mr. John
R. Branner, an important officer of this rail-
road company, was the person through whose
agency and cooperation and sympathy with
the Union cause this rolling-stock and road
were saved to the United States. That is
what Sawyers says. He does not say that he
himself saved these things. And thus I am
vindicated and my amendment is vindicated
by both the affidavit and the letter of General
Burnside.
Before I sit down I desire to change my
amendment, and instead of $3,000 to make
the amount $3,175.
Mr. HAWLEY, of Connecticut. Had you
not better make it $5,000, adding the $1,800
which Sawyers paid out?
Mr. KERR. I would include that if I
could. But I do not see how we could do
that without setting a dangerous precedent.
We have no proof of that except the man's
own statement.
Mr. HAWLBY, of Connecticut. The gen-
tleman from Indiana has just accepted with
gratitude the claimant's statement on another
matter ; why should he not accept it on this ?
Mr. KERB. I have not accepted the
claimant's statement alone, but in connection
with other corroborating testimony as regards
the other matter.
Mr. POTTER. I intend to support the bill
reported from the committee. I make a dis-
tinction between the valuable military service
rendered by a voluntary scout and the equally
valuable military service, it may be, rendered
■ by an ordinary enlisted soldier. The military
service which a volunteer scout or spy ren-
ders puts his life not merely in peril from the
bullets of the enemy, but puts him iu peril of
the noose if he should be captured. And by
all military usage, as I understand it, scouts
and spies are volunteers, and are compensated
as for extraordinary service out of tie secret
service fund in the hands of the commander,
and in very extraordinary cases are further to
be compensated by the Government whom
they serve.
Now, this man, a volunteer scout, pierced
the lino of the enemy at a critical juncture in
the history of the war, and destroyed com-
munication by telegraph and by rail, which
led to the saving of a large quantity of rolling-
stock, important to us, and thus rendered
very material aid to the preservation of the
important point of Knoxville. And the officer
of all others most competent to instruct us on
that point tells us that the services rendered
were valuable. The claimant therefore appeals
for this compensation, not to our generosity,
but our justice.
Mr. KERR. Will the gentleman allow me
to ask a short question there?
Mr. POTTER. Yes, sir.
Mr. KERR. My question is, why does the
gentleman call this a voluntary service, when
General Burnside says he employed this man,
and the record shows that he paid him ?
Mr. POTTER. My answer is, that I call it
a voluntary service because this man was not
a soldier, regularly enlisted in the Army, who
could be assigned to the service, but engaged
in it voluntarily, and outside of any obligation
on his part to render it. That is why I call it
a voluntary service.
Mr. KERR. He made more money by it
than a soldier would have done.
Mr. POTTER. Doubtless he did, but
doubtless he ran greater risk, and the coun-
try realized by the risk he ran vastly larger
benefit.
Mr. Chairman, 1 maybe controlled on this
question somewhat by my feelings, but strive
not to be, for I hold the first business of
the Government is to do justice, not to grant
favors; but, sir, I cannot forget that I hap-
pened to dine one night during the war with
many gentlemen who held leading1 positions
and were earnest Union men, far more ultra
Union men than I was, for in respect, of the
wisdom and results of the war, I was one
of those who doubted often and feared much.
The occasion to which I refer was just on the
eve of this very attack on Knoxville ; the whole
country was in doubt as to what might be its
result. Its importance was generally under-
stood. It was well known that if we held
the place we cut off communication from the
Southwest to Lee, and prevented Lee's retreat
from Virginia into the Southwest. It was well
known, too, that a great force of the rebels was
being pressed upon Knoxville; that it was
surrounded; that it was held by an inferior
force; and that it was to be taken, if possible,
by assault. One of my younger brothers, one
of three who served in the war, then com-
manded the ninth army corps, under General
Burnside. During that very dinner, and in
the midst of the alarm of the gentlemen around
me, I received a telegram that bore but the
two words "all right" and my brother's ini-
tials. I knew what that meant. I understood
that the attack on Knoxville had taken place
and the enemy had been repulsed. I remem-
ber now, after the lapse of years, the relief,
the gratification, the satisfaction which the
information I then received communicated to
the gentlemen who sat about me. " This scout
contributed materially to that result by his
services. He took his life in his band and
went on and accomplished the importtant
service for which he claims, and in return,
as appears by his evidence and the letter of
General Burnside, the enemy seized his prop-
erty, attacked his place, and swept away all he
had. And now we are asked, years afterward,
in face of these facts, with the fruitions of the
war all around us, to make him compensation
for the losses he sustained bec-.iuse of the ser-
vices he rendered us. For myself my vote
shall be that he shall have it, so far as recom-
mended by this committee.
Mr. BUITjEH, of Massachusetts. I wish to
say a single word, which, if 1 understand the
position of the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr.
Kerb,] covers this whole case. He says that
this man was a soldier, and has no right to
other compensation for doing this duty than
the pay of a soldier.
Mr. POTTER. Not a soldier, but he was
employed as a scout.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Well,
hired as a scout.
Mr. POTTER. Not an enlisted soldier.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. A scout
cannot be sent by a military commander, nor
can a soldier, upon a service which will
imperil his life, as a spy or as one burning
bridges in the rear of an army or in its path;
and so it would have been if -we had caught
one of the men who tried to burn the city of
New York, which was an act not according
to the rules of war. But a man may volun-
teer for this purpose, and it is the every day
practice to pay men for these voluntary ser-
vices. And the officer would feel himself
guilty of his subordinate's life if he ordered
him on such service and his life was lost in
consequence. The subordidate must go upon
his own will, not upon the will of his com-
mander. That being so, he has his reward
promised him, and it is always paid him
when the money is on hand to do so. And
such services have always been held to be so
valuable as to deserve to be specially rewarded.
Now, if that is a distinction, and I think it
is, how does it affect this case ? This man was
not called upon as a scout, that is, as one
watching on the outposts of the Army, to put
himself in a position where if caught by the
enemy lie would be hanged, but he volunteered
to do it, and in doing it he did good service to
his country, and ought to be paid for it.
Mr. KERR. I desire to ask the gentleman
one or two questions. First, whether it is
not true that daring the entire war thousands
of soldiers, as a constant practice from day to
day, were sent in advance of the Ariny in all
sections of the country as scouts, skirmishers,
and spies, sent by their superior officers ; and
and did they not habitually go and perform
that perilous service ?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Let me
answer that question.
Mr. KERB. And I want the gentleman also
to tell me whether the records of the coun-
try show that any of that kind of exceptional
service involving such extreme dangers was
ever especially compensated by the United
States?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I will
answer both questions. Soldiers cannot be
detailed as spies.
Mr. KERB. It was done.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Allow
me to answer. When I desired to burn the
bridges of the Weldon railroad, I asked for
volunteers for that purpose, and I sent out on
that service three men who volunteered. I
promised to pay them $300 each for that ser-
vice, and that in case they succeeded I would
give them a still further reward. I also agreed
that if they were captured and imprisoned
they should receive $100 a month each for the
time they should be so imprisoned. In the
case of one of them who was killed I sent the
amount to his father. In the case of another
who was captured I paid him S100 a month
so long as I was in command, and he has now
filed his claim before the War Department for
the rest, and is getting up his proof. I sup-
posed that was in exact accordance with the
ordinary practice of war.
If my friend from Indiana [Mr. Kerr] will
call to mind the times of the revolutionary
war he will have no doubt that if Andre had
succeeded in his enterprise with Arnold he
would have been made a peer of the realm of
Great Britain. He was an adjutant general
in the British army, and voluntarily undertook
that service at the risk of his life.
Mr. KERR. I do not admit any of the
conclusions stated by tho gentleman as mili-
tary law; I do not understand them to be
military law.
Mr. WH1TTHORNE. Answering, as I take
it, the spirit of the question propounded by
the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Kerb] to
the gentleman from Massachusetts. [Mr. But-
i.er,] let me refer to the action of the Govern-
ment of the United States in compensating
the captors of the president of the late so-called
confederacy. That, I take it, was compensa-
tion for extra services. I might, in further
answer to the gentleman, refer to other in-
stances where extra services rendered to the
Government, even by men in the military ser-
vice, have been specially rewarded.
Now, to come back to the principle involved
in ihis bill, as I understand the spiiit, of tho
Constitution and Government under which we
live, neither the property nor particular services
of any man can be required and taken with-
out just compensation to him therefor. In
this case Mr. Sawyers was not a member of the
Army of the United States; he had not volun-
tarily contracted to render military service to
the Government of the United States. He
was on this particular occasion a mere volun-
teer, so to speak, and so to be regarded. He
undertook to perform an extra, hazardous
service. The Government derived great benefit
from that service so performed by Mr. Saw-
yers. For that service the Government of the
United States, having accepted it and enjoyed
the benefits resulting from it, should render
him just compensation. In that perilous un-
dertaking he not only hazarded his property,
but his life. The Government has received
the benefit of that service, and I hold and
