1873,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1827
manifestations on the part of the people of
this-country, when it is well known, when the
air is filled with rumor that certain individuals
holding high positions in the country, framera
of our laws, leaders of public opinion in poli-
tics, are interested in the profits of certain
great corporations, whose baneful influence
overshadows this land, and whose directors
contrive to direct the legislation of this House ?
I say, who can express surprise at the mani-
festations of indignation and inquiry on the
part of an intelligent public ? If it were not
so, then indeed would there be cause for the
greatest alarm. Doubtless corruption would
reign defiantly.
If the intelligent people and press through-
out the land were to remain quiet, or were to
manifest a stolid indifference to these things,
which are most surely undermining all the
institutions of our country, then indeed there
would be some occasion for surprise. Ought
we not rather regret that there should be even
the semblance of an apology for any of these
debasing and corrupting corporate influences
as they are charged and believed to exist here
in the councils of the country ?
Let me say, Mr. Speaker, that in my humble
opinion, instead of these individuals being
denominated a mob, and this intelligent cry,
as I regard it, a mere clamor, it should be de-
nominated a wise, a just, a patriotic interfer-
ence for the public welfare, for the preserva-
tion of the morals of this Hall as well as of
the country. We have no other protection so
safe, certain, and effectual. He who does not
hear and intelligently regard these influences,
when he follows them or not, will not long be
trusted as a wise ruler.
And I cannot but say that if we continue in
this House to denominate the press as actu-
ated by mobocratic sentiments, and the intel-
ligent people of this country as prompted by
no other consideration than a desire for blood,
when such grave questions affect the happiness
and safety of the country, the time is not far dis-
tant when the influence of the millions of the
people of this laud will fill these Halls with
Representatives, who while they dare to be
free and independent as such, will, under cir-
cumstances like the present, manifest a decent
respect for the opinions of others. The public
sensibilities have become thoroughly aroused
and justly very vigilant. In this is our only
safety. In this is our only security against
corruption as well as corrupting. I cannot but
say to one and all of these individuals who
have been arraigned at the bar of public judg-
ment, whose character and conduct in regard
to the Credit Mobilier have been investigated
here, that this expression of public indigna-
tion throughout the country, that this mani-
festation of interest here which prompted the
Speaker to ask an investigation and led to the
appointment of the committee of investigation,
is not only healthy, sound, and just, but is
prompted by every consideration looking to
the preservation of constitutional liberty in
this country.
But they say that we are restrained by pre-
cedents from all jurisdiction in these cases. Mr.
Speaker, there is one precedent in this matter
which guides and controls me ; it is found in
the Constitution of my country. There are
those who would tie themselves down to parlia-
mentary law, to the conduct of the House of
Commons and the House of Lords of England
on similar occasions, ignoring the Constitu-
tion. There are those upon the other hand
who make great pretenses to a strict con-
struction of the Constitution, and im-ist that
if we yield one jot or tittle our moorings are
gone and the ship of state will soon be wrecked
upon some unknown rocks of construction.
Why, Mr. Speaker, the very motive ihut
prompts me in insisting upon a strict consi ruc-
tion in perusing these individuals as far as the
law on the testimony will warrant,, is the Con-
stitution of my country. In this instrument. I
find the power, i will read the language of
this instrument, and submit it to every intelli-
gent, man, to the press denounced as stirring
up the mob which the gentleman says is clam,
oring for a victim, whether my judgment be
right or wrong. The provision of the Consti-
tution is as follows:
"Each House may determine the rules of its pro-
ceedings, punish its members for disorderly behav-
ior, and with tlie concurrence of two-thirds expel a
member."
This is the language of the Constitution. It
is without limitation except that, to avoiii as
far as possible the abuse of the power, there
shall be a concurrence of two thirds. Those
who still adhere to strict construction of the
Constitution as the best guarantee against cen-
tralization and monarchy can safely follow the
plain reading of this clause.
Now, will the gentleman from Wisconsin,
[Mr. Eldbedge,] when he talks about law
and the utter want of power in tjjis House
without special law read again the Constitu-
tion of his country, at the shrine of which he
doubtless would forever worship an4 tell us if
it does not plainly confer the power 1 poe§
not the Constitution plainly sav that each
House, not the Senate and House, by joint
resolution or enactment, but that each House
may determine the rules of its proceedings,
punish its members for disorderly behavior,
and with the concurrence of two thirds, expel
a member? Do we not make our own rules?
Do we not decide our own mode of enacting
or reenacting laws? If the House has no
right to expel in this case without legislation,
they have no separate power whatever con-
ferred for any purpose. We have the same
power to expel that we have to punish for dis-
orderly conduct, or to establish rules for the
good government of the House. The only
limitation is as to the number required to concur
in the motion. The framers of this instrument
were wipe and prudent men, they saw the
possibility of an abuse of this power; hence
they required a two-thirds vote.
Now, then, with this qualification, and none
other is so absolute and unrestrained, I can-
not but think that any individual member, for
any conduct regarded as an offense by twq
thirds, may be expelled from this House. I
admit the possibility of an abuse of this
power. But this I again say is not the point.
As a strict constructionist I am looking for
the power.
However, upon the question of the abuse
of the right I may say that. I believe that this
same press, these same people, so vigilant
now as to the country's welfare and the preser-
vation of the Constitution and public liberty,
will hold the individuals acting here to the
strictest account.
Mr. TOWNSEXD, of New York. I desire
to ask the gentleman this question whether he
thinks the country would be safer in the hands
of its representatives acting under their oaths
or in the hands of an unlicensed press.
Mr, BIRD. Mr. Speaker, the animus of
the gentleman is manifest; be speaks about
an unlicensed press. I am aware of the influ-
ence of the press, and rejoice at it. I am
aware also of the influence of two thirds of this
House. I am aware also of the tremendous
power whieh has been heretofore exercised
in this House by those who are unfriendly to
the political sentiments of the gentleman from
New York. 1 am not defending the abuses
of the privileges of the pi ess. 1 am not de-
fending the abuse of any right or power. I
sun only si riving to learn the extent of the
power conferred by the Constitution. The
question with me is whether, under the cir-
I'umstanc-s of this case, we have the power
of expulsion. 1 am anxious to drive eorrup-
lion from the halls of legislation, and here
ex(iri->-s my gratification at the assistance the
pri-s? and the people of this country are ren-
dering
Froiu these brief remarks it will be seen
that 1 am iu favor of the report of the commit-
tee to the extent expressed. I regret others
were not included in the resolutions of expul-
sion. In case a member of Congress commits
an aGt while a member ®hich renders him
liable tp expulsion, but which is not known
either to the electors or to Congress until aftet
his reelection, it is competent and proper for
the Congress, first having knowledge of the
facts, to consider the case and to expel. After
the most careful reflection I have come to this
conclusion. The Constitution and the public
welfare have been my only guide. No prece-
dents from whatever source, unless in accord
with these, although I respect and consider
them, can ever control me, when the most
astounding corruption flies to them as a de-
fense. Precedents have their value at all
times, but I will never allow them to stand
between me and the Republic when the Con-
stitution is on my side.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. HOLMAN. Fiom the nature of the
great subject before this House no gentleman
would desire to express his views other than
by a silent vote, except under the pressure of
what may seem to him to be a public duty.
The proposition brought forward and urged
with so much earnestness that Congress is not
permitted by the force of precedents which have
ripened into positive parliamentary law to
take jurisdiction of offenses fatal to legislative
purity and the honor of the country, if those
offenses were committed prior to the election
of the member to the Congress in which the
question is raised.
Sir, I cannot consent that such a proposition
shall be urged without expressing my unqual-
ified condemnation of it, for it may be that
in the complications of the questions of this
hour, the votes taken may not express the
sentiments of gentlemen or of the House. If
doubts have been raised of the rightful p^wer
of the Houses of Congress to expel an unworthy
member, the men who framed the Constitution
are not responsible for it. There is no am-
biguity in the words in which that power was
intended to be conferred: " Each House may
determine the rales of its proceedings, punisn
its members for disorderly behavior, and, with
the concurrence of two thirds, expel a mem-
ber." Can language be less ambiguous:
"And with the concurrence of two thirds
expel a member." It would seem impossible
that the inventive and technical genius jf the
mere lawyer oould suggest, a doubt. The power
is absolute to expel a member for any cause
which the conscience and considerate and hon-
est judgment of two thirds of the House may
deem sufficient. The Constitution imposes no
limitation as to time. It could not without
endangering the public interests.
I protest against the doctrine here advocated
as one most pernicious and fatai to the purify
of government. A member must, still retain
his seat and vote in the enactment of laws
though guilty of the debasing crime of bribery
because forsooth it was committed in a former
Congress, and the people in ignorance of the
fact had reelected him. Out on such a mon-
strous doctrine ! Sir, when the fathers who
framed the Coastitution left this great subject
of self-defense within the conscience and ju.-t
judgment of every successive Congress—im-
posing no other limitation except a two-thirds
vote—and responsible to the people, will it be
said that the line of precedent is against the
exercise of this power? Can precedent over-
ride the clear words of the Constitution ?
There is no such line of precedents.
Sir. 1 am glad for the sake of free govern-
ment and of the intelligence of mankind as
displayed in representative governments that
there is not a precedent to sustain the proposi-
tion which gentlemen have asserted here, not
even the precedent iu the case of Marshall to
sustain the gentlemen. Ihe right of Sflf-
def'euse is vital to the honor of this House,
vital indeed to the honor and integrity of your
laws, and if, with the corrupting power your
