1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
869
of the limited time left of this session, ask to
be discharged from its consideration.
The committee was discharged from the
further consideration of the bill; and it was
postponed indefinitely.
Mr. SAWYER. I am instructed by the
same committee, to whom was referred the
bill (H. E. No. 1043) to establish an educa-
tional fund, and to apply the proceeds of the
public lands to the education of the people, to
report it back with amendments ; and I give
notice that at as early a day as it can be at-
tended to I shall call up the bill for action.
Mr. CHANDLER, from the Committee on
Commerce, to whom was referred a communi-
cation from the Secretary of War on the sub-
ject, reported a bill (S. No. 1453) to provide
for the transfer of the St. Mary's Falls canal
of Michigan, with all its appurtenances, and
all the right and title of the State of Michigan
in and to the same, to the United States;
which was read, and passed to a second read-
ing.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, from the Com-
mittee on Public Buildings and Grounds, to
whom was referred the bill (S. No. 714) to
provide for the erection of a post office build-
ing at Dover, in the State of Delaware, reported
it with an amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 1206) for the
erection of a public building for the use of
the United States in Covington, Kentucky,
reported it with an amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 1296) to author-
ize the construction of a fire-proof building at
Lincoln, the capital of Nebraska, reported it
without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 2880) for a
public building at Atlanta, Georgia, reported
it with an amendment.
Mr. PRA IT, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the memorial of Jesse
Warren and Joseph A. Moore, praying com-
pensation for a building taken for the use of
the Army, submitted a report, accompanied
by a bill (S. No. 1452) for the relief of War-
ren and Moore, of Nashville, Tennessee.
The bill was read, and passed to the second
reading ; and the report was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. PRATT. The same committee, to
whom was referred the petition of Charles F.
Arter, of Cairo, Illinois, praying compensa-
tion for the taking by the Government of his
distillery, grist-mill, &c., have directed me to
submit a report in the case, recommending that
the petitioner be allowed to withdraw his peti-
tion. There is nothing in the case in the way
of proofs to support the claim except his own
affidavit. Ihe committee, thinking that possi-
bly he may have merits in his case, instruct me
to report adversely, with leave to the petitioner
to withdraw his papers.
Leave was granted.
Mr. WRIGHT, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred the memorial
ot' the trustees of the Methodist Episcopal
Church South in the city of Huntsville, Ala-
bama, praying compensation for a church
building set on fire by United States troops in
1804, asked to be discharged from its further
consideration ; which was agreed to.
lie aiso, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 902) for the re-
lief of Henry S. Crosby, reported adversely
thereon ; and it was postponed indefinitely.
Mr. HOWE. The Committee on Claims, to
whom was referred the bill (H. R. No. 8088)
to extend for four years the act establishing
the board of commissioners of _ claims, and
the acts relating thereto, have directed me to
report it back with two slight amendments,
and recommend its passage. It is important
that it should be considered early, aud I should
like to have it considered now.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
placed on the Calendar. The Senator from
California [Mr. Cole] has entered an objec-
tion to the consideration of any bills this
morning until the Calendar of unobjected
cases shall have been gone through with.
Mr. EDMUNDS, from the Committee on
the Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill
(H. R. No. 187) to amend an act entitled "An
act to prevent smuggling, and for other pur-
poses," approved July 18, 1866, reported it
with amendments.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 2959) to reg-
ulate the taking of testimony in certain cases,
reported it with amendments.
Mr. EDMUNDS. 1 am also directed by
the same committee, to whom was referred the
bill (S. No. 553) to regulate the taking of tes-
timony in certain cases, to report it back and
move its indefinite postponement, inasmuch as
it is covered by the House bill that I have just
reported.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am also directed by
the same committee, to whom was referred the
bill (S. No. 558) for the relief of actual set-
tlers upon the Cherokee neutral lands in Kan-
sas, to report it back adversely, together with
sundry petitions on the subject, and to state
that we do not pass on the essential merits of
some of these people to have some relief. The
bill that was sent to us as a law bill proceeds
upon an entirely mistaken idea as to what the
law is as to their rights, and therefore we feel
obliged to report against this bill, whatever
may be done by the Committee on Public i
Lands in other respects.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
dissent, the bill will be indefinitely postponed.
amendment to an appropriation bill.
Mr. ROBERTSON" submitted an amendment
intended to be proposed by him to the bill (H.
R. No. 3258) making appropriations for the
consular and diplomatic service of the Gov-
ernment for the year ending June 30, 18 f 4,
and for other purposes; which was referred to
the Committee oa Appropriations, and ordered
to be printed.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. SHERMAN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1454) for the relief of Henry Miliward;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Claims, and ordered to be
^Mr^CRAGIN (by request) asked, and by
unanimous conseutobtained, leave to introduce
a bill (S. No. 1455) to aid the Mediterranean
and Oriental Steam Navigation Company of
New York to establish an American line of
iron steamships for opening direct trade be-
tween the United States aud southern Europe,
for carrying the mails of the United States,
and for promoting immigration into the south-
ern Statesof the Union ; which was read twice
by its title, referred to the Committee on Com-
merce, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. ALCORN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (b.
No. 1456) for the relief of Martha A. Booth;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Claims, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. SCOTT asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
1457) relating to navigable rivers ; which was
read twice by its title, referred to the Commit-
tee on Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
He also asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (o.
No. 1458) to restore George M. Book to the
active list of the Navy of the United States ;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Naval Affairs, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr, HITCHCOCK asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill
(S. No. 1459) for the promotion of education
in the southern States; which was. read twice
by its title.
fir. HITCHCOCK. I desire to say that I
introduce this bill at the request of the Sen-
ator from Virginia [Mr. Lewis] who is not
able to be present to day. I move its reference
to the Committee on Education and Labor.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan, asked, and by
unanimous consent obtained, leave to intro-
duce a oill (S. No. 1460) granting a pension
to Peter Hander, late of company I, seventh
regiment Michigan volunteers; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee on
Pensions, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. FENTON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1461) in regard to public roads on Indian
or military lands; which was read twice by
its title, referred to the Committee on Public
Lands, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. WRIGHT (by request) asked, and by
unanimous consent obtained, leave to intro-
duce a bill (S. No. 1462) to authorize the
extension of the patent of Ormrod C. Evans for
improvement in rotary spaders and diggers;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Patents, and ordered to be
printed.
differential duties.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I ask that
Senate bill No. 1417, authorizing the Secretary
of the Treasury to refund the differential
duties on articles actually on shipboard in
French vessels destined for the United States
on the 5th of November, 1872, be taken up
for present consideration. It is a brief bill,
and it is important that it should be acted
upon. I think there will not be a single Sen-
ator who will be opposed to it when it is read.
Mr. COLE. Is that bill on the Calendar?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Yes, sir.
Mr. COLE. We shall reach the Calendar
in a few minutes, I hope.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. If the Sen-
ator felt the importance of it to San Francisco
he would not object.
Mr. COLE. We shall never get at the
Calendar if we take particular cases up indis-
criminately off the Calendar.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I hope the
Senator will not object to this.
Mr. COLE. I will object to every other one.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
read. .
The Chief Clerk read the bill; and it was
considered as m Committee of the Whole.
It proposes to relieve goods, wares, and mer-
chandise imported in French vessels Irom
countries other than France, and which were
actually on shipboard and bound to the United
States on the 5th of November, 1872, from
liability to discriminating duty under the
seventeenth section of the act of June 30,
1864, revived on such goods by the procla-
mation of the President of the United States,
dated October 30, 1872 ; and the Secretary ot
the Treasury is authorized, in any sue.i case,
to refund such discriminating duty which mav
have been paid on such goods, wares, and
merchandise, out ot any money in the Ireas-
ury not otherwise appropriated.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This bill is
reported by the Committee on Finance.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Unanimously.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, aud passed.
pacific railroad companies.
Mr. STEWART. I ofifer the following res-
olution, and ask for its present consideration:
Resolved, That the Pacific Kailroad Committee be
directed to inQuire and report thooonditiQn of too
accounts between tho several Pacific rwjMad C™}
i panies and the United States growmgr outof the toi
