1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1829
country will remain precisely as great as now
whether we expel them or not.
Their expulsion at this hour can therefore
be nothing but a form of condemnation by the
House of their conduct, and it happens to be
an objectionable form. It is a form of con-
demnation which some think will establish a
precedent which may be a.t some time danger-
ous ; and therefore I had hoped that in some
way the condemnation of the House might
take some form which did not involve that
difficulty. But the committee seem to have
treated the case as one in which it was more
important to establish a parliamentary prece-
dent than to merely express the judgment of
the House about the Credit Mobilier diffi-
culties.
The distinguished gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Banks,] speaking on yesterday
of the inherent power of a legislative body to
protect itself insisted upon its power of puri-
fying itself by expelling men for offenses be-
fore their terms of office began as a necessity
to the preservation of the body. Why, sir, how
can it be a power necessary to the preserva-
tion of a legislative body when no case of its
exercise on that ground alone by any legis-
lative body, whether in this country or in
Great Britain and her colonies, can be found.
But if I ever had supposed so, I should doubt
my own judgment in view of the unanimous
opinions of the judges of the Supreme Court
of the United States as expressed in Ander-
son vs. Dunn, and of the great law lords of
England in Keilly vs. Carson ; both of whom
declare, as I read their opinion, that no such
power is a necessity to a legislative assembly
like this House.
Mr. Speaker, I do not question the jurisdic-
tion of the House. It has jurisdiction not by
reason of the necessity of such a power to its
preservation but by virtue of the express lan-
guage of the Constitution, which says in terms
that two thirds of either House may expel a
member. I agree, too, that the power is a
discretionary one, and that this means a rea-
sonable and rightful and not an arbitrary dis-
cretion, and thus we come face to face to
the consideration whether it is a power to be
rightfully exercised about the past character of
members or their offense before .they became
members of the House.
Gentlemen ask whether if a man made a
corrupt agreement before his election in refer-
ence to his action when he became elected
we should not expel him because of such cor-
ruption? Undoubtedly ; for this was an exe-
cutory contract to be carried out and made
operative after the Congress met. So gentlemen
ask whether if a man committed murder on the
day before this Congress adjourned he should
not be expelled from the next Congress when
it may meet? 'Ihat, sir, might depend on
whether he had been mean time tried and con-
victed or acquitted or upon other considera-
tions. Wtiensuehan extreme case as that arises
it will be time enough to meet it. But the diffi-
culty here is that this is not an extreme case.
On the contrary, it is a movement for expulsion
at the very close of the session which can thus
be in effect nothing but a resolution ot con-
demnation. Why then should we seek to ex-
press condemnation in such form as to make it,
if adopted, a dangerous parliamentary prece-
dent. I repeat, therefore, Mr. Speaker, that I
hope in some way we shall be allowed to vote
upon this Credit Mobilier question without
being involved in this difference about the
rightful exercise in such cases of parliamentary
power.
For myself I agree that in some form the
House should express its absolute condemna-
tion of those transactions. According to my
notions of right, men cannot properly come
into this House and sit here to represent a
railroad company, or an iron mill, or any
other special interest of their own. And when
a man belonging to a company whose profits
depend directly upon the action of Congress
comes here and distributes shares among mem-
bers for the purpose of influencing their action
in the House, and they accept those shares
with a knowledge on their part of his purpose,
both deserve condemnation. No such man,
these facts clearly appearing, can escape by
my vote.
Not that these expulsions recommended by
the committee are going to save the country,
as the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Banks] and the gentleman from Indiana
[Mr. Holm an] suggest. The presence in the
House of men subject to such influences as
are disclosed by this investigation is the un-
avoidable result of the growth of great cor-
porations and of private and special legisla-
tion. We shall not get rid of these evils until
we get rid of the causes which lead to the
evils. When we have put an end to private
and special legislation here, when we have
taken away the opportunity for obtaining from
Congress bounties and charters and private
franchises and monopolies and subsidies, and
such ottier special privileges as men seek for
themselves and to get which those interested
send or try to control liepresentatives here,
then we shall have removed the influences
which invite or lead to corruption, and then
and not until then can we hope to see corrup-
tion wholly put an end to.
I agree that we do owe it to the country,
which in this matter is justly and earnestly
aroused, whose voice is not the voice of a
mob, as my friend from Ohio [Mr. Bingham]
has said, but the voice of an honest and
earnest people, we do owe it to them and
above all to ourselves to express in some form
of parliamentary expression our condemnation
of such transactions as those in connection
with the Credit Mobilier disclosed by the
testimony of the special committee.
Now one word, sir, in regard to my col-
league, Mr. James Brooks, of New York, who
is involved in this transaction. I had hardly
any acquaintance with Mr. Brooks until I
came into this House. By the mere chance
of the drawing of seats it so happened that my
seat has been close to his. For almost three
years I have sat near Mr. Brooks. During
all that time his conduct in the House-—and
gentlemen here will bear me out in thinking
that there are very few better criterions of a
man's character than his continued conduct m
this House—his conduct here has been such
as to impress me with the justice and the
honor and the wisdom of the man. I had come
to lean largely upon his opinion and upon his
advice.
No man can tell how grieved I have been,
therefore, at the report which this committee
have made to the House. But close to him
as I sat, much as I was m the habit of relying
upon his opinion, opposed as 1 believe 1 was
on every occasion when the subject came be-
fore the House to the wishes and desires of the
•Pacific Railway Company,it is simply due to Mr.
Brooks to say that never on any occasion did
he seek to influence me or control my action in
favor of that company or measures in its inter-
est. And there were occasions, sir, when 1 was
in some doubt as to what my duty was, and when
he could probably have influenced my action ;
occasions, such as that when the House was
first, called upon to act upon the Goat Island
bill, when I hesitated under the arguments
advanced in its support, and when a word
from Mr. Brooks might have changed my
vote to one in favor of instead of against the
measure, and that at a juncture when the vote
was very close. But on no occasion did he
ever do so ; nor indeed did he ever-do or say
anything to me in ail my service here to indicate
that lis official conduct was not iu every respect
ihat of an honorable and upright man. I
make this declaration without Mr. Brooks's
request or knowledge. I have had no com-
munication with him or his since this invest-
igation began beyond the merest civilities on
meeting him in the House. It is a declara-
tion unsought, and I make it because it is true,
and being true, I make it now and here, be-
cause now and here it is due to him, as it
would be to any other man arraigned for an
offense, even if instead of having a long and
distinguished record to appeal to he were but
the meanest criminal.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SPEEB. Each member of this House
is this day confronted with a solemn duty;
and however willing he may be to escape it,
he cannot do so without proving false to him-
self and false to his constituents.
This duty is painful to me almost beyond
expression ; but I have lived long enough to
learn that duties are not to be avoided
simply because their performance is not pleas-
ant.
I came to this House two years ago a
stranger to all the gentlemen who are impli-
cated in the Credit Mobilier investigation ;
but I came with the kindest prepossessions in
favor of the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Brooks.] 1 had long heard of his name and
his fame; I had learned to treasure them as
a part of the history of my party and of my
country. Hence, in the examination of this
evidence, so far as it affects him, I was a par-
tial judge in his favor; but, step by step, as I
advanced, my mind was brought irresistibly to
the conclusion which I am now about to ex-
press to this House. I would intentionally
add no weight to the sorrow that crushes his
heart, but I must obey my convictions of duty
regardless of all personal considerations.
Mr. Speaker, there are but two questions
here: first, has this House jurisdiction ? If it
has not, that is an end of the inquiry. If it
has, then what, if any, are the offenses which
have been c'ommitted by the gentlemen named,
and are they such as to justify th'eir expulsion
or censure ? For myself I have no more doubt
of the power of the House to expel a member
for an offense committed before his election
than I have of my existence. The power is
expressly given in the Constitution, article
one, section five, which declares:
"Each House may determine the rules of its pro-
ceedings, punish its members for disorderly beha-
vior, and with the concurrence of two thirds expel
a member."
" Punish" them " for disorderly behavior"
committed when and where? Committed in
the presence of, or during the session of the
House ? The Constitution does not say so.
Committed during the session of Congress,
but in a recess? The Constitution does not
say so. The time when the offense shall have
been committed is not stated. The power is
absolutely given, with this single limitation
and qualification of its exercise, that it shall
be by a two thirds vote of the House. In
terms the grant of power is limitless : but its
exercise should be guided by a wise, honest,
and conscientious discretion. The grant is
dangerous; but this fact appeals only for cars
and caution. The express grant of a power
like this is not to be rendered worthless by
the charge that it may be abused. This House
has the absolute power to expel a member, but
the true inquiry in each ease is, do the facts
justify the exereise of the power.
Now, in properly construing this grant of
power, we should inquire what was the pur-
pose for which it was given, what, is its use
and necessity? It is a self-protective power,
a self-purifying power. If, then, it lias been
given to the House for the purpose of en-
abling it to protect itself against unworthy
members, I ask whether the House does not
need this power to protect itself from a mem-
ber who may have become unworthy yester-
day, as well as against a member who ha8
become unworthy today? Shall ihe date of
the crime measure its moral guilt or turpitude ;
i and if not, shall the date ot its commission
