1830
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February -27,
measure the power and jurisdiction of this
House? I do not think so. Let us look for
one moment at two or three illustrations to test
this doctrine of jurisdiction. If I understand
the position of the learned gentleman from
Kentucky [Mr. Beck] and others who deny the
jurisdiction of this House it is that if a man
on the last hour of the last night before the
election should commit a rape, or a burglary,
or a murder, and in virtue of an election held
the next day, should come into this House, we
are powerless to protect ourselves against his
presence ; but if the offense was not committed
until the moment after the ballot-box was
closed, then we can take jurisdiction and
expel him.
The decision of Chief Justice Shaw, cited
by the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Butler] last evening, states that the legis-
lative body has undoubted power to expel a
man who has an infections disease, and this
the gentleman from Kentucky admits; but if
the doctrine of my learned friend from Ken-
tucky is true, the man must have contracted
the infectious disease after his election to give
the House power to expel him. If the disease
had been contracted before his election the
House would be powerless. Now, Mr. Speaker,
I draw an exact analogy between this illus-
tration of an infectious disease and the crime
■with which these gentlemen here are charged.
We have here an offense not dying at the
moment it is committed, but the fruits of which
are intended to run through the congressional
career of the man who commits it—intended
to control his voice and his vote on this floor
as long as he remains a member; month after
month and year after year he puts into his
pocket the price for which he has agreed to
surrender his independence and honor as a
Representative, in precisely the same way as
the man who contracts an infectious disease
on the night before the election may carry it
with him for one, two, or three years after-
ward during his occupancy of a seat here. The
member makes a contract for a bribe, and sits
here by the side of my honorable friend from
Kentucky with the gold which is the price
of his dishonor in his pocket; yet according
to the view of my friend the Representatives
of the people are powerless 1 The corrupt
bargain may have been made before the elec-
tion and carefully concealed until after ; and
yet this concealment saves the guilty party
from defeat perhaps at the polls; and the
offense fortunately antedating the election,
strips this House of all jurisdiction of the
offender.
This is not the case of a criminal prosecu-
tion ; it is the cause of the people—a cause
involving the honor and the integrity of the
Congress of the United States, the character
and fair fame of the whole American people.
Mr. Speaker, if there is any doubt about the
jurisdiction of the House in this case I think
the gentleman from New York [Mr. Brooks]
himself has setth-d that question. Mr. Brooks
rose in his seat on the 17th of December last
to a question of privilege, and in defining his
position in relation to the Union Pacific rail-
road and the Credit Mobilier, with uplifted
hand and eye used these words: "But as a
member of Congress and as a member of one
of the most important committees of the House
in which millions of dollars are directly or in-
directly pending, if what Mr. McComb says be
true, I am unfit to be a member of this House
and ought to be expelled not only from this
House, but from all association with decent
men here or elsewhere."
I ask the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr.
Beck,] who is in his seat, for what purpose
or by whose authority it is he interposes the
plea of jurisdiction here when the jurisdiction
and the necessity for its exercise, if the facts be
found, are expressly conceded by Mr. Brooks
himself? That be admits the right and the
jx wei' of this Houie to expel him if the facts
alleged against him be true his careful and
elaborate speech made upon this very subject
most clearly showB.
Next we come to the facts. I have not time
to discuss them. I agree with the committee
in their finding and recommendation as to Mr.
Ames and Mr. Brooks, and I agree with Mr.
Brooks, the facts being found that they pre-
sent a proper case for expulsion. I say fur-
ther, while I hate read and reread with anxious
care this morning the testimony in relation to
the gentlemen implicated, so far as the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] and
the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Sco-
field] are concerned, I cannot and will not
vote either to expel or to censure either of
them. I owe them nothing personally or po-
litically ; but I owe it to my convictions as a
man. I owe it to my sense of duty. I owe it
to the cause of truth, to say, after the most
careful examination of the testimony and the
facts in relation to them, I believe them to be
innocent of corrupt intent or conduct. But
when I come to Mr. Kelley and to Mr. Gar-
field I say with the same honesty of purpose
and the same sincerity of conviction I cannot
believe them guiltless. They never paid a
dollar. Mr. Kelley received $1,079 in divi-
dends. For what? For nothing. Without
the investment of a single dollar he became
in six months the owner of a thousand dollars
of stock in the Credit Mobilier, worth three
or four thousand dollars, and he pocketed
$1,079 in cash besides.
[Here the hammer fell.]
On motion of Mr. BECK, (at one minute
before eleven o'clock a. m., Thursday, Feb-
ruarys?,) the House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rale, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. CLARKE": The petition of Edwin
R. Reynolds and others, citizens of Orleans
couuty, New York, in favor of extending the
money-order system to all post offices.
By Mr. CARROLL: The memorial of Hon.
Charles S. Lester and others, of Saratoga
county, in the State of New York, in relation
to the increase of the salaries of certain judges
of the United States courts.
By Mr. ESTY: The petition of Francis
Jewett, mayor, and the city council and citi-
zens of Lowell, Massachusetts, for the con-
struction of a post office building in that city.
By Mr. KELLOGG: The memorial of John
Fritz, of Bethlehem, Pennsylvania, for leave
to apply to the Commissioner of Patents -for
the extension of letters-patent.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, February 27, 1873.
The House met at eleven o'clock, a. m.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. BtJtLER,
D, D.
By unanimous consent, the reading of the
Journal was dispensed with.
utah
Mr. POTTER, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented the following memorial; which was
ordered to be printed in the Globe:
To the President of the United States, and the Senate
and Home of Representatives in Congress assem-
bled:
The memorial of the undersigned, bankers, capi-
talists, and merchants of the city of New York, re-
spectfully represents—
That, mindful of the imperative necessity of pru-
dent and judicious action on the part of the Govern-
ment in matters affecting the commercial and
material interests of the several western States and
Territories, with a view to enhance and perpetuate
such interests and to avoid all legislation inimical
to the uninterrupted development of the resources
thereof. Your memorialists ask that all immi diate
legislation for the Territory of Utah be suspended
until athorough andimpartialinvestigationbemade
into the affairs of said Territory by a commission of
five or more impartial and experienced <iftlzens, to be
appointed by Congress for that purpose, and until
the result of such investigation shall be reported by
the said commission.
h.b.claelin&co;
e. p. m£y & brother. ,
 s- 
benedict, hall & co.
LOCEW0ODAOO. ..
kountze brothers.
e. t; bishop.
frederick C. SCHMIDT.
KiNilLi'LBUI&iSTT.
joseph rudd& co.
james murray.
borland, dearborn & co.
john g. bolander.
s. e. hubbard. ,
james k. sellece.
s. p. hubbard.
william m, eliess & co.
henry smith.
james b. john&toft.
l. m. bates & co.
russell & erwin,
Manufacturing Company.
richard p. bruff, Attorney.
hagen & billings.
g. t. vullers, 229 Broadway.
m. t. hagen. 433 Broadway.
a. w. foster, 229 Broadway.
benjamin g. hann.
j. h. uppincott.
donnell, lawson & co.,
4 Watt strebt.
spoepord brothers & co.
james m. ham.
james lathrop.
pier & parker.
julius wadsworth.
credit mobilier.
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. Mr. Speaker, I
desire to say a single word. When I entered
from my committee-room a moment ago my
friend from Pennsylvania [Mr. Speer] was
setting forth my position in a way the gentle-
man could not have done if he understood me
correctly. What I maintained was this, and
I repeat here that I do not defend Mr. Brooks
or anybody else, as Mr. Speer intimates: that
this House had no jurisdiction over an offense
committed by a man not connected with this
body at the time the offense was committed.
I claim and maintain the power of expulsion
is a power to protect the body, and any act of
a man concerning his election, any contract in
regard to hiselection, even if made years before,
in order to get into this House for any purpose
whereby he may contaminate it, to do corrupt
acts of any sort, is one which we can inquire into.
If he does anything before he becomes a mem-
ber of the House, not in regard to his election,
and not connected at all with his duties here,
I deny that the House has any power over
him. The courts of the country and his con-
stituents must deal with him. The power
given to the House by the Constitution is a
power tb protect ourselves, and the limitation
under the Constitution of two thirds required
to expel a member is a protection to the
member accused against the excitement, it may
be, of partisan malignity.
Mr. SPEER. Were they not both members
of Congress at the time ?
Mr. BECK. ' They were both members of a
Congress, but they were not members of this
Congress at that time.
Mr. STEVENSON. I rise to the point of
order that this debate is all out of order. It
was the understanding last evening that this
morning at eleven o'clock, after the reading
of the J ournal, the previous question should
be considered as having been seconded, and the
hour for closing the debate should then begin.
Mr. SARGENT. Mr. Speaker, I do not
wish to debate the matter, but merely to make
a modification of the amendment which I sub-
mitted last evening.
The Clerk read as follows :
Whereas by the report of the.special committee
herein it appears that the acts charged as offenses
against members of this House ill connection with
the Credit Mobilier of America occurred more than
live years ago and long before the election of such
persons to this Congress, two elections by the people
having intervened; and whereas grave doubts
exist as to the rightful exercise by this House of its
