870
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 27,
lowing provision contained in section six of the act
to nid in the construction of a railroad and telegraph
lioo from the Missouri river to the Pacific ocean,
and to secure to the Government the use of the same
for postal, military, and other purposes, approved
July 1,1862; "and after said railroad is completed,
unlil said bonds and interest are paid, at least five
per cent, of the net earnings of said road shall also
be annually applied to the payment thereof."
Mr. EDMUNDS. That will lead to a little
discussion. I think we ought to have an addi-
tion to that, calling upon the President for
certain information. Therefore, I think the
resolution had better go over until to-mor-
row.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution
will lie over.
executive mansion.
Mr. CONKLING submitted the following
resolution; which was considered by unani-
mous consent, and agreed to:
Mesolved, That the Committee on Public Build-
ings and Grounds be instructed to inquiro into the
expediency of making any use of the present Execu-
tive Mansion other than that to which it is now
devoted, and of taking any steps to provide another
residence for the President of the United States.
BILLS ItljCOMMlTTBD.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The next busi-
ness in order is the Calendar, under the Anthony
rule, which will be proceeded with until one
o'clock.
Mr. RAMSEY. There are two bills on the
Calendar which I should like to have recom-
mitted to the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads. They are the bill (S. No. 1077)
referring to the Court of Claims, for adjudica-
tion and determination, a claim for the past
and future use of the Norton post-marking
and postage-canceling hand-stamp, and the
bill (8. No. 1078) referring to the Court of
Claims a claim for the use of the Norton type-
wheel dating and printing machine; also the
dating and canceling hand-stamp.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That order will
be made if there be no objection. The Chair
hears no objection, and the bills will be recom-
mitted to the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads.
p. banning and b. d. wilson.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will report the first bill on the Calendar at the
point at which it is to be now resumed, under
the Anthony rule, beginning on page 11 of the
printed Calendar.
The Chief Cleiik. The first bill on the
Calendar where it is now resumed is the bill
(S. No. 1310) to restore certain property to
Phineas Banning and Benjamin D. Wilson.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill.
Mr. CASSBRLY. This bill was discussed
the last day the Calendar was before the Sen-
ate, and was under discussion at the expiration
of the morning hour. At that time the Sen-
ator from Iowa [Mr. Wright] made an objec-
tion to the bill that it took effect at once with-
out reference to a condition in section three.
I propose to obviate his objection by inserting
alter the word "that," in section three, the
words "this act shall not take elfect and" be-
fore the words "the surrender of such claim
shall not be made." I trust there may be no
objection, at all events, to adopting that amend-
ment. Itprotects the United States completely,
it seems to me, against the danger to which the
Senator from Iowa referred.
Mr. WRIGHT. It occurred to me on read-
ing the bill, as I suggested at the time, that
the bill was scarcely consistent with itself, for
the reason that by the first section, aa I now
remember, it contemplated a grant in presenti
to these parties, whereas by the amendment
of the Committee on Military Affairs it con-
templated an act to be done by the Secretary
of War before the grant should take effect.
As I understand it, the amendment proposed
by the Senator from California obviates that
objection and makes the bill consistent with
itself. I made the suggestion not from any
hostility to the bill, but for the purpose of re-
moving that apparent inconsistency. I think
it is removed by this amendment, so that I
have nothing further to say.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendments made as in
Committee of the Whole were concurred in.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There are amend-
ments to the preamble of this bill, which will
be considered now, the body of the bill having
been acted on.
The first amendment reported by the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs to the preamble was
to insert after the word "town" the word
" for," and after the word "only," in the same
line, to strike out the words "condition of
which was that'said lands should be used aud
occupied by the United States Government as
a military post and a military storehouse and
barracks," and to insert the words "consider-
ation of one dollar."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in the second clause
of the preamble, after the word "premises"
to strike out the words " have been abandoned
by the United States andso that the pre-
amble as amended will read:
Whereas, Phineas Banning conveyed to the Uni-
ted States of America, by deeds dated October 31,
1803, and February 28,1865, certain lands in the town
of Wilmington, or New San Pedro, in the county of
Los Angeles, Stato of California, and said Phineas
Banning and Benjamin D. Wilson conveyed to the
United btates, by deed dated February 12,1861, cer-
tain other lands in said town for tho solo and only
consideration of one dollar; and whereas said prem-
ises are not devoted or at ail necessary to any public
use.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, was read the third time, and
passed.
california judicial districts.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The next bill
on the Calendar will be read.
The Chief Clerk. A bill (S. No. 144) to
create the southern judicial district of Cali-
fornia.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That had better go over
unless there is an adverse report.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There does not
appear to be, according to the Calendar.
Mr. EDMUNDS. How was the bill re-
ported ?
Mr. SHERMAN. It is not on the Calendar.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is out of its
place on the Calendar. It will be restored to
the file. It was reported adversely by the
Committee on the Judiciary, and passed over
previously. It was accidentally out of its
place.
Mr. COLE. Is it passed over now?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be passed
over now, because it cannot be taken up out
of its order except by unanimous consent.
The Secretary will report the next bill.
national banks.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 1378) to require national banks to
restore their capital when impaired, and to
amend the national currency act; which was
considered as in Committee of the Whole. It
requires all national banks which shall have
failed to pay up their capital stock, as required
by law, and all national banks whose capital
stock shall have become impaired by losses or
otherwise, within three months after receiving
notice thereof from the Comptroller of the
Currency, to pay the deficiency in the capital
stock by assessment upon the shareholders
pro rata, for the amount of capital stock held
by each; and the Treasurer of the United
States is to withhold the interest upon all
bonds held by him in trust for such associa-
tion, upon notification from the Comptroller
of the Currency, until otherwise notified by
him ; and if such banks shall fail to pay up
their capital stock, and shall refuse to go into
liquidation, as provided by law, for three
months after receiving notice from the Comp-
troller, a receiver may be appointed to close
up the business of the association, according
to the provisions of the fiftieth section of the
national currency act.
The bill also proposes to amend section
fifty-seven of that act by adding thereto the
following:
And provided further. That no attachment, in-
junction, or execution shall be issued against such
association, or its property, before final judgment in
any such suit, action, or proceeding in any State,
county, or municipal court.
The bill further declares that all banks not
organized, and transacting business under the
national currency act, and all persons, com-
panies, or corporations doing the business of
bankers, brokers, or savings institutions, ex-
cept savings banks authorized by Congress to
use the word "national" as a part of their
corporate name, are prohibited from using the
word " national" as a portion of the name or
title of such bank, corporation, firm, or part-
nership; and every such bank corporation, or
firm which shall use the word " national" as
a portion of their corporate title or partner-
ship name six months after the passage of the
act are to be subject to a penalty of fifty dol-
lars for each day thereafter in which such word
shall be employed as part of such corporate
name or title, such penalty to be recovered by
action in any court having jurisdiction.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am directed by the
Committee on Finance to report an amend-
ment as an additional scction, to which I think
there will be no objection:
That it shall be theduty of the Comptroller of the
Currency to cause to be examined each year the
plates, dies, bed-pieces, and other material from
which the national bank circulation is printed in
whole or in part, and file in his office annually a
correct list of the same ; and such material as shall
have been used in the printing of notes of national
banks which are in liquidation or have closed busi-
ness shall be destroyed under such regulations as
shall be prescribed by the Comptroller of the Cur-
rency ana approved by the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, and the expense of such examination and de-
struction shall be paid out of any appropriation made
by Congress for the special examination of national
banks and bank plates.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended ; and the amendment was concurred
in. The bill was ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading, read the third timo, and passed.
house bills referred.
The following bills from the House of Rep-
resentatives were severally read twice by their
titles, and referred to the Committee on
Claims:
A bill (H. R. No. 2732) for the relief of
Ethan A. Sawyers;
A bill (II. R. No. 2899) for the relief of
Charles P. Carr, of Boston; and
A bill (H. R. No. 2901) for the relief of
Charles W. Denton, of Oregon.
The following bills were severally read twice
by their titles, and referred as indicated below :
A bill (H. R. No. 3351) making appropria-
tions for the naval service for the year ending
June 30, 1864, and for other purposes—to the
Committee on Appropriations.
A bill (H. R. No. 3476) to provide for the
removal of the wooden buildings on Judiciary
square—to the Committee on Public Buildings
and Grounds.
A bill (H. R. No. 3625) to amend an act
entitled an "An act governing the colored
schools of the District of Columbia—to the
Committee on the District of Columbia.
A bill (H. R. No. 3629) to provide for a dis-
trict and circuit court of the United States
for the northern district of Pennsylvania—to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
A bil (H. R. No. 3680) for the relief of the
personal representatives of Mary llobbins,
deceased, who was the widow of BrinuialRob-
bing, an officer of the army of the Revolution—
to the Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
