1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
power to expel a member for offenses committed by
sacn member long before his election thereto, and
not connected with such election : Therefore,
liesohed. That the special committee be dis-
charged from the further consideration of this sub-
ject.
Resolved, That the House absolutely condemns,
the conduct of Oakbs Ames, a member of this House
irom Massachusetts, in seeking to procure congres-
sional attehtion to the affairs of a corporation in
which hef -was interested, and whose interests
depended on the legislation of Congress, by directlr
inducing members of Congress to invest in the stock
of said corporation.
Besoleed, That this House absolutely condemns
the conduct of James Brooks a member of this
House from New York, for the use of his position
of Government director of the Union Pacific rail-
road, and of member of this House, to procure the
assignment to himself or family of stock in the
Credit Mubiher of America, a corporation having
a contract with the Union Pacific railroad, and
whose interests depended directly upon the legisla-
tion ol Congress.
Mr. POLAND rose.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ver-
mont [Mr. Poland] rises to close debate.
Mr. BURCHAlii). I desire to make an in-
quiry. Ait the resolutions of the gentleman
from California [Mr. Sargekt] offered as sub-
stitutes for the resolutions reported by the
committee?
Mr. SARGENT. Yes, sir.
_Mr. BURCHARD. If they should be sub-
stituted, can the question be divided ?
The SPEAKER. The question could not
be put upon the resolutions otherwise than
divided.
Mr. W. R. ROBERTS. Does the commit-
tee accept these resolutions ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not so
understand. In further answer to the gentle-
man from Illinois [Mr. Burchard] the Chair
would repeat what he stated last night, that
the Chair would not entertain at one time a
resolution or resolutions respecting more than
one member.
Mr. HALE. I would like to inquire, because
I do not know, what exactly is before the
House; what amendments, if any, have been
admitted ?
The SPEAKER. The resolutions just read
are all that have been offered in order.
Mr. HALE. Is it intended to admit far-
ther amendments?
The SPEAKER. The Chair understood
the gentleman from Vermont [Mr. Poland}
to be willing to admit further amendments.
Mr. POLAND. I suppose that any amend-
ment which any gentleman desires to offer
should be offered before the previous question
is seconded.
Mr. HALE. That is the point I was wish-
ing to get at.
Mr. LYNCH. Is not the resolution of the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Bbtler]
pending?
  The SPEAKER. The gentleman from
Massachusetts withdrew it last night.
Mr. HIBBAliD. Would it be in order to
offer resolutions in relation to other members
than those mentioned in the resolution of the
committee, after the previous question is sec-
onded?
The SPEAKER. It might be afcef the
pending resolutions respecting the two gentle-
men embraced in the committee's report were
disposed of, but not btfore.
Mr. RANDALL. Not if the whole subject
is laid 011 the table?
The SPEAKLR. Of course not. If the
wholesubject were laid 011 the table, that would
be the judgment of the House.
Mr. ARCHER. Are the preamble and the
resolutions offered by the gentleman from
California divisible?
Tin- SPEAKER. The Chair has already
Stated that, as the resolutions affect more than
One {vison, the question must be put upon
them separately. The preamble is also divis-
ible, because the preamble is last voted upon
when there is any difference of opinion in
regard to it. The question on the preamble
when it is disputed is always put last. The
gentleman from Vermont [Mr. Poland] is
entitled to one hour.
Mr, POLAND. I did not understand, Mr,
Speaker, whether it was a part of the arrange-
ment made last night that the previous ques-
tion was to be considered as seconded now, or
whether I shall move it.
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not un-
derstand that the previous question was to be
considered as seconded. The gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Stevenson] was in error as to the
point of order which he wished to make on the
gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Beck.]
Mr. POLAND. I move the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded and
the main question ordered.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from
Vermont [Mr. Polakd] rises to close debate,
and is entitled to one hour.
Mr. POLAND. Before proceeding I yield
to the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Hoar] for one minute.
Mr. HOAR. I desire one minute simply to
call the attention of the House to the impro-
priety, in any view of our constitutional
povj-er, of adopting the amendment of the
gentleman ftom California. That this House
in encountering the question whether we have
the power or have not the power, should say
simply that there are grave doubts as to what
we have the right to do, seems to me to be
establishing constitutional precedents worse
than anything that has been suggested.
Mr. POLAND. I yield for a moment to
the gentleman from California, [Mr. Sargekt }
Mr. SARGENT. The question of jurisdic-
tion is noi touched in the two final resolutions.
This House has no jurisdiction of the question
of a republic ift Spain, and yet it expresses its
opinion upon it. It has no jurisdiction over
the blowing of Sepoys from the mouths of guns,
and yet it condemns it, and therefore the final
resolutions are not in conflict with the pream-
ble.
Mr. POLAND then addressed the House
for one hour. [His speech will be printed in
the Appendix.]
The SPEAKER. The time of the gentle-
man ftom Vertoont [Mr. Poland] lias expired.
Mr. POLAND. Ihavebeen so much inter-
rupted that 1 would be glad to have a small
extension of time.
Mr. HOLMAN. I hope there will be no
objection to permitting the gentleman to con-
tinue.
Mr. MAYNARD. I was willing the other
day that the gentleman from Vermoct should
have a further extension of time, and I am
sorry he did not get it: but I must now insist
that the debate shall terminate.
Several Members. Let us vote.
Mr. TOWNSEND, ofNew York. Sufficient
time has already been occupied with this sub-
ject.
Mr. PO FTER. I hope there will be no
objection io allowing the gentleman from Ver-
mont to go on.
Mr. POLAND. I do not desire to press my
request, but 
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Unless
I shall be allowed time to answer the gentle-
man's misrepresentations of dates and facts, I
shall object. If 1 can have that opportunity,
I am willing he shall go on indefinitely.
Mr. TOWNSEND, of New York. I do not
think the gentleman from Vermont can com-
plain of any want of courtesy on the part of
the House.
Mr. POLAND. I do not complain of any-
body.
Mr. POTTER. I hope I shall be allowed
a few minutes to call attention to the eases
to which the gentleman from Vermont has
alluded, because I do not think ho has stated
them with his ordinary judicial care and im-
partiality.
Mr. POLAND. If I am not allowed to
finish my speech I must ofcjedt to any one
being allowed time to reply,
Mr. TOWNSEND, of New Ybrfe. <1 taut*
object to extending the tithe of tha gett tie mail'
from Vermont unless the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. BctIrk] be aildfee'd an
equal time. ;
Mr. MAYNARD. I objeet to fwtthfer dis-
cussion.
The SPEAKER. The immediately ^aid-
ing question is upon the resolution reported
from the select committee to expel Mr.
Oakes Ames, which wilJ be followed by
the resolution to expel Mr. James Brooks.
The gentleman from California [Mr. Sar-
gent] introduced a substitute afirectiug the
same two gentlemeh, in separate resolutions,
preceded by a preamhle. The first vote will
be as to whether the Houfee will Substitute
what is moved by the gentleman frorh Cali-
fornia for the two resolutions, expelling the
member from Massachusetts [Mr. AilES] and
the member from New York, [Mr. Brooks.}
Afterward, should the House make that sub-
stitution, the first vote will bfe on the first
resolution in the series offered by the gentle-'
man from California, in relation to, Oakes
Ames, and next in relation to Jambs Brooks,
and then in relation to the preamble.
Mr. POLAND. I demand the yeas and nays.
Mr. POTTER. Mr. Speaker, does the vote
on the adoption of the substitute compel the
House to vote on the substitute aa a whole
afterward, or can we take a vote on the reso-
lutions separately?
The SPEAKER. The question now is
whether the House will substitute this t'dt the
two resolutions of the committee. That does
not adopt anything. It merely brings this as a
substitute before the House. Then the House
will proceed to vote on the resolution of the
gentleman from California first offered respect-
ing Oakes Ames.
Mr. POLAND. The question is, then,
whether the House will substitute as to both
resolutions?
The SPEAKER. Yes; as to both resolu-
tions.
Mr. POTTER. By one vote?
"The SPEAKER. As to both; as to the
two gentlemen; the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Brooks] and the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Ames.]
Mr. FARNSWORTH. For the purpose of
referring this whole matter, with the testimony
and the report of the committee now pub-
lished, to the world—for the purpose of re-
ferring that to the people, I move the whole
subject be laid on the table.'
Mr. HOLMAN. I object to debate.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I am stating my
motion.
Mr. HOLMAN. Is any other motion in
order than one to lay upon the table, the
previous question having been ordered.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman may be
making a motion to lay on the table.
Mr. HOLMAN. The gentleman says he
is not, but proposes to refer the whole mat-
 
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move to lay the
whole subject on the table.
Mr. HOLMAN. I thought the gentleman
was debating a motion to refer.
Mr. ELD HEDGE. If I am in order, I
should like to make an inquiry in reference
to the preamble, so far as the motion to lay
cd the table is concerned.
Mr. HOLMAN. I object to debate.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illi-
nois moves to lay the whole subject on the
table.
Mr. HOLMAN. On that I demand the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. RANDALL. I hope while we are
taking the votes order will be preserved in the
Hall.
