872
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 27,
everybody can see that that does not keep the
money in the Treasury, but it in effect requires
the Secretary of the Treasury to continue to
pay it out, notwithstanding it may turn oat
that all this interest is due to us, and that this
set off ought to be made, and notwithstanding
it will turn out that each one of these companies
owes us very large sums of money, confessedly
of the five per cent, of net earnings which,
under the act of incorporation, they are bound
to pay in. It therefore puts us in the attitude
of allowing the disbursing officers of the Gov-
ernment to proceed to advance money to
these corporations when, in one undoubted
and undisputed respect, they ought to pay us
greater sums every year than those that are
earned for transportation, and in another
respect that is disputed it may turn out that
they ought to pay us still larger ones.
Now the question is whether that is wise
legislation to undertake. When shall we get
to an end of it, Mr. President? The circuit
court of the United States for the southern
district of New York has jurisdiction; bat
there is no provision for the service of process
out of that court. It has jurisdiction of the
subject-matter. The Union Pacific Railroad
Company may have an office there, so that
service can be obtained, or it may not. I
believe by law they moved over to Boston ; I
am not sure about that. I believe its legal
residence, if a United States corporation can
have a legal residence, is in Boston. Now,
if the circuit court of the United States for
the southern district of New York has juris-
diction conferred upon it to hear, try, and
determine this cause against these companies,
how, under existing laws and without a special
provision, are you to arrange to get service
on these companies and make them amenable
to the jurisdiction? Not one of them is resi-
dent in the southern dislrict of New York.
The Central Pacific, I suppose, has its legal
residence, if you can impute that to a cor-
poration of this character at all, in the State
of California; the Kansas Pacific somewhere
else; and the Union Pacific central branch
somewhere else; and so on. The question,
therefore, is whether it is intended by my
friend from Maine, by this amendment, to com-
mence six distinct suits, as you must, if you
begin in that way agamst all these corpora-
tions, not in the places where they are located,
not where the marshal can find them and serve
process upon them, but in a court where no
one of them can bo compelled to appear until
they can be caught, and, having no tangible
existence, it is not-very easy to catch them, un-
less you go to a place where the law imputes
to them an existence, and a residence. There
would be one difficulty; perhaps it is not in-
superable, butwhy do we seek difficult methods
of redress if we are in earnest in getting the
redress at all ?
In the next place, when could we get a
determination in that way? Other suitors in
the circuit court of the United States lor the
southern district of New York have just the
same right to appeal to that court for redress
in their causes as we have. There are a thou-
sand causes, and more, upon the calendar of
that court now, and it is perfectly well under-
stood that a suit commenced in that court now,
supposing it were entered this day, could not,
in the ordinary course, and in the ordinary
chances of affairs, be reached for trial in three
years. The court is blocked up, and in order
to give it some relief, it is so overcrowded, we
have provided an additional judge to go over
there from the Brooklyn district, in order to
try the criminal causes, so as to help it on
somewhat. Mean time, with all these difficul-
ties and all these delays, the people are being
taxed to advance money to these companies,
when the companies are indebted to us in
respect to the five per cent., confessedly, in
much larger sums, and, in respect to the inter-
est, in larger sums still, provided they are
bound to pay at all.
Now, I do submit to the good sense of the
Senate, believing that all Senators are in
earnest about this business, that the simplest
way here is merely to direct the Secretary of
the Treasury to keep this money, and let these
companies sue in the Court of Claims, where a
hearing can be quickly had, and, where they
are plaintiffs, with no difficulty in having juris-
diction, personal as well as subjective, and let
it go up.
It has been suggested that it is singular that
we should be called upon to reverse the action
of March 3, 1871, when the Senate and House
of Representatives, by a decided majority it
is said, and truly, directed the Secretary of the
Treasury to pay this money over. But, Mr.
President, we were then subjected to severe
influences. Great pressure was brought to
bear upon the sympathies of Senators and
members of Congress, and, indeed, it is stated
in a public newspaper, an extract from which
I hold in my hand, that has just been furnished
me, that it has appeared before one of the
committees of the House, in a public hearing,
(so that I may lawfully refer to it, I suppose,)
from the testimony of Mr. Oliver Ames, who
was then president of the Union Pacific Rail-
road Company, "that on the 9th day of
March "—six days after the passage of this act
of 1871—"the directors of that company set
apart $128,000 for the expenses of favorable
legislation." If the Union Pacific, having one
half the length of the line, had to pay $128,000
for getting up the public opinion and the sym-
pathy that appealed to all our hearts, then I
suppose the Central Pacific, which is just as
long and just as rich, put up another $128,000,
which would make $256,000, and then these four
other little branches—I do not know how long
they are—paying in by a pro rata arrangement
aa on a through freight bill—I suppose, say,
fifty or one hundred thousand dollars more—a
very considerable capital would be accumu-
lated for the purpose of creating a public
opinion which should react upon us, as, of
course, public opinion always ought to do, for
we are nothing but the servants of the public.
Thus it was that we passed that great measure
of justice to these companies, who were so
broken down when we passed that bill that it
would be ruinous to them for us to hold on to
one half of the freights to meet this interest;
they were in such pecuniary distress that they
could pay us nothing. But they could put up
half a milliou or a quarter of a million of money
to influence legislation without distressing
themselves at all.
Mr. President, I hope the day of "money
for favorable legislation " has gone by. I say
to my from Maine, who I know feels as I feel
about this business, that we are perfectly jus-
tified, in view of what we now know, in re-
tracing our steps, and, instead of being com-
plained of by the people and the tax-payers as
being guilty of inconsistent and conflicting
legislation, we shall be praised as having cor-
rected a wrong that we inadvertently, and with-
out a knowledge of the facts, committed a
couple of years ago. It is for this reason that
I hope that, whatever else we may do in the
way of providing for the institution of suits,
we shall hold on to this money that is in the
Treasury, that belongs to the people of the
United States, until these companies demon-
strate their right to have it, in the face of the
fact that they do not comply with the law in
paying up the five per cent, that they are in-
debted to us ; and many of them are not com-
plying with the law in reporting even the data
upon which we can get at the five per cent.,
supposing, perhaps, that it will only be neces-
sary from time to time to raise one or two
hundred thousand dollars to keep all the De-
partments and everybody else quiet, and let
the thing drift on, they meantime taking the
money.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I have not the
slightest possible feeling on this subject, and I
do not think anybody supposes that I have.
My attention had not been called to it; and, as
I said when I w*s up on a former day, upon
the question of the legal rights of these parties,
I had not examined the subject sufficiently to
form an opinion. That is my condition to-day.
I am not looking at it in that light at all. It
is evident that between Congress and the De-
partments some complications have arisen,
growing out of conflicting opinions as to the
rights of these parties, and Congress itself
stands upon the record as having directed two
years ago, in conformity with an opinion of the
legal organ of this body, the payment over to
the companies of a portion of these earnings.
Now this same Congress stands in the attitude
of declining to do it any further, of saying, "We
will repeal that action." Wherefore ? Is any
body enlightened on the subject? Have we
any more light on the subject now than we had
heretofore ? Why do we reverse that action ?
Has the legal organ of this body settled that it
was wrong? We have not heard from that
organ at all on the subject. Does any body
here or anywhere else say that it was an im-
proper thing which we did in 1871 ? Whether
it was or not, I do not know. Whether it acts
as an injustice to the companies or to the Gov-
ernment, I am not advised, and I have no
opinion upon'that subject; but certainly we
have reversed by what we have already done
the action of 1871.
I do not complain of that because I think
that action was impolitic and unwise. The
point in dispute was a judicial question then,
and in my judgment it ought to have remained
a judicial question until the proper tribunal
had settled it, and there should have been no
necessity for a conflict of opinions between
the Executive Departments and Congress ; but
we did not do that. The action of Congress
to day leaves it a judicial question precisely.
It leaves it where in my judgmeut it ought to
have been left, without the intervention of
Congress.
What next? My honorable friend from
Vermont says, let Congress say that this money
shall not be paid over to the companies. Iam
not certain that, it ought to be ; I am rather of
the impression that it ought not to be ; but 1
have no opinion on that subject; and still we are
all of us confronted with the iact that it is a
judicial question and ultimately must be set-
tled by the courts. Therefore this amend-
ment of mine is predicated upon the assump-
tion that the sooner you make a judicial ques-
tion and put it in shape to be determined as a
judicial question, the sooner all these compli-
cations will disappear and the sooner Congress
will be relieved from this question and the
parties will understand what their rights are.
It may be that this is not the best possible
mode of accomplishing that object, but it is
the best that, occurred to me upon the instant;
not oiiginal with me, but suggested by the
Senator from Kentucky, [Mr. Stevenson ;]
that as the companies cannot proceed against
the Government by judicial process, we must
provide^some means by which it can be set-
tled. The Government may proceed against
them by judicial process, and, as the Govern-
ment may do so, it seems to me that the
Government can well afford to take upon
itself the settlement of the question, and this
amendment simply directs the method of
doing it.
The Senator from Vermont has suggested
some two or three difficulties which I will see if
I cannot obviate by some trifling amendments.
In the first place, in line three of this amend-
ment, I propose to strike out the words " in
court,'' as useless. That is merely a verbal
correction, to which I suppose there will be no
objection. In line eight, I propose to strike
out the words "southern district of New
York'' and insert "several districts of the
United States," so that it will read, "and
jurisdiciion is hereby conferred upon the
circuit courts of the United States for the
several districts of the United States instead
