1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
873
of confining it to the circuit court for the
southern district of New York, so as to give to
any district or circuit court of the United
States authority over the subject.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Ferry,
of Michigan, in the chair.) If there be no
objection, the amendment of the Senator from
Maine will be so modified.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to have the
amendment as modified reported at the desk,
so that we can understand exactly hovsr it
stands.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sec-
retary will report the amendment to the
amendment, as modified.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
It shall bo the duty of the President to take such
measures or to institute such suits as may be neces-
sary to recover from the Pacific railroad companies
the interest paid by the United States on bonds
issued for the use of either of said roads; and juris-
diction is hereby conferred upon the circuit courts
of the United States for the several districts of the
United States to hear and determine such suits,
subject to appeal as in other oases.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I suggest to the
Senator from Maine a further amendment
to his amendment. It is to insert after the
word "roads" the words '• and the five per
cent, on the net proceeds provided for by
law." Then it would read:
It shall be the duty of the President to take such
measures or to institute such suits as may be neces-
sary to recover from the Pacific railroad companies
the interest paid by the United States on bonds
issued for the use of either of said roads, and the
Jive per cent, on the net proceeds provided for by
law.
There is no question that these companies
were bound to create a fund of five per cent,
of the net proceeds when the road was com-
pleted, and there is but little question in my
mind that the road was completed for the
creation of the five per cent, fund when it
was completed, so as to enable the Govern-
ment to pay the bonds to the companies.
Mr. EDMUNDS. And the land grants,
where the President has to swear that the road
is completed according to the provisions of
the act.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Does the Sen-
ator from New Jersey understand that that is
not paid?
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I understand it
is not.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. And that there
are net proceeds?
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Yes, sir. I do
not know how the fact is about net proceeds.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I do not see
any objection to that modification.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Then you ac-
cept this amendment?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Yes, sir.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. The very ques-
tion to be inquired into is as to whether there
are net proceeds.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I merely wish to remind
the Senator from Maine that I was not able to
speak loud enough ou Friday to have him hear
me, because reports from the directors of
these companies were read in order to show
that they had large net earnings, although we
could not get them all together, and the point
was that they claimed the road was not done
and that their interest account ought to be
taken out first.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I do noHike
to have my friend put mo in the false position
of not having given special attention to his
argument. He did not read the report. The
report was read at tlie desk, and that accounts
for my not paying attention.
Mr. THURMAN. I was unable, owing to
illness, to be in the Senate Friday, when this
matter was under consideration, and I do not
know that I have the facts in regard to it that
then occurred correctly in my mind ; but, if I
am not misinformed, the Senate then went
through this bill, and no motion was made to
strike out the second section ot the bill, the
section which repeals the ninth section of the
act of March 8, 1871. By that ninth section
the Secretary of the Treasury was directed to
pay one half of the transportation account of
the United States to these railroad companies.
The second section of the pending bill pro-
poses to repeal that sectioD, so that there
shall be no positive direction to him in that
mandatory form, and I understand that no
motion is made to strike out this repealing
section. Everybody seems to be willing that
it shall pass, and therefore the Senator from
Maine in his remarks this morning assumes
that as done.
Now, then, let us see how the matter stands.
The Union Pacific road was substantially com-
pleted in 1869. Parts of it had been com-
pleted and accepted by the Government before
that time. Large transportation accounts ac-
crued against the United States from the time
that the road began to be operated in part,
and increased as the road was completed, until
on its completion in 18G9 the transportation
account amounted to a very large sum. Under
the action of Mr. McCulloch, the then Secre-
tary of the Treasury, one half of the trans-
portation account was paid to the companies,
as I understand ; that is, he construed the law
of 1864 as requiring him to pay one half of the
transportation account of the Government,
although the Government was paying the in-
terest upon the bonds. Secretary Boutwell
must have construed the law in the same wav
up to September, 1870, for we hear no com-
plaint that one half the transportation was not
paid during the whole of the year 1869 and
during eight months of the year 1870. Here,
then, were two Secretaries of the Treasury
who construed this law according to its plain
language, which said that not more than one
half of the transportation account should be
retained by the Government, and, acting on
the construction of that plain language, paid
to these companies that one half of the trans-
portation account and only withheld the other
half.
But in September, 1870, the Secretary of
the Treasury refused to pay one half the
transportation account, and took the opinion
of the then Attorney General, Mr. Akerman,
as to his right to withhold it, and the Attorney
General gave him an opinion in which he
asserted that the Government had a right
to do that. Upon what ground, pray ? Not
upon the ground that the statute gave any such
right; not upon the ground that there was a
line in the statutes that gave any such right;
not upon the ground that any possible inter-
pretation of the statutes gave any such right;
but on the ground that it was a common law
right of the Government, a right of set-off
which it had notwithstanding the positive and
mandatory language of the statute law; and
upon that opiuiou of Mr. Attorney General
Akerman, Mr. Boutwell refused to pay the
money.
Thereupon Congress was appealed to, and
the Senate saw fit to send the legal question
to the Judiciary Committee. The Judiciary
Committee did not ask it to be'sent to them.
They did not want it to be so sent, I fancy, if
the individual wishes ofits members could have
been ascertained, but it was sent as a simple
legal question to that committee to answer
precisely as a judge would bo compelled to
answer a legal question. No question of pol-
icy, no question of fact, no question of states-
manship, no question of the equitable relations
between these companies and the Government
was referred to the committee, but simple naked
questions of law, and upon those questions that
committee made a report after a long and
patient and earnest investigation. I am not
here to say whether the conclusion at which
that committee arrived was right or was not
right. It received the sanction of two thirds
of the Senate in the passage of the ninth sec-
! tion of the act of March 3, 1871, and it must
| have received the sanction of the House of
| Representatives, for that section passed the
House too prima fade. Therefore, it is an
opinion, I think, that is entitled to some re-
spect. Now, it is proposed by this bill to
repeal that amendment to the Army appro-
priation bill of 1871, which was moved by the
Senator from Nevada [Mr. Stewart] and
adopted upon that bill in accordance with the
legal opinion expressed by the Judiciary Com-
mittee, and I understand nobody has made any
question as to whether it ought to be repealed
or not.
Mr. STEVENSON. Will the Senator from
Ohio permit me to ask him a question ?
Mr. THURMAN. Certainly.
Mr. STEVENSON. I understand the Sen-
ator to assert that this section passed both the
House and the Senate. I was not a member
of Congress at that time, but my information
is that the amendment now under discussion
was put on by a conference committee; and if
there was a conference committee on the sub-
ject there must have been a disagreement
between the two Houses.
Mr. THURMAN. The Senator is entirely
mistaken. The amendment was moved by the
Senator from Nevada in the Senate. I am
speaking of the amendment of 1871.
Mr. STEVENSON. I understand that that
amendment was carried in a conference com-
mittee.
Mr. THURMAN. Not at all. It was
moved by the Senator from Nevada on my
right, [Mr. Stewart.] It was very largely
debated.
Mr. STEVENSON. That was in the Sen-
ate. It was not debated in the House, I under-
stand. At least I observe, in a debate that
lately took place in the House, it was charged
as having been put on by a conference com-
mittee.
Mr. THURMAN. I will answer how that
matter was in a moment. It was put on in the
Senate on the motion of the Senator from Ne-
vada. It was put on after a discussion of this
very question. It was put on after the Senator
from Vermont, if my recollection is right, had
explained his views, for he was the only dis-
senting member of the Judiciary Committee,
and after my colleague had made a speech
against it, and expressed his dissent to the
legal conclusions of the Judiciary Committee ;
and it was put on by a vote of yeas and nays.
That is the way it was put on the bill in the
Senate—by a distinct vote of yeas and nays,
thirty-six to half that number. I have the
record here before me. That was not the only
amendment that was made by the Senate to
the Army appropriation bill of that year.
I There were a number of amendments made,
{land then, when thebill went back to the House
of Representatives, it shared the fate that, I
believe, every appropiiation bill has had for
the last ten years or more ; and if my friend
will look into it he will find it so, that the
House uniformly dissents from the amend-
ments of the Senate in toto, and asks for a
committee of conference—a very bad practice,
I think.
Mr. STEVENSON. That is what I said. I
understood my friend to say that the amend-
ment passed, and secured the approval both
of the House of Representatives and the Sen-
ate. If that had been true, there could not
have been a conference committee upon it. I
'understand that, they did have a conference
committee, and that this amendment was not
before that time known of or debated in the
House of Representatives. When the two
Houses agree upon any matter, they do not
have a conference committee; and conse-
quently, if this amendment was put on in con-
ference, there must have been a disagreement
upon it between the two Houses.
Mr. THURMAN. It was'not put on in
conference. That is where my friend is in
error. The amendments made by the Senate
to the appropriation bill were disagreed to by
the House, and the House asked for a confer-
ence committee, as is the universal practice.
