874
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 27,
This was one of the amendments put on by
tbe Senate.
Mr. STEVENSON. But my friend must
perceive that if the House and the Senate had
agreed to this amendment, they would not
have had a conference upon it.
Mr. THURMAN. If my friend will allow
me to get through he will find that he is jump-
ing before he gets to the stile. If the House
did not agree to this amendment, how in the
name of sense did it become a law ?
Mr STEVENSO"N. It was passed by the
adoption of the conference report.
Mr. THURMAN. No, sir. The House
disagreed to the amendments of the Senate,
and then a conference committee followed es
a matter of course. Then that conference
committee recommended an agreement to this
particular amendment of the Senate or to a
substitute for it, one that effected the same
thing; i do not remember exactly which it
was.
Mr. STEVENSON. Ah 1
Mr. THURMAN. The Senator says " ah!"
Then the matter was debated in the House,
and if the Senator will look at the speech of
his own Representative, who was on that con-
ference committee, and who repelled the
charge that it was surreptitiously done, he will
not make that charge.
Mr. STEVENSON. I did not make that
charge. On the contrary I know it was not
surreptitiously done; but the Senatorfrom Ohio
must not change the issue. I may "jump be-
fore I get to the stile but we will see whether
I have done so when we look to the record.
He alleged that this amendment had been
adopted and I understood him to say had re-
ceived the approval of both Houses of Con-
gress. 1 rose to ask him if he was not mistaken
in that matter. Now he says that this amend-
ment was put on in conference committee.
Mr. THURMAN. No, 1 do not.
Mr. STEVENSON. Why, my colleague in
the House, Mr. Buck, stated so expressly.
The charge in the House of Representatives
the other day was that it. was surreptitiously put
on. My colleague, Mr. Beck, promptly dis-
abused the public mind of such a suspicion by
showing what took place at the time the con-
ference report came in. 1 never believed that
this amendment, was surreptitiously put on;
but the Senator from Ohio will find that it was
put on in the conference report. If anybody
has jumped before he got to the stile, it is my
friend from Ohio and not L '
Mr. THURMAN. Upon my word I am
utterly umiblc to comprehend the Senator.
What does he mean by saying that the amend-
ment did not. pass both Houses of Congress?
How could it. become a law if it did not pass
both Houses?
Mr. STEVENSON. I did not say it did not
pass Congress; I say that it, passed both Houses
through a conference report.
Mr. THURMAN. It passed as every other
amendment passes. It, had first passed the
Senate—passed after debate, passed on the
yeas and nays, went to the House, and with
all the other amendments was referred to a
conference committee, and then when it came
back that committee reported in favor of the
amendment, and the amendment was con-
curred in by the House, and I should like to
know what more action the House could take
upon it. What is the use of saying the House
did not pass it ?
Mr. STEVENSON. I did not mean to say
that the House did not pass it. I know i"t
became a law. The only point of difference
between the Senator and myself was that I
understood the Senator from Ohio to say that
this amendment passed the Senate first and
was then discussed and received the approval
of the House of Representatives. It did pass
the Senate, but it did not pass the House, as
that body non-concurred in it. It went to
conference and was adopted by Congress on
the report of u conference committee. The
only point was, I understood the Senator as
implying it had passed both the Senate and
House after discussion and consideration. I
rose to suggest that the House at first non-
concurred.
Mr. THURMAN. It is a point that really
has nothing in it. If all the conference com-
mittees in the world had reported in favor of
it, could it be a law until it had passed the
House ? What difference does it make, after it
went from the Senate to the House, that a
committee of conference reported in favor of
the amendment? That only strengthens it, I
should say; that only shows that it was con-
sidered ; that only shows that it did not go
through surreptitiously, but that it was con-
sidered by a committee, and on the report of
that committee was assented to by the House.
Now, Mr. President, I am not going to argue
the legal question involved here. It seems
that everybody is in favor of repealing that
provision of the act of March 3, 1871. What
1 desire to call attention to is this: how will
that leave the matter ? Because now it is ad-
mitted on all hands that there ought to be
some judicial decision of this question, and I
agree that there ought to be. The interest of
the Government requires that there should be,
and the interest of these companies requires
that there should be, for this matter ought
not to be at loose ends in this way. What
was the effect of its being at loose ends
before? I saw a statement theother day, and
I believe it is correct, that when this decision
was made by the Secretary of the Treasury
not to pay the one half transportation, the
stock of the Union Pacific railroad went down
to nine per cent.—nine cents on the dollar.
After the decision by Congress that it should
be paid, that same stock went up to thirty
cents on the dollar. Tbe Senator from Ne-
vada [Mr. Stewart] nods his head. He is
more familiar with the facts than I am. I saw
that statement the other day in what appeared
to be an authentic form. Thus it. will be seen
that the stock-gamblers were enabled to spec-
ulate in that stock to the amount of twenty-
one cents profit on an investment of nine cents;
on an investment of nine cents to make twenty-
one cents profit. It seems that there is not Fl-
ing that concerns this company that ia not the
subject of immense stock gambling and stock
speculation and unlawful profit. That was the
elfect of tampering with the thing before.
Now, I do not wish to have any more tamper-
ing with it, if I can help it. What I want is
what the Senator from Vermont wants, a
speedy decision, both for the public interest
and for the interest of everybody who is con-
cerned ; and the question is, how is that speedy
decision to be arrived at?
In the first place, it is said by the Senator
from Maine, let the Government sue the com-
panies for the interest. There never has been
a day when the Government could not have
done that. This act of 1871 did not prevent
the Government from suing. There never has
been a day that it could not have sued. On
the contrary—'I have it now before me—a pro-
viso was inserted in that ninth section which
expressly declared that it should not preclude
the legal rights of the Government; and as
was declared in the debate which I have here
before me, the legal right of the Government
to sue for the interest was just as perfect, and
would be as perfect, if that section passed as
though that section never had passed at all.
There has, then, been nothing to prevent the
Government from suing whenever it saw fit to
do so ; and if there has been blame for want
of suing that blame must rest on the Govern-
ment for not having instituted suit. No act
of Congress was necessary to authorize suit, by
the Government if the interest was due. Here
were courts competent to take jurisdiction of
it. Where was the difficulty of suing the
Union Pacific Railroad Company? Where
was it domiciled? It was domiciled first in
the city of New York. That was its principal
place of business, and, in legal language, the
domicile of the corporation. An act was
passed authorising it to change its principal
office to the city of Boston, and it has had its
legal domicile in the city of Boston ever since,
and has it there now. There has not been a
day in which the Government might not have
brought suit for this interest either in the
southern district of New York or in the dis-
trict of Massachusetts, before the circuit court
there. And so, where was the legal domicile
of the Central Pacific Railroad Company ? In
the city of San Francisco, I believe, and there
was your circuit court, in which suit might
have been brought at any time by the Gov-
ernment.
Now, sir, suppose you simply repeal this
act and do nothing more, what then will take
place? Will the Secretary of the Treasury
then adopt the opinion (which he formerly
did not entertain) expressed by the Judiciary
Committee of the Senate, and indorsed by both
Houses of Congress in 1871, and continue to
pay one half the transportation, or will he go
back to Mr. Akerman's opinion and refuse to
pay it? Who knows? Who can tell what he
will do? If you simply repeal the act and do
nothing more, who can tell what the Secretary
will do? Will he go back to his first opinion,
and pay half trasportation, or will he go to
his opinion of September, 1870, and withhold
half the transportation; or will he adopt the
opinion of the Judiciary Committee of the
Senate, sanctioned by the two Houses, and
continue to pay the one half transportation;
or will he take this repeal of that act as a
legislative intimation to him to withhold the
half transportation? Who can tell? It is all
left in the breast of one man.
Now, sir, the thing getting into this shape,
I think it best for us to say what shall be done'
to have a speedy judicial determination of this
question. What is the best way to do it? My
own opinion is that the best way to do it would
be—although I do not know that there is much
difference between one way and the other—to
institute a suit in the Court of Claims. That
court is our creature ; we have a right to regu-
late its jurisdiction and its practice just as we
please, and require that court to give the suit
thus brought to test this question precedence
over all other suits, so that it may be tried at
once or as soon as possible, and then give either
party an appeal to the Supreme Court of the
United States.
Mr. SHERMAN. I would ask my colleague,
how can the United States bring suit in the
Court of Claims? The Court of Claims is a
court organized to hear claims against the
United States. I do not see how a suit could
be brought by the United States against pri-
vate parties there. Then there is the constitu-
tional right of trial by jury. Row can that be
secured in the Court of Claims without chang-
ing the organization of that court? My col-
league will see that there are difficulties in
giving the Court of Claims jurisdiction.
Mr. THURMAN. I have not said that the
United States should sue in the Court of
Claims. I have said that my judgment was
that the best way was to so arrange the law
that suit should be brought in the Court of
Claims. I saw the difficulties of the United
States bringing suit there.
Mr. SHKRMAN. My colleague will see
that the companies will never commence suit
so long as they get their money.
Mr. THURMAN. Certainty they would
not. Then, on the other hand, is it right cer-
tain that tbe Government is going to bring
suit for the whole interest? Why has it not
done it heretofore? But if it is thought best
to force the companies to bring this suit by
withholding the half transportation and com-
pelling them to sue in the Court of Claims,
they must suffer that inconvenience in order
that there may be a speedy decision of it. On
the other hand, the matter can be reached in
the mode provided by the amendment of the
