1834
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 27,
the committee it takes the subject away from
the House as a question of privilege. ,
Mr. MACINTYRE. If this resolution is
voted down will that reject the preamble ?
The SPEAKER. It does not. The pre-
amble will come up afterward. The preamble
is the last thing to be voted on.1
Mr.- MACINTYRE. Whether it is carried
or not?
The SPEAKER. Whether this is carried
or not, the House will vote on the preamble,
which has been the preface of all the resolu-
tions.
Mr. MACINTYRE. That is what I wish
to get at. I ask the preamble be rtead again.
The Clerk read as follows:
Whereas by the report of the special-committee,
wherein it appears that the acts charged as offenses
against members of this House in connection with
the Credit Mobilier of America occurred more than
five years ago, and long before the election of such
persons to this Congress, two elections b> the people
having intervened; and whereas grave doubts exist
as to the rightful exercise by this House of its
power to expel a member for offenses committed by
such member long before his election thereto and
not connected with such elections: Therefore.
The SPEAKER. The preamble ends there.
That will be voted on after the pending reso-
lution .is disposed of. The Clerk will now read
the pending resolution.
The Clerk read as follows:
Resolved, That the special committee are dis-
charged from the further consideration of this sub-
ject.
Mr. RITCHIE. I desire to make a parlia-
mentary inquiry of the Chair. If this reso-
lution is laid upon the table 
The SPEAKER. That is not the pending
motion. The question now is whether the
House will agree 10 it.
Mr. RITCHIE. If that resolution be voted
down, will I then have an opportunity to offer
a resolution like that which -1 offered yester-
day?
The SPEAKER. The Chair ought not to
be called upon to answer these same questions*
The Chair has twice answered the question
definitely that if the House agrees to the res-
olution it finishes this as a question of priv-
ilege ; but if the House does notagree to it, the
committee is not discharged.
Mr. DICKEY. 1 demand the regular order
of business.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of
business is 011 the adoption of the resolution
just read.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 104, nays 114, not
voting 22 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Averill, Barry. James B.
Beck, Bigby, Buffinton, Bunnell, Burdett, Roderick
K. Butler, Cobb, Coghlan, Conger, Conner, Cotton,
Crocker, Dickey, Donnan, DuBose, Dunnell, Eames,
Eldr-dge. Elliott.ISsty, Farnsworth.Farwell. Charles
Foster, Wilder D. Foster, Frye, Garrett, Golladay,
Hale, Halsey, Hanks, Harrner, George E. Harris,
Havens, John B. Hawley, Hays, Gerry W. Hazelton,
John W. Hazelton, Hill, Hoar, Hooper, Houghton,
Kellogg, Ketcham, Killroger, Lamport, Lansing,
Lowe, Lynch, Maynard. McCrary, McGrew, Mc-
Henry, MeKee, Merriam, Morey, Morphis, Leonard
Myers, Negley, Orr, Packard, Packer, Palmer, Isaac
C. Parker, Pock. Pendleton, Perce, Perry, Peters,
Piatt, Poland, Raincy, Ellis II. Roberts, Rusk,
Sargent. Sawyer, Seelev, Sessions,Shanks, Sheldon,
Shoemaker, Sloss, John A. Smith, Worthington C.
Smith, Snapp, Snyder, Stougiiton, Stowell, St. John,
Washington Townsend, Turner, Twiehell, Tyner,
Voorhees, Wakeman, Waldron, Wallace, Wheeler,
\VThiteley, Williams- of Indiana, Jeremiah M. Wil-
son, and John T. Wilson—lOf.
NAYS—Messrs. Acker, Ambler, Archer, Arthur,
Barber, Barn urn, Beatty, Erasmus W. Beck, Bell,
Biggs, Bird, Austin Blair, Buarman, Boles, Brax-
ton, Bright, Buckley, Burchard, Caldwell, Campbell,
Carroll, Clarke, Coburn, Comingo, Cox, Crebs,
Critcher, Crossland, Davis, Dodds, Box, Duke,
Ely, Finkelnburg, Henry D. Foster. Getz, Giddings,
Goodrich, Grifiith, Haideman, Hambleton, Hancock,
Ilandiey, Harper, John T. Harris, Joseph R. Haw-
ley, Hay, Reretord,- Herndon, Iiibbard, Holman,
Kendall, Kmsr, Kmsella, Lainison, Loach, Lewis,
Muelntyre, Manoon, Marshall, McClelland,, Mc-
Conmck, Me.l unkin, McKinney, Merrick, Benjamin
Meyers, Mitchell, Monroe, Moore, Silas L. Nib-
lack, William E. iHiblaek, Hosea W, Parker, Porter,
Potter, Price, Randall, Read, Edward Y. Rice, John
M. Rice, Ritchie, William R. Roberts, Robinson,
John Rogers, Sion H. Rogers, Rbosevelt, Shella-
barger, Sherwood. Shobor, Slater, H. Boardman
Smith, Speer, Sprague, Stevens, Stevenson, Storm,
Sutherland, Swann, Terry, Thomas, Dwight Town-
send, Tuthill, Op'son, Van Trump, Vaughan, Wad-
dell, Walden, Warren, Wells, Whitthorne, Willard,
Winchester, W.ood, and Young—114.
•NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ames, Banks, Bingham,
J&ines (J. Blair, Brooks, Benjamin F. Butler, Creely,
tfehf&ll. II■'H'es, Duel], Forker, Garfield, Kclley,
err. MtjNdely, Morgan, Prindle, Scofield, Slocum,
Starkweather, Syt>her, Taffe, and Williams of New
York—22.
So the House refused to discharge the com-
mittee.
• The SPEAKER. The question next recurs
on the preamble.
Mh STEVENSON* If in order I desire to
offer a resolution.
The SPEAKER. The previous question is
still operating.
Mr. STEVENSON. I hope the preamble
will be withdrawn.
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. I demand the
yeas and nays.
Mr. HALDEMAN. I move to lay the pre-
amble on the table.
Mr. RANDALL. That will take the whole
subject with it. .
Mr. HALDEMAN. Then I withdraw my
motion to lay on the table.
Tke SPEAKER. The preamble will be
again read, on which the question will now be
taken.
The Clerk again read the preamble, as fol-
lows :
Whereas by1 the report of the special committee.
Wherein it appears that the acts charged as offenses
against members of this House in connection with
the Credit Mobilier of America oceurrod more than
five years ago, and long before the election of such
persons to this Congress, two elections by the people
having intervened ; and whereas grave doubts exist
as to the rightful exercise by this House of its power
to expel a member for offenses committed by such
member long before his election thereto and not
'connected with such elections: Therefore.
Mr. POLAND. I rise to a parliamentary
question, whether it is in order to resolve
we have no jurisdiction after we have exer
cised it?
The SPEAKER. That is a logical rather
than a parliamentary question.
Mr. RANDALL. I object to debate.
Mr. ELDREDGE. I have demanded a
division of the preamble.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from
Wisconsin has asked the attention of the Chair
to the question whether the preamble is divis-
ible. The Chair thinks it is scarcely suscep-
tible of division. What two propositions does
the gentleman propose to have the preamble
divided into?
Mr. ELDREDGE. The two portions of the
preamble divide at the words " and whereas."
The SPEAKER. Ordinarily a preamble
is divisible if it consists of several whereases,
because each whereas is a different proposi-
tion. In this case the first asserts as a mat-
ter of fact that the transactions related took
place five years ago, and the other has refer'
ence to the jurisdiction of the House upon that
fact.
Mr. ELDREDGE. I wish a separate vote
on the portion which expresses doubts as to
jurisdiction.
Mr. POLAND. So do I.
Mr. SARGENT. I move to lay the pre
amble on the table ; and on that I call for the
yeas and nays.
Mr. COX. I ask that the preamble be again
reported.
The preamble was again read.
Mr. HALDEMAN. Does the Chair rule
that to lay the preamble on the table carries
the whole report of the committee with it?
The SPEAKER. The Chair so rules.
Mr. COX. I rise to a question of order.
A motion having been made and voted down
to lay this whole subject on the table, is it in
order again to make that motion ?
The SPEAKER. Yes ; at a different stage.
Mr. RANDALL. Would it now be in order
to move to recommit the preamble?
The SPEAKER. It would not. The pre-
vious question is still operating.
Mr. ELDREDGE. Would it be in order
to modify the language of the preamble ?
The SPEAKER. Not without unanimous
consent.
Mr. COX. Every one knows that the pre-
amble is ambiguous.
Mr. DICKEY. I object t-o debate.
Mr. SARGENT. I call for the yeas and
nays on my motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SPEER. If the preamble is adopted,
will that prevent the offering of a resolution
affecting any other member?
The SPEAKER. The Chair has already
ruled several times on that.
Mr. BURCHARD. The ruling of the Chair
is not understood on account of the confusion
in the Hall, .
The SPEA KER. The Chair will repeat it.
The gentleman from California [Mr. Sar-
gent] moves to lay the preamble upon the
table. The preamble by the operation of the
previous question inheres in and is carried
with the whole subject. And just as an
amendment appended to a bill, if laid upon
the table, carries the bill therewith, so the lay-
ing the preamble on the table would carry the
whole subject therewith.
Mr. RANDALL. It does .not carry the
resolutions we have recently adopted ?
The SPEAKER. They are not before the
House. They have been adopted, passed,
reconsidered, and the motion to reconsider
laid upon the table.
The question was taken on the motion to lay
the preamble on the table; and it was decided'
in the negative-^-yeas 79, nays 133, not voting
28 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Averill, Barry, Bunnell, Burchard,
Burdett, Roderick R. Butler, Coghlan, Conger, Cot-
ton, Darrall, Dickey, Donnan, Duell, Dunnell,
Eames, Esty, Wilder D. Foster, Frye, Hale, Halsey,
Harrner, GeorgeE. Harris,Havens. John B. Hawley,
Hays, Gerry W.. Hazelton, John. W. Hazelton, Hill,
Hooper, Houghton, Kellogg, Ketcham, Killinger,
Lamport, Lansing, Maynard, McCrary, .McGrew,
McKee, Merriam, Morey, Morphis, Leonard Myers,
Negley, Orr, Packard, Packer, Palmer, Isaac C.
Parker, Peck, Pendleton, Perce, Perry, Peters, Piatt,
Rainey, Ellis H. Roberts, Sargent, Sawyer, Ses-
sions, Shanks, Sheldon, Shoemaker, John A. Smith,
Snapp, Snyder, Stoughton, Stowell, Sypher, Wash-
ington Townsend, Twiehell, Tyner, .Waidron, Wal-
lace, Wheeler, Whiteley, Williams of Indiana, Jere-
miah M. Wilson, and John T. Wilson—79.
NAYS—Messrs. Acker, Adams, Ambler, Archer,
Arthur, Banks, Barber, Barnum, Beatty, Erasmus
W. Beck, James B. Beok, Bell, Bigby, Biggs, Bird,
Austin Blair, Boarman, Boles, Braxton, Bright,
Buckley, Buffinton, Caldwell. Campbell, Carroll,
Comingo, Conner, Cox, Crebs, Critcher, Crocker,
Crossland, Davis* Dodds, Dox, DuBose, Duke, Eld-
redga, Elliott, Ely, Farnsworth, Farwell, Finkeln-
burg. Charles Foster, Henry D. Foster, Garrett, Getz,
Giddings, Golladay, Goodrich, Griffith, Haideman,
Hambleton. Hancock, Handley, Harper, John T.
Harris, Joseph R. Hawley, Hay, Hereford, Herndon,
Hibbard, Holman, Kendall, Kerr, King, Kinsella,
Lamison, Lsaoh, Lewis, Maclntyro, Manson, Mar-
shall, McClelland, MoCortmck, McHenry, McJun-
kin, McKinney. Merrick. Benjamin F. Meyers,
Mitchell, Monroe, Mooi-e, Silas L. Niblack, William
E. Niblack, Hosea W. Parker,, Poland, Porter,
Potter, Price, Prindle, Randall, Read, Edward Y.
Rice, John M. Rice, Ritchie, William R. Roberts,
Robinson, Sion H. Rogers, Roosevelt, Rusk, Shel-
labarger, Sherwood, Shobor, Slater, Slocum, Sloss,
H.Boardman Smith, Worthington C. Smith, Speer,
Sprague, Stevens, Stevenson, Storm, Swami, l'erry,
Thomas, Dwight Townsend, Tuthill, Upson,
Trump, Vaughan-Voorhees, Waddell, Wakeman,
Walden, Warren, Wells,Whitthorne, Willard, Win-
chester, Wood, and Young—133.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ames, Bingham, James
G. Biair, Brooks, Benjamin F.Butler, Clarke, Cobb,
Coburn, Oreely, Dawes, Forker, Garfield, Hanks,
Hoar, Kelley, Lowe, Lynch, McNeely, Morgan,
John Rogers, Scofield, Sceley, Starkwoather, St.
John, Sutherland, Taffe, Turner, and Williams of
New York—28.
So the motion to lay on the table was not
agreed to.
During the roll-call,
Mr. MACINTYRE said s Doubting that the
House has power to expel a member for causes
arising before and not out of the election, I
vote "no." • -
The result of the vote was announced aa
above recorded.
The question recurred On adopting the pre-
amble.
