870
THE" CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 27,
companies was put on by a conference com-
mittee in 1871 he seemed to think it was not.
I had no other motive in asking that question
except to set my friend right in a fact in which
I thought he was mistaken. I understood him
to be arguing that this question of the Govern-
ment retaining one half of this compensation
had been well considered, that both Houses
had agreed to the amendment after full delib-
eration ; and, that being so, the Senator was
somewhat surprised that the question should
now be brought up. My purpose was simply
to suggest to the honorable Senator that I
thought he was mistaken in his supposition
that this amendment had been deliberately
discussed and considered by both Houses of
Congress. The Senator said no, that it was " I
who was jumping before I got to the stile."
X may sometimes jump, Mr. President, and, it
may be, jump to wrong conclusions. I con-
fess my want of experience in this Chamber.
I know, too, in addition that I have not half
the ability of my friend from Ohio ; but in this
matter of fact, in which I only sought to have
him accurate, he will find that the record
sustains me.
The amendment which the Senator thinks
met the approval of both Houses of Congress
without conference was not introduced in the
Army appropriation bill as it passed the House.
It was put on as an amendment by the Senate.
To that amendment the House non-concurred.
It therefore never bad the concurrence of the
House, nor its approval, as T inferred the Sen-
ator from Ohio to claim ; it never was at any
time read or debated in the House. That
amendment, which the Senator insists met the
concurrent approval ol both the House and the
Senate, I repeat never was read in the House
of Representatives at all, and never was dis
cussed there. After the amendment was put
upon the Army bill, during the last night of the
session, by the Senate, the House promptly dis-
agreed to it. A committee of conference was
appointed, to whom the bill and amendments
were referred. When the committee came to
act on this amendment, declaring that under the
sixth section of the act of 1804 the United States
had a right to retain only one half compensa-
tion for services rendered to the Government
by the Union Pacific railroad, and wlien the
committee of conference came to report to the
House that the conferees oil the part of the
House had receded from their opposition to this
amendment, a demand was made by one or
more membeis that the amendment should be
read, and the reading was objected to and re-
fused.
Mr. THURMAN. Where is that?
Mr. S TEVENSON. That occurred on the
3d of March, 1871.
Mr. THURMAN. On what page of the
Globe?
Mr. STEVENSON. Part three, Congres-
sional Globe, third session Forty-First Con-
gress, page 1910. Therefore the amendment
v/as never discussed in the House of Represent-
atives, it never was read in the House of Rep
resentatives, and it never received the approval
of the House save by the adoption of the con-
ference report. I never intended, however,
to intimate that tho amendment was surrepti-
tiously passed. I neither said it, nor did I
intend to convey such an impression. On the
contrary, I referred to the statement of my
colleague, [Mr. Beck,] recently made in the
House, in which he, after exposing the fallacy
of the insinuation that this amendment was
surreptitiously passed by the House in 1871,
refers to what took place at the time the con-
ference report was adopted. I have that state-
ment before me, and will read it:
"Another very serious and objectionable niece of
legislation which the Senate has insorted into this
bill is that which decidcs th;it, under tho flith sec-
tion of the act oflStii, the United States has only the
right to retain one half of the compensation of
services rendered for the Government by the Union
and Central Pacific railroads, although these roads
have failed to meet the interest oa the bonds issued
to them by the Government. Still, as the Senate had
done it, and its conferees were determined to adhere
to it, and as the report of the Judiciary Committee
of the Senate seemed to compel them to adhere, I
did notsee, in the face ofthatreport, whatwecould
do under the low except to sign the report, as we
have, and submit the bill with the Senate amend-
ments to the House for its action. I have no time
to explain these matters in tho five minutes allowed
me, and the House must do what they please with
the report.
"Mr. Holman. I ask that the amendments of the
Senate be read.
"Mr. Dickky. Let us have a vote.
"Mr. Holman. I ask that the amendments made
by the Senate may be read, with the excoption of the
ones immediately under consideration."
That demand was continued, and it was
refused, and the bill was passed without ever
having that amendment read in the House.
I think, therefore, 1 was perfectly right in
stating to my friend from Ohio, in reply to his
argument, that this amendment had been dis-
cussed in both branches of Congress, that it
had never even been read in one, and while I
am very far from saying that the amendment
was there improperly, much less surreptitiously
put on, I believed the Senator was inaccurate
in the statement I understood him to make
when I arose, that this amendment had re-
ceived, after full discussion, the approval of
both branches of Congress. It certainly passed
Congress, but the amendment passed during
the last hours of Congress, under the vote on a
conference report recommending its adoption,
against the protest of my colleague. [Mr.
Beck,] who was one of the conferees, and
without allowing it to be read in the House.
All that I desired in my interruption of the
Senator from Ohio was to recall his attention
to the haste and circumstances under which
this amendment was put on the Army bill oil
3d March, 1871, and which I supposed had
escaped his memory.
Mr. THURMAN. I do notktiow that there
is any use in prolonging this matter. With
the greatest respect in the world for my friend
from Kentucky, it does seem to me to be a
very unprofitable discussion.
• Mr. STEVENSON. There is no discussion
at all between us. I only wanted to set my
friend right in regard to the fact.
Mr. THURMAN. In the first place, my
friend is wrong in saying that 1 said this was
discussed in both Houses. I said that it was
discussed in the Senate, and the vote was
taken by yeas and nays.
Mr. STEVENSON. Does not my friend
remember that I asked him if it passed both
Houses and if it was discussed in both Houses,
and that his argument, was to show that it had
been discussed? I understood my friend to
say that it bad the approval of both Houses.
Mr. THURMAN. Certainly; I say so still.
If the House did not approve a bill which it
passed I do not know what is meant by " ap-
proving." But I did not say that it was discussed
in the House of Representatives, although
it now turns out that it was discussed in the
House, and the Senator has read from the
speech of his colleague, Mr. Buck, who was
on the conference committee, and who stated
distinctly to the House what the question was,
and stated that if he could make the law as he
wished he would repeal the act of 1864, and
his great dislike to passing this very act of
inarch 3, 1871, but the Senate conferees were
obstinate and would have it, and the Senate
seemed to be obstinate in the same direction
and wouid have it, and therefore he had con-
cluded that it was best to sign the conference
report, and it was adopted and passed.
Now, as to its never having been read in the
House, I do not pretend to say whether the
practice of the House in that respect is ad-
visable or not. Parliamentary law forbids
me to criticise it. I am not permitted to say
whether it is right or whether it is not right
in my opinion. But this we all know, that
the amendments made by one House to a bill
are very generally printed, and being printed
are laid on the desks of members. Whether
it was done in this case or not I do not know;
but it was generally so, and they must have
known what the question was if they were
printed, and if they were not, still their atten-
tion was called to it distinctly by Mr. Beck,
and an argument made by him upon the sub-
ject. But, as I said before, I meant to imply
when I spoke of the approval of the House
nothing more in the world than that the House
had voted for the amendment. That is all,
and that undoubtedly the House did.
Mr. STEVENSON. Mr. President, I do
not intend to prolong this matter. If the
approval of the House merely meant that it
passed under a call of the previous question,
without giving anybody an apportunity to hear
the amendment read, and that under that state
of the case this amendment passed on the Army
bill, my friend is right. If he meant by a
general approval that this amendment had the
approval of the House, then he was wrong.
It is a matter of no moment, except to set
myself right in regard to what I said.
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. President, the Senate
seems to have settled down into a pretty sub-
stantial agreement that the controversy be-
tween the United Slates and these railroad
companies should now be settled by the highest
court of the United States, the Supreme Court,
which alone can pass finally upon the legal
questious that are raised between them ; and
the only dispute between us is whether the
better mode to raise that question is by a suit
commenced in the ordinary way in one of the
circuit courts of the United States, or by one
in the Court of Claims, and whether, as a
preliminary to the commencement of the suit,
it is better for the Umted States to reserve or
retain in the Treasury the amount of money
earned by these railroad companies for trans-
porting goods and property of the United
States. Upon this point my convictions are
clear that the proper way to settle this contro-
versy is by appealing to the proper courts of
the United States, where these parties will
have the right of trial by jury if they demand
it, a right secured to them and to all citizens
of the United States, and will have the security
of the ordinary forms of judicial proceeding,
where witnesses may be examined orally and
their statements compared. The Court of
Claims is a tribunal of limited jurisdiction,
with no power to organize a jury, with no
power to enforce the attendance.of witnesses;
all their testimony is by deposition. Therefore
it seems to me that on the whole the better
mode is by an appeal to the circuit courts of
the United States. And as I said on Friday in
reply to a remark made by the Senator from
Vermont, the remedy he proposes does not
raise the question that I wish to raise, and I
again repeat it, and I ask his attention for a
moment.
I say that the only legal question between
the United States and these companies that I
care to solve, because it lies at the foundation
of all the dispute, is whether they are not
bound to pay the interest on the second mort-
gage bonds. I believe that they are legally
bound to pay the interest on the second mort-
gage bonds. I believe that these railroad
companies accepted the bonds of the United
States upon the condition that while the United
States would guaranty the payment of those
bonds and to the creditor at large would agree
to pay the interest, yet that these railroad
companies are the principals in those bonds,
and that^ as between the United States and
these railroad companies the railroad com-
panies are bound to pay this interest the
moment their financial condition will allow
them to do it.
Mr. THURMAN. My colleague will allow
me to ask him a question. Are not these
bonds bonds issued by the United States and
payable to the company or to A B or bearer ?
It was not necessary that the name of the
