1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
877
company should appear on them, as I under-
stand.
Mr. SHERMAN. I understand that: and
my colleague heard the argument made by
the Senator from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Scott,]
who answered that objection much better than
I can. I may give a note for the benefit of
my colleague; his name may not appear upon
it at all, and yet he may be bound to pay both
principal and interest.
Mr. THURMAN. As between you and me.
Mr. SHERMAN. Now I say that as
between the United States and these railroad
companies these bonds are the bonds of the
railroad companies, and while the United
States agreed with the holders of the bonds
to pay the interest, yet as between the com
panies and the United States the railroad
companies are bound to pay both principal
and interest when able; and that this was
contemplated at the time the law was passed,
I know as a matter of fact and history.
Mr. BAYARD. Will the honorable Sen-
ator from Ohio permit me to make a sugges-
tion?
Mr. SHERMAN. Certainly.
Mr. BAYARD. I think the case against the
holders of the bonds is even stronger. As
I understand the law, the assignment of the
bonds by the railroad companies placed the
taker subject to all the equities that existed
between the original parties. Such is not the
case in parol agreements, but these bonds are
all instruments under seal, and I believe it is
a familiar proposition that the assignee of all
specialties takes them subject to the equities
that exist between the original parties.
Mr. SHERMAN. My friend from Dela-
ware would lead me into a longer discussion
than I wish to undertake; I merely wished to
state enough to show that the point of dispute
here is whether these companies are bound to
pay this interest or not. That the Central
Pacific Railroad Company is able to pay the
interest, everybody knows. There is not a
particle of doubt that the Central Pacific
Railroad Company could this day pay the in-
terest on the §25,000,000 of bonds issued for
their benefit out of their surplus earnings. I
suppose that no one familiar with that com-
pany can doubt it for a moment. I do not
say it is so as to the other companies, because
there may be doubt about it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. They could if they had
saved their money from ''expenses of legisla-
tion."
Mr. SHERMAN. That may be ; but take
the Central Pacific company, a great and
powerful corporation ; does anybody dispute
that they have the power and ability to pay
the interest on their own bonds and to pay the
interest on the bonds the Government is now
carrying for their benefit? I suppose there is
no doubt of it. That is the question I want to
raise. If they have the power to pay, the
ability to pay, without injuring them or impair-
ing their usefulness as a corporation, ought
they not to pay? That is the question, and I
say that we have a right to demand that they
should pay.
On this point the argument made by the
Senator from Pennsylvania was perfectly clear.
So far as the law of 1802 is concerned, it is
plain. It is admitted that under the law_ of
1862 they were bound to pay both principal
and interest as it accrued. Now, what did the
law of 1864 do? I remember the passage of
these laws just as well as if it were yesterday.
The only clause in the law of 1864 that affects
this question is section ten; and what does
that do? It simply postpones the lien of the
Government from being a first mortgage lien
to a second mortgage lien. There is not a
single word or clause of that law of 1864 which
changes the liability of the companies as be-
tween the United States and the companies,
except section ten, and that simply postpones
the Hen of the Government to be a second
instead of a first mortgage lien. That has been
done by many railroad companies. I have
known in my experience of railroad companies
becoming embarrassed and by consent of the
bondholders postponing the first mortgage
held by them and putting another mortgage
prior to theirs on the property in order to raise
money to complete the road, and the bond-
holders have accepted second mortgage bonds,
doing just what we did in this case.
I said that I remembered the history of the
legislation of 1862 and 1864. I was a mem-
ber of the Committee on the Pacific Railroad
at the time. I remember it well. I voted for
both the laws of 1862 and 1864, and never
regretted it, although I was opposed to all the
branches that were hung upon the main line
like feeders, but which really destroy the use-
fulness of the institution. I therefore feel
myself responsible somewhat for the acts of
1862 and 1864.
In 1862, when we embarked in the Pacific
railroad enterprise, it was iu a time of war,
when, if it was necessary, the Government of
the United States would have stepped forward
and built the road itself out of its own means.
It was at a tim£ when we were threatened with
an English war, and the whole public opinion
demanded that we should enter upon the con-
struction of the Pacific railroad. It was under
such circumstances that we passed the law of
1862. That was then believed to give suffi-
cient aid to secure the building of the road ;
and on a specie basis the first mortgage under
the law of 1802 would have been amply suffi-
cient; but as the war progressed and as our
money depreciated, it became necessary to
pass the law of 1804. What was that?
In the Pacific Railroad Committee there
were various projects It was proposed by
some gentlemen to double the subsidy ; that
is, instead of §16,000 a mile to make it
$32,000 a mile. Various plans were proposed;
and finally, upon the suggestion I think of
Mr. Reverdy Johnson—or if not Mr. Johnson
it was Mr. Foot, one of those two eminent Sen-
ators—the idea was broached of postponing our
lien, not increasing the amount of our liabil-
ity, in order that private persons might step
forward and have the first lien. They argued
with a good deal of force that if this road was
to cost more than the amount guarantied by
the Government, and if private persons were
called upon to step forward and contribute
their means, the Government of the United
States ought to be willing to give them the first
lien, because the Government of the United
States was so deeply interested in the con-
struction of the road that it ought to build the
road, even at its entire cost, if that was neces-
sary. That idea was adopted; it was incor-
porated in the law; and this tenth section was
put upon the law at that time for that con-
sideration. Rather than double the subsidy
or increase the liability of the United States,
we provided by this tenth section that our lien
for both principal and interest on these bonds
should be made secondary, subsidiary to the
lien of other persons who contributed from
their private means their private property.
But, sir, I venture to say that in that com-
mittee or iu that Congress no man dreamed
that we were to issue these bonds and pay them
and pay the interest on them for thirty years,
without any reclamation from the company
exceptone half the Government transportation.
The idea of the transportation clause and the
second mortgage clause having any connection
with each other never entered the mind of any
one. They were distinct entirely. Under the
first law we could apply the whole proceeds of
the transportation to the extinguishment of
these bonds ; and hence it was urged with great
force by the railroad men we might at times
during war seize these railroads and run them
for the benefit of the Government. In other
words, the corporation might be cjmpelled to
transport entirely Government supplies and
Government men, and thus we should monop-
olize the use of the road. They therefore said,
'•In such a case as that, we ought at least to
have one half of the value of this service in
order to carry on the road." The idea that
this clause reserving to the United States one
half of the transportation should be a compen-
sation for our surrendering entirely the obliga-
tion of these railroad companies to pay the
interest, I believe never entered into the mind
of any one.
Mr. THURMAN. Will my colleague allow
me to ask him a question ?
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes, sir.
Mr. THURMAN. Do I understand him
then to maintain that it was intended that the
Government might recover the interest when-
ever it was not paid by the companies?
Mr. SHERMAN. It was intended undoubt-
edly that if these companies were able to pay
they should, and that the Government should
stand second, having the second mortgage lien.
Mr. THURMAN. Was it intended the
Government should have a right of action
whenever it paid interest and it was not re-
paid by the companies every year?
Mr. SHERMAN. The Government took a
second mortgage.
Mr. THURMAN. The other is a very sim-
ple and plain question. If that was the case,
what was the use of putting in the provision
that not more than one half the transportation
should-be withheld?
Mr. SHERMAN. I answered that a mo-
ment ago. It might be that one half the
transportation might be more than all the in-
terest. In case of war, one half the Govern-
ment transportation mightbe twice the amount
of interest paid by the Government on account
of the railroad companies.
Mr. THURMAN. But then the provision
applies to all services, where the transportation
account is small as well as where it is large.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will come to that in a
moment. This provision limiting the amount
of compensation that might be reserved to
the United States to one half the transporta-
tion was intended for the benefit of the rail-
road companies, to prevent their entire means
being exhausted by the United States in trans-
porting its men and merchandise. It had no
connection with the question of a second
mortgage. Why, what is a second mortgage ?
The first mortgage provided by the law of
1862, it is admitted on all hands, does com-
pel these companies to refund to the United
States every dollar of principal and interest
the Government might, pay, because the Gov-
ernment had the first mortgage on everything,
and if they failed to pay the interest on this
first mortgage it might be foreclosed and
the interest of the stockholders sacrificed.
The law of 1864 simply postponed that first
mortgage and made it a second mortgage. I
ask the Clerk to read the tenth section of the
act of 1864.
The Secretary read as follows:
Sec. 10. And he it further enacted, That section
five of said act be so modified and amended that the
Union Pacific Railroad Company, the Central Pacific
Kailroad Company, and any other company author-
ized to participate in the construction of said road,
may, on the completion of each section of said road,
as provided in this act, and the act to which this act
is an amendment, issue their first mortgage^ bonds
on thoir respective railroad and telegraph lines to
an amount not exceeding the amount of the bonds
of the United States, and of even tenor and date,
time of maturity, rate and character of interest,
with the bonds authorized to be issued to said rail-
road companies, respectively. And the lien of the
United States bonds shall be subordinate to that of
the bonds of any or eitner of said companies hereby
authoiized to be issued on their respective roads,
property, and equipments, except as to- the pro-
visions of the sixth section of the act to which this
act is an amendment, relating to the transmission
of dispatches and the transportation of mails,
troops, munitions of war, supplies and public stores
for the Government of the United States. And said
section is further amended by striking out the word
''forty'' and inserting in lieu thereof the words
" on each and every section of not less than twenty.'
Mr. SHERMAN. There is no mention in
the act of 1864 that I have been able to find
on glancing over it of the first mortgage bonds
provided for by the act of 1862, except in this
