1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1637
tion of the members of this House the fact
that judgment is to be pronounced upon me
before I have been heard by either witness or
couusel. I have had no witnesses before the
committee. It has never been intimated to
me that I might have witnesses before it, or
that I migjit be heard in my defense by coun-
sel or by myself.
I ask therefore that my colleague, who in
the last five minutes of this morning's debate,
when there was uo opportunity to repiy had
I desired to make a rejoinder, and in my ab-
sence from the House connected my name
for the first time with this matter for judg-
ment, be permitted to make his speech and
present my arraignment; and having heard
whereof I am accused and the ground whereon
it rests, that I may then have the poor priv-
ilege of saying why sentence should not be
passed upon me without having been allowed
the right to be heard before your committee
by witnesses or by counsel.
Mr. SPEER. i understood the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] requested
to be heard.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Yes, sir.
Mr. SPEEli. For what length of time?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. As long
as 1 can conveniently.
Mr. SPEER. Conveniently to yourself or
me?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I desire
as long time as the gentleman can give me.
Mr. SPEER. I yield to the gentleman
fifteen minutes.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Mr.
Speaker, I had not supposed that the poisoned
chalice would have buen presented to the lips
of this House so soon after they were misled
into adopting a precedent, contrary to parlia-
mentary law as it has stood unchallenged for
three hundred years since the days ot Queen
Elizabeth, when the House of Commons voted
that no person could be punished for crime^
save after conviction by a verdict of a jury ot
his country. The House now sees the vortex
into which it has been plunged. Without oue
hour's notice, ay, without one moment's notice,
in the last days of the session, when the public
busmess is pressing aud when the whole
wheels of Government may be stopped and
will be stopped, necessitating an extra ses
sion of the next Congress, we have swung
away in our desire to show our virtue from
the true principle as to the right of expulsion
upon which this House should stand, to wit:
that when a man is elected to this House by a
constituency his character aud acts before his
election cannot be aud ou^ht not to be inquired
into any more than his conduct and acts
after he leaves here ought so to be dealt witn.
For acts committed atter his election lu: is
under the jurisdiction ot the House, I he
House has no jurisdiction over him after he
leaves the House any more than it has juris-
diction over him before he is elected. ^ His
constituency are responsible for him. W e are
not responsible for htm. " Who art thou, oh!
man, that judgeth thy brother?" As a conse-
quence ot your action there is no man here
who stands so high, there is no man here
whose character is so pure, who may not be
obliged to submit to the adjudication of his
personal acts by the other side of this House
•who are fast pressing such adjudications upon
us in their auxiety to purify the House.
Sir, let us see, if this is to be the course of
action without limitation as to time when the
acts are alleged to have been done, whether we
cannot find on the other side of the House men
against whom we can launch such resolutions
as this, and by our majority vote pass them.
If we are going into this matter of purgation
and purification doctrine, which 1 loath and
scorn and despise, where should we stop'.'
There is no limit. There are men in this
House who may have been twenty yeais ago
arrested and tried for crime, Shall we not
bring them to the bar for our purification and
purgation ?
Sir, by our action in this behalf we take
away that great palladium of our liberties the
right of trial by jury. We do not allow the
accused to be tried by his peers. We censure
him and adjudicate upon his acts without even
hearing him. The safeguards of liberty are
all stricken down and the constitutional
guarantees of protection to life, liberty, prop-
erty, and reputation are all destroyed, and
upon what pretense? The right of expul-
sion of a member of a parliamentary body for
any crime committed at any time prior to his
election or for any pretense that the discre-
tion of a two-thirds majority might please to
will. Upon what authority? None has as yet
been shown, and the whole foundation of this
so dangerous and terrible doctrine is a claim
that the power never has been questioned.
Most true. But the power has never been
before claimed. The Romans had no law
against parricide, because the Roman law
would not presuppose that a man could kill
his father by mating an enactment against it.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Speer] rises and offers a resolution of censure,
the adoption of which would, to an honorable
man, amount to expulsion, for if it be passed
by anything like a two-thirds majority, by the
parliamentary custom of this House the
censured oughtat once to tender his resignation
and go back to his constituents and be sent
back here to stand in his place and say " I defy
you." Aud yetthe gentleman from. Vermont,
[Mr. Poland,] standing in the very spot where
1 now stand, declared to you this morning
that the House has a right toties quoties to
expel a member, however many times he may
be sent back by his constituents at his own
caprices, which he denominates his discretion.
He has asserted, and the House has in ap-
pearance only sustained him in the assertion
of the very worst doctrines of the Wilkes
case, which were expunged from the records of
Parliament by the liberals of England, as sub-
versive of the liberties of the whole body of
| the electors of that kingdom. He stated here
that he would have voted in the Whittemore
case for his expulsion because he sold a cadet
ship, as the evidence shows, only for the pur-
pose of putting the money in the hands of the
poor people of his district for school pur-
poses. He says he would have voted to expel
him toties quoties as often as he should be
sent here by his constituents, if it was during
all his natural life, if Vermont should send
him here during all that time. So it seems
the question would have become merely one
as to who should live the longest, the gentle-
man from Vermont or the gentleman from
South Carolina, if his constituents should
choose to stand by him. Therefore I call upon
this House to pause, to reconsider this gravest
of all questions.
1 voted for the consideration of the resolu-
tion against Mr. Colfax the other day, as I
have done as to this one now under consid-
eration, because I hold that I ought not to
vote against the consideration of any propo-
sition couched in proper language that any
gentleman in this House upon his own re-
sponsibility offers to bring before it. I can-
not refuse to consider anything so presented.
But when such a subject is once before the
House I have a duty to perform to myself, to
my country, to its Constitution, and its laws and
liberties. That duty is this: let men accused
be beard. This is not now a question of con-
tamination that requires expulsion in order
that we may be purged from taint. It can
Wait. It is a question of unconstitutional
puuishmeut without hearing of the accused.
Mr. PETERS. They have appeared only
as -witnesses ; they have not been accused.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I will
come to that if 1 have time. This is not acase
of contamination requiring instant expulsion
to remedy the possibility of taint. You only
propose to censure these men tad then to sit
alongside of them after you have disgraced
them. This is not a case of purgation or of
purification. This is simply a question of
punishment for "disorderly behavior," if at
all, because that isyouronly power. The Con-
stitution says you may punish for disorderly
behavior only. For disorderly behavior when ?
Five years ago ? This is a case of disorderly
behavior if you can wreak punishment at all.
Therefore we have got past "purgation and
purification," and now we come to punish-
ment simply.
Without intimating any opinion as tq the
guilt or innocence of the parties who may be
accused here, I stand up for the good old Saxon
doctrine of fair play and fair dealing. I am
always with the under dog in the fight, in so
far as to see that he has his just rights wher-
ever and whoever he may be. And in that
I never count odds.
I desire this House to deal with this resolu-
tion in this manner if we are to go on. I
desire the other side of the House to say
whether it is not according to the democratic
doctrine of the olden time, which I know as
well as they, for there is not a shibboleth of
democracy of the fathers that I cannot answer
to ; I ask whether according to the old dem-
ocratic doctrine it is not the right of any man
to be heard? Is it not his right under your
Constitution? Isit not the common dictates of
common justice and of natural equity?
This resolution is now before the House.
Send it to some committee. I am sorry to say
I have not so much respect for the work of
your sDecial committee as to want to set them
to work again They have given us their
opinion, or rather they have declined to give
their opinion upon the same facts. Send it to
some committee, at the head of which by par-
liamentary right will be my friend from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Speer] who moves the resolu-
tion, and let a fair committee examine again
this whole thing. And as they find guilt or
innocence, if their finding comports with my
own judgment of what is right, I will vote on
the one side or the other. [Laughter on the
Democratic side.] What is the matter?
Mr. KILLINGER. You said you would
vote on the one side or the other, and they are
laughing at it.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Precisely.
I understand that the only vote that is not to
be laughed at in this House now is a one-
sided one. Aud it seems to be strange, to be a
matter of mirth to gentlemen if a man has a
mind of his own on different sides of the ques-
tion. " To this complexion have we come at
last.-' We are what on this subject? What
did I tell you last night? Let me repeat that
if every Athenian was a Socrates every Athe-
nian assembly would be a mob.
Let me say to you, my friends, that here
to-day and at this hour we are doing that
which we shall wish to be undone, which
every man in this House will desire to have
undone, unless we take order upon this mat-
ter and deal with it. fairly and justly. Hear
witnesses if they are to be produced. There
is no occasion, perhaps, to hear counsel; that
has not generally been done before committees.
That is in the discretion of the committee.
Let this question, however, be referred to a
committee. Follow the usual parliamentary
rule and put. the gentleman who makes the mo-
tion at the head of it; let each side be fairly rep-
resented : and the majority should be composed
of those who favor the resolution, because the
parliamentary rule is that the infant shall not be
put out to its enemies to be nursed. Let such a
committee report, and upon their report we will
take action. But I pray you, gentlemen of the
House of Representatives, as you value your
liberties and each his own fair name, which may
be attacked in the very next resolution presented
here, to interpose to prevent any thing like a
