1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
879
making the amendment that I had the honor
to offer more perfect to accomplish the par-
pose that we have in view, of holding on to
this money, and getting a speedy decision as
to the rights of these companies. I ask for
the yeas and nays upon the amendment of the
Senator from Maine.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Suppose you
offer those modifications now ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. No, I have not the right
to do that.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. My amend-
ment is to strike out yours, so that you can
perfect it before it is stricken out.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That would be an irreg-
ular way of doing it. I will state for the in-
formation of the Senate the changes that I
would make. One change, made partly at the
suggestion of my friend from Maine and
partly at the suggestion of my friend from New
Jersey, is to add after the word " reimbursed,"
in the seventh line, the words " together with
the five per cent, of net earnings due and
unapplied as provided by law," and then to
add at the end of the clause " and both said
courts shall give such cause or causes prece-
dence of all other business so as to bring It
to an immediate and speedy determination of
the rights of the parties.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I will call the
attention of the Senator from Vermont to
another amendment of his amendment. It
has been suggested by the Senator from Ohio
[Mr. Thurman] that the amendment of the
Senator from Vermont might not necessarily
raise the question as to the liability of these
companies to pay the interest before the ma-
turity of the bonds. To remove that doubt
in case this question is referred at all for
adjudication, 1 would suggest the addition of
certain words in the ninth line. It now reads:
And any such company may bring suit in the
Court of Claims to recover the price of such freight
and transportation.
After that I would insert this:
And to have it determined whether the Pacific
railroad companies are bound now to pay to the
United States the interest on the bonds issued for
the use ,of either of said roads, and whether the
said five per cent, should be applied to the pur-
poses provided by law.
That would clearly remove all doubt as to
the adjudication of these vexed questions.
I would suggest to the Senator from Ver-
mont, to accept that amendment if it meets
his approval.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Certainly, the idea meets
my approval most decidedly. It is exactly the
idea I have been endeavoring in my feebie way
to maintain for the last three or four days ; but
the reason why I did not frame the amend-
ment in the first place in that way was because
I feared if I inserted one statement of a partic-
ular respect upon which our rights were sup-
posed to be based, it might by implication
exclude the others, and I thought it would be
safer and wiser merely to say " You may sne
for your money," and the United States can set
up its defense as it may be advised upon all the
grounds in respect to which it thinks it can
make a defense, and then the court would not
be hampered by any limitation of jurisdiction
or any guide looking to one particular aspect
of the case, when if they were without any
guide, and looking to alt the aspects of the
case, they might feel at liberty to cover the
whole ground. It may be that the Senator's
amendment is framed in such_ a way that it
would not be subject to that objection.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSETST. I do not think
it is subject to that objection. The two ques-
tions that we desire to have adjudicated are
those which I have stated. And here I will
state that I at first favored the amendment of
the Senator from Maine because it struck me
that the presumption was that we ought to pay
these railroad companies as the case stood;
but as I come to look at the amendments, I
think the amendment of the Senator from
Maine is much more harsh, although I did not
see it until it was suggested by the Senator
from Pennsylvania, than the amendment of
the Senator from Vermont. The amendment
of the Senator from Maine authorizes a suit
and a judgment against these companies in
favor of tki United States, which, as my atten-
tention has been called to it, would be a judg-
ment for some eleven or twelve million dol-
lars, while if we adopt the amendment of the
Senator from Vermont, although it does the
injustice in my opinion of withholding the
money, it leaves the subject open before Con-
gress, in case this vast amount of money should
be found to be due, in such a way that we can
deal fairly, honorably, and in good faith with
these companies; and therefore I shall vote for
the amendment of the Senator from Vermont,
in preference to that of the Senator from
Maine.
Mr. THURMAN. I wish to suggest to my
friend before he sits down that his amend-
ment, in the way he offers it, would simply
present an abstract question of law to the
court without any issue being made up of facts
upon which that law would arise to be decided.
He can get at that matter and make a very
effectual measure of this if he wiil simply
provide that the United States may put in a
counter-claim, and have judgment for any
balance that may be due to it. Then every
question the United States sees fit to raise
may be put in ; and that is very common, too,
where States allow themselves to be sued. If
that is put in, then the United States can raise
that question, and the five per cent, question,
and any other question it pleases.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I think the
issus as to whether the freight is due, the at-
tention of both parties being called to these
two questions, would not make it an abstract
question. I think it is better as it is.
Mr. EDMUNDS. When the amendment
of the Senator from Maine shall be disposed
of—if it should happen to be adopted, of
course that is the end of my amendment—I
should not wish, on looking at it, to adopt the
amendment of the Senator from New Jersey ;
but I should be willing to amend my proposi-
tion by adding after the word "determined,"
in the eleventh line, these words: "and also
the rights of the United States upon the merits
of all the points presented by it in answer
thereto;" so as to read, "and iu such suit
the right of such company to recover the same
upon the law and the facts of the case shall be
determined, and also the rights of the United
States upon the merits of all the points pre-
sented by it in answer thereto."
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. That is equally
satisfactory to me.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment of the Senator from Vermont will be
modified as stated. The question is on the
amendment of the Senator from Maine, on
which the Senator from Vermont asks for the
yeas and nays.
Mr. BAYARD. I understood that the Sen-
ator from Vermont accepted some amendment
offered by the Senator from New Jersey.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I listened to the sugges-
tion of the Senator from New Jersey, and
have modified my amendment, if I have a
right to do so.
Mr. BAYARD. If that modification is
acceptable to the Senator, cannot both be
reported now, so that the Secretary may
understand it ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Certainly. I will read,
for I am afraid the Secretary cannot, the
amendment I offered perfected by these
various suggestions to the extent that it
appears to me wise and good and in the lan-
guage which I have fixed; and I will read it
in extenso as it will read, so that everybody
will understand what my proposition will be,
if the proposition of the Senator from Maine
is not agreed to:
And the Secretary of the Treasury is directed to
withhold all payments to any railroad company iinil
its assigns, on account of freights or transportation
of any kind, to the amount of payments made by
the. United States for interest upon bonds of the
United States issued to any such company, and
which shall not have been reimbursed—
here comes in one of the modifications—
together with the five per cent, of net earning
due and unapplied as provided by law ; and any
such company may bringsuit in the Court of Claims
to recover the price of such freight and transporta-
tion ; and in such suit the right of such coApany to
recover the same upon the law and the facts of the
case shall be determined—
now comes another modification—
and also the rights of the United States upon the
merits of all the points presented by it in answer
thereto— •
in answer to any such claim—
and either party to such suit may appeal to the
Supreme Court: and both said courts shall give such
cause orcausesprecedence of all other business.
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President, I desire to
express my satisfaction that at last there
seems to be a disposition actively manifested
to protect the interests of the people of the
United States in these vast national enter-
prises ; I refer to the railroads to the Pacific
ocean. It is true that the moving cause of
this new activity has been chiefly a quarrel
between private litigants in regard to most
immoderate, illegitimate gains growing oat of
contracts in the construction of these roads.
While this private litigation has given rise to
an investigation disclosing many things of a
most painful character, yet, nevertheless, if it
shall arouse the Congress of the United States
to an active sense of what is due to the in-
terests of the public in respect to these vast
outlays of public money, the effect will be an
exceedingly good one.
The amendment offered by the Senator from
Vermont, as it has been perfected and as last
read by him, meets my entire approval, and I
think it a most just and reasonable proposition
that the Congress of the United States should
now interpose and through its courts endeavor
to have a proper solution of this question to
save further outlays of public money, espe-
cially in the face of the inordinate and mon-
strous assumptions which have been made by
the friends of these railway corporations for a
postponement of the payment of their obliga-
tion to. pay the interest upon the bonds issued
bv the united States.
' I voted against the amendment to the Army
appropriation bill of 1871 which was founded
upon a report of the Judiciary Committee.
The reasoning of that committee never met
my approbation. I never was able to concur
with them. I never could se^that there was
1 anything else but the barest technicality that
justified the conclusion to which they came.
, It amounted to this: the United States most
liberally, with a munificence unparalleled in
history, were loaning their bonds, the credit
of the United States, to a private corporation
for the purpose of constructing this railroad.
The amount given in bonds alone far exceeded
the cost of railways moderately constructed
by private enterprise in the section of country
where I live; and added to this enormous
grant of public credit, the loan of bonds of the
United States Government, came grants of
land imperial in extent, and in my opinion
most unfaithful to that posterity who have
claims upon us who guide the affairs of the
country at the present day.
But, sir, after those bonds were issued, to
the amount, I believe, of nearly $28,000,000
to each of these two corporations, the Central
and the Union Pacific railroads, and while
these enormous grants are proven by_ the
investigation that has followed this private
controversy to have yielded most inordinate,
dishonest, and illegitimate profits, the railroad
companies still came before Congress and
asked for a postponement of the lien of the
United States secured by first mortgage upon
these roads and their works, so that subse-
quent creditors might come in and lend their
money upon the faith of a first mortgage. It
was a demand that has no parallel in the con-
