1840
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 27,
sentatives be authorized, and he is hereby directed,
to pay the clerks of committees, messengere, folders,
laborers, and all other employes of the House for
the full month of March, 1873.
Mr. DAWES. Including the pages.
Mr. MAYNARD. That is right; I modify
my resolution in that way.
There being no objection, the resolution as
modified was read, considered, and agreed to.
Mr. MAYNARD moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was adopted; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MARY SWIFT.
Mr. RANDALL. I ask consent of the
House to take up and pass a bill which has
received the unanimous approval of the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs, but the passage of
which was obstructed the other day by the
gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Moore,] the
chairman of the Committee on Invalid Pen-
sions, who has since authorized me to say
that he withdraws his objection.
There being no objection, the bill (H. R.
No. 3653) granting an annuity to Mary Swift,
daughter of Thomas Truxton, deceased, late
commodore in the United States Navy, was
taken up for consideration.
The bill was read. It authorizes and directs
the Secretary of the Interior to place on the
pension-roll the name of Mary Swift, daughter
of Thomas Truxton, deceased, late commo-
dore in the United States Navy, and allow her
a pension at the rate of fifty dollars a month,
to be paid as now provided by law in such
cases.
Mr. RANDALL. I submit the following
letter from the Navy Department in reference
to this case:
Navy Department,
Washington, February 6,1873.
Sir : In reply to the note of the clerk of the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs, of which you are chairman,
in regard to the propriety of the passage of a bill for
thereliefof Mary Swift, daughter of the late Captain
Truxton, United States Navy, I have to say that no
officer of the Navy has a better reoord of service than
Captain Truxton. He was one of the early and
meritorious officers of the Navy who. by their skill
and gallantry in our early wars with theBarbary
Powers, and in the French troubles in 1779, gave to
the service that impulse aud heroic tone which car-
ried it so nobly through the war of 1812 and all sub-
sequent wars. In the French troubles in 1799 Captain
Truxton, in command of the frigate Constellation,
captured two French frigates, both of superior force
to his own ship; and throughout his whole naval
career he personally was distinguished for extra-
ordinary skill and efficicncy, and a gallantry almost
romantic. His services to his country can hardly be
estimated in money value; and, while Congress
must, of course, be the judge of the propriety of
affording relief to the aged daughter in her time of
absolute need, I cannot refuse to say that her case
has my warmest sympathy, both personally and as
the representative of a service which her father so
much honored and inspired.
I am, sir, very respectfully,
WEORttE M. ROBESON.
Secretary of the N avy.
Hon. 6. W. ScOFIELD, Chnirman Committee
on Naval Affair*. Home of Representatives.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. RANDALL moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
bridge at little rock.
Mr. BOLES. I wish to make a parliament-
ary inquiry. When will it be in order to pre-
sent a report of a conference committee?
The SPEAKER. To what subject does the
report relate ?
Mr. BOLES. It is a conference report on
the bridge at Little Rock.
The SPEAKER. Is the gentlemen a mem-
ber of the conference committee ?
Mr. BOLES. I am not; but the report has
been turned over to me by one of the man-
agers on the part of the House.
The SPEAKER. One of the managers of
the conference informed the Chair that he de-
sired specially to be present when that report
was made. The Chair cannot recognize any
other than one of the managers to present the
report. It is not privileged in any other hands.
Mr. BOLES. The Senate has acted upon
the bill.
The SPEAKER. The report certainly can-
not be privileged except when presented by a
member of the conference committee.
Mr. BOLES. The bill has been in the
hands of the conference committee ever since
last May.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman may call
the attention of the conference committee to
their duty; but that will not give Mm control
over the papers.
Mr. BOLES. A member of the conference
committee turned the matter over to me, and
requested me to present the report.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks it would
be an exceedingly irregular proceeding to
allow a conference report to be presented by
any one not a member of the conference com-
mittee.
Mr. BOLES. Will it not be in order to
take up the bill as it came from the Senate?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman certainly
should be able to get one of the conferees to
make the report. The Chair in his whole
legislative experience has never known a con-
ference report to be presented by any gentle-
man not a member of the conference commit-
tee.
Mr. BOLES. Suppose they never do report.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman may raise
a point of order on them for not doing it. He
may raise the point of neglect of duty ; but
the fact that they do not report does not de-
volve the duty upon him to make the report.
Mr. BOLES. The report was agreed to last
May, and has not been made since.
The SPEAKER. That may be the fact, but
the Chair knows nothing of it.
Mr. RANDALL. I demand the regular
order of business.
CREDIT MOBILIER.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. KeLLEY] is entitled to the
floor on the resolution affecting himself offered
by his colleague.
Mr. KELLEY. I hope, Mr. Speaker, for
the calm and dispassionate hearing of my
judges I shall detain the House from its
legitimate business for a very brief time. The
occasion is one of too much dignity, of too
much importance to me and my family, to
permit me to divert it to personal or partisan
discussion. I shall, therefore, not follow or
attempt to reply to the remarks of my young
colleague who brought my name thus be-
fore this House and the country. There arc
those on both sides of this House who have
associated with me for twelve long years. The
4th of March, now rapidly approaching, will
mark twelve years since 1 became a member-
elect of the American Congress, and the 4th
of next July will mark twelve years since when,
on the threshold of the most eventful period
of my country's history, I took the oath of
office. Since then the senior members of
yonder side of the House, as well as many of
the gentlemen around me here, have been my
almost constant associates; and, sir, were it
proper I should adduce witnesses here and
now, I would invoke, in spite of past partisan
or personal controversies, the testimony of
each and all of them to my integrity ; but it is
not proper.
My case is not ready for argument. My
witnesses have not been heard. The commit-
tee acting as a grand inquest ignored the
charges against me; and yet I am showing
cause why I should not respond by standing
up for sentence. It is not proper, therefore,
that I should now invoke your testimony. I
may, however, should the Congress of the
United States so deny me the privileges ac-
corded to the veriest criminal brought before
any of the courts of the country—I may and
will teach the boy who bears my name, when
he shall meet any of you, to challenge you as
to the blamelessness of my life among you,
as to whether my habits have been such as to
cause suspicion of extravagant expenditure
or of the undue pursuit of wealth. It shall
be his privilege to ask from any and all of
you whether his father passed his life in
your presence in luxurious or riotous living,
whether he neglected his public duties for the
pursuit of gain, whether his habits were not
unostentatious, inexpensive, laborious, and
whether for the best twelve years of his life he
did not place, not only before him, but before
his associates in every walk of life, the ex-
ample of a life of labor and self-denial.
What is now announced as the charge
against me ? That I have accepted $329 as a
bribe. Mr. Speaker, the last ten years have
been said to be years of extravagant ex-
penditure and profligate outlay of land and
money. I was for four years a member of your
Naval Committee when it was considering
questions involving contracts for millions and
tens and thirties of millions of dollars, but
who here or elsewhere ever heard my name
connected with the profits of a contract or the
allegation that one dollar of my country's
money not received as salary for my services
during that period stuck to my hands? I have
been for four years a member of the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means; a committee, sir,
whose decisions touch more largely the pecun-
iary condition of the couutry and the people
thereof than those of any other committee of
the House. On what question before that
committee have I reserved my opinion until
parties in interest might confer with me and
determine my vote? Have I ever failed to be
outspoken on any question before that or any
other committee of this House, or the House
itself? It has been sometimes complained ot
me that I have been rash in the utterances of
my opinions and imperative in my demands ;
but I have yet to hear for the first time the
suggestion that ray opinions have halted until I
could adjust them to the interest of others, nor-
do I believe there is a member of this House, or
any one who has been a member since the
Thirty-Seventh Congress organized, that ever
entertained such a suspicion. In 1845, or early
in 1846, I began to devote the leisure allowed
me by my professional labors to bringing before
the people of Philadelphia, and through them
to the attention of the people of the country,
the project of connecting the waters of Lake
Michigan with those of the Columbia river and
Puget sound.
Asa Whitney had fascinated me by the
grandeur of his scheme. It involved not only
the construction of a railroad across the desert,
but the peopling of that then almost unexplored
region with the poor of the world. Connected
with Mr. Whitney's scheme for that great
national and commercial enterprise was the
magnificent and humane theory of bringing
from the oppressed lands beyond the Atlantic,
and gathering from the crowded cities of our
own eastern States, each year a fresh army of
laborers to cut the forests from around the
base of Lake Michigan; to move forward with
the construction of that railroad, and to leave
behind, as its guards for the present and its
patrons in the future, colonies each year, so
that when it should be finished the mails to
and from British India would drop their fat-
ness in our land as they passed through the
then thriving towns and cities of the Rocky
mountain region. And from that day to this
no scheme which promised success and pro-
posed to unite the ports of the Atlantic with
those of the Pacific has failed to receive my
early, my ardent, my most liberal support.
We have granted lands by millions of acres.
But who has said, who believes—flay, sir, who
suspects, that one acre of thosfe millions or
the proceeds thereof have lodged with Wil-
