880
TEE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 27,
tracts between individuals except that which
is known in the risky enterprises in maritime
matters termed loan3 upon bottomry, where it
is understood that the last loan has precedence
of all others because it is given at great risk
to save that which was incurred bel'ore. The
United States in this case generously, and as
I may say now almost improvidently, came
forward and consented that their loans to this
road secured by the lien of a first mortgage
should give way to a second class of creditors
who had not met the dangers consequent upon
all such new improvements and taken its
risk^, but had waited until their payment had
been secured by the expenditure of public
moneys, and then came forward and loaned
money upon what was an established security,
for it was a road partially built and certain
to be built by this relinquishment of the
United States.
This act of the United States generously
postponing its own claims in order to secure
the building of the road, taking a lien only
secondarily secured—an act in favor of the
railroad companies, expressly intended by its
own terms to save to the United States every
security originally given to it by a mortgage
except that that mortgage should be postponed
to a prior lien—was soon sought to be con-
strued into a relinquishment of the claim of
the Government and a change of the nature of
the contract between it and these railway cor-
porations, whose roads had been built entirely
by the free gift and at the sole cost of the
people of the United States.
It is time indeed, Mr. President, that these
questions should be looked into. Why, sir,
taking the proposition of the Senate Judiciary
Committee of 1871, which is sought to be de-
fended here again, but which I do not think
would meet with the deliberate favor of either
House of Congress at this time under the late
developments of what have been the profits
and what has been the system of doing busi-
ness in the construction of these roads, if that
proposition were carried out, this debt Of
$28,000,000 to tSe United States, which they
have already consented should be postponed
for a prior mortgage, would amount to $58,-
000,000 at the simple rate of interest; and if
money were used in the ordinary legitimate
methods of computation, in the thirty years'
time to which this report would postpone
the claims of the United States the debt of
$28,000,000 that was intended to be advanced
by the Government of the United States and to
make themselves responsible for the company
to that extent, \tfould have become $84,000,000;
and then where would the United States look
for payment of this monstrous sum?
What is the proposition of this amendment?
It was a clear and distinct understanding,
based upon the act that gave these bonds
existence and authorized their issue, that all
compensation for services rendered for the
Government should be applied to the payment
of the bonds and interest until the whole
amount was fully paid. The United States, iu
1864, at the further solicitation of these com-
panies, upon their further demand, in a spirit
of continued munificent generosity, ielin-
quished one half of the amount which might
be due from them for compensation for ser-
vices in transportation rendered by the rail-
way companies to them upon the ground stated
by the honorable Senator from Ohio [Mr.
Sherman] that as it was possible during the
war or subsequent for the Government to
monopolize the business of the road, whereby
there would be no receipts to the company,
no services performed by the company to and
for any other party than the United States,
therefore they might be crippled by actually
having no income, because the United States
might withhold the whole of it under the
terms of the contract, they agreed that to assist
the company, to provide against any such con-
tingency, one half of the whole amount only,
whether it should be greater or less, due from
the United States to the company for the
transportation of troop3 and other public ser-
vices should be withheld by the Government
on account of their payment of these bonds
and their interest. Now the proposition is,
that the Government of the United States,
as there is due confessedly from the Govern-
ment to these two railway corporations a cer-
tain sum in compensation of services per-
formed in the way of transportation of Gov-
ernment material and of Government troops,
should hold that and apply it to the extin-
guishment of the claim of the company for
interest upon the bonds ; and that this should
be done by way of set-off. No one can dis
pute the equity of this. What right have these
companies, the grantees of a public franchise,
the grantees of public property, the creatures
of public munificence, to set up here a tech-
nical construction which shall reverse all the
rules of construction in courts of law and say
that the public franchise should betaken most
strictly in favor of the grantee?
There is no such rule, Mr. President; it is
directly the reverse. All grants of the people's
property, all grants of the right of eminent
domain, all grants of a public character, are
always to bo construed most strictly against
the party receiving them. The rights of the
people are to be jealously guarded in that re-
spect; and under that rule and under that con-
struction, I cannot doubt what would be said
by a court in respect to this question. At any
rate, the Congress of the United States, repre-
senting the Government of the United States,
do not propose to make themselves the arbiters
of that question. They simply ask that it may
be referred to a tribunal fit and competent to
weigh both facts and law to decide upon these
questions.
Of all the propositions for such a reference
none strikes me as being so untechnical, none
strikes me as being more fair and equitable
than that of the Senator from Vermont. The
tribunal that he has chosen, the Court of
Claims, is precisely the one where this should
go and precisely the one where I think ttie
sense of the people of this country should de-
mand that it be sent. I think the people of
this country are awakening to the true nature
of what is done under the name of public
spirit, of public enterprise, by the grantees of
these vast franchises. When they have seen
these unreasonable and, I may term them these
unrepublican, fortunes rolled up by wealthy
contractors and those wit h whom they are asso-
ciated, I say the public sense is shocked, and
well may it be shocked, at the monstrous, ex-
cessive, illegitimate character of the profits
which have been derived.
Sir, the Senate of the United States cannot
too quickly become strict in construing all
these matters. There is a public demand that
they should be so, and I trust that the exceed-
ingly moderate measure now proposed lor the
protection of the public Treasury may be
passed by a most decisive vote of the Senate.
There is here no proposition to construe law ;
there is here no proposition to withdraw from
any engagement made by the Congress of the
United States for the Government through
law, but simply that the facts and the law as
they are now shown to exist shall be sub-
mitted to the adjudication of the courts of the
country, so that, the rights of the Government
may be ascertained and the rights of these
parties at the same time.
But, Mr. President, I should not be in favor
of commingling in soliclo the claims of the
United States for past interest paid by them
in full with the claim of their right to retain
one half of the sum due from them by way of
compensation and the five per cent, of the net
profits of the road. There may be questions
affecting the right to recover the entire interest
paid by the United States upon these bonds
from the company, which I would not wish to
have mingled with or to be affected by the
decision of the rights of the United States to
recover the whole amount of interest. The
claim to set-off one half the amount due from
the Government for transportation and other
services to the company and the claim for the
five percent, of the net profits of the company,
to be paid annually, I prefer to see stated and
settled upon their own basis; and that the right
of the United States, which I am disposed to
consider clear and indubitable, to those two
amounts should not be affected by any decis-
ion that might also include the claim for the
whole of the interest.
There are other questions arising which I
do not care to detain the Senate by discussing,
nor would it be useful at this time to do so.
All that I mean at present to say is that
I trust the amendment as just read by the
honorable Senator from Vermont may receive
the decided approbation of the Senate.
Mr. STEWART, I shall vote for the amend-
ment of the Senator from Vermont as now
modified. I regard as very important the
proposition that preference shall be given to
this suit above all others, thereby enabling the
whole subject to be finally adjudicated in the
Supreme Court at an early day, and removing
it from stock operations at the earliest possible
period.
I was not here, I did not have the good for-
tune (for I should certainly esteem it as such)
to vote for the original bill of 18G2 or the
amendment of 1864. I did not come into the
Senate until after the act of 1864 was passed.
I regard that as legislation which has produced
some of the grandest results of any legislation
that has ever been passed by the Congress of
the United States. The construction of the
Pacific railroad is a great event in our history.
The new relations that we are assuming with
China and Japan are very important, andare so
regarded by all. The means of speedy transit
across the continent that we now enjoy are the
cause of the advantage that we possess in the
intercourse with Asia, and particularly with
China and Japan. That trade is becoming
enormous, and will be exceedingly profitable.
I say if the United States had made a dona-
tion of this whole amount it would have been
money well invested, in view of our relations
with the Bast, in view of our situation in case
of a foreign war, in view of the seven or eight
millions per annum that are saved that other-
wise would be expended in attempting to carry
the mails and perform the other Government
transportation across the plains. Seventy-five
hundred thousand dollars was reported at the
time these roads were commenced to be the
annual cost, and it was said to be increasing,
of the attempts that were made to transport
the mails over this line. That we have avoided.
In view of the great development of the inte-
rior, in view of the fact that you have Utah
now a productive Territory, producing this
year, it is estimated, about $10,000,000, in
view of the fact that you are solving by natural
laws that great Mormon question which other-
wise would have been exceedingly trouble-
some and expensive, that question being rap-
idly settled by the intercourse which this
railroad has brought there, in view of the fact
of the development of the mineral resources
in eastern Nevada, of Idaho and Montana,
and through that whole region—in view of all
these vast benefits that have resulted from this
road, I say Congress was right in aiding the
road.
And when this legislation was had, it must
be remembered that the facts were not all be-
fore Congress. This was an unexplored region.
It was difficult to enlist capital in the work. It
was in a time of war, when everything was
exceedingly expensive. If the results that
have been produced by this appropriation had
been known at that time, I do not believe
there was a member of either House who
would not have voted for it as a donation, if
that had been necessary, to attain these results.
So I do not think this Congress, with the lights
now before it, should reflect upon those who
