1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
881
voted for those bills originally or characterize
the legislation as extravagant.
But inasmuch as serious objection exists in
the minds of many with regard to the legal
construction of these statutes, I suppose there
is no doubt that it is best to have the question
settled; and if it can be speedily settled, the
withholding of this transportation account,
pending the litigation, cannot be any serious
detriment to the parties interested. If itshall
finally be determined that the Government had
the right to withhold it, the money will be safe
in the meantime, and a very speedy remedy is
now suggested in the amendment proposed by
the Senator from Vermont. I think that brings
the litigation all to one point, where it will be
mostspeedily consummated, and that under the
circumstances the amendment had better be
adopted, and let us have a judicial determin-
ation of these statutes by the highest tribunal
in the land. I shall vote for the amendment
of the Senator from Vermont.
Mr. CASSERLY. I suppose the first thing
in order to be disposed of is the amendment
of the Senator from Maine. In regard to that
I wish to say that I was very much struck by
the objection of the Senator from Vermont.
That objection, if I understood it, was that
while jurisdiction is given in general terms to
circuit courts over the contemplated suits, no
provision is made for the important point of
the service of process. A court may have
jurisdiction of a subject-matter, as every law-
yer knows ; but unless it can also have juris-
diction of the persons to be affected by its
judgment, its judgment is of very little value.
I take it, sir, that all that the amendment of
the Senator from Maine, as it reads, does
in giving jurisdiction, is to give jurisdiction of
the subject-matter. I propose, therefore, (and
probably he will assent to it,) to offer an amend-
ment regarding the service of process, to come
in at the end of his amendment. I ask his
attention to my amendment.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I would suggest to the
Senator from California that we might take
the question upon the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Maine as it stands, and if the Senate
prefers that to mine, as I hope they will not,
then it can be added to by this provision
about process ; but if they prefer not to have
that method of amendment at all, then the
modification of it will be unnecessary.
Mr. CASSERLY. This amendment refers
to nothing but service of process. It was
suggested to me by the objection, which I
deemed a valid one, the Senator from Vermont
made to the amendment of the Senator from
Maine. I am not quite determined yet which
of these two amendments to vote for. There-
fore I wish to make the amendment of the
Senator from Maine effective in the highly
essential point of jurisdiction of the persons
to be affected by the judgment.
Mr. THURMAN. I wish to say in brief
that I shall feel compelled to vote against the
amendment of the Senator from Maine. If
there were no other objection to it there is
one that seems to me in a practical point of
view ought to be sufficient. It will neces-
sitate the bringing by the United States of five
or six suits in five or six different jurisdictions,
in which different conflicting decisions maybe
rendered by different judges; whereas the
amendment of the Senator from Vermont
proposes a very simple mode by which these
questions can be decided in one tribunal, and
from that tribunal taken by the briefest possible
manner and iu the simplest possible mode to
the highest judicial tribunal of the country,
the Supreme Court of the United States. I
think that every lawyer here will see that the
cause will be greatly speeded by the course
proposed by the Senator from Vermont if it
should be adopted.
Mr. CASSERLY. I understood that the
amendment of the Senator from Maine pro-
vided for the trial of these cases in the circuit
42u Ooim. 3d Sess.—No. 56.
court of the United States for the southern
district of New York.
Mr. THURMAN. He changed all that.
Mr. CASSERLY. If that has been changed,
it may have been changed to an extent that
would render my amendment, if not unmean-
ing, at least of very little v*lue. I ask to
have the amendment of the Senator from
Maine read once more as it now stands.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Secre-
tary will report the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Maine, and also the amendment
suggested by the Senator from California.
The Chief Clerk. The amendment of the
Senator from Maine is to strike out all of the
amendment of the Senator from Vermont, and
to insert:
It shall be the duty of the President to take such
measures, or fco institute such suits, as may be neces-
sary to recoverfrom the Pacific railroad companies
the interest paid by the United States on bonds
issued for the use of either of said roads and the
five per cent, on the net earnings provided for by
law; and jurisdiction is hereby conferred upon the
circuit court of the United States for the several dis-
tricts of the United States to hear and determine
such suits, subject to appeal as in other cases; and
it shall be the duty of the said court to give such
proceedings preference over all other cases.
The Senator from California proposes to
add to that amendment the following ;
And the service of process upon the president or
secretary of any of such companies respectively in
any State or Territory where said companies re-
spectively shall have their principal offices or any
part of their railroads shall be sufficient service for
the purpose of such suits.
Mr. CASSERLY. The amendment of the
Senator from Maine as it now stands requires
as much as though it had not been changed
the addition of the amendment which I have
sent up, because to give jurisdiction of these
suits to the several circuit courts of the Uni-
ted' States is simply to give them, upon any-
thing like a strict construction of the lan-
guage, jurisdiction merely of the subject-mat-
ter. As I said, it is still essential to provide
the means whereby they shall gain jurisdic-
tion of the persons; otherwise the suits would
not be brought in any district except the dis-
trict of which these railroad companies are, in
the eye of the law, the residents respectively ;
so that if the Senator from Maine desires to
leave the law officers of the Government the
widest choice in the selection of the court or
courts in which to bring these suits, it seems
to me he ought, at least if I understand the
value of my amendment, to assent to it.
Whether or not the objection which has just
been urged by the Senator from Ohio to the
course of bringing these cases in a great many
different courts is a conclusive one against the
amendment of the Senator from Maine I do not
now determine. I shall consider that during
the time that will be allowed while these amend-
ments are being disposed of by the Senate. I
do not see any necessity for raising or creating
the difficulty which the Senator from Ohio sug-
gests. With my amendment for getting juris-
diction of the person of these railroads, the
law officers of the United States will have the
power to bring these suits, the whole of them,
in one court and in any circuit court of their
selection ; so that what the Senator from Ohio
has said, it seems to me, increases the neces-
sity for adopting this amendment of mine. I
ask the Senator from Mame whether he has
any objection to adding my amendment to his ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. No, sir, I do
not think I have the slightest. I think it adds
perhaps efficiency to it, and might facilitate,
if it should pass, the prosecution of the suits.
If I understand the effect of the Senator's
proposition, it is that half a dozen suits against
these parties or one suit may be brought
against all these railroad companies in one
district by giving notice.
Mr. CASSERLY. My idea is, that giving
this special power for obtaining jurisdiction ot
the person of the railroad company by a ser-
vice as indicated in my amendment will leave
to the United States law officers a perfect free-
dom of choice whether they will bring these
cases all in one circuit or in several circuits, to
be selected by them according to their judg-
ment anywhere throughout the country.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. That is as I
supposed it was. Whether there be a consti-
tutional difficulty in the way of that or not, I
will not stop to consider, but I am extremely
anxious to give some progress to this bill, and
I propose to make a suggestion to the Senate
which, if it is acceptable, I think will have a
tendency to do that. It is apparent that the
discussion has elicited a good deal of opinion
here, and the proposition of the Senator from
Vermont has been modified and in some sense
assimilated to the one I proposed as a substi-
tute. The other day the Senator appealed to
me to allow him to take the expression of the
Senate as to these two propositions directly
upon his amendment. Now that the Senate
understand both propositions, I think, thor-
oughly, with a'view of testing the sense of the
Senate on the whole question, and with a view
of giving facility to the bill, I ask the permis-
sion of the Senate—I suppose it is pnly with
general consent I can do it—to withdraw my
amendment to the end that the Senate may
have a direct vote on the proposition of the
Senator from Vermont, with the statement
that I will renew it again provided the Senate
do not express a preference for the amend-
ment of the Senator from Vermont as modi-
fied.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I have no objection to
that. It is precisely what I asked the Senator
to do two or three hours ago.
Mr. CORBETT. Mr. President, I shall
favor the proposition of the Senator from Ver-
mont for this reason : thirteen million dollars
has now accumulated in interest that has not
been paid by these roads. If we require by
the adoption of the amendment of the Senator
from Maine a suit to be commenced against
these roads for the recovery of this large
amount of money now, it will very seriously
embarrass the companies. It is very certain
these companies have not contemplated any-
thing of that kind, neither have the inno-
cent holders of the stock of these companies
thought of a suit of that kind being commenced.
Therefore, if we should adopt the amendment
of the Senator from Maine requiring this suit,
the effect upon the innocent holders of these
stocks would be very serious indeed. It seems
to me that the amendment proposed by the
Senator from Vermont is much more reason-
able and proper. I think the Government
should take measures to protect its interest in
this respect, but it' should not adopt such
harsh measures as to injure innocent holders
of the stock of the companies. It cannot be
otherwise, if suits are commenced for this
entire amount of interest, but that the embar-
rassment to the parties holding these stocks
will be very great.
There is a question whether provision should
be made for the payment of this interest here-
after, but certainly suit should not be com-
menced against these companies for the inter-
est that has been allowed to accumulate
heretofore. It is too large an amount to com-
mence suit for without great injury to their
interests and to the public interests at large.
For that reason I shall support the amend-
ment offered by the Senator from Vermont.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I ask for the yeas and
nays on my amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CASSERLY. What is the precise
question ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion now is on the amendment offered by the
Senator from Vermont, the Senator from
Maine having withdrawn his amendment to
the amendment.
Mr. CASSERLY. Is it in order for me to
offer that amendment over again as proposed
to be amended just now by myself?
