1842
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 27,
The gentlemen who were on trial appeared
before that committee with their counsel and
their witnesses. Their cases were patiently
listened to; they were fully and completely
discussed in thi3 House; and painful as that
duty was the members of this House imposed
a sentence of censure upon the former con-
duct of those gentlemen. I recollect them
well. When I first came to this House four
years ago one of those men was pointed out
to me as the originator in fact of the Union
Pacific railroad, the man by whose energy and
indomitable perseverance it had been built.
The other was known to me more or less, as he
was to almost every man in the United States,
as one of the leaders of the Democratic party.
In the discharge of what I considered a duty
I to-day voted to impose a censure upon their
conduct.
Now, sir, what is the next scene in the
drama? ■ Up starts some one upon some side
of this House and moves a ceusure upon some
other man who has never been on trial, who
has never had his witnesses summoned, who is
new tci the process. Sir, this proceeding is
strange; it is remarkable. What would you
say, sir, if a person were on trial in one of
our courts of justice, and after the evidence
had been heard, after the real culprit had had
the judgment of the court inflicted on him, the
judge should call up a bystander who happened
to be mentioned in the testimony of some of
the witnesses and should propose to inflict
sentence on him ? Such, sir, is the programme
that is being carried out here to night. I
undertake to say that William D. kelleyhas
not been on trial before this House ; nor, sir,
was he called before the committee in the
capacity of a defendant.
Mr. NIBLACK, of Indiana. As the gen-
tleman is discussing the action of the com-
mittee 
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Michigan [Mr. stocghton]'yield to the gen-
tleman from Indiana, [Mr. Niblack?]
Mr. STOUGHTON. I have not yielded to
anybody, and I do not propose to do so.
Now, sir, I wish to present just this simple
question: is it right and just, is it meet and
proper, that a man before he is condemned
m this House should have a hearing and a
trial ? That is the question; and there is no
other question in reality before us. Gentle-
men will recollect that the seventh amend-
ment to the Constitution provides in substance
that no man shall be deprived of twenty dol-
lars' worth of property without a trial by jury;
so careful were the frarners of the Constitution
that even the civil rights of men should be pro-
tected'. Now, is it proposed here in this grand
inquest, in the Congress of the United States,
that you shall sentence a man to an infamous
punishment without giving him an opportun-
ity to be heard; without allowing him to have
'either witnesses or counsel in his defense?
Why, sir,, this record discloses the whole thing.
If gentlemen will refer to page 197 of this
record they will find that William D. Kelley
was sworn as a witness before the committee
of this House. He was not there as a defend-
ant. He was not there as a person on trial.
He was there as a witness. As a witness he
gave his testimony fairly, fully, and frankly.
His testimony went to make up the verdict
which has been rendered in this case.
Now, sir, when the men who were on trial
have been disposed of, the next thing which
comes up is a resolution to censure and pass
judgment on him without having had a hear-
ing or a trial. Sir, it will not answer to give
way either to public clamor or partisan feeling
in this way. It is unsafe. It will not do for
gentlemen. Chickens of that kind may come
home^to roost. It comes with poor grace from
that side of the House which will be in a fear-
ful minority, with more than two thirds major-
ity on this side of the House, who can tarn
out any man on that side of the House. Then
they will ask, if anything of this kind shall
occur—and I trust it will not occur—they will
ask, and ask with justice. They shall have a
hearing, they shall have a trial, that they may
appear by themselves, or by their counsel,
and that witnesses maybe summoned to make
out their case.
It seems to me, Mr. Speaker, in conclusion,
we ought to put in a general demurrer to this
whole proceeding and stop it right here. That
is all there is to be said in the case. It is in
violation of justice, it is in violation of right,
it is abhorrent to every principle of reason
and common sense.
Mr. DICKEY. I now yield for five minutes
to the gentleman from Connecticut, [Mr.
Hawley.]
Mr. HAWLEY, of Connecticut. Mr.
Speaker, I have a resolution to offer, partly in
the interest of public business, it is true, but
chiefly in the interest of justice. Excuse me
for first reading it myself :
Whereas the select committee of which Hon.
L. P. Poland is chairman, have made known to the
House that they wore restricted in the scope of their
report by the terms of the resolution under which
they acted:
Resolved, That the testimony reported by said
select committee be recommitted; that there be re-
ferred with it the testimony taken by the select com-
mittee of January 6, Hon. J. M. Wilson chairman,
and that said first-named committee be instructed to
report whether in their opinion, upon the evidence
before them, any further action is necessary to man-
ifest the judgment of the House upon tho connection
of members of the House with the Credit Mobilier
of America, or in general with corporations of any
kind dependent upon national legislation, said
committee being authorized to admit additional
evidence if justice shall seem to require it.
Mr. Speaker, how many minutes am I
allowed?
The SPEAKER. Five minutes.
Mr. HAWLEY, of Connecticut. I will as
hastily as possible, then, endeavor to give the
reasons why I think this substitute ought to be
adopted which I have now offered.
Mr. WOOD. I rise to a question of order.
Mr. HAWLEY. I decline absolutely to
yield tho floor to anybody.
Mr. WOOD. I rise to a question of order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from
New York rises to a question of order. It
does not come out of the time of the gentle-
man from Connecticut.
Mr. WOOD. Is this resolution offered as a
substitute for the pending resolution, or as
an amendment? In what respect does it
come before the House?
Mr. HAWLEY, of Connecticut. Asa sub-
stitute.
Mr. WOOD. The gentleman has not so
said.
Mr. HAWLEY, of Connecticut. Then it
was an omission on my part.
Mr. Speaker, the resolution under which
the first committee acted referred to certain
accusations of bribery which were specified
in the preamble to that resolution ; and then
it was ordered that a committee of five should
be raised to investigate whether any member
of this House was bribed by Oakes Ames or
any other person or corporation in any matter
touching his legislative duties. You will per-
ceive in a moment this resolution is quite re-
strictive in its scope. They can inquire about
nothing but bribery. The report touches only
that matter of bribery or the question of at-
tempted bribery. They 'report against two
members of this House. They reported the
facts concerning various members, with no
judgment. They gave the House to under-
stand formally enough for our information they
were not at liberty to make any other recom-
mendation, or to offer any other action on any
other topic whatever. They were confined to
the question of bribery alone. Whether if
the resolution had been broader they would
have reported additional resolutions, or some-
thing that would have more fully satisfied the
mind of the House, does not easily appear.
They told us they could go no further.
Now, sir, shall we go on as we have for the
last two hours, permitting all sorts of random
attacks on this, that, and the other of six or
eight members, highly respected members of
this House—attacks which carry with them
destruction of reputations built up by a life-
time of successful labor ?
Shall we admit these resolutions in suc-
cession, permitting, as common decency would
require, all these gentlemen to enter upon
a labored defense here upon the floor of this
House ? What sort of an investigation, what
sort of a j,rial would that be?
It was intimated to these various members
during the progress of that investigation before
the committee that it was not necessary for
them to consider themselves individually on
regular trial there. They were given to under-
stand that no charge of bribery would be re-
ported or was entertained against them; for
the evidence had gone far enough for that.
Therefore they sat still and did not bring in
their witnesses. Now it appears that, without
the jury having had it under consideration, a
succession of terrible verdicts are to be pressed
on this House for the ruin of these men.
Now, what I offer is not alone for their pro-
tection but for ours, as was well suggested
by the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Diokey] who last spoke. We cannot afford
to attack and run down these men without
observing something of the forms of a trial.
My resolution acknowledging that this com-
mittee had not scope to cover the whole sub-
ject, gives them that scope and directs them
to report. This is following the legal and
logical, the parliamentary, and presumedly the
just course. And I move upon my resolution
the previous question, that the House may
have time for some other business.
Mr. WOOD. I rise to a point of order. It
is that the amendment of the gentleman from
Connecticut is not germane to the pending
resolution, and cannot therefore be received.
The SPEAKER. The point would have
been good if the gentleman had not allowed
the amendment" to be discussed. He* raises
the point of order too late.
Mr. HOLMAN. I desire to suggest to the
Chair that the resolution of the geutleman
from Connecticut was not read at the desk.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman's resolu-
tion was read.
Mr. SPEER. It was read only by the gen-
tleman himself.
The SPEAKER. The Chair finds he was
mistaken. The Clerk will read the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Connecticut.
The amendment was read by the Clerk.
The SPEAKER. The point of order made
by the gentleman from New York [Mr. Wood]
is that the resolution pending is a resolution
referring to a particular gentleman by name,
and that the substitute enlarges the particular
provisions of the resolution so as to increase
its scope beyond what the rules of the House
permit. The Chair sustains the point of order.
Mr. HAWLEY, of Connecticut. I will mod-
ify my substitute so as to make it in order.
The SPEAKER. The resolution of the gen-
tleman is not before the House.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move that the whole
subject be laid on the table.
Mr. STEVENSON. I do not think this
can be put on the table. We cannot shirk
this question.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I hope the gen-
tleman from Tennessee [Mr. Mayuard] will
withdraw his motion. I want to be heard on
this attempt for an inquisition at a time when
everybody knows it cannot do more thau to
throw a shadow over men who now stand ac-
quitted.
Mr. DAWES. I want to say to my friend from
Connecticut [Mr. Hawley] that it is very
strange that he should want to adjourn this
House with an investigation over the heads of
members. He has proposed to impose a duty
upon a committee of this House which he
knows cannot be performed in the waning
of the session; and he is willing to let
