1873.
THE 0 OJST&RESSIQ:¥AL GLOBE.
members of this House rest under such charge
as an unfinished investigation.
Now, Mr. Speaker, if anybody has any
charge to bring against me, let him bring it
here and now; and without any further in-
vestigation I will submit it to the judgment of
this House. But I pray my friend from Con-
necticut not to adjourn this House with an
investigation hanging over my head. If my
frioiid from Connecticut has anything to lay
to my door, let him lay it here and now; and
I will take the judgment of this House now
upon it. But he knows that any such invest-
igation as he proposes cannot be finished
with the other business of this House.
A committee of investigation, Mr. Speaker,
has acquitted me. I submit their verdict to
this House without one word. If anybody
has anything to add to that verdict, let him
do so hero and now. I have sat here during
the three long days of this discussion without
opening my mouth, conscious of the parity
of my motives and of every one of my official
acts since I came into this House.
I am ready, sir, to meet here and now any
charge that any member will lay at my door;
but, sir, it is due to me, it is due to my asso-
ciates here, that you do not adjourn this House
with an unfinished investigation hanging over
our heads.
Mr. HAWLEY, of Connecticut. I think
what I have proposed 
Mr. RANDALL. Is this question debat-
able ?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. NEGLEY. I think we have heard
enough from the gentleman from Connecticut
in regard to this matter; he has said .enough
to secure his reelection.
The question was on the motion of Mr.
Maynard, to lay on. the table the resolution
offered by Mr. Speer.
Mr. SPEER. On that question I ask the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
111 the affirmative—yeas 117, nays 75, not voting
48; as follows:
TEAS—Messrs. Adams, Ames, Averill, James B.
Beck, Bingham, Buffinton, Bunnell, Burdett, Ben-
jamin J)'. Butler, Roderick R. Butler, Cobb, Coburn,
Cog hi an, Comingo, Conger, Conner, Cotton, Crocker,
Darrall, Dawes, Dickey, Donnan, Duell, Dunnell,
Eames, Eldredge, Elliott, Esty} Farnsworth, Ear-
well, Charles Foster, Wilder D. Foster, Frye, Gar-
field, Garrett, Getz, Golladay, Hale, Halsey.Harmer,
Harper, George 15. Harris, Havens, John B. Haw-
ley, Hays, Gerry W. Hazelton, John W. Hazelton,
Hill, lioar, Hooper, Houghton, Kellogg, Ketcham,
Killinger, Lamison, Lamport, Lansing, Love, Lynch,
Maynard, McCrary, McGrew, MeHenry, MeKee,
Merriam, Monroe, Morey, Leonard Myers, Negley,
Orr, Packard, Packer, Palmer,, Isaac C. Parker,
Peck, Pendleton, Perce, Peters, Piatt, Prindle,
Rainey, John M. Rice, Ellis H. Roberts, John
Rogers, Rusk, Sargent, Sawyer, Scofield, Sessions,
Shanks, Sheldon, Shellabarger, Shober, Shoe-
maker, Sloss, H. Boardman Smith. John A. Smith,
Snapp, Snyder, Sprague, Stoughton, Stowell, St.
John, Washington Townsend, Tuthill, Twichell,
Xyncr, Upson, Waddcll, Wakeman, Waldron, Wal-
lace. Wheeler, Whiteley, Williams of Indiana, Jere-
miah M. Wilson, and John X. Wilson—117.
NAYS — Messrs. Acker, Archer, Arthur, Barber,
Beatty, Erasmus W. 'Beck, Bell, Bird, Braxton,
Bright, Burchard, Caldwell, Carroll, Cox, Crebs,
Crossland. Davis, Dos, JJuBose, Bake, Ely, Kinkeln-
burg, Giddings, Goodrich, Griffith, Ilaldeman, Han-
cock, Handley, John T. Harris, Joseph R. Hawley,
Hay, Hereford, Herndon, Hibbard, Holman, Ken-
dall, Kerr, King, Kmsolla, Leach, Lewis, Maeln-
tyre, Hanson, Marshall, McClelland, MeCorwick,
McICinney, Merrick. William E. Niblack, Porter,
Price, Randall, Read, Edward Y. Rice, Ritchie,
William R. Roberts, Robinson, Roosevelt, Slater,
Slocum, Speer, Stevens, Stevenson, Storm, Swanu,
i'crry, Thomas. Dwight Townsend, Walden, Wells,
Whitthorne, Willard, Winchester, Wood, and
NO'S VOTING—Messrs. Ambler, Banks, Barnum,
Barry, Bigby, Biggs, Austin Blair, Jamos G. Blair,
Boarman, Boles, Brooks, Buckley, Campbell, Clarke,
Creely, Criteher, Dodds, Forker, Ilonry D. Foster,
Hambleton, Ilanks, Kelley, McJunkiu. JlcNeely,
Benjamin F. Meyers, Mitchell, Moore, Morgan,
MorphiS. Silas L. Niblack, Hosoa W. Parker, Purry,
Poland, Potter, Sion H. Rogers. Seploy, Sherwood,
Worthington C. Smith, Starkweathor, Sutherland,
Syphcr, Taffe, Turner, Van Trump, Vauehan,
Voorhees, Warren, and Williams, of New York—18.
So the resolution was laid on the table.
HON. SAMUEL HOOPEK,
Mr. STEVENSON. I rise to a question of
privilege, and offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That in the judgment of this House it
is in violation of publie policy for members of Con-
gress to inv.est and speculate in stocks, bonds, and
securities of railroads the, value of which results
from and depends upon congressional giants of sub-
sidies in fJovernment bonds «r public-lauds.
Mr. PARKER, of Missifuri. Is that a ques-
tion of privilege? " " ' "
The SPEAKER. It.is not. ' ' ' " "
Mr. STEVENSON. Then I move to sus-
pend the rules and pass th^ resolution.
The SPEAKER. A question of privilege
is one which affects a member of the" House,
or an officer of the Government liable to. im-
peachment. The general declaration of prin-
ciples pertaining to anything is not a'question
of privilege.
Mr. STEVENSON. I move to suspend the
rules and pass the resolution ; aqd on that I
call for the yeas and nays.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from
Maine [Mr. Hale] was 011 the floor to, move
that the rules be suspended, and that the
House resolve itself into Committee of. the
Whole on the Senate amendments to the legis-
lative appropriation bill. The gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Stevensox] claimed that he had a
resolution of privilege^ Those gentleman who
have been affected by the report of the select
committee, a resolution in regard to one of
whom has been laid on the table, have expressed
a desire that there should be ample oppor-
tunity given to gentlemen who wished to offer
resolutions respecting them. The Chair thought
the gentleman from Ohio had a resolution of
that character, and -therefore recognized him
in preference to the gentleman from Maine,
supposing his was a question of privilege.
Mr. STEVENSOK. I hold t,ha,t it is a
question of privilege.
The SPEAKER. The Chair holds that it is
not.
Mr. STEVENSON, Then I Tise to a ques-
tion of privilege, and offer a resolution which
I send to the Clerk's desk.
Mr. DAWES. Can the gentleman take the
gentleman from Maine from the floor ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair" will entertain
the resolution. " .
The resolution was read, as'follows: "
Resolved, That this House hereby condemns the
conduct of Mr. Samcel Hooper, a Representative
in this House from the State of Massachusetts, for
investing in tho stock of the Credit Mohilier of
America, and in retaining an interest therein and
in receiving enormous dividends thereon, knowing
the business in whidh Said Credit if obil-rer was en-
gaged and the source.of its eaormous.proflts.
Mr. SARGENT. Is that a question of
privilege? If so, I will raise the question of
consideration on it.
The SPEAKER. The question of consid-
eration will be submitted to the House.
Mr. HOLMAN. Upon that I call for the
yeas and nays.
Mr. TYNER, Is a motion in order at,this
point to lay the resolution on the table?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the
question of consideration takes precedence of
that motion.
The question was taken upon ordering the
yeas and nays ; and there were twenty-nine- in
the affirmative.
. Mr. PLATT. I ask that the other side be
counted.
The SPEAKER. It will take one hundred
and seventeen in the negative to refuse the
yeas and nays. If the o|her sido is to be
counted the Chair will appoint tellers, and will
designate Mr. Stevenscx, of Ohio, and Mr.
Farnsworth, of Illinois, as tellers.
The House again divided; and the tellers
j reported that there were—ayes 38, noes 125.
So (one fifth voting in favor thereof) the
yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was, will the House now pro-
ceed to consider this resolution? (the one
offered by Mr; Stbvexsox.) ' ' -
The question was then taken; and there
were—yeas 76, nays 108, not voting 56 ; as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Acker, Arthur, B'eatty, Bell. Bird,
Austin Blair, Boarman, Braxton, Bright,Burehard,
Caldwell, Carroll, Coburn, Cox, Orcb.;, Crossland,
Davis, DuBose, Duke. Eldredge, Ely, Finkelnbwrg,
Henry D. Foster, Wilder D. Foster, Getz, Giddings,
Goodrich, Griffith, Hafdeman, Hancock, John T.
Harris, Joseph R. Hawley, Hay, Hereford! Hibbard,
Holman, Kendall, Kerr, Lamison, Lewis, M<aeln-
tyre, Manson, McCtelland, McCormipk, McKinney,
Merrick, Benjamin F. Meyers, Silas Li. NiMack,
William E. Niblack. Porter, Priee, Randall, Bead,
Edward Y. Kiee,B.itehie, William's. Roberts, Hob-
inson, Roosevelt, fiherwood, -Slater^ Slocum, H.
Boardman Smith,Spfeer, Stevens, Stevenson* Storm,
Swann, Terry, Dwight Townsend, Vaughan, Wad-
dell, Wells, Whitthorno, Willard, Wood, and
Young—76. -
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Ames, AveriH. Banks,
Erasmus W. Beck, Bingham, Buckley, Buffinton.
Bunnell, Burdett, Benjamin F. Butler, Roderick R.
Butler, Cobb, Coghlan, Conger, Conner, Cotton,
Crocker, Darrall, Dawes, Dickey, Donnan, Duell,
Dunnell, Eames, Elliott, Esty, Farnsworth, Far-
well, Charles Foster, Frye, Garfield, Garrett, Golla-
day, Hale, Halsey, Harmer, Harper, George JG.
Harris, Havens, John B. Hawley, Hays, Gerry W.
Hazelton, John W. Hazeltott, Hill, Hoar, HougtL-
ton, Kelley, Kellogg, Ketebam, Killinger, Lamport,
Lansing, Lowe, Maynajrd, McCrary, McGrew, Mc-
Junkin, MeKee, Merriam, Mitchell, Monroe, Moore.
Morey, Leonard Myers, Negley, Orr, Packard,
Packer, Palmer, Peek, Pendleton^ Petce, Peters,
Piatt, Prindle, Rainey, Ellis H. Roberts, John
Rogers, Eusk, Sargent, Sawyer, Scofield, Sessions,
Shanks, Sheldon, Shellabarger, Shoemaker, Sloss,
John A. Smith, Snapp, Snyder, Stoughton, Stowell,
St. John, Thomas, Washington Townsend, Swfch-
ell, Tyner, Upson, Wakeman, Walden, Waidron,
Wallace, Wheeler, Whiteley, Williams of Indiana,
and John T. Wilson—108. ' !- ! -
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ambler, Archer, Barber,
Barnum, Barry, James B. Beck, Bigby, Biggs, James
U. Blair, Bolos, Brooks, Campbell, Clarke, Coming^,
Creely, Criteher, Dodds, Dox. Forker, Hambleton,
Handley, Ilanks, Herndon, Hooper, King, Kinselfa,
Leach, Lynch, Marshall, MeHenry, MeNeely, Mor-
gan, Morphis. Hosea W. Parker, Isaae C. Packer,
Perry, Poland, Potter, John M. Rice, Sion H.
Rogers, Seetey, Shober, Worthington ' 0. Smith,
Sprague, Starkweather, Sutherland, Sypher, Ta-fie,
Turner, Tuthill, Van Trump, Voorhees, -Warren,
Williams of New York, Jeremiah M.Wilson, and
Winchester—56. ■ .*■
So the House refused to consider the reso-
lution. " . - ; .
During the.rolUeall, . .
Mr. PARKER, of Missouri, said: On this
question I am paired with the gentleman from
Maryland, [Mr. Hameletoj.1.] if hp were her«
he would vote " ay," and I shguld vote " no,"
Mr. PERCE. _ My colleague, Mr,, Bart.y,
who is detained from the House by sickness,
would, if hftre,'vote'a iro."®
The result of the vote .was announced as
aboxe stated. ; • - <
Mr. SARGENT. I-rise to a-priwteged
question, and move the following' resolution,
on which X dejnand the previous question.
Resolved, That the special committee of which
Hon. Luke P. Poland is chairman, be discharged,
from the further consideration of the subject referred'
to them.
The SPEAKER. The question is on sec-
onding the-demand for the pifevioas quqation-
Mr.- EARNS WORTH. Is not the .commit-
tee already discharged from the further con;
sideration.of this matter? - - - . .'•«
The SPEAKER. The Chair again states
that if a resolution discharging the committee
be passed, no other resolution based on there-
port respecting any member of the House -pill
be a privileged question. . ,
. Mr. SARGENT. We. hitye. barely."time t 
attend to the public business I therefore hope
we shall dispose of this matter. -
Mr. FARNSWORTH. If the House, should
pass to the consideration of. filter business
would it not have the same effect?.
The SPEAltER. The* question might be
brought up whenever auy .gentleman chose to
precipitate upon the House a resolution 011
(his subject. If, however, the pending resolu-
tion be adopted, the Chair will not reccauizd
aav gentleman upon this question. The -^haii'
deMrcs that the effect of the resolution phiU be
distinctly understood.
The previous question was seconded, aiidth*.
main question ordered ; which was upon agree-
in-; fi> the resoluttoirof Mr. Saroext.
