1844
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 27,
Mr. RITCHIE. I call for the yeas and
nays.
The yea3 and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 114, nays 75, not vot-
ing 51; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams. Ames, Averill, Bingham,
Braxton, Buckley, Buffinton, Bunnell. Burdett,
Benjamin F. Butler, Roderick R. Butler, Cobb,
Ojburn, Coghlan, Conger, Conner, Cotton, Crocker,
Ciossland, Dawes, Dickey, Donnan, Duell, Bunnell,
Eames, Eldredge, Elliott,Esty, Farnsworth, Farwell,
Charles Foster, Wilder D. Foster, Frye, Garfield,
Garrett, Goliaday, Hale, Halsey, Harmer, Harper,
George B. Harris. Havens, John B. Hawley, Hays,
Gerry W. Hazelton, John W. Hazelton, Hill, Hoar,
Hooper. Houghton, Kelley, Kellogg, Keteham, Kil-
linger, Lansing, Leach, Lynch, Maynard, McCrary,
McGrew, McHenry, Merriam, Mitchell, Monroe,
Moore, Morey, Leonard Myers, Negley.Orr. Paokard,
Palmer, Isaac C. Parker, Peck. Pendleton, Perce,
Peters, Piatt, Poland, Prindle, Rainey, Ellis H.
Roberts. John Rogers, Rusk, Sargent, Sawyer, Ses-
sions, Shanks," Sheldon, Shellabarger, Sherwood,
Shober, Shoemaker. Sloss. John A. Smith. Snapp,
Snyder, Stoughton, Stowell, St. John, Thomas,
Washington Townsend, Twichell, Tyner, Upson,
Wakeman, W aid en, Waldron, Wells. Wheeler,
Whiteley, Williams of Indiana, Williams of New
York, Jeremiah M. Wilson, and John T. Wil-
son—H4.
NAYS—Messrs. Acker, Ambler, Arthur, Barber,
Beatty, Erasmus W. Beck, Bell. Bird, Austin Blair,
Boarman, Bright, Burchard, Caldwell, Carroll. Cox,
Crebs, Davis, Dox.DuBose, Duke, Ely, Finkelnburg,
Getz. Giddings, Goodrich. Griffith, Haldeman, Han-
cock, Handley, John T. Harris, Joseph R. Hawley,
Hay, Hereford, Herndon, Hibba/d, Holuian, Ken-
dall, Kerr, King, Lamison, Lewis, Maclntyre, Man-
son, McClelland.MeCorniick, McJuukin.McKinney,
Benjamin F. Meyers, William E. Niblack, Porter,
Price, Randall, Read, Edward Y. Rice, John M.
Rice, Ritchie, William R.Roberts, Robinson, Roose-
velt, Slater, Slocum, H. Boardinan Smith, Speer,
Stevens, Stevenson, Storm, Swann, Terry, Dwight
Townsend,Vaughan. Waddell, Whitthorne.Willard,
Wood, and Youug—75,
SOT VOTING—Messrs. Archer, Banks, Barnum,
Barry, James B. Beck, Bigby,Biggs, James G. Blair,
Boles, Brooks, Campbell, Clarke. Comingo, Creely,
Critoher, Darrall, Dodds, Forker, Henry D. Foster,
Hambleton, Hanks, Kinsella, Lamport, Lowe, Mar-
shall, McKee, JtcNeely, Merrick, Morgan, Morphia,
Silas L. Niblick. Paoker, Hosea W. Parker. Perry,
Potter, Sion H. Rogers, Seofield, Seeley, Worthing-
ton C. Smith. Sprague, Starkweather, Sutherland,
Sypher.Saffe, Turner,Tuthill, Van Trump, Voorhees,
Wallace, Warren, and Winchester—51.
So the resolution was adopted.
Mr. SARGENT moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was adopted ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
agricultural colleges.
Mr. PERCE. I ask unanimous consent that
a conference committee be appointed on the
agricultural college bill.
Mr. KILLINGER. I object.
legislative, etc., appropriation bill.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I move that
'the House resolve itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the legislative, &c., appro-
priation bill.
Mr, RANDALL. I hope that motion will
not be pressed. We have been here very late
for several nights in succession.
Mr. MAYNARD. Oh, it is not late.
Mr. RANDALL. It is half past ten o'clock.
The question being taken on the motion of
Mr. Garfield, of Ohio, it was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself in
the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, (Mr. Dawes in the chair,) and re-
sumed the consideration of the Senate amend-
ments to the bill (H. R. No. 2991) making
appropriations for the legislative, executive,
and judicial expenses of the Government for
the year ending June 30, 1874, and for other
purposes.
The CHAIRMAN. The pending question
is on the amendment offered by the gentleman
from Missouri [Mr. Parker] to the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Botler.]
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I ask unani-
mous consent that we pass over informally the
first amendment. The Committee on Appro-
priations desire to have one more session upon
that subject hefore final action is taken by the
Committee of the Whole.
There being no objection, the proposition
of Mr. Garfield, of Ohio, was agreed to.
Mr. UPSON. I desire to have the chair-
man of the committee state the position of the
amendment with regard to salaries.
Mr. COX. If I can get the floor I will move
the committee rise.
Mr. RANDALL. I desire to have that
amendment which I sent to the Clerk's desk
read, so it may go to the committee when they
consider this entire subject. It is short, and
I know the committee will agree to it.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. If gentlemen
have amendments they wish to add to the text
so they may go to the committee, I hope they
will offer them now.
Mr. RANDALL. I ask my amendment be
read.
The Clerk read as follows:
That twenty per cent, be, and is hereby, added to
the present salary of all the employes of the House
of Representatives and of the Senate.
Mr. RANDALL. I wish to give entire
scope to the committee for the consideration
of this subject.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Let that go to
the committee.
The CHAIRMAN. That will be done.
Mr. MAYNARD. I wish to understand
one point. The other evening we adopted an
amendment fixing the'salary of the President
and some other officers. It is not proposed
to go back to that subject, I believe.
The CHAIRMAN. By unanimous consent
that was passed over for the present.
Mr. COX. I move the committee rise. We
are not fit to do business to-day.
The committee refused to rise.
The CHAIRMAN. The Clerk will read
the next amendment.
The Clerk read as follows:
In lines twenty-two and twenty-three, page 2 of
the bill, strike out " 2,592" and insert "3,000;" so it
will read: principal executive clerk, minute and
journal clerk, and financial clerk in the office of the
Secretary of the Sonate at $3,000 each.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. If the commit-
tee will listen to me for a-moment I will make
a statement in reference to these amendments.
All these Senate amendments up to eighteen
after the first, commencing with the second
and ending with the eighteenth, the Committee
on Appropriations recommend non-concur-
rence in. They are each and all amendments
on the part of the Seuate raising the salaries
of their officers, and we propose to non-con-
cur in the entire seventeen amendments. I
hope, by unanimous consent, they will be dis-
posed of by one vote.
The amendments were non-concurred in.
Nineteenth amendment of the Senate :
Strike out "repairs of furniture."
Mr. GARFIELD. The committee recom-
mend concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Twentieth amendment of the Senate:
Insert "including $100 for contingent expenses of
Capitol policc; so it will read:
For fuel and oil for the heating-apparatus, 09,000;
for furniture and repairs of furniture, $10,000; for
labor, $15,000; for folding documents and materials
therefor, #8,000; for packing-boxes, $740; for mis-
cellaneous items, exclusive of labor, including $100
for contingent expenses of Capitol police, $10,000.
Mr. SARGENT. The committee recom-
mend concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Twenty-first amendment of the Senate:
Strike out the following proviso:
Provided, That hereafter no disabled soldier on
said force shall be discharged except forcause.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The committee
recommend non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Twenty-second amendment of the Senate:
Insert "the same to be available from and after
the 3d day of March, 1873," so it will read:
House of Representatives:
For compensation and mileage of members of the
House of Representatives and Delegates from Terri-
tories, $1,050,000, the same to be available from and
after the 1st day of March, 1873.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The committee
recommend concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Twenty-third amendment of the Senate.
Strike out "3,600" and insert " 3000so it will
read: " Chief Clerk $3,000."
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The committee
recommend non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Twenty-fourth amendment of the Senate :
Strikeout " two reading clerks, assistant Journal
clerk, and talley clerk, $3,000; two."
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The committee
recommend non-concurrence in that amend-
ment.
Mr. HOLMAN. I shall demand a division
on that amendment.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Let me make
a statement. The twenty-fourth, twenty-fifth,
twenty-sixth, twenty seventh, twenty-eighth,
and twenty-ninth amendments all relate to of-
ficersof the House. The Senate have stricken
out what we put in in regard to the salaries of
our officers. We wish to non-concur, so as to
throw the whole subject into the conference,
in view of the amendment we have already
put on.
Mr. RANDALL. I wish to call the atten-
tion of the gentleman to the fact that in line
one hundred and seventy-six six firemen are
provided for at $1,095 each per annum, and
in line three hundred and twenty-three the
furnace-keeper in charge of the heating appara-
tus under the old Hall of the House of Rep-
resentatives is allowed only $864. These offi-
cers have precisely the same duties, and I wish
to amend so their salaries may be equalized.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The trouble is,
the text is not changed in either House.
Mr. RANDALL. This is a mistake, and I
ask it may be corrected.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I should be
glad to have the salaries equalized, but we
cannot reach it now because both Houses have
agreed to the text.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to strike out the
last word. Mr. Chairman, this increase of
salaries commenced in the House m this very
paragraph in reference to the reading and
tally clerks. It indicates what is the result
of such a beginning. Before, these salaries
were fair salaries and ought not to have been
increased. They are salaries such as were
paid during the war, when the cost of living
was higher than what it is now. It is entirely
sufficient for these positions. This increase
of salary began here now, and it has gone on
until we have piled up, according to the state-
ment of the chairman of the Committee on
Appropriations, millions of increase of salaries
of officers of this Government since that first
step was taken.
I think, sir, it is time we retraced oursteps-
You cannot begin to increase these salaries
without raising up your whole fabric. A little
salary apparently unimportant is increased by
five hundred or a thousand dollars, and that
increase forms a fulcum on which the whole
fabric is raised ; and the spirit of venality in
public affairs is stimulated to a most danger-
ous extent. I insist that there is no proposi-
tion sounder than that. When you begin to
increase your salaries beyond the average sal-
aries paid in the country, you certainly stimu-
late a spirit of dangerous cupidity in public
affairs. I insist that we retrace our steps, and
that we go back where we began, before under-
taking to increase these salaries.
On this basis, apparently unimportant, we
have built up an increase of our own salaries,
and of the salaries of the Executive and judi-
ciary, running up to millions. I insisted at
the outset of this movement that there should
be no beginning made i.n this direction, be-
cause the condition of the country did not
