886
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 27,
and referred to the Committee on Revolutionary
Pensions and War of 1812.
tax on leaf tobacco.
Mr. ROGERS, of North Carolina, also in-
troduced a bill (H. R. No. 3661) to repeal the
law imposing a special tax upon retail dealers
in leaf tobacco, and for other purposes ; which
was read a first and second time, ordered to
be printed, and referred to the Committee of
Ways and Means.
rank and pay of retired officers.
Mr. BUCKLEY introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 3662) to adjust the rank and pay of officers
on the retired list of the Army; which was
read a first and second time, ordered to be
printed, and referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
martha a. booth.
Mr. McKEE introduced a bill (H. R. No.
3663) for the relief of Mrs. Martha A. Booth,
of Canton, Mississippi; which was read a first
and second time, ordered to be printed, and
referred to the Committee of Claims.
nathaniel m'lcay.
Mr. MOREY introduced a bill (H. R. No.
3664) for the relief of Nathaniel McKay; which
was read a first and second time, ordered
to be printed, and referred to the Committee
on Naval Affairs.
artificial eyes for soldiers.
Mr. MOREY also introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 3665) to authorize the Secretary of War
to provide officers and soldiers who have lost
one or both eyes with artificial eyes; which
was read a first and second time, ordered to
be printed, and referred to the Committee on
Invalid Pensions.
james ii. barnes.
Mr. BINGHAM introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 3666) to remove the charge of desertion
in the War Department against James H.
Barnes, late private company I, twentieth
Ohio volunteers; which was read a first and
second time, ordered to be printed, and re-
ferred with the accompanying papers to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
ueorge o. washington.
Mr. SMITH, of Ohio, introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 3667) granting a pension to George
C. Washington, of Ohio; which was read a
first and second time, ordered to be printed,
and referred to the Committee on Invalid
Pensions.
epiiraim s. cline.
Mr. SMITH, of Ohio, also introduced a bill
(II. R. No. 3668) granting a pension to Ephraim
S. Cline, of Ohio; which was read a first and
second time, ordered to be printed, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
tax on cotton exported.
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky, introduced a bill
(H. R. No. 3669) to refund certain taxes col-
lected by the Government of the United States
on raw cotton exported ; which was read a
first and second time, ordered to be printed,
and referred to the Committee of Ways and
Means.
tax on leaf tobacco.
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky, also introduced a
bill (H. R. No. 3670) to so amend an act en-
titled ' 'An act to reduce duties on imports and
to reduce internal taxes, and for other pur-
poses," approved June 6, 1872, as to allow
producers of tobacco to sell a limited quantity
of tobacco produced by them and retailed
directly to consumers ; which was read a first
and second time, ordered to be printed, and re-
ferred to the Committee of Ways and Means.
widow of humphrey marshall.
Mr. WINCHESTER introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 3671) for the relief of the widow of
Humphrey Marshall; which was read a first
and second time, ordered to be printed, and
referred to the Committee of Claims.
john aldredge.
Mr. VAUGHAN introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 3672) for the relief of John Aldredge, of
Tennessee ; which was read a first and second
time, ordered to be printed, and referred to
the Committee of Claims.
egbert thompson.
Mr. PACKARD introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 3673) for the relief of Egbert Thompson ;
which was read a first and second time, ordered
to be printed, and referred to the Committee
on Naval Affairs.
washington monument.
Mr. VOORHEES introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 3674) for the completion of a national
monument to the memory of George Wash-
ington; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
amendment of postal laws.
Mr. FARNSWORTH introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 3675) to amend the postal laws; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads, and ordered to be printed.
paul c. abney.
Mr. CREBS introduced a bill (H. R. No.
3676) granting an honorable discharge to Paul
C. Abney, late private in company —, thir-
teenth Illinois cavalry; which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
michael l. crane.
Mr. HAWLEY, of Illinois, introduced a
bill (H. R. No. 3677) for the relief of Michael
L. Crane; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, and ordered to be
printed.
relief from the charge of mutiny.
Mr. HAWLEY, of Illinois, also introduced
a bill (H. R. No. 3678) to relieve certain per-
sons therein named, late members of com-
pany K, fifty-eighth regiment Illinois volun-
teers, from the charge of mutiny; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs, and ordered to
be printed.
missouri state university.
Mr. KING introduced a bill (H. R. No.
3679) for the relief of the University of the
State of Missouri; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee of
Claims, and ordered to be printed.
wildman mills.
Mr. CONGER introduced abill (H. R. No.
3680) for the relief of Wildman Mills, of
Michigan ; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee of Claims,
and ordered to be printed.
r. s. caslor,
Mr. CONGER also introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 3681) for the relief of R. S. Caslor,
of Port Huron, Michigan; which was read a
first and second time, referred to the Com
mittee of Claims, and ordered to be printed.
m. walker.
Mr. CONGER also introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 3682) for the relief of M. Walker, of
Port Huron, Michigan; which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee of
Claims, and ordered to be printed.
james c. livingstone.
Mr. ORR introduced a bill (H. R. No. 3683)
for the relief of James C. Livingstone, late a
private in company E, third regiment Iowa
infantry; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
bridge across the mississippi.
Mr. RUSK introduced abill (H. R. No. 3684)
to authorize the construction, maintenance, and
operation of a bridge across the Mississippi
river at La Crosse, Wisconsin, at the location
fixed by the Secretary of War; which was read
a first and second time, referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
william wood.
Mr. ELDREDGE introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 3685) for the relief of William Wood, late
a private thirty-sixth regiment .Wisconsin vol-
unteers ; which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
charles w. berry.
Mr. ELDREDGE introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 3686) for the relief of Charles W. Berry,
late a private thirty-sixth regiment Wisconsin
volunteers; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
additional bounty.
Mr. ELDREDGE also introduced a bill
(H. R. No. 3687) to extend the time for filing
claims for additional bounty under the act
of July 28, 1866; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
duties on imports.
Mr. SARGENT introduced a joint resolu-
tion (H. R. No. 185) declaratory of the
meaning of an act entitled "An act to reduce
duties on imports and to reduce internal taxes,
and for other purposes," approved June 6,
1872 ; which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary,
and ordered to be printed.
stenographers for united states courts.
Mr. SARGENT also introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 3688) to provide stenographers for
the courts of the United States; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary, and ordered to
be printed.
shipping commissioners.
Mr. SARGENT also introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 3689) to amend an act entitled "An
act to authorize the appointment of shipping
commissioners by the several circuit courts of
the United States to superintend the shipping
and discharge of seamen engaged in merchant
ships belonging to the United States, and for
the further protection of seamen," approved
June 7, 1872; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on Commerce,
and ordered to be printed.
equalization of bounties.
Mr. DUNNELL introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 3690) for the equalization of bounties to
soldiers who served in the war for the sup-
pression of the rebellion; which was read a
first and second time, referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, and ordered to be
printed.
land and emigration company.
Mr. DUNNELL also introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 3691) to incorporate the European and
American Land and Emigration Company;
which was read a first and second time, re-
ferred to the Committee on the Public Lands,
and ordered to be printed.
grande round and walla-wall a railroad.
Mr. SLATER introduced a bill (H. R. No.
3692) granting the right of way through the
public lands to the Grande Round and Walla-
Walla Railroad Company; which was read a
first and second time, referred to the Committee
on the Public Lands, and ordered to be printed.
boundaries of oregon.
Mr. SLATER also introduced a bill (H. R,
No. 3693) conforming the boundaries of the
