1848
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 27,
north of the Raccoon fork of the Des Moines
river.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I hope that will not be
done. As I stated yesterday, and repeat now
— but I do not wish to take up the time of the
Senate in going over it every morning—that
bill opens the question of a great land grant
which has been made to the State of Iowa, and
opens the question whether, she having taken
the lands, we are to take any step to make
good to any of her citizens who may have been
on those lands what they may have lost by the
State of Iowa taking them away from those
citizens. That is the question. I am not
arguing it but only stating what it is, and I do
not think that at this stage of the session and
against unobjected cases there is any such
pressure about this matter as to require us to
take it up.
Mr. CARPENTER. Is it not in order to
make a motion to proceed to take up a bill ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Iowa has made a motion of that kind,
and it cannot be amended. It is an independ-
ent motion, and must be adopted or rejected
by itself.
Mr. WRIGHT. I have nothing to say in
reference to this matter, except just this : I
want to have the Senate determine, as against
what the Senator from Vermont has stated,
whether this Government intends to prove false
to what it has said to its citizens. I want that
question decided by the Senate.
Mr. LOGAN. I think this is a very import-
ant matter; it will not take long, and it ought
to be disposed of.
Mr. CONKLING. This is a bill that I
should know nothing of if the Senator from
Iowa and some other Senators had not re-
quested me to look at it. I think I do know
enough about it now to know that it is a bill
which ought to be considered, and the Sena-
tor from Iowa having been excluded from the
Senate virtually by the order of the Senate
charging him with duties which have kept him
out much of the time, I feel inclined to vote
with him and to say any word that will aid
him in getting that consideration which, had
he been able to be here constantly like the
rest of us, he might have had. I hope his
motion will prevail.
Mr. CASSERLY. More than a year ago,
I had occasion, as a member of the Committee
on Public Lands, to look into this question.
I examined it quite thoroughly, more so than
the time usually permits a member of that
committee, in view of its large business. It is
a case that appealed not only to my sympathies,
but in the strongest manner to my sense of
justice. Whatever injury these people sus-
tained, they themselves were guiltless of wrong
or offense. Their injuries were the fruit of
contradictory decisions and action here in
Washington on the part of various Departments
of the Government, and if, to-day, they are
here as suitors for the justice of Government,
it is because they relied, it seems vainly, upon
the patent of the United States for their hold
on the greater part of these lands. While I
am desirous of going on with the Calendar,
there is no bill on the Calendar that appeals
more strongly for a bearing, even at this
moment of pressure, to the Senate, than the
bill in regard to the settlers on the Des Moines
grant.
Mr. CARPENTER. Is it in order to
move to lay this motion on the table ? I
desire, if such a motion is in order, to make
it, for the purpose of proceeding to the con-
sideration of the Louisiana bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If the bill were
up, that motion would be in order ; but this is
a motion to postpone the consideration of the
Calendar. It is not a motion that can by par-
liamentary law be laid on the table.
Mr. CARPENTER. It is to postpone the
consideration of the Calendar. I am in favor
of that apart from other motions. We uan
have the questions put separately, I suppose.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state to the Senator from Wisconsin, as he has
stated before, that a motion to postpone the
consideration of the Calendar, which is now
before the Senate, under the Anthony rule,
until twelve o'clock, cannot be laid on the
table. The Calendar itself can be laid on the
table.
Mr. CARPENTER. I move, then, to lay
the Calendar on the table.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Calendar,
under the Anthony rule, is before the Senate as
a special order.
Mr. CARPENTER. I will state, if the
Senate will indulge me one moment 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
cannot move to lay on the table, and debate.
Mr. CARPENTER. I withdraw the motion,
and desire to be heard for five minutes. I
shall make this a motion to lay the Calendar
on the table, not out of any opposition to the
bill which the Senator from Iowa desires to
take up, but for the reason that, as we all know
and are informed by telegraph this morning
from New Orleans, matters are taking such a
position there and assuming such an attitude
that bloodshed must follow unless Congress
immediately go on with the bill; and I desire
to have the Calendar laid on the table for the
purpose of moving to proceed to the consid-
eration of the bill ordering a new election in
Louisiana. Now, Mr. President, I make the
motion to lay the Calendar on the table.
Mr. WRIGHT. I believe my motion was
to lay aside the Calendar for the purpose of
taking up the bill I named.
The VICE PRESIDENT. To postpone
the consideration of the Calendar; but by the
eleventh rule a motion to lay on the table has
priority of a motion to postpone. The motion
now made by the Senator from Wisconsin is
to' lay the Calendar, under the Anthony rule,
which is a special order of the Senate from
day to day, on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CARPENTER and Mr. WRIGHT ad-
dressed the Chair.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Wisconsin.
Mr. CARPENTER. Now I move that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of the
bill repoited by the Committee on Privileges
and elections in regard to a new election in
the State of Louisiana.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state to Senators that by parliamentary law
the member making a successful motion is
entitled to follow up that motion, if he claims
it with any other member.
Mr. WRIGHT. I trust the Senator from
Wisconsin will allow me to take up this bill to
which I have referred, or to have an arrange-
ment made by which I can have it taken up
and disposed of. If that is done, I will not
object to his motion; but I shall antagonize it
unless an arrangement of that kind is made.
I insist on taking up the bill to which I first
called the attention of the Senate, and I think
it but just that I should have a vote.
Mr. SHERMAN. This is a question now
as to the order of business at a time when we
are very much hurried. Therefore it would
be inexcusable for me to occupy time. I say
that as against the printing bill, as against the
appropriation bills, as against the Iowa bill, as
against .the two per cent, bill, and as against
every bill on the Calendar, in the face of the
proclamation published in the morning papers,
in the face of the message laid on our table
from the President of the United States, in the
face of a probable shedding of human blood by
a controversy now existing between two alleged
State governments in the State of Louisiana, I
will vote to take up and sit by and stand by,
without adjournment or recess till some dispo-
sition of it, the Louisiana case. I do not want
the blood of those people resting on my skirts,
if there is any bloodshed by reason of our
neglect to act on this question.
Mr. WRIGHT. I am sure the Senate ought
to grant me the request I have made. If I
can have an understanding with the Senate, if
they will say to me that I shall have my bill
up, if I can have such an arrangement that I
can depend upon, I am willing to yield; but I
certainly shall not yield unless I have such an
arrangement.
Mr. MORTON. I will say to the honorable
Senator from Iowa that I will do what I can
to aid him in getting up his bill; but in my
judgment this Senate ought not to lose an hour
in the consideration of Louisiana matters.
They are approaching a crisis down there
which demands immediate attention.
Mr. WRIGHT. If it is the understanding
of the Senate that I am to have the privilege
of getting this bill up at some time, I will
yield ; but I will not under other circum-
stances. I hear no objection, and if that is
the understanding of the Senate, that I shall
have action on the bill 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Iowa desires some understanding on the
part of the Senate that the bill mentioned by
him shall be considered; but that is rather
indefinite. Is there objection to that unani-
mous understanding?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I certainly am not dis-
posed to prevent my friend's taking up a bill
that he feels so much personal interest in,
except on account of the pressing nature of
matters of great public importance; and it
may be that this very Louisiana matter with
the appropriation bills will take all the time.
If it does, then we ought not to take up his
bill; but I shall not stand in the way, under
the circumstances that have been stated, of his
taking up the bill if there is any opportunity
to do it after these matters of such great im-
portance are disposed of. I am not desirous
of making any factious opposition to the bill;
I am quite willing that he shall be heard upon
it, and I wish to be heard upon it myself.
Mr. WRIGHT. I am very certain it will
not take a longer time to dispose of this bill
than we have taken this morning in this dis-
cussion. With that understanding I am will-
ing to let the matter pass, and let the ques-
tion be put on the motion of the Senator from
Wisconsin.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair can-
not state that as a positive and definite under-
standing, because no time is fixed.
Mr. WRIGHT. Then I give notice that I
shall to-morrow or to-morrow evening move to
take up this bill; and 1 ask to be permitted to
do so.
Mr. CAMERON. I shall object to any
arrangement. I have several bills that I hope
to get up myself.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on the motion of the Senator from Wis-
consin, that the Senate proceed to the consid-
eration of the Louisiana bill.
Mr. WRIGHT. Can a motion be made to
amend that?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is not amend-
able. That has been the uniform ruling.
Mr. WRIGHT. Then I antagonize that
measure with the bill to which I have referred.
Mr. HILL. I wish to remark to the Senate
that I feel it to be my duty, as long as I can,
to resist any motion to take up any other
matter than the one that is suggested by the
Senator from Wisconsin. It is of such su-
preme importance that everything else should
be laid aside, and we should not pause a
moment until we have completed some bill
that will effectually settle the matter.
Mr. CAMERON. I cannot resist the ap-
peals of my friend from Iowa, and I withdraw
my objection to the arrangement proposed by
him.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
being on the motion to take up the Louisiana
bill, the Senator from Pennsylvania with-
draws his objection to the proposition of the
Senator from Iowa, that to-morrow orto-mor-
