1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1851
deliver to the speaker of the hotise of representa-
tives the returns made to him by the supervisors of
registration in their original inclosures, with the
seals unbroken, which returns shall he examined
and counted as required by the constitution of said
State, for Governor and Lieutenant Governor, and
for members of the General Assemly. On the first
Monday after the convening of the General Assem-
bly elected under the provisions of this act the Gov-
ernor aud Lieutenant Governor, together with all
other State officers thus elected, shall enter upon
the discharge of the duties of their respective offices,
and the government thus established shall be rec-
ognized by the Government of the United States as
the legal government of the State of Louisiana:
Provided, That the terms of office of the persons
chosen at said election shall terminate the same as
if they had been elected on the 4th day of Novem-
ber, 1872.
Sec. 14. That any person who shall register and
vote at this election who, at the time of registering
and voting, was not a qualified elector under the
constitution and laws of the State of Louisiana, or
any person who shall vote upon any certificate of
registration not issued to and belonging to him,
or any person who shall register under a false or
assumed name, or any person who shall register or
vote more than once, shall be deemed guilty of a
high crime, and punished by a fine not to exceed
|5,000 or by imprisonment at hard labor for a period
not exceeding one year, or both, in the discretion
of the court.
Sec. 15. That any supervisor of registration who
shall knowingly and willfully issue a certificate
of registration to any person not entitled to the
same, or who shall fradulently enter upon the
registration books any fictitious name ornames, and
issue or cause to be issued, certificates of registration
in such fictitious names, shall be deemed guilty of a
high crime, and punished by a fine not to exceed
$1,000 or by imprisonment at hard labor for a period
not exceeding two years, or both, in the discretion
of the court.
Sec. 16. That any commissioner of election who
shall refuse to receive the ballot of any person duly
registered and producing a certificate of registration
entitling him to vote at that precinct, or who shall
knowingly permit any, person to vote not qualified
by law, or who shall permit any ballots other than
those really cast by persons legality entitled to vote
to be put into the ballot-box, or who shall make
any fraudulent or false count or return, or who shall
fail faithfully to comply with the provisions of this
act, shall be deemed guilty of a high crime, and
punished by a fine not exceeding $1,000, or by impris-
onment at hard labor for a period not exceeding two
years, or both, in the discretion of the court.
Sec. 17. That any supervisor of registration who
shall make any false count, compilation, or return
of any vote or votes cast at this election, or shall
change or mutilate any returns made to him by the
commissioners of election, or shall permit any of the
same to be done, or who shall refuse or fail to faith-
fully comply with the provisions of this act, shall be
deemed guilty of a high crime, and punished by a
line not exceeding $2,000, or by imprisonment at
hard labor for a period not exceeding three years,
or both, in the discretion of the court.
Sec. 18. That any person who shall commit any act
of violence or intimidation, or offer any bribe with in-
tent to prevent any person legally qualified from vot-
ing, or to influence any person to vote contrary to his
wishes, or who shall be guilty of any frauds in regis-
tration or in voting or in counting the ballots, or in
making returns, or of any act calculated to influence
any other person to commit any of the aforesaid acts
of violence, intimidation, or fraud, shall be deemed
guilty of a high crime and punished by a fine not ex-
ceeding $2,000, or by imprisonment at hard labor for
a period not exceeding three years, or both, in the
discretion of the court.
Sec. 19. That the circuit court of'the United
States for the district of Louisiana shall have exclu-
sive jurisdictionf of all crimes and offenses made
punishable by this act.
Sec. 20. That the officers to be appointed under the
provisions of this act shall receive compensation as
lollows: the State registrars the sum of ten dollars
per day cach for a period not exceeding seventy-five
days; the supervisors of registration the sum of eight
dollars per day each, and clerks of registration five
dollars per day each for a period not exceeding sixty
days; the commissioners and clerks of election shall
each receive the sum of five dollars for all services
required by this act.
Sec. 21. That the State registrars shall have au-
thority to rent necessary office room in the city of
jNew Orleans, and to defray all incidental expenses
attending the proper discharge of the duties of their
otTiee, and to employ not to exceed two clerks at the
rate of five dollars per day each.
Skc. 22. That it shall be lawful for the President
oi the United States to employ such part of the
land and naval forces of the United States as shall
be nocessary to aid in the execution of judicial
process issued under this act, and on the^applica-
tion ot the Governor of said State or of said judge
of the circuit court to maintain the public peace,
and to sustain the officer? appointed under this act
in the discharge of their duties until a government
shall be established in said Stato under the provis-
ions of this act. „ „
Skc. 23. That the sum of §200,000, or 30 much
thereof as shall be necessary, is hereby appropri-
ated, out of ,my moneys in the Treasury not other-
wise appropriated, to defray the expenses oi the
registration and election provided for m this act,
and the same shall be expended under the direction
of the President of the united States.
Mr. HILL. I now offer by way of amend-
ment a substitute for the bill of the committee,
and I ask that it be printed and read.
The substitute was read, as follows:
Whereas an election was held in the State of Louis-
iana, onthe4thday ofNovember, 1872, for Governor,
Lieutenant Governor, secretary of State, attorney
general, auditor of public accounts, and superin-
tendent of education, and for senators and repre-
sentatives for the General Assembly of said State,
according to the requirements of the constitution
and laws of said State; and whereas by reason of
divers impediments interposed by judicial authority,
and other circumstances beyond the control of a
returning board, the returns of said election have
never been legally counted by persons having au-
thority by law to count the same and declare the
result; in consequence of which failure to make
legal count of said returns, the rival candidates for
the various offices, and for senators and representa-
tives to the General Assembly voted for, assume to
havebeen elected,andinmany instances are attempt-
ing to execute and perform the duties appertaining to
the particular office or seat in the Legislature, (to
which claim isset up,) thus presenting to the people of
said States two organizations, each claiming the
right to administer the government of said State, to
levy taxes, administer justice, and enforce obed-
ience to their pretended authority; and wherea's
the existence of said two pretended governments
endangers the peace of the State and renders uncer-
tain the duty of the citizen; that by reason of the
failure to count said election returns, neither of said
pretended governments is possessed of any lawful
authority to administer the government of said
State, and that said State is without a legal, organ-
ized government; and whereas the said returns of
election arestillin existence, and conclusively show
that the following persons were elected senators in
the General Assembly of said State, to wit: E. Booth,
first district; A. Voorhees, second district; Lewis,
third district; B. F. Jonas, fourth district; T. B.
Stamp, sixth district; T. C. Anderson, tenth dis-
trict; E.L.Weber, twelfth district: that at an elec-
tion held in said State in the year 1870, the follow-
ing persons, namely, A. E. Barber and P. F. Herwig,
first district; H. J. Campbell, second district; J. II.
Ingrahara, third district; E. Butler, fifth district;
S.M.Todd, sixth district; O. F. Hunsaker, seventh
district; II. L. Swords, eighth district; P. Daigle,
tenth district; L.B. Jenks, twelfth district; T. H.
Norlenil, fourteenth district; A. B. Harris, fifteenth
district; W. L. McMillan, seventeenth district; S.
M. Thomas, twentieth district; M. H. Twitchell,
twenty-second district, were elected senators for
the term of four years, a term not yet expired; and
that the said two enumerated classes of senators
united make a number greater than a quorum if
the senate were full; that by said election returns
it appears that the following persons, namely, P.
Landry and C. N. Lewis, of the parish of Ascen-
sion ; J. J. Mellon and James Timony, of the first
ward of the parish of Orleans; J. A. Shakespeare,
J. A. Rice, and J. J. Finney, of the second ward
of the parish of Orleans; E. H. McCaleb and
Charles Montaldo, of the third ward of the parish of
Orleans; T. B. Blanchard, of the fourth wardof the
parish of Orleans; V. t>. King and F. Fuselier, of
the fifth ward of the parish of Orleans; Joseph Gar-
idel, of the sixth ward of the parish of Orleans; L.
S. Rodriguez and JohnBarrow, of the seventh ward
of the parish of Orleans; J. B. Eustis, C. Kimmell,
and J. McConnell, of the tenth ward of the parish
of Orleans; A. J. Dumont, of the fifteenth ward of
the parish of Orleans ; W. S. Cockerham, of the par-
ish of Bienville; Paul Jones, of the parish of Cam-
eron: T. J. Humble, of the parish of Caldwell;
George 0. Benham and C. Sartain, of the parish of
Carroll; David Young and George Washington, of
the parish of Concordia; W. T. Moreland and
Thomas Price, of the parish of Claiborne: John
Gair and James Laws, of the parish of East Felici-
ana ; J. M. Armstead, of the parish of West Felici-
ana; F. W. Norris, of the parish of Franklin; L.
A. Snear, of the parish of Iberia; C. W. Lowell, A.
E. Ilubean, and William Kern, of the parish of Jef-
ferson; T. G. Davidson, of the parish of Livingston;
J. D. Trahan, of the parish of Lafayette; W. P.
Southard and R. D. Hill, of the parish of Ouachita;
11. Mahoney, of the parish of Plaquemines:; E. W.
Dewees. of the parish of Red River; H. F. Yiekers,
of the parish of Richland : J. Fisher Smith, of the
parish of Sabine; Henry D^mas, of the parish of
Saint John the Baptist; V. Rochon and L. A Mart-
well, of the parish of St. Martin; M. Hahn, of the
parish of Saint Charles; J.F. Little, L. D.Prescott.
B.D. Estill ette, andl>. R. Gantt, of the parish of Saint
Landry; J. R. Stewart and J. S. Matthews, of the
parish of Tensas; Theo. Fontelieu, of the parish of
Vermillion; A. C.Bickham, of the parish of Wash-
ington ;   of the parish of Winn; J. R.
Smart, of the parish of Yernon; W. H. Kerkman,
of the parish of'Calcasieu, were elected representa-
tives in the said General Assembly, and constitute
more than a majority of said honse of representa-
tives, and would make a legal quorum if said house
were full: Therefore,y
Be it taacted by thr Senate and Houte of Rr})rescnt~
atives of lht> United States of Amcrica. in Congress
assembled, That the persons hereinbefore named as
senators and representatives entitled to sit in the
Legislature of the State of Louisiana shall, on the
10th day of March, in the year 1873, assemble in the
building known as the Mechanics'Institute, in the
city of New Orleans, in said State, or some other
public building in said city if said Mechanics' Insti-
tute bo unfit to occupy, and on that day, at the hour
of twelve o'clock m., shall proceed to organize
their respective houses by electing the usual officers
required for the same; and, after having completed
the said organization of saia two houses, proceed in
in General Assembly as soon as practicable to count
the returns of the State election held on the 4th? day
of November, 1872; and thereupon the presiding
officer of the General Assembly aforesaid shall make
proclamation of the persons found, upon counting
said election returns, to have been elected Governor,
Lieutenant Governor, secretary of State, attorney
general, auditor of public accounts, and superin-
tendent of education; and such persons so declared
elected to the said several offices shall take the
necessary oaths and enter upon the discharge of the
duties of their respective offices.
Sec. 2. That all vacancies that may exist in the
said tw<> houses of the Legislature after said organ-
ization shall be filled according to the constitution
and laws of said State. Any person or persons who
shall, by the use of force, prevent, or attempt to
prevent, the peaceable assembling of the persons
hereinbefore named as being entitled to seats in said
Legislature, at the time and place named therefor,
shall be guilty of a misdemeanor, and maybe in-
dicted for thesameinthedistrictcourt of the United
States for the district — of Louisiana, and upon
conviction thereof shall be punished by fine or im-
prisonment, or both, at the discretion of the court:
Provided, That such fine shall not exceed $1,000, nor
the imprisonment extend beyond two years.
Mr. CARPENTER. For the purpose of
correcting the phraseology, I move to amend
the bill in section twenty-three, lines five and
six, by striking out the words " the sanfe shall
be expended under the direction of," and in-
serting the words " to enable." andthen adding
at the end of the section the words " to carry
this act into execution,'' so that it will read:
To defray the expenses of the registration and
election provided for in this act, and to enable the
President of the United States to carry this act into
execution.
The VICE PRESIDENT, If there be no
objection, this verbal change will be made, and
it is made.
Mr. CARPENTER. I desire, Mr. -Presi-
dent, to occupy as little time of the Senate as
possible on this bill. The views which are
entertained by myself in common with the
majority of the committee are fully stated in
the report which has been laid upon the table.
The message of the President of the United
States urging the importance of tbis matter is
also upon our table. The telegrams of this
morning leave us no doubt that it is the duty
of Congress to act in the premises at once. I
suppose there will be no objection to the details
of this bill, if such a bill is to be passed. It
has been submitted, I may say, to persons
representing all sides of the controversy in
Louisiana, and, so far as I know, is conceded
by them all to be a proper bill to secure the
end, with the single exception that on the one
side of the question it was desired to have the
registering ofScers appointed by State author-
ity; but that of course could not be conceded,
as it would be at war with the whole theory
upon which the bill is based. With that single
exception the bill and all the details of the
bill, I may say, are, so far as I am informed,
satisfactory, and approved by all the parties
interested. The debate therefore in this
Chamber must proceed upon the broad prin-
ciples involved in the bill itself, and not be
limited or confined to its details. I shall
ask the Senate at a later stage of the proceed-
ings, if I wish to do so, to permit me to be
heard upon those general principles.
Senator McMilien, as he is styled by cour-
tesy, having presented credentials here, has
just handed me telegrams which he has^re-
ceived, directed to himself and Governor War-
moth, from gentlemen who are stated to be
leading representative men in the country
parishes, which I will send to the desk, and
ask to have read, and then I will leave the
subject to the Senate for the present.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
new orleans, /«■&. :*•>, 1873.
To W.L. McMilien and Gov. IL O. Wat Moth :
It is not true that country parishes are rapidly
acknowledging allegiance to Kellogg government.
The people in the country, like the people in the
city, will neveryield obedience to that government.
He can never collect taxes, and his government
could only be maintained by force, and that force
have to be United States soldiers stationed in every
