892
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
January 27,
RAILROADS IN THE TERRITORIES.
Mr. CLAGETT. I move to suspend the
rules and pass a bill granting right of way
to railroad companies in the several Territo-
ries.
The bill was read. It provides that in the
several Territories the right of way across the
public lands, not exceeding two hundred feet
in width and not exceeding twenty acres of
land for each ten miles of road, for the erec-
tion of suitable station buildings, turnouts,
reservoirs, switches, and machine-shops, be
granted to any railroad company incorporated
under the general railroad incorporation law
of the proper Territory. This act is not to
apply within the limits of any Indian or mili-
tary reservation without a special act of Con-
gress. When such railroad shall pass through
a mountain canon, defile, or pass, the right of
way through the same is not to be exclusive,
but any other road shall have the right to pass
through the same, but not in such a manner
as to impair the track or operation of the road
first constructed. In case such railroad shall
not be completed within five years after the
formation of the corporation, the rights herein
granted are to be forfeited as to the uncom-
pleted portion of its line. No Territory shall
in any manner give or loan its credit to any
railroad company ; nor shall auy county or
municipality therein do so unless duly author-
ized thereto by an act of the territorial Legis-
lature, nor unless the act shall be ratified by a
two-thirds vote of those voting upon the ques-
tion ; and 110 person except a qualified elector,
resident in the county or municipality affected
thereby, and who has paid taxes on real or
personal property to such county or municipal-
ity on the last property assessment preceding
the election, shall be authorized to vote on the
question. The Legislature of the proper Ter-
ritory is authorized to provide in its general
railroad incorporation law for the manner in
which private lands and possessory claims on
the public lands ol the United Slates may be
condemned to the extent and for the purpose
hereinbefore mentioned; but no condemna-
tion shall be had without first making, or scour-
ing to be made, a fair compensation therefor.
Ail proceedings for such condemnation shall
be had in the district court of the district
embracing the land.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to the
passage of the bill ?
Mr. NEGLEY. I object.
Mr. OLAGEIT. Then I insist on my mo-
tion to suspend the rules. Before the bill is
acted upon 1 desire to occupy not exceeding
two minutes in explaining it. We have at
least fifteen hundred thousand square miles
of land in the Territories without auy navi-
gable waters. We have 110 powerin any shape
or form, looking at the law as it now stands,
to construct a railroad. We have not even
the right of way across the public lands. All
this bill gives is the light, of way not exceeding
twenty acres of land for every ten miles of
road for station buildings, &c. We have not
the right, of way over the public lands, and
being a Territory we have not the power to
condemn lands held by private owners on the
payment of fair compensation. And why?
Simply because the exercise of that power
belongs to the right of eminent domain, and
the courts have repeatedly decided it does not
of necessity belong to any 'Territory and can-
not be exeicised without a special act of Con-
gress.
Now, then, this bill gives the general right
of way. It will dispose of some forty or fifty
bills before Congress. 1 state it here as a fact
that unless some legislation of this kind is
passed as that which is proposed by this bill,
many of these Territories will be abandoned
•within the next few years. This bill is in the
interest of the people of the Territories. It
contains restrictions as well as powers, and
unless such a bill as this is passed you will
turn over all of the Territories bound hand
and foot to these three great central lines of
railway, the Northern, the Central, and the
Southern Pacific Bailroad Companies, - for
without this bill no other company can build a
railroad in this immense section.
The rules were suspended, (two thirds voting
in favor thereof,) and the bill (H. R. No.
3709) was passed.
LIFE-SAVING STATIONS.
Mr. LYNCH. I wish to put upon its pas-
sage a bill to provide for the establishment of
life-saving stations on the coast of Maine, New
Hampshire, Massachusetts, Virginia, and North
Carolina.
_ The bill, which was read, authorizes and
directs the Secretary of the Treasury to provide
for the establishment of ten life-saving stations
on the coast of Maine, New Hampshire, Massa-
chusetts, Virginia, and North Carolina, as may
be necessary for the saving of life and prop-
erty on said coast. The second section author-
izes and directs the Secretary of the Treasury
to report to this House, at the next session of
Congress, the points upon the sea and lake
coasts of the United States at which the estab-
lishment of life-saving stations can best sub-
serve the interestsof commerceand humanity,
with a detailed statement of the cost of such
stations.
Mr. LYNCH. Mr. Speaker, I desire to say
this bill has had the consideration of the Com-
mittee 011 Commerce of this House, which has
unanimously instructed me to report it and ask
that it be passed. I presume there will be no
objection.
There was no objection ; and the bill (H.
R. No. 3710) was received and read afirst and
second time.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. LYNCH moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
FRANKING PRIVILEGE.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Mr. Speaker, I ask
unanimous consent to take from the Speaker's
table the amendments of the Senate to a bill
(H. R. No. 2982) to abolish the franking priv
ilege, and to provide for the -transmission of
official documents and other public matter.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will read the
Senate amendments.
The Clerk read as follows:
Page 1, line two, strike out" September" and in-
sert "July."
Paget, line three, strike out "seventy-two" and
intort 'seventy-throe."
Page 1. add at the end of line seven :
Provided, That no compensation or allowance
shall now or hereafter be made to Senators, ormem-
bers and Delegates of the House of Representatives,
on account of postage.
Strike out section two, as follows:
Sec. 2. That there shall be prepared and issued by
the Post Offloe Department to the President of the
United States, to each head of Department, and to
the Socrotary of the Senate and the Clerk of the
liouse of Representatives, proper stamps which
shall print or impress the name of thy Department
or ollicer using the same, respectively, and the na-
ture of the matter to besent thereunder, as " 'Depart-
ment of the Interior, Mechanical Report," "Execu-
tive Office, President's Message," and tho like, and
the date or other proper device, as the Postmaster
General may direct, which stamps shall be used by
the Department or officer to whom the same may be
issued, respectively, only for the purpose of stamp-
ing all books, documents, and other official mat-
ter issued from such Department or office, respect-
ively, including in the use of the same, by the Secre-
tary of the Senate and Clerk of the House of Repre-
sentatives, all reports and other documents printed
byorderottheirrespective Houses. Andsuchstamps
shall be used for no other purposes than as aforesaid,
and all matter so stamped shall thereupon pass
through the mails without requiring further stamp
or charge, and the postage upon all books, docu-
ments, and other public matter so stamped shall be
charged by the Post Office Department to the Depart-
ment or office issuing the same, respectively, and the
amount so charged shall be defrayed by such De-
partments and officers out of appropriations to be
made therefor by Congress as part of the incidental
expenses of the Government.
Strike out the third section, as follows:
Sec. 3. That any person who shall forge or coun-
terfeit any such official postage stamp or stamping-
machine, or who shall counterfeit any die or plate
therefor, or who shall make or print, or knowingly
use or sell, or have in his possession with intent to
use or sell any such false, forged, or counterfeit die-
plate, stamp, or stamping-machine, or any paper-
wrapper or envelope stamped by any false, forged,
or counterfeit die-plate, postage stamp, or stamp-
ing-machine, or who shall authorize or procure to
be made any such official die-plate, stamp, or stamp-
ing-machine, without the special direction of the
Post Office Department, or who, after the same have
been prepared, shall, with intent to defraud the
revenue of the Post Office Department, deliver any
such official dies, plates, stamps, or stamping-
machines to any person or persons other tha.n such
as shall be authorized to receive the same, by instru-
ment of writing duly executed under the hand of
the Postmaster General and the seal of the Post
Office Department, shall, on conviction thereof, be
deemed guilty of felony, and be punished by a fine
not exceeding. $500, or by imprisonment not exceed-
ing five years, or by both such fine and imprison-
ment.
Amend the title so as to read: "An act to abolish
the franking privilege."
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will now read
the bill as it will stand if the amendments of
the Senate are concurred in.
The Clerk read as follows:
Be it enacted, &e., That the franking privilege be,
and the same is hereby, abolished, from and after
the 1st day of July, A. D. 1873, an^that thenceforth
all official correspondence of whatever nature, and
other mailable matter sent from or addressed to any
officer of the Government or person now authorized
to frank such matter, shall be chargeable with the
same rates of postage as may be lawfully imposed
upon like matter sent by or addressed to other per-
sons : Fronded, That no compensation or allowance
shall now or hereafter be made to Senators, or mem-
bers and Delegates of the House of Representatives,
on aceount of postage.
The SPEAKER. If the amendments of
the Senate are concurred in, it will leave the
bill as the Clerk has read it.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. If I can be allowed
four or five minutes, I should like to explain
to the House, precisely, the effect of the Sen-
ate amendments.
Mr. CONGER. I desire to offer an amend-
ment.
The SPEAKER. An amendment is not in
order pending the motion to suspend the rules.
Mr. CONGER. I ask to have it read.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman's amend-
ment may be read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Add the following proviso:
Provided, That postage shall not be charged on
newspapers sent by mail within the county where
they are published, nor upon petitions sent to Con-
gress by auy petitioners.
Mr. FARNS WORTH. If I may be allowed
a minute or two for explanation, I will state,
in the first place, that this bill does not affect
newspapers at all. The postage on newspapers
is left as before.
Mr. CONGER. Then I am willing to modify
my amendment by leaving out the portion
referring to newspapers, so as simply to pro-
vide that the petitions of the people to Con-
gress shall go free through the mails.
Mr. SARGENT. Would it not be better
to send the whole thing to a committee of
conference ?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The bill asamended
by the Senate abolishes the franking privilege
pure and simple. We passed such a bill once
and the Senate did not act upon it. Last
summer, shortly after the Philadelphia conven-
tion 1 reported this bill from the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads. It passed
the House and went to the Senate, the day on
which it was to go into effect being the 1st
of December. The Senate have altered thai,
to the 1st of July next. The Senate have
cut off the provisions of the bill which were
then in it, providing for the stamping of official
documents, and have sent us back the bill
abolishing the franking privilege, and contain-
ing nothing else.
l propose now to ask the House to take the
Senate at their word, adopt the amendment
and pass the bill in accordance with the plat-
forms of all political parties, and with what
