1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1858
I have another dispatch here sent on the
20th of February to the Attorney General of
the United States from Governor Kellogg:
"Governor Warmoth has telegraphed McEnery
as follows:
*' 'If you are a government, do something to show
it now. Action, action, action 1'"
Mr. President, the President of the United
States has indicated to Congress what he shall
do in case no action is taken on this subject
by Congress; that he will stand by the State
government that has been recognized in vari-
ous forms by the highest judicial tribunals of
the State; that he will stand by the govern-
ment that is in actual existence in the State,
that is exercising authority in every part of it
without obstruction thus far.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senate will allow
me, lam authorized by Governor Warmoth to
say that both the dispatches he has read,
stating that such dispatches came from Gov-
ernor Warmoth, are utterly false.
Mr. MORTON. I have nothing to say upon
that question. I have read the dispatches as
they have been sent here. But there is one
fact we cannot overlook: that since the
reports were made from the Committee on
Privileges and Elections an attempt has been
made to create disturbance, resistance to the
laws, and civil war in Louisiana, and that
yesterday this attempt was made not only by
that Legislature but by that pretended Gov-
ernor. I do not believe they will be able to
succeed. I do not believe that this pretended
government is sustained to-day by any con-
siderable number of people in Louisiana; not
by one in ten of those who gave their votes on
that side in the November election. It is a
desperate attempt now upon the part of a
small faction to seize the State government of
Louisiana.
Now, sir, what is it necessary for Congress
to do ? Not to pass the bill introduced by the
majority of the committee, to overturn the
State government, to overturn an existing
government, and an efficient government, rec-
ognized by the highest tribunals of the State,
for I believe that would be disastrous, disas-
trous in generations yet to come, in setting a
fatal precedent that might in its consequences
absorb and destroy all the State governments.
It is not necessary to recognize this faction
that is trying to force itself into power, that is
trying to promote bloodshed and strife. If we
do anything we ought to recognize that State
government that has been recognized by the
courts, and give to it the moral support of
Congress. But if we do nothing, the Presi-
dent has told us that he will go on, as he has
done already ; he will recognize the Kellogg
government and will sustain it. If Congress
shall adjourn without action, or what will be
better, if Congress shall intimate its acknowl-
edgment of the existing government down
there, these men will be powerless from that
very hour. They are now hoping to stir up
strife, that that strife may operate in the Capi-
tol at Washington, and have its effect upon our
action here; but if we shall recognize the ex-
isting government, or if we adjourn without
doing anything on that point, they are power-
less, and the Kellogg government will go on
smoothly for the coming three years, until
another election in that State shall settle these
questions.
I have already said in my report that it is
better that the people of Louisiana should bear
the ills they have than invoke the power of
this Government, and thus set an example
under which State governments would exist
only by sufferance hereafter. I believe that
when they shall have lost all hope of our inter-
ference, the Kellogg government will get along
a3 smoothly and as quietly as any other. While
many people down there would prefer the Mc-
Enery government, or would prefer some-
body else as Governor to Mr. Kellogg, un-
doubtedly the great majority are not disposed
to risk what they have and sacrifice the mate-
rial interests of the State for the purpose of
putting that small faction in power. They
very much prefer to go on as they are now
going on, and they will do it, provided the
small body of factionists shall let them alone.
That is all we need to do. I should say we
had better give our moral support by the recog-
nition of the existing government; but if we
do not, and they lose all hope of interference
on the part of Congress, I believe things will
go on well in Louisiana.
Mr. THURMAN. Will the Senator allow
me to ask him a question if it does not inter-
rupt him ?
Mr. MORTON. Yes, sir.
Mr. THURMAN. Am I right in supposing
that the returns of the election that were
made—I am not speaking now about any can-
vass, but the returns that were made—show
that McEnery had a majority ?
Mr. MORTON. The returns have never
been canvassed by any officer or any official
person. Two persons came before the com-
mittee who said they had gone through them,
but they had no more right to go through them
than these pages had.
Mr. THURMAN. I am not speaking about
whether anybody had any right to do it; but
what is the actual fact ?
Mr. MORTON. I was going to state that
they said that the returns elected Mr. McEnery
by some five or six thousand.
Mr. THURMAN. If that be the case, that
those returns showed a majority for McEnery,
what does the Senator mean by calling his
supporters " a small faction?"
Mr. MORTON. I call his supporters now
who are trying to force him into power a small
faction. The great body of the men who
voted for him are not now supporting him,
and are not now giving countenance to these
men, but are standing by looking on. I be-
lieve a large and overwhelming majority of
the people in Louisiana to-day desire that the
Kellogg government shall be sustained, that
they may have a government, and that things
may go on smoothly; and that number not
only includes those who voted for Mr. Kel-
logg and his ticket, who were undoubtedly a
large majority of the State upon a fair ex-
pression, but it includes a vast body of those
who voted for Mr. McEnery and the other
ticket.
Mr. HILL. I dislike to interrupt my friend,
but I cannot resist asking him the question as
to what source of information he has that
brings his mind to the conclusion of the gen-
eral acquiescence of the supporters of the
McEnery ticket in the existing or Kellogg
government? I confess I have none which
brings my mind to a conclusion one way or
the other.
Mr. SCHURZ. I did not hear what the
Senator from Georgia said; but I suppose it
was the same point on which I rose. The
Senator from Indiana has been assuring us
time and again that the McEnery government
was supported only by a very small faction,
and inasmuch as he seems to be very well
iuformed about the condition of things in
Louisiana, I should like to know what definite
information he has upon that subject. If he
has any definite information, he has not laid
any such definite information before the Senate.
I will ask him if the large majority of the
people of Louisiana are standing by ihe Kel-
logg government, whether they are actually
paying taxes to that government or not?
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, the evidence
that a large majority or that the people gen-
erally are acquiescing in the Kellogg govern-
ment is in the fact that they are actually sub-
mitting, that there is absolute peace all over
the State, and that up to this time no resistance
has been offered to that government, either
to its general officers or to its subordinate
officers in the various parts of the State. •
Mr. SCHURZ. If I do not annoy the Sen-
ator 
Mr. MORTON. I have not had time to
answer the three or four questions that my
friend asked me a minute ago.
Mr. SCHURZ. I wish to repeat one ques-
tion I put. It is not only passive submission
that would be an indication of support, but I
think active submission would go a great deal
further to show that they are really inclined
to stand by the Kellogg government, and in
no way could that active submission and ac-
quiescence show itself better than by the pay-
ment of taxes; and it was for that reason that
I put to the Senator from Indiana the ques-
tion whether the people of Louisiana were
paying taxes to the Kellogg government; at
the same time reminding him, and I have
some recollection, that Mr. Packard, the
United States marshal, testified 
Mr. MORTON. I yielded to a question.
My friend will have the floor after a while.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Indiana declines to yield.
Mr. MORTON. I did not give way to a
speech to be interjected into mine.
Mr. SCHURZ. I wish simply to refer to
a piece of testimony.
Mr. MORTON. I yielded for a question,
Mr. SCHURZ. I was going to ask whether
the Senator remembers that Mr. Packard tes-
tified before the committee that if the people
of Louisiana would pay taxes at all they would
rather pay them to the McEnery government
than to the Kellogg government. Now
Packard, being the United States marshal,
certainly cannot be supposed to be on the
McEnery side.
Mr. MORTON. If I had time to read all
that Mr. Packard said, the Senator would
not have occasion to say one word about Mr.
Packard's testimony, and I may have occa-
sion hereafter to advert to it. As to the pay-
ment of taxes in Louisiana, this is not the
general time for the collection of taxes; but
it does not take very much doubt upon the
subject of the authority to collect taxes or
very much encouragement to induce people
not to pay taxes. You have seen that Mr.
McEnery has issued a proclamation in which
he calls upon all his friends in the State not
to pay taxes. The question of the enforce-
ment of the collection of taxes has not yet
been decided in Louisiana. I believe this is
not the precise season for their collection, if
I understand it correctly. If this Congress shall
refuse to give to this McEnery government any
encouragement, if we shall refuse to set aside
the Kellogg government, if we shall allow it
to stand, that government will go on and col-
lect the taxes without any sort of trouble.
These gentlemen are now encouraging the
people not to pay taxes, and then turn around
and take advantage of their own wrong.
While a large part of ths people of Louis-
iana do not sympathize with Mr. Kellogg and
did not sustain him, yet the great body of them
now desire to acquiesce in the existing gov-
ernment and will do so if they are let alone.
They recognize the authority of their judicial
tribunals; they recognize the authority of the
supreme court of Louisiana, and agree that it
is above reproach, and they do not desire re-
bellion and anarchy in the State merely for the
sake of rebellion and anarchy. When they
understand that the Kellogg government is
to be recognized and continued they will
quietly submit until the time shall come for
trying conclusions at another election.
When the Senator from Ohio asks me what
I mean by saying that the McEnery govern-
ment is only supported by a small faction, I
say that I understand that now it is only sup-
ported by a small faction; and when the Sen-
ator asks me about the returns and who was
elected, I answer, there is the notorious fact
that that election was an organized fraud. With
an acknowedged Republican majority in Louis-
iana, the colored people themselves being a
majority of all the people of the State and
going as one man and with a large addition
