1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
the House has professed its willingness to do
so many times. Hereafter Congress may
make such provision by supplementary legis-
lation as it may deem best for the transmission
of official documents. But for the present I
desire to have a vote agreeing to the Senate
amendments and adopting the bill in the form
in which they have returned it to us.
As I have already stated to the gentleman
from Michigan, [Mr. Conger,] this bill does
not affect the postage on newspapers at all. I
now ask a vote.
Mr. DONNAN. I ask that the proviso of
the bill as it came to us from the Senate shall
again be read.
The proviso was again read.
Mr. DONNAN. I ask the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Farnsworth] to admit an amend-
ment which will place all the officers of the
Government on the same footing as members
of Congress I send the amendment to the
desk to be read.
The Clerk read as follows :
Amend the proviso by inserting, after the word
"Representatives," these words, "or any other
officer of the Government;" so that it will read:
Provided, That no compensation or allowance
shall now or hereafter be made to Benators, mem-
bers and Delegates of the House of Representatives,
or any officer of the Government on account of
postage.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I am aware that
some gentlemen want to kill this bill by pat-
ting amendments on it. I do not intend that
they shall have the opportunity of doing so.
Mr. DONNAN. I voted with the gentle-
man to pass the bill. But I want to put all
the officers of the Government on an equal
footing.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I call for the yeas
and nays on the motion to suspend the rules.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and there Were—
yeas 144, nays 49, not voting, 47 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Acker, Ambler, Ames,
Barnum, Beatty, Bell, Biggs, Bingham, Bird, Austin
Blair, Braxton, Bright, Buckley. Buflinton. Bunnell,
Burchard, Burdett, Carroll, Cobb, Coburn, Coghlan,
Conger, Cotton, Cox, Crebs. Crossland, Davis, Dawes,
Donnan, Dox, Duell, Duke, Barnes, Ely, Esty,
Farnsworth, Farwell, Finkelnburg, Charles Foster,
Wilder D. Foster, Frye, Garfield, Garrett, Grithth,
Hale, Halsey, Ilambleton, Handley, Harper, John
T. Harris, John B. Hawiey, Joseph R. Hawiey,
flay, Gerfir W. Hazelton, Hereford, Hibbard, Hill,
Kellogg, Kerr, Ketcham, Killinger, Lamison, Lam-
port, Lansing, Lynch, Maolntyre, Manson, Mar-
shall, McClelland, McCormick, McCrary, McGrew.
McHenry, McJunkin.McKee, McKinney, McNeely,
Merriam, Merrick. Benjamin F. Meyers, Mitchell,
Monroe, Moore, Morgan, Morphis, Niblack, Grr,
Packard, Packer, Palmer, Isaac C. Parker, Pendle-
ton, Perry, Peters, Poland,Porter, Ramey, Randall,
Head, Edward Y. Rice, John M. Rioe, Ritchie,
Ellis H. Roberts, William R. Roberts, Robinson,
Sion II. Rogers, Roosevelt, Rusk, Sargent, Sco-
field. Sessions, Shanks, Shellabarger, Shoemaker,
Slater, Slocum, H. Boardman Smith, John A. Smith,
Speer, Sprague, Starkweather, Stevens, Stevenson,
Storm, Stoughton, Taffe, Terry. Tyner, Upson, Van
Trump, Vaughan, Voorhees, Waddell, Wakeman,
Walden.Waldron, Warren, Wells, Wheeler, Willard,
Williams of Indiana, John T. Wilson, and Win-
chester—144.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Arthur, Averill, Barber,
Barry, Erasmus W. Beck, Boarman, Roderick R.
Butler, Caldwell, Comingo, Critcher, DuBose,
Dunncll, Eldredge, Elliott, Henry D. Foster, Getz,
Giddings, Hancock, Hanks, Harmer, George E.
Harris, llays, John W. Hazelton, Herndon, Hoar,
Kelley, Kendall, King, Leach, Lewis, Maynard,
Morey, Leonard Myers, Ptatt, Price, Sawyer, Shel-
don, Shober, Worthington C. Smith, Snapp, Stowell,
St. John, Turner, Tuthill, Wallace,Whiteley.Whit-
thorne, and Wood—49.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Archer, James B. Beck,
Bigby, James G Blair, Bol-es, Brooks, Benjamin F.
Butler, Campbell. Clarke, Conner, Creely, Crocker,
Darrali, Dickey, Dodds, Forker, Goliaday, Goodrich,
Haideman, Havens, Holm an. Hooper, Houghton,
Kinselia, Lowe, Negley, Hosea W. Parker, Peck,
Perce, Potter, Pnndle, John Rogers, beeley, Sher-
wood, Sloss, Snyder, Sutherland, Spann, Sypher,
Thomas, Dwight Townsend, Washington Townsend,
Twichell. Walls, Williams of New York, Jeremiah
M. Wilson, and Young—47.
So (two thirds voting in favor thereof) the
rules were suspended ; and the amendments of
the Senate were concurred in.
Daring the call of the roll,
Mr. HIBBARD stated that his colleague,
Mr. Parker, was absent on leave, and, if
present, would have voted "ay."
The result was then announced, as above
recorded.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Symp-
son, one of its clerks, informed the House
that the Senate had passed bills of the follow-
ing titles; in which the concurrence of the
House was requested :
A bill (S. No. 1378) to require national
banks to restore their capital when impaired,
and to amend the national currency act;
A bill S. No. 1380) granting a pension to
Eliza J. Humphrey, widow of James R. Hum-
phrey ; and
A bill (H. R. No. 1417) authorizing the Sec-
retary of the Treasury to reluod the differen-
tial duty on articles actually on shipboard iu
French vessels destined for the United States
on the 5th November, 1872.
The message also announced that the Senate
had passed, without amendment, bills of the
House of the following titles:
A bill (H. R. No. 2478) granting a pension
to Sarah Baird ;
A bill (H. It. No. 2538) granting a pension
to Mary A. Chute; and
A bill (H. R. No. 2345) for the relief of
Daniel 0. Cleveland, postmaster at Broad-
albin, in the State of New York.
The message further informed the House
that the Senate insisted on its amendments to
the bill (H. R. No. 2264) to authorize the Cat-
taraugus and Alleghany Indians in New York
to settle lands and confirm leases, disagreed
to by the House of Representatives, and
agreed to the conference asked by the House
on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
thereon, and had appointed as managers of
the conference on the part of the Senate, Mr.
Harlan, Mr. Buckingham, and Mr. Fexton.
The message also announced that the Sen-
ate insisted on its amendments to the bill (H.
R. No. 2934) revising and amending the law
relative to the mints, assay offices, and coin-
age of the United States, agreed to the con-
ference asked by the House on the disagree-
ing votes of the two Houses thereon, and had
appointed as managers of the conference on
the part of the Senate, Mr. Sherman, Mr.
Scott, and Mr. Bayard.
printing- of documents.
Mr. SARGENT. I move that the rules be
suspended so as to pass a bill to repeal all laws
authorizing the printing of public documents
for distribution by members of Congress.
The bill was read for information. It pro-
vides that all laws authorizing the printing of
public documents for distribution by members
of Congress be, and are hereby, repealed.
Mr. COX. That bill ought to go to some
committee.
Mr. RANDALL. It ought to be modified
so as not to apply to the present Congress.
Mr. SARGENT. I will modify it by adding
the words "from and after the 1st day of July,
1873."
The question was put on suspending the
rules ; and on a division, there were—ayes 125,
noes 23.
Mr. CONGER. I call for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and naye were ordered.
Mr. COX. I desire to say one word.
Mr. SARGENT. I object to debate.
Mr. COX. Why not send this bill to the
Judiciary Committee?
The SPEAKER No debate is in order.
Mr. COX. Would it be in order to have
the bill as modified read?
Several members objected.
The SPEAKER. Objection is made, but
the bill only prohibits the distribution of doc-
uments when the franking privilege is abolished.
Mr. COX. I understand that the printing
is abolished also.
The SPEAKER. And printing.
Mr. COX. I hope the HouSe will not pass
a bill like this in haste.
The question was taken ; and there were—
yeas 97, nays 93, not voting 50 ; as follows:
YEAS-Measrs. Ambler, Ames, Banks, Barry.
Beatty, Erasmus \V. Beck, Bell, Biggs, Bingham,
Bird, Austin Blair, Boarman, Buckley, Buflinton.
Burdett, Caldwell, Cogblan, Crebs, Davis, Dawes.
Donnan, Dox, DuBose, Duke, Elliott, Ely, Farns-
worth, Farwell, Finkelnburg, Charles Foster, Frye
Garrett, Giddings, Griffith, Hale, Halsey, Hambte-
ton, George E. Harris. John T. Harris, Hay, Hays.
Herndon, Hibbard, Hill, Ketcham, Killinger, Lam-
port, Lewis, Maclntyre, Manson, Marshall, May-
nard, McClelland, McCormick, McJunkin, McKee,
McKinney, Merrick, Monroe, Moore, Morey, Nib-
lack, Isaac C. Parker, Peree, Peters, Piatt, Poland,
Porter, Priee, Rainey, Randall, Edward Y. Rice.
Ritchie, Ellis H. Roberts, William R. Roberts. Rob-
inson, Roosevelt, Rusk, Sargent, Scofield, Sheldon.
Shoemaker, Slater, Slocum, Snapp, Stevens, Storm,
Taffe, Upson. Van Trump, Vaughan, Wakeman,
Wells, Willard, Williams of Indiana, Wood, and
Young—97.
NAYS—Messrs. Acker. Adams, Arthur, Averill,
Barber, Barnum, Boles, Braxton, Bright, Bunnell,
Burchard, Roderick R. Butler, Carroll, Cobb, Co-
burn, Comingo, Conger, Cotton, Cox, Critcher,
Crossland, Dodds, Dunnell, Eames, Eldredge, Esty,
Henry D. Foster, Wilder D. Foster,Hancock, Hand-
ley, Hanks, Harmer, Harper, John B. Hawiey, Jo-
seph R. Hawiey, Gerry W. Hazelton, John W. Ha-
zelton, Hereford. Hoar, Kelley, Kellogg, Kendall,
Kerr, King, Lamison, Lansing, Leach, Lynch, Mc-
Crary, McGrew, McHenry, McNeely, Merriam. Ben-
jamin F.Meyers, Mitchell, Morgan, Morphis, Leon-
ard Myers, JTegley, Orr, Packard, Packer, Palmer.
Pendleton, Perry, Read, John M, Rice, Sion H.
Rosers, Sawyer, Shanks, Shellabarger, Shober,
H. Boardman Smith, John A. Smith, Worthington C.
Smith, Speer, Sprague, Starkweather, Stoughton,
Stowell, St. John, Terry, Turner, Tuthill, Tyner,
Waddell, V/alden, Waldron, Wallace, Whiteiey,
Whitthorne, Jeremiah M. Wilson, and John T.
Wilson—93.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Archer, James B. Beck,
Bigby, James G.Blair, Brooks, Benjamin F. Butler,
Campbell, Clarke. Conner, Creely, Crocker, Darrali,
Dickey, Duell, Forker, Garfield, Getz, GollaUay,
Goodrich, Haldciaan, Havens, Hoiman, Hooper,
Houghton, Kinselia, Lowe, Hosea W.Parker. Peck,
Potter, Prindle, John Rogers, Seeley, Sessions,
Sherwood, Sloss, Snyder, Stevenson, Sutherland,
Swann, Sypher, Thomas, Dwight Townsend, Wash-
ington Townsend, Twichell, Voorhees, Walls. War-
ren, Wheeler, Williams ofNew York, and Winches-
ter—50.
So (two thirds not voting m favor thereof)
the rules were not suspended ; and the bill was
not passed.
railroad commission.
Mr. HAWLEY, of Illinois. I move that
the rules be so suspended as to enable me to
introduce and the House to pass a bill to pro-
vide for the appointment of Commissioners to
collect information in relation to railroads
forming lines of commerce between States.
The biil, which was read, authorizes the
President of the United States to appoint, by
and with the advice and consent of the Senate,
three eminent and disinterested citizens as
commissioners, whose duty it shall be to col-
lect information exhibiting the amount of
earnings and expenditures of the various rail-
road companies engaged in the transportation
of commerce among the several States, the
rates of transportation of passengers and
freight charged by-such companies upon said
commerce, the manner of constructing and
operating their rolling-stock with reference to
the safety, health, and comfort of passengers
and the stock transported by them, whether
such charges are unequal or excessive, and
the condition and general character of their
road-beds, tracks, and bridges, and provides
that it shall be he duty of said commissioners
to report their proceedings under this act to the
President of the United States, to be by him
transmitted to Congress as early as practicable
during the next regular session ; and that the
commissioners shall also inclnde in their report
their recommendation as to the rates that, in
their opinion, ought to be charged per mile
for transportation of passengers and freight
by said roads upon such commerce, whether
such rates per mile ought to be uniform, and
what legislation by Congress, if any, may be
necessary in the premises. The second section
provides that the commissioners shall hold their
