894
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 28,
office for one year, and shall each receive a
salary of $4,000.
Mr. DAWES. I move that the House now
adjourn.
Mr. RANDALL. I suggest to the gentle-
man from Illinois [Mr. Hawley] that one
commissioner would obtain all the informa-
tion that ean be obtained by three.
Mr. COGHLAN. I call for the regular
order.
The SPEAKER. The regular order is on
the motion to adjourn.
Pending the motion to adjourn.
enrolled bills signed.
Mr. BUCKLEY, from the Committee on
Enrolled Bills, reported that they had exam-
ined and found truly enrolled bills of the
following titles ; when the Speaker signed the
same:
An act (H. R. No. 861) directing the pay-
ment to Robert MeKee of pay, allowances, and
bounty now withheld from him ;
An act(H. R. No. 1275) for the relief of Wil-
liam Vails, late a private in company A, third
regiment Indiana volunteer cavalry ;
An act (FT. R. No. 2227) to regulate the
employmentof engineer soldiers on extra duty;
An act (H. R. No. 2333) to aid in maintaining
the fire department in the District of Colum-
bia;
An act (H. R. No. 2450) granting a pension
to Lucretia B. Grallaway ;
An act (H. R. No. 2464) granting a pension
to Evan Johnson;
An act (H. R. No. 2470) for the relief of
Anne Penny;
An act (H. R. No. 2495) granting a pension
to John Nolan;
An act (H. R. No. 2515) granting a pension
to Catherine Ross;
An act (H. R. No. 2537) granting a pension
to Charles Lynch;
An act (II. R. No. 2792) for the relief of
Galen E. Green;
An act (H. R. No. 2802) for the relief of
James A. McCullah, late collector of the fifth
district of Missouri ; and
An act (II. R. No. 2905) for the relief of
John MeMath.
The question was then taken on the motion
to adjourn ; and it was agreed to. Accordingly
(at three o'clock and fifty-five minutes p. m.)
the House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. BECK, of Kentucky: The petition
and accompanying papers of Benjamin T. Zim-
merman, of Lexington, Kentucky, praying an
allowance of bounty and back pay as a soldier
of the United States.
By Mr. BELL : The petition of J. H. Pear-
son & Co. and others, of Concord, New Hamp-
shire, for an appropriation to improve the
harbor of Toledo, Ohio.
By Mr. BRAXTON : The petition of H. H.
LocUnors, John W. Shipman, and others, ask-
ing an appropriation for improving the road at
the west end of the Chain bridge.
By Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts: The
petition of Mary Hill, for a pension.
By Mr. CONGER: The memorials of ship-
pers and business men of Michigan—Charles
Stewart and 25 others, Algonac; John E.
Kitton and 06 others, St. Clair; Henry Scott
and 58 others, Marine City; A. C. Gray and
30 others, Port Huron—asking Congress for
an increased appropriation for the improve-
ment of Toledo harbor.
By Mr. DODDS: The memorial of the
Chamber of Commerce of the city of Cincin-
nati, praying an appropriation for the im-
provement of the harbor at Toledo, Ohio.
By Mr. DO ELL: The memorial of John C.
Lemmon, for relief.
By Mr. ELY: The petition of the American
Geographical Society, for an appropriation of
$300,000 for the Vienna exposition.
By Mr. HALSEY: The memorial of the
New Jersey Historical Society, asking Con-
gress for an appropriation for the purchase of
certain original and important documents re-
lating to early French discoveries on the lakes
and the Mississippi, never yet published.
By Mr. HIBBARD: The petition of Anson
Atwood, for an extension of letters-patent on
car-wheels.
By Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts: A
memorial of merchants of Boston, Massachu-
setts, for the improvement of the harbor of
Toledo, Ohio.
Also, the petition of Mrs. Annie M. Wright,
of Chelsea, Massachusetts, for a pension.
By Mr. LAMISON: The memorial of John
Vannatta, G. W. Walker, and 42 others, citi-
zens of Lima, Allen county, Ohio, praying the
improvement of the outlet to the harbor at
Toledo, Ohio, and that Congress appropriate
$500,000 for that purpose.
Also, the memorial of James A. Newell, T.
E. Cunningham, and 95 others, citizens of
Lima, Allen county, Ohio, praying Congress
to make an appropriation of $500,000 for the
improvement of the outlet to the harbor at
Toledo, Ohio.
By Mr. LANSING: The petition of Nelson
G. Parmelee, for relief and for equal bounties.
Also, the petition of Ellis Z. Smith, for
relief.
Also, the petition of Damon Woodworth, for
relief, and to be allowed bounties equal to
those enlisting since.
Also, the petition of Andrew J. Phinney, for
relief and for equal bounties.
By Mr. LYNCH: The petition of Joshua
Herrick and others, soldiers of the war of 1812;
of Jos'hua F. Weeks and others; of Samuel
Pool and others; of Mark Pease; and of J.
F. Weeks and others, for pension.
By Mr. IvELLEY: The memorial of the
Pennsylvania State Temperance Union, James
Black, esq., president, D. C. Babcock, cor-
responding secretary, asking a commission of
inquiry concerning the traffic in intoxicating
liquors; also of restrictive and prohibitory
legislation for the suppressionof intemperance.
Also, the memorial of Captain William W.
Low, United States Navy, praying that the act
of January 16, 1857, may be so far modified as
to enable him to receive the pay of a lieutenant
while holding a commission of that rank in the
Navy, from September 14, 1850, to January
16, 1858.
By Mr. KING: The memorial of the curators
of the University of the State of Missouri.
By Mr. McCRARY: The petition of about
500 business men and citizens of Keokuk, Iowa,
praying the improvement of the outlet to the
harbor of Toledo, Ohio, by a permanent chan-
nel through the Maumee bay.
By Mr. L. MYERS: The petition and ac-
companying papers of William Young, for
compensation for use of his patent galley in
the navy.
By Mr. ORR: The remonstrance of 400 citi-
zens of Palo Alto county, Iowa, against grant-
ing an extension of time for the completion of
the McGregor and Sioux City railroad.
By Mr. PACKARD: The petition of the
members of the Legislature of Indiana, urging
an appropriation for the construction of a har-
bor at Michigan City, Indiana.
By Mr. POLAND: The memorial of E. and
T. Fairbanks & Co., praying an appropriation
to improve the harbor of Toledo, Ohio.
Also, resolutions of the Board of Trade of
Rouse's Point, New York, for improvement
of harbor at that place.
By Mr. RICE, of Kentucky : The petition of
Colonel D. R. Haggard, of Cumberland county,
Kentucky, for compensation for property used
from his farm by various bodies of United States
troops.
By Mr. SARGENT: A letter of San Fran-
cisco merchants, to accompany House bill
introduced by Mr. Sargent to amend act re-
ducing imposts, approved June 6, 1872.
Also, the petition of California gold banks,
and papers, to accompany bill of Mr. Sargent
amending shipping commissioners' act.
By Mr. SPRAGUE : The petition of H. F.
Sheldon, mayor, and 124 others, citizens of
Ottawa, Kansas, asking the repeal of the act
of Congress, approved June 10, 1872, relating
to the lands and property of the Ottawa Uni-
versity.
By Mr. STARKWEATHER: The petition
of the national banks of Norwich, Connecticut,
asking the removal of bank taxes.
By Mr. SUTHERLAND: Sundry petitions
of citizens of the Saginaw valley, Michigan,
for an appropriation to improve the outlet to
Toledo harbor.
By Mr. WALDRON : The petitions of Wil-
liam Russell and 125 others, citizens of Hills-
dale, Michigan ; also of John K. Boris and 75
others, citizens of Hudson, Michigan; of L.
D. Green and 40 others, citizens of Jonesville,
Michigan ; of W. H. Stone and 100 others, citi-
zens of Adrian, Michigan, asking an appropri-
ation for the improvement of the harbor at
Toledo, Ohio.
By Mr. WILLIAMS, of Indiana: The peti-
tions of citizens of Kendallville, Goshen, and
Elkhart, Indiana, asking an appropriation by
Congress for the improvement of the harbor
at Toledo, Ohio.
post e0cte bill.
The following bill was introduced under the
rule, and referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads:
By Mr. LANSING: A bill'to establish a
post road.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, January 28, 1873.
Prayer by Rev. J. G. Butler, Chaplain of
the House of Representatives.
The Journal of yesterday's proceedings was
read and-approved.
house bill ueferiied.
The bill (H. R. No. 3702) to declare the
true intent and meaning of the act approved
June 8, 1872, amendatory of the general bank-
rupt law, was read twice by its title, and re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
enrolled bills signed.
The VICE PRESIDENT signed the follow-
ing enrolled bills; which had previously re-
ceived the signature of the Speaker of the
House of Representatives:
A bill (H. R. No. 861) directing the pay-
ment to Robert MeKee of pay, allowances,
and bounty now withheld from him ;
A bill (H. R. No. 2537) granting a pension
to Charles Lynch;
A bill (H. R. No. 2464) granting a pension
to Evan Johnson ;
A bill (H. R. No. 2476) for the relief of
Anne Penny;
A bill (H. R. No. 2495) granting a pension
to John Nolan;
A bill (H. R. No. 2515) granting a pension
to Catharine Ross;
A bill (H. R. No. 2450) granting a pension
to Lucretia B. Galloway;
A bill (H. R. No. 2792) for the relief of
Galen E. Green;
A bill (H. R. No. 2905) for the relief of
John MeMath ;
A (bill H. R. No. 2852) for the relief of
James A. McCullah, late collector of the fifth
district of Missouri;
A bill (H. R. No. 2227) to regulate the
employment of engineer soldiers on extra
duty;
A bill (H. R. No. 1275) for the relief of
