1854
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 27,
of white Republicans, yet by the manipulation
of the machinery of that election which was
counted upon by the fusion politicians as
being equal to from fifteen to twenty thousand
votes.
Mr. CARPENTER. Fromtwentv to twenty-
five thousand.
Mr. .MORTON. Yes, sir, from twenty to
twenty-five thousand votes ; it is claimed, I ad-
mit, that they did, through that manipulation
bring in a majority for Mr. McEnery and his
friends; a result grossly fraudulent, and every
man iu this country ought to know it. But,
however that may have been, that vote was
never counted by the legal returning board;
those returns were kept from them ; they were
hidden away in a garret in the city of New
Orleans. The Lynch returning board, held
to be the legal returning board by the supreme
court, were not permitted to see and canvass
those returns, and they had to use the best
evidence they could. I have already given my
opinion ki my first report as to what I thought
of that evidence. Nevertheless* that has been
held by the Supreme Court to be the legal return-
ing board ; the Legislature has been held to be
the legal Legislature; the Governor has been
held to be the legal Governor; the machinery
of the government is working perhaps as nearly
perfect as in any State of this Government
without let or hinderance. Now, these gentle-
men are asking that they shall be turned out
and the McEnery government put in, while
from the other hand it is asked that we shall
reconstruct the State, treat it as having no
government at all, and organize a new govern-
mentby ordering an election under the authority
of the Congress of the United States.
Mr. President, this is all I have to say at
present.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Sher-
man in the chair.) The question is on the
amendment proposed by the Senator from
Georgia, [Mr. Hill,] which has been read.
Mr. THURMAN. What is it ?
The- PRESIDING OFFICER. To strike
out the whole bill reported by the committee
and insert a substitute.
Mr. WEST. It appears to bo conceded that
the debate on this question is to be very brief,
and if it is desired that wo vote on this sub-
ject, I suggest to the Senate that we have not
the proposition before us in such a shape as to
enable us to form any proper conclusion in
regard to it. The amendment has just been
read, and if the Senate have no objection to
giving us the opportunity to consider it and let
it be printed and laid on our desks to-morrow
morning, as it appears the Senate are ready to
vote upon the question and there is to be no
debate, I make the motion that the further
consideration of the subject be postponed until
the amendment can be printed.
Mr. CARPENTER. I hope not. There
are several Senators who desire to speak on
this question and undoubtedly will do so.
Mr. HILL. I will state for the information
of the Senator that the amendment I offered
has gone to the Printing Office and will be laid
on the desks as soon as it can be printed. Of
course there is no probability that there will
be a vote taken so early upon a subject so im-
portant. It will undoubtedly undergo some
discussion. I have something to say myself
before we reach a vote. I had not supposed
that the vote was imminent, and do not wish
to speak at present.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor from Louisiana moves to postpone the fur-
ther consideration of the bill until to-morrow.
Mr. CARPENTER. That motion I sup-
pose is debatable.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Certainly.
Mr. CARPENTER. I supposed, Mr. Presi-
dent, that several Senators would address the
Senate on this subject, and would be ready to
do so this morning, and it was my wish not to
submit the views that T entertain of this ease
until I had heard from other Senators, and
that, perhaps, by the courtesy of the Senate I
might be permitted to close the debate; but if
the matter is to stop here unless I do proceed
with the presentation of the facts of the case,
I must do so, although I had not intended to
do it, and am by no means prepared to do it
as I hoped to do.
Mr. SCHURZ. I will make a suggestion
to the Senator from Wisconsin. This is a very
large report, over a thousand pages, and there
are but few of us who have had time to read
the whole of it. I must confess that although
I have read the different reports from the
committee, I have not had time to read the
whole testimony, and I think we have a right
to expect that the members of the committee
should give us their views on the subject be-
fore others proceed.
Mr. CARPENTER. Very well; I yield to
that expectation.
Mr. SCHURZ. I shall be very glad to hear
the Senator.
Mr. CARPENTER addressed the Senate
in remarks which will be published in the
Appendix.
Mr. THURMAN. Mr. President, I propose
to make at this stage of the debate a few ob-
servations, and but a few. I do not propose
to go into any detail in the examination of the
facts of this case. I could not do it were I so
disposed, for I am in the same category with,
I have no doubt, the greater part of the Sen-
ate : I have had no time since this report was
made to read it. I have looked at it and ob-
tained what I believe to be the leading facts ;
and if I am not incorrect those facts are suf-
ficient to decide the case. I wish to speak
upon them in a few words, and I wish to do so
without inquiry whether the President of the
United States, or any officer of the Federal
Government, is justly censurable or not. I
leave for the present all such considerations
out of view.
In the first place, before proceeding to dis-
cuss the case, I wish to express the very great
satisfaction which has been afforded me by the
discovery that the investigation by our com-
mittee has been marked by a most remarkable,
I may say, fairness and impartiality. I think
every member of the Senate will concur with
me in saying that that committee is entitled to
the thanks of the Senate and of the country
for the fairness and impartiality with which it
has investigated the facts in this case. And
now, sir, let us see what are either admitted
or undeniable facts.
In the first place, it is an undeniable fact
that no legal canvass of the votes cast at the
last election in Louisiana has been made.
There is no controversy about that.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not assent to that
proposition.
Mr. THURMAN. I understood that it was
admitted.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senator will
allow me, it is admitted in the majority report
that the canvass was under color of law, and
in my judgment the De Feriet board had a per-
fect right to canvass those returns and make
the returns they did for the Legislature. I
think the law authorized it.
Mr. THURMAN. Then I was mistaken
about that; but that would only strengthen
the view which I am about to present. I had
taken it to be the fact that no legal canvass of
the votes had been made. It only shows my
imperfect knowledge of the facts; and if the
truth be that a legal canvass had been made,
then it is an admitted fact that the only legal
canvass which was made shows McEnery to
be elected.
In the next place it is an admitted fact that
McEnery has a majority of the votes cast for
Governor, according to the election returns.
There is no question about that.
In the third place it is admitted, or is un-
deniable, that the Kellogg government is a
sheer usurpation. There can be no question
about that.
In the fourth place it is admitted that the
President has recognized the Kellogg govern-
ment. Then, as a matter of law, no one will
assert that Congress is bound by that recog-
nition, for, on the contrary, we all agree that
Congress is not bound by it in the, slightest
degree.
In the next place it will be admitted that it
is the duty of Congress to recognize the true
government if there is such a government.
Then it will be admitted that the determina-
tion of the question which is the true govern-
ment belongs to the political department of the
Federal Government, and that, therefore, the
determination of Judge Durell has no binding
effect whatsoever, even if he had proceeded in
a case where his jurisdiction would be undeni-
able.
This brings us to the question, is there a
lawful government in Louisiana? A few facts,
it seems to me, will answer that question.
Whether these votes were counted arid can-
vassed by a proper board or not, looking
through mere forms and giving to the reality
and substance of the case, the fact is undeni-
able and is undenied that McEnery1 had a
majority of the votes according to the legal
returns. No question is made as to the legal-
ity of the returns. Their legality is admitted,
and it is admitted that according to those
returns McEnery has the majority, and that
establishes his right, and that makes it our duty
to recognize him as the Governor of the State
of Louisiana.
But what is said in answer to this? It is
said that the supreme court of Louisiana has
recognized what is called the Lynch board as
a legal board, and that having recognized that
board it necessarily follows that the persons
declared by that board to be eledted are the
persons entitled to hold the offices;' and that
is the ' answer of the Senator from Indiana,
Now, Mr. President, I deny that proposition,
wholly apart from the question made by the
Senator from Wisconsin that the decision of
that supreme court of Louisiana was in a case
of which it had no jurisdiction, that all that
it said on that question was obiter dictum,.
Wholly apart from'that question, I deny the
proposition that the Congress of the United
Stai- in determining which is the true gov-
ernii!'i.t in Louisiana is conclusively bound by
the doi ision of the supreme court of that State.
I at,:,i it that oven if that court had possessed
the most connlc-te jurisdiction under the Con-
stitution of that State to, decide that question
its decision Would not conclusively bind the
Congress of the United States. Sir, let us see
how this is.
The case of Luther vs. Borden is referred
to ; and what was said by the Supreme Court
of the United States in that ease in reference
to the effect of the decision of the supreme
court of Rhode Island, which is cited as sus-
taining the conclusion at which the Senator
from Indiana arrived? Why, sir, it does not
sustain it at all. Unquestionably the decision
of the supreme court of Rhode Island in re-
spect to the interpretation of the constitution
of that State is binding on the Federal judici-
ary, and that is all that that case decides in
respect to that decision; but that case decides
this, and it is the important matter, that what
was the true government in the State of Rhode
Island was a question to be decided by the
political department of this Government, and
that when the political department of this Goy-
ernment decided the judicial department was
bound to follow that decision; but if there
were an absence of decision by the political
department of this Government, then in the
absence of such decision the Federal judiciary
would be bound to follow the decision of the
State judiciary upon a question of the inter-
pretation of the State constitution and laws.
That is all.
Sir, to put it in a plain light, suppose that
the political department of the Government
of the United States had recognized the Dorr
