1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1857
in the prosecution of the debate. It is simply
a proposition to assemble on a day fixed, say
the 10th day of March, at the Mechanics' In-
stitute in the city of New Orleans, now used
as a State-house, or some other public build-
ing if for any reason that one cannot be pro-
cured, which is suited for the purpose at the
time, such persons as were holding over as
senators elected to the Legislature in 1870.
One half of the body is composed of old sen-
ators, perhaps wanting one or two who have
resigned or died and whose places have been
filled at the recent election. They are to unite
with some eight senators about whose elec-
tion there is no dispute, thereby making some
twenty-odd senators, five or six more than a
quorum of the senate, and at the same time
the members of the house of representatives
about whose election there is no dispute are
to assemble in their chamber and organize,
and then the two houses are to unite and the
presiding officer of the General Assembly to
count the returns of the election and to de-
clare the result and to make proclamation
thereof, and the persons found to be elected
after taking the oath of office to enter upon
their duties. That is a brief synopsis of my
amendment.
Mr. THURMAN. Will the Senator allow
me to interrupt him for a moment?
Mr. HILL. Yes, sir.
Mr. THURMAN. I have looked at the
return of a vote of these parishes that Mr.
Ray says were forged, to be found on pages
575 and 576, and I find that taking all those
parishes together, they gave Mr. Kellogg
something over two hundred majority, so that
the counting of those forged returns, if they
were forged, was in favor of Kellogg and
against McEnery.
Mr. WEST. Yes, Mr. President, and if
those returns had been bona fide they would
have shown that Mr. Kellogg had five thou-
sand majority and the forgeries were to re-
duce his majority to two hundred and fifty.
Mr. THURMAN. I have not seen the evi-
dence of that.
Mr. WEST. You will see it by looking at
the returns of preceding elections in those
parishes.
Mr. HILL. I was about to say when I was
interrupted by the Senator from Ohio that
after having made this statement I could see
no necessity for suspending the debate. By
continuing the debate we shall arrive at the
conclusion earlier. There is nothing in the
amendment substantially except what I have
stated. The Senate understand it now just as
well perhaps as they will when they read it;
and that being the case—the printed amend-
ment will be here during the evening, I pre-
sume—we may go right on with it.. The prop-
ositions are very simple. I take it for granted
that the Senate will adopt either the proposi-
tion that I have had the honor to submit, or,
failing to do that, take the next most reason-
able one, in my opinion, which is that of the
Senator from Wisconsin and the majority of
the committee.
Mr. WEST. Conceiving that the project
suggested by the Senator from Georgia might
offer a possible solution of this question, and
in order that he might submit his plan so as
to command the attention and consent of the
Senate, I have made this motion, not for the
purpose of staving oft' action, but here is an
alternative proposition that is submitted to
the consideration of the Senate, and I think
the Senate ought to have it before them. I
think the proposition of the Senator can be so
amended as to meet the views of the Senate
and to be in accord with the wishes of the
people of Louisiana. It is for that reason that
I have asked the postponement of the con-
sideration of the question until the Senate can
have that bill before them and consider it.
Mr. BAYARD. I should like to ask at
what hour that bill can be before the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
4'^D Qow, 3  Sess.—JHO, 117,
is unable to determine. The Senator has
made no definite proposition.
Mr. WEST. Then, in order to definitely fix
the time, I think we can take this subject up
to-morrow at twelve o'clock and continue it
until a vote is obtained.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If- the Senator from
Louisiana will allow me to interrupt him, if
that bill had been sent immediately to the
Printer it could have been on our tables now.
Mr. HILL. It was sent at once.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then we can have it in
print by seven o'clock.
Mr. HILL. It was sent immediately.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I presume if a messen-
ger is sent for it he can get it now.
Mr. WEST. The sooner it comes the better.
Mr. TRUMBULL. We can certainly have
it at seven if the Senate wants it.
Mr. CARPENTER. We can have it in an
hour.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Yes, we can certainly
have it in an hour.
Mr. WEST. Is it in order to modify my
proposition ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is.
Mr. WEST. Then I move that the further
consideration of this question be postponed
until seven o'clock this evening.
Mr. COLE. I hope that will be done, and
then I should like to move when that motion
is carried, if it is carried, to proceed with the
sundry civil appropriation bill, and make some
progress with it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Before that is done I
hope it will be distinctly understood that if
this bill goes over until seven o'clock, it will
come up at that time without objection.
Mr. COLE. Certainly it will come up then
if the Senate so desire.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is before us now,
and the only object of the postponement is to
have the amendment printed as I understand.
I hope the Senator having charge of the bill
will not allow it to be passed over in a way
that it will not come before th^ Senate again.
Mr. COLE. I am not at liberty to make
any bargain for the Senate. I only speak for
myself.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will ask the unani-
mous consent of the Senate, if I am not inter-
fering with the Senator from Wisconsin ; I
prefer to leave it to him 
Mr. CARPENTER. Not at all.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I suggest, then, that by
unanimous consent this bill be laid aside until
seven o'clock, to be taken up then when we
have the printed amendment.
Mr. COLE. I shall reserve the right to push
the appropriation bill at any rate, but 1 will
consent to that if no one else objects.
Mr. CARPENTER. I do not see the im-
portance of passing this subject over. The
proposition made by the substitute introduced
by the Senator from Georgia is very plain, very
simple, and can as well be understood without
having it printed as with. It is to select those
persons who appear to be elected members of
the Legislature, and organize them as a Legis-
lature. That is all there is of it, and the print-
ing of it will only furnish us with the names of
those persons, which is an immaterial matter
if we are going to do that. I hope that the
bill will not be postponed. I think we had
better adhere to it.
The PRESDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Illinois asks unanimous consent to
lay the bill aside temporarily- 
Mr. TRUMBULL. No. sir;_ I will not
interfere with the arrangements of the Senator
who has charge of the bill.
Mr. CARPENTER. I think we had better
go on.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion recurs on the motion of the Senator from
Louisiana, to postpone the further considera-
tion of the bill until seven o'clock.
Mr. CARPENTER, I hope that will not
be dpue.
Is that motion in order?
Let ns see. I say it is
The Chair
Mr. CONKLING.
Mr. COLE. Yes.
Mr. CONKLING.
not in order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER.
decides that the motion is in order.
Mr. CONKLING. A motion to postpone
until seven o'clock! May I inquire of the
Chair under what rule?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The rule in
regard to motions to postpone.
Mr. CONKLING. I may want to make
such a motion some time or other, and I should
like to know the rule. You can postpone un-
til to-morrow, and you can postpone indefi-
nitely ; but I want to know under what rule
within a fraction of the same day you can move
to postpone to a certain hour. Now I call the
attention of the Chair, if the Chair will pardon
me, to Rule 11:
" When a question is under debate, no motion
shall be received but to adjourn; to proceed to the
consideration of exectttivo business; to lay on the
table: to postpone indefinitely; to postpone to a
day certain ; to commit; or to amend."
And I would be glad to know under which
enumeration and license of this rule comes a
motion within a fraction of the same day to
postpone a bill for an hour ; for that is the
substance of the motion. Under the order of
the Senate we take a recess at five o'clock
until seven. Now a Senator rises, and ia
effect moves that the measure now before the
Senate shall stand postponed for one hour and
no more.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will answer the Senator from New York that
it has been the practice of the Senate to post-
pone measures pending before the Senate dur-
ing the day from time to time. It is within the
recollection of the Chair, and that recollection
is confirmed by the Secretary of the Senate.
Mr. CONKLING. If the Chair will allow
me to speak of the time since I have been a
member of the Senate, I say it has been done
only informally and by general consent, never
by force of the rules or a motion to be determ-
ined by a majority of the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. As this ap-
pears to be a question of recollection between
Senators, the Chair will submit the question
to the Senate, so that the point may be settled
as a precedent. Shall this bill be postponed
until seven o'clock this evening? The Chair
submits the question to the Senate.
Mr. CARPENTER. I submit that that is not
the question. The question is whether under
the rule such a motion can be made, not
whether is shall be done.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
so understands it.
Mr. BAYARD. As I desire to understand
the effect of this motion if it prevail, I ask the
Chair for information whether if the motion
before the Senate prevails this bill will be
before the Senate at seven o'clock for con-
sideration.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. So the
Chair understands.
Mr. THURMAN. The question now is, is
the motion in order?
The PRESIDING OFFICES. That is the
question the Chair is about to submit to the
Senate, whether the motion to postpone until
seven o'clock is in order.
Mr. THURMAN. I wish to say one word
about that. Unless there is some rule very
clear that forbids it, it seems to me it would
not be advisable that we should tie up our
hands so that we cannot postpone to another
hour in the same day. It might be very con-
venient for us to so postpone a bill sometimes,
and unless the rule is very express on the
subject, I think we ought to hold that the
motion is in order.
Mr. CARPENTER. The difficulty seems
to me to be this; when we reach seven u'ch.ck
sorae other business will be under consider-i-
tiou. How is it goiug to bu postponed ? C&a
