1858
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
February 27,
it be postponed without a motion and a vote
of the Senate made at that time ?
Mr. CONKLING. Is it a special order ?
Mr. CARPENTER. It is not a special
order.
Mr. CONKLING. The rule says we shall
not make a special order.
Mr. CARPENTER. So when we reach
seven o'clock and hare under consideration
some oltier business I do not see how we are
going to get rid of that business?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
understood the practice of the Senate to
be to'so postpone a bill, and yet that impres-
sion is now arrested by the statement of the
Senator from New York; and for the pur-
pose of settling the question, the Chair is dis-
posed to leave it to the Senate to decide whether
it is in order to move to postpone this bill until
seven o'clock this evening.
Mr. CONKLING. If the result of my sug-
gestion shall be to occupy any considerable
time of the Senate, I shall regret having made
it. 1 made it only in the interest of the
rules, because I can see, without stopping to
dilate upon it, that it would get us into con-
fusion from which we could not extricate
ourselves except, by general consent, if,
any time during the day, it was in order to
move that the business before us should be
postponed to another hour of that same day.
If you can make such a motion upon this bill,
when anything else is taken up you may make
it in regard to that, and what is to become, as
the Senator from Wisconsin suggests, of all
the accumulations which shall be made against
a certain hour ? But I desire to call atten-
tion 
Mr. MORTON. Allow me to make one
suggestion right there: fixing the considera-
tion of the bill at seven o'clock is in the nature
of a special order.
Mr. CONKLING I was just coming to
that. It never occurred to me until the
remark was made by the Chair a moment ago
that this could be put upon the ground that
the bill was to be the special order at seven
o'clock. If I had understood that it was upon
that idea, I should have called the attention
of the Chair, as I beg to do now, to the rule
under which we are acting, which expressly
forbids during the residue of this session the
making of any special order whatever. If
that rule is to be changed, one day's notice
must be given of that; it must de done by
resolution. Certainly it cannot be under th^t
rule. So that that' lule. speaking and posi-
tively forbidding the making of a special order
for seven o'clock to-night, or any other time,
until the rule' is abated, I submit cannot be
put upon that ground. Then if it is upon the
ground of' a postponement, the rule which I
read a moment ago, it seems to me, excludes
this expressly, although negatively.
Mr. ROBERTSON. It occurs to me that
under the rules the President of the Senate
must decide these questions as they come up,
and if Senators are not satisfied they cau
appeal from the decision of the Chair.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will merely remark that the Chair understood
the motion was tor the convenience of the
Senate, and it was in that view that he enter-
tained the motion. That was the moving idea
m the mind of the Chair. The Chair is forti-
fied in his- view by the .Secretary who states
that this has been the practice of the Senate.
It is not possible now to cite the precedents,
but it may be done when such a motion may I
be called up again. For that reason the Chair I
has submitted ihe question to the Senate. '
The Senator from Delaware [Mr. Bayard] j
appears to have risen to discuss the question, j
Air. CONKLING. Unless I interfere with j
the Senator fro'ja Delaware—— j
Mr. BAYARD. No, 1 have a proposition i
to make; but I will give way; I would rather '
that this point was exhausted first. j
Mr. CONKLING, Unless 1 interfere with ij
the Senator, in the interest of saving time I
will withdraw this point, because the discus-
sion had better go on upon something more
substantial than this, unless the Senator from
Delaware wishes to speak upon it, and then
of course I shall not ask him to allow me to
withdraw it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
desires to state in connection with what he said
that if it should be postponed the bill will of
course be subject to the unfinished business
when the Senate convenes at seven o'clock.
Mr. CARPENTER. Exactly, that is the
point 1 suggested. At seven o'clock we shall
have unfinished business and then the bill can-
not come up by its own force or by virtue of
this order. I hope the Senate will vote down
the proposition to postpone, and go on with
the bill.
Mr. HILL. Before the vote is takeri I will
mention that one of the clerks has just been
in and tells me that in fifteen minutes the
printed amendment will probably be here and
all this difficulty will be obviated.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. /The Chair
will put the question to the Senate. "Is the
motion to postpone the further consideration
of the bill until seven o'clock in order?"
Mr. CONKLING. I withdraw the point.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen
atorfrom New York wiihdrawsthe point. The
question recurs on the motion of the Senator
from Louisiana to postpone the further con-
sideration of the bill until seven o'clock.
Mr. BAYARD With the understanding
derived from the Chair that at seven o'clock
this bill will be the business before the body
for action, I shall vote in favor of that prop-
osition.
Mr. CARPENTER. 1 understand the Chair
to say that that will not be the case.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will be
subject to the unfinished business at "that hour.
The question is on the postponement.
Mr. DAVIS. Do I understand that it will
be subject to the unfinished business at that
hour ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will be.
Mr. CARPENTER. I hope the Senate
will vote the motion down.
Mr. HILL. I hope the Senate will not en-
tertain this motion, especially after the inform-
ation I have just given them as to the prob-
ability of the bill being here directly. We
shall get into trouble if we do.
Mr. CRAG1N. It has frequently happened
that when the Senate has taken a recess m the
evening it has been understood that we should
act upon a particular bill at that time and that
the bill under consideration wheu the Senate
took a recess should be the unfinished business
the next morning; and I think that practice
led to the impression cf the Chair and the
Secretary that this motion could be put with
the understanding that the bill should be the
unfinished business at seven o'clock.
Mr. CARPENTER. That requires the ele-
ment of universal consent.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Dcies anybody object
to it?
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on postponing the consideration ot the
bill until seven o'clock this evening.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Does anybody object
to the proposition to have it eome up by unan-
imous consent at seven o'clock ?
Mr. HILL. That is exactly what I was
going to say. I hope there will be unanimous
consent that the bill shall be taken up at aeven
o'clock.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there
objection to that proposition ?
Mr. CARPENTER. I object. I think we
had better go on now.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor from Wisconsin objects, fhe question ia
on the motion of the Senator from Louisiana.
The nio.ioH was not agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion recurs on the amendment of the Senator
from Georgia.
Mr. HILL. Mr. President, while I may
not be precisely accurate ifi stating every point
of the bill I have presented as an amendment,,
in the main I think I have stated it correctly.
I have a few considerations to submit to the
Senate, which perhaps I might as well do now
as hereafter. I advert to the position of Louis-
iana on the 4th day of November, 1872, when
for alight that appears to us she was in a statei
of as profound (juiet and peace as any one of.
the States of this Union.
It will be remembered that at our last session-
a bill was introduced at the solicitation of
some of the people of Louisiana authorizing
the presidential election to be held one day
in advance in that State, in order that it might
be on the same day with the State election,,
the 4th of November. The bill was passed,
and the election of presidential electors as well
as of Governor and other State officers elected
. by the people took place on Monday, the 4tb
of November. There was nothing extraordin-
ary as developed by the election so far as was
proven before the committee in the conduct
of it, nothing but what might have occurred
in any State, nothing unusual to the people
of Louisiana that we can hear; but it was eon-
ducted apparently with about as much fairness
as elections generally are conducted in that
State or in most of the States of the Union,,
at least most of the southern States; for I
believe it is a conceded fact that since the days
of the unfortunate revolution or rebellion things
have been more- irregular in the States south
than in States that have not been subjected to
the satne disturbing influences. But making
some allowance for that 'fact, for the passions
and prejudices of the people, sore and smart-
ing under defeat, we find here at least a peace-
able election, one in which we hear of no out
breaks, no riots, no bloodshed, nothing extra-
ordinary to distinguish it; and the first we hear
after the conclusion of the election is that itt
the usual method the returns are transmitted
to the Governor of the State.
These returns have been in the possession of
the Committee on Privileges and Elections.
They have undergone some examination, and
taken with the testimony of persons who are
familiar with them, some of whom stated
that they had counted them by direction of
the Governor, the committee were forced to
the conclusion that they disclosed the fact that
McEnery was elected Governor of Louisiana
by five or six thousand majority, and that the
general ticket known as the fusion ticket in
the State had been chosen, some portions of
it, to wit, the Lieutenant Governor, by a larger
majority than the Governor himself. It is
not ffcy purpose to gloss over this election, to
justify any fraud, because I think it was de-
veloped before the committee that in a few
parishes there were irregularities, and that
there had been advantages taken, not illegal
advantages however, but advantages such as
Were allowed by the law, by the Executive of
the State, in the appointment of registrars;
and perhaps in the direction as to who should
be appointed managers of the election by
those registrars; and not only that, but that
inconvenient places of voting had been created,
and in some of the parishes a diminished num-
ber of polling places had been directed.
All these things, however, were permitted by
the constitution and laws of Louisiana. There
was no arrogated power here; there was no
extraordinary exercise or abuse of a legal
power, because I take it for granted it will be
conceded by all partisans—and all of us to
some extent at least are partisans—that there
is nothing very reprehensible even in the
Goverrfbr of a State, who has the power to
make such appointments as those I haive de<
scribed, making them in the ihterest of the
party that he desires should succeed. tSuch is
human nature, and it is not to be wondered at
if the power be exercised. I shall not stop
