1860
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 27,
this moderate course than it was to go to ex-
tremes and sweep out of existence all they had
done in making their formal election and treat
it as a nullity.
"Where contesting parties agree that certain
men have been regularly chosen to the Legisla-
ture, and that with those holding over they
form enough and more than enough to organ-
ize a Legislative Assembly for the State of Louis-
iana, why shall we call upon the people again to
go to the ballot-box and choose afresh new
agents to fill these places of whose elections
there has been no dispute? I cannot see the ne-
cessity of such action. It looks like a wanton
invasion of the rights of the people of Louis-
iana, not occasioned by a reasonable doubt,
not justified by any necessity in the case.
I greatly prefer to recognize all that we may
rightfully and honestly recognize; and certainly
we do no one injustice when we accept the con-
ceded facts acknowledged by both factions of
the State, if they may be so termed. I do it
in 110 invidious sense. When they concede that
here are certain persons who have been chosen,
let us take them and organize them, and for
the deficiencies in their bodies let them supply
the rest.
I am so much in love with the argument of
my distinguished friend from Wisconsin, it has
embraced so much, it has been so fundamental,
it has been so successful in refuting every false
position that has been assumed in antagonism
thereto, that I rather wonder that the same
acuteuess of mind which concocted the whole
scheme of argument could find an apology for
itself for coming to the conclusion that there
had been no election in Louisiana because in
a few of the parishes there were frauds and
irregularities. It did seem to me that with the
premises laid dowu by the Senator himself,
and so elaborated, so enforced, and so unan-
' swerably presented as they were, there surely
had been an election to some extent, and an
election that ought to stand to some extent.
In all the premises I concede that the Senator
is correct, except that I think he magnifies the
irregularities and illegalities that were proven
before the committee.
In relation to the charges of forged re-
turns, I confess that they never have been ex-
hibited to me. I can give no opinion as to
whether they were forged or not, except by
inspection. I heard what was said by the
witnesses, but happened not to be present at
the time that the charge was made inthecom-
mittee that there had been alteration, or that
returns had been made up at points distant
from the polling places, and were therefore
fraudulent; but about that I say nothing. But
taking this election all in all, taking the de-
gree of quiet, taking the care that the Gov-
ernor seems to have used—and it required cir-
cumspection and it required great prudence
in a time of such great excitement as there was
all over the United States on a day when men
were assembled to vote for President and Vice
President, and for every high office in the
State—it is wonderful that the election should
have passed off in an excited community like
that with no more violence than we hear of
in the State of Louisiana. She did well. She
has done well since. I hope she will continue
to do well and preserve the peace. True, we
hear of agitations under the extreme circum-
stances that now surround her; but I think her
people deserve credit for the quiet and repose
that reign there to day. Let them bear in pa-
tience but a few more days, and I think their
travail will be ended and we shall arrive at
some conclusion here that will be a solution
of this troublesome imbroglio.
It must be remembered, Mr. President, that
the last was no ordinary political year in this
country; and when Senators assume that every
colored man iu the United States might be
expected to vote the Republican ticket, they
forget that there were some reasons that were
offered by gome who had been Republicans
before, and by many of the Democrats them-
selves to the colored element, why they should
vote for Horace Greeley instead of Ulysses S.
Grant. Even the honorable Senator from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Sumner,] the distin-
guished champion of the anti-slavery party in
this Chamber, did not hesitate to assure the
colored voters that Mr. Greeley was an older,
a faster, and more devoted friend to them
than the President-elect. He went back to the
days when Greeley in the Tribune was arous-
ing the country by his appeals against slavery,
and he contrasted him with the eminent cit-
izen who was an Army officer, taking no part
in politics, national in feeling, and without a
prejudice at all on the subject. These things
were presented to the intelligent black minds
of the country ; and as it was in the case of
Sella Martin in Louisiana, so it was in some
other quarters, that they thought they saw
merit in the candidate of the Democratic
party.
I must say one thing, that surely whatever
may be thought about colored men voting for
Mr. Greeley, it could not have excited such
special wonder as for the Democrats them-
selves to do it. If they could accept him as a
Democrat, I think colored men might very well
not object to him. Mr. Greeley withdrew
noue of the dogmas of his former life, he mod-
ified no previous position, but went before the
country maintaining his past history and de-
fending it: and we had the extraordinary spec-
tacle of the Democratic party, loathing anti-
slaveryism, despising reconstruction, hating
everything that was subsequent to the war, yet
accepting this distinguished Republican and
great anti-slavery leader as their standard-
bearer. Surely, if the Democratic party eould
bear it the colored people of the South might.
How many there were in Louisiana I will not
undertake to say ; but some witnesses say there
were eight or ten thousand that enrolled them-
selves iu support of Mr. Greeley. It may be
so, or the number may be exaggerated ; but it
is no part of my argument, it is not necessary
at all to sustain any of the positions I advance
here to show that there was a majority of the
voters of Louisiana, colored people and white,
Republicans.
Mr. President, I look to the returns of the
election. [ do not look to manufactured affi-
davits; I do not look to the labors of Mr.
Jaques to determine the complexion of this
election ; but I look alone to the returns as the
only legal evidence that exists as to what was
done on the 4th of November last. I know
not where else to go. Eulogies have been
expended here and elsewhere upon the honesty
of certain officials of Louisiana. There is one
that I have heard commented upon at times
who is said to have earned the sobriquet of
"Honest John," an ominous title, I always
thought, as a prefix to any name. He may
be never so honest, but it never struck me as
being a very high index of a man's integrity
that he should consent to be one of a canvass-
ing board, and that he should take newspaper
scraps and forged affidavits manufactured by
direction of persons that he knew were en-
gaged in doing it, and use them, count in
certain parties as elected in a State election
who could not have been counted in other-
wise, and then claim to be honest. Call you
this honesty, presiding as a sworn officer in a
State to count election returns, and manufac-
turing the results of an election without any
returns? God save me from such integrity
and honesty as this!
I know not how censurable in his career
Governor Warmoth may be. He is said to be
wonderfully dexterous by the Senator from
Wisconsin, to have managed to have kept
within the law generally merely to have saved
himself from a breach of it, managing, adroit,
ready, suited well for a revolutionary period
in an agitated State. He has received the
bigb compliment of being fHtei fer leac^ship
in the most tempestuous times. He may merit
all this and more. Yet for aught that I have
heard in that man's career I will not say that
I would not as soon have his history as that
of any one of the board of canvassers who
undertook to fasten upon the people of a State
persons that they knew were not elected to the
office by using forged affidavits and making a
false count. When the future historian comes
to advert to this extraordinary state of things,
for I trust in Heaven it is only fleeting, and
that its like will never occur again, he will
wonder at the patience of a people who were
thus defrauded, cheated out of an election
that was made according to the forms of law,
and that done simply by the intervention of a
judge without jurisdiction of the case, and by
the inditing of an order which he had no more
right than I had to issue when he put his sig-
nature to it.
But, sir, let us deal with this delicate mat-
ter temperately and prudently. Let us see
what is best to be done. I will not consent to
look at it in a partisan sense. I will, however,
to one extent, look at in that light, and I will
give it as my judgment to-day that as a mat-
ter of sheer, naked policy on the part of the
national Republican party, they will do well
to recognize as far as they can what was
done in Louisiana on that election day, and
not undertake by indirection to thwart the
expressed wishes of her people. We have no
other key to what their will was save the elec-
tion returns. The proposition is made to fur-
nish them with the machinery to go into a new
election in May next, and for this machinery
to be provided by this Government, a propo-
sition that finds no favor with me, though I
would take itratherthan do worse, but I would
hesitate before I accepted it. I agree with the
Senator from Indiana that I want not this Gov-
ernment, now that the States have been recon-
structed, except under the most extraordinary
and downright revolutionary circumstances, to
take from the people of the States the right
of making their own elections after the manner
prescribed by their constitution and laws.
No, sir, leave to the people the freedom
that they are now enjoying. Do not send
among them a judge to direct who shall man-
age their elections or how the elections shall
be counted, thereby superseding the whole of
their election laws; but leave them if we can, as
far as safety will permit, to supply any deficien-
cies that may exist in their government. If
it should so turn out that it is not clear that
Mr. McEnery has been elected Governor of
Louisiana they can order a new election for
themselves. One thing is certain, I take it,
that his opponent was not elected, a point so
fully eloborated by the Senator from Wiscon-
sin, and the pretension so ridiculed, so scouted,
so contemned, and so despised that it is not
worthy of consideration.
Mr. President, if we go into Louisiana in
the manner proposed to give them this new
election, is it not the beginning of a new era
and a deplorable one at that, when defeated
parties will set up pretended governments in
the States in order to have second elections ?
In the course of things the poisoned chalice
might be returned to our own lips. Party
majorities are fleeting. It is in the very nature
of republican government, that those who are
in to-day may be out to-morrow or next day,'
and we here, as Senators of the United States,
should hesitate to lay down a rule in any case,
that we will not be willing to abide by through
all time, and to allow to stand upon the statute-
book as a precedent for the future.
I see no necessity of overturning this elec-
tion, but prefer greatly that it should stand
to the extent at least of the election of the
members of the Legislature, and that the gov-
ernment may be in a shorter time than two
months restored to full action and the people,
having some assurance and guarantee of quiet
$nd peace, ^ et}e9W ge4 to pursue Aej?
