1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB&
1861
customed avocations. The President himself
admits that, at present, in the state of doubt
that hangs around Louisiana, all business is
stagnant. The planter even at this advanced
season hesitates whether to put his crops in
the ground; the merchant hesitates whether
to lay in new supplies for the spring trade,
and there is general prostration, distrust, and
doubt. It is no longer ago than yesterday
that I saw in one of the papers of the West
the fact stated that property in the city of
New Orleans, by reason of these extraor-
dinary times, has declined more than fifty per
cent., and could not find a purchaser even at
that price, and that this depression is univer-
sal ; it extends through the country, and it is
making wide spread bankruptcy for the peo-
ple of Louisiana.
The Senator from Indiana has told us that
there was a general feeling abroad in the State
for submission to the Kellogg government.
I asked the Senator how he obtained his in-
formation, from what sources? He did not
choose to give me a reply. Whether he could
have answered the question satisfactorily I do
not know, but I confess that I am wholly with-
out information on the subject; and can only
say, that if such is the fact, the people of Louis-
iana in these three short months have lost all
the spirit of independence that has heretofore
distinguished them. It is a changed people,
it must be a people without hope, who believ-
ing that having carried an election, and being
entitled to the public offices of the State and
that they have been foully deprived of them,
are now led to succumb and submit themselves
prostrate in the dust before the car of the con-
queror, or rather before the edict of the
usurper.
Sir, I am slow to believe this. The notes
of discontent that come up from Louisiana
tell to me a different tale; it is of widespread
dissatisfaction, of distress, of disposition on
the part of the property-holders of the State
to flee its limits and seek refuge in more genial
climes. Sir, I would give them satisfaction ; I
would restore them quiet; I would give them
confidence in the integrity and impartiality of
this Government. I want them to feel and to
realize that, however partisans may traduce
and denounce the authorities of the national
Government as being reckless of the liberties
of the people and interests of the States, there
is yet abiding in the national councils acorrect
regard and a high principle that directs them
to care for the interests of the remotest and
the humblest of the great sisterhood. _
There are many- points in the discussion
that I might touch upon; but I have sought
to avoid anything that has been argued by
the Senator from Wisconsin, except where I
differed with him. I have mainly confined my-
self to positions of dissent from those that
his own mind and that of a majority of the
committee have arrived at. I will not iu the
short time that is now left me touch upon any
other branch of the question. Having said
what I have, I appeal with the utmost earnest-
ness to the Senate to reflect long, to reflect
patiently upon the propriety of disregarding
this election. I have done so myself aud have
only come to the conclusion that we have a
right to pass the bill which I have introduced
as a substitute, because of the necessity of
the case. Had there been a count of this vote,
1 should never have introduced a bill. When
I say a count, of course I mean a count by
some one or some board having authority to
count. I refuse to believe that a majority of
this body cau come to the conclusion that a ]
man with a minority vote can be foisted upon '
a people and made their ruler. That princi-
ple I am sure will not be adopted. It is anti-
republican, and would be a libel upon the
measure we propose to grant to this people, for
what we propose to do for them is to secure to
them a government republican in form. \V e
might say that this had the form of republican
government, but it would be at the same time ,
nothing hnt a shadow having no substance
whatever of republican government.
Then, with the views that I have presented, I
cannot see well how candid minds can hesitate
to come to the conclusion that it is best to
pause. I am simply confirming the election of
those persons whose election is not disputed by
any one, leaving the rest to be counted in by
the Legislature when they organize themselves
into a General Assembly.
I do not know that I need say anything more
to explain the views I have attempted to ex-
press. I desire that when this matter shall be
concluded, the good people of Louisiana, the
humble people of Louisiana, the rich and the
poor, looking to the Federal Capitol, and see-
ing what has been proven before this commit-
tee and submitted to this body, may be able
to recur to it With gratification and pride of
country. I think they will conclude, when
they take the pains to examine what has been
shown to the committee by their own citizens
and what has been admitted to have been
legally and regularly done at the time of the
election, Congress will have done well to have
gone no further, than to have called upon them
to make a count by the General Assembly and
to declare the result.
I do not undertake to portray the conse-
quences of forcing upon these people, so
reluctant to accept it as I believe they are,
this unpalatable government of Mr. Kellogg.
It will be the first time, so far as I know, in
the history of American States, that a man
clearly not chosen by a majority vote, and
without the semblance of an election, and
where the returns show that another and not
he was chosen, returns admitted in the main
to be correct and to be genuine, has been
forced by the power of this Government into
an executive chair, to administer a State
government over the heads of a depressed and
complaining people. Sir, what difference will
it make with the known and acknowledged
power of this great Government, whether the
fact be expressed by the mandate of Congress
or by the proclamation of the President, that
such government shall be regarded as the de
facto government of Louisiana? Why, sir,
there is danger that a majority of the people
will cease to look with veneration upon the
law-making power here, and will regard this
Government as one of tyranny and not of
protection.
As for the election of Senators which is in-
volved in the question that is before us, and
which has been discussed upon this floor, of
course it depends upon the fact whether any
person with a certificate from a pretended
Governor or actual Governor of Louisiana,
and I maintain that there is as yet no
actual Governor there, has appeared here and
demanded a seat as a member of this body. It
becomes necessary for us to examine whether
there has been at any time since the 4th of
November, 1872, a legal Legislature in that
State that could have elected a Senator to this
body; and, sir, from the testimony before the
committee it is apparent that in neither of the
pretended Legislatures, at least so far as my
own opinion goes, have there been two legal
houses. I believe the facts disclose that in one
there has been a legal senate, and in the other
there has been a legal house, but that at. no
time has there been in either one of those
assemblies, a senate and a house that were both
legally elected. That being true, as a conse-
quence the election of any Senator falls to the
ground. That is the position that 1 occupy,
and if I were called upon to pass directly upon
that question whether Mr. Ray or Mr. McMil-
len had been regularly chosen a Senator of
the United States, 1 should with the lights
before me be compelled to vote ''no" in both
cases, and that the State of Louisiana would
have to go without representation in the rem-
nant of this session. It would avail but little
except so far as it would be a key to the solu-
tion ot' other difficulties for that question to be
determined. It is inexpedient perhaps even
to discuss it, since the Senate will not turn
aside at this late period to determine whether
there has been an election of a Senator or not,
but will look steadily on to the solution of the
greater question whether there is in Louisiana
in reality a legal State governmentto-day; and
if it determines that there is not, what expe-
dient we shall devise to substitute a govern-
ment for one that might have been legal but
for the unwarranted intervention of an unjust
judge.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Ferry,
of Michigan, in the chair.) The hour of five
o'clock having arrived, the Senate takes a
recess until seven o'clock this evening.
EVENING SESSION.
The Senate reassembled at seven o'clock
p. m.
great salt lake and portland railroad.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Ferry,
of Michigan, in the chair.) The recess hav-
ing expired, the Senate, as in Committee of the
Whole, resumes the consideration of the Louis-
iana bill, the pending question being upon
the amendment proposed by the Senator from
Georgia.
Several Senators rose.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I call for the regular
order.
Mr. KELLY. Before that is taken up, I
should like to haveavery short bill considered.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Vermont calls for the regular order.
Mr. KELLY. I should like to have House
bill No. 3622 taken up. It is a bill of only
two sections, but is one of great importance
to the people of Oregon. I have not troubled
the Senate very much and I hope they will
allow it to be considered.
Mr. MORTON. 1 hope there will be no
objection to that.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there ob-
jection ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. 1 have one or two bills
of the same character, only they relate to the
operations of Government, to which I hope
there will not be any objection.
Mr. KELLY. I will help you to get them
up afterwards. I know there will be no ob-
jection to this bill. It is reported unanimously
by the Committee on Public Lands.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there
objection to the consideration of the bill
which the Senator from Oregon has named 1
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let us hear it read, sub-
ject to objection.
The Chief Clerk read the bill (H. R. No.
8622) supplemental to an act entitled "An
act granting the right of way through the
public lands for the construction of a railroad
from Great Salt Lake to Portland, Oregon,"
approved April 12, 1872.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am very sorry indeed
to interpose any objection to the wishes of my
friend from Oregon, whom I respect very much;
but I had my attention called to a bill, almost
word for word like that, a week or two ago,
and on examination it appeared to violate so
largely the principles of thejurisprudence that
is settled in the States about taking private
property, &c., that the parties in interest who
I were wishing to pass the bill were entirely satis-
i tied that it ought to be amended in large par-
!: ticulars, and those amendments have been
j suggested and I believe have been copied out
to the satisfaction of the parties themselves.
[| Therefore, I cannot consistently with the oppo-
!! sition that I made to another bill of that ehar-
i: acter—I have forgotten the name of it at this
|i moment—give my consent to have a bill passed
|j in that form, because 1 do not believe it to be
I: right.. If it could be amended in a variety of
I particulars, which I could point out. to my
| friend from Oregon if I had the time, for I
j believe I have a copy of the other biil as it \v;>s
! amended with the consent of the people int. i-
