1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
901
tions in such manner that any information required
may be at oncc furnished iu a complete form, which
is not the ease at this time.
Such are some of the difficulties under which this
office labors. The force employed is totally inade-
quate to remedy these faults, being hardly able to
keep up with the constantly increasing current
work.
I am constrained, therefore, to urgently press the
necessity for an increase of the force now authorized
bylaw, and suggest the following addition as the
least possible with which to keep this office in a
state of tolerable efficiency: two clerks of the fourth
class; two clerks of the third class; three clerks of
the second class; three clerks of the first class; one
assistant messenger.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
W, T. HAINES,
Commissioner of Customs*
Hon. Geo. S. Boutwkll,
Secretary of the Treasury.
Mr. CORBETT. It may be that that is all
the information that is necessary. This increase
of force is recommended by the Secretary of
the Treasury, and it would seem that he ought
to have a sufficient force to give efficiency to
this office and enable them to write up the
books, which are behind since 1849, as I un-
derstand. Much of the business is behind.
It is well known that we have now a new Com-
missioner of Customs and ho desires to put
the business of the office in proper shape, and
it does seem to me that it is necessary to give
the required force to enable him to do it. It
is known that we are now depending on the
collection of duties from customs principally
for the support of the Government, and there
are only about twenty-five clerks employed in
this office. Now he asks for thirty-five clerks ;
that is, an addition of ten; and it does seem
to tne that he should have this additional force.
I understand that the committee have given
him five, and he says, as I understand, that
that is inadequate for the service. Therefore
I have made a motion to increase it five clerks
in the various classes as I propose; that is, in
line four hundred and forty-six, to change
"three" to "four" clerks of class four, and
"seven" to "eight" clerks of class three,
and "ten" to "twelve" clerks of class two,
and "nine" to "ten" clerks of class one. I
do this to conform to the recommendation of
the Secretary of the Treasury, and therefore
I ask for the reconsideration of this vote,
having been absent when the amendment was
concurred in.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Ram-
sky in the chair.) The question is on the
motion of the Senator from Oregon to recon-
sider the vote by which the Senate amended
this clause of the bill.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. This is a
motion to reconsider with a view of opening
the question of increasing the force in one of
the bureaus of the Treasury, and therefore
that whole question may just as well be met
on this motion. 1 should like to test the sense
of the Senate whether it is worth while to re-
consider for that purpose. The information
which the Senator from Oregon has was in the
possession of the Committee on Appropria-
tions when this bill was considered in commit-
tee, and it was also before the Committee on
Appropriations in the House, I understand.
Mr. CORBETT. 1 wish to correct the
Senator in that respect. I understand that the
information did not come to the House until
it was too late to make the amendment.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Well, I will not
speak of the House, but I am certain as to
what transpired before the Committee on
Appropriations of the Senate. It will be seen
that your committee have increased the force
in this office by four clerks, one in each class,
and that was deemed for present purposes, in
the estimation of the Committee, a proper
thing to do in behalf of the service,and it was
hoped that it would meet all the exigencies of
the service. There has been a practice in that
bureau which obtains at the present time of
detailing from other quarters clerks when
there is an exigency for such services, and I
suppose the same thing might be done again.
The conclusion we came to was that an increase
of the force of clerks, to the extent of one in
each grade, might answer the purpose. I
rather hope, therefore, that the Senate will
sustain the committee.
Mr. COLE. There is an increase of two in
one grade, from seven to nine clerks of class
one.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I believe there
are two added in one class; that would make
an increase of five.
Mr. CORBETT. I am told that the clerks
who were formerly detailed are required in
other parts of the Treasury Department and
that they have all been withdrawn from the
Commissioner of Customs, and that it will be
impossible for him to put that office in proper
shape without this additional increase.
I will now ask for the reading of the com-
munication dated January 21, which I did not
think it important to have read before, which
was not before the Committee on Appropria-
tions. Perhaps for the information of the
Senate it ought to be read before this motion
is put, and I ask that it be read.
The Secretary read the following communi-
cation :
Treasury Department,
Office of Commissioner of Customs.
January 21,1873.
Sir: In obedience to your reference to me of the
Senate resolution of January 20,1873, relative to the
business of this office, I have the honor to report:
That owing to the press of current business there
is much delay in the settlement of accounts of col-
lectors of customs out of office, thereby entailing
loss on the Government and creating dissatisfaction
among those having business to do with the office,
especially sureties on official bonds of persons whose
terms of office have expired. From time to time
efforts have been made—even with the limited force
at the command of this office—to close up and regu-
late the balances standing on the books of the (
Treasury, many of them running back as far as !
1840, some technical, others representing a real
indebtedness.
Some have been sued, and the results of the suits
have never entered into the accounts, generally
from a failure on the part of other branches of the
Government to give the proper information.
To properly discriminate between the true and
technical balances and to make the proper entries
and state the necessary accounts, to bring all things
to a certain and sure stand-point, will require a vast
deal of labor and research, not onlyintbis office, but
also in the other offices and bureaus of this Depart-
ment.
The correspondence received at this office since it
was organized has been bound in volumes, but not
indexed.
The records of letters sent during the same time
are merely indexed in each volume and require a
comprehensive general index, and also a digest of
decisions. The want of this index and digest entails
much labor in the searching of records; and the
office in doubtful cases incurs the danger-of making
diverse decisions on the same point.
All oaths of customs employes are filed in this
office. These, fiom time to time have been bound,
and it is desirable that they be indexed.
A portion of the letter record is, and has been for
a number of years, on an average, six months in
arrears.
There are several records of minor importance, so
far as the accounting for of money is concerned, but
which would be valuable for statistical purposes;
and for which clerk hire would be well expended,
such as a segregated statement of all expenses in-
curred in each collection district, from which, at
any time, the sums paid for anyone class of expenses
might bo found, as clerk hire, contingents, rents,
<fcc 
It is desirable that the official bonds filed in this
office be inventoried, so thatthe recordof them will
show the principals, sureties, residences, dates, and
amounts. It would not now be possible to complete
such a rccord from the beginning of the Govern-
ment, but it would be advisable that such a one be
kept from date.
AH the accounting desks m this office are too
lnrgo. Should the additional clerks asked for be
given, these desks wiU be divided in such manner
as to insure prompt attention to, and thorough in-
vestigation of nil accounts and business that may
come before tho office.
The number of accounts in this office on January
1, 1873, was three hundred and eighteen, thus show-
ing the current work to be Ironi fifteen to twenty
days behind. .
The warehouse division is fully up so far as toe
accounts are rendered. New York city, in her ware-
house account, is twenty months behind, the last
warehouse account passed in this office being for
April, 1871, and the last received in the lirst Aud-
itor's office being for the month of November, 1S< 1.
There are other ports also that have failed to meet
this branch of their duties. The answer assigned
us jl total insuffioicncy of clerical force in their cus-
tom-houses. In consequence of these insufficient
returns, my report of the warehouse transactions \
for the United States is necessarily incomplete, but  
I have made m every instance foot-notes to the re-
port, showing first where it is incomplete. There be-
ing, however, full returns for 1870, IhavQ prepared a
complete report for that year, and will follow up
with 1871 as soon the accounts are returned.
I can but state of those now employed in this
office, that they are all faithful, industrious clerks,
ana not only do the records show a prompt attend-
ance during office hours, bat the number of accounts
revised difring the month fully indorses such records.
But they are positively too hurried to adjust the
accounts with the care that should be taken, and I
earnestly urge, for the benefit of the Government,
that the clerical increase mentioned in my former
letter may be allowed.
<Che resolution is.herewith returned.
I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your
obedient servant, rp HAINES
Commissioner of Customs.
Hon. George S. Boctwell,
Secretary of the Treasury.
Mr. CORBETT. It seems to me that in
this branch, as we are now reducing the in-
ternal revenue force and are collecting a very
much larger amount from customs, we can
afford to give this additional force. Of course
I have no object in presenting this except the
desire to promote the public interests and to
give sufficient force to enable the commercial
department, from which we collect the great
body of our taxes, to give the people a prompt
statement and keep the accounts in proper
condition.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from
Oregon to reconsider the vote by which the
Senate adopted these amendments.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. STEWART. I offer an amendment
which I offered in committee. On page 34,
line eight hundred and eleven, I move to strike
out "$40,000" and insert "$53,200:" so that
that clause of the appropriations for tho branch
mint at Carson city, Nevada, will read, "for
chemicals, charcoal, wood, and incidental
expenses, $53,200."
The actual cost of running the mint for the
current year, including what has been ex-
pended and what is estimated as a deficiency,
will be $162,900. The Department have rec-
ommended an appropriation for the next
year of $139,900. The bill cuts it down to
$117,900. I fear that the appropriation, ac-
cording to the estimate of the Department,
will be insufficient to carry on the business
if it continues to be anything like what it is
now.
I should like to read to "the Senate what the
Director of the Mint says this year about the
Carson mint. I would not insist upon this
matter if I did not think it absolutely neces-
sary, if the mint shall be earried on the next
fiscal year without inviting large deficiencies. I
do not believe in having it understood that large
deficiencies can be had, but the appropriation
should approximate pretty nearly to what the
annual expenses of running the mint will be.
The Director of the Mint says in his report:
"Carson Mint.—This branch mint has been most
successful in its operations during the past year.
The great increase of deposits during the past over
the fiscal year ending June 30,1S71, is deserving of
especial notice, and is evidence of the rapid devel-
opment of the rich mineral resources of that, region.
The deposits during thcyear were: gold, §4,371,573 55;
gold coined, 8533,350; silver deposits and purchases.
$1,192,86314; silver coined, 595,006 50; unparted and
line bars, S7.S69.287 53." Total deposits and purchases,
$8,564,436 69; total number of pieces, 264,340."
It is the second mint in amount of deposits
in the United States. What werethe expenses
last year as reported by the superintendent of
the mint? The actual appropriation was
$89,500, and then there were deficiencies of
$18,400, making $107,900. For the present
fiscal year, in addition to $89,500, there will be
a deficiency of $55,000, making a larger sum
than the Secretary of the Treasury has recom-
mended and a larger sum than we ask for.
We do not ask as much for the next fiscal
year as the actual expenses of this fiscal year,
and probably this amount will be inadequate;
but certainly this much at least ought to be
allowed.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
