902
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 28.
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Nevada.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I offer now the same
amendment which I suggested the other day,
but then withdrew at the request of the Sena-
tor from Vermont, [Mr. Edmunds.] As legis-
lation has been attached to the bill, I offer it
again. It explains itself. Jt has been for
three successive years adopted by the Senate.
It is to equalize the pay of bureau officers.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment, which
was to add as a new section the following:
That from and after the 1st day of January, 1873,
the salaries of the Assistant Secretaries, the Soli-
citor. the Register, and theSupervising Architect of
the Treasury Department, the Assistant Secretary
of the Intorior, the Commissioner of Patents, the
Commissioner of Indian Affairs, the Commissioner
of Agriculture, the Commissioner of Customs, the
Auditors of the Treasury, the Commissioner of the
General Land Office, the Commissioner of Pensions,
and tho Assistant Postmasters General, the superin-
tendent of the money-order system, and tbe super-
intendent of foreign mails of the Post Office Depart-
ment, shall be $4,000 each per annum.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. This comes
recommended from the Committee on Finance,
and it is true, I believe, that it has had the
sanction of the Senate three or four years in
succession, and I suppose it is justly due to
these officers. 1 said on a former occasion all
that I have to say on the subject of salaries.
There is no objection to this except that it
undertakes to do upon an appropriation bill
what ought to be done in some other way. But
regarding this as .somewhat exceptional, I do
not know that it is worth while to resist it. I
hardly suppose it is worth while to resist it.
I leave the matter to the Senate.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will state that the
Committee on Finance had another proposi-
tion to raise salaries before them, and reported
it in a separate bill. The Senator from Michi-
gan [Mr. Ferry] this morning reported a bill
from the Committee on Finance raising the
salaries of the chief clerks of Departments, and
also of the chief clerks of bureaus; but the
committee did not instruct it to be offered as
an amendment to this bill. This proposition
stands on its own basis. It equalizes the sal-
aries of these various heads of bureaus. One
of them gets $4,000, and half dozen others get
$3,500, and some got $3,000. Some get higher
than $4,000; but we did notsee proper to re-
duce the salary of any one, but simply to make
these officers all $4,000.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. You level up
but do not level down.
Mr. SHERMAN s There are three bureau
officers, tho Senator knows, who get over
$4,000. General Spinner gets $0,600,1 think.
The Commissioner of Internal Revenue, I
think, gets five thousand or fifty-five hundred
dollars; and the Commissioner of Patents
gets $1,500. We do not change these; hut
we have made the salaries of the other heads
of bureaus uniform at $4,000.
Mr. CONKL1NG-. Mr. President, to ob-
ject to an increase of pay in the case of any
faithful official is an unenviable duty, and I
am not sure that in the case of any officer
named in this amendment an objection can
properly be made, unless it be to the mode in
which the increase is proposed. But I have
this to say, that any argument which will
prove that an increase of salary ought to be
given to these officers will inevitably prove
that many an other officer should be included
who is here omitted, And that brings us to
consider whether this is the way, by an
amendment to an appropriation bill, although
it may have the sanction of one of the com-
mittees of this body, to deal, and to deal
piecemeal with the question. It seems to me
that the matter of salaries, be they depart-
mental, judicial, executive, or of any other
kind known to the civil sorvice of the Gov-
ernment, should be taken up and considered
as a subject grave enough to constitute a bill
upon which everything pertaining to it can be
adequately considered. Now, is the Commis-
sioner of Agriculture one of those named here ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Yes.
Mr. CONICLING. I am not prepared to
deny that the Commissioner of Agriculture
ought to be paid something more than he is
paid now. I am, however, prepared to say
and feel fully warranted in saying that I can
mention many officers who are not referred to
here in whose case a far more obvious need
of increase exists than in the case of the Com-
missioner of Agriculture.
Then why select the Commissioner of Agri-
culture for example 1 Why select these others,
and leave everybody else behind? Because
this comes as an amendment to an appropria-
tion bill; it comes from the Committee on
Finance ; and it relates to those officers whose
case the committee have considered and has
put in this amendment. I should greatly pre-
fer, for one, a report by some committee on
this subject, stating the facts generally and
rearranging the tariff of compensation and
adjusting it, not by putting everybody who
could be enumerated upon a par, each to
receive $4,000, but by graduating in respect
to the value of the labor performed and the
hire that should be given to it a scale of sala-
ries applicable to all those whose salaries we
are bound to fix.
I do not wish to go into this somewhat in-
viting subject as far as the dimensions and
ramifications of the subject make it inviting,
but certainly we shall not have to go very far
or wide to find examples which cry as loudly
for legislation as the case of any single officer
nominated in the amendment. The Senator
from Ohio withdrew it the other day. I was
glad of that. He has renewed it now. I am
sorry he has renewed it, and for the reason,
among others, (which is the only additional
remark I wish to make,) that by as much as
we deal with this piecemeal, adjusting this
thing by itself and that thing by itself, we
postpone the day when a general reformation
is to take place on this subject.
I shall vote against the amendment, and I
shall do it without intending thereby to say
that any man is named who does not deserve
more pay; and certainly not that some of those
who are named do not deserve more; but I
insist that we ought to take it up by itself,
deal with it as an entire matter of' grave im-
portance, and treat everybody with that justice
which he will receive when proper considera-
tion is given to his case.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WINDOM. The Senate, as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, struck out on line forty-
four the word "three" and inserted "two."
I was not in at the time when the bill was re-
ported or 1 would have reserved a separate
vote on that proposition. The Committee on
Appropriatious desired a separate vote on
that amendment. Tho committee desire that
"three" shall remain as originally in the bill.
If in order, I make that motion, but I doubt
whether it is in order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will entertain the motion. It is proposed in
line forty-fonr, in the appropriations for the
folding-room of the Senate, to strike out'" two "
and insert "three" before the word "mes-
sengers."
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. That is to cor-
rect a mistake.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WINDOM. Now, in line forty-six I
move to strike out the word "twenty" and
insert '• nineteen," so as to conform to the
amendment just agreed to.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SAWYER. I send -to the Chair an
amendment which 1 have been requested to
offer by the Committee on Education and
Labor, or rather several amendments.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The first
amendment will be read.
The Chief Clerk. It is proposed in line
twelve hundred and eighty-two, on page 53,
in the appropriations for the Bureau of Edu-
cation,to strike out " one " and insert "two;"
so as to increase the number to two clerks of
class four.
Mr. DAVIS. I want to know how that
affects the bill.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I think the
Senator from South Carolina had better state
his general proposition.
Mr. SAWYER. I may as well state that
these series of amendments involve a larger
appropriation for the Bureau of Education for
clerical labor.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. By how much ?
Mr. SAWYER. To the amount of about
$7,000. With a view to enlighten the Senate
on the necessity of the case, I send to the
Clerk to be read an extract from the report
of the Secretary of the Interior.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
"The great increase of interest in education
throughout the country in the last few years is
gratifying to every sincere patriot. Of this increase
I believe the Bureau of Education is one of the
principal exciting causes, and the hearty indorse-
ment of tho office by educators of every section and
every sort of institution is a fitting recognition.
"The business of the office has increased so rap-
idly during tho past year tbat twenty-threo hun-
dred letters have been received and thirty-five
hundred have been written by it, an increase of
more than one hundred and fifty per cent, over the
same work last year. More than thirty-three thou-
sand documents have been distributed in the same
time, an increase of nearly two hundred per cent,
over last year.
" The report of the Educational Bureau will show
the amount and character of the work of the office.
No previous volume contains such a mine of educa-
tional facts and statistics for the guidance and in-
formation of the country. I recommend increased
appropriations for the office."
Mr. SAWYER. The various amendments
I have sent to the desk will involve -an addi-
tional expenditure of $7,440 dollars. The
reasons for the increase of the force of that
bureau are stated in the extract which has
been read from the report of the Secretary of
the Interior. They are more particularly
stated in a memorandum which has been
handed me by the Commissioner of Education
himself.
There is no person in the bureau who can
be spared to take charge of the library which
has been accumulating there with considerable
rapidity, now consistiug of two or three thou-
sand bound volumes and six orseven thousand
pamphlets, which require classification, index-
ing, cataloguing, &c., in order to make them
accessible for the uses of the bureau and the
other parties who have occasion to consult
them. There should be a large increase in
the clerical force in consequence of the large
increase of correspondence arising from the
more frequent applications which are made to
this bureau for statistical information which
is gathered by the Commissioner and his force.
There is also a necessity for a watchman to
take charge of the twelve or more rooms
which are occupied by the bureau, and of a
messenger, there being but a single messenger
at present to take care of the library and do all
the work that is connected with these rooms;
in short, to do everything that is not done prop-
erly by the clerks.
In view of the great good which it is believed
this bureau is doing, I think it but fair tbat
this increased appropriation should be allowed.
Iam not in a condition to-day to speak as
long as I could desire; but I think I could
convince the Senate that it is entirely a proper
appropriation to admit. I trust the Senate
will agree to it.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, Idonotknow
to what increase of clerks this will lead, but I
am informed that the Committee on Appro-
priations considered the proposition and de-
clined to agree to it. It will lead to consider-
able expense, and the first amendment of
course will lead to others. I hope, therefore,
it will not be adapted.
Mr. SAWYER. The entire increase of
