1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
903
appropriation, if all the amendments I have
sent to the desk be adopted, amounts to $7,440.
The present appropriation is about $34,000 if
I remember rightly. It is a very small sum
when you take into consideration the fact that
we appropriate five or six times as much for
one bureau without, in my opinion, one tenth
the advantage.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. . I will state in
response to the Senator from West Virginia,
and it is proper that the Senate should know,
precisely what is contemplated. The present
appropriation is $34,850. This proposes to
give an additional clerk of class four an addi-
tional clerk of class two, two copyists, one
watchman, and one laborer, in all it will be
seen six persons, increasing the amount by
$7,440, making the whole appropriation about
$42,000. The Committee on Appropriations
did not see fit to grant this increase. It is not
the business of that committee to judge what
the public service ought to be, but to appro-
priate for it as the law stands ; and thereupon
my honorable friend, the chairman of the
Committee on Education and Labor, who feels
especially charged with the duty of seeing that
this bureau with other Departments and this
particularly was provided for, has felt it his
duty to move this amendment. The Senate
has the whole facts and must judge for itself
whether it is proper or not. The Committee
on Appropriations have no information that is
not in possession of the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Ed-
munds in the chair.) The question is on agree-
ing to the amendment proposed by the Sen-
ator from South Carolina.
Mr. SAWYER called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered; and being taken, re-
sulted—yeas 20, nays 24 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Buckingham, Chandler,
Conkling, Corbett, Cragin, Forry of Michigan, Flana-
gan, Frelinghuvsen, Gdbert, Harlan, Hill, Morrill
of Vermont, Nye, Pool, Pratt, Sawyer, Stewart,
Whidoiu. and Wright—20.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Blair, Casserly, Cooper,
Davis, Edmunds, Ferry ofConneoticut, Goldthwaite,
Hamilton of Maryland, Hamilton of Texas, Hitch-
cock, Johnston, Kelly, Machen, Morrill of Maine,
Ransom, Robertson, Saulsbury, Stevenson, Stock-
ton, Thurmnn, Tipton, Trumbull, and Vickers—24.
ABSENT—Messrs. Alcorn. Atnes, Boreman, Brown-
low, Caldwell, Cameron, Carpenter. ClaytoD, Cole,
Fenton, Hamlin, Howe, lewis. Logan, Morton.
Norwood, Osborn, Patterson, Pomeroy, Ramsey,
Rice, Schurz, Scott, Sherman, Spencer, Sprague,
Sumner, West and Wilson—29.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. WINDOM. Is it in order now to move
to amend the text of the bill?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is.
Mr. WINDOM. I move, then, on page 18
to strike out lines four hundred and fifteen,
four hundred and sixteen, and four hundred
and seventeen, in the words "and for addi-
tional clerks and additional compensation to
clerks in his office, $22,500."
I call the attention of the Senate to the fact
that this provision which I have moved to
strike out is the one which authorizes the
Secretary of the Treasury to expend $22,500
in his discretion among his employes. I am
very much of the opinion that there is no more
vicious legislation contained in any bill we
have passed than this. It is very possible that
this amount of money may be necessary, but if
it be necessary the Secretary of the Treasury
can so report to us before the adjournment of
this session, and in some future appropriation
bill we may make the appropriations for spe-
cific clerks, fixing their salaries.
I have entire confidence in the present Sec-
retary of the Treasury, and believe he will
make this distribution as honestly and fairly
as any man can make it; but I think every
member of the Senate will agree with me that
to place a round sum of money in the hands
of any officer to distribute in his discretion is
not the proper mode of legislation. This pro-
vision has crept into our appropriation bills,
and has been enacted for several years, with-
out perhaps attracting much attention; but I
believe that the time has come when we
should make specific appropriations for all
these officers. I am willing to vote this money
if it be necessary, but I am not willing to vote
it in this way; and I therefore have made the
motion to strike this appropriation from the
bill, believing that if it be necessary it can be
acted upon hereafter in a different form.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I trust the
motion to strike out this appropriation will
not be received favorably by the Senate. This
manner of doing business originated quite a
number of years ago, and a sum much larger
than this was then appropriated, amounting, I
think, to $150,000. We have the statement
both of the Secretary of the Treasury and of
the Treasurer of the United States that there
are men engaged in the Treasury Department
who are almost indispensable ; that they can-
not be retained on the salaries fixed by law ;
that it is absolutely necessary that there should
be some fund left at the discretion of the
Department in order to pay these men, who
could obtain at least equal and perhaps greater
compensation for their services under engage-
ments by private citizens. I do not know but
that the amount might now be reduced ; very
likely it might, for I think some of the parties
to whom this additional compensation is paid
have had their salaries slightly increased under
the bill, and those perhaps ought not to receive
anything further ; but I think there should be
some discretion left to the Secretary of the
Treasury in the matter.
Mr. WINDOM. A single word in reply to
the Senator from Vermont. I have heard a
great deal about these indispensable men of
the various Departments. I have no doubt
that some of them are almost indispensable;
but if that be true, as stated, it will be a very
easy matter for the Secretary of the Treasury
to inform Congress before its adjournment
that there are certain persons in his Depart-
ment who should have an increase of salary,
and there will be ample time, in the miscel-
laneous appropriation bill, or some other bill
that may come before us in the future, to
make this appropriation specifically for the
persons to whom it should be given. I
believe that it is the duty of Congress to
inquire where the money appropriated goes,
to whom it is applied, and that no floating
discretionary salaries should be appropriated
to any one.
As I said a moment ago, I do not make this
motion from a want of confidence in our pres-
ent Secretary of the Treasury, but because I
believe that an evil practice has crept into our
appropriation bills, and that now is the time
to stop it. If these men are indispensable, it
is very easy to increase their salaries and keep
them in the Government service. I doubt
very much whether some of those who have
received this money are quite indispensable ;
hut what I want is that, the committees of the
two Houses and Congress shall know to whom
this money is given ; that when we appropriate
$22,000 for clerks we shall know who get it,
to whom it is applied, and have those services
under discussion here, that we may know
whether they should receive it or not. We
have just voted down a proposition offered by
the Senator from Ohio, the chairman of the
Committee on Finance, to increase the salaries
of men whose salaries certainly should be
increased.
Mr. SHERMAN. That was adopted.
Mr. WINDOM. I am very glad it was
adopted. I voted for it, but I did not know
it was adopted. I am in favor of making this
increase (if it is necessary to be made) in the
way an increase has been made by the amend-
ment of the Senator from Ohio. That is the
true way to do it. If there are in the Treasury
Department men whose salaries should be
increased, let us not put it in the discretion of
any man; if we should happen hereafter to
get a Secretary of the Treasury not so fair and
honest as the present one, let us not continue
this evil practice, whereby he may give this
money to his favorites without reference to
the service which they perform. I hope the
amendment will be agreed to.
Mr. CORBETT. If the Committee on
Appropriations would give to the Departments
a sufficient number of clerks to carry on the
business of those Departments there might be
some reason for striking out this provision; bat
it seems to me that when they cut down the
estimates of the Secretary of the Treasury of
the force necessary in his Department, they
ought to give him a certain sum of money, to
be used in his discretion, to supply deficiencies
where it is absolutely needed. Take the case
of the Commissioner of Customs. He asked
for an increase of ten clerks to carry on the
business of the Government in his office. A
business amounting to $250,000,000 is trans-
acted in his office annually, and there are only
twenty-five clerks there now. He asked for an
increase of ten. The committee have given him
butfive. Itseemsto me, therefore, there should
be a sum of money placed at the disposition of
the Secretary, to enable him to place additional
force where it is necessary, that there should
be a fund from which he can draw for this
purpose. I shall therefore vote to retain this
provision.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I desire to say
one word about this matter, and but a word,
as it is understood quite as well by the Com-
mittee on Finance, I suppose, as the Commit-
tee on Appropriations, and they are respons-
ible for it. This is an appropriation which has
been made for several years, to meet what has
been supposed to be an absolute necessity in
the office of the Secretary of the Treasury. It
is against the general policy of the Senate and
the general policy recommended and sustained
by the committee; that is, to provide for the
service specifically, giving to each bureau and
Department the force they want specifically,
and providing for it by law, and then covering
into the Treasury all surpluses, and leaving no
fund for the employment of outside force.
But it has been thus far impracticable to so
revise' the public service as to provide, in the
judgment of the Secretary of the Treasury, for
the clerkships in his Department, so that he
can retain the necessary force under him
without having this surplus fund.
Under the urgent solicitations of the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, backed by the Committee
on Finance, this thing has been repeated
several years, and the Committee on Appro-
priations did not feel called upon to interpose,
although, as suggested by the Senator from
Minnesota, it is obnoxious to the rule which
generally prevails; that is, that we will make
no provision for the employment of surplus
clerks at the discretion of the Departments.
I state that reason why the Committee on
Appropriations did not see fit to interfere with
the appropriation.
Mr. WINDOM. The argument presented
by the Senator from Maine, it seems to me, is
in favor of the motion which I have submitted.
This discretionary appreciation has been made
for several years. It seems to me it is time
that the Treasury Department had ascertained
where this money is to be applied. If they
have had it for several years, they know to
whom the money has been given ; they know
where this deficiency exists, and the Depart-
ment can very readily recommend to Congress
the increase of salaries of certain persons to
whom this money has hitherto gone. The
fact that it has been used for several years
enables them to indicate just where the specific
appropriation should go.
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Ferry,
of Michigan, in the chair) put the question on
the amendment, and declared that the noes
appeared to have it.
Mr. WINDOM. I call for a division.
Mr. SHERMAN. As a division is called
