904
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 28,
for, I will say a word. Perhaps the Senate
do not understand the precise nature of this
proposition. The origin of this conditional
appropriation was during the war, when certain
officers could not be retained in the public
service, when the Treasury Department could
not be continued on the salaries provided by
law. If Senators will give me their attention
for a moment I think I can convince thein
that for the present, at least, it is necessary to
continue a small amount in the nature of a
contingent appropriation to divide among cer-
tain officers whose salaries are inadequate.
It was found to be absolutely impossible to
conduct the office, for instance, of the Treas-
urer of the United States with the salaries
fixed by law. By the organization of the
Treasury Department in olden times, the office
of Treasurer of the United States in this city
was of very little importance. No money
was brought here except to pay salaries, and
it was a very small affair. By the organiza-
tion now of the Treasury Department, there
are no officers in the office ot the Treasurer
of the United States of higher grade than
probably a fourth class clerk, and there are
certain officers in the Treasury Department
in the office of the Secretary of Lhe Treasury
himself, although they are nothing but fourth
class clerks, whose duties are of a grade and
character far beyond the salaries provided by
law. Under these circumstances, during the
war, when Mr. Pessenden was chairman of
the Committee on Finance, he secured an
appropriation of $50,000 or $00,000, to be
distributed according to the discretion of the
Secretary of the Treasury in a temporary in-
crease of the salaries of certain officers. That
appropriation was continued for some years,
but it was often contested, and finally it was
reduced to $22,000, and the distribution of
that money is as well defined by the Treasury
regulations as the distribution of any other
salaries provided for in this bill.
Mr. W1NDOM. Allow me to ask the Sen-
ator a question at that point. That being true,
why not provide in the bill that the money
shall go precisely where it will go if we make
this general appropriation?
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 will come to that in a
moment. The Secretary, under the terms of
the appropriation mude a few years ago, is
required to send to Congress a precise state-
ment of the disposition of' this appropriation,
and the Secretary has always dflne so, and 1
have sent to the document-room to get the
last report. It shows that certain named
officers who a.ro now classed as lirst, second,
third, and fourth-class clerks, received this
money. Itcannot. exteud to heads of bureaus.
By the terms of the law it cannot be paid to
lhe heads of bureaus. It must be confined to
certain heads of divisions or clerks, and this
money is distributed among them.
Now, sir, I am free to say that if this ap-
propriation is repealed there are certain grades
of officers in the Treasury Department who
cannot be retained there. It is true, this is
not the best way to legislate. The Senator
from Minnesota asks me why this has not been
provided for before. We did attempt to do it.
Only four years ago, perhaps on the motion
of the Senator from Maine, (Mr. Fessenden,)
then living, a committee was appointed to
revise and leorganize the various departments
of the Government, and I think it was made a
joint committee; I am quite sure it was.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Yes, it was a joint com-
mittee.
Mr. SHERMAN. The late Senator from
Maine, (Mr. Fessenden,) in the last year of
his life devoted a great deal of time to this
subject, but after considerable labor it was
found impossible to mature a bill. The sub-
ject was so involved in difficult}' that, it was
impossible, and I believe he failed to report
or did not report any bill. In the then uncer-
tain condition of our finances, with our money
depreciated, it was found impossible to frame
a bill that was satisfactory to any member
of that committee reorganizing the various
departments of the Government.
The result was that this plan of placing in
the hands of the Secretary of the Treasury a
small sum of $22,000 was continued from year
to year to enable him to pay those officers
whoso services were absolutely essential to
the Government, and yet whose pay was inad-
equate, and whose pay could not he increased
except by an increase of the salaries of all of
their corresponding grade. For instance, cer-
tain third and fourth class clerks of the Treas-
ury Department now perform the duties of
cashier and other duties that are of the highest
responsibility, and it would be impossible,
without some such discretionary power as this,
to retain these officers in the employment of
the Government. Nearly all of them are old
officers. It is true that this is a discretionary
power that ought not to be conferred upon any
officer, if it could be avoided ; but under the
circumstances it has been continued from year
to year, and unless Senators are willing to
provide by law for an increase of these par-
ticular salaries, designating them by law, I
see no better way than to continue the present
appropriation.
There is no doubt as to who will receive
this money. Twenty-two thousand dollars has
now been distributed for four years to the same
class of persons, and if I had the document
here to which I Have referred I could show
Senators precisely who receive an allowance
from this sura of $22,000. But it is only by
this fund that the Secretary has been enabled
to retain in the public employment this class
of officers whose legal pay is totally inadequate
for the character of services they are called
upon to perform. Personally, as a matter of
course, I do not care anything about this
appropriation except that if this clause be
stricken out the injury resulting therefrom
to the public service will compel some pro-
vision either for an increase of pay to certain
classes of clerks in the Treasury Department,
or it may compel us to lose the valuable ser-
vices of these persons.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let me ask the Senator
from Ohio, if he wili permit me, why we can-
not provide for this in the bill that was re-
ported by hiin from the Finance Committee
on the subject of salaries? Knowing who the
officers are to whom this money must necessa-
rily be paid as a just compensation for what
their services are worth, why cannot we, by
an amendment to that bill, provide that the
salaries of that immediate set of clerks, or
whatever they may bo, shall be increased just
by the amount that the Secretary of the Treas-
ury is obliged to pay them for their labor in
order to retain them, if it be necessary?
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator from Ver-
mont is intelligent enough about this matter to
know that that would require a bill to reor-
ganize the Treasury Department, because the
officers whose pay is increased by this fund
are now called third and fourth-class clerks.
We cannot increase the pay of all the third
and fourth-class clerks to this degree. In
order to bring this about, we must reorganize
the Treasury Department by providing for
cashiers and assistant cashiers, and all the
various grades ofolficers that will be more cor-
rectly defined and named in a different way.
Cut when we call upon a thiid-class clerk to
perform the duties of a cashier, an officer who
would get four or five thousand dollars in any
bank in the United States, of course wc can-
not retain him at a salary of $1,600, the
amount we pay to that class of clerks. The
truth is, I do not think the time is opportune
for us to reorganize the whole of the Depart-
ments of the Government. I suggested a mo-
ment ago to the Senator from New York that
if he would offer a joint resolution providing
for a committee at the next session of Con-
gress to reorganize these Departments, and
provide adequate salaries according to the
nature of the services to be performed, I would
support him with great pleasure ; but until that
is done we must get along in the best way we
can. It seems to me that to strike out this
$22,000 now would compel us hastily to pro-
vide for the exigencies of the public service in
some immature measure, or else it would
probably lose to the public service a valuable
class of officers whose pay as fixed by law is
totally inadequate.
With these remarks, as a matter of course,
I leave the question to the Senate.
Mr. SCOTT. I do not know that I have
any objection to the payment of the salaries
that are given under this discretionary fund to
the officers who receive them, and I have cer-
tainly as much confidence in the discretion of
the Secretary of the Treasury in the disburse-
ment of this fund as I could have in any officer
of the Government, but I very much regret
that the Senator from Ohio has not before hira
the report to which he refers, so that we may
know exactly who the officers are who are
entitled to it and who deserve this additional
compensation. If it is proper that there should
be cashiers in the Treasury Department, they
ought not to be called third-class clerks ; we
ought to call them cashiers and pay them for
the responsibility and capacity that are neces-
sary to fill those offices. This provision is
introducing into the Treasury Department
exactly that feature which is complained of so
much in the Army and Navy, of giving an
officer so much as salary and running it up to
double that amount by rations and forage and
all that class of etceteras that are put in to
rnake.up his salary.
I agree with the policy of the motion that
is here made to strikeout from this bill a fund
which has been placed at the discretion of
any Department officer for the purpose of
increasing the salaries of the clerks under
him over the amounts fixed by law. If, as I
have already said, these officers in conse-
quence of their capacity, or of their responsi-
bilities, are entitled to larger salaries than they
now get, let us legislate and give them the
larger salaries by law ; but do not let us place
the head of the Department in an invidious
position, as I think it must be, to select from
his officers those to whom he will give a larger
salary than is allowed by law, leaving upon
the others something in the nature of a reflec-
tion that they are not as efficient or deserving
as those who are thus paid. I cannotsee.it'
this rule is to be observed, why the same dis-
cretionary fund ought not to be placed in the
hands of the head of every Department, why
the Secretary of War should not be permitted
to pay his chief clerk if he is more-deserving
than others, why the Secretary of the Interior,
who has under his control officers who liave
charge of very large trust-funds, which require
capacity and responsibility for the purpose of
their administration and safe-keeping—why
all these officers should not have the same
discretionary fund.
if, as the Senator from Ohio suggests, this
action will at once involve the Treasury De-
partment in confusion by the dismissal of
these officers and it requires modification to
such an extent as to make specific provision
for ail these persons, let us do that, if possible,
during this session ; but so far as the general
principle is concerned, I think we ought to
cut up this idea of having a discretionary fund
which will enable any head of a Department
to single out the officers in his Department who
shall receive greater pay than others who are
classified in the same grade. I do not care
how honestly or how faithfully he administers
that trust, he will be open to the charge of
favoritism and discrimination, and I think we
ought to cut up the opportunity for it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I think so, too ; and the
honorable Senator from Ohio is mistaken, I
