1864
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February ,27,
reversed by the fraudulent manipulation of the elec-
tion.'*
That is the conclusion the majority of the
committee come to that the popular voice was
reversed by the fraudulent manipulation of the
election. Further they say:
44 If the Senate should be inclined not to go behind
the official returns of the election, then the Mc-
Enery government and Legislature must be rec-
ognized as the lawful government of the State, and
McMilien, if regularly elected by that Legislature,
should be seated in the Senate in place of Kellogg.
But your committee believe that this would be rec-
ognizing a government based upon fraud, in defiance
of the wishes and intention of the voters of that
State."
Neither is the Senator's report and his
speech of to-day in harmony. He has brought
forward a bill and has not said one word to us
in advocacy of its provisions, but the conclu-
sion of his speech was that we must recognize
the McEnery government. That is apparently
what he intended; that is what he desires the
Senate to do; and in the face of this very
assertion in the majority report that should
we do so we would recognize a glaring fraud.
I leave the Senate to judge how consistent the
Senator is.
This brings me to some facts that I desire to
state from my own knowledge, and in the state-
ment of which I am sustained by the testimony
before the committee as to the gigantic and
outrageous and unparalleled frauds that were
perpetrated in the State of Louisiana with a
view of carrying that State for the Democracy.
Before proceeding any further, however, as
I open the book before me I will show the
Senate how some parties deprecate congres-
sional interference at one time and solicit it at
another. I extract from the testimony of Gov-
ernor VVarmoth, page 284, of the report made
at the last session to the House of Representa-
tives on the condition of affairs in Louisiana,
the following words:
"The legislative department of the government
is the creation of the people of this State."
Mind you, the Governor of Louisiana was
then protesting against being investigated and
being interfered with by Congress:
"The legislative department of the Government is
the creation of the people of this State, and if the
members of it do not represent them in their in-
tere>ts, in their prejudices, in their purposes, their
virtues, and oven in their vices, that is their misfor-
tune, and the evil can only be properly cured by the
people themselves, in the mode prescribed by the
constitution and laws of this State."
Ob yes, Mr. President, the power of Con-
gress is to be invoked when it operates in
favor of one party, and it is to be resisted
when it operates adversely to that party.
There are people in Louisiana who have no
respect for authority unless exercised in their
behalf, and no regard for law when construed
against their wishes.
Let me show you now how these frauds
were imitated. Let us follow them step by
step in their practice and then see whether any
Senator on this floor can come to a conclu-
sion other than that arrived at by the commit-
tee in their report that the McEnery govern-
ment was conceived in fraud and brought
forth in iniquity.
Governor Warmoth in his message to the
Legislature in 1871, earnestly urged the repeal
of the unconstitutional election law that my
friend from Wisconsin describes. He repeated
that recommendation in 1872. He went be
fore the Legislature at its last session and
commanded them in his imperious manner to
repeal ii, and when they had complied with
bis wishes he put the repealing law in his
pocket to be used or not according to his con-
venience. Now let us see what use he pro-
posed to make of it. I shall read from a well-
worn paper, that did good service in the last
campaign, the speech of Governor Warmoth
to the Democratic party of Louisiana when
they assembled in Lafayette square to ratify
ihe action of their party convention in regard
to the State ticket. Let us see how tbis Gov-
ernor, who proposed that that law should be
repealed, who thought it so obnoxious and
unjust that for two successive sessions he ap-
pealed to the Legislature to repeal it, proposed
to use it when it could be used in the interest
of the Democracy. He says:
" Kellogg was sent here with the dictation of Grant
to his appointees that he should be nominated for
Governor. He had been but three years in this State
when he went away as Senator, and during the whole
time that he has been United States Senator he has
not deigned to spend three weeks with the people
that sent him there. Coming back to be nominated
by Federal power to the office of Governor, it is
now proposed to elect him by the Ku-Klux law,
Federal bayonets, and all those laws that Kellogg
and his friends have cooked up in Washington, in
order to bridle the people of the State and compel
them to go for Grant and his ticket. I say we do
not propose to be thus bridled and saddled with Ku-
Klux laws or election laws, because if it comes to
that, we have got about as good election laws as any-
body. [Laughter, and ' Bully for Warmoth 1']
" Now one word, my fellow-citizens, personal to
myself. A great deal has been said to me because of
my course in relation to certain legislation in this
State. It is known to all of you that I recommended
in no uncertain language to the Legislature the re-
peal of certain laws. The Legislature did, after a
fashion, modify these laws. Those bills hare passed
the Legislature, and are before me for signature,
And now I propose to tell the people of this city,
and through the press, represented here, the people
of the State, the simple, plain reason that I do not
sign these laws. In the first place, they make no
material modification of the old election and regis-
try laws. In the second place, it was intended when
the repeal of these laws was effected through the
Legislature, that instead of them, General Grant
should use his election law upon the people of this
State; and then besides that, the great mass of the
people who have so long demanded the modification
or repeal of these laws have entirely changed their
minds."
Why? Because, when administered ad-
versely to their interests they were odious,
obnoxious, oppressive, and unjust; but when
they are to be administered in their behalf,
oh, what a blessing those laws are !
The Governor went on further to say:
"I have no objection to that going in print. I
have no objection to being perfectly understood
upon this question, and to say that we intend to take
all the legal, all the righteous, all the honest and
fair advantages in this election that our position
authorizes us to take, and we do not intend to have
our ballot-boxes surrounded by United States in-
spectors, United States commissioners of election,
appointed by a Federal judge living in a foreign
State, or surrounded by United States marshals
backed up by Federal bayonets. Threats circulated
through this city recently, and which have gone on
the wings of rumor through this State, that General
Phil. Sheridan was coming here to carry this State
for Grant. Let me tell him it will take more men
than General Sheridan can command to carry this
State for him. We do not propose to have the voice
of this people throttled and put down by Federal
bayonets, and we intend that every white man and
black man in this State shall have the right to go
to the ballot-box free and untrammeled and cast
his vote for the ticket of his choice. And I tell you
and the people of the country that we never will
permit the election in this State to be controlled by
Federal dictation or by Federal bayonets."
Let us see what those " honest advantages"
were. In the President's message, that was
transmitted at the opening of Congress I be-
lieve, communicating information in regard to
the condition of affairs in Louisiana, there
occurs this statement. Mr. Blanchard, the
State registrar of voters, in replying to the
chairman of the State Republican committee,
says:
"Sir: In reply to your communication of this
date, I must respectfully decline compliance with
your request to appoint one commissioner of elec-
tion at each voting place from the Republican party
at the general election to be held November 4,1872."
Is that a fair and honest advantage under
the law ? Is it not to be presumed that the law
intended that these elections should be wit-
nessed and testified to by representatives of
each political party? The State registrar
says: we do not intend to allow you a single
representative to see whether fraudulent prac-
tices are pursued upon the ballot-box ; we do
not want you there ; we do not intend that you
shall be able to testify that there have been
any frauds committed. So much for honest
practice in that regard.
Let us go a little further. Here is a confi-
dential letter of instructions to the eommision
ers and supervisors of election, who are the
appointees of the Governor, as to what they
should do after the ballots were counted.
Remember, sir, these men were all to be of
one party; they were to have no witnesses as
to whether they did deal honestly or not.
What were they to do under the instruction of
the State registrar ?
"I. In counting the ballots after the election, count
first the votes cast for presidential electors and
members of Congress, keeping separate tally lists on
the form (No. 1) provided for that purpose, and
making up and completing the statement of voters
for each poll upon form No. 1."
Why was that? Because under the law of
Congress it was competent for the United
States to have a representative at each one of
these polling places to see that the ballots
were fairly put into the box and fairly counted
out. There was no way of avoiding that; but
how was it with respect to the "honest ad-
vantages" that were to be taken under the
State election law ?
" Then close the box, reseal it, and proceed until
all the national vote has been counted. Then pro-
ceed with the counting of the State and parish
votes, bearing in mind the fact that the United
States supervisors of election and every marshal
have no right whatever to scrutinize, inspect, or
be present at the counting of the State and parish
votes."
These United States officers might be there
to see that the electoral vote and the vote for
members of Congress were fairly put into the
box and fairly counted, but they were not to
be there to see what hocus-pocus was prac-
ticed upon the State ticket. That is one of
the "honest advantages" that were to be
practiced under the election law of Louisiana.
But, sir, I now come to the registration and
election, and let me say a few words in regard
to the registration. If Senators will examine
this tesimony they will find, first, that the reg-
istration officers were all the appointees of the
Governor ; that the registration offices were,
in many instances, located in exceedingly in-
convenient places, almost inaccessible to most
of the population of the parish. One gentle-
man, of undoubted veracity, testified before
the committee that he spent four days and
rode eighty miles trying to find a registration
office ; and we know perfectly well, and the
evidence discloses the fact, that that is but a
sample of the difficulties that attended regis-
tration throughout the State of Louisiana, and
unless a man was registered he was not enti-
tled to vote. Let me give a few instances of the
course pursued in regard to registration. In
the parish of Bast Baton Rouge, which returned
in 1870 a Republican majority of 1,482, the
records of the registration were very conven-
iently lost. It was too large a Republican
parish to trust upon a bona fide registration,
and therefore it became necessary that those
records should very conveniently disappear.
What were the practices under the new regis-
tration ?
A supervisor by the name of Brady, with
a great deal of complacency, opens a regis-
tration office for the accommodation of the
voters of that parish, but taking his cue from
his chief, he says he is going to take all honest
advantage of the law, and he says it is not
fair for him to register a black man in prefer-
ence to a white man. Most assuredly not. So
he commences his practice in this way: a
black man comes up to be registered, and he
registers him; then a white man, and he
registers him ; but directly the white material
runs out, because there are only about one
fifth white men in that parish, and he says,
" I shall not register any more black men,
because I will not give them the advantage of
the white men and lie stops the registra-
tion. And now let me call your attention to
the result. In 1870 that parish polled 2,439
Republican votes and 954 Democratic votes.
Under this new gerrymandering of registration
it returned in 1872 1,644 Democratic and
1,166 Republican. I do not think it is neces-
sary, after the experience of the gentleman
that I have read as to what colored men will
do, for me to assert that it was no.t possible
that the colored men voted for any other than
the Republican ticket.
