1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE).
1865
Mr. MACHEN. Will the Senator allow me
to ask him a question there?
Mr. WEST. Certainly.
Mr. MACHEN. I ask him whether in 1870
there was not a regiment of colored troops
stationed in that parish?
Mr. WEST. No, sir, there was not a regi-
ment there; there were about four companies
located there, andeven if they were allowed to
vote, and I have never seen any evidence on
that subject, their total strength was not over
two hundred and fifty men.
Take the parish of West Baton Rouge. As
long as the Federal supervisors of the election
stood there, the count came out in favor of the
Republican ticket, with the result of seven
hundred majority for General Grant, and then
they turned out the United States supervisors
and they gave the Democratic candidate for
Governor three hundred majority.
Take the parish of Bossier. There were
nine polls established in that parish in 1870
and only four in 1872. All four of those polls
were in the upper end of the parish, whereas
fourteen hundred colored men live in the south-
ern portion of the parish and the greater part
of them were disfranchised by not having an
opportunity to vote.
Mr. TRUMBULL. What parish is the Sen-
ator from Louisiana speaking of?
Mr. WEST. Bossier. Under our election
law there is nothing that requires that any no-
tification shall be given by any officer what-
ever in one of these country parishes as to
where the polls are to be located. We know
what little facilities exist there with regard to
rapid transit in what you may call almost a
wilderness, as some of those parishes are. A
colored man gets up in the morning and goes
to inquire where the polling place is going to
be, and he finds it is twenty-five miles off. Per-
haps by two or three o'clock in the day he
makes the journey and arrives at the polling
place, and finds there such a congregation of
people, that it is impossible to receive all the
votes by nightfall, and it amounts to a virtual
disfranchisement of all those who are disap-
pointed in that manner.
Mr. HILL. I will ask my friend if that be
the case in many parishes, if this inconvenience
occurred in many places, would it not affect
the result of the State election ?
Mr. WEST. There cannot be any question
about that. Where a man lcjses the oppor-
tunity to vote, of course that affects the result
of the election.
Mr. HILL. I mean if through the fault of
the managers of the election matters were so
arranged as to delay voting, leaving large num-
bers without the right to vote, would not that
materially affect the result of the election in
the number of votes cast?
Mr. W EST. The fault of the managers of
the election was that the grand manager
located the polls where the people could not
get at them.
How was it in the parish of Caddo in that
year? The registration shows 3,139 blacks,
and 1,549 whites ; and yet the McEnery party,
forsooth, have the assurance to tell us that
there was 250 majority in that parish for their
ticket. In the town of Shreveport, with a popu-
lation of twenty thousand, only two polling
places were opened, and many black men
were in line when the sun went down awaiting
the opportunity of depositing their ballots, and
were deprived of that opportunity.
Again, take the parish of Natchitoches.
There were four polling places established in
that parish. Jt is a parish of some seventy
miles in length. There was one poll estab-
lished iu the town of Natchitoches, or.e at a
lake, and two in the piney woods at the upper
and lower end of the parish. The supervisor
of registration—here is another one of the fair
aud honest advantages that they took under
this election law—was himself a candidate for
office, and he managed with a registration of
1,875 blacks and 1,486 whites to bring about
a fusion majority of seven hundred, and he
was further sufficiently adroit to elect himself
to the Legislature.
Now for the parish of Rapides: in 1870
there were 1,880 Republican votes in that par-
ish and 1,187 Democrats, since which time the
parish of Vernon has been separated from it,
taking off, as I am informed, the most of the
Democrats. The registration was conducted
under the management of a man by the name
of Hooe, and he registered 1,011 whites and
990 blacks, and the ballot-box turned out
one thousand votes in excess of that, with a
Democratic majority of some nine hundred,
showing that that ballot-box was stuffed over
and above the registration by a thousand votes.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Will the Senator from
Louisiana allow me to inquire of him where
he gets the evidence from the registration as
to the number of whites or blacks? Is it in
this testimony?
Mr. WEST. I get it from an authority that
I consider perfectly competent to give it.
Mr, TRUMBULL. If the Senator is talk-
ing about outside matters, very well. There is
no such evidence here.
Mr. WEST. I do not quote from any evi-
dence. It is from the returns made by the
United States supervisors of registration of the
various parishes.
Mr. HILL. With the permission of my
frieud from Louisiana—I know he does not wish
to commit an inaccuracy in statement—is he
not mistaken in saying that there is a popula-
tion of twenty thousand in Shreveport? Is
he not mistaken by fifteen thousand? Are
there as many there as ten thousand or seven
thousand ? I think the last census will show
that there is not.
Mr. WEST. I have not been to Shreveport
since the year 1865, and then it was a very
thriving, flourishing community, and I have
been told by parties who are familiar with it
that twenty thousand is the average population.
Now, I wish to call the attention of the Sen-
ate to the parish of St. Mary. The vote in that
parish in 1870 was 1,903 Republican and 308
Democratic. The supervisor of registration
at the recent election was one Dr. White, and
he was also, contrary to the provisions of the
law, a caudidate for the State senate, and with
sixteen hundred Republican majority in 1870,
he managed to manipulate the ballot-box so
that General Grant had but six hundred ma-
jority and Governor Kellogg but one hundred
and twenty-seven, and then he drove off the
United States supervisors and returned him-
self elected.
Take the parish of St. Tammany. The com-
missioners of election, appointed uuder this
election law, after they found a Republican
majority for General Grant, refused to go on
with the count for State officers, and the Repub-
lican candidates were deprived of a return of
their majority in that parish.
In the parish of Point Coupee the majority
for General Grant was large, some eleven hun-
dred, but Governor Kellogg only received four
hundred and ten, and notwithstanding that it
gave a majority for General Grant and a ma-
jority for Governor Kellogg, all the members
of the Legislature returned from that parish
were Democrats.
As an instance of how some of these re-
turns were made up, I should like to call the
attention of the Senate to some affidavits that
are here, and I will ask the Clerk to read one
of them. Before he does so, however, I call
the attention of the Senate to the fact that this
is an affidavit in relation to one of the returns
of the McEnery board, showing how those
returns in that particular instance were made
up. It relates to an election held in the parish
of Madison, some one hundred and fifty miles
from the city of New Orleans, and the returns
were sent down to New Orleans to be manu-
factured to order.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
State of Louisiana, parish of Orleans, city of New
Orleans .*
Personally came and appeared before me Robert
H. Shannon, United States commissioner in and for
the district of Louisiana, John P. Montainat, of the
city and State aforesaid, who, being duly sworn, doth
depose and say that during the month of November,
1872, and for four years before, he was a justice of the
peace for this parish of Orleans; that in the month,
aforesaid, after the election held in this parish for
Governor and other State and parochial officers,
44 what date I cannot recollect, but it was while they
were counting the votes at the State-house, at the
Mechanics' Institute, situated on Dryades street,"
one Jack Wharton, also of this city and parish afore-
said, came to my office, situated No. 33 Exchange
alley, near Custom-house street, in thiscifcy and par-
ish aforesaid, and requested that I should go with
him in a certain place in this city of New Orleans, in
order to administer the oath to one of the supervisors
of election in and for the parish of Madison. At
said request I went with Jack Wharton, who took
me in a house situated on Gravier street, somewhere
near Barronne street; the entry-doors were closed,
and at thesignal given by Jack Wharton (three con-
secutive and hard raps) the doors were opened. In
the said room I saw one Cahoon, whose first name I
do not know, but whom I had seen before in this
city; he, the said Cahoon, then and there informed
me that he was the supervisor of election for the
parish of Madison, appointed by Henry C. Warmoth,
then Governor of Louisiana, and that he wished me
to swear him as to the returns of the late election.
Xsaw there several persons whom I did not know;
they were making up tally-lists of the returns of the
election for the parish of Madison. The lists were
signed in blank by the commissioners of election. I
inquired from Cahoon, the supervisor, how it was
that he had not prepared the list and returns in the
parish wfiere he came from. He told me that he could
not countthe votes there; it was a Republican pa.rish,
and that he had to run away because he wanted to
countthe votes, and admit no one except a few,and
he would have it his own way, and would here in New
Orleans return such persons as he thought proper. I
swore him to several tally-lists and returns. I be-
lieve, to the best of my knowledge, that the greater
gart of the tally-lists were yet in blank when I swore
im* JOHN P. M0NTAMAT.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 3d day of
February, 1873.
[l. s.] R. H. SHANNON,
U. S. Commissioner, District of Louisiana.
Mr. WEST. I have not the exact figures
before me with reference to the vote tbat was
cast in that parish; but here is one of the
supervisors of election sent out from the city
of New Orleans; competent men were not to
be obtained in these parishes, mind you, bat
such as would serve the purpose were picked
up in the city, and here is an instance of the
practices of one of them : he held the elec-
tion ; it did not make any difference how many
ballots were put in the box or whom they were
for; he went through the form, and at the close
of the day he packed up his carpet-bag and went
back to Itfew Orleans, and hired a room and
got some sheets of foolscap paper and com-
menced making returns. Here is a justice of
the peace that went there to swear him, and he
shows that they were being made to order.
They were sworn to in blank, and certainly, in
all the evidence of fraud which this testimony
I regret to say unfortunately discloses, there
is none more glaring and more effective than
that.
I referred a short time ago, in the early por-
tion of my remarks, to the fact that the Demo-
cratic board of canvassers rejected and failed
to count the returns of the election in some of
the strongest Republican parishes in the State;
but under the law of Congress there were
supervisors there who kept a tally of the pro-
ceedings. The Republican board in making
their returns were deprived of the votes of
some six of the strongest Republican parishes,
electing, as I understand, some twenty rep-
resentatives. These were the parishes of
Iberville, St. Martin, Heria, Terrebonne,
St. James, and St. Tammany, footing up an
aggregate of 3,661 Republican majority, and
not one of the returns was ever allowed to see
the light to influence the election.
Now, Mr. President, with what propriety
can Senators upon this floor ask us to validate
an election based upon such frauds as I have
recounted here? Even assuming that it is
