1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
$05
think, (although it is very rare that he is mis-
taken,) in saying that there is 110 other possible
way for our meeting this contingency ; that we
are in a sort of legislative nightmare, and we
cannot do anything except to appropriate
$22,000 and let it slide. _ That is the song
that has been sung here since 1866. For six
years we have had this same thing before us. It
was first brought in by the Senator from
Maine, Mr. Fessenden, as a " war measure,"
to use a phrase that has been often used, to
tide over, as he expressed it, the pinch of the
times in the inflation of the currency and the
high prices of living and all that; but the
moment we got to solid peace we could stop
it. But it is like all other abuses of that char-
acter ; the moment it has got a place in the
statute-book it seems determined to stand for-
ever. Now, I hope we shall cut it out, no
matter at what sacrifice at the present mo-
ment. If it is an abuse and a wrong in prin-
ciple, the sooner we cut it out the better it will
be for the public service. And there is no
ground, I believe, for saying that we cannot
at this session from the Committee on Finance,
and upon the bill which the Senator has re-
ported about the salaries of certain officers,
provide for the public service in such a way
as to retain, or to attain, for the public ser-
vice—one or the other—competent officials.
The Senator says we have got to reorganize
the Treasury Department because these are
classified clerks. The Senator has not for-
gotten the fact that in this very body we have
one clerk to whom an extra allowance is made
annually in the appropriation bills contingent
upon the continuance of the present officer.
The Senator can x^rovide in his bill without
the least difficulty, upon the same idea, that
there shall be paid to certain fourth-class
clerks in the Treasury, if it please you, double
salary, to terminate whenever the present
incumbents go out of office, if this is the best
way. There is a precedent for that. There
is not any difficulty about it.
As the Senator from Pennsylvania has said,
the placing in the hands of any man, no
matter how honest he may be, as we all know
the Secretary of the Treasury to be, a sum
of money to be disbursed in his discretion
to clerks and employes in his office, is impos-
ing upon him a most ungrateful and unpleas-
ant task, and he cannot escape from the
accusation and the belief on the part of many
of those who are not favored, as it is called,
that he has done it through personal influences,
perhaps done it through the influence ot
the honorable Senator from Ohio, who^ may
have had a constituent of his iu a particular
place who gets the money 
Mr. SHERMAN. I have not.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I know it perfectly well;
perhaps done it through the influence of the
Senator from Vermont, who has a constituent
holding a place there, and who goes to the
Secretary and says—-I withdraw my illustration
about Ohio, because I see it was offensive to
my friend, although I supposed he would
understand that I only used it as an illustra-
tion 
Mr. SHERMAN. Not at all, except that it
so happens that I do not know a single person
to be benefited by this provision.,
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is exactly my ease,
and therefore I hope I shall not be affected at
using the illustration applied to myself.
Mr. CONKLING. That is the reason you
oppose it. 1 Laughter.]
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is the reason, as
my friend very happily suggests, why I oppose
it I do not "know any ot' these clerks. It 1
did, I should perhaps be in favor ot it. lhat
remark of iny friend from New York ^
much deeper meaning than perhaps he intended
himself.
Mr. CONKLING. No.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Very well; I give him
credit ibr knowing as much as he appear3 to,
then. It illustrates the impropriety oi the
I cannot. My friend
am in the middle of a
whole thing. I oppose this, as my friend
suggests, because I do not know anybody;
therefore he is in favor of it, because he does
know somebody who is to be the recipient of
his gracious favor in seeing the Secretary of
the Treasuryand sayingto him, "Why, Smith,
or Jones," or whatever his name may be,
"from the State of New York is a very active
man up there" 
Mr. CONKLING. If my friend will allow
me a moment  
Mr. EDMUNDS.
must excuse me; I
sentence
Mr. CONKLING. I opposed this while
my friend was out of the Senate, and thus lost
the benefit of the opposition which I made
to it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. No, Mr. President, the
real truth is, without any joking about it, as I
say, that the Senator from New York ha3
struck the real morale of this thing by the
facetious observation that he made, and that
is, that if we do have a constituent who is in
the line of receiving some of this money, and
he comes to us to say to the Secretary "this
is a very worthy man," and all that sort of
thing, you know it is very hard to resist it.
None of us know any of these people; but
perhaps somebody in some other branch of
the Government—I cannot say the House of
Representatives, because that would not be
proper—but somewhere somebody knows
these people, and somehow; through personal
representations to the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, he must necessarily disburse this fund.
He cannot disburse it by shutting his eyes and
cutting it into sections and spreading it over
to everybody. If he does, he has merely
increased the salaries of everybody, which is
a base way of doing it.
The idea of giving this money is that there
shall be a selection. Now, then, upon what
principles is that selection to be made? It
ought to be made, of course, upon principles
of eminent public service, preeminent merit,
indispensability, that the office of the Register
of the Treasury, for instance, would break
down entirely unless A B, the head clerk,
should get a thousand dollars of it, and all that.
That is no way to administer a Government,
Mr. President; and I say when this proposition
was brought in by the Senator from Maine m
the first instance, it was brought in with an
apology, not with a justification, and we were
appealed to to keep it for a year or two, until
values should settle themselves so that we
should be able then to go on in the orderly
course of administration and regular appro-
priation. Therefore, I say, by all means let
us agree to the amendment of the Senator
from Minnesota, and then provide, upon the
bill of the Senator from Ohio, for.such addi-
tional compensation in particular offices being
fixed by law and not by discretion, as shall
seem to be meet.
Mr. CORBETT. I cannot understand why
we should strike out this fund without making
any provision to meet the demands of the Sec-
retary of the Treasury and to furnish him suf-
ficientforce to carry ou his Department. There
are certain men in every vocation ot life who
are worth more than others. Y ou have fixeu
uniform salaries for all your employes. Many
of them are incompetent to discharge the du-
ties ; they are drones upon the Treasury De-
partment and drones upon the Government.
If the Secretary discharges one of these men,
immediately a member of Congress goes to
hini and demands that he be reinstated.
Now, sir, if it be true, as no doubt it is, that
the Secretary of the Treasury cannot retain
certain men to perform the duties of the Gov-
ernment, who are efficient, who have capacity,
who can get twice the amount he pays them
in other positions in life, in banks and other
places where their services are required, with-
out giving them an additional amount ot sal-
ary, it seems to me we must make this pro-
vision. Senators here oppose it. I would
oppose it, too, if they would offer any other
way to remedy this evil: but they make no
proposition in this bill to remedy it. They do
not furnish the necessary force; they do not
increase the salaries of these men; and that
not being done the Secretary, I understand,
cannot have the duties of his Department
properly administered without some such fund
as this.
I believe that the State which I have the
honor in part to represent has not an employ^
in the Treasury Department; but I happen to
have known or seen a gentleman who hasbeen
on the Pacific coast to examine into the affairs
of the Treasury there. That gentleman, I do
not hesitate to say, is one of the shrewdest,
most efficient, and most energetic officers that
f know of, and I have no doubt he could obtain
from a banking institution double the salary
he is receiving in his present position. I think
he gets something like $3,500 a year, but I do
not think that any such salary is provided for
officers of his class, and I have no doubt the
increase has been paid him from this fund for
the capacity and the ability he has shown in
the discharge of his'duties. He has saved, to
my knowledge, in one instance a large amount
of money to the Treasury Department in fer-
retting out certain abuses on the Pacific coast.
Now, if it is necessary to employ such men
occasionally, men of preeminent ability, and
send them out to perform these duties, it
seems to me to be necessary that we should
continue to have this fund from which the
Secretary can pay them a respectable compen-
sation. Unless you propose to increase their
salaries in this bill, 1 think it is inopportune
and improper to strike this appropriation from
the bill. If that is done we should certainly
provide some other mode by which the Secre-
tary can retain the proper force in his Depart-
ment. There is no way in which he can do it
unless you increase the force or increase the
salaries of that force. If you increase the
entire salaries of the force, you may increase
the salaries of many of the drones who are not
worth the money they now receive, and who
are not, in fact, many of them, worth the
powder it would take to blow them up. If
you will give him a certain fund from which
he can pay to certain men who are valuable an
increase of salary, he can discharge the duties
of bis Department faithfully and efficiently.
Without that I do not believe that he can.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have now the docu-
ment which I spoke of when I was up before,
showing the exact distribution of this extra
pay. If any Senator desires to look into it,
he will find it here in the document before
me. I find twelve officers, in the office of the
Treasurer of the United States, General Spin-
ner perform the duties of cashier, assistant
cashier, and chiefs of division. There are
fourteen in that office who receive an extra
compensation oatof this appropriation of from
$500 up to SI,000. The heads of important
divisions, who are classified as chiefs of divis-
ions, receive in some oases a considerable
increase. This $22,000 is ail distributed to
officers, most of them well known persons in
the Treasury Department.
It so happens that so far as I can see none
of them are from my own State. I have no
personal interest in any of them, or any de-
sire to increase their salaries. This distribu-
tion has been made for several years. Mr.
Tuttle, the Assistant Treasurer, gets probably
the largest sum awarded by the Secretary of
the Treasury. At any rate he gets $1,000.
The cashier and assistant cashier get. each
$1,000 a year. I have been frequently told
by the Secretary of the Treasury, and by
other officers conversant with this _ matter,
that without this extra compensation it. would
be impossible to retain these gentlemen m
office. They have been tempted by o&ers ot
similar employment by private parties at a
much larger salary. Some of them have been
