1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1869
results that appeared upon the face of the
returns themselves.
In the following parishes the returns of
election are neither signed or sworn to by the
commissioners or supervisors of election:
Catahoula, St. Bernard, and Jefferson. In the
parish of Jefferson apart only of the returns
are signed and sworn to according to law.
The belief was, and that is no doubt the
fact, that so far as the other two parishes were
concerned the returns were manufactured in
the city of New Orleans and not in the par-
ishes at. all.
In the following parishes the supervisors of
registration made oath to the returns after
Governor Warmoth swore he had opened them
and laid them before the Wharton board. He
testified he opened the returns of the city of
New Orleans on the 14th of November. On
examination of the returns those from Carroll
parish appear to have beea sworn to and
signed on the 29th of November, fifteen days
after Governor Warmoth swore he had opened
the returns ; from Pointe Coup6e on the 15th
day of November, the day after he had opened
them in the. city of New Orleans. Carroll
parish is two hundred miles from New Orleans.
Pointe Coup6e is two hundred miles from New
Orleans. In La Fourche, one hundred miles
from New Orleans, they appear to have been
signed and sworn to the same day they were
opened in the city of New Orleans, although
the law required them to be signed and sworn
to in the parish just as soon as the votes were
counted and before they were sealed up.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I presume the Senator
from Indiana, if lie will allow me to interrupt
him, does not wish to misstate anything. He
will surely recollect that it was m the testi-
mony that the whole of the returns were not
received on the 14th. Some of them came in
afterward. That was explained by Governor
Warmoth. It is not inconsistent at all with
the fact that he opened the returns. They
were not all received on the 14th.
Mr. MORTON. Yes, I remember that.
The first statement was, as I remember, that
the returns were received in time, and that
they were opened on the 14th. Afterward,
when attention was called to the fact that
some of these returns were not signed and
sworn to until days after that, an explanation
was given ; but why were they kept open,
those in the parishes, iu the hands of his ap-
pointees ? Let me accept of his explanation.
Why were they kept open? For no other
purpose than for manipulation, because they
were kept open in gross violation of the law,
even giving to him the benefit of his explana-
tion.
In the parish of Iberia, two hundred miles
from New Orleans, the returns were signed
and sworn to on the 13th. In the parish of
East Baton Rouge, one hundred and forty
miles from New Orleans, they were signed
and sworn to the 13th, only the day before
they were opened, as the Governor swears,
and they had not time to take them from the
parish to the city. In the parish of Grant,
three hundred miles from New Orleans, they
were signed on the 13th, the day before they
were opened ; and in the parish of St. Tam-
many, one hundred miles from New Orleans,
on the loth, the day after.
The understanding down there was that
these returns were manipulated in the city of
New Orleans, and (hat they were sworn to
afterward ; in other words, that they were
manufactured, because there could be no ex-
cuse given why these affidavits or these signa-
tures were not attached at the time the votes
were counted.
In all the above parishes, except Baton
Rouge, the .supervisors of registration admin-
istered the oa.li io the commissioners of elec-
tions, which they had no legal authority to do,
and the commissioners and supervisors should
have sworn to the statements at the same time.
The returns from the following parishes are ,
forgeries: Madison, Grant, Pointe Coupee,
and East Baton Rouge. An examination of
the signatures, as stated by witnesses, showed
them to be by the same pen and to be forge-
ries. The returns of the parish of Madison,
three hundred miles away from New Orleans,
were sworn to in the city of New Orleans, and
undoubtedly manufactured in that very city.
The Forman board, in its count, so as to give
McEnery a majority, threw out the following
parishes: St. Tammany, Terre Bonne, Iber-
ville, and St. James.
I submit the question to the Senate whether
that was the larger or the smaller fraud. It
was a gross fraud by which a majority of nearly
or quite twenty thousand was overcome. But
the Senator says if we do not overturn the
State government, turn Kellogg out and put
in Warmoth, we have got to take McEnery.
Taking McEnery is the next very best thing
to taking Warmoth himself. McEnery is the
tool of Warmoth, so known and recognized.
The so-called McEnery government is the cre-
ation of Governor Warmoth. He holds it in
his hands. He breathed in it all the life there
is in it, and if you will recognize the McEnery
government, that pretended Legislature would
on the very next day elect him to the Senate.
They would have done it long ago but for the
fact it was thought it might injure the pros-
pects of that government for recognition; but
the moment it is recognized, it will repay the
Governor for his services by electing him to
the Senate. The Governor appears on this
floor to manage the case and superintend the
argument upon the other side.
Now, sir, let us consider for a moment 
Mr. EDMUNDS. May I ask the Senator a
question before he passes from that point?
Mr. MORTON. Yes, sir.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Suppose that these re-
turns from the various parishes had come into
the hands of the lawful board at the proper
time, and suppose that the lawful board at the
proper time had, pursuant to the State law,
rejected all the returns that they were author-
ized to reject upon their face, and had not put
in any votes that were rejected, and merely
acted upon the papers, how would the major-
ity have then stood as between McEnery and
Kellogg ?
Mr. MORTON. The McEnery majority
would have been overcome, as I understand.
I have not made the calculation myself, but I
believe it would have been overcome. I will
ask the Senator from Louisiana whether I am
not right?
Mr. WEST. Yes, sir.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator is entirely
mistaken.
Mr. MORTON. Very well, I said that I
had not myself made the calculation carefully,
but I am informed that the McEnery majority
would be entirely overcome.
Now, Mr. President, I wish to ask a ques-
tion, because I know that position will be taken
by other Senators, as it has been conditionally
by the Senator from Wisconsin, can we recog-
nize the McEnery government under any cir-
cumstances? What claim has that govern-
ment to recognition under any circumstances ?
First, the votes for McEnery were never counted
by anybody that had authority to count them.
Two men have sworn that they counted them,
and that Governor McEnery had a majority;
but, as I said before, they had no more right
to count those votes than the pages on this
floor, and they never have been counted by
any board that had authority to count them
under the laws of Louisiana, neither the votes
for McEnery nor for the Legislature.
Now, sir, how was that Legislature organ-
ized, and how did it get together? Governor
Warmoth called an extra session of the Legis-
lature of Louisiana, as he had a right to do,
to meet, on the 9th of December, at the
Mechanics' Institute, used as the State-house.
On that day and in that place the Kellogg
Legislature was organised There ^ PO dis-
pute that when the Kellogg Legislature was
organized there was a lawful quorum iu the
senate. A number of newly-elected senators,
agreed upon by both boards and both parties
as having been elected, took their seats in that
body, and forty-five representatives took their
seats there, who were agreed to on both sides
to be elected. It required nineteen senators
to make a quorum. It required fifty-six rep-
resentatives to make a quorum. There were
twenty-seven lawfully elected senators in the
Kellogg Legislature on the first day, and for
three days at least. I state that upon the testi-
mony of Mr. McMillan, the gentleman that ia
here claiming to be elected as a Senator by
the McEnery Legislature; a gentleman now
on the floor. He swears before the commit-
tee that there was a lawful quorum in the
senate of that body when it was organized, and
for several days. He says he doubts whether
there was a quorum of lawfully elected mem-
bers of the house at the time of its organiza-
tion, but he agrees, and they all agree, that
while it only took fifty-six members to make a
quorum in the house there were forty-five
members in the house that day taking part in
it who were acknowledged by both boards and
by all parties as having been elected, and
about the legality of whose election there is no
dispute. There were thirty-one other mem-
bers that took seats there that day whose elec-
tion was disputed on the part of Governor
Warmoth and his friends. But the Legisla-
ture was organized, elected its officers, declared
that it was ready for business, and then each
house became the judge of the election and
qualifications of its own members.
Now, how is it with the McEnery Legisla-
ture? The McEnery Legislature met three
days afterward, not at the time they were called
together by the Governor, not in the place
fixed by the Governor, but in Odd Fellows'
Hall, a place unknown to the law, and three
days afier the time when they were convened
by the proclamation of the Governor. They
met at a time and place, when and where they
had no right to meet.
Mr. SCHURZ. The Senator charges that
the McEnery Legislature did not meet at the
place provided for by law. Does not the Sen-
ator know that that place was at that time
occupied by Federal soldiers, and that nobody
was admitted, except as the testimony runs,
" some of our men."
Mr. MORTON. No, sir, I do not know any
such thing.
Mr. SCHURZ. The testimony shows that.
Mr. MORTON. No, sir; my friend is mis-
taken ; the testimony does not show that. The
testimony does not show that anybody was ex-
cluded after the first day, and the better part
of the testimony shows that nobody was ex-
cluded on the first day. The officer in com-
mand testified that his orders were not to
exclude anybody, and the officer in command
> swears that nobody was excluded ; but he says
his orders were to prevent an unlawful assem-
blage. That was all.
Mr. SCHURZ. Does the Senator from
Indiana really deny that by the order of Judge
Durell, supported by Federal soldiers, the
Kellogg Legislature occupied the State-house
of Louisiana and that any other assemblage
of that kind was by force excluded ? That is
a fact as notorious as the air.
Mr. MORTON. It is not so notorious as
the air, Mr. President; the Mechanics' Insti-
tute was occupied by the Kellogg Legislature
undoubtedly.
Mr. SCHURZ. I should think it was.
Mr. MORTON. And there were soldiers
stationed there that day by the order of Judge
Durell; but the commanding officer testifies
that nobody was excluded so far as he knows.
Governor Warmoth produced two or three
witnesses who said that certain men when they
went there were stopped, hut in every instance
afterward they were allowed to go in, AH that
those soldterti would hw 4o)ie wouid fee
