912
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 28,
ulations for that year; or, as sometimes happens,
the Indians may not require the full amount appro-
priated for them in any one year to be used for them
during that year. In such cases the balance remain-
ing on hand at the close of the fiscal year is car-
ried to the next appropriation. The following year
the full amount appropriated with the balance
remaining on hand from the previous year may be
required, in which case it is used. Should said
amendment remain, these balances, although they
belong to the Indians and not to the Government,
could not be used for the Indians, but would have
to be carried to the surplus fund, and could only be
drawn from theTreasury after being reappropriated.
I would state further that* under the sixth section,
act of July 12, 1870, (Statutes-at-Large, vol. 16, p.
251,) which applies to appropriations made for and
on account ot the Indian service, as well as to ali
other appropriations, funds to a considerable amount
are annually carried to the surplus fnnd.
In view of the foregoing it will readily be per-
ceived that, if said amendment remain, it will entail
a large amount of work upon the Department; it
may result in an injury to the Indians and the ser-
vice, and it cannot by any possibility be of any ben-
efit to the Government. I trust, therefore, that the
mnttcrmny be represented to Congress by the De-
partment in such a manner as will induce that body
to allow the enacting clause of said bill to remain as
it passed the House of Representatives.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
H. it. CLUM, Acting Commissioner.
Hon. Secretary op the Interioh.
The amendment of the Senate was non-con-
curred in.
The recommendations of the committee in
regard to the amendments of the Senate,
numbered two to eleven, were agreed to.
The twelfth amendment of the Senate was
to strikeout "twenty" and insert "thirty,"
' in line one hundred and fifty-three.
Mr. SAIIG3SNT. The committee recom-
mend concurrence. I desire to make a re-
mnrk which applies to this and several others
of these amendments, and I do it in order that
if there be any admonition connected with the
remark it may have its effect. This amend-
ment and several others in the bill are ren-
dered neccssary by mistakes of the engrossing
clerk. It this were to happen wiili reference to
a finished bill the effect might be very serious.
The amendment was concurred in.
The recommendations of the committee in
regard to the amendments of the Senate, num-
bered thirteen to twenty-two were agreed to.
The twenty-third amendment of tho Senate
"was as follows :
Page 55, line thirteen hundred and twenty-five,
strike out. *'$1,314,000" and insert "$900,000;" so
that it will read r
For last of four installments, for purchase ofseven
million three hundt ed thousand pound-s of beef, and
the s>uno quantity of flour, for twenty thousand
persons, under tenth article of treaty of April 29,1808,
and for subsistence of Yankton Sioux, $900,000.
The committee .recommended concurrence
in the amendment, with the following amend-
ment, to wit:
Strike out ali of said amendment, and the whole
paragraph, and substitute in lieu thereof the follow-
ing:
For last of four installments for purchase of beef,
flour, bacon, anil sugar m proportionate quantities
tor twenty thousand persons, under the tenth article
of the treaty of April :29, 1808, and subsistence of
Yankton Sioux, $J,;514,OOU: Provided, That tho un-
expended balance of appropriations h cietofoio made
for the subsistence of the Northern Cheyennes and
Arrapahoes may be used to reimburse theappropri*
ation heretofore made for subsistence of the Sioux
of different tribes to an amount equal to tho amount
heretofore expended from said Sioux appropriation
tor the subsistence of the Northern Cheyennes and
Arrapahoes at the lied Oloud agency.
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. I desire the
gentleman who has charge of the bill to inform
the House why we cannot aiford to agree to
this amendment of the Senate. It reduces
the House appropriation $400,000. I should
suppose the Senate had some good reason for
making that reduction. The Committee on
Appropriations, 1 see, have agreed to recom-
mend that the appropriation shall be restored
to $1,314,000. I should be glad if the gentle-
man from California, who no doubt has the in-
formation, will tell us how the Senate, con-
trary I admit to their usual course, came to
the conclusion that $900,000 was enough. I
should be very glad to vote for the reduction
to §900,000 and save the $400,000 if I could.
My only object in rising is to get information.
Mr. SARGENT. In reply to my friend
from Kentucky, I will state that I also should
be very glad indeed to concur in this Senate
amendment, if I thought it could be done
safely. But having given the matter very
careful consideration since this amendment
passed the Senate, commencing by reading
all the debates in the Senate on the matter, I
am satisfied from an examination of those
debates that the Senate was in error. They
proceeded upon the assumption that the only
articles to be furnished under these treaties to
the Indians—and there are some twenty thou-
sand of them, embracing some nine bands—
were beef and flour, and the calculation which
they made- was that for so many pounds of
beef and so many pounds of flour the prices
were too high, and consequently that-the appro-
priation should be cut down. But in the debate
in the Senate they overlooked the fact, and
there seemed to be no Senator familiar enough
with the subject, or having his wits sufficiently
about him to inform the Senate of that fact,
that we had to give the Indians, in order to
keep them peaceable, tobacco, sugar, and cof-
fee, in addition to beef and flour, and that we
have done so for years past. Now I admit,
and have admitted ou this floor a hundred
times, that the Government to a certain extent
pensions the Indians. We feed them as we
would wild beasts, who would otherwise devour
us. And by this expenditure we prevent
the expenditure of perhaps twenty times the
amount—the precise amount it is impossible
to calculate—for soldiers to subdue them. By
this expenditure we prevent the slaughter of
our frontier inhabitants, being able to keep a
measurable peace with these tribes.
If the amount is cut down as the Senate pro-
pose, and if the beef and (lour simply are fur-
nished, we cannot keep the peace with these
tribes. I have in my hand a letter from Mr.
Welsh, of Philadelphia, and also a letter from
the Secretary of the Interior. And I will say
with regard to this letter of Mr. Welsh, who is a
constituent of the gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia, [Mr. Randall.] that I am accustomed to
repose great confidence in his judgment on In-
dian matters.
Mr. RANDALL. Which is not misplaced.
Mr. SAKGBNT. Mr. Welsh is one of the
laymen of the Episcopal Church, who have
particular charge of these Indians, the Santee
Sioux Indians, and are responsible for them.
I ask that the letter he writes may be read,
although it is a little lengthy, and also the let-
ter sent to me from the Interior Department.
This is a very grave question, whether we can
keep peace there by this expenditure, or
whether we are to have an Indian war. That,
I believe, is the question we have to decide.
The Clerk read as follows:
Philadelphia, January 23, 1873.
* S * i * sjt S * 4 *
From the debate in the Senate it is apparent that
the subject was not understood, owing to the va-
cancy in tho Indian Office and the press of business
during tho short session. The following facts are
no doubt familiar to you, but perhaps T may more
deeply apprehend their importance, as I was twice
on this Sioux reservation within a few months and
am in constant correspondence with the mission-
aries, the Army officers, and the Indian agents, who,
with a single exception, are nominated by the
church oi which I am one of the representatives.
The Santee Sioux of Nebraska, although a few
miles south of the great reservation, were parties
to the peace commissioners* treaty, and are there-
fore maintained from this appropriation. The
Yankton Sioux residing on the opposite bank of
the Missouri river were not parties to this treaty,
and therefore had no legal claim on the appropria-
tions under it. Their annuity being insufficient to
feed, to clothe, to furnish agricultural implements,
and to pay the salaries of the employes andtheother
expenses of their agency, they suffered severely
from hunger, as game had been driven beyond their
roach. This tribe, then numbering about twenty-
five hundred Indiana, although friendly, committed
some acts of depredation, and many of their young
men migrated to the hostile camps and have never
returned* They now number two thousand, and, by
authority of Congress, their food only is paid for
from the general appropriation bill, all their other
expenses being covered by their annuity. If these
Sioux continue to improve for the next, five years as
rapidly as they have during the last two years, they
will be able to contribute largely toward their own
support, and already they are aiding in the civiliza-
tion of their wild brethren with whom they inter-
marrv and exchange visits.
By authority of Congress, the tribe of Ponka
Indians located on the great Sioux reservation are
now being fed'from this appropriation, because their
annuity is only sufficient to pay agency expenses, to
clothc them, and to furnish stoves and a few agri-
cultural implements and other civilizing agencies.
Grasshoppers and hail utterly destroyed their crops;
therefore it was a question between feeding by the
Government or their foraging on the frontier settlers,
as game has been driven too far from them to be
available. This tribe, like its neighbors and friends
the Yankton and the Santee Sioux, is rapidly
acquiring industrial habits and is advantaging by
schools and missions.
The chief part of this appropriation is, however,
expended in feeding the numerous tribes of Sioux
Indians located at Crow crcck. Lower Bruits Chey*
enne river, and Grand river; all on the Missouri
riyer, and at the Upper Brul6 agency, (Spotted
Tail's,) and at the Ognllalla agency, (Red Cloud's,)
both near Wyoming Territory. It should be borne
in mind that a special appropriation was at first
made to feed tho Red Cloud Indians, while now it
is proposed to sustain them from this appropriation.
This humane policy has brought to the Red Cloud
agency many of the Arapahoe and Cheyenne In-
dians who formerly raided on the Union Pacific
road.
The agent writes that several of the worst of them
have become friends in word and in action, and he
begs for the continuance of liberal feeling as tho
only way in which these lawless savages can bo
made to realize that the whites are their friends.
It is estimated that at times this winter over twenty
thousand Indians have been fed at the Red Cloud
and the Spotted Tail agencies. All the Army offi-
cers and members of Congress with whom I have
conversed agree in the importance of this system,
and if the money is expended intelligently and
honestly. Congress will not, I am sure, hesitate to
make sufficient appropriations.
The following is the only plea for this mode of
treating Indians that I am willing to present: ex-
termination is certainly possible ; when a civilized
people occupy land to which an uncivilized people
have a possessory right, or in other ways deprivo
them of their hereditary means of subsistence, the
duty of tho civilized to teed and to teach them other
modes of subsisting is too obvious to need any ar-
gument. Byoqr internal improvements and by the
r.ipid settlement of the country we are destroying
the means by which the aboriginal inhabitants of
the land have subsisted from time immemorial.
If the great Sioux nation, because its supplies of
food arc cut off, is compelled to forage on frontier
settlers, peace cannot be maintained and the War
Department will be compelled to feed them, as it is
not strong enough to protect our enterprising fron-
tiersmen and the Union and North Pacific railroads.
In this event, Indians must leave their reservations
and cluster around the forts, the base of supplies;
demoralization will ensue, and the confidence of
these Indians in the good-will of the Government,
now lapidly increasing, will be lost.
If the North Pacific railroad is to be built and the
country settled,, a large expenditure ot money for
feeding Sioux Indians will be necessary for many
years, unless they are supplied with herds of cattle
for breeding. It is not possible to irrigate any por-
tion of their reservation that I have seen, and the
land is so impregnated with alkali that well water
cannot be used, and rams are so infrequent after the
very early spring that farming has not thus far been
productive. To persons not familiar with the sub-
ject it seems as if it would be cheaper to give these
Indians the bare necessaries of life; but from expe-
rience it has been demonstrated that small rations
of coffee, sugar, tobacco, soap, &c., are powerful aids
in pacifying and civilizing them.
Many Sioux Indians on the most remote reserva-
tions have recently erected log-houses and are now
for the first time well sheltered during the winter,
the agent having furnished the doors, windows, and
cooking-stoves. Schools and missions have been
established at all these agencies, and like civilizing
influences have been promised to Red Cloud and
Spotted Tail during the coming season. The Presi-
dent of the United States made promises of liberal
aid on the part of the Government to the delega-
tions of these Indians if they would cease to rove,
and settle on their reservations. This so-called
humane experiment is expensive; but it is far less
so than any other mode of treatment, as you well
know, and as was testified to by Generals Sherman,
lerry. Augur, and others, in their report when act-
ing as peace commissioners,
Yours, very sincerely,
WILLIAM WELSH,
1122 iS^ruce afreet.
Mr. SARGENT. I ask furthermore that the
letters of the acting Secretary of the Interior
and the acting Commissioner of Indian Affairs
be read.
The Clerk read as follows :
Department op the Interior,
Washixgtok, i>. C„ January 22, 1873.
Sir: In answer to tho verbal inquiry which you
made at the Department on the 21st instant, in rela-
tion to the estimate of appropriations for the Indian
service during the next fiscal year, I have the honor
to transmit to you, herewith, for the information of
tho Committee on Appropriations, a copy of a report
