1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
913
of tbe acting Commissioner of Indian Affairs, dated
toe zist instant, explanatory of the estimates sub-
mitted to Congress for the support of certain Sioux
Indians, and presenting reasons why the amount
therein named, and required for purchasing subsist-
ence for the said tribes, should not be reduced as
p/oposed by the Senate amendment to the bill
Ifo. 23.
The exigencies of the Indian service, in relation
to the Sioux of Dakota, are peculiar and pressing,
and the proposed amendment, if adopted, will ren-
der this Department powerless to providethe neces-
sary subsistence, in fulfillment of treaty stipula-
tions with said Indians, and it must, in such event,
expect the only alternative which a failure to sup-
ply their wants will readily suggest.
I respectfully and earnestly recommend to your
consideration that the sum absolutely necessary for
the purchase of subsistence for the Indians referred
to, be restored to the amount passed by the House
of Representatives, which is indispensable for the
purpose indicated.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
B. R. COWEN, Acting Secretary.
Hon. A. A. Sargent, Committee on Appropriations,
House of Representatives.
Department of the Interior,
Office of Ixdian Affairs.
Washington, D. C„ January, 21,1873.
Sir : Referring to amendmentNo. 23 (lines thirteen
hundred and twenty-five and thirteen hundred and
twenty-six) to the bill making appropriations for
the Indian service for the next fiscal year, by which
the amount for the purchase of beet and flour for
the Sioux Indians is reduced from $1,314,000, to
$900 000, I have the honor to state that, in addition
to the two articles named, (beef and flour,) there are
also to be purchased sugar and coffee and bacon.
The items in the rations issued to said Indians
"were fixed by General Harney when the Indians
were under his charge, and, for obvious reasons, no
change in them has since been made. The amount
asked for (bl,314,000) has heretofore proved insuffi-
cient for the purpose, and any reduction thereof
•would render it impossible for the Department to
subsist said_ Indians until the end of the fiscal year
for which the appropriation is to be made.
The result of a failure to provide subsistence for
these Indians is too well known to require mention
in this connection."
. I respectfully recommend that the Department
invite the attention of Congress to this matter, with
such additional statements respecting the subject as
may bedeemed proper and advisable, with the view
of having the sum for the purchase of subsistence tor
said Indians restored to the amount passed by the
House of Representatives.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
II. R. CLUM, Acting Commissioner.
Hon. Secretary ok the Interior.
Mr. WOOD. I would like to ask the gen-
tleman from California a question, and it is
whether, since the adoption of the so-called
"peace policy," the Government has with-
drawn a single soldier or abandoned a single
fort?
Mr. SARGENT. I believe it has not; but
I desire to say to the gentleman that some
changes have been made.
Mr. WOOD. In what regard?
Mr. SARGENT. Changes from one post
to another, but the extraordinary expenses are
due to the extraordinary exertions of the Army,
which compel us to send them immense sup-
plies of the munitions of war in case of Indian
hostilities.
Mr. WOOD. Why is it that we are com-
pelled to keep up two systems in the settle-
ment of this question, both the sword and the
olive branch? Are both required, thus increas-
ing the annual expenses?
Mr. SARGENT. I will state in answer to
the first branch of the gentleman's question,
that the appropriations in this bill are nearly
a million dollars less than they were last year.
And in answer to the other branch of the
gentleman's question, I will say that we are
dealing with a savage people, and we must
coax and humor them. We treat them as
spoiled children, but we say to them, " If you
will not receive kind treatment, then, to pro-
tect our people, we will use the sword."
Mr. WOOD. Then instead of being moral
suasion it is compulsion.
Mr. SARGENT. It is both.
Mr. WOOD. It is the rifle, whisky, and
threats. It is a proposition to convert the
Indiays by violence.
Mr. SAUGKNT. Undoubtedly there is
foice connected with the system, and there
must be. We are dealing with a people over
whom force must be held, but at the same
42d (Jong. 3d Sess.—No. 58.
time we intend to treat them kindly and
reward them well if they keep the peace.
Mr. WOOD. We have not yet seen any
such results.
Mr. SARGENT. We have had pretty gen-
eral peace for four years.
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. I have one addi-
tional question to ask the gentleman from
California before I can vote intelligently. In
addition to restoring the amount stricken out
by the Senate, the committee have agreed to
the following provision:
Provided, That the unexpended balance of appro-
priations heretofore made for the subsistence of the
.Northern Cheyennes and Arapahoes may be used to
reimburse the appropriation heretofore made for
subsistence of different tribes to an amount equal to
the amount heretofore expended from said Sioux
appropriation for the subsistence of the Northern
Oheyennes and Arapahoes at the Red Cloud agency.
_ Now let me ask the gentleman this ques-
tion : if there is an unexpended balance of
appropriation due to the Northern Cheyennes
and the Arapahoes, why, in the first place, is
it necessary to use the appropriation made for
other tribes, and why is it that we are not in-
formed as to what amount of money it is that
we are endeavoring to vote here when all unex-
pended balances go into the Treasury ? This
may involve hundreds of thousands or millions
of dollars, and it is the right of the House to
know what the amount of these unexpended
balances are.
Mr. SARGENT. The gentleman's question
is a proper one, and I am glad to give him the
information he seeks ; I would have given it
before, but I was afraid of trespassing upon the
time of the House. This amount is not of
unexpended balances of previous years, but
of this year. The Northern Cheyennes and
Arapahoes have attachments to the Sioux,
while they are not Sioux; they are allied to
them by marriage and are friendly to them.
They have taken themselves off to the num-
ber of twenty-one hundred, nearly the whole
of them, from their Northern Cheyenne and
Arapahoe reservation, and have gone up and
joined the Sioux at Fort Hall, and have been
there during this year. Consequently, the
amount appropriated and intended for their
subsistence has not been employed during this
year, because they were not at the place where
they should receive it. The proposition here
is to take the amount appropriated for the
current year for their benefit, and from it re-
imburse the other appropriation from which
they have been fed. They were fed from the
other appropriation because when Indians are
collected together you cannot ask this one if
he is a Sioux, that one if he is an Arapahoe, and
so on, and feed or starve them accordingly. We
have been compelled, therefore, to pay these
Indians with the others, and the proposition
now is simply that the amount heretofore ap-
propriated and unexpended for this year shall
be used to reimburse the appropriation from
which they have been fed, rather than report
a deficiency.
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. Would not this
be the true way to put it, then: "the unex-
pended balance of the appropriation made for
the current year."
Mr. SARGENT. I have no objection to
that; it did not occur to me.
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. It will prevent
the use of language that may be construed
into giving more money than we appropri-
ated for the currpnt year.
Mr. SARGENT. The Indian appropria-
tion bills are passed to carry out- treaty stip-
ulations with the Indians, and run from year
to year. The Indian service is carried on
under that provision of the law which re-
quires that every two years the amount of
any appropriations remaining unexpended
shall be covered into the Treasury.
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. I understand
that. And in the case of the Teton Sioux
§200,000 remain over, and this language
would carry that also.
Mr.. SARGENT. I understand that this
provision of the law applies to the case in
hand:
K„,.Thai,al.1HlanTO,3°f appropriations which shall
have remained on the books of the Treasury, with-
out being drawn against in the settlement of
accounts for two years from the date of the last
fiVIJQ0{Jrl^tlon '.i1'1, Sy shall be reported by
the Secretary of the Treasury to the Auditor of the
ireasury whose duty it is to settle accounts there-
under, and the Auditor shall examine the books of
his omce and certify to the Secretary whether such
balances will be required in the settlement of any
accounts pending in his office; and if it shall appear
taat such balances will not be required for this pur-
pose, then the Secretary may include such balances
m his warrant, whether the head of the proper
Department shall have certified that it may be
carried into the general Treasury or not."
Therefore, it is possible there may be for the
last fiscal year an unexpended balance of $100
or $500 or even $5,000; but it must be very
small, and cannot run more than two years.
Therefore I suggest to the gentleman tfiat the
amendment recommended by the committee
is sufficiently guarded.
Mr. DAWES. If the gentleman from Cali-
fornia [Mr. Sargent] will indulge me. I would
like to make an inquiry suggested by the
remarks of the gentleman from Kentucky, £ Mr.
Beck.] I see in the public prints an uneasi-
ness and restlessness in relation to the opera-
tion of the statute of July, 1870.' I would
inquire if it is the intention of the Committee
on Appropriations to repeal directly or indi-
rectly, or in any way to limit, the provision of
the law in relation to covering the unexpended
balance in the Treasury ?
Mr. S ARGE NT. Not at all ; we are simply
carrying out that provision by providing that
the unexpended balance shall be specifically
reappropriated.
Mr. DAWES. I am glad to have that
assurance from the committee.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I desire to call
the attention of the House for a moment to a
point in connection with this subject. There
seems to have been a misunderstandingbetween
the two Houses in regard to the Indian appro-
priations, and an intimation made that for the
first time this bill was not limited in its appro-
priations to one fiscal year, i understand
from an examination of the Indian appropria-
tion bills that it has been the uniform practice—
I so understand from the gentleman in charge
of this bill, [Mr. Sargent]—not to limit the
appropriations for the Indian service to one
year alone, but to remit it to the two-year
arrangement, as referred to by the gentleman
from California, [Mr. Sargent.] Iflamright
in that I desire the House to understand that
there is no departure in this biil from the ordin-
ary practice.
I will say to the gentleman from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Dawes] that the Committee on
Appropriations regard the law of 1870 in
relation to covering in unexpended balances
as of vital importance to the conduct of our
affairs in the Treasury Department. We have
in no instance, except in special cases where
it is manifestly necessary for the public ser-
vice, departed from that rule.
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. We are asked to
make an increase of $400,000 more than the
Senate proposes, and to give besides the unex-
pended balance. The chairman of the com-
mittee ought to be able to tell us what those
unexpended balances amount to. They may
amount to a very large sum. It was shown
that in the case of the Teton Sioux these un-
expended balances amounted last year to
$200,000 or more. Now, I would like to
know how much remains of these unexpend-
ed balances.
Mr. SARGENT. I can give the gentleman
information as to the amount; I thought I did
when I spoke before. This unexpended bal-
ance is abour, $75,000.
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. I did not hear
that statement. Then we are asked by this
amendment to increase the amount appropri-
