1874
TBI.■COTORES&IQJffAL- GLOBE.
February 27,
■ Now the conflict of authority which rages in
Louisiana comes to us. How does it come?
It comes first in the shape of two candidates
•for admission to the-Senate, who knock at our
doors. It comes secondly in the shape of a mes-
sage from the President of the United States,
who sets forth-the disturbed condition of things
' in Louisiana and asks that Congress- take
action. Let us see what jurisdiction we have
in this case.
The jurisdiction we can.exercise may .spring
from three sources. One is our constitutional
power to judge of the election of our own
members; therefore, to decide which of the
two candidates for admission is legally elected
and entitled to his' seat <Jn '.his floor. The
seeond source of jurisdiction in this case is the
fact that a Federal judge, supported by the
national Executive, has committed an act of
gross usurpation, and by that act of usurpation
has interfered with the affairs of a State in. its
ligitimate sphere. The third source of juris-
diction from which our action may flow is.our
duty to guaranty to each State of this Union
a republican form of government. As I con-
ceive it, no other source of jurisdiction - is
imaginable. Onr authority to act must flow
from one or more of these three.
Let us consider the third one first, our duty
to guaranty to each State of this Union a
republican form of government. I take it that
this .duty and our action in performance of it
is clearly and strictly confined to eases where
there is no rightful republican government in
a State. Is this the case in Louisiana 1 Let
us see. What is wanting to a rightful repub-
lican government in Louisiana ? There has
been an election, an election of Governor,
State officers, and members of the Legislature.
Nobody denies that. There are returns legal
in form, and nobody denies that. There has
been a returning board which, as the majority
report says, had color of law ; and I think
tiobody denies that. -Have those returns been
legally canvassed ? One party says they have;
the other party says they have not been; but
inasmuch as the- returns are in undoubted
existence, and I believe even thatour.commit-
tee had them in their hands, the returns can
at anytime be legally canvassed as soon as
there is a recognized legal authority to do it.
There have been, therefore, all the preliminary
operations there from which a rightful repub-
lican government in the State of Louisiana
can spring. There is not a single one miss-
ing.
If there is no rightful republican governmen t
in Louisiana in undisputed exercise of author-
ity, whose fault is it ? It is not the fault of
those who have thus been rightfully elected,
not the fault of those who claim the Govern-
orship, the State offices, and seats in the Legis-
lature by virtue of that election ; but it is the
fault of that Federal judge who, by his usurping
interference, supported by Federal- bayonets,
prevented that rightful republican government
from assuming and exercising its rightful
powers.
The majority report says, and here I quote
its language, but for this usurping interference
" the McEnery government would have peace-
ably and quietly entered upon the discharge
of its functions." That is what the majority
report states. Federal usurpation and force,
then, stands directly in the way of the undis-
puted authority o'f the rightful republican gov-
ernment in Louisiana.
But it is said that the elections were carried
frauduently. I would ask the Senators from
Indiana and Wisconsin where is the evidence
on which that assertion is based? The Sen-
ator from Wisconsin was very candid in telling
us what that evidence consists in, common
Wport, the assertion adduced here that cer-
tain manipulations were resorted to to control
the election, that- in this parish or that parish
a registering office or a poll had been located
at an inconvenient place. Sift all this testi-
mony without prejudice, and you will find that
all that vague and indistinct evidence which
is to 'show that this was a thoroughly fraudu-
lent election came from the very men, such as
Lynch and Bovee, 'who are most nearly inter-
ested in the success of the Kellogg interest, and
were most instrumental in ,the unlawful pro-
ceedings by which that interest was promoted.
Is that not so? Who will deny it ? Reduce
ail this evidence to its essence and you will
.find that most of it is the usual clamor of -a
defeated party. But I want not tobemisun-
derstood. Although there is indeed nothing
definite shown, although we are treated to
bald assertions only, yet I will not deny that
there may -have -been grave irregularities and
a eertain degree of fraud. But admitting that
there may have been fraud, I ask you is it the
office of the Federal Government to-.correct
frauds in a State electio-n? -When there have
been irregularities established in New York,
or Wisconsin, or Pennsylvania, is Congress at
once to pass a bill to -send the military there to
correct those frauds in State elections?
Whence does this doctrine come? When did
it originate? Who ever heard of it ? Nobody
will deny that the question of fraud in State
elections belongs distinctly to the State tribu-
nals • as such. And now I would ask you,
after I have shown that there is a rightful re-
publican government in Louisiana, based
upon a popular election, of which evidence
is given by legal returns, which are to-day
in existence, and upon the basis of which
to-morrow (if it has not been legally done
already) the election of the Governor, of the
State officers, and of the Legislature may be
declared—I ask you what then becomes of the
assertion that in the case of Louisiana we are
to perform our duty to guaranty that State-a
republican form of government ? What have
we to do ? Simply, sir, we have to undo the
usurpations committed by that Federal judge,
with the support' of the Federal military, by
which the rightful republican governmentof
Louisiana was. .hustled out of its place; .we
have to undo those usurpations as much as
they can be undone, and the rightful .repub-
lican government of Louisiana springing from
an election of the people-is primus facie there.
That is all.
The Senator from Indiana admits that the
duty to guaranty a republican -government
does not apply here—so at least I understood
him.—-or if it does apply here, it, musts mean
that we must sustain the Kellogg government.
At any rate, at any cost, that Kellogg govern-
ment must and shall be sustained 1 That is
what the Senator from Indiana insists upon in
the name o'f republican government. Now,
•I. would ask him in all candor is it possible
that that should be-his real opinion ? Will he
tell me .-what requisite of lepublican govern-
ment thatKellogggovernmentposseses? Has
it been elected by the people ? Will even the
Senator from Indiana himself pretend that
the.Kellogg government has been elected by
the people? With all-his courage in making
assertions, and we know that courage to be
equal to any emergency, I do not think he will
go so far as to assert that. Have there been,
returns which show the. Kellogg government
to have been elected ? Certainly he will not
assert that. Has it not been set up without
the least evidence that it has been elected by
the people ? Had the Kellogg government, I
ask, any origin in the world but the usurpa-
tion of a Federal judge supported by the force'
of bayonets? Even the Senator from Indiana
will not assert that it has.
Now, sir, I ask the Senator is a government
which notoriously has not been elected by the
people, but which has sprung from a flagrant
usurpation of power, is that a republican gov-
ernment? And if it is bur duty to guaranty
to each State of this' Union a republican gov-
ernment, can it be in Louisiana by any pos-
sibility in the world the Kellogg government?
It might have been republican enough for the
late lamented Louis Napoleon, to be sure. It
may also be republican enough, for aught I
know, for the Senator from Indiana ; but I ap-
prehend it is not republican in the sight of
the law and the conscience of the American
people. ;
Guaranty a republican government!. Why,
what the Senator,, from Indiana proposes and
asks here .to-night is to guaranty to .the State
of Louisiana .an unrepubUe^n- -government in
the.ext/epaest sense' of pe term,Jn- defiance
of law, in defiance of principle, in defiance .of
every rule of jubljc morality. -
But lie says it has b.een reco^nized bjr* the
supreme court of Louisiaha and .tfi^t givps'jt a
legal title. Let us look at that.. I will not go
again over the same argument made to-day by
the Senator fcom Wisconsin,'who showed that-
the supreme court of that State in this case
had no jurisdiction,, nor over that made by the
Senator from Ohio showing that political ques-
tions have to bedecided-by the .political depart-
ment of the Government, a,nd no! by the judi-
ciary. Let me now—arid! shalrte' obliged to
the Senator from Indiana for his attention for
a" moment—put that matter to a practical test.
There are tw.o candidates here for" admission
to a sgpt in the Senate of the'UrifW States.
One .of tjiese candidates, h&s been elected by
the Kellogg Legislature, for the nextternj, Mr.
Pinehback. ,1 would ask tne "Senator, fropi
Indjana whether he is ^prepared to advocate
the admission of STr. Pmchback to a" seat in
the Senate of the United States? If I under-
stand his report correctly'he is. Now, sir, has
the Senator from Indiana the courage to say that
that, gpntlem^n has J?een elected by a Legisla-
ture that was ever .elected itself?" Will lie tell
us that that Legislature had any warrant fqr
its legislative aujihQrit^ iij a popular ."flection 1
Does fie not know just'.as well' as we d<5," and
is it not admitted'<m ^11 liafids, that those legis-
lators were returned without any c.ount' of" the
YOtes, yirtually without any .evidence that they
had .ever received any, voteg'in the world, upon
mere newspaper reports, wild guesses,,.arid
forged affidavits ? Is the Senator1 from Indi-
ana ready" ,to'say—I'.agk it as an abstract ques-
tion .now—that men 'wjio" have no xot.e:s, who
have no legal returns to" siow, and'are'elected
by guesses, partisan reports, and . affidavits
merely,, and forged affidavits "at that,' are"men
who can make Senators of the United States
and send them upon this floor?
But,if the Senator from Indiana is compelled
to admit that pretended members of a Legisla-
ture without votes and returns.cannot make
Senators of the United States; and that a
usurpation of a Federal judge, which Ire him-
self recognizes as such, cannot give them the
rightful and needful authority, what does ho
rely upon to make good the'_ title' of the Sen-
ator by them fleeted? K decision "o'f the State
supreme court, recognizing a Returning board
which had ffo returns before theih, and that
decision ,of the supreme ' coiirt, as has been
shown,! utterly .voicf for want of jurisdiction.
It is that court, then, which virtually" made
Ray and Pinchback Senators of the United
States 1 .
Now,. I would ask the Senator from Indiana
since when are Senators made and sent here
by States court? Are we controlled in the
constitutional exercise of our duty, acting 'as
judges of the, election of our own members,
by 'the action of State courts ? The Senator
from Indiana will advocate the admission of a
man "who has thus been made by a State court
and by nobody else! We have a report
before us, signed by the Senator from Indiana,
and I think drawn by him, asking this Senate
to go behind the returns and inquire into the
validity of the election of a Senator from
Kansas, and upon the ground of testimony
thus elicited to declare his election invalid on
the ground of" bribery'; But when he looks
behind the returns of Ray and Pjnchb.ack,
does he not find'something worse than bribery I
No.election, no v'ptes, no returns, nothing but
fraud and flagrant usurpation ; and then, to
