1873.
THE ? <X)tfGRESSieSTdL OL0S1.
$8^5
sanctify it all, a decision of a. State court in
itself void for want of jurisdiction. Letifbe
established that Senators can be made in that
way, and you have set up a precedent which,
if adopted as a rule of constitutional construc-
tion, will shake the -whole edifice of'our
republican institutions into dust.
Now, I put it to the Senate, will you present
to ihe country the scandal of admitting Bay
and Pinchback to seats in the Senate .of the
United States, knowing as you do that the
men who elected them were not elected them-
selves, knowing as you do that they have not
a scrap of paper that even pretends to be a
legal return, knowing as you- do that that
Legislature owed its existence to nothing but
an act of usurpation on the part of a Federal
judge? jSo, I trust the Senate of the United
States will never do an aet so preposterous and
disgraceful. But it you do not, what theu?
Will you place yourself m the ridiculous posi-
tion of rejecting Kay and Pinchback on the
ground that that Legislature had no legal exist-
ence, and at the same time, as the Senator from
Indiana-asks you to do, tell the President that
he is right in supporting the Kellogg govern-
ment, which by rejecting its creatures you
declare illegal? You condemn that govern-
ment in one breath as illegitimate, and still,
following the Senator from Indiana, instruct
the President to support the same government
by force of arms ! I trust the Senate will-never
place itself in so contemptible aposition iu the
eyes of the world.
I spoke of one of the three sources of our
jurisdiction in this case : the fact that a Fed-
eral judge, supported by the military arm of
the Federal Government by acta of usurpation
has interfered with the legitimate State au-
thority of Louisiana, putting down a rightful
government in order to set up another. Our
power in such a case is clear and indisputable,
our duty is equally clear. That such acts of
usurpation were perpetrated, nobody denies.
Even the Senator from Indiana does not deny
it, for his report condemns it in the strongest
language.
The solution of the whole difficulty, in my
opinion, resolves itself into a simple perform-
ance of onr constitutional obligation. The
Federal Government having set up a State
government by an act of usurpation, must
undo as much as possible what by that act of
usurpation has been effected, restore as much
as possible the state of things existing when
the Federal judge, supported by the military
force of the Government, committed his mis-
deed. Louisiana had then a rightful Governor.
That Governor must be restored-to his author-
ity, for according to the constitution of that
State, he shall hold his office until his -suc-
cessor is qualified. There was a returning
board at that' time which, as the committee
said, had the authority ol law. If it is so—and
I will express.no opinion on that matter—that
returning board should be restored in order to
return the Votes; the Legislature, according
to those returns, should be convened, and
should at once proceed to the discharge of its
legitimate duties. If, then, afterward the elec-
tion is to be contested, let it be done according
to the laws of the State; let it be done before
the tribunals of Louisiana. That is the con-
stitutional way in which such difficulties are
settled. The committee tells us that there is
one government that has more the character
of a de facto government, based upon usurpa-
tion and force, the Kellogg government, and
•.mother government that has more of the de
jure character, based upon votes and election
returns. Our duty is as clear as sunlight; we
must remove those obstacles which prevent
the government de jure from becoming the
government dc facto.
This is not only the best, but in my opinion
this is the only thing which we can do m ac-
cordance with the Constitution and laws of
the country. And this it is our manitest
duty to do. Lot us call off our usurping judgo; j
let you  soldiers return to their barracks, and
let the people of Louisiana understand and
feel once more that they live under a govertl-
metjt of. laws. "A'.' • '
The Senator from Wisconsin himself, I
judge from his own 'expressions, felt that in
hra bill he had committed a -sort of -logical s alto
morlale. His conclusions Stood in "sfcroiig
contrast to his facts: His:speech-was soad-
m.irable iB its statements-that I am-sineeirely
sorry to be obliged to find fault with his logic.
■Headvoeates the restitution of the lawful state
of things in Louisiana, bat only to a certain
extent. He says restore the Governor wio at
the time of his judicial usurpation -was the
"rightful Governor of Louisiana, ahdVb'o has,a
right to hold his office .until his successor is
qualified, but while restoring hira-at the same
time take the management of affairs in Louis-
iana into your our hands, and this on, the
ground of election frauds of which there' is no
conclusive evidence in this testimony and "which
are asserted only upon the vague .partisan
rumors; and even if they were established,
would clearly fall only under the jurisdiction
of the State authorities.
The Senator admits that if. Congress* be
unwilling to order a new election, that is to
say, to take the State government of Louis-
iana virtually into its own haiids, the McBhery
government must be recognized as existing of
right. The Senator from Wisconsin said to us
in his speech this afternoon, " I judge that it
is now our interest as a party to be honest."
I should -think so. It was always the true in
terest of this or any other party to be honest.
Above all, I believe the Congress of the Uni-
ted States has no higher interest than to be
honest. But if at so late a day we all begin
to recognize honesty as our interest, let us
recognize it also as our duty; and then I would
entreat the Senate of the United States not to
be honest by halves, but to be wholly so. If
we are honest in th® admission of facts, let us
be honest also in our conclusions. If we must
admit that there is a righful republican gov-
ernment in the State of .Louisiana, then let us
have the spirit of men, and say so, and if we
are obliged to say so, then let us not be want-
ing in the courage to act accordingly.
We have to deplore grievous mistakes which
were made in the management of this case.
All these difficulties might have been averted
in the beginning. You all remember when
the usurpations in Louisiana were perpetrated,
the people of that State turned to the Pres-
ident of the United 'States for relief*. They
implored him, if he would not stop the course
of -wrong and oppression, at- least to suspend
his judgment until he should have beard then*.
Like the poor Indians, they looked to him as
theis great father; and as '' the Great Father''
is wont to listen to the poor savage, it was
indeed thought that he might hear them.
Unfortunately he-did not. By a dispatch from
the Attorney General they were gruffly told,
" You had better not come here Urtrouble us.
The President has made up his mind.'' And
another dispatch from the Adjutant General
flashed to the commanding general at New
Orleans the order to support the usurpation
with his muskets.
Wc have been repeatedly told that the
President should not be foand fault with, and
I did not rise for any personal attack. I am !
willing to put the most favorable construction
upon all -the President did. Let it be said
that the President probably thought it was
best for him to support' the courts under atl j:
circumstances. He is 110 lawyer, and possibly
the reasons which might have prevented him
from doing so did not enter into the circle of
his meditations. But he had lawyers around
him who might have advised him better upoa
the subject, and above all things, when that i!
usurpation continued day after da}', when the .
State-house of Louisiana was occupied by Fed- ,j
eral troops for six weeks, 1 think then he j
should have had friends enough to tell him •
! that it waS time to desist. It is the misfortune
of the people''of Louisiana and of- the country
that it was not sO. • I will say nothing more.'
Now we have - a new'manifestation ef the
President's mind 'before -as,- embodied in ' a
imessiige, in which' he tells Vis that unless Con-
gress act, he will feel hirnsSlf obliged to- eon-
timie-Supporting the Kellogg government. Let
us put upon this message" th'e most favorable
construction: that the President begins tto
feel: the mistake which has been hiadej to' Call
it by 'tlie mildest namie, btft that for consist-
ency's sake he will not of bis otvh mbtion re-
trace his steps, which I think would be the
.maaliest'and most patriotic eourse, ahd tkit
be comes to Congress and tells us, '< gentle-
men help me out'of this embarrassment f trfl
me what I shall do, s6 that I may not act upon
my own responsibility."
Now I ask you, ih all the aspects of the case
that have been presented, is.it not our duty to
respond to that call of the President, and m
responding to it to tell him that in our opinion
he has been mistaken, and that it will be no
dishonor in him to retract his errors ? I%e eyes
of the people are now no longer fixed upon
the Executive, but upon the 'Congress of the
United States. '-Having failed at the Whife
House they look to us. What shall we reply
to those appeals that come up to us- from
Louisiana ? Shall we answer them in the lan-
guage of my friend from Indiana, saying.:
" Here a Federal court has interposed, what
the courts do is well done and must be sub-
mitted to. The State court has declared that
government legal, election or nceleetion, and
what a State court decrees is the supreme la*,
you' must and yoii shall submit." I would
invite my friend from Indiana to pause fei
his reckless "piety with the judiciary of this
Republic.
I ask him what is the safety of our rights,
of our liberties, of our property, of our lives?
That safety rests in the impartiality of the
courts of justice. Take the impartiality of
•the courts away, and the safety of our rights
and liberties and property and lives van-
ishes into nothing. But what is the Senator
from Indiana doing? Is he not encouraging
'the judiciary of the country wherever there is a
chance for it to soil their ermine with the'dusfc
of political strife and to become mere weapons
in the warfare of parties? What if the lesson
which he teaches them be followed! I ask
you in all candor what will become of Ameri-
can society? 'Then, sir, before many years,
this country under such a judiciary will m>
longer be' a country fit to live in. - Let him
be careful not to encourage the courts in
indulging':m" that wild riot with party reck-
lessness and fraud and power; for, truly, we
cannot afford to have the judiciary of this
Republic lose of the confidence of the people
still more than lecent events have taken away
from it. Or shall we answer the people of
Louisiana who now look to us, in the lan-
guage of the Senator from Indiana when he
said "submit to the Kellogg government, ille-
gal as" it may be, for if you resist you will be
rioters, and we have muskets with which to
shoot you down?" Sir, it is no'longer the
spirit of rebellion that animates those people.
They'assure us, and to-day the Senator from
Indiana read a dispatch at the desk which
proves it, that even now whenever the Federal
power appears they will submit at once, even
to manifest wrong and oppression. But we
sea there some of that spirit by which a peo-
ple-must be animated to maintaintheir rights
and their liberties,_ arid I would entreat the
Senate of the United States not to crush
out "that spirit, for woe'to the country where it
entirely disappears.' That country will not
long remain a republic. And for that spirit,
which in the name of law demands its rights,
we should have something else than bayonets
and bullets.
The people wh6 now appeal to us for justice
may have been deplorably misguided in times
