1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1877
returns which the law required to be made up
in the varices parishes and to be transmitted
to the seat of government, Mr. McEnery ap-
peared to be elected Governor; and according
to the constitution and the laws of that State, as
I read them, no returning board, even if it were
a constitutional and a rightful one, had the
authority to make any man elected who did
not appear to be in any other way than by
rejecting returns which, upon certain specific
evidence which the law points out, appear to
them to be irregular or fraudulent, or appear
to them not to represent the real voice of a
given parish upon certain grounds of fraud
and violence that are to be proved in a par-
ticular way.
Now, then, I understand from thestatements
in the majority report and from the evidence
that guided by that rule these returns would
show that McEnery is elected. I do not say,
Mr. President, I carefully abstain from saying
that they show what the truth really is, butthat
on the face of the papers rejecting irregulari-
ties and acting upon these returns precisely as
the lawful board by the laws of Louisiana was
bound to do, it wouldappear that this man was
the Governor of that State, and then the law
goes on to provide for contesting the right of any
person who is thus elected prima facie, and I
am now using the very word of the law, that
their certificate shall be prima facie evidence,
that the party thus appearing to be elected is
elected. The law goes on to provide that a
contest may be made. Not a contest here,
Mr. President, in this tribunal, not a contest
at the office of the Chief Magistrate of the
nation or at the office of his Attorney General,
but a contest in the tribunal of the State which
all acknowledge to be authorized to administer
its own affairs. That is the contest which the
Constitution and the laws of Louisiana point
out as the means of ascertaining who in truth
is entitled to a given office after, upon returns
made in a particular way and certified as an
act of administration in a particular way, it
has appeared that a particular man is entitled
to it, although he may not be if, when the proof
comes to be taken in the tribunal and under
the methods provided by the State law, it ap-
pears that he has not received the majority of
the votes.
If that be the case, Mr. President; if I am
correct in this conclusion to which I have
come, of course against my inclinations in
respect to party sympathies ; if I am right in
this conclusion upon this report and upon this
law, then I think it would follow if this ques-
tion were now a new one and the Kellogg gov-
ernment had not yet come in, and we were to
determine the question as we would have de-
termined it on the day when the question was
open in Louisiana, we should be obliged to
say that prima facie McEnery was the Gov-
ernor of that State, and until he should be
ousted by process of law, not administered by
us, not administered by Federal courts, and
except upon one point provided for in the
Constitution, and that point depending upon
exclusions of voters on grounds of race, color,
&c., to be determined by the tribunals that the
people of that State had themselves provided
for such a case, we should be bound to say
that until then we must recognize him so far
as our duties go as being the lawful Governor
of that State.
And that brings us to the question whether
what has transpired while we have omitted to
act has put us in the predicament of being
obliged to do that to-day which we would have
refused to do on the 1st day of December.
If the action of the executive, and I believe
that action, as the circumstances then stood
and as the evidence then stood, is one which
was justified upon the facts that were laid
before him if the action of the executive is
conclnsive upon us, then of course there is
an end of the question. But no man pretends
that it is. I believe every man admits that
it is for the Congress of the United States to
determine who is the chief magistrate of a
State, and that this question is only remitted
to the President as it must be when Congress
is Dot in session, or when, if in session, there
must be immediate action in order to keep up
the relations of the Government with the
States until the judgment of Congress can be
known. I believe there is no dispute about
that.
Therefore, Mr. President, it appears to me
that we are not embarrassed in the legal sense,
and with my view of the propriety of the action
of the President we are not embarrassed either
in a moral or in a party sense, if such a sense
should have any weight here upon such a ques-
tion ; we are remitted to the consideration of
this question as it stood in the first place; and
if we are, can we say that we would to-day set
up the Kellogg government instead of declaring
that it appears upon the papers returned ac-
cording to the laws of that State that one man
is elected, although we believe he ought not
to have been? I think we cannot. I think it
would be a reproach to this tribunal, a re-
proach to this Government, if we effectuate
the transactions that have taken place in New
Orleans under the auspices of the Federal offi-
cer, a judge whose mandates prima facie, at
his distance from the seatof Government, it is
my opinion it was the duty of the President to
see were enforced, and it is my opinion that
if he had failed to do it and had assumed tlje
right to judge himself over the head of that
court deciding, wrongly, he would have been
just as guilty of a dereliction of duty as we
should be now if we fail to deeide aright.
So it seems to me. Therefore, so far as I
have been able to consider this case, I cannot
vote for the proposition which shall for a single
hour put the seal of our approval upon the
Kellogg government, either as <Ze jure or de
facto. It is a government created by the dis-
trict court of the United States for the district
of Louisiana. It is confessed, as it seems to
me, upon the face of these papers and upon
the report of this committee, to be a govern-
ment that could not have rightfully existed at
this moment, a government which would not
in fact have existed but for the extraordinary
and unwarrantable proceedings of a man who
bore the power of the nation in his hands and
who has perverted it.
Let us, therefore, sir, make haste to correct
the abuse which our own judge has perpetrated
in that case, and to leave to the people and to
the courts of Louisiana the same redress that
in Vermont or in New York or in Indiana we
would demand, as it does often happen, as we
know, that if upon the returns the wrong man
has acquired an office, the calm and peaceful
progress of the law of the State will rectify the
evil and republican government will go on.
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. President, I have
approached the consideration of this bill with-
out any feeling either of a personal or political
character. It is a matter of utter indifference
to the people of the United States whether the
Republican or the Democraticpartjrsucceed in
the contest now going on in Louisiana. This
bill can only be justified by the assumptionof
two facts, and 1 have listened to-day to the
statements that have been made on both sides
for the purpose of ascertaining whether there
was in this volume of testimony sufficient proof
of those two facts. The first is that the McEn-
ery government engineered, founded, formed,
conceived, managed by Governor Warmoth
was a fraud. If it was a fraud, as a matter of
course it was void and ought to be set aside,
I have come to the conclusion from the best
opinion I can form, without a more careful ex-
amination than I am able to give it, and relying
very much upon the statements made by our
committee, concurred in by all the members
of the committee except the Senator from Illi- j
nois, that this government is an unmitigated ;
fraud; that the election was engineered, or- '
anized. arranged, managed with a view to
ganizea, arranged, managed witu a view
defeat tue will of the people of Louisiana.
I
am not prepared to state in detail the evidence
to support that opinion, but that is the opinion
forced upon me. That conclusion is reported
to us by the committee after a long examina-
tion, all the members of the committee con-
curring except my friend from Illinois, and he
says that there were frauds and irregularities
there. ,
There is another fact. It is alleged that the
government set up by Governor Kellogg, sop-
ported by the decision of Judge Durell, and
supported also by the decision of the supreme
court of the State of Louisiana, is a usurp-
ation ; of this allegation there is substantial
proof. The papers before us show to a rea-
sonable certainty that the majority of the
votes legally returned were not in favor of the
Kellogg government, and that the Kellogg
government is now a government of the
minority of the votes that were returned.
The proof then shows that as to the McEnery
government the election was so managed as to
defeat the will of the majority and prevent a
fair election, and in the other case that the
actual majority of the votes returned according
to law were not in favor of the government set
up by Kellogg. Those two facts it seems to
me are reasonably established.
Now, what shall we do? Shall we set the
example for all time to come of allowing a
government to be established permanently that
was not elected by the majority of those who
voted? Shall we on the other hand allow a
government to be perpetuated that was organ-
ized, engineered, conceived, and founded in
fraud ? Why, sir, to establish either of these
two propositions is to subvert the Republican
principle. Therefore, I am disposed to acqui-
esce in the decision of the committee that we
ought to set them both aside, under the pow-
ers given to us by the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States to guaranty to the State of Louis-
iana a republican form of government.
Now, one question arises, aud it is the only
question upon which I have bad any doubt.
The machinery of reorganization is amply pro-
vided and very carefully provided in this bill
in a manner that is fair and just to all parties.
A judge of unquestioned character is to pre-
side over it and manage it. One of each
party, having equal powers and functions, are
to organize and prepare for an election, con-
duct it, control it, examine it, and return its
result. That is the best agency and means
that we can provide. But, in the mean time,
who should perform the ordinary executive
functions of the State government of Louis-
iana while this machinery is going on ? There
is the question, and the only question I have
had any trouble about. Shall we restore the
powers of a Governor to Warmoth, who, ac-
cording to the statements that have been made
here, has been the source and origin of the
confusion and trouble in Louisiana? I felt
the force of the objection made by the Senator
from. Indiana when he said that the very first
result of this bill was to restore to power, to
the collection of taxes, the discharge of ex-
ecutive functions, of pardoning convicts, and
all the other powers and influence of the Gov-
ernor of the State of Louisiana, a gentleman
who, according to the testimony of the author
of this bill, has been the source and origin of
this trouble.
It is said that the reason why this is done is
because Governor Warmoth is entitled under
the constitution of Louisiana to hold his office
until his successor is elected and qualified. If
we were working entirely under the laws and
constitution of Louisiana, that might affect it;
but Governor Warmoth has by his own consent,
by his own action, abandoned all claim to the
position of Governor of Louisiana, and two
men disputing the claim, each claiming to be
Governor of Louisiana, are now contesting the
matter before us. So far, therefore, as the old
government of Louisiana is concerned, it seems
to me it has disappeared, it is a thing of the
past; and the question is whether we will
