1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
917
expensive machinery of superintendents and
superintendents' clerks.
The amendment of the Senate was then
concurred in.
Mr. SHANKS. Mr. Speaker, I desire to
offer a proviso to the amendment of the Sen-
ate. Inspectors will amount to nothing unless
they have some books to inspect. There will
be no necessity, as things now are, of their
going out upon the prairies to inspect, for out
there no books are kept, nor are there any
other papers preserved which would show what
was the actual condition of Indian affairs.
I offer the following, to come in at the end
of the bill:
The Clerk read as follows :
Provided 1. That after the passage of this act all
bookfe, records, contracts, bids, or proposals for con-
tracts, alter the s.vme shall have been duly opened,
vouchers, orders, receipts, and papers of every de-
scription whatsoever, that relate directly or indi-
rectly to the payment or anticipated paymentof any
money or other thing of value on Government
account in the office of, appertaining to, or connected
with the official duty or action of any Indian agent
or sub-agent, &hall be public records and open to the
inspection of any person during ail reasonable busi-
ness hours. Any agent, sub-agent, or other person
having charge of the same, who shall, during busi-
ness hours, willfully neglect or refuse to allow such
inspection on the application of any person, shallbe
deemed guilty of a misdemeanor, and, on convictioa
thereof in any court of competent jurisdiction, shall
for each offense be punished by imprisonment in the
penitentiary for a term not less than three months
nor more than one year, and, in addition thereto,
shall be liable in a civil action, either personally or
on his official bond, to a penalty of $100 for each day
that he shall so neglect or refuse to allow such in-
spection, which penalty may be sued for and recov-
ered by any person whatever; and
Provided 2. Thatif any Indian agent, or sub-agent
shall hereatter willfully issue or receive, or shall
knowingly permit any of his einploy6s or subordin-
ates to issue or rcceive, or shall knowingly induce
or permit any person whatever to sign, either as
principal or attesting witness, any voucher, order,
or other paper for tbo payment or receipt, or antici-
pated payment or receipt, of any money or other
thing of value on Government account, or in any
transaction connected with his official duties, with-
out tirst having said voucher, order, or other paper
filled up in full, both as to amount and account, he
shall be deemed guilty of a felony, and, on convic-
tion thereof in any court of competent jurisdiction,
shall, for each offense be punished by imprisonment
in the penitentiary for a term not less than six
months nor more than five years. In any prosecu-
tion instituted under this section of this act, proof
of the issuance, signing, or receipt of any such blank
voucher, order, or paper, shall raise a prima facie
presumption that the same was willfully done, per-
mitted, or induced by such agent, or sub-agent. Any
person (other than those hereinbefore mentioned in
this section) who shall wiiltuliy sign, either as apnn-
ctpal or attesting witness, or who shall in any way
be a party to, or concerned in, (whether ay an inter-
ested party or otherwise,) the preparation, issuance,
or receipt of any such blank voucher, order, or other
paper shall be deemed guilty of a felony, and on
conviction thereof in any court of competent juris-
diction, be punished for such offense by imprison-
ment in the penitentiary as in this section provided
in the case of an agent or sub-agent; and the same
presumption ofawiliiul violation of the provisions
of this section shall apply to such person. If any
person, however, shall inform upon and testify fully,
whenever lawfully called upon so to do, as to any
violation of the provisions of this proviso by any
superintendent, agent, or sub-agent, or other person,
he shall not be liable to prosecution for his part in
the transaction so disclosed ; and
Provided 3. That all distributions of goods, pro-
visions, and supplies tor the several Indian tribes,
whether the same are furnished under treaty stipu-
lations or otherwise, shall be made in public; and
any person shall have the right to keep an account
of the amount, natuie, and quality of the goods and
supplies distributed; and to this end those making
the distribution shall afford all reasonable facilities
for the keeping of such an account to any person stat-
ing his intention to do so. Each agent and sub-agent
shall keep in his office a book, in which there shall
be particularly described, by lot, parcel, weight, qual-
ity, numbei, and amount all goods and supplies re-
ceived for storage or distribution at his agency, orat
the place where the goods and supplies for hisagcncy
are stored, the time when they were received, the
r ei>on fioui whom they weie received, their condi-
tion when received, and also a statement of the dis-
position made of the same, as full and complete as
that herein required to be mado oi their receipt.
Such entries shall be made by the agent or sub-agent
at the time the goods'and supplies are received, dis-
posed o 1, or distributed by him, and immediately
thereafter he shall transmit copies of the same to
the Commissioner of Indian Affairs, who shall cause
the same to be transcribed into a book kept in his
ollioeior this purpose. No disposition shall bo made
of any goods or supplies by way of loan or tempo-
rary accommodation, nor for any other purpose than
that provided by law; nor shall any voucher, claim,
or account tor the payment or anticipated payment
of any money or other thing of value, on Govern-
ment account, be issued or allowed on any other
transaction than the one mentioned therein.
Whenever any contract shall be let to furnish any
goods or supplies for the Indian service, the same
to be purchased in the local markets, or to be fur-
nished as they may be needed or called for by the
proper agent or sub-agent; such agent ®r sub-agent
shall make his requisition in writing upon the con-
tractor, particularly specifying the amount, weight,
character, and quality of the goods or supplies re-
quired, and shall immediatelytranscribesuch requi-
sition in a book kept in his office for this purpose, and
transmit, without delay, a copy of the same to the
Commissioner of Indian Affairs. Each agentorsub-
agent shall also keep in his office abook especially for
this purpose, in which shall be transcribed correct
copies of all vouchors, claims, and accounts (presented
to himor madeoutby himself or any of his employes
or suboidinates) for the paymentof any money or
other thing of value on Government account, or in
connection with his official duties, and immediately
under each a clear and concise statement of his
action thereon. The provisions of this proviso, so
far as the same relate to any agent or sub-agent,
shall equally apply to any person specially or
temporarily appointed, or acting as such. All
books, records, documents, and papers mentioned
in this section shall be public records, and any
agent, sub-agent, or other person having charge of
the same who shall refuse or neglect to allow an
inspection of the same by any person during all
reasonable business hours, shall be deemed guilty
of a misdemeanor, and punished as provided in the
first proviso to this section. Any person mentioned
in this scction or in the proviso thereto who shall
violate any provision thereof (other than the re-
fusal or neglect to allow an inspection of any book
or paper herein declared a public record) shall be
deemed guilty of afelony, and on conviction in any
court of competent jurisdiction, shall be punished
as provided in thesecond proviso of this act. Proof
of the violation of any provision of this section shall
raise a prima facie presumption that the same was
done with guilty intent, and for the purpose of de-
frauding the Government. In all prosecutions under
this section or the proviso thereto the jury may, in
their verdict, fix the term of imprisonment, but
shall not fix a shorter term than the minimum fixed
herein; and if the jury shall fail to prescribe the
term, then the same shall be fixed by the court. No
prosecution under this section or provisos shall be
barred by the statute of limitations until the expir-
ation ol five years from the time of the commission
of the offense. And nothing in this act contained
shall be so construed as to modify, alter, or repeal
any existiog laws or treaty forbidding the intrusion
of unauthorized persons upon lands bet apart as
Indian reservations ; and
Provided 4. That all documents and papers by this
section declared to be public records, and all other
documents and papers of every description whatever
connected with or appertaining to the office, official
action, or duty of any Indian agent or sub-agent,
shall be hccurely kept by the person or officer prop-
erly having the same in charge, and on his suspen-
sion, resignation, or removal from office, shall, by
such person or officer, be safely turned over to his
successor in office. Any officer or person who bhall
willfully and knowingly mutilate, steal, conceal, or
destroy, or attempt to mutilate, steal, conceal, or
destroy, or who, with intent to inutl tte, steal, or
destroy, shall take, conceal, or carry away any such
documentor paper, shall be deemed guilty of a felon v,
and, on conviction, be punished as provided m the
second piovisoto this bection. Proof of the viola-
tion of any provision of this section of thi^ act shall
raise a prima facie presumption that the same was
"done wiiltully and knowingly, and with guilty
intent.
Provided, 5. That, it shall bo the duty of the Sec-
retary of the Troasuiy and the Secretary of the
Interior to transmit without unnecessary delay to
the United States district attorney for tho proper
district, upon the order of any United States court,
or of a judge thereof, certified copies of all vouchers,
accounts, and claims presented to or paid by him on
account of the Indian service therein, which said
certified copies shall be public records in the office
of the distuct attorney, and shall be admitted in
evidence and have the same weight as the originals
in any prosecution instituted under the provisions
of this section. In any prosecution under this sec-
tion where the question of guilt or innocence shall
depend in whole or in part upon the question of
handwriting, or where from any other cause tho
same may be nccessary, the production in evidence
of the original papers deposited in any of the De-
partments of the Government may be required, by
the written requisition of the court having jurisdic-
tion of the case, or the judge thereof, of the head
of tho proper Department. Certified copies of such
originals shall be substituted therefor in the Depart-
ment where the same may be, before the originals
shall bo sent to the judge or court requiring them.
The judge shall see that the originals are carefully
and safely returned to the proper Department, when
their uso as evidence shall have ceased.
Provided 6. And it shall be the duty of the Sec-
retary of the Interior to make and prescribe all
necessary forms, rules, and orders for the proper
carrying out and enforcement of the provisions of
this section and provisos thereto.
Mr. WOOD. Is it proposed to put on this
entire bill as an amendment to this Indian
appropriation bill? If it is, I must raise the
poiut of order.
Mr. SHANKS. I will answer the gentle-
man, if I hu-ve permission, that the Committee
on Indian Affairs has very carefully prepared
this bill.
Mr. WOOD. I rise to a question of order.
Phe SPEAKER? Thegentleman will state
his point of order.
Mr. WOOD. I make the point that this is
new legislation, and not in order on an Indian
appropriation bill.
The SPEAKER. The point is well taken,
and the amendment cannot be received.
The forty-first and last amendment of the
Senate was then concurred in.
Mr. SARGENT. I move the appointment
of a committee of conference on the disagree-
ing votes of the two Houses on this bill.
The motion was agreed to.
order of business.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Mr. Speaker,
the Committee on Appropriations is ready to
proceed with the consideration of other appro-
priation bills, but I understand gentlemen
desire to have a morning hour. The time an
hour hence is assigned for a specific purpose.
If the Committee on the Territories wish to go
on and have the morning hour, I shall not
oppose it. However, if they are willing and the
House is willing, we are ready to take up now
another appropriation bill.
Mr. KILLINGER. I call for the regular
order.
message from the president.
A message from the President was commun-
icated to the House, by Mr. Babcqck, his Pri-
vate Secretary, informing the House that, he
had approved and signed bills of the following
titles :
An act (H. B. No. 2435) granting a pension
to Ann C. Butler;
An act(H. II. No. 2443) granting a pension
to Wesley Hensley;
An act (H R. No. 2445) granting a pension
to Susan Schofield;
An act (EL R. No. 2446) grauting a pension
to Benjamin Clark;
An act (H. R. No. 2447) granting a pension
to Sarah Reynolds ;
An act (H. R. No. 2449) grantinga pension
to Mary H. Barfleft;
An act (H. R. No. 2451} granting a pension
to John Oliver, Louisa Oliver, Robert Oliver,
and Mary A. Oliver;
An act (H. R. No. 2455) granting a pension
to Jerome E. Pampell; and
An act(H. R, No. 2764) making an appro-
priation for the erection of a marine hospital
at San Francisco.
withdrawal of papkrs.
Mr. LYNCH asked and obtained leave to
withdraw from the files of the House the
papers in the case of Mr. G. W. Whitcomb.
admission of colorado,
The SPE AKERiwo tempore, (Mr. Wheeler. )
The regular order being called, the morning
hour begins at two o'clock and thirty-five min-
utes, and the House resumes the consideration
of the bill (H. R. No, 148) to enable the people
of Colorado to form a constitution and State
government, and for the admission of said
State into the Union ,on an equal footing with
the original States. The previous question
has been ordered on the bill, and the gentle-
man from Nebraska [Mr. Taffe] is entitled
to one hour to close debate.
Mr. TAFFE. I yield to the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr Speer,] for ten minutes.
Mr. SPEER. The admission of Colorado
or any other Territory of the Union as a State
is a question not of congressional power, but
of what, is right and expedient, having regard
to the interests of the whole country. Colo-
rado applies for admission here under that pro-
vision of the Constitution which provides that
new States may be admitted by the Congress
into the Union, and her application, respect-
