M78
TUB = €ONO1M33SI0NM/ (HLOBE.
February-27,
recognize for a temporary purpose prior to the
final reorganization of the State government
of Louisiana, the government of McEnery or
the government of Kellogg. *
Now, sir, I confess I do not care much whieh
of these governments are ceeognized forithis
pappose, but we must choose o«e or th&tother.
It appears that the government of Kellogg has'
been recognizodby the President and rightfully
ho:, under the circumstances by whieh he was
sarcounded'.. The Presidenfecould-n'otdo any*
thing else buti enforce-the decrees: of Judge
Dunell. .1 thinkevery gentleman who looks at
this matter with eandor must say that the Presi-
dent, whether a lawyer or not, could not do any-
thing else bnt to nespeet and enforce the order
and the decision of Judge Durell,although our
committee has decided- by a unanimous vote,
all;the members concurring; they agreeing upon
that if nothing,else,"that/Judge Durell assumed
and exercised a jurisdiction not conferred upon
him by law; therefore, in law, his acts are void.
Yet the President was bound to enforce those
orders, at least until the power of Judge Durell
and his jurisdiction had been overruled by some
competent tribunal.
The President has-recognized the Kellogg
government, and rightfully recognized it. The
Kellogg government is also supported by tKe
decision of the supreme court of the State of
Louisiana, by two decisions made under the
circumstances stated by the Senator from Wis-
consin. There it is. It is a government in
actual force, in possession of power, levying
taxes, passing laws, and those laws approved
and ratified by the supreme court of the State.
There is a good deal of force in what my friend
from Indiana says, that there is a government;
and if it were not for the evil example of the
people of Louisiana submitting to a govern-
ment that is declared to be null and void by
our committee, by this bill, and by their report,
if it was not for the evil example of seeing a-
republican government endangered and sub-
verted by the rule of the minority, I should
have no trouble in following the lead of my
friend from Indiana and saying "Let the peo-
ple of Louisiana submit to the Kellogg govern-
ment until they can overthrow it four years
hence." But I appeal to you, Mr. President,
and I appeal to you, Senators, whether it is
wise to set an example in this country of a man
holding the executive power of a State of this
Union for four longyears beyond the reach of
the people, except through the power of im-
peachment, when we are told and believe that
his is the government of the minority, that he
received a minority of the votes east, and that
the returns of the election show that fact. We
cannot afford to set such an example.
Under these circumstances, I' do not think it
is going too far to recognize simply the fact
that Kellogg is in possession of the executive
authority, recognized as the Governor by the
President of the United States and the supreme
court of that State, and lethiin enjoy this power
until by the vote of the people of the S .lie
they decide whether Kellogg, or MeBnery, or
Warmoth, or some one else, shall exercise
executive powers in the future. It is for that
reason that I have offered this amendment
simply to provide for some one to act as Gov-
ernor. It is better that either of these men
should be Governor for the time being rather
than not have some one recognized by the Gov-
ernment of the United States. Let us support
Kellogg, recognize him as being the de facto
Governor, merely for the purpose of enabling
the organization to proceed in due form under
this law.
Mr. STEWART. Mr. President, I am aware
that the questions as presented in this case ore
very grave and important. The Constitution
of the United States provides that the United
shall guaranty to each State a republican form
of government. I understand that the first
element of a republican form of goverment is
that the people themselves elect their officers;
and what we mean by that is, that they shall
choose their officers at a reasonably fair elec-
tion, in which there shall be an expression of
opinion that ean be called with some propriety
the: opinion of the people. Of course Con-
gress must in all cases judge whether that has
been attained. A case' like this, where it is
admitted- on all hands that the people by*
means', of' usurpation and fraud have - been-
denied that right, is the very ease that was
in- the contempiattofi of those who embodied
that provision in the Constitution, when there'
should be a conspiracy to deprive the people
of the right to ehoose their own-officers.
The State of Louisiana was not allowed to
participate in the election of President 5 the
vote of the State was not counted by either
House, npon the ground that there had not
been a . fair expression of-the opinion of the
people. The report of'the committee in this
case holds that there - was no election or a
fraudulent election.' It; is admitted On all
hands that there were many frauds and irreg-
ularities, -enough to destroy the will of the
people and any fair expression in this Mc-
Enery business. He was not elected. Mat-
ters were so disorganized that no board has
counted the votes cast at the election. There
was sach a disorganized state of things, such
a degree of revolution', that there Was no rec-
ognized board in existence to even count the
votes. The allegations are that many of the
votes cast for McEnery were fraudulent. The'
returns of-several of the parishes, it is stated,
have-come in in the same handwriting, the
names of all the parties connected with the
election being in the same handwriting, and
undoubtedly the papex-s were manufactured
in New Orleans. That is stated here and I
believe not denied.
Is that a republican form of government ?
On the one hand, it is admitted that the- elec-
tion was fraudulently conducted. Every con-
trivance was resorted to to prevent the people
giving a fair expression of their opinion.
That is hardly denied. On the one hand was
an organized conspiracy to deny the-people
the right to vote, and on the other a want of
legal forms.
Now it seems to me that we are placed in
this predicament: that by our action we must'
do one of three things. Non-action keeps'
a government in place that did not have a-
majority of the votes; was not elected by the
people. Noti-action does that because the
President tells us that in that event he will con-
tinue to recognize the Kellogg government.
Action to recognize the McEnery government
recognizes and indorses a conspiracy that has
been repudiated by the action of the Admin-
istration, by various judicial decisions, and by-
the action of both Houses of Congress in count-
ing the votes- for President of the United
States.
Then, what is the other alternative ? The
other alternative is to order a new election,
and the committee have very sensibly proposed
to allow the people of Louisiana to have the
right that other citizens of the United States
have, to elect their own officers. I think that
is less arbitrary, a less violation of the Consti-
tution than either of the other proceedings
would be. It seems to me that there is no man
here who can say that the sham of the election
of McEnery, with returns of votes coming in
from a great number of parishes written in the
same handwriting, with frauds innumerable,
without any returning board, should be toler-
ated. To resurrect such an election as that
and give it vitality and place it over the peo-
ple, it seems to me, would be an act of power
quite as serious and much more dangerous
than to remit this question back to the people
and let them say who shall be their rulers. I
see .no other way than this. Non-action is
action. Non-action throws the responsibility
of this question upon the President. Non-
action keeps in power a government not
elected. Action on the other side places in
power a government resting upon fraud, Vio-
lence, and usurpation, arid acts that no' man
can recognize and approve. -: Wheff this ques-
tion comes before us, it seems to me- it is our
duty as men, in the light of the:Constitution,
to give to these people a republican form' of
government and let them vote and choose
their officers. P believe that is our plain duty.
I shall vote every time, with the light! before
me, with the "admitted facts before iftey. to let
the people of Louisiana5 eletft th'eirbwri Offi-
cers, and let them baf&'a, fair election. '■ I
believe it will- give satisfaction there,' and' do
less injury than any other action*you'vcfe,rt-,foke.
' Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President,' I' hope
the "Senate, even at this late hour, will riot take
the declarations that have been mad6 here'as
confessions that there was frdiid in the election
in Louisiana. The Senator from Ohio [Mr.
Sherman] and the Senator from Nevada, [Mr.
Stewart,]'Wh;o I am sure-must tpant' to db
what is right, are suffering' themseWes' to be
misled by the statement that tte election in
Louisiana was an organized 'fraud. Let' me
say to them there is no such proofin this case.
Havfe yon not heard it said here to-night 'that
the bolored people in Louisiana were all Repub-
licans and that they were a majority? Now,
that is not true. The census shows that there
are in Louisiana one hundred and fifty-three
more white than colored male's over twenty-
one years of age. The census was taken m
the summer when "a great mahy of the white
people leave the State, arid it'shows kbout two
thousand more colored than 'white' people in
the State; but of the voters, those over twenty-
one years of age, there are more whites than
colored ; and this book is fall of testimony
showing that from eight to ten thousand colored
electors voted the fusion' ticket. Ope of the
candidates for a State office on. that ticket was
a colore'd man. A great many Republicans in
that State voted what is known as the fusion
ticket.
The statement that the election in Louisiana
was an organized fraud is without a basis to
rest upon. There was a b'oard of canvassers
appointed under a law approved'the 20th of
November,1872. That law required the canvass-
ers to be of different political parties. It was
made' up of Mr. Archibald' Mitchell and F. R.
Southmayd, Democrats 1 B. R. Forman, a Re-
former;; and S. M. Todd and O. F. Hunsacker,
Republicans. Mr. Thomas was originally a
member of the board, "and he with the rest of
us canvassed the vote for the State officers and
Legislature, when he went home and resigned
his place, and Mr. Southmayd was chosen and
qualified to fill it.'' Mr. Forman, as candid and
fair a man as you will find any where, was
before the committee and testified in regard to
the canvass. The Senator from Indiana has
said, and I have no doubt it has Been taken as
if it were true, that there had be$n no canvass
of the votes, that it was only a couple of clerks
without any authority who counted thera. That
is not so. The majority pf the committee say
they were canvassed under color of law. In
my judgment they were legally canvassed.
Four parishes were left,out of the canvass "and
the number of votes in those parishes, Repub-
lican and Democratic, taking the election of
1870, is only about eight thousand, and the
Republican majority in those parishes was less
than half that.
Forman testified that the board—
"Made a calculation of what the vote or result
would have been if all those votes had been counted
or rejected, and it would not have made any differ-
ence in the result on the State ticket. It would have
made a difference in the result of parish officers, of
course, and members of the State Legislature, but
on the State ticket it would not. That was our cal-
culation.
" Qttet/liuit. Do you mean that the vote was bal-
anced?
"Answer. No, sir; 1 moan to say it would not
have changed the fmafresult."
I hope the Senator from Ohio and others
who have spoken in regard to^ this canvass
will listen to me for one moment while I make
a statement. I want to disabuse the minds of
