1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
919
numerous than the House; but if the policy
of admitting these empty Territories be con-
tinued we will have a majority of the States
with a greater representation in the Senate
than in the House; and then we will abso-
lutely have a Government of the minority
instead of the majority.
I am for standing by the Constitution of our
fathers, in its letter and spirit; but I believe
that equality is justice. The bears and the
buffaloes of the Kooky mountains are already
sufficiently represented in the Congress of the
nation, and Colorado should tarry awhile until
her political beard be grown.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SPEER. I ask the gentleman to give
me live minutes more.
Mr. TAFFE. No; I cannot do that.
Mr. SPEER. That is most ungracious on
the part of my amiable friend after he has
interrupted me.
Mr. TAFFE. I accept the compliment
-which the gentleman pays me, but I have to
3'ield now to the gentleman from Minnesota
[Mr. Dukneli.] for teu minutes.
Mr. DUNNELL. I have read the report of
the Committee on the Territories in support
ot'the bill now pending before the House with
a good deal of care, being desirous to vote not
only intelligently but upon the right side of
this question, and I can come to no other con-
clusion myself than that we owe it to this Ter-
ritory to admit it into the Union as a State.
Somewhat has been said during this discus-
sion about the character of a territorial gov-
ernment. Some upon this floor seem to think
that a territorial government is just as good
for growth, for development, for increase of
population, as a State government.
MESSAGE 1'llOM TIIJ'J SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Step-
son, one of its clerks, announced that the
Senate bad passed a resolution, in which he
was directed to ask the concurrence of the
House, authorizing the joint Committee on
Enrolled Bills to correct an error in the en-
roiled bill (S. No. 161) for the relief of those
suffering from the destruction of the salt works
near Manchester, Kentucky, pursuant to the
order of General Carlos Buell.
The message further announced that the
Senate had passed the bill (H. R. No. 3617)
making an appropriation to defray the ex-
penses of the American and British claims
commission, with amendments; in which be
was directed to ask the concurrence of the
House.
The message further announced that the
Senate had passed bills of the following titles ;
in which he was directed to ask the concur-
rence of tbe House:
A bill (S. No. 714) to provide for the erec-
tion of a post offic# at Dover, in the State of
Delaware; and
A bill (S No. 1296) to authorize the con-
struction of a fire-proof building at Lincoln,
the capital of Nebraska.
ADMISSION Of COLORADO.
Mr. DUNNELL resumed the floor.
Mr. ADAMS. I ask the gentleman to yield
to me for one moment, that 1 may ask the
House to concur in the resolution of the Sen-
ate authorizing a correction in an enrolled
bill.
Mr. DUNNELL. I cannot yield now. I
was saying when 1 was interrupted that the
character of a territorial government ought
not to escape the attention of the House during
this discussion.
There are those who seem to think that a
territorial government is just as good for the
development of a Territory as is a State gov-
ernment, whereas the former is peculiar;
has not in it the elements of strength, nor
has m it the elements calculated lo secure
development. Tilt; gentleman from Indiana,
[Mr. Codurn,] the other day, very ably spoke
upon this point, and said that the judicial
department of a territorial government is Fed-
eral, that the executive department is Fed-
eral, and indeed that the legislative depart-
ment is controlled iu part by the General
Government.
Therefore, the territorial government oper-
ates as swaddling-clothes upon the incipient
State. There are others here who look upon a
Territory as though somehow it, were to be kept
out of the Union for an indefinite length of
time. How ought we to look upon a Terri-
tory? As an incipient State, as a part of the
Federal Union, as a part of the Republic, to
be encouraged, to be fostered, to be legislated
for, and to be admitted into the Uuion just so
soon as it is able to take upon itself the
responsibilities of a State.
There are still others who seem to thiuk
that the Republic will take hurt if a new State
should now and then be admitted into the
Union. I ask when in the history of this
Republic it ever suffered one iota by the let-
ting iu of a new State? Not in our history
as a Government has the Republic lessened in
power, iu proper legislation, in character at
home or abroad, by the admission of new
States. The gentleman from New York [Mr.
Potter] the other day seemed to express an
alarm as though our Federal Constitution was
not equal to the emergency of admitting new
States. Why, sir, our Constitution as it were
takes on new power every time that a new
State comes into the Union. You have only
to examine the history of these new States to
see the vast difference between a territorial
government and a State government. For
two, three, or four years prior to its admission
as a State, you will find that nearly every Ter-
ritory stood still. Why? Because it had not
the power of further development; it had
gone to the length of its tether, and to the
length of its opportunities of development;
but the very moment Congress made it a
State, it is in the history of every State thus
admitted, that it leaped forward immediately.
Now, gentlemen complain that there is not
population enough in Colorado for a State. I
insist that the decision of this question is not
wholly dependent upon the question of popu-
lation. There is there a people who have
selected Colorado as their future home. They
responded to the Government when called
upon to aid it in its hour of peril, and they
stood firmly by it. They are citizens of
Colorado, and are as much interested in the
Union, although now a Territory, as though
I it had been fully admitted into the Union.
' They wish lo have a vole here and in the
Senate. They are iu a portion of the national
territory and seek for all the aids which have
come lo other Territories by admission into
ihe U nion. .
The veiy moment we shall admit this Terri-
tory as a State into the Union it will have an
executive, a judiciary, and a Legislature of its
own. It will then be able to take hold of her
own material resources and develop them in
her own way, seeking State honor and State
glory. In the territorial Legislature there is
less of well-directed action, less of State pride.
I might allude to many other embarrassing
circumstances in a territorial condition. T.he
children are growing up without education.
The public-school fund lies dormant, the pub-
lic school lands are unsold ; there are no pub-
lic schools, and the young incipient State is
bound up by these and other disabling condi-
tions.
. The gentleman from New York [Mr. E. H.
Roberts] Ealks a great deal about the compro-
mises of the Constitution. Let me say that
our earlier statesmen did not thus talk about
the Constitution. And tbe gentleman from
New York on the other side [Mr. Potter] who
talked about the compromises of the Consti-
tution nowhere reads in the writings of Silas
\Vri"ht, from whom he received lessons of
Democracy, that he had no faith in the Fed-
eral Constitution, aud that it could not stand
the strain of admitting into the Union one new
State away out on the frontier.
Mr. Speaker, just one word more. Gentle-
men talk about the inequalities of representa-
tion in the Senate. But it must be recollected
that on the floor of this House New York has
thirty-one members; and those eight States
about which complaiut has been made as having
but sixteen Senators have on the floor of this
House a majority vote. The House will take
care of the financial interests of these great
States. New York has never suffered an iota
because of the admission of these new States.
She is imperial, not only in financial affairs,
but in the general business of legislation. She
does not have to rest merely upon her two
Senators. She has commercial power; she
has the advantage of geographical situation;
she has character and renown. She is not
dependent upon a couple of Senators in the
other end of the Capitol. She is able to be
generous; to foster rather thau depress the
Territories. The wealth of these new States
finds its way to the great States.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. TAFFE. I now yield five minutes to
the gentleman from Utah, [Mr. Hooper.]
Mr. HOOPER, of Utah. Mr. Speaker, my
object in rising is not to discuss the question
before the House, but to withdraw an amend-
ment which I offered the other day to this bill.
In moving that amendment, I believed it to be
the right of the people of the Territory of
Utah to be admitted as one of the sovereign
States of this Union. I scarcely can think
that the sentiment, of this House would join
issue with me upon the position that if any
( one of the Territories is ready for admission it
|! is Utah. That she has the population required
j under the provision incorporated in the appor-
tionment bill on motion of the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Potter] is, I presume,
patent to the House. That she has tbe neces-
. sary material development, that she has in-
|l deed all the requirements of statehood, must,
i] I think, be equally apparent.
I; Yet, sir, therS appears to be a fixed and set-
tled opposition to the admission of Utah at
' the present time. I offered my amendment
with no desire to throw any impediment in the
way of the admission of Colorado. I feel a
deep solicitude, not only in her admission, but
also in the admission of each of the Territo-
ries as rapidly as they may arrive at the period
when they shall fulfill the requirement imposed
at the last sessiou. Colorado, sir, is one of
the Territories that are to fill up the broken
link between the Atlantic and the Pacific, and
next westward of her comes Utah, with which
I identified myself nearly a quarter of a cen-
tury ago. Strange as it may seem, although
I have resided in that Territory for a period
!! of time equal to one fourth of the age of the
li Government to which I owe allegiance, yet I
have never had the pleasure, I have never en-
joyed the right of voting for a President of
the United States.
In introducing my amendment I wish to
say that I had no expectation it would be fol-
lowed by one like that offered by my friend
from California, [Mr. Sargent-,] and being
satisfied that this House would not sustain my
amendment save upon the conditions named
in that of the gentleman from California;
knowing at the same time that not one in a
thousand of the people of Utah, at whom the
gentleman's amendment is aimed, would vote
to come into the Union upon any such condi-
tions, I consider it would be a waste of the
valuable time of this House for me longer to
press my proposition. I therefore ask unani-
mous consent of the House to withdraw my
amendment.
The SPEAKER pro tern-pore, (Mr. Wheel-
er.) The gentleman from Utah [Mr. Hooper]
desires unanimous consent to withdraw the
amendment, offered by him. Is there objec-
tion?
Mr. COGHLAN. I object.
