1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1879
some persons as to the character of this elec-
tion. Let ,me read what the Republican, a
paper published in the city of New Orleans,
the' official paper, a Republican paper, the one
that supported General Grant's reelection, and
the leading paper in Louisiana, published after
the election was over, said:
"As it is rumored that the President is preparing
his message frith 'the most kindly sentiments towUrd
the southern people, we deem it a duty to add the
testimony of the Republican aa impressing _ those
sentiments more strongly upon him. This testimony
cannot but from our stand-point be accepted as im-
partial. The Republican, then, assures the Presi-
dent that no people were evermore orderly and obe-
dient to law than the people of New Orleans and
Louisiana in the State and Federal elections recently
held; that the relations between the races are kindly
and cordial, the colored people voting by the side
of the whites openly without military protection,
State or Federal, and free from insult or molestation
whatever. Difficulties which have arisen since the
election are simply official, and are not alleged to
have sprung fiorn any foice orfraud of the people.
The controversy now pending has not arisen from
the casting of the vote but from the counting -of the
vote."
That was published by the leading paper of
Louisiana after the election was over, and I
assure the Senate that there has been no
proof that substantially affects a fair election
in Louisiana. Mr. McMillen testified before
the committee, and he testified with great
candor. The Senator from Indiana has quoted
his testimony to-night. He said that he
thought that some of the persons in the Mc-
Enery Legislature would not be entitled to
their seats on a contest; that prima facie they
were entitled to them according to the returns,
but he thought that some of them had not
been fairly elected; and that has been used
against him here to-night. Now, hear what
Mr. McMillen says in regard to this election:
" Question. Was it the understanding of all parties
that this election in Louisiana was aa peaceable and
fair as you had ever before had?
"Answer. I answer, I think that has been admitted
by all persons and by all the newspapers in the
State.
"Question. Was it admitted in the newspapers of
both parties after the election closed?
"Answer. 'Yes, sir; it was admitted by the New
Orleans Republican repeatedly in editorials after
the election was held and the result generally con-
ceded.
"Question. Was the New Orleans Republican the
organ ?
"Answer. It is the leading Republican paper of
the State and the official organ of the State govern-
ment."
He then gave in evidence the extract I have
read from the Republican.
Mr. Packard is the United States marshal
in the State of Louisiana; he is the chairman
of the Republican State Executive Committee ;
a very active politician, as he admitted. He
was before the committee, and testified that in
the larger portion of the State the election
was as fair a? elections held in any of the
States usually are. Then he was asked as to
how many parishes there were where he be-
lieved there were gross frauds. He stated
seven, and that there had been reports of un-
fairness in ten or fifteen more. Now let me
say to my f iend from Ohio, who starts out
with the assu,option that this election was all
a fraud, that this Mr. Packard (and this is
shown by his testimony) had more than six
hundred special deputies in the city of New
Orleans supervising the election on the day it
occurred. He had from.two to four in every
parish in the State. Some of his deputies
served for seventy days, supervising the registra-
tion and the election.
Let me state another fact. The official re-
turns show that the vote at the last election
was twenty thousand larger than ever before
polled in the Slate. This is official. And yet
the declaration is constantly made here that
the whole f limg was an organized fraud. Such
declarations may be made, but the testimony
does not warrant them. The Senator from
Ohio said it was agreed by all the committee
except myself that the election was an organ-
ized fraud. It is not so. The Senator from
Georgia lias never agreed to that statement.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think the Senator from
Georgia says very nearly that.
Mr. HILL. No, sir.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I wish every member
ofthe Senate, if it were practicable, though I
know it is not, would take this testimony and
look at it for himself. The frauds resorted ,to
to break down the election have' been mixed
up with the election. The false and forged
affidavits that were manufactured were those
presented to and acted on by what is known
as the Lynch board for the purpose of over-
coming theoffieial returns.
Mr. SHERMAN. ' I quoted the Senator
from Georgia, and I feel justified by the lan-
guage he uttered at the very beginning. I
read -his report. He says :
"Assenting, as I do, in the main, to the correctness
of the statement of facts touching the recent election
in the State of Louisiana, and the history of the
legal proceedings connected therewith, as set forth
in the report of the committee, and commending
the just, though severe, criticism of a judioial tri-
bunal, for its improper intervention, I am still of
opinion that the remedy for existing evils proposed
by the committee is of questionable expediency, and
not the most effectual method of restoring order and
quiet to a distracted community."
Mr. HILL. Read the next paragraph, if
you please.
Mr. _ TRUMBULL. The^ Senator from
Georgia is here to speak for himself.
Mr. HILL. The next sentence qualifies
what the Senator has just read.
Mr. SHERMAN. The next paragraph
reads:
" While it must be conceded that the election in
certain parishes was not conducted with entire fair-
ness, and in others frauds were committed, ifc is
nevertheless true, according to the evidence before
the committee, that on the whole the election was
as fair, and certainly as peaceable, as the people of
Louisiana are accustomed to hold. Irregularities1
and frauds in State elections, unfortunately, are
not of rare occurrence beyond the limits of Louis-
iana," &c.
Still there is a general concurrence.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The majority of the
committee were in favor of ordering another
election, but the Senator will observe what the
majority of the committee say ; it is either
that, or a recognition of the McEnery govern-
ment. But let me say to the Senator from
Ohio there is a unanimity of opinion upon the
question that the Kellogg government was set
up by usurpation and by fraud.
I said that the returns had been canvassed;
it will take me but a few minutes to explain
how and by whom. Under the law that ex-
isted when the election was held, the Governor
of the State, the secretary of State, and the
Lieutenant Governor, and .two persons by the
name of Anderson and Lynch constituted the
board to canvass the returns. A controversy
arose as to who should make this canvass,
arising out of a dispute as to who was secretary
of State, which led to the formation of two
returning boards. This controversy about
these boards led to the approval of the law of
the 20th of November, 1872. That law had
been passed by a previous Legislature near the
end ofthe session, and under their constitution
the Governor is permitted to approve a bill
thus passed at any time before the next session
of the Legislature, or he may veto and return
it on the first day of the next session. The
Governor approved this law during the recess
of the Legislature on the 20th of November,
1872, in order to get out of the difficulty which
had arisen as to the canvassing board. The
new law made provision for a board to be ap-
pointed by the senate. When the Governor
approved the law the Legislature was not in
session, and he, as Governor, then appointed
a new board, upon the ground that he had the
right under the constitution, the Legislature
not being in session, to fill the vacancies created
by the law.
The President of the United States has done
the same thing under the Constitution of the
United States, which authorizes him to fill
vacancies. We have passed laws creating
offices, and we have adjourned without having
the appointments made. I never thought the
President had .the right to .fill original'vacan-
cies. I never thought that was the l^iad of a
vacancy which the President had a 'right -to'
fill. I-supposed the word " vacancy " applied
to a case where the office had opce been filled;
but the practice seems to b>e otherwise in Lou-
isiana.
When this law was approved, it repealed all
the former laws in regard to canvassing boards,
and Governor Warmoth then appointed, under
the new law what is known as the De'Periet
board. That board had not been enjoined by .
any of the courts, and proceeded to canvass.'
They had the official returns for the Legisla-
ture, the Governor, and 'State officers. After
the McEnery Legislature' met, composed of a
quorum of members thus elected, they ap-
pointed what is known as the Porman board,
which succeeded,to the board appointed by
Governor Warmoth; and those two boards
substantially agree in their counts. Several
of the members of those boards were before
the committee and swore they had examined
the returns. Mr. Forman.was inquired of if
the tabulation which is here in the testimony
was correct. He said, it was as nearly correct
as human skill could make it; he believed it
to be entirely so. The board state in their
certificate that four parishes_ were left out and
the reason therefor. Here is what they say;
" There being no returns from the parishes of Saint
Tammany and Terrebonne, and only meager anid
informal returns from the parishes of Iberville and
Saint James, we do not take the responsibility to
declare the result of the election in the same, but
postpone action, to await the determination of the
General Assembly."
Mr. HOWE. Will the Senator allow me to
ask him a queAion ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. With great pleasure,
because I have no desire to state anything that
is not sustained by the record, and I should
be glad to have the Senate know exactly how
the record is.
Mr. nOWE. I have listened to every word
the Senator has uttered. He is discussing the
question with remarkable candor. This ques-
tion occurs to me however: There having
been an election held, and a certain result at-
tained in each one of the precincts, and a
record made of that result in the shape of
what you call a return, and there being no
duty for this canvassing board to discharge"as
I understand, except just to read those returns
and foot them up, what practical importance
was there in approving this act of November
20, and creating a special board to do that
simple act.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The reason for it was
this: there had been a controversy ; there
had been two boards organized. The Senator
from Wisconsin knows how that happened, I
presume. I could state it in a moment. As
the law stood when the election took place,
the Governor of the State, the Lieutenant
Governor, the secretary of State, and two gen-
tlemen, Mr. Anderson and Mr. Lynch were
made the canvassing board of the State. The
law provided that if any of the members of
the canvassing board were themselves candi-
dates they should not act; that their places
should be supplied by others. The Lieutenant
Governor was Pinchback. He had been a
candidate for congressman-at-large, and that
disqualified him. Anderson had also bee* a
candidate, and that disqualified him. That,
left Governor Warmoth, Lynch, and Herron
to constitute the board. It was then the diffi-
culty first sprung up. Governor Warmoth
removed Herron, and thereupon a controversy
arose about who was secretary of State. Gov-
ernor Warmoth, in whose possession the offi-
cial returns were, appointed Wharton secre-
tary of State, and ho and Wharton filled up
the board by appointing Hatch and DaPontc.
Warmoth, Wharton, Hatch, and DaPontc con-
stituted one board. Lynch was also a mem-
