1880
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 27,
ber, but he did not act with them. Lynch and
Herron selected two other men, Longstreet
and Hawkins, and they made another board.
Mr. HOWE. Why did the Governor re-
move Herron?
Mr. TRUMBULL. That will require me
to go one step back. Bovee bad been elected
f secretary of State in 1868; and in 1871, the
year before this election, the Governor re-
moved Bovee and appointed Herron to con-
tinue in office until the end of the next session
of the senate.
Mr. HOWE. The office of secretary ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. The office of secre-
tary. He removed Bovee. That put Herron
in as secretary. Bovee denied the Governor's
right to remove him, but the Governor did in
fact remove him and Herron took possession
of the office, and the senate having subse-
quently met and adjourned without taking
action, he continued to hold on afterward. In
the mean time a controversy was going on in
the courts between Bovee and Herron for the
legal right to the office. Herron having the
possession. After this election the Governor
removed him for two causes: one was that he
was a defaulter. There is a certificate in the
record from some officer stating that Herron
was a defaulter. The other ground was that
Herron's term had expired at the close of the
preceding session of the Senate.
Mr. HOWE. His time as a member of the
board of canvassers?
Mr. TRUMBULL. No, I am talking of
the secretary of State now. The secretary of
State is ex officio a member of the convassing
board. Herron, the Senator from Wisconsin
will understand, being a temporary appointee,
the Governor took the ground that his office
fell when the senate adjourned, and also that
he was a defaulter, and therefore that he had
a right to appoint somebody else.
Mr. HO WE. The senate adjourned when ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. In May.
Mr. HOWE. And in November the Gov-
ernor took this ground?
Mr. TRUMBULL. In November he took
both grounds. I ought to state, however, that
Herron had been absent nearly three months,
and the duties of the office had been per-
formed all the time by a man by the name of
Woodward. As showing the character of- the
man, there is a letter in the evidence written
by Herron to this effect:
New York, September 3. 1872.
Dear Captain: The papers give intelligence of
the fusion, and heartily glad was I to seo it. This
makes the election of the combined ticket a cer-
tainty, and will do much toward helping the cause
in the North. I shall get home in time to help and
to assist in the count, and make the certificates for
the "duly elected." In tho mean time, as you and
I both are very fond of Dr. Southworth, I think I
shall have to get you to speak to Governor McEnery
for his place. Of course we do not want him turned
out, but, under the circumstances, &c., let us ask
him to retire. There is no sort of question about
the election of Greeley, but the Grant people are
making great exertions.
With regards to all, I am, truly, yours,
S. J. HEREON.
Captain J. C. Sinnott.
Herron has been appointed to Southworth's
place by Pinchback or Kellogg, I do not know
which ; nor do I know that that has anything
to do with it, and perhaps I should not have
read the letter, as I do not want to draw the
attention of Senators who are doing me the
honor to listen from the precise state of facts.
Herron went out in that way, whether right-
fully or wrongfully I will not undertake to
show. I am merely stating the facts.
Mr. HOWE. „ I was only trying to get at the
reason which induced the lemoval.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is alleged that he
was removed; the majority say in their report
that he was really removed by the Governor
to get him out of the canvassing board ; that
that was Governor Warmoth's motive. Per-
haps it was ; that may be inferred; but he
probably had the right to supersede him. He
was his own appointee. In the mean time
this suit was going on between Bovee and
Herron. The supreme court, after these
boards were organized, I think on the 2d
day of December, decided that the original
removal of Bovee was illegal; that the Gov-
ernor had no right to remove him and appoint
Herron in the first instance.
Mr. STEVENSON. We have been in ses-
sion now fourteen hours. The Senate is very
thin. The Senator from Illinois is giving us
some very important facts, especially those of
us who have not been able to read this record.
Unless we now adjourn we shall be unfit for
business to-morrow. I therefore move that
the Senate adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to, there being
on a division—ayes 18 t noes 24.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, if I
have made myself understood to at least my
friend from Wisconsin, who has listened to
me, he will see how it happened that the new
law was approved and the new board created,
superseding the two old boards. Having been
asked what difference it made who counted
these returns, as it was a mere matter of
computation, I suppose the reason was this:
they have a peculiar election law in Louisiana,
which authorizes the officers holding the elec-
tion—they are called commissioners or super-
visors—to certify to any irregularities or dis-
turbances at the polls, riots, or anything of
that kind which prevent a fair election ; and
in case they make such certificate with their
returns to the State board, then the State
board is authorized to take testimony as to
the fairness of the election. There were no
such certificates made, I think, with the excep-
tion of a single parish. There may have been
one such parish, but the Lynch board assumed
that they had a right to make up returns with-
out having any official papers before them.
Governor Warmoth, who had the official re-
turns of the whole State, laid them in the first
place before the board, which consisted of
himself and Wharton, secretary of State,
whom he had appointed, and Hatch and
DaPonte, the two men they had elected to fill
vacancies. Before they were tabulated that
board was enjoined by Judge Durell.
It is said that the Lynch board was the legal
board. Suppose you admit it, and give all
the effect that the Senator from Indiana says
to that fact that they were a legal board. I
do not think so, I think the testimony shows
differently; but suppose that were so, they
had not jurisdiction of anything to act on;
they never had a single official return before
them. That is admitted by everybody. They
made returns of members of the Legislature
on reports and on affidavits, and a great many
of the affidavits upon which they acted were
forged. There were more than a thousand
prepared by one man, which were laid before
the committee, and which we saw.
Mr. CARPENTER. And some of them
fictitious names.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Yes, some of them
fictitious names, and they were used by this
Lynch board.
Mr. HOWE. What affidavits ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. The affidavits state that
the person whose name was inserted had been
deprived of his right to vote ; that he was en-
titled to vote, and that he would have voted
the Republican ticket which is attached to the
affidavit. The Lynch board counted these
spurious affidavits as votes ; but there is not
one affidavit in the whole record which states
that the affiant had been deprived of the right
to vote on account of race or color or pre-
vious condition of servitude. Kellogg, in the
bill that he filed before Judge Durell, alleged
that there were five thousand such affidavits ;
but in the committee it was admitted by Mr.
Ray and by Mr. Packard, who examined to
see, that there was not a single affidavit that
stated that any man had been deprived of his
right to vote on account of race or color.
These affidavits were signed in blank by the
officer who purports to have administered the
oath. I intended to have exhibited one to the
Senate. We had them before us in committee.
Mr. CARPENTER. Signed by the judge
in blank.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Signed by the judge in
blank, and the witness filled them up in New
Orleans with fictitious names. That was a part
of the testimony that was before the Lynch board.
The truth is, that instead of an organized fraud
at the polls, it was an organized fraud to get
up this Kellogg Legislature. Now what is the
complaint ? 1 have stated to Senators how
the election was conducted, and although the
Senator from Wisconsin [Mr. Carpentbr] says
the election is void by reason of fraud, I do
not think the statement is sustained by the
testimony. If you go to a single parish,
agreed if you please that in one, two, or three
parishes it was so, there are fifty-six parishes
m the State, and Mr. Packard, who is a strong
partisan, testifies as I have stated in regard to
the election, and I have read to you what was
the understanding of the newspapers and the
testimony of other parties. It does seem to
me very strange that an election is to be set
aside in a State on such sort of statements. I
think you could set aside an election in almost
any State if you take the general statements
of a defeated party ; you must not forget great
facts. Remember that twenty thousand more
votes were cast at the last election than ever
before, and the chief complaint now is that
persons were deprived of the opportunity to
vote.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I wish to suggest to the
Senator from Illinois on the point he has
just stated that Ithink the New York Tribune
stated immediately after the Vermont election
that it had been carried by the Republicans
buying up the whole body of Democratic
voters, and if you take a statement for that,
of course you can take a statement for the
other.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not know whether
that would carry an election in Vermont.
[Laughter.]
Mr. EDMUNDS. I somewhat doubt it my-
self, but that was the allegation.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from Ohio
will certainly see that there has been a board
having at least the color of law that made a
canvass of the votes. I will not say that this
was a legal board, but it is held so by a great
many.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not want to inter-
rupt the Senator ; but it seems to me from the
testimony that the allegation is that the frauds
extended to twenty-nine different parishes.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let me read Mr. Pack-
ard's testimony on that point. That ought to
be sufficient. That is the strongest testimony
there is.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not care to go into
details.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Can the Senator from
Ohio refer to the evidence that he has refer-
ence to?
Mr. MORTON. I can.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I wish the Senator
would let us look at it.
Mr. MORTON. I will not be certain about
the precise number, twenty-nine ; but it is up
toward the thirties. \
Mr. CARPENTER. Twenty-nine was the
number mentioned.
Mr. MORTON. There was one witness,
John Lynch, who was the presiding officer of
the Lynch board, and whose integrity I believe
is admitted by all the parties, is it not? Ithink
there was no suspicion cast on his testimony
by witnesses on either side, who is known in
New Orleans as " honest John Lynch."
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator is not
going to make a speech I hope in the midst
of my statement. If he will refer me to the
testimony I shall be glad to see it.
