1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
921
spirit of our institutions, and subversive of
every temporal and religious right of citizen-
ship, could not be put into exercise as long as
the common law could be left free to combat
them. Being in violation.of every known rule
of law, therefore all other laws must be made
to bend themselves before this ecclesiastical
upstart. And so we find the leaders of this
church, using the territorial machinery in order
to accomplish their ends, declaring—
" That all questions of law, the meaning of writ-
ings other than laws, and the admissibility of testi-
mony, shall he decided by the court; and no laws
nor parts of laws shall be read, argued, cited, or
adopted in any court during any trial except those
enacted by the Governor and Legislative Assembly
of this Territory, and those passed by the Congress
of the United States when applicable; and no re-
port, decision, or doings of any eourt shall be read,
argued, cited, or adopted as precedent in any other
trial."—Codified Laws, p. 260, sec. 1.
This statute practically abolished the com-
mon law, leaving this■ ecclesiastical corpora-
tion apparently in full possession of the field.
But there was still one obstacle in the way
of priestly pretension ; there were the district
courts created by the organic act of the Ter-
ritory, and by that act vested with exclusive
common-law and chancery jurisdiction. These
courts could not be abolished. They were
there upon the ground in the persons of the
United States judges, who stubbornly refused
to be either abolished or abated. Therefore
something must be done to undermine their
authority. Promptly the legislative mill, run
entirely by church dignitaries, is set to giind-
ing, and the probate judges, elected by them-
selves, who under the organic act were vested
only with probate jurisdiction, were endowed
with concurrent jurisdiction with the district
courts in all cases in chancery and at common
law. This jurisdiction was conferred in the
following terms:
"The several probate courts, in their respective
counties, have power to exercise original jurisdic-
tion, both civil and criminal, as well in chancery as
in common law, when not prohibited by legislative
enactment, and they shall be governed in ail respects
by the same general rules and regulations as re-
gards practice as thedistrictcourts."—Codified Laws,
p. 124, sec. 29.
Apparently in order to guard against the
possibility of some one of the " Lord's anoint-
ed" being imprisoned by the order of the
district courts, in their attempts to enforce the
laws of the United States and throw around
the citizen some little of the law's protection,
these same probate courts, whose judges con-
sist mainly of bishops in the Mormon Church,
were authorized to issue the "high preroga-
tive " writ of habeas corpus, as foliows ;
''The writ of habeas corpi-s may be allowed by the
supreme, dishict, or probate courts, or any judge
thereof, and may be served in any part of the 'i'eiri-
tory."— Codified Laws, p. 142, sec. 3.
Not content with this, they must even invest
the petty justices of the peace with this great
mass of original jurisdiction, as follows:
" That all the courts of this Territory shall have
law and equity jurisdiction in civil cases, and
the mode of procedure shall be uniform in said
courts.'*—Codified Laws, p. 132, sec. 1.
And while the organic act limits the civil
jurisdiction of justices to cases where the debt
or sum claimed shall not exceed $100, and
expressly forbids them to try any issue where
the boundary or title to land conies into dis-
pute, the Utah statutes provide that—
"Nothing herein contained shall be so construed
as to prevent any justice of the peace from having
jurisdiction, after the proper security shall have
been given, to issue ejectment, try the merits, and
enforce the judgment thereon in a summary man-
ner."—Codified Lawt.p. 149, rc<\ M.
In consequence of these usurpations of judi-
cial power, which have existed almost ever
since the Mormons made their first marks in
Utah, it is utterly impossible there for a man
to obtain or enjoy unmolested a single one of
his rights as an American citizen, whether he
be a dissenting Mormon or Gentile.
These citations of statutes will serve to show
the deep-seated hatred of the church leaders
to the Government, and the high-handed man-
lier m which they not only ignore but trample
under foot every law of the United States
which stands in the way of their doing what-
ever they may please to do in order to regu-
late " the religious duties of man to his
Maker." The House will see better the animus
which informs these, statutes when it is re-
membered that the church denies the consti-
tutionality of the organic act itself, declares it
a usurpation, still keeps alive the treasonable
organization known as the " State of Deseret"
whose Legislature, composed of the same men
as the territorial Legislature, first ratify the
territorial laws before they are considered of
binding validity upon the allegiance of the
faithful.
Now, these probate courts are not only
endowed with this civil jurisdiction by these
laws, but they are also endowed with unlimited
criminal jurisdiction as well, from the imposi-
tion of a trifling fine up to the infliction of
the death penalty. And the practice which
has existed there, and has existed from the
commencement, and which I have known to
be put in practice time and again, is that when
an accusation of a criminal nature is made
before one of these Mormon tribunals, pledged
by the very character of its organization to
sustain this illegal assumption of power—
when, 1 repeat, a mere charge or accusation
is made and a warrant is issued by the court,
the property of the defendant is sequestrated
in advance, to beheld subjectto the judment—
"Theproperty of a person accused of an offense
shall be held depending the execution of the judg-
ment."—Codified Laws, p. 460, sec. 24.
In other words, in a criminal proceeding in
Utah the bare accusation of a ciime carries
with it the same penal consequences as in all
the rest of the civilized world follow only upon
a conviction of record. And I have been told
by many persons who have been subjected to
this unheard-of proceeding that the property
thus held has been disposed of in advance of
the trial, the issue of the trial being a foregone
conclusion, and valuable only as enabling the
officers to run up a large bill of costs, and in
other cases where a judgment, of acquittal has
from some cause or other been rendered, that
the return of the property so seized was re-
fused by those having it in charge.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. MERRIAM. I hope the House will
allow the gentleman from Montana to proceed
with his remarks.
Mr. TAFFB. I should like to have an
understanding that the time of the committee
be extended half an hour for debate on this
bill. Since the previous question was ordered
I have had more applications for time than
would cover the hour. I do not wish it my-
self, but I do wish to oblige the gentlemen who
have applied to me for time, and I therefore
suggest that the time for debate be extended
for half an hour.
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. Wheel-
er.) The gentleman from Nebraska suggests
that the time allowed for debate before taking
the final vote be extended for half an houi.
Is there objection? The Chair hears none,
and the order is made. How much more time
does the gentleman from Montana wish?
Mr. TAFFE. I will extend his time five
minutes.
Mr. CLAGETT. The very moment the
warrant is issued the property is t&ken pos-
session of, and not a single dollar or article of
unencumbered property upon which money
can be raised is left to the citizen with which
to employ the services of counsel to defend
him and exhibit his rights in a court of jus-
tice.
But, sir, they were not content even with
that. After taking away all the property which
the party accused of an offense might have in
the Territory, thereby depriving hitn ot the
means of defense, they weut on and enacted a
statute which is found upon page 13<J of the
Codified Laws, and is as follows;
"Any attornoy or person otherwise assuming to
appear before any court in this Territory, in any
cause whatever, shall present all the facts in thecase,
whether they are calculated to make against hia
client or not, of which he is in possession, and shall
present the best evidence that he can in the case, to
the Intent that the true state of the oase in litigation
may be presented before the court; and for a failure
to do so, or to comply with all the requirements of
this act, shall be liable to all the penalty hereinbefore
provided for, and the further penalty of not less than
one dollar, at the discretion of the court."
And I will add in this connection that " all
the penalty hereinbefore provided for" con-
sists of being debarred from practicing in any
court of the Territory, fined in a sum not ex-
ceeding $100, and imprisoned during the term
of the court then being holden. In other-
words, unless an attorney who has been em-
ployed to act as counsel for defense in a civil
or criminal proceeding will consent to take
the dastard course of converting himself into
prosecutor of his own client, (I will not say
whose money he has received for an alto-
gether different purpose, for the law hasalready
taken good care that his property shall be
seized at the time the warrant is served,) re-
veal the confidential communications which
have been made to him, play the part of a
base-born spy so as to receive the communi-
cations, and then turn a still baser informer
upon the victim who has trusted bim to his
ruin, return blows for entreaties and treachery
for trust, he is to have these cumulated pen-
alties piled upon his head. And yet, de-
plorable as all this is, it is still in absolute
harmony with a system which is based upon
espionage sustained by usurpation, and vin-
dicated, when necessary, by the shedding of
innocent blood. All of these statutes sleep
upon the statute-book in the case of a devout
Mormon. Their terrors are only invoked when
it is necessary to '' spoil a Gentile " or " harry
an apostate;" and inequality of enforcement
is one of their accumulated horrors.
I might go on for an hour reading from these
statutes ; but I will simply call attention to the
fact that the policy of the Mormon Church,
from the commencement of the settlement of
Utah down to a recent date, has been to grant
by legislative action large tracts of land, tim-
ber, and water-rights to the different leaders
in the church ; and forf'earthat there might be
some portions of that desert country that might
not be covered by legislative grants, they went
on and provided for the monopoly of this
small residuum of the public lands by the
statute to which I now refer, and which is to
be found on page 175 of the Codified Laws in
"an act to regulate surveyors and surveying,"
and which is as follows :
" The county surveyor shall within thirty days
after completing any survey make true copies or
diagrams of the same, and transmit one to the sur-
vej or general and one to the county recorder, and
give a certificate of such survey to the person for
whom it was made, describing,the tract, block, or
lot. and number ot acres contained, and such cer-
tificate shall be title of possession to the person or
persons holding thesame."
B,> a subsequent section in the same act
these certificates were made assignable, and
carried title by assignment to the laud against
all persons except the Government ot the
United States.
Here then, sir, we have the whole thing in
a nutshell. They monopolize the public lands,
timber, and water-rights. JThey absolutely
refuse the people of the United States the
privileges of the homestead and preemption
laws. They cover the Territory all over with
empty legislative grauts, in some cases em-
bracing hundreds of square miles, or floating
surveyors' certificates which might embrace
any number—hundreds of thousands of acres;
and any man who, relying upon the laws of the
United States, uudertakes to settle upon these
lands, is of course a trespasser upon those
paper grauts or titles, and the Moruion_ tres-
passed upon being plaintiff, has his election to
sue in ejectment, either in the district, probate,
or justices court, exercises that election hi favor
ofa Mormon tribunal, brings his suit, his paper
title is as a matter of com se sustained ; and the
