922
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 28,
poor settler who has been guilty of the insuffer-
able folly of imagining that the United States
would protect hira in his right is speedily
taught the contrary by being turned out of
possession by a writ of ouster; and when all
this formality is considered unnecessary, or not
sufficiently efficacious, owing to the interfer-
ence of some Federal judge with this pro-
cedure, the services of the Danite band are
called into requisition, his humble dwelling is
pulled down over his head, and himself mer-
cilessly beaten or murdered. I am drawing
no fancy picture, but am painting from life.
The consequence of this condition of things
was that although hundreds and thousand of
non-Mormons have attempted to settle in
Utah, up to some three or four years ago not
a Gentile farmer could be found in the Terri-
tory. In view of these facts, what bitter
irony there is in the constant boast of the
church leaders that they have made the desert
blossom as the rose, when for twenty years
they have by force and fraud prevented any
■ one else from engaging in the work.
Now, what is the remedy? Gentlemen who
are not versed in the condition of affairs there
ask, " Why do not the people rally and correct
these evils at the ballot-box?" Why, sir,
even that last resort of a persecuted free peo-
ple has been denied by the authorities of the
church in a statute which is to be found upon
page 233 of this same volume, and the fifth
section of which is as follows:
"Bach elector shall provide himself with a vote,
containing tho names of tho persons ho wishes
clccted and the offices he would havo them to fill,
and piesent it, neatly folded, to the judge of the
election, who shall number and deposit it in the bal-
lot-box. The clerk shall then write the name of
the elector, and opposite it tho number ot his vote."
It is asked by the gentleman from Illinois
on my left [Mr. Paunswobth] what harm
does this do. The harm is that every man
who is dissatisfied with the despotism of the
Mormon Church, and who is seeking through
the ballot-box to express that dissatisfaction,
is marked the moment he exhibits a spirit of
dissent, and then what are the consequenccs?
There is a power in the Mormon Church, con
tained in the charter which I read at the open-
ing of my remarks, to regulate consecrations.
What are consecrations? One format least
is the execution of what are called conse-
cration deeds, by which property was conoc-
cratcd to tile Lord ; that is to say, every de-
vout Mormon executed to the church a deed
for all the real property in his possession and
placed tlie legal title in tho hands of Brigham
Young as trustee in trust for that church.
And the practical condition of things was
this : that whenever a Mormon exhibited any
of the spirit of dissent, his property was taken
from him, and he with his wife or wives and
children were turned friendless and penniless
upon the world. In addition to this he is
followed with tiendish malignity into every
domestic, social, and business relation by that
wonderful ecclesiastical organization which
peivades the whole Territory, whose minions
creep into the domestic ciicle of every family
and drag forth by the most searching crons-
examination the innermost thoughts of the
father and mother upon all of these tyrannies ;
and, to effectuate this end, even going so far
as to catechise the little children as to every
casual word dropped by their parents in the
privacy and seclusion of their firesides. This
is the work of the bishops and teachers, and is
called by the reassuring name of church coun-
seling. If by these or other means anything
of importance is discovered the matter is re-
ported to the conference, and unless the
apostatizing saint grovels in the very dust and
ashes of humiliation and agrees thereafter to
obey his spiritual teachers in all things, he is
cut off from the church.
It is said, what does all this mean? It
means that his farm shall be confiscated, all
his property taken away under the consecra-
tion deeds taken by the church; and the people
are prohibited, under every civil and eccle-
siastical penalty, from dealing either personally
or in a business way with the man thus put
under the ban of the church. The man who
is carrying on a store when thus disciplined is
deserted by his usual customers. The man
who is carrying on a blacksmith shop cannot
get a horse to shoe belonging to a Mormon.
He can get no employment for the support of
his family after the mandate has once gone
forth to cut him off from his ecclesiastical
communion. Deserted by his friends, de-
prived of his property, ruined in his reputa-
tion, and insecure in his person, is it strange
that he hesitates to take the first step to eman-
cipate his manhood, or that there should exist,
to a casual observer, the most perfect union
in the Mormon brotherhood? This apparent
union is ever pointed to by the church leaders
to prove the excellence of their principles
and the happiness of their people. But it is
a crushing commentary upon this claim that
apostates have always multiplied in Utah in
the exact ratio of the apparent determination
of the Government to enforce the laws and
extend protection to the lives, liberties, and
property of the people.
There is bat one remedy for this, and it is
the duty of this House to apply it; that is, to
enact such a statute as will enforce the ordin-
ary laws recognized throughout the United
States and all civilized countries for the pro-
tection of life, property, and liberty in that
Territory; and unless this is done within two
years from now, I state it as my deliberate
conviction, based upon personal observation,
that that country will be consumed by the
flames of civil war.
We are sitting here quietly day after day,
and through apathy, or because of not under-
standing the condition of things there, we are
allowing this matter to go on to its chaotic
end. Admitting for the sake of the argument
that the time will come when the influx of out-
siders will make the Gentiles and outcoming
Mormons outnumber those who retain theip
communion with the Mormon church, does
any man of intelligence suppose that a gov-
ernment based upon divine right, which claims
the right to control every interest, aspiration,
and thought of the people, will ever for a mo-
ment consent to peaceably permit power to
pass from its hands into the hands of its
opponents?
There are at least from ten to twelve thousand
Gentiles and outcoming Mormons to-day in
Utah; and yet at the last election only two or
three thousand votes were cast for General
Maxwell, the Gentile candidate. What was
the reason for this light vote? The non-Mor-
mon population is found principally in Salt
Lake City and in the mining camps. In order
to intimidate the voters the Mormons called
out the Nauvoo Legion and rode them in solid
phalanx through the streets of Salt Lake City
on election day. Not only that, but they re-
fused to establish polling places within twenty-
five miles of at least some of the precincts
where the Gentile population is located; thus
practically disfranchising the people.
Let me close by stating that this Territory
should not be'admitted as a State now or ever
until the Mormon hierarchy shall have learned
to respect the laws of the country which
shelters them and gives them protection ; and
to extend to all people within the boundaries
of that Territory the equal protection of equal
laws.
Mr. TAFFE. I now yield to the gentle-
man from California [Mr. Sargent] for five
minutes.
Mr. SARGENT. When this bill was be-
fore the House the other day, and amend-
ments were in order, I offered the following
as an additional sectiou to the bill:
Sec. —. That in any State formed under the pro-
visions of this act the right of citizens of the United
States to vote shall not be denied or abridged by
reason of sex.
That amendment is pending and to be voted
upon by the members of this House._ A few
months ago, prior to the presidential elec-
tion, a great convention assembled in Philadel-
phia. That convention represented what sub-
sequently proved to be more than a majority
of the American'people. In the platform of
principles laid down by that convention at that
time they spoke intentionally and clearly upon
the subject-matter of this amendment. In one
of their resolutions they said :
"The Republican party is mindful of its obliga-
tion to the loyal women of America for their noble
devotion to the cause of freedom. Their admission
to wider fields of usefulness is viewed with satisfac-
tion; and the honest demands of any of the citizens
for additional rights should be-treated with respect-
ful consideration."
This resolution certainly was not intended
to have any equivocal meaning. The purpose
of its adoption was to satisfy a class of re-
spectable, earnest, and talented women who
were at that time m Philadelphia contending
for a recognition of theirright to be considered
citizens of the United States and to vote as
such. In compliance with the request of that
class, and committing the party thereto, the
resolution which I have read was adopted.
What is the effect of that resolution? For
me, as a Republican, marching under the ban-
ner of the party then raised at Philadelphia,
the resolution is conclusive of my duty; for
had I not believed in the principles enun-
ciated iu the platform, I could not have sup-
ported the candidates who were nominated
and elected under it. There was another
provision of that platform with reference to
the franking privilege, and that provision has
been carried out. There were other proposi-
tions which we shall carry out as fast as the
ordinary course of legislation will allow. Now
comes the opportunity for us to redeem our
pledge upon this question of woman suffrage.
Having nearly a two-thirds majority of Repub-
lican votes in this House, we have now pre-
sented to us the opportunity for fulfilling the
pledge thus made at Philadelphia. There is
no impropriety in that pledge; for by the Con-
stitution of the United States it is provided
that—
"All persons born or naturalized in the United
States, and subject to the jurisdiction thereof, are
citizens of the United States and of tho State wherein
they reside. No State shall make or enforce any law
which shall abridge the privileges or immunities of
citizens of the United States."
The amendment which I have offered pro-
vides that these rights shall not be abridged.
The only objection that can possibly be made
to the provision is that it ought not to be applied
to this bill and to new States thus formed.
Why, sir, the precedents are manifold for such
a proceeding. There was the Nebraska bill,
which raised the first test as to the extension
of slavery throughout the Territories of the
United States. Many provisions parallel with
this have been required as fundamental con-
ditions for the admission of new States. Where
we intended to make a new departure, in con-
formity to some great movement of public
sentiment or some change in the Constitution,
we have taken occasion, on the admission of
new States, to prescribe the rights of some par-
ticular class or to enlarge liberties which were
obscured or denied. Hence there should bo no
objection to applying this proposition, as an
entering wedge, to this new State, in the same
manner as similar propositions have been ap-
plied with reference to the question of slavery
and other questions of that character.
We are bound by the Constitution of the
United States to make a provision of this kind.
We are firmly pledged, by the declaration of
principles adopted by our national convention
at Philadelphia in the most authentic form, to
vote for such a provision whenever the oppor-
tunity shall be afforded.
But I do not make this a party question. I
appeal to gentlemen on both sides of this Plall
who revere the Constitution of the United
States. The. fact that one national conve ntion
