18821
THE 'CONGRESSiOKM/ GHOBK
February
been no election at all and the board had given
certificates? The Governor is required to lay
the returns before the canvassing board. This
he did not do, so far as the Lynch board is
concerned. The returns constituted the only
case* oh" which the board could act;
Mr. HOWE. Very well, yet there had been
an election.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is hSfdly worth
while to pursue this inquiry. It is not of suf-'
ficient importance. Perhaps the Senator from
Wisconsin may take a different view of it, but
it is admitted on all hands that the Lynch
board had nothing whatever before them and
this Kellogg Legislature is the veriest sham
that was ever set' up. It is based on nothing.
Mr. CARPENTER. Let me suggest to the
Senator from Illinois, in aid of his point on
that subject, that the board are not made the
judges of the election at all. Their duty is to
canvass returns. If no rettirns are presented,
they have nothing to do, nothing to act upon,
and I think the Senator concedes altogether
too much when he likens them to a judicial
court having general jurisdiction. That is
not the case. It is a special statutory tribunal
to do a certain thing, namely, to canvass re-
turns. If they never have returns they have
nothing to act upon.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I had already said,
when the Senator was out, that I did not think
the Lynch boa'rdwas the legal returning board
at all. I think auybody who will investigate
the testimony will come to that conclusion ;
but assuming that it was, I still think its action
was entitled to no respect.
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. President, if I mis-
take not, we are legislating now. We are not,
therefore, engaged as a tribunal, statutory or
otherwise, in judicial office, and on the strict
sido of that of which the Senator from Wiseon-'
sin reminded us to-day, the distinction between
the process by which we are to acquire facts
for the one purpose-and the other. I wish to
know whether I have been constantly laboring
under a delusion as to the state of facts be-
fore us.
The honorable Senator from Vermont as-
sumed as the basis of his remarks that we were
to look at these returns and find out in how
many parishes and precincts frauds had oc-
curred, what deduction and diminution and
addition was to be made, and then how it
appeared on the lace of the papers. If that
is so, taking the statements to which we have
just listened as far as they have been run down
to a point by the colloquy between Senators,
it would seem that the Senator from Vermont
is well warranted in the conclusion to which
he came. But if the committee charged with
•investigation has done its duty and reported
tousupou its veracity, then I conceive a wholly
different state of facts stares us in the face.
Now 1 want to read a few lines of what has
been certified to us" by a majority of the com-
mittee, signed by the names of four Senators:
" Xrirst. A careful consideration of the testimony
convinces us that, had the election of November last
been fairly conducted andreturned, Kellogg andhis
associates and a Legislature composed of the same
political party would have been elected. Thecolored
population of that State outnumbers the white, and
in the last election the colored voters were almost
unanimous in their support of the Republican ticket.
Governor \Vavmoth,who was elected by the Repub-
licans of the Slate in 18G8, had paised into oppo-
sition and held in his hands the entire machinery of
the election, iie appointed the supervisors of regis-
tration anil they appointed tiie commissioners of
election. The testimony shows a systematic pur-
pose on the part of those conducting the election to
throw every possible difficulty in the way of the
colored voters in the matter of registration. The
polling places arc not fixed by lav.', and at the last
election they were purposely established by those
conducting r.he election at places inconvenient of
access in those parishes which were known to be
largely ^Republican, so that in some instances voters
had to travel over twenty miles to reach the polls.
The election was generally conducted in quiet,
and was perhaps unusually freo from disturbance
01 liot. Governor Warmoth, who was the master-
spirit in the whole proceeding, seems to have relied
upon craft rather than violence to carry the State
tor McEnery. In the canvass of votes which determ-
ined the McEnery government to be elected the
votes of several Republican parishes w^re rejected.
" The testimony shows that lead inland sagacious
politicians of the State, who woro acting with W.a'r-
moth. entertained the opinion before the election
that Warmoth's control of the election machinery
was equivalent to twenty thousand votes; and we
are satisfied, by the'testimony, that this_ opinion,
wast well founded. We believe that kaii registration
been accessible to all, and polling places been prop-
erly established, the result pf the election would
have been entirely different. Ana although we
cannot approve of such a canvass as that made by
the Lynch board, who seem to have acted upon the
principle of " fighting the devil with fire," and cir-
cumventing fraud by-fraud, and cannot say that
Kellogg's government was elected, nevertheless we
believe that Kellogg's government was defeated,
and the popular voice reversed, by the fraudulent
manipulation of th'e election."
.Now, I ask the Senator"from Iitdlkijk, the
chairman of the committee, 'whosfe ilatiie I do
not find here, whether in truth his finding is
that the evidence sustains that statement.
Mr. MORTON. I think it does, very fully,
and it ftins all through' the volume.
Mr. CONKLING. Then we have from the'
committee of seven a finding of five, based
upon a volume of testimony which extends
beyond a thousand pages, in all eleven hun-
dred pages of testimony, tvhich it is utterly,
impossible that we should sift and analyze for
ourselves; we have the finding of five of a c6m-
mittee of seven not only that there was fraud in
this election which controlled and vitiated it in
the ordinary sfense, but fraud with malice afore-
thought long preceding a finding that the man
who seems to have been the presiding genius
of this deviltry, arranged deliberately and
elaborately beforehand to render it impossible
that an honest registration should take place,
or that an honest vote should be cast.
Mr. HOWE. I want to make one sugges-
tion here, if the Senator will allow me to call
his attention to what "I understand to be the
issue of fact. The Senator has read from that
report the allegation submitted by the majority
of the committee. If I have not misunder-
stood the Senator from Illinois, who has been
traversing this statement, he says to the con-
trary—that the only evidence they'had of diffi*-
culty in effecting registration was what Mr.
Lynch says about his personal diffiulty, and
he said he believed there was one other witJ
ness who testified on the same point. And as
to the difficulty in voting, owing to the enlarge-
ment of the precincts, I understand him to
say the testimony applies to the single parish
of Natchitoches.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think there ia tes-
timony in reference to another parish, but
in reference to Natchitoches it is entirely
explained.
•Mr. HOWE. So I understand the Senator
to say.
Mr. TRUMBULL. But I think there is
some testimony which I am not sure about as
to another.
Mr. IiOWE. It is explained by the fact
that a part of the parish had been set off to
another parish, and that in the present parish
of Natchitoches there was precisely the same
number of voting places that there had been
before. And in spite of the difficulty of regis-
tration and election, I understand the Senator
from Illinois to say that the result shows that
there were twenty thousand more votes cast
than in any previous election.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is in the record.
Mr. HOWE. These are the allegations of
the two sides.
Mr. CONKLING. So I appreciate,_ Mr.
President, and I appreciate the extremity to
which my honorable friend and myself are
reduced of taking secondary evidence upon
this question. We are compelled to rely upon
the finding of the committee, unless the Senate
and the occasion will enable us to go through
eleven hundred pages of testimony and find
the kernel of wheat in the bushel of chaff on
every page, and deduce from it a finding by
each Senalor for himself. And if I wished to
caricature or parody this whole proceeding, I
should assume that it was gravely intended by
the1 Senators who afe urging this legislation •
that befofe we votef eVery man shall sit down
aud analyand scrotiniKe and sift, for hitoself
this great -book of unindexed testimony, ;ft r .
there' is no indescexcept the names of'tlie wrt-
ngsses, and'be-ready to votertn-stanter. • : v
Mr. GLA.Y1BON'. Allowme to interruplthe
Senator, for amoment. •
Mr. eONKLING.- Certainly.; ' • ,
Mr; CLAYTON; I-thinkthe increasedvate >
in 1872 can be accounted for tofa great ;extent =
by the foot ttafeiti 187^ laifge number ol per
sons were enfranchised who were not entt-tlftd,*
to vote in-1870. - / i < •'/
Mr. TRUMBULL,.i That! is- jmdcmJjt^j
true to some extent* >, <. >
Mr. CLAYTON. To a .very large.extent -JL-
should think.- i - -
Mr, CARPENTER, Thfe, presidential-elec-
tion increased the voteithereas well as every-
where else. ■, >:• , - . <  .
Mr. TRUMBULL. It was: .larger than. in
Mr. CLAYTON. Many were disfranchised:,
then.
Mr. TRUMBULJj. Some:were. . ,
Mr. CONKLING., My friend from Arkansas
introduces another unknown.quantity into the
sum. Webad no jjiQqring before, but he,may
succeed in compe^ipg- us to drift out a liltlo,
further upon a- sea without a, shore or a bottom.
I undertake to say, that for the work of this-
night and to-morrow, there is nothing,left for
any Senator except those who were members
of the committee, save-to take the finding of the
committee, as a court would take the finding of a
referee on a question of fact jf it was called upo n
to determine the. law. Taking that finding and
reducing,it to its known elements,of fact, what,
is it? That this matter of a parish here ai>d
there; and the matter ,of fraud, if such there
was, in the custody of the ballot-boxes, and in
tabulating the returns,' is the dust in the scale ;
it is the drop in the bucket compared to that
agglomeration and assemblageof fraudulent and
delil ;:.uely flagitious practices, by,which the
whole election was snowed under in corruption
and in wrong. What does it signify, that in
this parish only so many votes were lost, and
in that parish you can,account for it in some
other way, if some smooth-faced, cunning, de-
corous demon behind the scenes managed all
this, arranged all the pulleys-and set all the
traps, and made all the dispositions beforehand,
by which, if this report is true, we know that
no honest election took place.
Now, sir, that is my difficulty; and when I
am asked with such a report as that before
me—Senators insist now that the evidence
warrants it; and as the Senator from Indiana
says-not upon one page or in one part of this
volume merely, but, as he expresses it, strung
all along its pages—-with such a report as that
before me, I ask how I am going to find upon
my oath, that McEnery, prima fade or in any
way upon which we can stand, was elected
Governor of the State of Louisiana.
Mr. MORTON. Allow me to read a pas-
sage from the testimony of Mr. Fellows. Mr.
, E'ellows is one of the most eminent lawyers in
Louisiana, a gentleman of unquestioned char-
acter, who was a witness before us. His tes-
timony is'all very important. I-will read a
part of it. He speaks about the early part of
the canvass:
" A fusion was continually thought of by the Dem-
ocrats wit|i- the Governor. I was solicited time and
again, probably by thirty, I think, to join in the
movement to make' the fusion. During that time,"
say for two or three months, the whole matter was
canvassed over and again. They said, that with the
assistance of the Governor, or fusion with the Gov-
ernor, they could certainly carry the State against
the Republican party, or the custom-house party; or
the negro party, as they called it. I thought it could
not be done; that he had not votes enough at his
command to do it. I understood that he had not
over a thousand voters that were his followers.
They admitted that there were no more than two
thousand; but they said this, that his power, with
the assistance of the registration and ©lection laws.
