1878,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
923
has recognised our duty to make such a pro-
vision, I urge simply as a consideration that
may be expected to impress gentlemen on this
side of the Hall. Bat gentlemen upon the other
side have time and again announced (and I
trust sincerely) their devotion to the Constitu-
tion of the United States. Here is a consti-
tutional provision requiring action by Congress
to make it fully operative; and I ask them to
give it its proper effect.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Before the gentle-
man takes his seat, I wish to inquire of him
whether in his opinion there is not in that
plank of the Philadelphia platform a little
deceit, in view of the fact that after the women's
rights women were thus prevailed upon to sup-
port that ticket, and after a few of them up in
the State of New York actually voted, it is
now attempted to send those women to the
penitentiary for thus voting.
Mr. SARGENT. I will answer the gentle-
man. I do not know that either the Philadel-
phia convention or the Republican party is
endeavoring to send those women to the peni-
tentiary for having voted. If, however, the
gentleman wants to discuss the deceits of plat-
forms, I will refer him to the Cincinnati plat-
form, on whiob he stood, and which was deceit-
ful in nearly every plank, as well as in its
candidates. [Laughter. ]
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I hope the gentle-
man does not mean to say it was "deceitful
and desperately wicked." [Laughter.]
Mr. TAFFE. I understand the, gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Negley] will with-
draw his objection made a while ago to the
withdrawal of the amendment of the gentle-
man from Utah, [Mr. Hooper.]
Mr. MERRIAM. The objection will be
renewed.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to the
gentleman from Utah withdrawing his amend-
ment?
Mr. NEGLEY. I withdraw my objection.
Mr. MERRIAM. I renew it.
The SPEAKER. The only way in which
it can be withdrawn is to reconsider the vote
by which the main question was ordered, and
then the gentleman from Utah can withdraw
it on his own motion.
Mr. TAFFE. I do not desire to do that.
Mr. Speaker, the time of the debate on
this bill was extended by unanimous con-
sent. for half an hour. When the previous
question was seconded our time under the
rule would have expired at half past three
o'clock. I believe at that time, according to
previous notice, an announcement is to be
made of the death of the gentleman from Con-
necticut, [Mr. Strong.] I am willing that
business shall proceed, allowing this Colorado
bill to go over as the unfinished business to
come up to-morrow morning.
Mr. SPEER. Let us take the vote now.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from
Connecticut [Mr. Hawley] would be entitled,
in the judgment of the chair, at half past three
o'clock to the floor, on the matter of which
he has already given notice, it being one of the
highest privilege.
Mr. TAFFE. I ask as a matter of parlia-
mentary law if, when the previous question
is operating, he'could take this bill or take
me off the floor ?
Mr. HALE. If it be in order I move to
lay the bill on the table.
Mr. TAFFE. The gentleman has not the
floor for that motion.
Mr. HALE. I say I make it if it be in
order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from
Nebraska will observe he has not held the
floor under the rule. He has held it by gen-
eral consent. He has been farming out the
floor to various gentlemen. The gentleman
from Connecticut [Mr. Hawley] gave notice
last week that at half past, three o'clock this
day he would announce the death of his pre-
decessor. The Chair will rule that the gentle-
man from Nebraska is entitled to the remain-
der of his hour after the reading of the Jour-
nal to-morrow morning, and it will not come
out of the morning hour; the morning hour
will come in immediately afterward.
Mr. HALE. Is the motion to lay on the
table considered as having been made ?
Mr. TAFFE. The gentleman has not the
floor for any such motion.
The SPEAKER. It is not considered as
pending. It cannot be made.
Mr. HALE. I will give notice that I shall
make it.
Mr. KILLINGER. Why cannot it be
made ?
The SPEAKER. Because the previous
question is operating.
Mr. TAFFE. How many have the floor?
The SPEAKER. Gentlemen can indicate
their motions ; but it will be of little avail
unless they have an opportunity to move
them.
Mr. TAFFE. I am willing that the half
hour giveu to us by the grace of the House
shall be taken to-morrow after the reading of
the Journal.
The SPEAKER. Is it the desire of the
gentleman from Connecticut to proceed? If
so, the Chair will recognize the gentleman;
and to-morrow, after the reading of the J ournal,
the Colorado bill will be taken up, and the
gentleman from Nebraska will be recognized
for half an hour. After the. Colorado bill has
been disposed of the regular order will bring
the House to the morning hour.
death of hon. julics l. strong.
Mr. HAWLEY, of Connecticut. It is my
painful duty to announce the death of Hon.
Julius L. Strong, late Representative of
the first congressional district of Connec-
ticut-. He left this House at the close of the
last session, apparently in the enjoyment of
excellent health, and returned to his residence
in Hartford to receive from friends of all par-
ties manifestations of their regard for his per-
sonal character and respect for his political
integrity. During the summer he continued
in his usual health, engaged in the care of his
business as a lawyer, and interested in the
political struggle of the year. Though at
times there were symptoms indicating that his
physical system was not working in perfect
harmony, they were not such as to give auy
anxiety, at least to his friends, however he may
himself have estimated them.
On Thursday, September 5, 1872, during the
forenoon, he was in his law office engaging
in conversation upon professional and polit-
ical topics and displaying his usual vivacity.
Thursday afternoon, on his way from his
house to his office, after dinner, he became
suddenly ill and was takeu to his home. There
were no very alarming symptoms, and the next
day, though his illness had increased, neither
his physicians nor his friends supposed his
condition critical; but he differed with them.
When he was assured that, he would recover,
he replied, " It is right for you to encourage
me, but 1 knovvhow it is, and so do you," and
added, "I do not find any fault; I only care
to live for the sake of my wife and child and
friends." At three o'clock Saturday morning,
he fell asleep under the influence of narcotics
and awoke in a stupor at six o'clock. His
daughter was brought to his bedside and he
appeared to recognize her and soon after
closed his eyes in death, after an illnessof less
than forty hours.
Mr. Strong was born in Bolton, Tolland
county, Connecticut, November 8, 1828, and
was therefore forty-four years of age. His
family were in moderate circumstances, but
his youth gave promise of usefulness and he
was encouraged to seek an education. He
became a student at Wesleyan University,
Middletown, Connecticut, whence he removed
to Union College, New York; but he left the
latter place in his junior year and began the
study of law at the law school at Ballston Spa.
Thence he went to Hartford, Connecticut, and
entered the law office of Martin Welles, esq.,
an able and distinguished lawyer. While a
student, in 1852, at the age of twenty-three,
still retaining his residence in the town of
his nativity, he was sent to the Legislature,
and was the youngest member of the house.
In 1853 he was admitted to the bar and
went into partnership with Mr. Welles. He
was a faithful student, ambitious to excel in
his profession, and diligent in business. ' He
was also warmly interested in politics. In
1853 he was elected clerk of the senate; in
1855 he was again chosen to the house. He
was city attorney and president of the com-
mon council of Hartford in 1864 and 1865,
and in 1869 he was elected as a Republican
to the Forty-First Congress, his opponent
being Hon. James Dixon, formerly United
States Senator from Connecticut, and he was
reelected in 1871 to this Congress over Dr.
A. R. Goodrich.
Before and after he reached his majority he
was a Democrat, warmly attached to the doc-
trines of the old-fashioned Democracy. Nat-
urally active in party affairs, he was looked
upon as a young man of great promise. He
read and thought upon all political questions,
and had decided convictious which he freely
asserted and ably defended. His alienation
from his party began with the agitations
arising from the attempted introduction of
slavery into the Territory of Kansas. He
vehemently opposed the Kansas-Nebraska
bill, and in a State convention, which was held
at the time, vigorously asserted his views upon
that issue, though he still continued to act
with the Democracy. When Senator Douglas
led in the assertion of "popular sovereignty,"
Mr. Strong followed him, accepted his the-
ories, and in 1860 warmly and ably advocated
the election of Mr. Douglas to the Presidency.
With him were a majority of the people of
his party in Connecticut, and agaiust him a
majority of the leaders. After the presiden-
tial election of I860, came the first steps of
secession and war. Then Mr. Strong never
equivocated nor hesitated. He entertained
no doubt of his duty and sharply defined his
position. Upon the opening of the canvass
for State officers, in the spring of 1861, he
seized an early opportunity to declare himself
on the side of the Union, and his first speech
before a Union Republican audience closed
with the following words:
"And now, follow-citizens, in a word, what is our
duty and the duty of all Union-loving men ? In my
judgment there can be but one answer to this ques-
tion, and that is to rally to the support of Picsidenfc
Lincoln and the doctrines of liis inaugural. I say
frankly that the inaugural address is a good enough
olatform for me. I believe m enforcing the laws
knd protecting the property of the United States. I
believe m dealing kindly with our erring brethren
of the South, but X do not believe in compromising
principle for the sake of having temporary peace
with traitors. I believe we should sustain and
strengthen our Government rather than do all in our
power to cripple and embarrass it in this hour of
trial. For these reasons I shall vote the Republican
ticket."
The course indicated by his manly and pa-
triotic declarations he followed to the end
without a shadow of turning. He was a con-
stant, enthusiastic supporter of the national
cause, and cast his fortunes with the Union
Republican party. He left the Democracy
with regret, yet in cheerful obedience to his
settled convictions of right. He always had
the courage of his opinions.
Of his record in this body, of the estimation
in which his associates held him, others can
speak better than I. But in the opinion of us,
his constituents, no one of our Representatives
ever manifested greater fidelity, zeal, and in-
dustry in regarding the wants and interests
of his district. He had broad national views
upon all the great questions before him, but
he never forgot that he was especially the
Representative of those who sent him to
