1873.
■ HHE: G010&aESS[«AI/ GLOBE.
rfsm
seated to us by the distinguished gentleman
who condemns that bill, ana yet what does he
do ins section three? It says:
.That William B. Woods, judge of the United
States circuity court for the circuit embracing the
State yf Louisiana, shall immediately proceed to
said State and discharge the duties hereinafter im-
posed upon him. He shall, without delay, appoint
■ two competent and suitable persons State registrars,
.who shall .be citizens and qualified voters of said
State, and njembers of opposite political parties, <fcc.
Following identically in the wake of the
"cuiining'gentleman's bill that lie drew out of
his safe just as a gambler would an old greasy
deck of cards and be ready to turn a jack with
it at any time. [Laughter.] But I do not
stop there ; I go into the fourth section, and
there it is again provided :
That it is hereby made the duty of said registrars
to appoint two supervisors of registration in each
parish of said State, except for the parishes of
Orleans and Jefferson, andinsaid parish of Jefferson
there shall be appointed two supervisors of registra-
tion for the right bank and two forthe left bank of
said parish, and in the parish and city of Orleans
there shall be two supervisors of registration ap-
pointed for each ward of said pariah and city, which
supervisors of registration shall'be legal voters of
the parish or ward for which they nlay be appointed,
and shall be members ofjlifferent political parties,
and the said supervisors of registration shall jointly
appoint two clerks subject to the approval of the
State registrars, who shall be of opposite political
(Parties,
Thus continuing the same precaution which
you find-running all through the bill. In .sec-
tion eight it is again provided that in every
case there shall be two commissioners selected
for each election precinct and from different
political parties. ' . • . •
That is very fair, indeed ; it is remarkably
fair. It stands too erect. What political par-
ties? Does it invite our attention to the
Republican party, to the Democratic party, to
the great Liberal party, or whatever party you
may contemplate'? Is it not apparent, from
the wording of this bill, that the cunning spirit
spoken of in this debate is abroad? He is
here engineering this matter for his friends in
Louisiana. When Judge Woods issentdown
there as contemplated in this bill, what will
be his mission ? His mission will be to dis-
charge his duty as an honest man. I raise no
issue with that proposition; it speaks for
itself. I have no wish nor have I any right to
intimate anything beyond ; bat, sir, when lie
gets upon the ground in Louisiana, how is
Judge Woods to ascertain as to what parties
A, B, and C may belong to? Why, sir, upon
that occasion, as has ever Been the case in
sueh contests, we will find this to be the state
of the case: I have no hesitancy in saying that
you will find good Democrats, good Liberal
iiepuhlioans, just aa good Republicans too as
Governor Warmonth was a few days since,-if
you please, who will be presented and intro-
duced to the judge, and there will be the selec-
tion made very readily from your different
parties.
They will proclaim themselves as being of
certain political parties for the time being;
but the moment they are the appointees they
will say: " Ah, we have got them ; we are ail
true -Simon-Pure Democats,5' as the distin-
guished canning gentleman is on this occasion.
Thereisthe "fairness," and in that is the foul-
ness of this beautiful bill 1 It is a fraud uj)t>n
its face, and if it is enacted it will be carried
out in fraud. That is the truth about the mat-
ter. This bill is simply a torpedo, and if en-
acted it is very well calculated to blow Repub-
licanism out of existence in the State of Louis-
iana, and it will doit just as sure as time rolls
on. That is the nature of this bill. It never was
designed for anything else. I have no hesitancy
in saying that Governor Warmoth knew what
kind of a bill was going to be presented here.
This coincidence could not have been merely
accidental in my opinion. I think the friends
understood each other. That is my private
opinion on the subject publicly expressed.
[Laughter.]
I was charmed as I always am at the able
effort of my distinguished friend from Wiscon-
sin to-day. He always makes able speeches.
-He is very happy in anecdotes also. He
amused and entertained us delightfully with
anecdotes. While he was on the floor, deliv-
ering himsfelf so finely and telting anecdotes
so happily," he reminded me of an anecdote
that I- heard when a youth of a tin peddler.
The peddler was moving on through the coun-
try blowing his horn, as my friend did to-day.
[Laughter.-] He drove up to a house by the
roadside and baited. A little boy came out to
him, and the peddler asked him if he could
Btay all night? The boy said he did not know
exactly; he would see his mother. The ped-
dler, not hesitating, walked to the house with
the little fellow, and going on, walking with
him, he said, "you spoke of seeing your
mother, my son, where is your father?"
" Oh, " says he, " father is dead." "Dead?*'
" Yes, pa is dead." " What was the matter
with him? " Well, sir, I don't know exactly
what it was. He was taken sick and die'd
not a great while after." "Did he have a
physician with him?" " Oh yes, sir, he had a
physician," said he.' "What did he give
him?" " Well, sir, I don't know exactly; I
think they called it No. 6," [laughter,] "and
after he took it he grew no better very fast ;
then he gave him the third preparation, or
something, and I never saw a man die off so
easy; he died off with all manner of ease."
[Laughter.] Just exactly as the Republican
party in Louisiana will die whenever my friend
administers this bill to them. That will be
the last Of them; they will die with perfect
ease. [Laughter.]
I was again amused at the remarks of my
distinguished friend from Vermont, [Mr. Ed-
munds.] I deplore his course on this occa-
sion, but I must endure it. He, too, came
-forward to participate in this debate, and I
am satisfied it was with deep regret, for he so
said; and I always believe what he says to a
very great extent. [Laughter.] He rose,
calm and dignified, with arms folded, with
eyes fixed fast upon the corpse of poor Louis-
iana right before him. [Laughter.] He did
not raise up his hands to Heaven and lookup
•as I did- the other day when the Clerk was
reading the Journal, [laughter;] but he felt
most seriously all things included, I sup-
pose reflecting and connecting that fact im-
mediately with the text of my distinguished
friend from Wisconsin, that we had really in
our history arrived at that period when we must
be honest, -we had reached that point. My
friend was looking to that closely, and all
things considered he did not gee "how it was
possible that we could hold Louisiana up any
longer; she must go. But in explanation on
that subject, he said there was a time when he
would not thus have acted, thereby conclu-
sively indorsing the remarks of the distin-
guished Senator from Wisconsin.
- The Senator tells us that this is the time
when honesty must prevail. Very -well, Mr.
President,"honesty always should prevail, and
if the great Repuplican party has been in 'error,
it ought to have been ignored long since. Bat
it is never too late, it is said, to do good while
breath is- in the body; but it occurred to me,
when my friend was standing there, that it
might well have been said by the Republican
party, " And you too, Brutus!!' Here is a fatal
stab at Republicanism in the State of Louis-
iana from the hand of one who has stood
forth time and again as its champion and de-
fender. How often for long years have we
been delighted with the sentiments expressed
by the distinguished gentleman in behalf of
Republicanism and in behalf of Republican
principles! But now he tells us we must act
honestly and the corpse must be buried.
Louisiana, so far as its being a Republican
State is concerned, is buried; for I can well
see what the vote is going to be here. There
can be no misunderstanding on that branch
of the subject. It does not matter what the
facts are.
Mr. President, I live close to Louisiana. I
know something about the history of this elec-
tion.' I did my best in speaking to' my fellow-
citizens in Louisiana in behalf of the Repub-
lican party. The name of my friend from
Massachusetts [Mr. Wit,sou] was not lo&t
sight of ifi those addresses. Arid he, too—I
regret it most sincerely—this" evening voted
not to sustain Louisiana and the Republican
party. But I see that to a very. g*eat fextenta
great many have been demoralized. There
seems to be something -remarkable in this
-matter. It may be that the party has become
so all-powerful as to break itself down, just
as the Democratic party did about tlje- year
I860. That party had reached that high po-
litical stand-point that they broke themselves
down; and the Ides of March are upon th'e
Republican party now. There "is no denying
that fact.
Who is. it that pretends to say there was a "
fair election in the State of Louisiana? The
fact does not exist. I am well acquainted
with many of the citizens, white and black, in
the town of Shreveport, and have been for
thirty years. It is the largest city in the
State'of Louisiana Outside of New Orleang.
Democracy in ' Shreveport is just what it
is all over the South. The Democrats there
declared on all .occasions, "anything to beat
•Grant," and they were there working up to
that measure beyond a question. Faithful
were they in their endeavors. I know not
what the testimony is here' touching the vote
of Caddo parish, in which Shreveport is to be
found, but I am very well aware of the fact
that in the city of Shreveport there was a
majority of nine votes for the Kellogg party;
there were several voting points in the parish
of Caddo, and all told there was still a major-
ity in the parish for General Grant, Mr. Kel-
logg, and the Republican party, but it was
made known to a remote voting point that
they had inaugurated for this especial purpose
called Mooringsport, and when the box came
in from Mooringsport there it was able to
swallow up all the balance aud bring out a
majority of some hundred or two for the
McEnery party. It was well understood there
directly afterward that the marshal or deputy
sheriff who had charge of that box got down
on the rbadside and threW out the vote that
had been 'deposited there by -the voters and
stufft-'d if and brought it in, and the next thing
h.e was off in Texas close by me on'the scout.
Tlrey were after iim. "
-When I came on here through Shreveport
that thing seemed to be well understood there.
There were Democrats on that occasion in the
town of Shreveport that were good men, aud
they are to be found everywhere in the United
States—Democrats who are high-toned gen-
tlemen of the very best order. I condemn
them not individually and at large; bu t upon
this occasion I was told by a leading gentle-
man, perhaps worth more property than any
other one in that city, a gentleman with whom
I have been on most familiar terms—#e have
•been like brothers for thirty years, though
never agreeing in politics—" Flanagax, I
could not stanct this election ;'I saw'' (I do not
recollect now how many hundreds he said)
'' of colored men, who were at the polls waiting
the whole da/, and they never were permitted
to vote; it was foul." f was there further
told that Governor Warmoth had sent a man
from the city of New Orleans"to act as regis-
trar in the proud city of Shreveport, in Caddo
parish. Sir, will not the same things be done
again under the same rule ?
Those are facts that I am familiar with;
there is no mistake about them ; they are un-
mistakable ; and am I to be told that the Sen-
ate of the United States is going back upon
its former action at this day! What does my
friend of whom I am so fond, the Senator
from Georgia, [Mr. Hill,] tell us in behalf
of his amendment? He is very candid, but
the most candid gentleman can sometimes be
