1888
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 27,
mistaken; it belongs to human natare. Said
he, " Alexander Stephens was elected bat the
other day to the Congress of the United States
without opposition.'' Well, I declare I Is
there anything remarkable in that? Not to
me. Why, Alexander Stephens was a seces-
sionist. Go where yon will in the South now,
and you will find that if an individual of any
distinction as a secessionist, whether he had
been the vice president of the southern con-
federacy or whatever political position he may
have held, elevated or otherwise, comes for-
ward as a candidate for office, all others are
ignored; he is the man who will get the south-
ern votes beyond question. They have no use
for a Union man. Hav.e they had any use for
my friend, to continue him where he has ac-
quitted himself so well, in the Senate of the
United States? Not a bit of it. He was ori-
ginally a Union man, and he adhered to the
Union; and for having thus done I am enabled
Eleasantly to look at him this evening. If he
ad not been a Union man he would not have
been there. Having been a Union man he
will soon retire from that chair. Those are
stubborn facts; they cannot be gainsaid.
The other morning we had a bill before us
for the removal of the political disabilities of
A, B, and C, I do not recollect who they were,
and I proposed to add the name of Jefferson
Davis. I was in good faith; I would vote for
the removal of the political disabilities of Jeffer-
son Davis, and you might include the woman
he had in the car with him, and I would still
do the same.
I would go the whole figure. Let them all
come in and share alike of the good things of
the country. More thanayearago I announced
here that there was a great mistake abroad.
When the distinguished and lamented Greeley
went down to Richmond and became the vol-
untary bondsman of Jefferson Davis, I knew,
and 1 said at that time, that they were mistaken
about the southern people, that they would
have no use for a man who had any feeling of
sympathy with the perpetuation of this great
Union, and ultimately he did find it to be the
case. True, there were a great many Demo-
crats who voted for him; but all they did was
to apologize on their policy " anything to beat
Grant." Thus they will act again whenever
they have the power. When will they have
power? In my humble opinion at a very early
day; the evidences are clear that it will be at
a very early day. Why will they have it?
Because there are very many gentlemen who
know themselves to be fully competent and
every way prepared to make excellent Presi-
dents of the United States, and every one of
them sympathize with the South, believing
that if he cannot get that support his success
will be very questionable. But let me now
admonish these friends of this fact to-night,
and I ask them to recollect what I declare
upon this occasion, be he who he may in the
future, let him go as far as any man has gone ;
ay, further if you please, let him respond to
their wishes in relieving them in every sense
of the word, and yet he will find that they
will have no use for him in the world; if
Jeff. Davis and Alexander Stephens are free,
they will take them, because they know who
they are and what they are; they have been
well tried and weighed in the balance and not
found wanting upon the subject of secession
and declared determination to break up this
great Union; and who ever lives to see it will
realize it. You may just as well stand firm,
because in all your operations upon that polit-
ical line you will be discarded by the South
just as readily as the lamented Greeley was.
It is the history of man, and it will be realized
again.
My distinguished friend, the Senator from
Vermont, [Mr. Edmunds,] said he would have
done thus and so in the past. Very well; but
we are in the present, and the question is now,
what are you to do? You are not out of the
woods j you have gone back upon Kellogg in
Louisiana, and other States hard by will be
advised of that fact before the sun shines in
the morning. The rebel element will give you
no credit for what you have done, and they
will declare that you were bound to do it, and
they will say to their friends, " The day is
now dawning as we have told you it would ;
justice is being meted out to us; it has been
drawn from them by the strong grasp, how-
ever, but .we knew it had to come, and come
it has. It is our day now, and we will show
them that we are all right." As for as I am
concerned, my time in life is not very long
anyhow, and even if it was, I would try to
conduct myself so as to get along and live
with them as I have always done, though I
never served but one political master, and that
straightforwardly; and I would be a Repub-
lican and vote the Republican ticket if every
man in the great State of Texas, which I have
the honor in part to represent, should turn
Democrat. I expect nothing; I am perfectly
free and easy; I will stand firm. Other men,
younger than I am, more supple and more
elastic, can play out of one party and into
another, Democratic, Liberal Republican, Re-
publican, Conservative, anything and every-
thing, without the least trouble upon earth.
That may suit very well for the time, but
generally it does not last long.
Now, Mr. President, when we reflect that
there is a republican government organized in
Louisiana, it will be seen that we have gotten
through the difficulties there. I say "we,"
because, as I have said, I live hard by them.
Their interest is my interest, and I feel for
them, because in feeling for them I feel for
myself. I know the sympathies of Texas and
Louisiana, the one for the other. Thousands
and millions of dollars in the way of commerce
pass from one of these States to the other
annually; their people are identified; they
mingle in every sense of the word daily in
large numbers. Let Louisiana be surrendered
now, and Texas will follow likewise. What is
Texas? It is like the small cloud that was
seen once. In area Texas has two hundred
and seventy-five thousand square miles; peo-
ple are pouring into it from the State of every
Senator in this Chamber; they are going there
just as pigeons after mast, in untold quan-
tities; and let me say to you, Senators, who
are voting as you please, for certainly that is
your right, that the day is not distant when
the question will be in great political strug-
gles, just as is now with New York, Penn-
sylvania, Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois, all in a
line, "How goes Texas?" What is the inter-
rogatory so far as those States are concerned?
The question is, " How is Pennsylvania going
in this election?" or either one of these other
great States. The day is not distant when it
will be asked then as loudly of Texas as of
Pennsylvania or those other great States how
are they going, "How is Texas going?" She
has got an area equal to five such States as
Pennsylvania, the great Keystone State of the
nation, the mighty iron State, with the great
manufacturing cities of Philadelphia and Pitts-
burg. But time regulates those things. The
testimony is against you, the handwriting is
upon the wall, and at no distant day you will
realize it. He who runs can read, and all are
found to do so. Now, that is a plain thing to
the people down in my region of country.
We were all gratified here a few days ago to
hear that Spain had declared for republicanism,
and we fondly hope that at a very early day a
liberty pole will be hoisted in Cuba. It is not
done yet, nor in my opinion will Spain be
long able to sustain herself; but the crowned
heads of Europe will veto her action; they
will repudiate her action, and the pressure
will become so great that I fear she will not
be able to resist it. France is tottering. Noth-
ing but the death of the great Napoleon leaves
France to-day politically as she is, because I
think they were just upon the very verge of
a political volcano they are as though Vesuvius
and Etna were both bursting forth. I think
Louis Napoleon would have been at the head
of the Government to-day but for his death,
and if he had been reinstated Spain would not
have been a Republic to-day.
Why, sir, in the South during the days of
secession they there proclaimed from the
housetops, " Any Government under heaven;
give us a king, give us anything rather than
such a Government as we were living under
before we seceded." Thousands and thou-
sands of them did not love this Government;
I wish they did; but they are good citizens now.
Why are they good citizens now ? Oh 1 deplor-
ably was it made known to-day by my distin-
guished friend, the Senator from Wisconsin,
when he said, " This government of Kellogg's
in Louisiana is a government of bayonets; it
is sustained by the power of the Federal
armies through its soldiers." Well, Mr. Pres-
ident, is that any very remarkable circum-
stance ? How long has it been since it was
fondly_ said that the distinguished Farragut
was lying with his boat before the beautiful
Canal street of New Orleans, one of the most
beautiful streets known to this nation, one of
the richest streets in any city known in any
Government. His guns were ready to bear
on it, and that people succumbed. That saved
the city of New Orleans ; it saved the South ;
and now it is only the seeds that were then
sown which are still, to some extent, sprouting,
and sprouting wholesomely, because those
troops having been placed there blood has not
flowed. Would it not have done so in the
absence of those troops? If it would not,
that which was solemnly declared by those wbo
claimed to be clothed with legal authority there
told that which was not correct.
They now say, " Hands off so far as the
United States is concerned, and we will ride
over Kellogg roughshod, and will have no
difficulty about that, even including the handful
of men that march under the stars and stripes,
to the tune of Yankee Doodle." They could
put them through in short meter, and you
would hear nothing but Dixie played, and
they play it most excellently. But that is part
and parcel of our country. I live South; I
was born in the South, raised in it, never lived
out of it, nor do I ever expect to. I hope to
die in it; I love k; I love its sunny clime; I
love it in every sense of-the word; and the
Eeople of the South, as a whole, never would
ave seceded; they loved the Union; but in-
terested demagogues for self aggrandizement,
as the great Lee said when he was summoned
before the Reconstruction Committee and was
interrogated as to thereason of the war, induced
the people to follow them. He answered very
candidly, and stated that he was no politician;
but, said he, " My opinion is that if the masses
had been let alone by the politicians North and
South, there never would have been any seces-
sion." I have no doubt about the truth of
that.
Thousands and thousands of as good men
as blood ever ran through the veins of live in
the South to-day, and believe that secession is
right because it was inculcated by these poli-
ticians. What is it that politicians will not
do to sacrifice a Government? What is it in
the history of nations that they have not done ?
Why during our rebellion you might in the
South get under the boughs of a beautiful
green-leaved tree, an orange tree perhaps, lie
down upon your couch, and take Josephus and
open anywhere in it and read, and you could
see the characters portrayed there that were to
be seen all through the rebellion. Here they
are to-day as they were thousands of years
ago, almost the same thing, and just so they
are yet. If we had held firm in the Repub-
lican party, carrying out reconstruction in the
manner it was inaugurated at a very early
period, everything would have been very hap-
pily adjusted. But now one end of the string
is loose, and I think the other is becoming
so very rapidly. A rope-walker could not
