1800
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 27*
low, Buckingham, Caldwetl, Cameron, Chandler,
Colo,. Fqnto'6, .ITerry of Connecticut, Goldthwaite,
Hamilton of Texas, Hitchcock, Lewis, Morrill of
Maine,Morrill of Vermont, Morton, Sfye, Patter-
son, Pometoy, Pool, Pratt, Ilico, Robertson, Scott,
Spencer, Sumner, Tipton, Vickers, Windom, and
Wright—32. '
So the amendment was rejected.
•Mr. HOWB. I am going to venture to sub-
mit an Amendment myself. [Laughter.]
Mr, President, that a human being could
laugh at such, a suggestion evidences a degree
of temerity, or audacity, or whatever it may
be called, that I did not suppose any of my
colleagues on this floor possessed. I could
not vote for the amendment submitted by the
Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Sherman.] The only
one thing X ielt at all sure of-about this whole
business was that I ought not to vote for that
amendment. It Seemed to me that that amend-
ment contained just, two propositions utterly
inconsistent with each other.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Was that any objection?
Mr. HOWE. That was a slight objection
to me &t that time of night That amendment
proposed that we shofild say that the election
in November last in Louisiana was void. That
was the first proposition, and the second was
not at all like • onto it, that one of the tickets
voted for bt that election should constitute
the government of Louisiana for some time
to come." Now, if the first proposition was
correct, if it be true—and we know it is true,
and we are prepared to say it is true that that
election was a nullity—I did not suppose there
could be any two opinions in this Senate that
the conclusion of the committee was correct;
that is, that the government which existed in
Louisiana at that time should continue to be
a government in Louisiana until there was
one elected. I supposed that everybody in the
Senate was agreed to that proposition. I had
not hfeard it disputed. Therefore I could not
vote for the amehdment of the Senator from
Ohio. I could not v.ot.e for the first proposi-
tion very satisfactorily to myself.
Upon my word'I do not know that that elec-
tion was a nullityj and I think I have a right
to be in doubt about that. Louisiana is in
doubt about it,; the people of Louisiana are
not agreed about that; and it is not very cer-
tain that we can reproach very much the peo-
ple of Louisiana for their uncertainty, for here
in the Senate of the United States, supposed
to be made up of some of the intelligent men
of the nation, it is just as certain that we are
not agreed about it. i'hat might happen be-
cause we are not so well informed as to the
facts, all of us, as the people of Louisiana
are; but herfe is the committee'charged by the
Senate witli the special duty ot' looking into
this whole question, tliis committee which has
spent weeks in examining witnesses, in read-
ing laws artd constitutions and other testimony,
and it is hot at all agreed as to whether there
was a valid eleotion in Louisiana in November
last or hbt. Therefore I do not want to say
that that wa^ a nullity. I do not, want to say
which tff thosp two tickets did receive a ma-
jority of the votes east on that day. I do not
want t) say upon my official responsibility
whether the votes cast on that day did actually
make known and reveal the true wish and will
of the people of Louisiana. I do not know
enough to express an opinion. The dispute is
so sharp upon that point that rather than un-
dertake to settle it myself or to see the Senate
or Congress settle it, 1 would a little rather
see the people of Louisiana say for themselves
again under fairer auspices what that wish is.
Now, it does not strike me that it can be a
very great wrong to let them speak again.
That is what we all have to do very often.
When we do not speak audibly, or distinctly,
or intelligibly at the first time of trying, we
have to speak again. It is a little more
trouble for a State to speak than it is for some
of us on this floor. That is clear; but that
only shows the greater importance of their
speaking intelligibly and clearly and dis-
tinctly at the first time of trying. They ca'ri
if they choose. There is no necessity for such
a state of things as manifestly appears in
Louisiana to-day ; th^re is no excuse for such
a state of things as exists in Louisiana! to-day.
I have concluded, therefore, Mr. President,
to submit this proposition: to strike out from
the first section the words after "State" in
the eighth line down to and including tbew'ord
" States" in the thirteenth line, and to insert
in lieu of them these words:
Having resulted in producing two organizations,
each claiming to be the rightful government of
Louisiana, and each abjured by a.large portion of
t.ho people of that State, it is hereby declared that,
the organisation heretofore recognized by the Presi-
dent shall be rocognized as the de facto govern-
ment.
I think the statement of one allegation of
fact contained there will not be contradicted.
"Whether there was a valid or ah invalid elec-
tion in November, it has proddced two just
such political organizations, just such d, dis-
pute down there, and we do not seem very
well prepared to settle it. I am not, for One.
If I have to apologize for anything in this
amendment it is for the declaration that we
will recognize the government which the ex-
ecutive department of this Government Has
already recognized while this new election is
taking place.
From all I have heard, all that has bfeeti said
here, and all I have been able to read on the
subject, which is far less than I ought to have
read, I think there are as many reasons for
believing that that government does reflect the
wish of the people of Louisiana as there are
for believing that any other organization re-
flects that will. It is not an intolerable hard-
ship to recognize either one or the other, and
I, as I do not know which is the trite ohe, and
as I think there are rather more evidences on
the whole in favor of the legitimacy of this
than of the other, as the case stands; as this
Kellogg government, so called, seems to be
recognized by about as many of the people to-
day as recognize the other, and as it seems to
be acknowledged by the judicial authorities of
Louisiana, so far as we have heatd from the
judicial authorities of Louisiana, I am inclined
to take my hat off to that organization for the
present rather than to the other.
I should prefer, for my individual self, to
take no responsibility about this matter at all
to decree another election if the Legislature
were agreed to do that, and to say nothing
about what should be th<j government. In the
mean time, let that struggle go on as tliepeople
of Louisiana see fit to guide it tlier<5. But we
happen to know officially that it would r'esult
in the same thing. The President, With that
candor which becomes the chief .Executive,
has told us that he will give no other direijtion,
he will stand himself by the recognition already
made. Now it seems to me th.it <ve otlght to
treat the Executive with the same c&ridor that
he does us. If we are prepared to accept his
position we ought to say so. If we think he
ought to take another position, we ought to
say that with equal explicitiiefes. And for the
reason I have already given as I .would leather
agree to stand by the position lie has taken
than by any other that has been pointed out
to me, I have proposed to recognize that gov-
ernment.
Mr. President, this is about all I am going
to say. I am about to make a special apology
to my friend, the Senator from Illinois, who
took so much pains to enlighten me on this
subject, and who did give rag a great deal Of
information that I have no doubt was correct
and that I rely upon ; but nevertheless I do
not know just how many people of the State
of Louisiana were prevented from voting either
by tampering with the registration list or witb
the election itself. There were some very
extraordinary things took place in those re-
spects. That one piece of management reoited'
by the Senators themselves in the colloquy
that took place between themselves is the
most unaccountable one I think in" the history
of Governments. There was the executive of
a' State, clothed ■ with- the. veto power, with a-,
bill in his -portfolio which he held there for
months, a bill whieh abolished that tribunal^,
which as the law stood was clothed with the;
prerogative of couiiting the votes of the State..
He held it there for -mo'nths; he held it until
the election had taken place; he held it until
the returns of that .election had been made?
he held it until those returns had been placed
in. the hands of a board claiming to be the
true board and possessing the. prerogative of
counting and making known the result to be
gathered from the face of those returns, and
until that board had been ordered by a judicial
tribunal—rightly or wrongfully I will not stop
to consider, it is not material—that board had
been directed by a judicial tribunal not to
count the votes, and when that was .done the
executive of the State pulled out of his port-
folio this bill, breathed into it the breath of
life, put his signature to it, and so abolished;
the old board and thereby created a new
board; that is to say, authorized the creation
of a new board, and then went on to appoint'
its members. On my life I cannot conceive
any reasoning which would prompt a man to
go through such an evolution as that if there,
was not some vefy hard counting to .be done.-
That is the only inference I can draw. Thafe
is one incident to which my attention has been
called, and that I speak of because I get it
from the lips of the Senator from Illinois him-
self, and because it has made a very different
impression.upon my mind from what it seems
to have made upon his own.
Mr. President, I shall not detain the Senate
longer.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The, ques-
tion is on the.amendment of the Senator from
Wisconsin, [Mr. Howe.]
Mr. HOWB called for the yeas and nays'f
and they were ordered.
Mr. GOLDTHWAITE. I am paired with
my colleagde, [Mr. Spencer.] If he were
here I should vote "yea" and he would vote
'•nay."
The (Juestioh being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 20, nays 18 ; as follows :
YEAS— Messrs. Boreman, Carpenter, - Clayton,
Conkling, Corbett, 'Cragin, Berry of Michigan,
Flanagan, Erelinghaysen, Gilbert, Hamlin, Harlan,
Howe, Osborn, Ramsey, Sawyer, Sherman, Stewart.
We3t, ,tnd Wilson—20.
NAYS — Messrs. Bayard, Casserly, Cooper, Davis,
Edmunds, Hamilton of Maryland, Johnston, Kelly,
Machen, Norwood, Ransom, Saulsbury, Schurz,
Sprague, Stevenson, Stockton, Thurman, and Trum-
bull—18,
ABSBSI—Messrs. Alcorn, Ames, Anthony, Blair,
Brownlow, Buckingham, Caldwell, Cameron,
Chandler, Cole, Fenton, Ferry of Connecticut, Gold-
thwaite, Hamilton of Texas, Hill, Hitchcock, Lewis,
Logan, Morrill of Maine, Morrill of. Vermont,
Morton, Nye, Patterson; Pomeroy, Pool, Pratt, Rica,
Robertson, Scott, Spancer, Sumner, Tipton, Vickersj
Wmdom, and Wright—35.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WEST. In section five I move to
strike out, after the word "that," the words
"that the existing police jury wards in the"
and iusert " that each parish ; " so as to make
the section read:
That each parish of said State shall constitute a
separate election precinct
This proceeding is entirely contrary to the
manner in which we have divided our parishes
in the State of Louisiana in all previous elec-
tions. It proposes to divide them up into
various election precincts, which will be very
embarrassing to our people there. They do
hot understand it. Under the old rule of pro-
ceediHg_ they have always voted throughout
the parish, just as well in one ward as in
another. If you make that restriction you
will embarrass them and create eonfusion, and
you must understand the class of people you
are dealing with. I moveto so amend the bill
that it shall accord withthe laws of the State of
Louisiana, so as, instead of " that the existing
police jury wards in the parishes of .Said-State
shall each constitute a separate election pre-
