930
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January
ing enrolled bills; and they were thereupon
signed by the Vice President:
A bill (H. R. No. 2345) for the relief of
Daniel 0. Cleveland, postmaster at Broadal-
bin, in the State of New York ;
A bill (H. R. No. 2478) granting a pension
to Sarah Baird;
A bill (H. R. No. 2538) granting a pension
to Mary A. Chute; and
A bill (S. No. 1367) for the relief of John T
Mason, formerly collector of customs of Balti-
more, and late United States designated
depositary.
executive communication.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate a letter of the Attorney General, trans-
mitting, in compliance with a resolution of the
Senate of the 20th instant, a report relating to
the operations of the Department of Justice
for the last fiscal year; which was referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary, and ordered
to be printed.
error in an enrolled bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I inquire of the Chair
whether it is still in time to move to reconsider
the vote of the Senate adopting the resolution
just returned to us from the House, correct-
ing the error in the enrollment of a certain
bill?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair thinks,
this being a concurrent resolution, agreed
to by both branches, it becomes an accom-
plished fact, liable, however, to be rescinded
by both branches. The rule of reconsidera-
tion would apply, of eoursc, on an amendment
to the pending appropriation bill, while it
remains in its present condition. But if the
bill had been passed and sent to the House
of Representatives, a motion to reconsider an
amendment which is behind the third reading
of course could not be in order until the bill
was back to that stage. The Chair therefore
thinks the proper way, with deference to the
suggestion of the Senator from Vermont,
would be, as this appears to be an accom-
plished fact by both Houses, that the proper
way to rescind would be by a concurrent reso-
lution of both Houses.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I merely wish to say,
then, that 1 think we have passed this bill
under a misapprehension of the facts and of its
bearing upon very important public interests,
and that I hope some way will be found to
arrest its progress.
The ViCE PRESIDENT. The bill was
signed by the Presiding Officers of both Houses
as tlu; Chair is informed, but the error was
discovered before the bill was presented to
the President.
legislative, etc , appropriation bill.
The Senate resinned the consideration of
bill (H. It. No. 2991) making appropriations
for the legislative, executive, and judicial ex-
penses of the Government for the year ending
June 30, 187-1, and for other purposes, the
pending question being on the motion of Mr.
Wlugiit to reconsider the vote of the Senate
agreeing to the amendment offered by Mr.
Sheiiman.
Mr. THURMAN. I stated yesterday that
I should desire to make some observations to-
day on the general question of the propriety
of raising salaries. On reflection, however,
and on an examination of this amendment,
seeing that it refers only to twelve or fifteen
officers, and that the amount involved is very
small, I think it better to defer giving the rea-
sons of my opposition to an increase of sala-
ries until another measure which is likely, I am
told, to come before the Senate, embracing a
large number of persons, shall be tak^n up
for consideration. 1 therefore content myself
with saying now that I am opposed to the in-
crease of salaries, and at the proper time will
ask the Senate to indulge me in stating very
brieily the reasons of my opposition.
Mr. BOHR MAN, 1 should like to have
the provision reported the reconsideration of
which is asked.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr.^ An-
thony in the chair.) The Secretary will re-
port the amendment upon which a reconsider-
ation is asked.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
That from and after the 1st day of January, 1873,
the salaries of the Assistant Secretaries, the Soli-
citor. the Register, and the Supervising Architect of
the Treasury Department, the Assistant Secretary
of the Interior, the Commissioner of Indian Affairs,
the Commissioner of Agriculture, the Commissioner
of Customs, the Auditors of the Treasury, the Com-
missioner of the General Land Office, the Commis-
sioner of Pensions, and the Assistant Postmasters
General, the superintendent of the money order
system, and the superintendent of foreign mails
of the Post Office Department, shall be $4,000 each
per annum.
Mr. SAWYER. Is it competent to amend
that amendment in its present condition ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is not.
The pending question is on the motion to
reconsider. If it shall be reconsidered, then
the question will be on adopting the amend-
ment, and it will be amendable.
Mr. WRIGHT. Having made the motion
to reconsider, I deem it proper for me to state
that I made it out of courtesy to the Senator
from Vermont, [Mr. Edmunds,] and that I
shall not vote for the motion myself. Having
made the motion, if I should vote against it, it
might seem that 1 was inconsistent. It will
be remembered that at the last session I took
occasion to express my opposition to this
method of advancing salaries upon appropria-
tion bills. At that time any effort in that di-
rection was unsuccessful. I am satisfied that
if we advance the salaries at all, this is about
the only way we can do it, as matters stand,
and I think there are such abundant reasons
why some of those salaries at least should be
advanced that I shall vote for the amendment
and against the reconsideration.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask Senator whether the
he hud not. better withdraw the motion to re-
consider? That will settle the matter at once.
1 do not think it worth while to consume time
whh it.
Mr. WRIGHT. I hardly think that would
be just to the Senator from Vermont, who is
not now in his seat.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It requires
the assent of the Senate to withdraw the mo-
tion to reconsider.
Mr. SHERMAN. Very well; we can take
the vote in a moment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the reconsideration.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. I call for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 14, nays 33 ; as follow:
YEAS — Messrs. Conkling, Cooper, Davis, Ed-
munds, Goldthwaite, Hamilton of Maryland, Ham-
ilton of Texas, Muchen. Morrill of Maine, Saulsbury,
Stovenson, Thuriuan, Tiptou, and Vickers—14.
NAYS —Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Blair, Bore-
rann, Buckingham, Cameron, Casserly, Chandler,
Cole, Corbcrt, Cragm, Ferry of Connecticut, Kerry
of Michigan, Freluighuysen, iiaralin, Johnston,
Morrill of Vermont, Norwood, Patterson, Pool,
Pratt, Ramsey, Robertson, Sawyer, Sclmrz, Scott,
Sherman, Spencer, Sprag'ue, Stewart, Stockton,
Windom, and Wright—S3.
ABSENT—Messrs. Alcorn,Ames, Brownlow, Cald-
well, Carpenter, Clayton, Benton, Flanagan, Gilbert,
Harlan, Hill, Hitchcock,Howe, Kelly, Lewis, Logan,
Morton, Nye, Osborn, Pomeroy, Ransom, Rice, Sum-
ner, Trumbull, West, and Wilson—26.
So the motion to reconsider was not agreed
to.
Mr. SAWYER. I am requested by the
Senator from Indiana, [Mr. Morton,] who is
necessarily engaged in a committee-room, to
offer the following amendment:
That the deputy commissioners of internal rev-
enue shall rcceivo each $4,000 per annum, for which
amount appropriation is hereby made.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
amendment come from a committee ?
Mr. SAWYER. It was submitted by the
Senator from Indiana. J do not know what
its history is beyond that.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I do not think
it is reported from a committee.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It has been
referred to the Committee on Appropriations,
but does it come from a standing commit-
tee ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I am not advised
as to that. ,.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Then the'
amendment is not in order.
Mr. WINDOM. On page 58 of the bill I
move to strike out line fourteen hundred and
seven, the words "for temporary clerks,
$10,000." When this bill was before the
Committee on Appropriations a different state
of things existed from that on which I can
now congratulate the country. When the
estimates were submitted upon which the pend-
ing bill is based it was anticipated that a very
large force would be needed in the Post Office
Department by reason of the great amount of
free matter to be transmitted through the mails.
But, Mr. President, after many years of severe
labor, of patient, earnest, and persistent effort,
we are at last able to announce the gratifying
fact that the franking privilege is repealed. I
invite the attention of my colleague, to whom I
think the country owes more than to any other
man for this great reform. If you will turn
for a moment to the report of the Postmaslcr
General for the present year you will find the
following:
" By reference to the special report made to Con-
gress on the 12th of January, 1871, it will appear
that the actual cost of free matter, if charged with
the regular rates of postage, was then $2,543,329 72."
And the entire expenditure of the Post
Office Department for that year was $24,390,-
104 08, showing that more than one tenth of
the entire expenditure of the Post Office De-
partment was for the transmission of free mat-
ter under the franking privilege. Now, Mr.
President, if that be true, and undoubtedly it
is, as the Postmaster General has so stated in
his report, based upon a careful investigation
made by the aid of all the post offices of the
country, and made too at an expense, as he
says, in one single item for temporary clerks
in his office of §10.000 for one year—if that
report be true, I say, one tenth of all this ex-
pense was for the transmission of free mail
matter. Now, it occurs to me that we should
promptly follow out this great reform on
which we have so successfully entered by
endeavoring to save some money thereby.
When we have decreased the expenses of the
Post Office Department one tenth, we can
certainly dispense with some of the clerks of
that Department. And I feel the more free to
make this motion for the reason that I find in
the report of the Postmaster General, dated
January 12, 1871, this statement:
" Suitable records were provided in which all the
post offices were entered in alphabetical order, with
appropriate headings for the compilation of returns,
imd about the middle of October the work of enler-
ing them was commenced. Eight temporary clerks
wero employed, the regular clerical force of tlio
Department being insufficient to do this extra work."
Now, sir, I think this appropriation for eight
temporary clerks lound its place in the bill
when the Postmaster General was endeavoring
to expose the great abuses of the franking
privilege, and as it probably originated in that
way, it surely cannot be necessary now. I
give this as an additional reason why I think
this temporary appropriation should be stricken
out. I think it should be followed by a motion
to reduce the number of clerks in the regular
employment of the Department also, and I
hope that some Senator will second my effort
at reform by a motion in that direction.
Mr. President, it will be impossible to save
anything to the country by reason of the aboli-
tion of this great abuse, which has existed
since the organization of the Government,
unless we cut down the expenditures of the
Department on account of its repeal. And I
give notice now that when the Post Office ap-
propriation bill comes before the Senate, or
belore the Committee on Appropriations, for
