1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
931
action, I shall move to cut it down $2,543,-
327 72. I wish to be exact about the cents,
because, that was ascertained to be the exact
sum that the franking privilege cost the coun-
try. I have voted for its abolition at least
once a year I think for the last twelve years,
and I am happy now to congratulate my col-
league, and to accept his congratulations, that
with our joint efforts and that of the Senate
and House of Representatives, victory has at
last perched upon our banners. The urgent
request of the Postmaster General has been
acceded to, and this enormous abuse will exist
no more forever. He assured us we could
save over two and a half millions by its repeal,
and I desire to keep that money in the
Treasury.
But.to commence this reform, and to give
the country some evidence of the fact that we
were in earnest in destroying this hoary-headed
wrong, I wish to begin now by reducing the
expenses in that Department. As we have
diminished its business about ten per cent., let
us decrease the clerical force in that Depart-
ment somewhat in that proportion. Perhaps
not ten per cent., but so as to give some evi-
dence to the country that we intend to follow
this reform to its legitimate results, and act
upon the economical principles we have pro-
fessed. I will certainly have the active coop-
eration of my colleague, who represents the
Post Office Department in this movement, and
therefore I will say nothing further now.
Mr. HAMLIN. Before the Senator takes
his seat I hope he will allow me to ask him a
question.
Mr. WINDOM. Certainly.
Mr. HAMLIN. The great abuse will remain
for four months ; and now I put the question
to hirr, 
Mr. WINDOM. This is an appropriation
bill for the next fiscal year.
Mr. HAMLIN. Oh, I thought it would
apply to this year, and if it applied to this year
the diminution should only be sixty or seventy
per cent.
Mr. WINDOM. No; the abuse ends on
the 30th of June next, and the appropriation
we are now making commences when the
abuse ends, and consequently we can make
the diminution now.
Mr. RAMSEY. My colleague, however,
ought to remember that the expenses of the
Post Office Department, independent of this
franking abuse, are growing greatly every
year, and necessarily so, owing to the exten-
sion of, mail service in the country and the
like. The revenues now amount to about
twenty-four or twenty-five million dollars, and
the expenses to something more than that.
A hundred years after this it may be three or
four times that amount, and perhaps even in
twenty years.
Mr. WINDOM. Will my colleague allow
me to ask him a question on that point?
Mr. RAMSEY. Yes, sir.
Mr. WINDOM. Were not the estimates
of the Postmaster General for the next year
based on this anticipated increase as well as
upon the expectation that the franking priv-
ilege would still exist?
Mr. RAMSEY. The Post Office Depart-
ment were confident, I presume, that the
Senate and House of Representative would do
just what they have done, abolish the franking
privilege. Why this perpetual carping at the
Postmaster General about the abolition of the
franking privilege? Why attempt in every
way and form to punish him because of this
thiug? The congratulations of my honorable
friend and colleague do not seem to be very
sincere. They are always accompanied with
some kind of censure of the Postmaster Gen-
eral, that he has done this and that. Sir, he
is not the only Postmaster General who has
pressed the repeal of the franking privilege
upon Congress. The Postmasters General for
twenty-five years past have done the same
thing, one after the other. The President of
the United States has pressed it upon Con-
gress. The conventions at Cincinnati and at
Philadelphia likewise urged the abolition of
the franking privilege. Why, then, perpet-
ually find fault with the Postmaster General ?
Why try to cripple him in the appropria-
tions? Why try to take clerks from him
simply because of this thing ? All that will
be saved, even if it be two millions and a quar-
ter, will be overcome by the increased business
of the year.
Mr. WINDOM. But that is estimated for.
Mr. RAMSEY. I do not know that it is.
I am not informed on that subject. I say that
the Postmaster General presumed that we
would do what we have done, and I suppose
he has probably estimated upon that basis.
Mr. WINDOM. My colleague is unkind.
In all of his patient, persistent, and persever-
ing efforts to repeal the franking privilege, for
which I honor him so much, when the outside
world has been whispering that he was insin-
cere, he never yet has heard one intimation of
that kind from me. I have always stood by
him ; I have always voted with him; and now,
sir, when I come before the Senate and show
a good reason why we can diminish the ex-
penditures of the Department, he charges me
with insincerity. He has no more right to
charge me with being insincere now in my
effort to carry out to its legitimate conclu-
sions the reform which he has inaugurated,
than I have to charge him with insincerity in
urging that measure, and 1 never suspected
him of such a thing. I have never had the
slightest doubt that all the efforts he has
made for this repeal came from the very
depths of his soul. Is it not a little surpris-
ing, Mr. President, after we have been told
by my colleague year in and year out in all
his eloquent speeches on this subject that it
would save money to the Government, that
now when the first little puny effort is made
by myself to practically save ten thousand dol-
lars it should encounter his opposition ? I am
astonished and mortified, but I do not charge
him with insincerity.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I am sorry that
my colleague on the Committee on Appropri-
ations [Mr. Windom] feels it his duty to turn
reformer upon the bill which had his sanction
to be reported to the Senate. I have said
many times, and I repeat now, that it is not
the business of the Committee on Appropria-
tions to be reformers, so much as to appro-
priate for the public service as it is indicated
by law. There is no end to the delays in pro-
ceeding on an appropriation bill if everybody
feels at liberty to put upon it his views of what
the public service oat to be.
Now, my honorable friend and colleague on
the committee is met just as I supposed he
would be. His rosy views of reform in the
Post Office Department are met by a cold
denial on the part of my honorable friend who
has been the great reformer in that particular
direction, who thinks no such reform need be
expected, that the expenses of that Depart-
ment will go on increasing from time to time,
and you cannot take from it even so much as
a single clerk. I am not disappointed about
1 that at all. If I had been in the Senate the
other day when the bill for the repeal of the
franking privilege had passed, I should have
voted for it; nevertheless I should have voted
for it against my judgment, with the expecta-
tion of realizing precisely what, you see here
to-day. The expenses are not to be decreased
one dollar on account of it—not a shilling.
Nobody expects it. Nobody ever did make
a single estimate which satisfied me that the
franking privilege was a very essential element
in the expenses of the Post Office Department,
nor will it be at any time. They will go on
increasing to the end. If you move to strike
out the appropriation here, my honorable
friend who champions that course will tell you
this is not the precise place. None of us
expected that the abolition of .that privilege
would really reduce the expenses of the De-
partment, nor do I expect it.
But that was not my purpose in rising. My
honorable friend who makes this motion is
mistaken. We shall not make any reform. I
predict that; and I say it from what I under-
stand to be the necessities of that Department
precisely as are the necessities of the Depart-
ment of the Treasury on which you acted yes-
terday under a similar motion from the same
Senator. The service of those Departments
as it is now organized really needs this appro-
priation, from the best information I can get
from those Departments—information upon
which you have acted for the last five years.
Every appropriation committee for the last
five years has made the same appropriation
precisely, based upon what they understood to
be the necessities of the Departments. If you
strike it out here, you will put it in in some
other form, more inconvenient to you and just
as expensive to the Treasury. That is my pre-
diction about it. Therefore, as I voted against
the proposition yesterday, I shall vote against
it to-day ; but the Senate will probably follow
the vote of yesterday.
Mr. WINDOM. Mr. President, I confess
to a feeling of discouragement in my efforts
at reform. I supposed that I might, certainly
count upon my friend from Maine ; I had no
doubt about my colleague. But they having
failed me, I now begin to fear that I cannot
rely upon the Senate. The honorable Senator
from Maine says that nobody ever made an
estimate tending to show that the repeal of
the franking privilege would save money to
the Government.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. No; I said that
satisfied me that it would.
Mr. WINDOM. Then it seems to me .the
Senator is very hard to satisfy, because we
have the positive statement of the officer who
is charged with this Department of the Gov-
ernment, made upon full investigation, that
it would save the Government precisely
$2,543,327 72. I respectfully submit that an
estimate made as carefully as this, carried
down' to the very cent, should have convinced
my honorable friend, who has been so long
chairman of the Committee on Appropria-
tions, that we could save money to the Govern-
ment by the repeal of the franking privilege.
I desire to call the Senator's attention to
another thing in connection with this report
of the Postmaster General, upon which I, in
the simplicity of my heart, have acted, that he
may see how enormous this abuse has been.
For instance, in a carefully prepared report,
made upon returns from all the post offices of
the country, the Postmaster General in 1871
communicated to Congress the following in-
formation :
" From the above returns and estimates the fol-
lowing grand result is shown : total number of
franked letters for six months, 10,894,497."
Now, Mr. President, let us look at that
statement for a moment. That would make
21,788,994 letters franked in a year. Allowing
five hundred people to have the franking priv-
ilege, those five hundred had to write 43,578
letters per annum. Alfbwing three hundred
writing days in the year, each man was com-
pelled to write one hundred and forty-five
letters a day. Supposing that every man hav-
ing the franking privilege wrote constantly
eight hours every day, he would have to write
one letter every three and a third minutes for
every working hour in the year. This has
been demonstrated to us by the Postmaster
General. We have acted upon it. Now, does
the Senator from Maine suppose that with the
franking privilege abolished we are going to
average a letter every three and a third minutes
during the next fiscal year? I think not: and
if the number of letters is to be so decreased—
certainly it will be decreased one half—can
we not dispense with these eight temporary
clerks, who were appointed originally for the
express purpose of showing to the country
