1892
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February .27,
the election. But then a scheme was set on
foot for the purpose of overturning the result
of that election and that also had its support
from Washington. You find in order to
accomplish this object a Federal judge, a
United States district judge, was brought in in
addition to a United States marshal, a district
attorney, and officers here in Washington.
The district judge for the district of Louisiana
is brought into the plan ; and, sir, there is
sent out from the city of Washington, not ou
the requisition of the marshal, not because the
authority of the court had been resisted, but
so far as the record shows or the testimony
discloses or we could learn, an order comes
from the city of Washington on the 3d day
of December, directed to this United States
marshal, who is the head of the State Repub-
lican committee for the State of Louisiana,
using all his official power and patronage, an
order comes to him telling him that he will be
sustained in executing all the orders and
decrees of the United States court. Judge
Durell had not then made his order to seize
the State house.
But, sir, no sooner does the order reach
New Orleans and the marshal is informed that
he is to execute whatever orders or decrees
the judge may issue, than troops are ordered
from Florida to New Orleans, and when those
troops arrive this judge makes the order to
seize the State house; the marshal calls upon
the troops and they take possession of that
State house ; they hold it -by force, and they
exclude from taking part iti the organization
of the Legislature the men who were elected
according to the legal returns by the voters
of Louisiana, and under the decree of this
court nobody is permitted to take part in that
Legislature but persons who are returned as
elected by a board that never had a return
before it. Forged affidavits of persons who
did not vote at all are made the foundation
upon which a Legislature is organized; and
this was an act of usurpation on the part of
the judge, denounced as such by the Senator
from Indiana, denounced as such by the report
of the majority of the committee, denounced
as such by the individual opinion of every
member of that committee.
The court acted without authority, whose
orders were utterly void, taking jurisdiction of
a question which by no possibility could ever
come under the jurisdiction of a Federal court.
We all agree iu this. The Kellogg government
is thus setup and is held up by the bayonets of
the United States, and the apology made here
and the excuse that it is the duty of the Presi-
dent, by force of arms, to uphold a govern-
ment thus set up; and now the Congress of the
United States is asked to give its sanction to
the setting up of a government in this way.
Farewell, Mr. President, to all elections,
farewell to all State organizations when by
usurped authority a Federal judge can over-
turn a State government aud set up another
in its place. Why, sir, the committee itself
reports that the judge might just as well have
issued an order to take possession of this Cap-
itol. Was it intended at that time, before the
presidential election, to carry that election by
those in power, no matter by what means?
Was this a scheme and dusign set on foot prior
to the election by which those in authority
were to be counted in, whether elected by the
people or not.
Why, sir, a similar state of things almost
existed in Arkansas, a like condition of things
iu Alabama, a condition of things very similar
< in Florida. State after State was placed under
the control of Federal authority. It is true
the result of the presidential election was such
that the returns from these States would not
change the result; but, sir, had the result
depended upon these States, they were to be
counted at any rate. Why, sir, the Senator
from Indiana talks about preserving the rights
af a State; and he says that if Congress can
interpose to stop the interference of Federal
authority through the Executive in a State,
when another party is in power and on an
excuse less than this, the State government
in any of our States may be changed. Is not
here a change of a State government? What
safety is there for a government when a dis-
trict judge can organize the Legislature as the
Senator from Indiana himself admits that this
was organized, a Legislature of men who
never had a single vote returned in accord-
ance with the law, composed of men not elected
at all.
Now if a Federal judge of a district court in
Louisiana can organize the Legislature of that
State, and the President of the United States is
to be justified in sustaining him in doing it be-
cause it is done by usurped authority, you
cannot draw a distinction. You admit that
this was a usurpation; you admit that it was
utterly void. Then by a void order, you agree
a State organization may be set up. By a void
order you therefore may change the State
organization in any of the States of the Union.
The Army is to be called in to assist, and then
Congress is to recognize the usurpers who have
thus been put in power because they have been
put in power; and the Senator from Wisconsin
who has denounced in the strongest language
that could be used this usurpation, is found
ready to give his vote to say that he will recog-
nize the government he has thus denounced.
Mr. MORTON. Will the Senator allow me
to make a statement?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Yes, sir.
Mr. MORTON. I ask him if he is not
somewhat 111 error now in regard to the Sena-
tor from Wisconsin? The Senator from Wis-
consin by adopting this amendment says now
he is in doubt as to which was the true Gov-
ernment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. He provides to sustain
it. He was in no doubt when he wrote his
report. The Senator from Wisconsin was in
no doubt when he wrote his report that this
government was a government of usurpers-
Mr. MORTON. He was not this morning
6ithi6r
Mr. TRUMBULL. No; he was not this
morning. His doubts have come upon him
since he addressed the Senate.
Why, Mr President, an election is a farce
and a State government amounts to nothing
if such things as these can be done. It is so
monstrous that no argument, no exposition
can make it appear more hideous than it is.
What could be more at war with every prin-
ciple of an election or of a free government
than that by the act of a usurping judge a
State Legislature may be set up? Why, sir, it
is worse than the act of an individal who held
no office, for a judge ought to know better.
If some brigand, if some Mexican from over
the line had come into the city of New Orleans
and had issued an order by which a body of
men had been convened, called a Legisla-
ture, the act would have been more excusable
than this act of the judge of a United States
court. .
Mr. President, have we come to this ? Is
the Senate prepared to sanction such things as
this? Why, sir, the whole atmosphere seems
to be filled with the symptoms of disinte-
gration. It is not only in Louisiana, but in
other States of the Union, as I have already
enumerated, similar interference took place.
There is a State not as distant as Louisiana
where the frauds in the State election in my
judgment were fourfold what they were in
Louisiana ; a State where men have been con-
victed in the Federal courts even of repeating
at the election, have been sentenced to prison,
and I am mortified to say have been pardoned
out when convicted of cheating at elections and
repeating their votes. What is an election
worth if the Chief Magistrate holds that elec-
tion by the votes of repeaters whom he saves
from the penitentiary by pardons ?
Mr. MORTON. Is the Senator referring to
Kentucky ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am referring to a
State nearer than Kentucky. I did not know
that repeaters in Kentucky had been pardoned
by the President. If the Senator has such
information, it only adds to the stock of inform-
ation that I have received.
Now, sir, this thing it seems is to go on. It
seems that even those Senators who denounced
this outrage in language so strong, for some
reason or other are prepared to recognize that
government, which not twenty-four hours, yea,
not five hours ago, they were prepared to de-
nounce. I regret it.
I have said in the earlier part of the night
that there was no evidence, in my judgment,
showing any considerable fraud in the election
in Louisiana, no evidence that affected the
election substantially, and such I think is the
truth of the case; but about that there is a
difference of opinion. There is no difference
of opinion as to the character of the Pinch-
back or Kellogg government—it is a sham set
up by a conspiracy ; a conspiracy entered into
for the purpose of overturning the result of the
election if it should be adverse to the conspira-
tors, and too well have they succeeded.
Mr. President, if the action of to-night shall
awaken a better feeling in the country, if it
shall call the attention of the people to the
danger with which their elections are threat-
ened, and shall have the effect of deterring the
Federal authorities from interfering with the
local affairs of the States or undertaking to
control State elections, I shall rejoice. I
hoped that this report, so able, so convincing,
so truthful in regard to the character of this
Lynch board and this usurping Legislature,
would hhve had a good effect upon the coun-
try. I still hope it may, though I fear that
the impotent conclusion to which the friends
of that report have come will destroy the good
effect it would otherwise have.
Mr. CARPENTER. I do not propose to
detain the Senate to any extent, but simply
to explain the vote which I gave, which seems
to have annoyed my friend from Illinois ex-
ceedingly. The more I live, the older I grow,
the more I am convinced that no one man, not
even the Senator from Illinois, can have every-
thing to please him. I grow more and more
inclined to secure practical results. I have
come to that condition of mind where I will
always swap a recital for an enactment.
Now, what is to be accomplished by this
Legislature? I believe that Mr. Kellogg's
government is not entitled to remain as the
government of the State of Louisiana, and
I want to remit the question to an election by
the people. I should prefer to have the bill
passed as it came from the committee; I
think it is more rigidly logical than the bill as
amended; but here I find half a dozen Sen-
ators who are willing to support the bill
amended in its recital, and in nothing else,
who would oppose it if the recital be not
amended. Now, what is a practical man
under those circumstances to do? Is he to
stand on the outer wall of his own peculiar
views and imperil the end he would attain, or
shall he yield these views, so far as he may do
so without violating principle, to harmonize
with other gentlemen whose opinions are
entitled to his profoundest respect, and when
he finds those of his friends differing from
him on a particular question, he is fairly justi-
fied in thinking he must be wrong, and they
must be right on that question ?
It is, practically, a question simply of this
kind: whether the people of Louisiana shall
be under the government of Mr. Kellogg, if
you choose to put it in that form, four weeks
or four years; that is all. The President of
the United States has told Congress that if we
adjourn without passing any law on the sub-
ject he will recognize Mr. Kellogg's govern-
ment, and it will stand there supported by
