934
THH] CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 29,
bureau of agriculture; although their repre
seniatives in Congress may be released from
the labor of franking those documents. In-
deed. sir, if you See fit hereafter to charge the
people of the United States with the postage,
at the present rates ot postage on printed mat-
ter, on these documents, I believe you may
safely print, year after year, not four, but ten
times the number of documents from these
wo bureaus that you now print annually.
Let the people of the United States under-
stand that they can get copies by asking for
thera, and be willing to pay the postage on
them, and they will all be called for year after
year. These documents are worth the post-
age. The people at least appreciate them at
that, price. I think they would be abundantly
willing to pay not merely the postage, but the
cost of publication, rather than go without
them.
Now the public understanding is that these
documents are distributed among the mem-
bers of Congress, and are the peculiar prop-
erty and possessions of those members, and a
great many constituents feel some little reluct-
ance in appealing to a member of Congress.
Many a man feels as though he is asking a
favor, begging something at the hands of
another individual, when he applies to a mem-
ber for them, and in this country there is a
multitude of men who do not like to ask for
such favors, and go without the books, because
there is 110 legitimate way in which they can
get them except by making that appeal which
they feel to be—I think erroneously feel, but
nevertheless feel to be—a personal appeal for
a personal favor.
i think there is another way in which these
documents might be distributed, and be of
infinitely more scrvice than they are in the
broadcast way of distributing them which has
heretofore obtained. If the heads of the sev-
eral bureaus were allowed to send them free,
and not to send them broadcast—this year a
volume to one man and next year a volume
to another, but to send them to some central
point, to an officer in some town, where they
should constitute libraries for the reference
of all the people in that town—I think that
would be better than either of the modes of
distribution I have already suggested. But so
far as my vote on the pending question is con-
cerned, I content, myself with the positive
assurance that everything you can publish
hereafter will be got to the people, although
their representatives here may be released
from the labor of franking.
Now, one or two words in reply to some
suggestions that fell from the Senator from
Nebraska. [ want to say in the first place
that, if I understand the meaning of the
Bureau of Education, it is not intended to
trammel and cannot trammel the work of any
State m the matter of education. Each State
is left free. The action of the bureau is ad-
visory, is inspiration, so to speak. They gather
statistics of information from all the States,
from all the world, and they disseminate it
through the country, for the education of the
people throughout the country. We know
there is a vast difference between the educa-
tional systems, not only of the different coun-
tries, but of the different States in this country;
and webelieve—at least I believe—that no one
country, 110 one State, has yet obtained the
best possible system; and I believe that the
systems in each one of the States and in each
one of the countries where they have anything
fit to be called a system, may be improved by
comparing their systems with others, getting
the best features of each one together, and
finally perfecting some system of education.
The Senator has said that the success of the
work of education in Massachusetts depends
and must always depend, .in spite of anything
the General Government can or will do, upon
the people of Massachusetts. That is very
true. So the success of education in Wiscon-
sin and Nebraska will depend upon the efforts
of the people of those States ; and so of each
other State. Nevertheless, Massachusetts not
long since sent one of her most eminent edu-
cational men to Europe, at her expense, to
look over their systems there, and to bring
home, as he did, whatever he could find of
value there for the information of the people
of Massachusetts; and I think my honorable
friend by my side [Mr. Wilson] will bear wit-
ness that that was an expenditure eminently
wise and judicious, and that Massachusetts,
which has probably as good, if not the best,
system of common schools there is in this
country to-day, is in a great measure indebted
to that mission of Horace Mann for that state of
perfection to which she has already attained.
Mr. President, it is as true I suppose that
the agriculture of Nebraska will depend here-
after, and does to-day, upon the farmers of
Nebraska as it is that her educational success
depends upon her own people. Nevertheless
we have established a bureau of agriculture
hereon "these barren plains," and I think
my honorable friend from Nebraska will admit
that the farmers of Nebraska are benefited by
the work of that bureau. We appropriate to
the support of that bureau a much larger sum
than we are asked to appropriate to the Bureau
of Education. The melancholy fact remains
that here in this Republic, while education,
general, universal education, is of the most
vital importance, is the primal necessity, it is
almost the last work in which the people of
this country feel or manifest any general per-
vading interest. I do njt think 1 exaggerate
its importance when I speak of it as a vital
importance. I think it is just as sure as the
future that the people of the United States
must take off their coats and roll up their
sleeves and address themselves to the work of
aiding, not of controlling, but of aiding the
education of the people of the United States,
or our institutions cannot stand.
I think, Mr. President, that if popular edu-
cation had been advanced in every portion of
the Union, even to that low pitch that it was
advanced in some of the most favored States
of the Union, the frightful war through
which we have recently passed never would
have taken place ; and as I would avoid all
such calamities in the future, so I would be
very glad to see the people take hold more
energetically of this work of popular educa-
tion. I believe there is not a thrifty agricul-
tural community in the United States that
does not expend more money annually on the
culture of its oxen per head than it spends
per head 011 the education of its children. I
do not want to depreciate the importance of
ox culture, and I do not want to abate one
jot of the effort that is madein that direction,
but after all, much as I love a good ox, I be-
lieve in my soul that I prefer even to such an
animal a good man. I think good men are
worth more per head still in the Republic
than even good oxen are. I want to see a
better style of men brought on to the stage of
action just as soon as it is convenient. I do
not expect, whether I leave these seats here
early or late, ever to vote against the appro-
priation of a dollar which is asked for to aid
in the work of man culture.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, I understand
that the amendment of the Senator from South
Carolina increases the appropriations for the
Bureau of Education about one fourth; in
iu other words, from $84,000 to $42,000.
The duty of the bureau, I believe, is entirely
to gather information, to make reports, and to
send out documents. I hope the Senate will
take that into consideration when they vote on
this proposition to increase the expenses of
such a bureau by adding one fourth to the
appropriation.
Mr. SAWYER. I beg to correct the Sen-
ator ; it is about one fifth.
Mr. DAVIS. I understand the appropria-
tion in the bill is $81,000 now, and it is sought
to increase it to about $42,000.
Mr. SAWYER. The increase is §7,440 on
$34,850, which is about twenty per cent. I
only wish to say that were it proper at this
time to go into a discussion of this question
and tell what the bureau has to do, I could
readily show the propriety of this small in-
crease. But when Senators who have year
after year had this subject under considera-
tion show that they are so entirely without
knowledge of what the bureau does, it is hardly
worth while to attract their attention by a
twenty minutes' speech, and to show them
what it has done in the last three or four years.
I therefore abstain entirely from going at
length into a complete refutation of the posi-
tions taken by the Senator from Nebraska,
which seem to me to be as inapplicable to this
subject as they could be to almost any other
subject that might be presented, and ask for a
vote as soon as we can get it.
Mr. STEVENSON. Mr. President, the
Senator from South Carolina asks us to in-
crease an appropriation of $34,000 for the
Bureau of Education by adding $7,000 more
for extra clerks, a laborer, and a watchman.
This is a very noxious species of legislation.
It is by a course of this sort that the expend-
itures of the Government are improperly in-
creased. The Committee on Appropriations
had this subject before them ; they considered
this proposition, and they rejected it. Why?
Did the Secretary of the Interior, whose busi-
ness it is to look after this subject., and fiom
whose report the Senator from South Caro-
lina yesterday read us an extract as to the
increased labor of this bureau, recommend an
increase of this appropriation? Has there
been any estimate made by any responsible
officer of this Government for this increase?
Have we a right to presume that if this
increase was demanded by the necessities of
this bureau those officers of the Government
under whose supervision it is would not have
made the estimate? And yet no estimate
has been made. The Committee on Appro-
priations, therefore, in my judgment, acted
rightly in refusing to grant this sum which is
now demanded. The Secretary of the Interior
gave us no information and made no request
that this should be done.
Mr. SAWYER. The Senator does not wish
to misrepresent the facts, 1 know.
Mr. STEVENSON. No, sir.
Mr. SAWYER. If the Senator had ob-
served yesterday, I had the report of the Sec-
retary of the Interior read, in which he says
"I recommend increased appropriations for
the office."
Mr. STEVENSON. I did not read that in
the extract which I have before me, as read by
the Senator; but, however that may be, there
was no estimate for this before the Committee
on Appropriations. The committee followed
the estimates.
Mr. SAWYER. I had this read yesterday,
and I suppose it is in the Globe; but I will
show, if the Senator will allow me to interrupt
him, on another point where I think he is in
error.
Mr. STEVENSON. Well, sir.
Mr. SAWYER. The Senator said that the
Committee on Appropriations had this matter
before it. The Senator will remember that it
was merely a formal presentation of it there,
and that there was no time for the considera-
tion of it at length, if it is proper to state that.
Mr. STEVENSON. I did not wish to refer
to what took place in the Committee on Ap-
propriations; but the Senator himself alluded
to the fact that he brought it to the consider-
ation of the Committee on Appropriations, and
the Committee on Appropriations refused to
recommend it.
I have not anything to say about the subject
of education generally. I have been brought
up in a school which believes that the subject
