1894
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 27,
liberty left in that State. I fear this measure
will become the precedent for future aggres-
sions upon the rights of the people of this
Union, and that what is now established in
Louisiana, under the operation of executive
power, you will see in other States, even before
the expiration of the four years of perpetuated
usurpation there.
Sir, I did not intend to speak on this bill,
but when I see the liberties of a single State
being stricken dowu, when I see. & usurping
government set up and perpetuated by execu-
tive recognition, and by the action of the Sen-
ate of the United States, I think it is time for
every man to cry out against it. For one, I
have delivered my sentiments honestly in refer-
ence to this subject. I care not now what
course is taken by the friends of the Adminis-
tration. Whether they will hold an election
under Federal law, and thereby perpetuate the
usurping government of Mr. Keliogg. in power,
whether they^ do^ it by the potent power
of the executive, it is immaterial to me. I would
fladly, if I could, relieve the people of
louisiana from this infliction, but 1 have no
power, and those with whom I act have no
power to do it. The majority in this Senate
must take the responsibility. The country, I
hope will hold them to responsibility for this
whole matter, and that the judgment of the
country will rise up to condemu their action
and overthrow their power.
Mr. MACHEN. Mr. President, I desire to
make a few remarks on this subject before the
vote is taken. I have not indulged in any
debate heretofore on this bill, and am not gotug
to make any lengthy remarks now. It is just
about the dawning of the day. I do not know
that I shall be enabled to illuminate this sub-
ject as the rising sun will very soon illuminate
the atmosphere.
It was said by the Senator'from Indiana iu
his argument when the discussion of this sub-
ject commenced to-day that it was better to
bear the ills that were upon us than to venture
upon that the result of which we could not
foresee. Sir, there are ills of suoh a -character
that they cannot very well be borne on any
such principle. The right of republican gov-
ernment is secured by the Constitution to all
the States of this Union, and ir, is nominally pro-
posed by our action to' secure the exercise of
that right. We are taking, it seems to me, a
very singular method in order to the accom-
plishment of this purpose.
It has not been contended by any gentleman
so far as 1 have heard that the Ivellogg gov-
ernment is a legitimate one. it has not been
contended by any Senator that it was elected
by the people. It is asserted -that it might
have been, but that it was not because the
fowerof the Warmoth government prevented,
do not concede that that is a legitimate
deduction from the facts which have been
elicited in the investigation of this case.
We have from the census reports the fact
that over one half the voting populatiomof the
State of Louisiana beiuug to the wliiUi -race.
But a, very small proportion of tlae white pop-,
ulation belong to the Republican party proper.
Very many of those who have been .Repub-
licans have ceased to be so or to-day occupy
the Conservative attitude.
The population of the State being thus
equally divided, upon what hypothesis is it
asserted that a fraud was perpetrated which
enabled the Conserva'ive party of the State
of Louisiana to accomplish the election of the
McEnery ticket? Merely upon the fact as
asserted here that the government ©f'the
State in providing election precincts had ex-
ercised a power prejudicial to the interests
of the xtepublican .party; and how is that sus-
tained? I asked the Senator from Louisiana
to-night whether or not in one of the districts
in which he complained of this partiality hav-
ing been practiced by which a Republican
majority was reduced to a minority, the ma-
jority for which he contended had not hereto-
fore been owing to the fact of troops being
Stationed there. He would not gainsay the
fact, and while he did attempt to diminish the
number he did not controvert the truth of the
position.
It has been asserted by the committee that
investigated this case that the existing govern-
ment in Louisiana had no foundation upon
which it could rest for a moment' unless it was
the protection which the United States Gov-
ernment gave to it by the bayonet of the sol-
dier. I do not know myself that the people
of that State are in such jeopardy; but I as-
sume that that which the committee have
investigated and presented here is the truth,
or conforms very nearly to it; and yet it is
proposed to continue that government by the
action of the Senate of the United States this
morning. Is it one of the prerogatives of the
Senate of the United States to establish a gov
eminent and maintain in authority and power
a government which they say has come into
power by corruption, which is a fraud upon
the people, which never was elected, but only
might have been elected if circumstances had
fav.ored ? I cannot indorse that idea even if
the Senate does.
I should have been content to accept the
report of the majority of the committee,; I
should have been content to sustain the major-
ity of the committee; but when you ingraft
upon the bill a principle that virtually over-
throws republicanism, as I conceive, instead of
maintaining or sustaining it, I cannot indorse
that, 1 cannot consent to that. It is a doubt-
ful power which we are exercising any way. It
is one of great delicacy. The course which we
should pursue is a subject of doubt and dis-
trust to all. But, sir, if we do undertake to
exercise our authority and power, ought we
not to do it in accordance with what has been
the avowed will of the people over whom we
are exercising this power ?
Now, sir, has it not been demonstrated be-
yond cavil and beyond doubt that the major-
ity of the votes oast in the State of Louisiana
were cast for McEnery and those associated
with him on the ticket? If fraud intervened
and secured that result, I ask if the State
government does not possess within itself the
power to correct the evil? It does not
possess it now because it has been taken away
from the State by the exercise of executive
power in the city of Washington. If it had
been left to itself, the evils would long since
in all probability have been entirely remedied ;
but by executive power they are fastened upon
the people there, and the action of the Senate
now is to confirm that which executive power
has -heretofore -attempted to sustain, and we
are to lay this down as a precedent for all
time to come. I think we ought to be very
cautious how we lay down such a precedent.
It is not only for the present exigency, but it
stands upon the record for all time to come,
and while there is no great probability
that there will be a necessity for its applica-
tion in any of the States in the eastern or
northern sections of the country, the time may
come when the precedent will be brought to
bear forcibly upon that section, as it may bear
and will bear upon the South now if it is
adopted here.
It is said there was an entire justification
for the interposition of the President when
the judicial authority invoked his assistance.
( admit that, while it was no justification,
there was some force in that argument. There
was danger,_ perhaps, of a collfsion ; I am not
so well satisfied that that collision w&s ftvftii
very threatening. There was some danger to
be apprehended, and there was some excuse
but not justification at the time, or might be
an excuse iu the minds of many parties for
the interposition of the Executive iti the affairs
of that State. Ihere may have been a pallia-
tion and an excuse for it, but a justification
did not exist. The President has by the exer-
cise of his power established-a government in
the State of Louisiana, and the Senate of the
United States now propose to ratify and con-
firm that which he has done, even though the
fact stares them in the face that the people in
a cool, dispassionate manner at the polls de-
cided that another party in the State were
entitled to exeroise the wand of power.
I was amused this morning when the Senator
from Wisconsin so beautifully portrayed the
character of the recent Governor of Louisiana,
elevating him to a point which is rarely reaehed
by human capacity, but it seems to me raising
him with the purpose simply that, like Lucifer
of old; he might be hurled dow-n to a depth of
infamy from which he conld never be resur-
rected. I do not know whether he deserved it
or not. I have little to say on that subject. I
have nothing to say of the allegations of fraud
and corrupt power exercised by that gentle-
man ; but when you come to test the election
by the proof in the case, and yon find that
throughout the whole State of Louisiana there
was peace and quiet in the election, more votes
cast than ever had been cast before in the
State for .any parties or under any circum-
stances, and it is established, too, by Repub-
lican authority that it was done peaceably and
Quietly, and after it had been accomplished
there wajs still no disorder and no disquiet in
the State, those facts do not seem to justify
the conclusion that the Gov-ernor had been so
terribly guilty as supposed by some, or that
such immense frauds had been practiced as
have been charged, in the arrangements for
the election which took place in November.
; Now, sir, unless the fraud had been so glar-
ing as to be perfectly palpable and plain with-
out special investigation, it does not justify the
interposition of the Senate to decide that the
parties elected at the election are not entitled
to hold the reins of government in that State.
Instead of deciding that they may so hold
we go entirely, outside of the record and
assume that another party, whom four mem-
bers of the committee in their report, and I
believe the whole of the committee that in-
vestigated the case, decided had not -been
elected, that he had not the votes to justify
him to hold the position, shall now hold it,
the position of Governor. It does seem to
me we are establishing a very dangerous pre-
cedent in this matter. It is a subject which
might be discussed at considerable length, but
under" the circumstances I will not follow it
or detain the Seriate longer.
Mr. THURMAN. I hope that the amend-
ment now under consideration may be voted
down, though I am not very sanguine that it
will be. It is not, however, to speak to that
amendment that I rise, but to say a very few
words in regard to the vote I shall give. I can-
not vote for this bill. I cannot vote for it be-
cause 1 believe Congress has no constitutional
power to pass such a bill? and I cannot vote
for it because, even if Congress had the con-
stitutional power to pass the bill, the facts do
not warrant the enactment of any such law.
But, sir, what I wish particularly to call at-
tention to is this: we have been informed
here again and again that if we fail to take ac-
tion in regard to Louisiana the President will
continue to recognize the Kellogg government.
We are left in no doubt on this subject. On
the 25th day of this month the President sent
us a message, and in that message he says;
It seems advisable that I should state now what
course I shall teel bound to pursue in reference to
the matter in the event of no action by Congress at
thit m«' hPm^? i°h°ttny sat.lsfaetory arrangement
wW?n?  n S3 7 the parties to the controversy,
winch of all things is the most desirable, it will be
my duty, so far as it may be necessary forme to act,
tv°- jat S°y ernment heretofore recognized
5® ke electlon and qaa-lification of
its members is tne exclusive province of the Senate
as it is also the exclusive provineeof the House to'
juage: ot the election and qualifications of its mem-
bers, but as to State officers, filled and held under
state laws, the decisions of the State judioial tri-
Dimals, it seems to me, ought to be'respected." t
