1873;
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
1895
Sir, what does that mean ? It means that
if we were to seat this day William L. McMul-
len in the Senate, deciding that the McEnery
Legislature, so called, is the true Legislature,
the President will pay no regard to our decis-
ion. He tells us that we may decide in respect
to our members, but that in regard to State
officers our decisioo shall go for nothing; that
the House may decide in regard to the mem-
bers of the House ; but that unless they take
some action in the form of a law on this sub-
ject, he will recognize the usurping govern-
ment of Kellogg. That is what this message
tells us. Furthermore what does it say in its
concluding paragraph:
" I am extremely anxious to avoid any appearance
of undue interference in State affairs, and if Con-
gress differs from me as to what ought to he done, I
respectfully urge its immediate decision to that
effect; otherwise I shall feel obliged, as far as I can
by the exercise of legitimate authority, to put an
end to the unhappy controversy Which disturbs the
peace and prostrates the business of Louisiana, by
the recognition and support of that government
•which is recognized and upheld by the courts of the
State."
Yes, sir; five days after the committee of
this body had demonstrated that we were not
bound by the decision of this court- in Louis-
iana; five days" after that committee had re-
ported to the Senate that that decision was
made without any jurisdiction on the part of
the court to make it; that what it said was
sheer obiter dictum,, entitled to no considera-
tion or respect whatever; five days after that
was laid before the President of the United
States, or at least he might have known it, he
.sends this message to tell us that, notwith-
standing that is the fact, notwithstanding that
the decision to which he refers is sheer obiter
dictum, and without jurisdiction, he will con-
tinue to recognize this usurping government
which this report demonstrates to be a mere
and sheer usurpation; he will continue to
recognize that government under color of this
void order or obiter dictum, of that State court.
Others may think as they please about it,
but the truth is, in my opinion, that this whole
difficulty has its origin in the ipjproper con-
duct of the Administration. It made haste to
recognize a set of usurpers. Jt made haste
under a pretense that would not have been
worth anything whatsoever in a case where the
parties had been reversed, where it had not
been necessary to sustain friends of the Admin-
istration to recognize this usurping govern-
ment, to put it into power under a void decree
of a Federal court and by the use of Federal
bayonets. Now the President comes to tell
us, after he is advised, when he can no longer
plead ignorance of the fact, that under those
void decrees of those courts he still will recog-
nize these usurpers and maintain them in pow-
er. Well, sir, let him take the responsibility.
I say let him have the responsibility. I will not
relieve him from the responsibility by voting
for an unconstitutional measure, as I believe
this bill to be. Let him take the responsibility
of maintaining a plain usurpation in one of the
sovereign States of this Union, and let him
answer to the people for it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Ferry,
of Michigan, in the chair.) The question is
on concurring in the amendment, on which
the yeas and nays have been ordered.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. This be-
ing an important amendment 1 desire to
announce that my colleague [Mr. Vickeks]
is paired with the Senator from Mississippi,
[Mr. Ames.]
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 22, nays 20 : as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Boreman, Carpenter, Chandler,
flayton, Conklin, Corbett,, Oragin, Ferry of Michi-
;,\m, Flanagan, Frelinghaysen, Gilbert, Hamlin,
Harlan, Howe. Morton, Osborn, Ramsey. Sawyer,
sherman, fiiewoft. West, and Wilson—?/.
IN AYS—jM ^ r-r-. Bayard, Casserly, Cooper. Da-
vis. Edmunds, Goldthwiute, Hamilton of M:try-
I in.t lull, Johnston, Kelly, Machen, Norwood,
K.ui- nil, S.iuL-bury, Schurz, Sprague, Stevenson,
tfiockiou. Thurman. and Trumbull—20.
AiiKENT—Messrs. Alcorn. Ames, Anthony. Blair,
Browiilow, Buckingham, Caldwell, Cameron, Cole,
f enton, Ferry of Connecticut, Hamilton of Texas,
Hitchcock, Lewis, Logan, Morrill of Maine, Mor-
rill of Vermont, Nye, Patterson, Pomeroy, Pool,
Pratt, Rice, Robertson, Scott, Spencer, Sumner,
Tiptop, Vickers, Windom, and Wright—31.
So the amendment was concurred in.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. Mr. Presi-
dent, I have sat patiently in my seat listening
to the discussion on this very important meas-
ure. I thought yesterday morning when it
was taken up for the consideration of the Sen-
ate, from the apparently anxious and grave
manner of certain Senators on this floor, that
the bill was of vital consequence to the coun-
try, and important in almost every respect in
order to secure the people of Louisiana some
relief. I helped those honorable Senators to
take up the bill, and I have stood faithfully by
them up to this period of time under the hope
that something might be effected.
But, sir, I had my suspicions at the time,
that this was to degenerate from a very serious
matter into a broad farce, and now, sir, I have
realized the fact that it is a broad farce. I de-
sired to adjourn at an early period of the
evening. At eleven o'clock I voted for an
adjournmpnt and against the wishes of our
friends around me, under the belief at the
lime that we were coming to this very result.
I felt satisfied that the dominant party in this
body would never permit Louisiana or any
other southern State organized under their
reconstruction policy to escape their grasp.
They intend to hold on to these States ; and I
care not with what good intentions they may
begin ordeyelop in the beginning any measure
projected in this body or the other, one may
rely npon it all will end in one result, and that
is, to hold if possible these States they have
reconstructed within their influence and con-
trol. We have it here manifested to-night.
I do not believe that our friends on the
other side of the Chamber are as yet prepared
to pass this bill as it i3. I shall not believe it
until I see it." I shall not interpose in the dif-
ferences of opinion among these gentlemen as
to how this State shall still be held. The hon-
orable gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Mortox]
expresses his determination to hold it as it is
nosy held, and not permit in any way that this
State shall have a chance to secure a free gov-
ernment. He is determined that Kellogg and
his associates shall rule the people of this
State for four years to come. The honorable
Senator from Wisconsin [Mr. Cakfenteb] has
determined upon another policy, but one which
in the end will be not less effectual in establish-
ing if not the same, at all eyeiits the same kind
of government. I look upon both these prop-
ositions as monstrous. I admit the logic of
the honorable gentleman from Wisconsin,
that the insertion in the recital of his bill of
any recognition of the Kellogg government
does not in itself affect the legal power and
effect of his bi.ll.
But, Mr. President, here we are. Can it. be
that the American Senate at this early hour in
the morn.ng, just as the great luminary of day
is dispelling the darkness of night, will recog-
nize with favor a conspirator and a usurper
like Kellogg; a conspirator and a usurper
who, instead of being recognized this morning
by the favor of the American Senate, should
be in the hands of justice to bo punished as
his conduct merits. He has usurped a State
government without the pretense of either a
legal or an equitable right. Thai is admitted
by the committee. He conspired with the
Federal authorities in Louisiana for the pur-
pose of obtaining his present place ; he
conspired with the United States marshal
of that State; he conspired with the custom-
house officers of that State; he eouspired
with the judge through whose lawless acts,
backed by Federal bayonets, the results wese
secured ; and here in the recital of a bid,
a bill involving the most momentous conse-
quences to the people, you propose to xecog
nize atid favor this usurper and nsuipiug
government of Kellogg.
I appeal to the American Senate whether I
am not right in this. A man who would thus
violate all the obligations that as a citizen he
owes to his State by usurping powernot granted
to him, placing himself da a hostile attitude to
his people, and handing them over to the tender
merciesofFederal power and Federal bayonets,
are we to recognize such as he with ifivor by
investing him with the power be has usurped,
and placing him over a people whose every
right he has violated, even if it be but' for
four weeks, I care not how long 1 If yotir de-
termination is to hand that State over until
the election is to be held to somebody, let it
be to a man who ha? comported himself as a
law-abiding citizen ; but do not undertake to
put it in the hands 0J a man who has betrayed
his trust as a citizen and violated all the obli-
gations that should bind him to the com-
munity.
Mr. President, I have but little to say re-
specting this measure. I rather desire to be
an attentive listener upon this occasion. Bat
there is, I assert, one simple remedy for all this
trouble in which the people of Louisiana are
now unhappily involved, and that is: with-
draw your Federal troops, and the people
there will attend to their own affairs. Is it
not apparent th$t this Kellogg government in
Louisiana would exist no longer than the dew-
drop before the suri without the intervention
of Federal bayonets? Kellogg and his co-
conspirators would be brushed away with a
breath. Withdraw your Federal troops, and
there is the end of this controversy, and then
the legal and legitimate government of Louis-
iana will go into peaceful operations and the
people of that State will once more assume
their peaceful relations.
Why should the Federal troops be-there; to
determine what kind of a government that
people shall have ? Why should the Federal
troops be there ; to hold a certain set of State
officers in power? There is no United States
law to execute. There is no United States
law violated. The people have the right to
settle their own State government and to regu-
late their own domestic concerns; and I re-
peat, if you will but withdraw your Federal
bayonets, they will do so, and the report of
the committee will be vindicated, that the
McEnery government"is the only government
that ought to be recognized; and all this could
be without any convulsion, without producing
a ripple upon the surface of that community.
Do that, and in a week quiet will be restored,
confidence will be restored, business will be
resumed, and we shall no longer be troubled
with the apprehensions of riot and bloodshed.
Mr. President, the source of these troubles,
as the honorable Senator from Ohio has said,
is to be traced in the past. It is to be found
in the reconstruction policy of Congress. I
am not here now to discuss that policy. I
have spoken of it hitherto. But it is a sad
sight to see the condition of these hapless
States. Their present condition is a powerful
appeal to us. Louisiana, South Carolina,
Florida, and Mississippi under this policy are
irrevocably lost to our race, and in fact to the
American Union as effective States. They
are delivered over now and practicably to the
colored race, and to their direct or indirect
control, and their real condition is to me
most pitiable. Their industries are prostrated ;
their lands unsalable. White people are leav-
ing their borders, and there is no hope of
securing foreign emigration—the German and
Irish—or any other to take the places of those
who are leaving.
The white inhabitants of Florida, of Louis-
iana, of Missisissippi, and South Carolina are
to find their homes in the West or Southwest,
leaving these States still more under the con-
trol of the colored population; and can you
well depict the condition to which these States
musi be reduced in a generation under this
polic} '? You novt-r can get white men to emi-
giatc tiuder the present policy. When I speak
