1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
tm
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (H. R. No. 3921) making
appropriations for sundry civil expenses of the
Government for the fiscal year ending June
30, 1874, and for other purposes.
Mr. ANTHONY. There was an understand-
ing I think among some of the Senators that
the bill for printing the congressional debates,
would be moved, and it has been moved as an
amendment to the bill which has just been
taken up; but I wish the bill to be acted on
separately, as it came from the House, because
if the amendment which 1 offered to put upon
the appropriation bill comes up, there will be
very grave questions of order, as I have been
advised by several Senators, and it is doubtful
whether we shall be able to pass the measure
as an amendment to the appropriation bill.
Therefore I feel it my duty to say that I shall
endeavor to get it up, as I have for several
days past, as it came from the House.
Mr. THURMAN. I move that when the
Senate adjourns it adjourn to one o'clock.
[" Say twelve."]
Mr. CONKLING. I am willing to consult
the convenience of Senators generally, what-
ever that may be, and I suggest that it is quite
questionable whether by adjourning now to
eleven o'clock we can get any rest at all and
whether we shall be any better off than we
should by getting our breakfast and continuing
right on, and then indulging ourselves in an
adjournment earlier than we shall be able to
do if we go away 'now and come back here at
eleven o'clock. It is twenty minutes to eight
o'clock. Nobody can go home who lives at
the other end of the town, and lie down so as
to sleep, before nine o'clock, and then two
hours after that he must be here and get his
breakfast also in the mean time. It seems to
me we shall get no rest in that way; and there-
fore I suggest that before we adjourn we had
better see whether we cannot make some other
arrangement than simply to go and come
again at eleven o'clock. For myself I prefer
to take a recess now for half an hour to en-
able the Senators to get breakfast, and then go
on for several hours with the understanding
that we shall adjourn early and then go home
and get some sleep ; but if there is any better
suggestion than that I shall be very glad to
fall in with it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I desire to give notice
that I shall move to take up the credentials of
Mr. McMillen, elected Senator from Louis-
iana, on the first opportunity. It is a question
of privilege, and 1 consider it the duty of the
Senate to pass on his right to a seat.
Mr. SHERMAN. Now I move the Senate
adjourn, which will bring us back at eleven
o'clock.
Mr. THURMAN. Let the vote be taken
on my motion.
Mr. SHERMAN. We might as well adjourn
to eleven o'clock. It will take an hour to read
the bill.
Mr. DAVIS. I move to reconsider the vote
on the Louisiana bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is a
prior motion of the Senator from Ohio who
has moved that the Senate do now adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to, there being
on a division—ayes 19, noes 21.
Mr. COLE. I hope that we shall go on
with the reading of the appropriation bill.
Mr. THURMAN. I ask that the question
be put on my motion that when the Senate
adjourn it adjourn to one o'clock. That was
superseded by the motion of my colleague,
but my motion was pending.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Ohio moves that when the Senate
adjourns it adjourn to meet at one o'clock.
Mr. COLE. I hope not.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Ohio.
The motion was agreed to; there being on
a division—ayes 28, noes 18.
Mr. THURMAN. I move that the Senate
do now adjourn. *
The motion was agreed to; and (at seven
o'clock and forty-five minutes a. m., Friday,
February 28) the Senate adjourned to meet
to morrow (Friday) at one o'clock p. m.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, February 28, 1873.
The House met at eleven o'clock a. m.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler,
D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved. 0BDBR 0f business.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I move that
the rules be suspended, and that the House
resolve itself into Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union on the Senate amend-
ments to the legislative, &c., appropriation
bill.
The SPEAK0R. There are several gentle-
men who desire to present matters for the con-
sideration of the House to which there will
probably be no objection.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I will waive my
motion for the present, or rather I will yield
for propositions which will lead to no debate.
land grants to minnesota and alabama
Mr. MACINTYRE. I ask unanimous con-
sent to report back from the Committee on
the Public Lands, with amendments, the bill
(H. R. No. 1247) to revive and continue in
force section seven of an act entitled " An act
making a grant of land to the Territory of
Minnesota in alternate sections, to aid in the
construction of certain railroads in said Terri-
tory; and granting public lands in alternate
sections to the State of Alabama, to aid in the
construction of a certain railroad in said State,"
approved March 3, 1857, and to extend the
time in which said road in the State of Ala-
bama shall be constructed for the period of
five years from the date of the approval of this
Mr. BUCKLEY. I would like to ask if any
committee recommend the passage of this bill.
Mr. MACINTYRE. The Committee on
the Public Lands have unanimously recom-
mended its passage with amendments. I ask
for the reading of the bill and the amend-
ments.
The bill and the amendments were read.
Mr. W. R. ROBERTS. I object to the con-
sideration of that bill.
united states courts in alabama.
Mr. POTTER. I ask that by unanimous
consent the House consider the bill (S. No.
1596) relating to the circuit and district courts
of the United States for the middle and
northern districts of Alabama.
The bill was read.
Mr. BUCKLEY. There is no objection to
that bill on the part of any member of Con-
gress from Alabama.
The bill was ordered to a third reading; and
it was accordingly read the third time, and
Mr. POTTER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
order of business.
Mr. W. R. ROBERTS. I withdraw my ob-
jection to the bill which the gentleman from
Georgia [Mr. MacIntyre] desires to have
passed.
Mr. HALE. I renew it.
jurisdiction over the territories.
On motion of Mr. McCORMICK, of Ari-
zona, by unanimous consent, the bill (S. No.
1439) to transfer the control of certain powers
and duties in relation to the Territories to the
Department of the Interior was taken from
the Speaker's table and read a first and second
time. '
The question was upon ordering it to'atbird
reading. 1
The bill, which was read, provides that the'
Secretary of the Interior shall hereafter exter-
cise and perform all the duties in relation to
the Territories of the United States-that are"
now by law or custom exercised by the Secre-
tary of State. " ' ■ '•
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. That is
a very important bill, and I have no opinion:
whether it is right or wrong.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Arizona. This
change has been recommended twice by the
President of the United States in his annual
messages, and is recommended by the Secre-
tary of (State. It will take away from the
State Department the only remaining connect
tion it has with domestic affairs. I send to
the Clerk's desk and ask to have read letters
from the Secretary of State in relation to this
subject.
The Clerk read as follows:
Department of State.
"Washington, February 5,1873.
Sir : I have the honor to transmit herewith for
your information a copy of a letter from this De-
partment of the 15th ultimo, addressed to Hon.
James W. Nyb, upon the subject of transferring the
power vested in the Secretary of State pertaining to
the territories to the Interior Department.'
I have the honor to be, sir, your obedient eervant,
HAMILTON FISH.
Hon. R. C. McCormick, House of Representatives.. ,
Department of Statu,
Washington, January 15,1878.
Sir: In anote of thel3th of March last, I had the
honor to submit for your consideration the draft of.
a provision transferring to the Interior Department
the powers and duties in relation to the Territories
that are now devolved upon the Department of
State. This transfer—the propriety of which is
obvious—was recommended by the President in his
annual message of December, 1870, and again in his
message ofl872, at the commeneementof the present
session. It is understood, however, that the pro-
vision in question failed to become a law during the
last session of Congress. I have therefore again to
respectfully ask your attention to the matter. I
inclose herewith a draft of a section which it is
believed will effect the object, and hope you may be
able to append it to some bill that will insure its
becoming a law during the existence of the present
Congress.
I have the honor to be, sir, your obedient servant,
HAMILTON FISH.
Hon. James W. Nye, See.
The bill was ordered to a third reading;
and it was accordingly read the third time,
and passed.
McCORMICK, of Arizona, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the J>ill was passed ;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
francis a. gibbons.
Mr. FOSTER, of Pennsylvania. I am in-
structed by the Committee of Claims to ask
that the Committee of the Whole be discharged
from the farther consideration of Senate bill
No. 873, for the relief of Francis A. Gibbons,
and that the same be now considered in the
House.
The SPEAKER. The bill will be read.
The bill was read. It directs the Secretary
of the Treasury to pay to Francis A. Gibbons
the sum of $20,000 in full discharge of his
claim for additional compensation for the con-
struction of a building for the use of the
Agricultural Department.
No objection was made, and the Committee
of the Whole were discharged from the further
consideration of the bill, and the same was
brought before the House.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be read a third time. . .
The bill was ordered to be read a third time;
and it was accordingly read the third time, and
Mr. FOSTER, of Pennsylvania, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was
passed; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to. .
