1698
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28,
geneva award.
The SPEAKER. On yesterday the House
Consented to the conference asked by the Sen-
ate on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
on the bill (S. No. 1203) for the creation of a
court for the adjudication and disposition of
certain moneys received into the Treasury
under an award made by the tribunal of arbi-
tration constituted by virtue of the first article
of the treaty concluded at Washington the 8th
of May, A. D. 1871, between the United States
of America and the queen of Great Britain.
The Chair appoints as the conferees on the part
of the House Mr. Butler of Massachusetts,
Mr. Peters of Maine, and Mr. Potter of
New York.
benjamin h. campbell.
Mr. FARWELL. I ask consent to have
taken from the Speaker's table and passed at
this time Senate bill No. 1321, for the relief
of Benjamin H. Campbell, marshal of the
United States for the northern district of Illi-
nois.
The SPEAKER. The bill will be read,
after which objections will be in order.
The bill was read. It directs the Attorney
General, in the settlement of the accounts of
Benjamin H. Campbell, marshal of the north-
ern district of Illinois, to allow him credit for
such sum of United States Treasury and na-
tional bank-notes as were in his hands as mar-
shal, belonging to the United States, not to
exceed $7,679 23, as he may be satisfied was
burned in said marshal's office in the custom-
house building at Chicago, Illinois, on the
9th day of October, A. D. 1871, and the
accounts of said marshal occurring prior to
said fire may be settled upon such evidence as
shall satisfy the proper accounting officers that
credits claimed by him in respect to matters
happening before said fire are just and true.
No objection was made ; and the bill was
taken from the Speaker's table, read three
times, and passed.
Mr. FARWELL moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
order of business.
Mr. RANDALL. I ask that the resolution
which I send to the Clerk's desk be adopted.
I think there will be no objection to it.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. I rise to a point of
order.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Van Trump] propose to raise a
point of order on who shall be recognized by
the Chair? .
Mr. RANDALL. I have been trying for
ten days to be recognized so as to offer this
resolution.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. The Chair will recol-
lect that on Monday last he consented to
award the floor to me to offer a resolution I
indicated to him.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will next recog-
nize the gentleman from Ohio.
Mr. RANDALL. I will not ask to be recog-
nized before the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Van Trump,] if the Chair promised the floor
to him.
direct taxes.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. I submit a preamble
and resolution for adoption at this time.
The preamble and resolution was read, as
follows:
Whereas by a letter from the Secretary of the
Treasury to the Hon. Jambs G. Blaine, Speaker of
the House of Representatives, under date of July
14,1870, being Executive Document No. 312, second
session, Forty-First Congress, it appears that of the
direct tax of ยง20,000.000 levied upon the several States
and Territories ot the United States, under and by
virtue of the provisions of the act of Congress of
August 5,1861, there then remained due and uncol-
lected from northern as well as southern States the
sum of $3,852,890 82; and whereas, it also appears by
said letter that iar^e amounts ot landsand town prop-
erty have been, sold under the direction of the Inter-
n al Revenue Department for non-payment of said tax
in the States of Virginia, South Carolina, Tennessee,
Arkansas, and Florid^ the Government itself being
a purchaser at said sales to a large amount; and
whereas, also, it further appears by said letter as
items of the cost of collecting said tax in certain
of the southern States that tho Government was
charged and made to pay for the " expenses of
assessment, collections, and sales" on $222,690 97
of said taxes collected in South Carolina, the sum
of $150,000 in round numbers as stated in said letter ;
and that the sum of $47,925 was paid by the Govern-
ment as charges for collecting $6,495 28 in the State
of Florida: Now, therefore,
Be it resolved. That the honorable the Secretary
of the Treasury be, and is hereby, directed to report
to this House forthwith:
1. The amount which has been collected of this
tax up to this time in the several States and Terri-
tories.
2. The cost and charges of collecting the same in
a full and detailed statement thereof in relation to
the northern as well as the southern States.
3. The amount of said ta? which still remains
due and uncollected in the several States and Terri-
ries.
4. The use made of said lands and town property
so purchased by the Government, and forfeited for
non-payment of said tax in the said States of Vir-
finia, South Carolina, Tennessee, Arkansas, and
'iorida, whether occupied by tenants under con-
tract with or by tho sufferance of the Government,
and whether by negroes or white inhabitants of
said States.
5. The amount of compensation, if any, realized by
the Government for the use and occupancy of said
lands and town property.
6. The number of acres of lands and town lots
sold for delinquent taxes as aforesaid, in each of
said States of Virginia, South Carolina, Tennessee.
Arkansas, and Florida, and the aggregate value
thereof.
7. The number of tax commissioners appointed
under the act of June 7,1862, in each of the eleven
seceded States, their compensation, and the period
of their service.
8. That the Secretary of the Treasury be also
directed to State by what authority of law, in rela-
tion to this special direct tax, the Internal Revenue
Department undertook to allow, and did allow,
claims in behalf of the States of Wisconsin and
Kansas, in the sum of $229,104 88, by way of set-off
to the tax thus imposed; and also, that he state the
nature and character of these counter claims, the
mode and manner of their adjustment, and how
they were authenticated.
Mr. MAYNARD. We have nearly all that
information now.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman object
to the preamble and resolution ?
Mr. MAYNARD. I do.
agricultural colleges.
Mr. PERCE. I ask unanimous consent for
the appointment of a committee of confer-
ence upon the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses on the agricultural college bill.
Mr. SARGENT. I object.
pardon of james brown.
Mr. RANDALL. I ask unanimous consent
to submit the following resolution :
Whereas, James Brown was convicted on the 14th
day of December, 1872, in the United States circuit
court at Philadelphia, of illegal voting and of false
personation of voters, and sentenced to imprison-
ment of eighteen months; and whereas on the 2d
day of January. 1873. the said James Brown was
pardoned unconditionally by the President of the
United States through misrepresentation and the
use of unauthorized names and signatures : There-
fore,
Be it resolved, That the President of the United
States be, and he is hereby, requested and directed,
if not incompatible with the public interest, to furn-
ish to this House a copy of all papers on file in rela-
tion to that pardon.
Mr. SARGENT. I think I must object to
that resolution.
Mr. RANDALL. It contains nothing re-
flecting on the President.
The SPEAKER. There is one phrase in the
resolution which should be struck out. It now
reads " that the President be, and is hereby,
requested and directed." This House has no
power to "direct" the President; and there-
fore the words "and directed" should be
struck out.
Mr. RANDALL. 1 modify my resolution
by striking out those words.
Mr. SARGENT. Why not pass the resolu-
tion without the preamble. We cannot vouch
for the statements embraced in the preamble.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to the
adoption of the resolution without the pre-
amble?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I object.
Mr. RANDALL. I move to suspend the
rules so as to adopt the resolution.
The SPEAKER. That motion cannot be
entertained, because the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Appropriations, [Mr. Garfield, of
Ohio,] who holds the floor upon a motion to
suspend the rules, is yielding only for proposi-
tions which may be adopted by unanimous
consent.
Mr. RANDALL. Then he shall not yield
conditionally any longer.
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. I call for the
regular order.
Mr. RANDALL. I object absolutely to
any yielding of the floor.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky [Mr. Beck] demands the regular order.
The regular business is a suspension of the
rules.
Mr. RANDALL, Then I claim the right
to move to suspend the rules, so as to adopt
my resolution.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman cannot
make that motion while the chairman of the
Committee on Appropriations [Mr. Garfield,
of Ohio] is upon the floor on a motion to sus-
pend the rules. That gentleman must surren-
der the floor unconditionally or proceed.
Mr. GAREIELD, of Ohio. I move, then,
that the rules be suspended, and the House
resolve itself into Committee of the Whole on
the legislative appropriation bill.
Mr. BU TLER, of Massachusetts. I rise to
make a privileged report.
. Mr. BLAIR. I rise to present the report
of a conference committee.
The SPEAKER. The Chair must give
precedence to the conference report; it is a
matter highly privileged.
Mr. DAWES. Will the gentleman from
Michigan, [Mr. Blair,] after hegets the floor,
allow me one moment ?
Mr. RANDALL. I object.
Mr. DAWES. I do not think the gentle-
man will object to allowing me one moment
to make a statement.
Mr. RANDALL. I object. The gentle-
man's colleague [Mr. Butler, of Massachu-
setts] objected to my resolution.
Mr. DAWES. I am not responsible for my
colleague.
commissioners of southern claims.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan, submitted the
following report:
The committee of oonferenco to consider the dis-
agreeing votes of the two Houses on House bill No.
388, to extend for four years the act establishing the
board of commissioners of claims and the acts re-
lating thereto, having met, after full and free con-
ference have agreed to recommend to their respect-
ive Houses as follows:
That the Senate recede fr6m their first and fourth
amendments to the bill.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the second and third amendments of the Senate, and
agree to the same.
AUSTIN BLAIR,
WILLIAM P. FRYE,
CHARLES FOSTER,
Managers on the vart of the House.
T. O. HOWE.
GEORGE G. WRIGHT,
H. G. DAVIS,
Managers on t]ie part of the Senate.
Mr. BUCKLEY. I would like to inquire
of the gentleman who presents this report at
what time claimants are required to file their
claims in these cases?
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. This bill does
not alter the time at all, but leaves it precisely
as it is now. I move the previous question.
Mr. MAYNARD. Let us understand this
matter before we vote on it. I understand
from the reading of the report (the gentleman
from Michigan will set me right if I am in
error) the bill as now reported provides merely
that the southern claims commission shall
continue in existence to act upon claims al-
ready before them, but does not authorize them
to entertain any new claims after the 8d of
March.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. That is the trad
