1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1901
Mr. HOLMAN. The act of July. 1804, has
been amended bo as to extend the time.
Mr. MOORE. So as not to bar those eases.
Mr. HOLMAN. But the first act that passed
the House, not the last, is embodied in this
bill.
Mr. MOORE. The general pension bill
passed here last summer did the same thing,
not so explicitly, however. That bill was
passed with a view to relieve these cases at a
time when we were uncertain whether this bill
could be got through the Senate. The Senate
adopted the provision we sent to them by in-
corporating it into this general bill. It opens
all those cases that were heretofore barred,
and allows them to be adjusted at the Pension
Bureau.
Mr. STOUGHTON. I wish to ask the
gentleman one other question. What salaries
does this bill raise?
Mr. MOORE. It does not raise anybody's
salary. It has nothing to do with salaries,
except that it recommends the appointment
of a deputy commissioner at $2,500.
Mr. SIOUGHTON. What difference does
it make in the rate of pensions?
Mr. MOORE. It makes no difference in the
rate of pensions that the House did not make
when it sent the bill over to the Senate, with
the exception of a very liberal provision, to
which we accede, that there shall be propor-
tionate rating between eight dollars a month
and eighteen dollars a month—a very liberal
and just provision, as we think, and one which
we had no reason to expect the Senate would
adopt. I think the House has reason to con-
gratulate itself upon the success of the bill
passed here last summer—upon getting it back
from the Senate with so few material amend-
ments.
The report of the committee of conference
was adopted.
Mr. MOORE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the report was adopted ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
legislative appropriation bill.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Before the
question is taken on my motion to go into
the Committee of the Whole the gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. Wilson] wishes to sus-
pend the rules so as to permit him to offer a
particular amendment in Committee of the
Whole to the legislative appropriation bill.
Mr. WILSON, of Indiana. I move that the
rules be so suspended that when the House
shall again resolve itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union on
the bill making appropriations for the legis-
lative, executive, and judicial expenses of the
Government for the year ending June 80,
1874, it shall be in order to move as an addi-
tion to the ninety-third amendment of the
Senate thereto the following, which is House
bill No. 4031, to amend an act entitled ''An
act to aid in the construction of a railroad and
telegraph line from the Missouri river to the
Pacific ocean, and to secure to the Govern-
ment the use of the same for postal, military,
and other purposes," and to secure the in-
terests of the United States and of the people
in the Union Pacific railroad:
That the Attorney General shall cause a
suit in equity to be instituted in the name of the
United States against the Union Pacitic Railroad
Company, and against all persons who may, in their
own namesor through any agents have subscribed
for or received capital stock in said road, which
stock has not been paid for in full in money, or who
may have received, as dividends or otherwise, por-
tions of thec:ipitul stock of said road, or the pro-
ceeds or avails thereof, or other property of said
road, unlawfully and contrary to equity, or who may
have received as profits or proceeds of contracts for
construction or equipment of said road or other eon-
tracts therewith, moneys or other property which
ought, in equity, to belong to said railroad corpora-
tion, or who may, under pretense of having complied
with the nets to which this is an addition, have
wrongfully and unlawfully received from the United
States, bonds, moneys, or lands which ought in
equity to be accoun ted for and paid to said railroad
company or to the United States, and to compel pay-
ment for said stock, and the collection and payment
ot such moneys, and the restoration of such property
fk 1 jr v-iUje '0eit,h er to railroad corporation or to'
the United btates whichever shall in equity be held
entitled thereto, feaidsuitmaybe brought in the eir-
cuit court in any circuit, and all said parties may be
made defendants in one suit. Decrees may be
entered and enforced against any one or more par
ties defendant without awaiting the final determ-
ination ot the cause against other parties. The
court where said cause is pending may make such
orders and decrees and issue such process as it shall
deem necessary to bring in new parties or the rep-
resentatives of parties deceased, or to carry into
effect the purposes of this act. On filing the bill,
writs ot subpena may be issued by said court
against any parties defendant, which writ shall run
into any district, and shall be served, as other like
process, by the marshal of such district. The
books, records, correspondence, and all other doc-
"u1?!13 i 0 i. Union Pacific Railroad Company
snail at all times be open to inspection by the
secretary of the Treasury, or such persons as he
delegate for that purpose. The laws of the
United btates providing for proceedings in bank-,
ruptcy shall not be held to apply to said corporation.
JNo dividend sha i hereafter be made by said com-
pany but from the actual net earnings thereof; and
no new stock shall be issued or mortgages or pledges
made on the property or future earnings of the
company without leave of Congress, except for the
purpose of funding and securing debt now existing,
Pi** the renewals thereof. Any director or officer who
snail pay or declare, or aid in paying or declaring,
any dividend, or creating any mortgage or pledge
prohibited by this act, shall be punished by impris-
onment riot exceeding two years and by fine not
exceeding $5,000. The proper circuit court of the
United btates shall have jurisdiction to hear, try,
and determine all cases of mandamus to compel saia
Union Pacific Railroad Company to operate its road
as required by law.
Mr. HOAR. The bill now contains legisla-
tion on that subject.
Mr. SARGENT. I object to debate.
The question being taken on the motion of
Mr. Wilson, of Indiana, there were—ayes
58j noes 41.
Mr. HOLMAN called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken ; and there
were—yeas 185, nays 13, not voting 42 ; as
follows:
YEAS —Messrs. Acker, Adams, Ambler, Ames,
Archer. Arthur, Avenll, Banks, Barber, Beatty,
Erasmus W. Beck, James B. Beck, Bell, Bigby,
Biggs, Bird. Austin Blair, James G. Biair, Braxton,
Bright, Buckley, Buffinton, Bunnell, Burchard, Ben-
jamin F. Butler, Caldwell, Clarke. Cobb. Coburn,
Oomingo, Conger, Conner, Cotton, Cox, Crebs,
Critcher, Crocker, Crossland, Davis, £>awes, Dickey,
I)odds, Dox, DuBose, Duel!, Duke, Bunnell, Eames,
Eldredge, Esty, Finkelnburg, Charles Foster, Wilder
D. Foster, Frye, Garrett, Getz, Giddings, Goodrich,
Griffith, ilalscy, Hambleton, Hancock, Ilandley,
Hanks, Harmer, Harper, George E. Harris, John
T. Harris, Havens, John B. Hawley, Joseph R.
Hawiey, Hay, Hays, Gerry W. Hazelton, John W.
Hazelton, Hereford, Herndon, Hibbard, Hill, Hoar,
Holman, Houghton, Kelley, Kellogg, Kendall.
Kerr, Ketcham, Killinger, King, Kinsella, Lami-
son, Lamport, Leach, Lowe, Lynch, Maelut>re,
Marshall, Maynard, McClelland, McCormick, Mc-
Crary, McGrew, McHenry, McJunkin, McKinney,
Merriain, Merrick, Benjamin ¥. Meyers, Mitchell,
Monroe, Moore, Morphis, Leonard Myers, Negley,
Silas L. Niblack, William E. Niblack, Packard,
Packer, Isaac C. Parker, Peck, Pendleton, Perce,
Peiry, Piatt, Poland, Porter, Potter, Price, Prindle,
Rainey, Randall, Read, Edward Y. Riee, John M.
Rice, Ritchie, Ellis H. Roberts, William R. Rob-
erts, Robinson, John Rogers, Roosevelt, Seeley, Ses-
sions, Shanks, Shellabarger, Sherwood, Shober,
Slater, Slocum, Sioss, H. Boardman Smith, John
A. Smith, Worthin&ton C. Smith, Snapp, Speer,
Sprague, Starkweather, Stevens, Stevenson, Storm,
Stoughton, Stowell, Sutherland, Swann, Dwight
Townsend, Washington Townsend, Twichell. Tyner,
Upson, Van Trump. Vaughan, Vourhees, Waddell,
Walden, Waldron, Wells, Wheeler, Whiteley, Whit-
thorne, Willard, Williams of Indiana, Williams of
New York, Jeremiah M. Wilson, John T. Wilson,
Winchester, and Young—185.
2s AYS—Messrs. Cognlan, Darrall, Donnan, Ely,
Hale, Morey, Orr, Sargent. Sawyer, Snyder, St. John,
Turner, and Wakeinan—13.
NOT VOTING —Messrs. Barnum, Barry, Bing-
ham, Boarman, Boles, Brooks, Burdett, Roderick
R.Butler, Campbell, Carroll. Creclv. Elliott. Farns-
vvorth, Farwell, Forker, Henry I). Foster, Gaineld,
Golladay, Hjldeman, Hooper, Lansing, Lewis, M;m-
son, McKee, McNeely. Morgan, Palmer. Ilosea W
Parker. Peters, Sion H. Rogers, Husk, £>(\ iield. Shel-
don, Shoemaker, S.vpher. Tatfe, Terry. Tnomas, Tut-
bill, Wallace, Warren, and Wood— 42.
So (two thirds having voted in the affirm-
ative) the rules were suspended an J the amend-
ment was made iu order to the executive, i
legislative, and judicial appropriation bill in
the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
ROLLIN WHITE.
Mr. HIBBARD, by unanimous consent,
from the Committee on Patents, reported a
(■>?''(H. R. No. 4056) for the relief of Eollin
White; which was read a first and second
time, and with the accompanying report or-
dered to be printed and recommitted, not to
brought back by a motion to reconsider.
order op business.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I now insist on
my motion that the rules be suspended and the
House resolve itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union on the legis-
lative, executive, and judicial appropriation
Mr. SARGENT. Is a motion to go to the
business on the Speaker's table in order ?
The SPEAKER. It would be iu order
after _ the morning hour, but as there is no
morning hour the House can only go to the
Speaker's table by a motion to suspend the
rules, which motion cannot be entertained, as
there is one motion to suspend the rules now
pending.
Mr. SARGENT. If we went to the busi-
ness on the Speaker's table we might finish up
some useful business. If we are going to put
all the legislation of the session on the appro-
priation bills, then we might as well go into
the Commi'tee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
The question being taken on the motion of
Mr. Garfield, of Ohio, it was agreed to.
ciiarles b. wilder.
On motion of Mr. TERRY, by unanimous
consent, leave was granted for the withdrawal
from the files of the House of the papers in
the case of Charles B. Wilder.
JOIIN HEDDINGS.
On motion of Mr. PECK, by unanimous
consent, leave was granted for the withdrawal
from the files of the House of the papers com-
prising the claim of John Heddings for pen-
sion.
hon. joshua hill, of georgia.
On motion of Mr. MACINTIRE, leave was
granted for the withdrawal from the files
of the House of the papers comprising the
claim of Hon. Joshua Hill, of Georgia.
mary e. purnell and w. a saylok
On motion of Mr. CONNER, by unani-
mous consent, leave was granted for the with-
drawal from the files of the House of the
papers in the case of Mary E. Purnell and
W. A. Saylor, of Texas.
oliver b. wood.
On motion of Mr. L. MYERS, by unani-
mous consent, leave was granted for the with-
drawal from the files of the House of the
memorial of Jay Cooke & Co , William Sel-
lers & Co., and Powers & Weightman, and
others, asking Congress to consider the claim
of Oliver E. Wood on account of his improve-
ment in the postal service of the United States.
leave to print.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Kerr] asks leave to print oer-
tain remarks in the Globe giving his views on
the question of the jurisdiction of Congress in
ma'ters of expulsion.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I object.
J B. STEWART.
Mr. COX. Mr. Speaker, I ask to have
printed in the Globe a statement from a pris-
oner in the lower part of this Capitol. It is a
simple statement as to his testimony.
The SPEAKER. The House has resolved
to go into the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, and cannot entertain the
gentleman's request.
