1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
941
Mr. RAMSEY. I beg the Senator's par-
don. I had not so much part in the matter.
The whole Senate stood up with me. They all
voted with me on it.
Mr. NYE. J would advise him to accept
this amendment. It is eating mustard with a
teaspoon to attempt to save $10,000. The
minute we propose it the friends of this great
reform are all in arms and say we cannot do
it. If you are not going to save $10,000 to-
day, by the end of the year you will find that
your burdens are increased. I hope, there-
fore, the amendment of the Senator from Iowa
will be adopted. I think it is an honest effort.
I think this craving of the public for the
abolition of the franking privilege will give
my friend from Minnesota immortal honor.
[Laughter.] Having got the honor, let him
go with us for saving $10,000. I congratulate
the Senate that they are relieved from this
onerous labor of franking, but I mourn with
the world the loss of the nourishing influences
of that franking which was done.
Mr. MACHEN. Mr. President, I was one
of a very small minority who a few days since
voted against the repeal of the franking priv-
ilege. I did so under the apprehension that
the object professedly sought by the repeal
would not be fully accomplished, and that the
interests of the people of the United States
would not be advanced by it. I am of the
same opinion still, that while a burden in
some respects may be taken from the shoulders
of the postal Department, a source of enlight-
enment is withheld from the people that they
have a right to demand.
I do not understand that any one of the De-
partments of the Government is organized
expressly for the purpose of making money.
I understand that they are organized for the
purpose of subserving the interests of the
people of the United States, and whether they
cost more than is returned is not the question.
I felt that while the privilege of franking was
greatly abused, while the general abuse was
acknowledged by all, yet it was a privilege
adapted to the people of the United States ;
and notwithstanding the assertions to the con-
trary, I believe yet that they hold it is a
privilege that ought to be extended and con-
tinued to them ; and the fact that it has been
abused is no reason for its entire abolition.
That would be a reason for remedying the
abuse. I held it then, and I hold it now, to
be the duty of the Congress of the United
States to correct that which has been so much
abused. It is their prerogative to do it. They
possess the capacity to do it, and when they
have corrected its abuse, then the privilege is
still of inestimable value to the people of the
United States.
It is not for a moment to be concluded that
members of the Senate or of the House of
Representatives will exhaust the store which
is supplied them here, in the way of compen-
sation, for the distribution of information, and
how is it to reach the people? If through the
postal Department by the use of stamps placed
upon it in the Department, there has been no
economy accomplished. It can be done by
curtailing, by applying the remedial agencies
necessary to cure the diseased condition of
the law. Lop off, curtail, dispense with that
burdensome publication which weighs down
the mails, and when you have done this you
will economize greatly, because, if I under-
stand it, the transportation of the mails be-
comes extravagant or economical in accord-
ance with the weight which is carried. But
lop off the immense volumes which have no
interest to Congress or anybody else, and leave
those portions of the work of the Congress of
the United States and the operations of the
Departments which have interest in them to
be transmitted under the franking privilege,
and >ou litivo not only accommodated but you
have blessed the country.
1 do not pretend for a moment to say that
it is hurubuggeiy to attempt to repeal the
franking privilege. I presume that gentlemen
have exercised their judgments in regard to
the propriety of it and have not been hum-
bugging themselves, nor have they been un-
dertaking to hum bug the country; but I believe
that we committed an error when we repealed
it. I wished to say this much because I was
one of a very lean minority who voted against
the repeal. But, sir, having repealed it, I take
it for granted that by the decision given in both
Houses of Congress it will not be reestablished,
and if it is not reestablished, then in what way
are we to have advantages from its repeal ?
By a more economical disposition of the public
funds in the transmission of the mail and in
the discharge of the duties of the postal De-
partment. If we cannot commence by reduc-
ing the number of clerks I should like to know
where we are to commence and how we are to
commence.
Mr. President, I am not very familiar with
the operations of the postal Department, and
I am not prepared to say that the number of
five is that which ought to have been fallen
upon. That is certainly a very small reduc-
tion ; but it is the entering-wedge; it com-
mences the reduction, and that is a very im-
portant purpose accomplished. It is an easy
matter in a general way to increase expenses,
but an exceedingly difficult one to commence
to lower them again. If you but adopt an in-
cipient policy of reduction, you have accom-
plished much.
I trust, sir, that the amendment will be ac-
cepted by the Senate, that it will be accepted
by the House, and that the postal Department,
which is continually crying out for relief from
the burdens which are placed upon it by the
franking privilege, will be required to adopt
the policy of economy itself
The Senator fiorn Nevada said that there
was a great deal of humbuggery in the last
presidential contest. For one I am not dis-
posed to gainsay the correctness of his declar-
ation. 1 think it is correct; I think there was
humbuggery, and I do not pretend to say ex-
actly who was humbugged. I do not know,
however, that the subject of the franking priv-
ilege cut a very conspicuous figure in this hum-
bugging ; but I do believe that the reduction
of the expenses of the Government will be
appreciated by the people. I believe that that
will not be considered a.s humbuggery, but it
will be accepted as an omen of good by the peo-
ple of the country. They will perhaps look to
Congress for a reformation of the whole sys-
tem of administering the Government by which
they shall be relieved from the burdens of
taxation under which they are groaning.
With this view of the matter, I am in favor
of the reduction proposed by the amendment
of the Senator from Iowa. I favor its adop-
tion, and I trust it will be the pleasure of the
Senate to accede to his views.
Mr. Fiiiiliif, of Connecticut. Mr. Presi-
dent, I voted for the repeal of the franking
privilege in good faith, and I am glad the frank-
ing privilege is abolished, and now, that it is
out of the way, I feel no disposition to occupy
the time of the Senate in discussing a matter
that is dead and gone ; but we have before us
here a practical motion, whose advocates seem
to me to so entirely misapprehend the prac-
tical operations of the postal department and
the arguments by which the repeal of thefrank-
ing privilege has hitherto been advocated, that
I cannot refrain from saying a word or two.
It is said. " Get rid of some of the clerks in
the General Post Office Department.'-' Why?
Because there will not be so many public doc-
uments to be handled in the local offices. The
clerks in the General Post Office have had
nothing to do wfth the handling of those doc-
uments. That office wants just, as many clerks
for the performance of its duties as it ever did.
I voted to do away with the temporary clerks,
as 1 did with a similar provision in reference
to the Treasury Department, because I do not
like that way of doing business ; but the regular
clerks provided for by law from year to year
must be needed now to perform precisely the
same clerical duties that they have always
been performing.
But it is said that we ought to make a re-
duction of the sum total of the appropriation
for the Post Office Department because the
Postmaster General has made the representa-
tion that some $2,000,000 will be saved by the
repeal of the franking privilege. What the
Postmaster General has said year after year
to us is this: that yearly there is a deficiency
in the revenues of the Post Office Department,
.so that it is not able to pay its expenses, hav-
ing risen now to the amount of $6,000,000
annually ; that that deficiency will be reduced
if the franking privilege is abolished, because
just so much matter as passes through the
mails subsequently to the repeal, that would
have been free if the repeal had not taken
place, will be paid for, and there will be a
larger income to the office. But the fact that
by means of a larger income the deficiency
hitherto existing is to be in some measure
mitigated, is certainly no reason for doing
away with the necessary clerical force in that
Department.
Sir, I confess I have felt a little humiliated
here this afternoon, for I know that the keen
sense of the people of this country will look
through this debate and see its real meaning,
and I certainly have felt as if there were an
indication here that there was a feeling among
us that we had been conquered by the Post-
master General in a struggle with reference
to the repeal of the franking privilege, and,
now that the contest was over, and the victory
won, we were indulging in an impotent effort
or attempt to disparage him—what he has
done, his arguments—by such legislation as
would in the future prove that he has been a
false prophet in all his efforts to secure the
repeal of the franking privilege.
Mr. STEWART. I shall vote against this
amendment for the reason that I have not heard
any facts to warrant the reduction of the cler-
ical force of the Department. I voted for the
repeal of the franking privilege, as I stated at
the time, for the purpose of having the whole
subject investigated, including the matter of
printing and the abuses of the franking priv-
ilege, so that we might get some system which
would not be liable to the same abuses. I
thought that, at all events, a change might be
well, although abuses may ultimately grow up
under it larger than those of the franking
privilege. I believe that we must have some
kind of a franking privilege. I do not believe
that the public business can be conducted
without it. I think we should mature a bill
very soon, providing some mode for carrying
on the correspondence of the public officers
and members of Congress. I do not suppose
that anybody doubts that some mode will be
devised, and for the purpose of allowing those
who think that a better system can be devised
an opportunity to frame it, I voted for the
repeal of the franking privilege, knowing that
that would bring the thing to an issue.
Now, I do not understand that it is shown
in the estimates of the Department that a
reduction of clerks might be made, even if
the franking privilege were abolished. Sub-
stantially the same amount of mail matter will
go through the mails, substantially the same
amount of work will necessarily be performed,
and I think more. They will probably require
an additional number of clerks, because an
appropriation must be made to carry on the
public business in some way, and if it is done
by stamps you will require clerks to do that.
So I do not think it is going to lessen the
business in the Department.
If there is to be any effect, and I think
there will be some, it will be more apparent
than real. If the Government itself pays the
postage, it will appear to the advantage of the
Post Office Department and to the disadvan-
tage of the Treasury Department hereafter iu
