1901!
THE CONGRESSIONAL £LOBf.
February 28,
legislative, etc., appropriation bill
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, (Mr. Dawes in the chair,) and resumed
the consideration of the Senate amendments
to the bill (H. R. No. 2991) making appropria-
tions for the legislative, executive, and judicial
expenses of the Government for the year end-
ing June 30, 1874, and for other purposes.
The CHAIRMAN. The pending question
is onthe thirty-seventh amendment of the Sen-
ate, which the Clerk will read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Strike out "four" and insert "two," so it will
read : "for pay of clerk in the office of public build-
ings and grounds, i|>l,200."
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The committee
recommend non-concurrence in that amend-
ment.
Mr. SARGENT. I wish to debate this
amendment. Mr. Chairman, it seems inevita-
ble that we shall not be able to get through the
public business during this session and that
an extra session must take place, because we
are loading down the appropriation bills with
every scheme any committee can devise, in-
stead of confining the appropriation bills to
matters of legitimate appropriation, which if
done would enable us to pass all the appropri-
ation bills in good time and without delay.
This being so, it seems to me the House
owes it to itself, owes it to its own dignity,
owes it. to its own character, that we should
scrutinize with care at this time every proposed
increase of the present salaries of public offi-
cers. If it is inevitable that we are making
an extra session necessary, let us not pass
schemes on these bills that deliberation would
defeat.
The other night I stood here with a few
others voting steadily against these various
schemes" for the increase of the pay of the
members and attaches of this House, and the
other attaches of the Government. I did not
take part in the debate because 1 did not wish
to consume time, and hoped it was possible we
could pass the appropriation bills during this
session of Congress. I am satisfied now that
that is almost an impossibility. Itcertainly is
an impossibility if the House takes sufficient
time to discuss and fairly determine the ques-
tions which have been unnaturally put upon
the appropriation bills. Now, one of those
questions is this very one ol increasing enorm-
ously, unreasonably, disproportionately, the
pay of the members of this House. There is
no honesty, sir, in the proposition, after we
have sat here for two years with a contract
that the price of our services should be $6,000
a year, that we should how, in the last two or
three days of the session vote an additional
sum into our pockets nearly equal to that.
There is no more honesty in it than there would
be if I had a contract with a merchant for the
delivery of goods at a certain price for him to
retain those goods unless I will pay double
price for them, or than there is in any other
exaction which may be inflicted by one party
upon another in violation of a contract.
Mr. MOORE. Does the gentleman con-
sider eighty-one members of this House dis-
honest?
Mr. SARGENT. I merely state the facts
and my judgment on those facts. I have
arraigned no gentleman whose conscience may
be different from mine, who may look differ-
ently on these matters. But whatever conclu-
sions gentlemen may draw from my remarks,
l say, in my judgment, it is entirely improper,
entirely wrong, I believe a moral wrong, a
v.-rong to the Treasury of the United States,
lor us to take from that Treasury a large extra
compensation for services which we have
rendered these two years past under a contract
with the people for a less and an ascertained
price. Now, it is no answer to that to say that
precedents are the other way. There is no
answer in that, for it is untrue.
I wish to ask the gentle-
I do not yield.
I rise to a question of
Mr. DICKEY.
man 
Mr. SARGENT.
Mr. HEREFORD.
privilege.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Let us have a
vote on the pending amendment.
Mr. SARGENT. I believe I have the floor.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from;
West Virginia [Mr. Hereford] rises to a ques-
tion of privilege. He will state it.
Mr. HEREFORD. It is this: whether it is
in order for a member of this House to charge
dishonesty upon other members of the House
who voted contrary to him ? I have persistently
voted against the increase of salaries; but I
say it is improper for that gentleman to charge'
his fellow-members with dishonesty.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman ask
to have the words taken down on which he
.desires the ruling of the Chair?
Mr. HEREFORD. I do.
Mr. BURCHARD. Is not the gentleman's
point too late?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair does not
think so.,
Mr. SARGENT. Let my remarks be read.
I stand by them.
The Clerk read the following, as written by
the reporter:
" Mr. Saeobkt. I merely state thefaots and my
judgment on those facts. I ha/o arraigned no gen-
tleman whose conscience may be different from
mine, who may look differently on these matters.
But whatever conclusion gentlemen may draw from
my remarks, I say, m my judgment, it is entirely im-
proper. entirely wrong, I believe a moral wrong, a
wrong to the Treasury of the United States, for us to
take from that Treasury a largo extra compensation
for services which we havo rendered these two years
past under a contract with tho people for a less and
an ascertained price."
Mr. HEREFORD. The language to which
I objected preceded what has been read. But
I withdraw the point.
Mr. SARGENT. It is no answer to my
proposition that the precedents are in favor of
this action ; for they are not. They are not in
favor of increasing the compensation of the
members of the present Congress; because we
are now within two or three days of the close
of this Congress, whereas any previous propo-
sition of the kind was made in the first session
and in the early days of it, although final action
may have been reached late in each session.
There is a distinction at any rate in the mat-
ter, and consequently the precedents do not
apply.
Gentlemen have come and said to me pri-
vately, " You are not interested in this matter
because you have large mileage." It is true
that I have more mileage than some other
members, because I travel further than they
do; but gentlemen exaggerate the amount I
receive for mileage One gentleman told me
that my mileage made my pay up to the amount
of the proposed increase. That is not true.
My whole pay, including mileage, is $6,200,
and I travel a much greater distance than
others. But. allow me to say, sir, that I will
vote for any and every proposition to cut off
every centof mileage, for I am tired, whenever
I object to unreasonable increase of salaries,
of having it thrown in my face that 1 do not
need any increase of salary because I have
mileage. I am satisfied with equaiity, and
desire it.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. HALE obtained the floor.
Mr. RANDALL. I just want to state a
fact in reference to this matter of mileage.
Mr. HALE. I cannot yield.
Mr. RANDALL. I merely want to say in
reference to the question of salary and mileage
that when I came into the Thirty Eighth Con
gress 
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman
from Maine yield to the gentleman from Penn
sylvania, [Mr. Randall?]
Mr. HALE. I do not.
Mr. RANDALL. I only want to state a
fact.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
Maine is entitled to the floor, and declines to
yield it.
Mr. HALE. I rise mainly for the purpose
of countervailing one statement, made, of
course, as a matter of opinion by the gentle-
man from California, [Mr. Sargent,] who is
a member of the Committee on _ Appropria-
tions, and that is, that in his opinion it has
become clear that there must be an 'extra ses-
sion of Congress, and that the business can-
not be completed in this Congress. Sir, I
totally and wholly disagree with that remark
and that expression of opinion, and I do not
think that the gentleman will claim that in .
making that remark he represents the opinion
of the Committee on Appropriations. I feel
that I am borne out here in saying to this com-
mittee that the Committee on Appropriations
beli ve that there is time to finish all of the
appropriation bills; and I may say that the
Committee on Appropriations realize and is
grateful to the House for standing by the com-
mittee whenever it pushes business. I believe
there will be no time between now and the end
of the session, at twelve o'clock on Tuesday
next, when the Committee on Appropriations
pushes the business of the country which is
especially in the hands of that committee,
when it will not be sustained by the House. I
believe that it will, and that we, by coming
here early and sitting late, can finish all that
is necessary to be done.
Mr. SARGENT. Will that be possible if
we pile upon this bill amendments which are
really the feports of other committees 1
Mr. HALE. I have no doubt the gentleman
from California is somewhat influenced in his
course by the action of the House in adopting
the resolution making the amendment of the
gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Wilson] in
order. Now, upon that question I voted
" nay," as did the gentleman from California;
not because I had investigated the subject of
that amendment and was prepared to vote
against it if it came before the House, but
because I was afraid it would overload the bill
and thereby lessen the chance of getting
through with the business of the House. But
notwithstanding the House has declared that
that amendment shall be in order, I still
believe that it can be taken up and considered
and the bill finally passed whether it is put on
or not. I ask gentlemen to stand by the
Committee on Appropriations so that we may
put the business through. Everybody here
deprecates a March session. If I have any
time left, I yield it to the gentleman from Vir-
ginia, [Mr. Platt.]
Mr. PLATT. I meant to call the attention
of the Committee of the Whole to this fact,
that however discreditable it may appear to
some gentlemen to endeavor to raise the sal-
aries of members of Congressand the employes
of the two Houses of Congress^ the charge
made by the gentleman from California [Mr.
Sargent] comes with a very bad grace from
onein his position.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. RANDALL. I move to amend pro
forma by striking out the last word of the
amendment. I desire to state this fact: when
I first came into the Thirty-Eighth Congress I
had a seat by the side of the Delegate from
Washington Territory. That gentleman told
me that it cost him to get here about $300.
Mr. PLATT. Did he have a pass?
Mr. RANDALL. I do not know about
that. It cost him, I will say, $500 to get here.
Now, that gentleman, although a Delegate,
received for that Congress some $19,000 while
I received but $6,300. That shows the incon-
sistency of the mileage system in this day of
railways.
Now, I wish to call attention to another point.
I call attention to this statement showing the
