1873.
TIIE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
945
to ttio principles of the Federal Constitution, to the
enjoyment of ail the rights, advantages, and immun-
ities of citizens of the United States; and in the
meantime they shall be maintained and protected
in the free enjoyment of their liberty, property, and
the religion which they profess."
Mr. KERR. I am obliged to the gentleman
for having that read. It supplies just what I
wanted to incorporate iu my remarks. It
shows conclusively that our only obligation,
uuder the treaty, is to admit this Territory,
when, in accordance with the policy adopted
by the Government of the United States,
under the Constitution, the Congress of the
United States think it proper and fit to do it.
Now I would like to answer the gentleman's
question about the power to regulate, if he will
yield to me long enough for that purpose. I
hold, Mr. Speaker, that the power of Con-
gress over the Territories is not supreme or
omnipotent. It is enjoyed by Congress with
many limitations. I hold that Congress
would have no right whatever to impose
upon a Territory a government that should
be essentially anti-republican, or aristocratic,
or despotic. Congress would have no power
to incorporate into the government of any one
of the Territories of this country a principle
that would violate personal liberty, or that
would violate any of the essential rights of
citizens of the United States, or to establish
any system of religion, or to abridge the free-
dom of the press or of speech, or to vest any
special privileges in any classes, which are
forbidden by the Constitution of the United
States. Our power, therefore, I say, is not
supreme, but is subject to very many limit-
ations.
What does this word "regulate" mean?
I hold it simply means this: that Congress
has the right, within those great principles to
which I have referred, to enact such laws for
the civil government and administration of
the Territories of the United States—consist-
ently always with the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States—as shall be in the judgment of
Congress calculated to promote their growth
and secure their protection and happiness.
That, is all. That much power is clear, it is
right in itself, it has always been asserted,
and seldom abused. It is too late now to
question or deny it.
Mr. TAFFE. Mr. Speaker, I should like
to call the attention of the gentleman from
Indiana to a decision that was made, to which
1 alluded a short time ago, under the embargo
act in which this very word "regulate" was
brought up in its application to commerce,
and it was claimed on behalf of the. brigan-
tine William, which went out from Massachu-
setts, that under that word Congress could
not destroy commerce, but only give direction
to it. But the court decided that they could
absolutely destroy it; and there is no differ-
ence between that word and the word which
applies to territory.
Mr. KERR. All the power that is granted
to Congress, under the Constitution, over com-
merce is granted by one provision, while its
powpr over the Territories is granted by an-
other ; and the language of the two and the
purposes to be secured are very different, and
the one in no way aids in the interpretation
of the other, because the rules and principles
of law which apply to the different subjects
are so essentially different that they cannot
be compared together. The one relates to the
primary disposition of the public domain and
the organization of society and civil govern-
ment on that domain until in the judgment
of Congress a new State may safely and prop-
erly be formed and admitted into the Union ;
but the other relates alone to the regulation
of commerce, and that, too, in the case cited,
of f oreign or ocean commerce, to which essen-
tially different principles apply.
Therefore, I say that the making of regula-
tions for the government of Territories, or the
admission of Territories, is an entirely differ-
ent subject-matter, to be governed by different
42d Conu. 3d Sess.—No. 60.
principles and rules of action from the regu-
lation of commerce, either external commerce
or internal commerce. I submit that the gen-
tleman's illustration is too far-fetched and
illogical to affect the correctness of my prop-
osition. I can see no present necessity or
propriety for the admission of Colorado as a
State. We have already had too many such
States to fill up the Senate and aid in the rapid
march of the country toward centralism, and
to aid in the reckless creation of great corpor-
ations with most valuable franchises, and in
the granting away of vast quantities of the
public domain and of the public treasure in
subsidies and otherwise. It is time to call a
halt and try another policy.
Mr. TAFFE. But there is no government
contemplated in the Constitution for Territo-
ries. They are regarded merely as matter of
property, the same as a chattel; and the argu-
ment was made, as the gentleman well remem-
bers, in the Nebraska Kansas discussions, that
the word "territory" in the Constitution is
spelled with a small " t," and that Congress
had a right to dispose of it, the same as any
other property of the United States. As I
said before, it was never contemplated that five
hundred thousand people, as they are now,
should be subject to all the liabilities and obli-
gations as citizens, and direct taxation, with-
out receiving any possible advantage from the
Government.
Mr. KERR. Our Government now is nearly
a century old, and these powers during all that
time have been exercised in all public terri-
tory by the Congress of the United States.
The power of Congress to regulate these in-
terests has been so long established, and so
long practiced, that it cannot now be consid-
ered an open question. And I am utterly un-
willing to follow the gentleman in any effort
now to question the power of Congress in
these proper and legitimate ways to regulate
the conduct of Territories. I am unwilling to
consider that now an open question. The
door is closed against- useful debate in that
direction. All we have now to determine is
whether the regulation we exercise is wise and
proper, and in itself within the general prin-
ciplesof the Constitution of the United States.
I think it is, and therefore I am satisfied to
let this Teiritory alone for a few years longer,
until the people of the country, by going there
in much larger numbers and becoming citi-
zens of the Territory, attest to the Govern-
ment of the United States that they have the
requisite population for one Representative,
and want to be admitted as a State.
Mr. TAFFE. As I said before, the gentle-
man from New York [Mr. E. II. Roberts]
proposes a remedy which he considers would
be satisfactory to the people of the Territory.
The gentleman proposes that they should be
permitted to elect their Governor, their judges,
their secretaries, and other officers. But I say
that that is no remedy, from the fact that it is
within the control of Congress, and, any ses-
sion, subject to the caprice of Congress. Now,
Mr. Speaker, I hold this, and I have resided
seventeen years west of the Missouri: that
this condition of dependence depresses energy.
It adds to the natural timidity of capital, and
cripples all enterprise; and what they offer
here this morning is nothing at all, because, as
I have said, it is subject to the whim of Con-
gress any moment. I therefore know that it
is better to have a State than a territorial gov-
ernment. If the time is out I will ask for a
vote on the bill.
Mr. HOOPER, of Utah. I hope, before the
vote is taken, I shall be heard. I have been
in this House for ten years as Delegate from
the Territory of Utah, and I do not think that
during all that time I have ever occupied five
hours of the time of the House. I think,
then, that when I appeal to the Houseto hear
me, to give me time to vindicate their integ-
rity and their industry, my appeal will not be
in vain.
Mr. STEVENSON. I ask unanimous con-
sent that the gentleman may have half an
hour.
Mr. WOOD. Is it understood that at the
expiration of that time the previous question
will be called?
The SPEAKER. The previous question is
operating, the time allowed for debate having
expired. The gentleman from Utah asks
for thirty minutes. Is there objection? The
Chair hears none.
Mr. HOOPER, of Utah. Mr. Speaker, the
Delegate from Montana Territory has seen fit.
to signalize the close of his brief career in
this House by an attack upon the people of
Utah, as ungenerous as it is uncalled for, as
uncandid in statement as it is disingenuous in
deduction. The motive for this elaborate
attack I will not now pause to question, but
I should be unfaithful to the trust of my con-
stituents did I permit his remarks to pass with
out some brief reply.
He tells the House that freedom of speech,
of the press, and of public worship are un-
known in Utah, and that "a government of
the people, by the people, for the people,"
does not exist there. His first charge is utterly
baseless; his second is, unfortunately, to some
extent true, not through the disposition, but
in consequence of the misfortunes of my con-
stituents. There are six daily papers published
in Utah. Of this number three are hostile to
the "Mormons," and their columns are con-
stantly filled with misrepresentations, abuse,
and denunciation of that people and of all who
attempt their defense. The Salt Lake Tri-
bune, Mining Journal, and Corinne Reporter,
are constant evidences of the unbridled liberty
of the press.
As a rule, public meetings have been fVee
from interruption. Once or twice audiences,
composed nine tenths of " Mormons," have
neglected to listen-patiently to insulting as-
saults upon their religious faith, and have
shown their disapprobation by voice, but never
by violence. But there has been less dis-
turbance of this character than can be found
in the history of every town of equal popula-
tion in the United States.
The Presbyterian, Episcopal, Methodist, and
Catholic faiths have church organizations, edi-
fices, and schools at various places in Utah.
There is no instance on record of any interfer-
ence with public worship, and the pulpit of
the " Mormon" tabernacle has ever been open
to and numberless times been filled by dis-
tinguished clergymen of other faiths—a liber-
ality which has never been reciprocated.• If
the missionaries have failed to convert my
constituents, it has certainly not .been for lack
either of opportunity or audiences.
The gentleman referred with some feeling
and eloquence to the fact that the Utah laws
provide for identification of ballots. My an-
swer is that this is the means my people adopted
to maintain the purity of the ballot and to pro-
vide for purging the list of illegal votes^in the
event of a contested election. The pioneers
of Utah lived in Illinois before they marched
into the wilderness. The plan they adopted
was copied from the laws of that State, where,
if I am not misinformed, the system still pre-
vails.
The statement that the Nauvoo Legion, under
which name the militia of the Territory is or-
ganized, ever marched through the streets of
Salt Lake City or any other place in Utah and
took possession of the polls, is as utterly with"
out truth or basis of truth as is the other
statement that ten thousand miners or ten
miners were ever excluded from the privilege
of suffrage.
The facts concerning the Nauvoo Legion
are these: a Governor who was sent to Utah
about three years ago gave an exhibition of
his authority while there by the issuance of
an extraordinary proclamation forbidding the
assembling of the legion. A Federal judge
was found who sent the officers of a company
