mos
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28,
innocence of the claimant established why re-
quire him to proye he was not guilty, the law
never requiring that, to be done which is in
contemplation of law an unnecessary act.
,Xhe proclamation of amnesty relied on by
the: claimant placed him before the court in
the position of one having proven affirmatively
that he rendered no "aid or comfort," to the
rebellion, the Supreme Court of the United
States having determined in a previous case that
the proclamation of pardon by the President
and its acceptance by the citizen absolved him
from all the consequences of his guilt as
though he had never committed the offense.
Suoh is the. judgement of the highest judicial
tribunal known to the Constitution. This
ruling, sir, is in harmony with the decisions
in England) which go to the extent that when
a man has been pardoned, to repeat the charge
as in case of treason, to call him a traitor, he
can bring and sustain a suit for defamation of
character.
This, is the language of the Supreme Court
iii Garland's case:
"Pardon blots out of existence the guilt, so that
in the eye of the law the offender is as innocent as
if he had never committed the offense."
Pardon and amnesty creating a jurisdic-
tional fact, obliterating the words "aid or
comfort" to which the crime was ascribed,
restored the citizen to all of his rights in the
Courts previously denied him by reason of
his connection with the rebellion. This power
to grant pardon and amnesty is vested by the
, Constitution in the President alone. It cau-
not be fettered by legislation. Every class
that it reaches is entitled under the Con-
stitution to all the benefits it confers. And
it is a usurpation in Congress to propose by
legislation either to restrict its application or
to limit its results.
The effect of a pardon is purely a judicial
question ; to what extent and in what way it
restores the civil rights of the party are mat-
ters solely within the jurisdiction of the courts.
Thus the Drake amendment, because it ex-
cluded the benefits of pardon and amnesty
from a certain class before the court, was de-
clared by the Supreme Court to be unconsti-
tutional ; that act infringed upon the proper
powers and duties not only of the judicial,
out equally of the executive department of
the Government. The Supreme Court say
of this act further that it is unconstitutional
because " its great and controlling purpose
is to deny to pardons the effect which the
judiciary has adjudged them to have." Thus
the act was manifestly unconstitutional, be-
cause it attempted on the one hand to impair
the constitutional powers of the executive,
and on the other to control the constitutional
proceedings of the judiciary. Under the Con-
stitution the President has the power to grant
reprieve and pardon for offenses against the
United States, except in cases of impeach-
ment.
This great right—this "benign prerogative
of mercy reposed in the President"—cannot
be fettered by any legislative restrictions.
Now, sir, I insist that this " Morrill amend-
ment" is as obnoxious to the principle as
thus laid down by the Supreme Court as was
the Drake amendment, because, as with the
latter, it proposes to limit the pardoning
power of the President by excluding a certain
class not excepted by the Constitution from
its benefits; second, to take away the appellate
jurisdiction of tho Supreme Court of the
United States by determining a judicial ques-
tion which that court can alone review upon
an appeal, aiming at nothing less than by an
amendment to an appropriation bill to under-
mine the independence and validity of one of
the inferior courts of the United States by the
exercise of a discretionary power that can
declare void its judgments.
Sir, such legislation is without precedent,
and is an assumption of power by Congress
nowhere to be found in the Constitution.
Whatever may have been the status of these
claimants during the war, how far they may
have rendered "aid and comfort" to the
enemies of the United States; how far, in the
opinion of certain gentlemen upon this floor,
they may have forfeited all claim to the pro-
tection of the Government under which they
live, yet I can conceive of no status of theirs
in the past that will justify the usurpation by
Congress if the amendment under considera-
tion is adopted. The Constitution provides
that each of the great coordinate departments
of the Government—the legislative, the execu-
tive, and the judicial—shall be in its sphere
each independent of the others. In that
instrument the limitations of power as to each
is clearly defined. While it is contemplated
by the framers that Congress might go in the
exercise of the power conferred to the utmost
limit of that power as specifically granted, yet
they never provided that in any contingency
Congress could by legislation fetter the power
of the President in the exercise by him of an
unquestioned prerogative, or to deny to the
courts the jurisdiction expressly conferred by
the Constitution to determine questions purely
and exclusively judicial in their character.
Now, sir, in what character does tbe Gov-
ernment hold the money arising from the sale
of this cotton? The Supreme Court have
determined this question in a way that cannot
be misunderstood. The justice as well as the
legal correctness of the decision commends
itself to the honest judgment of the nation.
In the United States us. Paddleford, (9 Wall.
Reps.,) the court say:
" Under the proclamation and the act the Govern-
mont is a trustee, holding the proceeds of petitioners'
property for his benefit."
in another connection the court hold that
the character of the Government was that of
a "stakeholder." Thus it is seen that there
is no title in the Government to this property
or its proceeds. This judgment is put upon
the broad ground that there has been no judg-
ment of confiscation by which the title of these
claimants could alone have been divested.
Tbe Supreme Court in the case of the United
States vs. Klein (13 Wall, liep.) say by the
Chief Justice :
"It is thus soon that except to property used in
actual hostilities «s mentioned in tho first section of
tho act of March 12,1883, no titles were divested in
the insurgent States unless in pursuanco of a judg-
ment rendered after due legal proceedings."
The court add, in adverting to the capture of
private property of non-combatant enemies:
"The Government recognize to the fullest exten
tho humane maxims of the modern laws of nations
whioh exempts private property of non-combatant
enemies as booty of war. Even the law of confisca-
tion was sparingly applied. The cases woro few in-
deed in -which the property of any not engaged in
actual hostilities was subjected to seizure and. sale."
There being no judgment of confiscation
rendered in any of these cases by which alone
tbe title of these claimants could be divested,
no right, of property in this cotton ever passed
to the United States; and in those cases, by
the modern law of nations as recognized by
this Government, there was exempt even from
seizure so much of this cotton as belonged to
non-combatant enemies.
If nothing but a judgment of confiscation
could divest the title of these claimants, the
sale of this cotton by the Government did not
vest in the United States any higher claim to
the money than it obtained to the property.
For by what law, either the common law or
the law of nations, can the holder of property
not his own get a title to the proceeds of its
sale which he did not have to tbe property
itself? Is the Government in any better posi-
tion with respect to the application of this
sound principle of law than the individual?
W ho ever heard of the legal title of the trustee
becoming absolute because he sold the prop-
erty and held in its stead the money arising
from its sale ; or by what process, when there
is a rightful claimant, can the bare possession
of the stakeholder ripen into such an adverse
title as will prevail over that of the lawfnl
owner? Or from what code of ethics is the
principle obtained that makes the moral or po-
litical characters of the owners a*test for the
conduct of the stakeholder or trustee ? It is
true the point that the sale of the cotton
and the payment of the money into the Treasury
did not affect the title of the owners was dis-
sented from by two of the court, but the judg-
ment of a, majority of the court is as I have
stated it, and is to-day a judicial affirmance of
the title of these claimants from which there
is no appeal. Now, shall this judgment, made
purely upon a judicial question by the highest
judicial powers known to the Constitution, be
disregarded by Congress because a certain class
who are the sharers of its benefits come within
that proscriptive policy toward the people of
the South which continues the animosities en-
gendered by the war, and which if persisted in
will make that reconciliation which is a neces-
sity to the permanent peace of the country im-
possible? These claimauts, Mr. Chairman,
simply ask justice of the Government.
They only claim that Congress shall respect
the good faith of the nation, which was pledged
to abide the award of that arbiter selected by
the United States to pass upon the disputed
title to this property between the Government
and the claimants. That arbiter, with the
affirmance of the Supreme Court, has decided
who are the rightful claimants of this fund.
Now, is it justice ? Is it worthy of a great
Government that ought to be as just as she is
powerful, by wrongfully ignoring the solemn
judgments of the courts, to hold on to thepro-
ceedsofthis property without compensation?
These claimants, whatever may have been
their past relation to the Government of the
United States, were at the time these judg-
ments were rendered, and are to-day in the
eyes of the law, as though they had committed
no offense. The broad shield of the procla-
mation of pardon from the Executive has in-
terposed between them and the "pains and
penalties" incurred by their past disloyalty,
restoring them as to their property to all the
rights and privileges of citizenship under tbe
Constitution. Where is the plighted faith of
the Government, if the amnesty granted by the
President to their claimants is to be ignored ?
For to adopt this amendment which is to
make conditional the payment of these judg-
ments is in effect to say, that Congress can
disregard this great constitutional right of the
President. Not only this, but to deny to the
courts the right to determine a purely judicial
question by making the same the subject-mat-
ter of legislation. Now, sir, why this assump-
tion of power by Congress? Is the Court of
Claims unworthy of our confidence? In what
respect have the judges of this court forfeited
the confidence of the country? Is the Su-
preme Court of the United States not to be
trusted? Are its judges, who are as distin-
guished for their fidelity to the Constitution as
they are eminent for their learning, not as
patriotic as Congress ?• Is this tribunal, which
is above the fierce passions of partisan zeal
and the narrow prejudices of sectional hate,
an unfit custodian of the honor and the rights
of the Government of the United States?
Sir, shouldthis be the judgment of Congress
—which will be implied if the decisions of
this court are ignored—it is not the judgment
of the country.
Now, sir, the records of the Treasury De-
partment show that the amount of proceeds
of abandoned and captured property covered
into the Treasury aggregates the sum of
$26,709,268 89. Of this sum there has been
returned to claimants, in accordance with the
awards of the United States Court of Claims,
the sum of $1,556,247 69. The amount dis-
bursed for the expenses of collection and
sale of property is $75,000 ; leaving a balance
