la?3.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
949
The question was taken ; and there were—
yeas 117, nays 61, not voting 62; as follows;
YEAS—Messrs. Acker, Adams, Archer, Arthur,
Barnum, Beatty, Erasmus W. Beck, James B. Beck,
Biggs, Bingham, Bird, Austin Blair, James G. Blair,
Braxton, Carroll, Cobb, Comingo, Conner, Cox,
Crebs, Critcher, Crossland, Darrali, Davis, Dawes,
Dox, DuBose, Duell. Duke, Barnes, Eldredge. Ely,
Esty, Finkelnburg, Forker. Charles Foster, Henry
D. Foster, Frye, Garfield, Garrett, Getz, Giddings,
Griffith, Hale, Hambleton, Hancock, Handley, Har-
per, John T, Harris, Joseph R. Hawicy, Hays,
Ilerndon, Hibbard. Hooper. Kelley, Kellogg. Kerr,
Ketcham. King, Lansing, Leach, Lewis, Maclntyre,
Manson, Marshall, Maynard, McCormick, McGrew,
MoHeary, MeKinney, Merriain, Merrick, Benjamin
F. Meyers, Monroe, Morgan, Leonard "Myers, Neg-
ley, Niblack, Pendleton, Perry, Peters, Poland, Pot-
ter, Price, Randall, Read, Edward Y. Rice, Ritchie,
Ellis H. Roberts, William It. Roberts, Robinson,
Sion H. Rogers, Scofield, Shober, Sloss, John A.
Smith, Worthington C. Smith, Speer, Sprague,
Starkweather, Stevens, Storm, Terry, Washington
Townscnd, Tuthill, Upson, Van Trump, Voorhees,
Waddeli, Wakeman, Wallace, Warren, Wheeler,
Wlutthorne, Willard, John T. Wilson, and
Young—117.
NAYS—Messrs. Averill, Barry, Boarman, Boles,
Buckley, Buffinton, Burchard, Burdett, Roderick
R. Bufcler, Caldwell, Coburn, Coghlan, Conger, Cot-
ton, Dodds, Bunnell, Elliott, Farnsworth, Farwell,
Wilder D. Foster, Harmer, George E. Harris, Havens,
John B. Hawley, Hay, John W. Hazelton, Kendall,
McCrary, McJunkin, McKoe, Mitchell, Moore, Mor-
phis. Packard, Packer. Palmer, Isaac C. Parker,
Porter, Rainey, Sargent, Sawyer, Sessions, Shanks,
Sheldon, Shoemaker, Slater, H. Boardman Smith,
Snapp, Stoughton, Stowell, St. John, Sutherland,
Taffe, Turner, Tyner, Walden, Waidron, Wells,
Whiteley. Williams of Indiana, and Wood—61.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ambler, Ames, Banks,
Barber, Bell. Bigby, Bright, Brooks, Bunnell, Ben-
jamin F.Butler, Campbell, Clarke, Creely. Crocker,
Dicker, Donnan, Goliaday, Goodrich, Haldeman,
Halsey, Hanks, Gerry W. Hazelton, Hereford, Hill,
Hoar. Holman, Houghton, Killinger, Kinsella, Lam-
ison, Lamport, Lowe, Lynch, McClelland, McNeely,
Morey, Orr, Hosea W. Parker, Peck, Perce, Piatt,
Prindle, John M. Rice, John Rogers, Roosevelt,
Rusk, Seeley, Shellabarger, Sherwood, Slocum,
Snyder,Stevenson, Swann, Sypher, Thomas, Dwight
Townsend, Twichell, Vaughan, Walls, Williams of
New York, Jeremiah M. Wilson, and Winches-
ter—64.
So the motion to lay on the table was agreed
to.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. RANDALL said: 1 desire to say that
Mr. McClelland, my colleague, is unavoidably
absent. If present, he would vote "ay."
Mr. BICE, of Kentucky. I am paired with
Mr. Williams, of New York. If present he
would vote "no," and I would vote "ay."
Mr. HEREFORD. I am paired with Mr.
Lowe, of Kansas. If present he would vote
"no," and I would vote "ay."
Mr. BARBER. I am paired with Mr.
Ambijsb, of Ohio, who if present would vote
"ay," and 1 would vote "no."
Mr. PALMER. I wish to state that Mr.
Obs, my colleague, is paired with Mr. Platt,
of Virginia. If present Mr. Okk would vote
"no," and Mr. Platt would vote "ay."
The result of the vote was announced as
above recorded.
Air. HALE moved to reconsider the vote
just taken ; and also moved that the motion
to rceonsider be laid 011 the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by M. Symp-
son, one of its clcrks, informed the House that
the Senate had passed and requested the con-
currence of the House in a bill of the Following
title:
A bill (S. No. 1429) to provide for the care
and preservation of the cemetery near the city
of Mexico, purchased in accordance with the
act of September 20, 1850.
MANCHESTER SALT WORKS.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky [Mr. Adams] asks unanimous consent
to have taken from the Speaker's table and
concurred in at this time a concurrent resolu-
tion of the Senate to which he apprehends
there will be no objection. The Clerk will
read the concurrent resolution of the Senate.
The Clerk read as follows:
Mcxolvcd bp llii Senate, (the House of Kepreseut-
aUvc'a concurring,) That the joint Committee on
Enrolled Bills be authorized to correct an error m
the enrolled bill (S. No. 161) for the relief of those
suffering from the destruction of the salt works near
Manchester, Kentucky, pursuant to the orders of
Major General CariosBuell, bystrikingout the name
ot the firm erroneously written " Qilson & Chastam,"
and inserting in lieu thereof the correct name of
'Gibson & Ohastain." and by striking out the name
of the firm erroneously written "I. and D. White,"
and inserting the correct name of "J. and. D.
White."
The SPEAKER. The object of this con-
current resolution of the Senate is to correct
the enrolled bill so it may correspond with
the bill as it was actually passed by the House.
Is there objection to taking it up and putting
it on its passage at this time ?
There was no objection, and the resolution
was concurred in.
Mr. ADAMS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was concurred in;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
Mr. BUCKLEY, from the Committee on
Enrolled Bills, reported that the committee
had examined and found truly enrolled bills
of the following titles; when the Speaker signed
the same:
An act (S. No. 1367) for the relief of John
T. Mason, former collector of customs at
Baltimore, and late United States designated
depositary;
An act (H. R. No. 2345) for the relief of
Daniel 0. Cleveland, postmasteratBroadalbin,
in the State of New York ;
An act (H. R. No. 2478) granting a pension
to Sarah Baird;
An act (H. R. No. 2538) granting a pension
to Mary A. Chute; and
An act (H. R. No. 2982) to abolish the
franking privilege.
TLOtUDA CONTESTED-ELECTION CASE.
Mr. McCRARY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to a
privileged question, and call up the Florida
contested-election case of Silas L. Niblack
against Josiah T. Walls.
Mr. COGHLAN. I ask unanimous consent
to introduce for reference two bills which
will not take a moment.
Mr. MOORE. I demand the regular order
of business.
The SPEAKER. The regular order being
demanded, the gentleman from low a must
proceed wilh his privileged question.
Mr. McCRARY. I call up the Florida con-
tested-election case of Niblack vs Walls, and
ask that the resolutions reported by the com-
mittee be read.
The Clerk read as follows :
Resolved, That Josiah T. Walls is not entitled to
a seat in this House from the State of Florida.
liesohed, That Silas L. Niblack is entitled to a
seat in this House from the State of Florida.
Mr. McCRARY. Mr. Speaker, the House
has uniformly accepted, almost without dis-
sent, the conclusions submitted to it by the
present Committee of Elections; and as this
is probably the last report which the commit-
tee will have to submii, I take the occasion to
express, in my own behalf and for the entire
committee, the very great satisfaction which
we all feel in having enjoyed in so great a
degree the confidence of our associates here.
The labors of the committee have been arduous;
and I think it has seldom fallen to the lot of
any Committee of Elections to deal with more
difficult or more important questions, both of
law and of fact.
We have submitted to the House thirteen
reports each one, of which involved the right
to a seat, and one report involving the right of
the entire delegation from one of the States of
the Union to retain their seats. Besides these
we have submitted a large number of reports
upon questions preliminary in their character,
but many ofthem involving much investigation
and discussion. The committee has heard
counsel in nearly every case, upon all ques-
tions, both preliminary and final. The labors
of the committee may be partially appreciated,
when it is known that the evidence which has
been examined comprises more than five thou-
sand closely printed pages; in addition to which,
much time and labor has been given to the
examination of the authorities bearing upon
the many and important legal questions pre-
sented.
I take great pleasure, and, I am free to admit,
a good deal of pride also, in referring to the
fact that every report made by the commit-
tee except two has been unanimous, and that
unanimous reports have been submitted ia
favor of both Republicans and Democrats, but
in every case, I am sure, with no reference to
party politics. An examination of these re-
ports will show that many important and val-
uable precedents have been established, and
some very bad ones overruled. I should not
discharge my duty on this occasion were I to
fail to make mention of the learning, ability,
care, and industry which has characterized tha
labors of my associates on the committee. It
is to them and to their labors that I and tha
House and the country are largely indebted
for whatever the committee has been able to
accomplish. In addition to their ordinary
duties, the committee have perfected, and both
Houses have passed, a bill to amend the statute
regulating the mode of obtaining evidence ia
contested-election cases. This measure will,
undoubtedly, very greatly facilitate proceed-
ings in future contests.
It provides, among other things, that the
time for taking testimony shall be ninety days,
and that it shall be divided between the con-"
testant and the incumbent. The first forty
days shall be occupied by the contestant, the
succeeding forty days by the incumbent, and
the last ten days by the contestant, in taking
testimony in rebuttal only. Heretofore the
time allowed has been but sixty days, during
the whole of which either or both parties could
examine witnesses. One of the chief evils of
this practice has been that it puts it in the
power of either party to introduce important
testimony on the last day and in the last
hours of the time allowed, and thus to cut off
rebutting testimony. Under this statute it has
been fonnd necessary, in order to secure a full
and fair hearing, and do full justice, to extend
the time for taking evidence in almost every
case. It is hoped and believed that, under
the amendment to the law to which I refer, all
cases (or at least the most of them) can be
fully prepared for trial within the time pro-
vided. This amendment of the statute also
provides for the taking of depositions of wit-
nesses who may have removed or may reside
outside of the district from which the contest
comes. The importance of a provision of this
kind will be seen at once. Other and less
important, changes in the law are made, but I
need not refer to them more in detail here.
The Committee of Elections have also rec-
ommended, and the House, has adopted, an
amendment to the legislative, executive, and
judicial appropriation bill, providing that after
the expiration of the present Congress no
payment shall be made by the House, out of
its contingent fund or otherwise, to either
party to a contested-election case for expenses
incurred in prosecuting or defending the same.
I have had occasion heretofore to express to
the House the reasons which actuated the
committee in taking this action, and I refer to
it here only because my review of the work
of the committee would be very incomplete if
this were omitted. I regard it as a reform of
no little importance and as a measure of
economy and of justice.
Mr. Speaker, there can be no more import-
ant and responsible duty devolved upon any
committee of this Bouse than that of passing
upon the claims of those who assert their right
to seats here as Representatives of the people.
It is a duty to the performance of which should
be brought a patient industry and a conscien-
tious regard for the law, and for equal and
