©50
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 29,
exact justice to each and all alike. Nothing
can be more important to this body (because
nothing more nearly concerns the rights of the
great constituency which we represent) than
that the rules which are to govern in cases
of this character shall be such as to secure
obedience to the lawfully expressed will of
the majority in every case, and such as are
approved by common sense and experience
as conducive to this end.
■If the present committee, in closing its
labors, can have the assurance that it has en-
deavored, with some degree of success, to pro-
mote this great purpose, I am sure I speak uot
only my own sentiment but that of each mem-
ber of the committee when I say that while
others might have accomplished more, we are
glad that we have accomplished so much.
Concerning the particular case now under
consideration, I will take occasion to state as
concisely aB I can the grounds upon which
the committee rest the conclusion that the con-
testant, Mr. Niblack, is, and that the sit-
ting member, Mr. Walls, is not, entitled to the
seat. The State canvassers certify that the
sitting member received 12,439 votes, and
the contestant 11,810, showing a majority for
the sitting member of 629. But in reaching
this result they rejected the returns from the
following counties s
Niblack. Walls.
Lafayette    152
Suwanne    318 230
Taylor  177
Calhoun  101 62
Sumter      314 60
Manatee  153
Brevard  30 3
Monroe..  359 428
Total .1,601 783
The sitting member admits that by virtue
of the waiver ot certain technical objections
made by the contestee the returns of S.uwanne,
Calhoun, Sumter, and Monroe counties are to
be accepted by the committee and the House.
No question is made in the argument upon
the returns of Taylor county, and none can be
made.
This narrows our inquiry, so far as it relates
to the rejection of county returns, to the coun-
ties of Lafayette, Manatee, and Brevard.
LAFAYETTE COUNTY.
The returns from this county show 152 votes
for contestant and none f'orthe sitting member.
The evidence taken shows that the county can-
vassers rejected three of the precincts of tho
county and counted but two.
This return is rendered worthless by the
testimony of William D. Sears, sheriff of La-
fayette comity, and a member of the board of
county canvassers.
_ This witness swears that at New Troy pre-
cinct, which is one ofthe two precincts counted,
there were at least 42 votes cast and counted
out for the sitting member; a fact he knows
from having been present at the counting of
the vote; and yet by the return every vote is
given to contestant.
Tho same facts, in substance, are shown by
tho evidence of Redden B. Hill, another mem-
ber of the board of canvassers. (See pages 11
to 14, inclusive, of evidence )
Other objections are raised to this return,
but they need not be considered, for this testi-
mony successfully impeaches it and shows that
it is tainted with fraud, and must therefore be
rejected.
We are left, then, to the inquiry, what votes
have been proven by evidence outside of this
return ?
Upon looking into the evidence upon this
point we find that there is no proof whatever
as to" the actual state of the vote at the pre-
cincts of New Troy and Summerville, which
are the two which purport to have been in-
cluded in said return, except the proof already
mentioned, that the sitting member received
at New Troy at least 42 votes. The vote of
these two precincts, in which contestant claims
152 votes, mast therefore bo rejected, because
the return is shown to be void for fraud, and
no secondary evidence is offered to take its
place.
It is suggested that we might allow the 152
votes which, according to this return, were cast
for contestant, and also allow the sitting mem-
ber the 42 votes which are shown to have been
cast for him and not returned. But the com-
mittee bold that it having been shown that the
return is fraudulent and false in a matter so
material as the suppression altogether of the
whole of the sitting member's vote, it cannot
be received for any purpose.
The contestant cannot complain of this rul-
ing, for he took the testimony of several ofthe
election officers of this county, and had notice
of the fraudulent character of these returns,
and yet chose to rely upon them, and failed to
inquire of a single witness as to the actual vote
of these precincts.
Testimony has been taken to show the act-
ual vote in the three precincts rejected by the
canvassers, and with the following result:
Niblack. Walls.
Cook's Hammock precinct  16 None.
California precinct  3 8 None.
Governor's Hill precinct  34 None.
Total  _68
As counsel for the sitting member concedes
that there is sufficient proof of these votes, I
need not refer to tho evidence.
MANATEE COUNTY.
The returns from this county were thrown
out for the following reasons :
1. Because the returns made by the county
board, which, by the statute, are required to
be duplicates, arc not such. One return states
that the board met and canvassed the votes
" on the 29th day of November, 1870," while
the other states that the board met and can-
vassed the vote " on the 1st day of December,
1870;" and the former is dated November 29,
and the latter December 1.
2. Because the vote of said county was not
canvassed and the returns made out and for-
warded to the State officers authorized to
receive them within twenty days from the day
of election, as required by statute.
3. Because said returns were uot forwarded
by mail, addressed to the secretary of State
and Governor, asexpressly requiredby statute,
but were in fact sent in an envelope addressed
to contestant, by a private messenger, and
delivered to and opened by one W. II.
Pearce, of Polk county, who afterward placed
it in the hands of the board.
These objections were considered by the
committee at the last session of Congress, and
it was considered by the committee very desir-
able to obtain more reliable evidence as to
the actual vote cast in this county.
It was thought that it would be unsafe to
establish a precedent of accepting as evidence
a return which, instead of being transmitted
from the county to the State board by mail, as
the law requires, was sent by the hand of a
private individual, and by him delivered to
one of the candidates, to be by him delivered
to the State board.
Accordingly, the committee recommended,
and the House, on the 29th of May last, adopted
the following resolution:
"Resolved. That the contestcd-election case of
Niblack Walls be continued until the next ses-
sion of this Congress, and that in the mean time the
parties have leave to take further evidence as to
what was the true vote cast in the counties of Bre-
vard and Manatee, and Yellow Bluff precinct, in
Duval counts;, and also as to whether the election
in said counties and in said precinct was conducted
fairly and according to law."
Under this resolution the sitting member has
taken no evidence, but the contestant has called
and examined E. B. Mizell, county judge, and
John F. Barthoif, clerk of Manatee county,
and who were two of the three canvassing
officers for that county.
These witnesses each identify a paper shown
them as a true copy of the return as made out
by them as canvassing officers.
The copy is identical with the return which
was rejected by the State board, the difference
of one day between the dates of the two papers
filed as duplicates, being considered immate-
rial.
This evidence seems to be sufficient to show
that the returns from this county were not tam-
pered with, and that, notwithstanding the irreg-
ular and illegal mode adopted for their trans-
mission from the county, to the State board,
they are in fact correct and reliable.
This return is also certified (as well as sworn
to) by the olerk of the county, who, by the
statute of that State, is the legal custodian of
the original record of the canvass.
The vote of this county should therefore be
counted.
BREVARD COUNTY.
The statute of Florida requires that the
returns shall be signed by the judge of the
county court; the clerk of the circuit court,
and one justice of the peace.
The return from this county relied upon as
proof of the vote of the county is signed by
but one of these three officers, the county
judge.
The committee are of opinion that where
the law requires the certificate to be made by
three officers a majority at least must sign, to
make the certificate evidence.
This is not a merely technical rule; it is
substantial, because the refusal or failure of a
majority of the board to sign the return raises
a presumption that it is not correct.
It is fair to infer that if it had been free
from objection a majority of the board at
least would have signed it.
It is enough, however, to say that the law
requires the certificate of the three officers,
and all the authorities agree that at least two
must certify or the certificate is inadmissible.
Although leave was given at the last ses-
sion to take further evidence with regard to
this county, none has been taken.
It was, therefore, the duty of the contestant
to have proven the vote of the county by com-
petent evidence, and as he has not done so the
votes alleged to have been casttherein, to wit,
thirty for Niblack and three for Walls, cannot
be admitted.
GADSDEX COUNTY.
The sitting member claims that 33 legal
voters offered to vote for him at Quincy, in Gad s-
den county, and that they were prevented
from so doing by fraud, violence, or intimida-
tion, and he asks that their votes be counted
as if cast for him.
I am satisfied from the evidence that there
was an organized effort on the part of the
friends of contestant to prevent a full vote
being cast at this poll for the sitting mem-
ber, and that it wa3 partially successful.
This conspiracy was carried out by creating
a disturbance at the election by threats of vio-
lence and the exhibition of deadly weapons,
and particularly by crowding about the polls
in such numbers as to prevent many colored
voters from reaching the polls to deposit their
ballots, and with this intent.
This conspiracy was led by one A. K, Alli-
son, or at least he was conspicuous in it, and
for his connection with it he has since been
indicted by a grand jury, and tried and con-
victed before a jury on the charge of conspir-
acy with others to prevent certain citizens from
exercising their right to vote, and of carrying
out such conspiracy by threats, violence, and
force.
It is insisted on behalf of contestant that the
only remedy for violence and intimidation prac-
ticed at an election is the rejection of the poll
or polls at which the violence occurs.
This remedy in the present case would only
add to the injury, inasmuch as the sitting mem-
ber received a majority, and this shows the
necessity for some other remedy.
This is to be found in the rule, which is well
settled, that where a legal voter offers to vote
for a particular candidate and uses due dili-
