THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28,
The message also announced that the Sen-
ate had passed the following resolution in
regard to printing the report of the United
States geological survey of the Territories ; in
which the concurrence of the House was
requested:
Resolved by the Senate, (the Ilouseof Representa-
tives concurring.) That there he printed and bo arid
twelve thousand copies of Professor, Hayden's sixth
annua) report of tbe United States geological surycy
of the Territories of explorations for 1872,; sevon
thousand five hundred copies of which' shaH be for
the use of the Ilouse-of Representatives, two thou-
sand five hundred copies,for the Sonate, and two
thousand copies for distribution by the Smithsonian
Institution.
The message also announced that the Senate
had passed the following concurrent resolution
in regard to printing the report of the United
States commissioner of fish aild fisheries ; in
which the concurrence of the House was re-
quested :
Kesolvcd by the Senate, (the KouSo concurring,) That
there bo printed live thousand extra copies of tho
report of the United States commissioner of fish and
fisheries for 1872, upon the decrease of tho food-
fishes of tho seacoast and of the lakes, and upon tho
stocking of the rivers and lakes of the United Status
with salmon, shad, &o.; three thousand of which
sha,ll be for the use of tho House, fifteen hundred
for the Senate, and live hundred lor the commis-
sioner.
The message further announced that the
Senate had passed without amendment House
bills of the following titles :
An act (H. R.1 No. 1907} to make Ran Diego
ill the State of California a port of entry ;
An act (H. R. No. 4054) relating to the
fractional parts of a barrel containing fer-
mented liquors ;
An act (II. R. No. 2747) providing for tho
completion of the military road from Santa Fe
to Taso in the Territory of New Mexico ;
An act (H. R. No. 2;19!)) granting a pension
to Ada H. McDonald ;
An act (H. R. No. 1068) granting a pension
to Martha B. Williams ;
An act (H. B. No. 3878) for the relief of
Mrs. Louisa1 Eldis;
An act (H. R. No. IS78S) for the relief of
Captain Charles McOlure;
An act (H. R. No. iil(iii) for the relief of
William Bayne, trustee, <%c.;
An act (II. R. No. 15877) for the relief of
Anna E. Peale;
An act (H. R. No. for the relief of
Amherst H. Wilder; and
An act (H. R. No. 2!H>2) for the relief of
the estates of Abel Clifford and William Ger-
l-ish, late copartners in business under the style
of GifFord & Gerrish.
The message also announced that the Sen-
ate had passed hills of the following titles; in
which the concurrence of the House was
requested:
An act (S. No. 1299) to amend an act enti-
tled "An act to enable honorably discharged
soldiers and sailors, their widows and orphan
children, to acquire homesteads on tbe public
lands of the United States," and the amend-
ments thereto;
An act (S. No. 1584) to provide for a board
of commissioners to report a system of irriga-
tion for the San Joaquin, Sacramento, and
Tulare Valleys, in California;
An act (S. No. 1<54;5) to amend an act
entitled "An act to establish a western judicial
district in North Carolina;" and
An act (S. N®. 1875) granting relief to Eva,
Etta, Henry, and Guy Carleton, heirs of Gen-
eral James H. Carleton, deceased.
LEGISLATIVE APPROPRIATION BIfjL.
The Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Onion resumed its session.
Mr. HALE. Mr. Chairman, I agree with
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Suellauab-
gkr] that this amendment does not go far
enough. I agree with him that there is a class
of persons so tainted and so tainting auy claim
they present that no judgment should be is-
sued ou such a claim; but whether that funda-
mental provision can or not be passed no.w at
this stage of the session in order to cut off
such claims upon the Treasury, must be very
doubtful in the mind of any gentleman upon
this floor. This question here is whether theie
claims of the class referred to by the gentle-
man, which are tainted by the participation
of their owners in disloyalty, shall be pre-
sented during next year and judgment ren-
dered upon them and the claims paid.
Mr. PERCE. Let tae ask the gentleman a
Question.
Mr. HALE,
five minutes.
Mr. PERCE,
man from Maine
I cannot yield, as I have but
I wish to say to the gentle-
Mr. HALE. I refuse to yield.
Now, Mr. Chairman, it is as it always was,
a question of jurisdiction. Originally, by the
language of the early acts applying to the
Court of Claims, it was settled that no juris-
diction was given or should be taken in cases
of disloyalty. I use this word generally be-
cause I cannot go into the description of per-
sons excluded more specifically. Afterward
the Supreme Court rendered a decision which
declared that as a matter of legal inference a
pardon was as good as continuing loyalty,
and thereby the action of Congress was contra-
vened and parties gained a status in the Court
of Claims not intended by the original scope
of the court. Now, it is to day purely a ques-
tion of jurisdiction as much as ever, and it
rests with the Congress of the United States to
come in here and to regulate that question.
It would be better done, of course, by going to
the very bottom and providing that judgments
iu cases of certain classes shall not be ren-
dered at all, and to put the court back whfjre
it was at first, as an auditing board to repott to
Congress. But it all comes to one result, to
take money outof the Treasury; and the action
of Congress is what must regulate that, as the
Constitution provides.'
01' course in a five-minutes speech I cannot
pretend to make any proper presentation of
tbe law iu the case, and shall not attempt it.
I have no such reverence for the Court of
Claims, when I consider for what purpose itwas
created and how limited its jurisdiction was,
that 1 fear any detraction from the dignity of
our judiciary if this amendment passes. But
I have been asked what class of persons should
this apply to who ought not to be paid. There
is now wailing in the Court of Claims a claim
which will be paid if Congress does not act,
made by a man who not only gave aid and
comfort to the rebellion during the war, but
who since used these words, defining his posi-
tion, and which are found in his own papers,
which I ask the Clerk to read from the desk.
They will show what class of claimants are
referred to, and who ought to be excluded
from these tilings.
The Clerk read as follows:
"X adhered to the confederacy, and I gave it my
fieo and liberal support, and I am prepared to show
that directly and indirectly I have expended be-
tween three and four hundred thousand dollars
for it.
" By availing myself of the law of Congress of
July 17,18(52, and President Lincoln's proclamation
of December 8, 1863, founded thereon, X could, if
justice and law were dealt to me iu common with
of hers, preservo all my pr6perty to myself, pay off
all my debts, and have a comfortable competency
remaining for raysell and family. And X could,
whenever X pleased, expatriate myself from Yankee
dominion and vicinage."
Again he says:
" If I cannot serve the confederacy by the course
I have adopted, I can at least defeat tho Federal
X'reiusury in acquiring all my property for its advan-
tage, which I prefer to making myself a beggar and
a dunderhead at my time of life; and if I may not
thereby give active and direct aid to the better cause,
it will at least be an indirect benefit by diverting so
much from its enemies. X have the conscientious
belief that X did my share in support of the confed-
eracy while I was in a condition to do it."
Mr. PERCE. I hope the gentleman will
give the name of the party.
Mr. HALE. It is one Lamar. !
Mr. PERCE. That case has not been passed
by the court.
Mr. MAYNARD. Mr. Chairman, I wish
to call the attention of the House to the
amendment itself, and what the effect will be
if passed into law. I do not see why the gen-
tleman from Maine should advocate it, or why
the gentleman from Georgia should oppose it.
As the law now stands, by the decision of the
Supreme Court amnestied and pardoned per-
sons cen come into court and sustain their
claims under thatactby proving their amnesty
and pardon. This amendment requires noth-
ing more. It requires simply they shallhave
rendered no aid and comfort to the rebellion,
which is precisely the language of the act of
1803, and is of course to be proved in precisely
the same way.
But this amendment does do what the act
of 18(53 does not do. It gives to unamnestied
and unpardoned rebels the right to have their
cases heard iu the Court of Claims; to have
judgment pronounced in their favor but not
paid, simply reported to Congress for actiou
here. A,s to pardoned and amnestied men, it
works no chauge in,existing law. Under the
existing law, as interpreted by the Supreme
Court, the pardon and amnesty proved con-
clusively that no aid or comfort was given to
the rebellion. That is all that is required
here.
Mr. POLAND. That is not what this
means.
Mr. MAYNARD. It may not be what is
intended by the mover of it, but it is what it
means when it will be interpreted judicially.
And for that reason I cannot see why gentle-
men on the. one side are favoring it and on
the other opposing it.
Mr. KERR and Mr. PERCE rose.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Kebk] is recognized.
Mr. PEKCE. 1 do not like to make the
point of order; but! think some gentleman
from the States interested should be recog-
nized.
Mr. KERR. I desire to say but a few
words. This amendment is an old acquaint-
ance iu this House, and I thought it had been
before sufficiently condemned by the House
not to be returned here any more. I do not
think it is any more meritorious than it has
been on past occasions when this House has
condemned it. I think the reasons for which
heretofore it has been so often condemned by
the House grow stronger and stronger every
day ; while the argument for it ought to have
less weight in the opinions and judgments of
just and unprejudiced men than it ever had
before.
I hope we are approaching in this country,
as time carries us further from the period of
our late civil strife, a condition of popular
mind and feeling in which we are willing to
submit cheerfully and kiudly to the rule and
supremacy of law. Especially is it time that
this condition were realized by the Congress
of the United States. Legislation in the
spirit of passion or proscription ought to
cease absolutely. The men of every section
of the country are certainly entitled now to
be governed alone by the settled rules and prin-
ciples of law and the Constitution and by the
solemn decisions of our highest and purest
judicial tribunal. Now, the aim and purpose
of this amendment and the legal principle
involved in it have not only been condemned,
repeatedly condemned by the House, but have
been condemned also by the Supreme Court
of the United States, by that court of last
resort in our country. They are condemned
alike in my judgment by the public policy of
the country, they are condemned by the com-
mon principles of justice, they are condemned
by the settled rules of international law, and
the laws of war in civilized times and between
civilized peoples.
I think that this amendment, requiring, as
