1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
951
gence in endeavoring to do so, and is prevented
by fraud, violence, or intimidation from de-
positing his ballot, his vote should be counted.
The principle is that the offer to vote is
equivalent to voting.
We find in the record the testimony of
twenty-nine witnesses, each one of whom
testifies that he offered to vote for Mr. Walls
and made the proper effort to do so, and was
prevented. (See pages 71 to 90, inclusive, of
the evidence.) We are of opinion that these
twenty-nine votes should be counted for the
sitting member.
FORT 0GDEN.
Under the leave granted by the House, the
contestant has also proven the vote of Port
Ogden precinct in Manatee county, (rejected
by county canvassers,) to wit: thirty-nine
votes for contestant, and these must also be
counted for him.
VOTES PROVEN.
It is conceded also that contestant has proven
the following votes, which were cast in Duval
county and not included in the county returns:
Niblack. Walls.
Mayport precinct  28 8
Baldwin precinct  30 4
LAKE CITY, COLUMBIA COUNTY.
The sitting member asks that the vote of
City Hall precinct, at Lake City, Columbia
county, be rejected upon the ground of intimi-
dation and violence. We do not find any
allegation in the answer which covers this
point; but, waiviug this consideration, let us
look into the evidence.
It does not appear that there was actual vio-
lence at the polls.
All the voters of the county were required
to vote at Lake City, and as some of them had
to travel a long distance to reach that place,
a large number assembled there the night pre-
vious to the election, and on that night there
was a disturbance, which occurred as follows:
The colored people held a meeting, and
after its close they formed in procession and
marched through the streets. In the course
of this march they came in collision with a
crowd of white people. Much harsh language
was used, and a personal conflict between_ a
colored man and a white man ensued. This,
however, was of no great consequence, and was
soon quelled, when the procession moved on
its way. After this there was some firingof
guns, probably commenced by some one firing
upon the procession, wounding one of the
colored men slightly. A number of shots were
fired by both parties, but no one except the
colored man above mentioned was injured.
Bv the efforts of the better class of citizens,
both white and colored, this disturbance was
speedily quelled.
It is thought by some of the witnesses that
a number ot voters, principally colored men,
were afraid to go to the polls on election day
because of these disturbances of the previous
night; but as to the number of persons thus
deterred, and as to what, if any, efforts they
made to exercise their right, the evidence is
wholly unsatisfactory. One witness puts the
number at "several," while another estimates
it at forty. * The number who were intimidated
(with or without sufficient reason) was evi-
dently not so great as to justify the rejection of
the entire poll. By the use of proper diligence
the sitting member could have called the voters
themselves, or some of them, and could have
thus shown their number and the facts as to
their intimidation and offer and efforts to vote.
In this case, as in the recent case of N orris
vs. Handley, the proof of intimidation being
unsatisfactory, we deem it proper to refer to
report of the Census Bureau for 18 iO, tor the
purpose of determining whether an unusually
large proportion of the voting population have
failed to vote. From this sourcewe learn that
in a population of 1,397 male citizens over the
age of twenty-one years in Columbia county,
1,181 votes were cast, leavingbut 216 who did
not vole. This is an ordinarily full vote, as
will be seen by reference to the statistics of
elections; and it leaves but a small margin,
if any at all, over and above the number who
habitually fail or neglectto vote. Atall events,
it is perfectly clear that, in view of the finding
of your committeee upon other points in the
case, the small number of votes which, by an
extremely liberal construction of the evidence,
might be excluded on the ground of intimida-
tion at this poll, cannot affect the result. If
we allow ten per cent, of the whole voting
population as the number who remained away
from the polls for ordinary causes, there will
remain but seventy-seven persons who could
have been kept away by fear.
JACKSON COUNTY.
There were disturbances at the polls in
Marianna, where three polls were opened, and
where the whole county voted. One or two
personal collisions occurred, some harsh lan-
guage was used, and some persons were,
doubtless, frightened away; butas to the num-
ber who left, and as to whether they left with-
out voting, and as to the candidate for whom
those who left without voting intended to vote,
the evidence is wholly unsatisfactory. Several
witnesses are called on the part of the sitting
member, who testify that, in their opinion,
from 100 to 200 colored persons were deterred
from voting; but this is a mere conjecture, and
the census, already referred to, shows that it
is wholly incorrect. By the census report of
1870, it appears that at the time the census
was taken (which was but a short time prior
to the election) there were in the county of
Jackson 1,879 male citizens over the age of
twenty-one years, and the returns before us
show that 1,752 votes were actually cast, leav-
ing only 127 voters who failed, from all causes,
to exercise their right. This is an exceedingly
small percentage, being less than ten per cent.,
and shows conclusively that the allegation that
some 400 voters were intimidated, and thereby
deprived of the privilege of voting, is not true.
On the contrary, we must conclude, in view
of the unusually large vote polled, that nothing
can be deducted from the vote returned for
the contestant on the ground ot intimidation
in this county.
I have now stated to the House the conclu-
sions of the committee upon all the material
points in the ease, and it only remains for me
to sum up the result as^ determined by these
conclusions, and which is as follows:
Niblack. Walls.
Canvassed vote 
Suwanne county  318
Taylor county  }'< -
Calhoun county  iyi  >£
Sumter pounty  314 bU
Manatee county  log
Monroe county 
Cook's Hammock  lj>
California 
Governor's Hill  «
Mayport 
Baldwin  3u
Gadsden county 
Fort Ogden 
428
13,397
13,260
13,397
Majority for Niblack  137
Mr. ELDREDGE. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman from Iowa a question or two betore he
resumes his seat. I understand the Commit-
tee of Elections are unanimous on this ques-
tion.
Mr. McCRARY. The committee are unani-
mous.
Mr. ELDREDGE. The question seems to
have beeu a very clear one. And I wish to
ask the gentleman why it is that theCommit-
tee of Elections have not disposed ot this case
until after the lapse of a year and eleven
mouths, when it is perfectly clear to the com-
mittee the sitting member was not entitled to
the seat, but the contestant was entitled to the
seat? It seems to me there ought to be some
reason rendered to the House why that conclu-
sion was not come to before. Certainly, it
the committee have been overburdened wii.li
work this House ought to tal:e into consider-
ation that fact, and there ought to be another
Committee of Elections, so these cases of con-
tested election can be disposed of during the
Congress in reference to which the dispute
occurs. I hope another Committee of Elec-
tions will be created if the present commit-
tee cannot dispose of the business before the
close of this Congress. I do not mean this
present committee shall be displaced. I do
not know but they have done their duty. I
cast no reflections upon them. It is, however,
certainly a reproach to us that an application
made for a seat in this House, and rightfully
so, made against the sitting member, is not
determined until a year and eleven months
have elapsed.
Mr. McCRARY. That has arisen from the
fault of the parties to the contest, and it is the
fault of the contestant, as much as the fault of
the sitting member, that this result has not
beeu reached at an earlier day. The evidence
as presented at the last session of Congress
was not of such a character as to enable us to
reach a conclusion upon the merits of the case
as we thought, and hence we ordered that
further testimony should betaken, which could
not be done before the close of the last session.
Moreover, it was impossible for the Committee
of Elections to consider all their cases at the
beginning of the Congress. We have had as
much as we can do, by faithful and earnest
labor, to get through with our work up to this
date, and some cases had to be left to the last.
If the gentleman from Wisconsin thinks there
ought to be another Committee of Elections
he may make a proposition to that effect.
Mr. ELDREDGE. I hope the rules will be
changed, so that an opportunity may be given
for all the cases to be presented earlier in Con-
gress, so that a rightful member may have his
seat. I have no charge to make against the
committee. I have no doubt they have done
their entire duty. But certainly there ought
to be some way in which the cases may be
determined during the life ol the Congress to
which a party is elected.
Mr. HOAR. The point to which the gen-
tleman from Wisconsin [Mr. EldkedgeJ has
called the attention of the House requires the
statement of something which occurred while
the chairman of the Committee of Elections
was absent in Louisiana.
When Mr. Niblack presented his evidence,
Mr. Walls appeared and denied he ever had
received the notice of contest required by the
statute, which notice the statute requires to be
served on the sitting member in person or at
his last usual place of abode. It appears that
before the service took place the sitting mem-
ber had removed from his last usual place ol
abode to a distance of about one hundred and
fifty miles from the place where he formerly
resided. The contestant did not make the
service at the last usual place of abode, as was
proved by the affidavit of the person who made
it, and it appeared that that affidavit was sworn
to on the same day the notice purported to
have been given, before a magistrate who lived
close by the old place of abode ot the sitting
member. So it seemed to be a very strong
case for believing that Mr. Niblack hadnot
made his service at the place of abode ot Ins
opponent at the time the service was made.
That state of things arising, Mr. Niblack,
by the advice of his counsel, elected to submit
to an application for a continuance to this
session of Congress, which was made by the
sitting member. Otherwise it would have been
possible, though no member of the committee,
so far as I know, formed an opinion on the
subject—it would have been possible that the
committee would have been constrained on
the evidence to find that the statute had not
been complied with, and that the contestant
had lost his right to contest.
Now, that was the unanimous action or the
committee, being assented to by both sides.
