1912
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28
Mr. BANKS. As this amendment stands,
in my judgment it is not an act of legislation
at all, and ought not to receive any votes in
this House. Irrespective altogether of its
merits, it is a proposition neither to alter,
amend, nor repeal a statute or statute pro-
vision. It is a provision to circumvent an
existing law.
It says to these men, you may have a judg-
ment under provisions of law, but you shall
not have your judgments paid. That is not a
legitimate, or fair, or just, or an honorable
method of legislation. It strikes directly at
the credit and standing of the Supreme Court
of the United States, or whatever court shall
have jurisdiction of this matter. I am sure
it will not be the wish of the House to dcclare
by a provision of law that judgments which
shall be legitimately and properly obtained
under existing laws shall not be paid when so
obtained.
Mr. HALE. Will the gentleman allow me
to ask him him a question V
Mr. BANKS. 1 will.
Mr. HALE. Is is not the fact that origin-
ally the judgments of the Court of Claims of
this nature were brought before Congress for
appropriation ?
Mr. BANKS. Yes, it is the fact that origin-
ally they were paid after appropriation made;
but that has been changed.
Mr. HALE. That was the original design
of the court.
Mr. BANKS. I know that. The court
originally was not a part of this judicial sys-
tem ; it was a mere commission to examine
claims, without any provision that the Govern-
ment should be bound by their findings. After-
ward it was found to be both inconvenient and
impossible to conduct that system in that way,
ana therefore the court of claims was made a
part of the judicial system of the country, and
their judgments directed to be paid, irrespec-
tive of the merits of the particular cases de-
oided by them. Now we propose to change
this and to allow the court to give judgments
under the laws of the land, but by a distinct
provision we say that as to a particular class
of claimants, these judgments shall not be paid
unless the claimants can come here and get an
appropriation for that purpose. I say that it
would be unworthy of the House to decide in
favor of this proposition.
Look at the condition upon which these
judgments are to be paid. It is required in
the first place that claimants shall prove a neg-
ative. If a claimant is required to establish
his character, the condition upon which that
character shall be recognized ought to be speci-
fied. But you deny to the claimant his right
to payment of a judgment properly and legally
obtained unless he shall go into court.and
establish a negative, which it is not within his
power to do.
Mr. FOSTER, of Pennsylvania. I would
like to ask the gentleman whether, after judg-
ments have been rendered, all these things are
not presumed to have been proved and estab-
lished before the court ?
Mr. BANKS. It may be that they are pre-
sumed ; but this provision is designed to cir-
cumvent and defeat the operation of the law.
Mr. FOSTER, of Pennsylvania. I agree
with the gentleman.
Mr. BANKS. The claimant may be able to
establish his character in court as being up to
certain conditions of law; but it is impossible
for him to go into court and show that no one
else can disprove what he has said. There-
fore if the court follow the provisions of this
amendment, no man can establish the condi-
tion upon which he is entitled to payment.
Let me say one word more. If a man has
not rendered aid or coml'ort to the rebellion,
what is the reason that he has not a claim
before the courts of the country ? This amend-
ment provides that—
Where such claimant shall have failed to provo
that he had not rendered suoh aid or comfort, no
judgment of said eourt shall be paid until a special
appropriation therefor shall be made by Congress.
If a man proves that he has not rendered
such aid to the rebellion, has he not just as
good a claim as any other man ? What is the
necessity of requiring that his claim shall not
be paid until a special appropriation for that
purpose has been made by Congress?
Mr. SMITH, of New York. I move to
amend the amendment of the Senate by add-
ing thereto the following:
Provided, however, That the Court of Claims, in
all oases arising under the aet of March 12,1863,
commonly called the captured and abandoned
property act, shall proceed and report as provided
in section seven, of .the act of February 24,1865,
entitled "An act to establish a court for the investi-
gation of claims against the United States," and in
no such case shall render final judgment.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I make a point
of order upon that amendment.
Mr. SMITH, of New York. Upon that
point of order I desire to say 
Mr. PERCE. I object to debate.
Mr. SMITH, of New York. My amend-
ment proposes merely a limitation on the
appropriation. .
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the
point of order. This amendment is germane to
the amendment of the Senate. The Senate
amendment provides that certain judgments of
the courts shall be rendered in a certain way;
this amendment proposes to change that form.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. But it changes
existing law.
The CHAIRMAN. The original amend-
ment changes existing law; and anything ger-
mane to that amendment is in order, notwith-
standing the fact that it proposes to change
existing law.
Mr. SMITH, of New York. I desire the
House to understand that when this bill
was before us some weeks ago the ground of the
opposition of the distinguished gentlemen from
Ohio [Mr. Siibllabarger and Mr. Bingham]
to the amendment I then offered was that it
proposed to interfere with the judgment of the
Court of Claims, and it was distinctly stated
that if it were proposed to return to the rule
adopted in the act of 1855, and require the
Court of Claims to make reports to Congress,
the objection would be obviated. I am now
authorized to say that I have submitted this
amendment to the distinguished gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Shellabarger] and that it
meets his approbation.
Mr. SHEJLLABARGER. The gentleman
will permit me to say that without expressing
any opinion as to the propriety of the amend-
ment as a question of policy, I think it does
remove the constitutional difficulty.
Mr. SMITH, of New York. Then the ques-
tion recurs, if this proposed amendment is not
liable to any constitutional objection, ought
we not to adopt it? Mr. Chairman, I hold in
my hand a circular which has been issued by
the ''cotton ring" for the purpose of defeat-
ing in the House this Morrill amendment.
The law as laid down in this circular is pre-
cisely the law as laid down by the gentleman
from Tennessee, [Mr. Maynard.] I quote
the words of the circular:
"Tho pardon having obliterated and spread a
complete oblivion over tho offonsc, tho United
States is estopped to allege or prove its existence;
and this estoppel"—
Now I ask the attention of gentlemen on
this and on the other side of the House to this
language—
" and this estoppel is conclusive on all depart-
ments of the tiovernment."
Now, sir, if the doctrine as asserted by the
gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Maynard]
and as asserted by this circular is to be recog-
nized by this House, I desire some gentleman
to tell me what is to protect the Treasury
from judgments by the commissioners of
claims in favor of disloyal claimants from the
South? He gave the law as asserted by the
majority of the Supreme Court, and 1 say to
the gentleman this: if the Supreme Court is
to be allowed to control the political policy of
this Government, then he knows, and he will
admit, and he did admit in his answer to ray
question substantially, that the commissioners
of claims were bound by this decision to
make no distinction between loyal and dis-
loyal claimants.
More than that, if the doctrine as avowed
by the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. May-
nard] is correct, not only the commissioners
of claims, but the Secretary of the Treasury
and the Commissary General, and every
officer of the Government, is bound to make
no distinction between loyal and disloyal
claimants.
Mr. PERCE. Let me ask the gentleman a
question right here, and that is, whether he
proposes now, at this late day, to make a dis-
tinction between southern citizens on the
ground of loyalty or disloyalty ?
Mr. SMITH, of New York. There it is
again, Mr. Chairman, broadly asserted by a
Republican Representative on this floor that
no distinction is to be made between loyal and
disloyal claimants. Will the .Congress of the
United States recognize that as the political
policy of the party ?
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I now ask we
may have a vote.
The committee divided ; and there were—
ayes twenty-five, noes not counted.
So the amendment to the amendment was
disagreed to.
The Senate amendment was then non-con
curred in.
Ninety-first amendment of the Senate:
Under theheading of-Department of Justice strike
out$3,000 and insert $2,500; so it will read, "law
clerk, $2,500."
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The committee
recommend non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
The ninety-second amendment of the Senate,
depending upon the previous amendment, was
ako non-concurred in.
The ninety-third amendment of the Senate:
After these words:
That tho ninth section of an act making 'appro-
priations for the support of the Army, and for other
purpose?, for the year ending June 30,1872, approved
March 3,1871, is hereby repealed.
Insert the following:
And the Secretary of the Treasury is directed to
withhold all payments to any railroad company and
its assigns, on account of freight or transportation
over their respective roads of any kind, to 'the
amount of paymonts made by-the United States for
interest upon bonds of the United States issaed to
any such company, and which shall not have been
reimbursed, together with the five per cent, of net
earnings due and unapplied, as provided by law.
And any such company may bring suit, in the Court,
of Claims to recover tho price of such freight and
transportation, and in such suit the right of such
company to recover the same upon the law and the
facts of tho case shall be determined, and also tho
rights of the United States upon the merits of all
tho points presented by it in answer thereto by them;
and either party to such suit may appeal to the
Supreme Court; and both said courts shall give suoh
cause or causes precedence of all other business.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The committee
recommend concurrence in that amendment
with an amendment, as follows.
The Clerk read as follows :
Skrike out all of said Senate amendment, and sub-
stitute the following:
And the Secretary of the Treasury is directed to
"withhold all payments to any railroad company and
its assigns, on account of freight or transportation
over their respective roads of any kind, to tho
amount of payments made bv the United States for
interest upon bonds of the United States issued to
any such company, and which shall not have been
reimbursed; and any such company may bring suit
in tho Court of Claims toiccover so much of the price
ot'suchl'reight and transportation as shall have been
wituhetd; and insuchsuittheiightof suchcompanv
to recover the wimenpon the law and tho facts of the
ease shall bo determined, and also the rights of the
United States upon the merits of all the points pre-
sented by it in answer thereto by them; and the
jurisdiction aud powerof said court in any such smt
MLuiti bo the sa.uie as in other actions therein : and its
judgment therein, and a transcript thereof, shall
have the same force and effect as in other cases of
claims against the Government in said court; and
