952
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 29,
And at this session of Congress the committee
took the case up as soon as theypossibly could
reach it. The chairman of the Committee of
Elections, as I have said, was absent in Louis-
iana when those transactions took place.
Mr. ELDRRDGE. I have no knowledge
of the peculiar circumstances of this case, and
desire to cast no reflection on any member of
the committee or the committee itself. But it
did seem to me that there should be some way
in which a contestant, shown to be entitled to
a seat in this House, should be admitted to it
at an earlier period. I have no doubt the gen-
tleman's statement of the facts is correct. This
case is peculiar in that regard.
Mr. POTTER. I am glad to hear the ex-
planation made by the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Hoar,] both on account of the
committee, for whom I entertain the highest
respect, and because the evil to which the gen-
tleman from Wisconsin has called attention is
in this case, as in many cases before in preced-
ing Congresses, a very serious one. But as the
gentleman from Wisconsin has alluded to the
Committee of Elections, I wish to say that
during the early part of this Congress I served
for a few months on that committee. Subse-
quently, at my own request, I was relieved
from its duties, and its composition was partly
changed at that time. But it then contained a
number of the same members, under the chair-
manship of the gentleman from Iowa, [Mr.
McCraby,] who still continues the chairman
of the committee. I think it due to fairness
to say that during the time I was upon the
committee its action was in all regards com-
mendable, aud I have the very highest impres-
sion of the fairness of the gentleman from
Iowa and of my colleagues on that committee.
Its action while 1 was there was always con-
siderate, judicial, and creditable. It contrasted
most favorably with the action of the Com-
mittee of Elections, of which I was ashort time
a member, in the preceding Congress. And I
am glad to take this opportunity of making
my acknowledgments to the Speaker of the
House on behalf of this side of I he House of
the fairness witli which 011 the whole the Com-
mittee of Elections was constituted.
Mr. McCRARY. I yield now to my col-
league on the committee, the gentleman from
Kentucky, [Mr. Arthur. J
Mr. ARTHUR. As the report of the com-
mittee was unanimous, 1 do not desire to detain
the House by any comments which I might
desire to make on the features of this case. I
therefore ask leave to have printed in the
Globe some remarks which 1 have prepared on
the case.
There was no objection, and it was so
ordered. [.See Appendtx.]
Mr. McCIlAIiY. I ask now to have a vote
on the resolutions reported by the committee.
The resolutions were adopted.
Mr. McCUARY moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolutions were adopted ;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. Silas L. Kjblack then appeared and
took the modified oath prescribed by the act
of July 11, 1868.
rkcusant witness.
Mr. WILSON, of Indiana. I rise to a ques-
tion of privilege. I am directed by ihe select
committed charged with the investigation of
the affairs of the Union Pacific railroad and
the Credit Mobilier to make a report to the
House, which I ask to have read.
The Clerk read as follows:
The committee who, hy the resolution of the
House of J diiuary 6,1873, and January 9, 1873, were
directed to inquire into certain matter* connected
with the Union Pacific liailroad Company and
Credit MobiJier, with authority to send for persons
and papers, report that they have made progress in
executing the order of the House, and have sent
for divers persons witnesses: that evidence has
been produced betoresaid committee tending to show
that just before the passage of the act of ISOi, en-
titled ''An act to amend an act to aid in the con-
struction of a railroad and telegraph line from the
Missouri river to the Pacific ocean," &c., sums of
money and a quantity of bonds issued by the Union
Pacific Railroad Company, both being its property,
were brought to Washington by T. C. Durant, then
vice president of said corporation, and placed in the
hands of one Joseph B. Stewart, and by him in some
way disposed of. Thereafter the said Joseph B.
Stewart was called and duly sworn as a witness, and
testified in substance as follows: that said bonds, to
an amount from $100,000 to $150,000, were received
by him of said Durant, and that $30,000 had been
paid him by said Durant as his own fees; that he
did not pay over any of said bonds or their proceeds
to any member of Congress or person connected
with the Executivo department of the Government,
and that he acted in such transaction partly for
said railroad, partly for clients of his own, and partly
as arbitrator between the said Union Pacific rail-
road and such other persons, and gave over the
said bonds to such other persons. Therefore, the
following questions were propounded to Mr. Stewart
by direction of the committee :
Joseph B. Stewart recalled:
By the Chairman :
" Question. In your former answers in thisexarain-
ation you stated to the committee that Mr. Durant
and Mr. Hallett together paid you a very large
amount, to exceeding $250,000 in bonds, and also that
excocding $250,000 in bonds passed through your
hands, andthat otthatamountonehundred thousand
to one hundred and fifty thousand dollars was in bonds
of the Union Pacific railroad, and that you received
those bonds in the latter part of June, 1864. Now
state to the committee, as far as you can recollect,
the names of all persons to whom you delivered or
paid out those bonds of the Union Pacific railroad,
or any part thereof, or the proceeds thereof.
"Answer* The word " paid," in the sense used
there, has no proper place.
"Question. That is the only criticism you make on
it—is it?
"Answer. Yes.
** Question, You stated in your former examination
that of that amount you paid out from one hundred
thousand to one hundred and fifty thousand dollars
in^bonds of the Union Pacific Railroad Company ?
"Answer. To the best of my recollection something
exceeding $100,000.
" Question. Now I ask you to state to the commit-
tee. as far as you recollect, the names of all persons
to whom you delivered or paid out those bonds of
the Union Pacific railroad, or any partthereof, or the
proceeds thereof.
"Answer. Giving my answer finally on this sub-
ject—that not one dollar was paid to any member of
the Government—X do not speak of my dealings with
my clients.
" Question. Do you refuse to state to whom you
delivered those bonds of tho Union Pacilie l.iilroad,
or any part of thom, or tho proceeds thereof?
"Ainswcr. I have repeatedly stated, and I again
say, that! will make no statement to thecommiitee
about tho business ot my clients.
"QucHtion. Do you refuse to state to tho committee
to whom you delivered these bonds, or any part of
them V
"Answers I refuse, to this committee and to the
audience, to speak of tho business of my clients; and
1 know how tar tho question is the business of my
clients
"The Chairman. I will give you another oppor-
tunny to answer tho question.
"Tho Witness. You need not give me any oppor-
tunity to answer that question again.
Question. Do you refuse to answer it?
"Answer. 1 have answered the question as I mean
to answer it.
"Mr. I[oAit. I move that the witness be informed
by tho chairman that, m the opinion of the com-
mittee, a disclosure of the names ol' tho persons to
whom ho delivered money or bonds is not protected
by the legal privilege existing between counsci and
client.
" Tho motion was agreed to.
"The chairman informed tho witness that the
committee had had tho matter under consideration,
and had examined the question; and that it was the
opinion of tho committer that the witness had no
right to refuse to answer the question, on the ground
ut privileged cominunic it ion, or tor any other reason.
" The, Wiris t:ss. In my examination heietofore 1
stated that i 'ie duties dihcnarged by me as counsel,
as trustee, as negotiator, and as umpire, involve a
great many parties." * * Y * "Their
l confidence is my rulo and my guide, their rights are
my rights." A '•
"Question. How much money did Mr. Ilay bring
to you trom Mr. Dm ant in Now Yoik ?
Sivt> uionsand dollars,"
"Question. Was Mr. ihirant acting in behalf of the
Union Pacilic Railroad Company at that time?
"Aii-,i'K'r. At that time, 18tU and l&jo, Mr. Durant,
to mv certain knowledge, was carr>mg on the Union
Pacific railrord pretty much on his own resources.
"Qua?ion. He was the managing1 man of the Union
Pacific Railroad Company at that tune?
"Answer. Yes.*' * r t- + *
"QutiHoii. To whom did you pay that $6'J,000 ?
"Answer. I paid it, or cau£cd it to bo paid, to those
of my clients and my ccstuv que trusts who were enti-
tled to it; and thoy wore not memocrs of Congress
or Senators or Government officials.
'^Question, Give^the names to the committee.
"Answer. 1 decline to give any names with relation
to my transactions with my ciioaU."
* X -S * * -* .& ■ « # *
Question. Did you ever receive any money or
bonds from Mr. Durant at any other time than as
you have stated?
"Answer. With the exception of one matter, about
which I wish to make a correction in my former tes-
timony. I stated that Mr. Huntington paid me
$10,000. I find that he paid me but $2,000, and that
Mr. Durant paid me the other $8,000. I find this by
a memorandum which I came across accidentally
sometime ago.
" Question. Where is that memorandum ?
"Anstoer. It is in my possession.
"Question. Is it in this city?
"Answer. It is in this city at this time."
"Question. Will you produce that memorandum?
"Answer, I refuso to produce the memora-ndum."
*** *
"Question. Did you deliver any of theso bonds to
newspaper correspondents?
"Answer, That is repeating the question which I
declined to answer; but for the credit of those gen-
tlemen I will say that I did not.
" Question. Did you deliver any of them to news-
paper proprietors ?
14 Answer. I decline to answer.
44 Mr. Shellabarger, (to witness.) You may not
have observed earelully the part of the resolution
under which the committee is acting, which requires
the committee to investigate the interests of tho
Governmentin the proper and legal disposition of
the assets of the road, and in so far as that branch
of our resolution is concerned it has no special rela-
tion to influences brought to bear on members of
Congress. Now, it may not be amiss to state to you
that one object of these inquiries is to ascertain and
report to the House on the matter of the just and
legal disposal of the assets affecting the solvency of
the corporation; and it is partly in that view that
the committee desires, in obedience to the order of
the House, to get information as to what was done
with those assets. In that view I trust that you
will see that tho committee is notdesiringanything
else than faithfully to discharge its duties to the
House. "Wo therefore desire to find out what dispo-
sition has been made of assets, which it is the con-
cern of the Government to know, whether or not
they have been used according to law.
44 Ttie witness still declined to answer."
The committee are of opinion and report that it
is necessary for the efficient prosecution of the in-
quiry ordered by the House that said questions
should bo answered, and that there is no sufficient
reason why the witness should not answer the same,
andthat his refusal is in contempt of this House.
The committee recommend the adoption of the ac-
companying order.
J. M. "WILSON,
SAMUEL SHELLABARGER,
GEORGiS F. HOAR,
THOMAS SWANN,
H. W. SLOCUM.
Ordered, That the Speaker do issue his warrant,
directed to the Sergeant-at-Arms attending this
House, or his deputy, commanding him to take into
custody, wherever to be found, the body of Joseph
I>. Stewart, and the same in his custody to keep,
subject to tho further order and direction of this
House.
Mr. WILSON, of Indiana. Mr. Speaker,
the report of the committee puts the House
pretty fully in possession of the facts of this
case; and I will therefore move the previous
question upon the adoption of the order that
has been reported by the committee.
Air. MAYNARD. Before the gentleman
calls the previous question, I would be glad if
he would give his view upon one aspect of this
case. I understand, trom the reading of the
tesiimouy, that this witness is an attorney of
other parties; and he objects to answering ou
the ground that by doing so he would violate
his duties as such counsel. Now the rule of
law as 1 understand turns upon this question ;
could the principal, if he w^re present as a
witness before the committee, be compelled
to respond touching these matters of inquirv?
If he could, then his counsel maybe; if he
could not, then his counsel may not be. That
I understand to be the rule of law; but the
gentleman trom Indiana, having had the whole
question before him, and his mind being
doubtless full of it, I would like to hear his
view of the question, which is somewhat new
to me.
Mr. WILSON, of Indiana. I will answer
the question put by the gentleman from Ten-
nessee by sending to the Clerk's desk, to be
read, section two hundred and forty-five of
Geeenteaf on Evidence, volume one.
Tiie Clerk read as follows:
" Seo. 245. Thus the attorney may be compelled
to disclose the name of the person by whom he was
retained, m order to let in the confessions of the
real party in interest; the character in which his
client employed him, whether that of executor or
trustee, or on his private account; the time wl.cn
an instrument was put into his hands, but not iu
