954
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 29,
put my support of the resolution offered by the
gentleman from Indiana, not upon the ground
that this witness is not the attorney or coun-
sel for the parties whom he claims to have rep-
resented, nor upon the ground that he was
not acting in a fiduciary capacity. I agree, as
has been suggested by the gentleman from
Illinois, [Mr. Farnsworth,] that the policy of
the law is to extend this protection not only to
counsel and attorneys, but to all persons acting
in similar fiduciary relations. But it seems to
me that the reason of the rule affords to this
witness, be he never so much counsel, in re-
spect of the matter inquired about, be it never
so much confidential, no protection in this in-
vestigation whatever. What is the reason of
the rule which makes communications between
counsel and client confidential? The general
rule of public policy ; that it would, on the
whole, produce more mischief and inconven-
ience, if men in those fiduciary relations were
permitted to disclose what was thus confiden-
tially communicated to them than to forbid
their disclosing it.
But that rule of public policy can have no
application, it seems to me, when the Gov-
ernment itself comes, in the exercise of the
highest public policy, to inquire into corrupt
practices by their own officers in regard of the
legislation of the Government itself. It can-
not, it seems to me, be said that in respect of
such an inquiry, that public policy can require
that men's mouths should be kept shut. If
any former member of Congress should come
here and say that the knowledge this witness has
was derived from such member's confidential
disclosures, and that this witness should there-
fore not reveal his confidence, it will then be
time enough to consider that question; but
until then it seems to me there is no public
policy which can shield a man from examina-
tion because he was counsel in a matter like
this.
The other objection suggested by the gentle-
man from Tennessee, [Mr. Mayr-ahd,] that
no man can be required to criminate himself,
is of more force. But this witness has not
pretended himself that he would be criminated
by answering the questions propounded by the
committee. I therefore hold that the House
has a right to bring the witness to its bar, and
require him, in such manner as il should see
fit, unless he can show cause to the contrary,
to make answer to the inquiries of the com-
mittee.
Mr. ELD HEDGE. I suggest to the gentle-
man from New York that we have a statute
which provides that a party shall not be held
responsible on account of any testimony he
may give under such circumstances.
Mr. POIIER. That statute has just been
read by the gentleman from Ohio; but the gen-
tleman from Tennessee objects that it is not
broad enough to meet the constitutional diffi-
culty he suggests. But, even if it be not broad
enough, since the witness does not claim that
he will be criminated by answering the ques-
tion of the committee, it is not necessary to
rest our action on that statute.
Mr. ELDREDGE. I believe that it is broad
enough, and that it certainly covers this case.
Mr. ^WILSON, of Indiana. I yield now for
five minutes to the gentleman from Illinois,
[Mr. Farnsworth.]
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The only anxiety I
have m this matter, Mr. Speaker, is that we
shall not do what we ought not to do, that wc
shall not go too far, and violate law and policy.
1 he law as to the relations of attorney and
client extends, as the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Potter] has said—-extends to men
who act in a fiduciary capacity, or as agents,
interpreters, or arbitrators. It is not neces-
sary that the man shall be a member of the
bar or a counsel acting in a suit pending in
court. Greenleaf says:
i ''Whether he be called as a witness,or made a.
defendant, and a discovery sought from him as such
by a bill in chancery, whatever he has learned as
counsel, solicitor, or attorney, he is not obliged nor
permitted to disclose."
I read also the syllabus of a case decided
by Lord Ellenborough. It is as follows :
"Where an attorney has come to the knowledge
of a deed or instrument having been destroyed, from
the circumstance of his being employed as an attor-
ney he cannot be asked as to the fact the knowledge
of which was so obtained."
I understand, then, that under this decision,
after a lawyer is employed, whatever inform-
ation he may become possessed of by reasons
of his relations to his client, he cannot be in-
terrogated about it.
Mr. HOAR here asked a question which
was inaudible at the reporter's desk.
_Mr. FARNSWORTH. I am not familiar
with the facts, but I understand, from the
reading of the questions and answers of the
witness by the Clerk, that in all these cases he
was attorney, or agent, or arbitrator: and if he
was an arbitrator I have authority here, show-
ing that an arbitrator cannot be called upon to
disclose facts which come to his knowledge in
the course of the arbitration. He is the agent
of both parties.
Mr. POTTER. Will my friend allow me
one moment? I have great respect for his
sense of justice and his capacity, but it seems
to me that he confounds the privilege of the
client with the privilege of the attorney.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Iain aware that the
rule is laid down that the privilege is the priv-
ilege of the client rather than of theattorney,
but you cannot require the attorney to make
disclosures until he has the consent of the
client. I know this House of Representatives
is not a very good supreme court to decide
questions of this sort; I would rather trust a
justice of the peace in a backwoods town, or
a respectable town meetiug, to settle questions
of law than I would trust th is House, especially
when we arc excited and in pursuit of some-
body.
The House of Representatives frequently
runs a great way in a short time. The only
danger is that in the excitement of our pur-
suit after somebody and some t hings, we shall go
where we shall regret ever after that we did go.
This is a very important question. I am not
certain whe ther 1 am right about it or not; but
1 think it is too important a question to be
determined upon a call of the previous ques-
tion and a five-minutes debate, upon a reso-
lution to arrest and imprison a man for not
answering a question. At least it would be so
regarded in our country.
Mr. SPEEli. What does the gentleman
propose to have done ?
Mr. WILSON, of Indiana. I now yield to
the gentleman from Vermont [Mr. Poland]
for live minutes.
Mr. POLAND. I do not think I shall want
the half of that time.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will please
suspend until order is restored in the House.
[Alter a pause.] There is too much conversa-
tion in the Hall. The gentleman from Ver-
mont will please resume his seat until the
Chair indicates that the Douse is in order for
him to proceed. [After another pause.] The
gentleman from Vermont will now proceed.
Mr. POLAND. I would not have sought
the floor for the short time I desire to occupy
it had I supposed so much time would be
wasted in getting it.
It has been suggested that this man might
be excused from answering the questions that
were put to him upon the ground that his
answers might criminate himself. It is quite
a sufficient reply to that to say that the wit-
ness does not ask to be excused upon any
such grounds. When he does it will be quite
time to consider that subject.
He claims to be excused from answering
these questions upon the ground that in so
doing he would disclose some fact that was
given to him by his client. Is that a sound
proposition 1 This privilege of a client to con-
sult counsel and to lay his whole case before
him, to state all the facts in reference to it,
his privilege that his counsel shall not reveal
what he thus states to him, is founded in very
sound philosophy. The law is so abstruse and
wide a subject that it, is not supposed that any
except a certain class of men, who have be-
come learned in it by study, will know what is
the proper course for a man to take, or what
advice to give him. He cannot get the advice
of sueh a man without laying his whole case
before him and stating all the facts to him.
If he could do that only at the peril of having
the counsel called as a witness against him, and
compelled to disclose his whole case, then this
privilege of having learned counsel to advise
him would be of very little value. Therefore
the law has wisely provided that a man may
go to his counsel; and I understand that to be
confined not, as the gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Farnsworth] has said, to everybody who
may stand in a fiduciary relation to another
man, but it is confined strictly to counselors
or men who follow the law as a profession.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I read from the au-
thority of Mr. Greenleaf, which also gives
agents and interpreters.
Mr. POLAND. The gentleman's statement
was not borne out at all liy Mr. Greenleaf.
Mr. Greenleaf' says in regard to an interpreter
that where a lawyer does not understand the
language which the client speaks, then there
may be employed an interpreter to communi-
cate to him ; he is an organ of communication
between the two. And the law says that an
interpreter in that case stands in the same
relation as the counsel. But it does not ex-
tend to others. Thousands of cases can be
found where it is held that it is confined to the
learned profession.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. What the gentle-
man states as to the interpreter is true, for he
is the organ of communication between the
one and the other. But an agent is not neces-
sarily an organ.
Mr. POLAND. Merely because a man
stands in a fiduciary relation, acting as an
agent for another in a negotiation, he is not
thus privileged at all. I think the gentleman
will seek in vain to find any adjudicated case
that settles any such privilege. All the law
writers have classed this privilege among the
class of privileged communications, and it is
all based upon the principle that a lawyer
shall not disclose what his client has commun-
icated to him in this professional secrecy,
under this professional confidence.
What is the case here? Was this man
asked to say what any of his clients have
communicated to him, or to disclose anything
properly a professional secret? No, sir. He
was employed to conduct some negotiation,
to make some trade for somebody, to handle
money between men, to make an arrange-
ment or bargain. That is not professional
duty at all. _ Some other man than a lawyer
might do it just as well, and generally a great
deal better. It involves nothing in the nature
of a professional communication. If some
other man, not a lawyer, had been employed
to do this business and had paid out this
money, will my friend from Illinois claim that
tins business would then have been privileged?
It involves no communication in any sense,
whether to a lawyer or not. This man has
been employed by somebody to transact a
business arrangement, to pay out money, per-
haps between a client and somebody else. It
is perfectly clear, in my judgment, that this
does not^come to all within the category of
privileged communications, and that this man
has properly been required by the committee
to answer.
Mr. WILSON, of Indiana. I now yield five
mmutes to the gentleman from Ohio. ("Mr
Bingham.] ' l *
Mr. BINGHAM. I do not doubtj Mr.
