1914
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28,
road is finished ; would not that be a legisla-
tive declaration that the road is finished, so
that the Secretary of the Interior would be
obliged to give them at once all the lands they
claim, and which he now withholds?
Mr. HALE. I suppose it would so appear
and be held, or at least it would be held as a
legislative interpretation of that vexed ques-
tion, whether or not the Paeific railroad has
been completed.
Mr. BANKS. Not at all; it does not in-
volve that.
Mr. KELLOGG. Allow me to ask the gen-
tleman from Indiana [Mr. Holm an] whether
when the law of 1864 was pending he himself
did not offer an amendment that all the tolls
or pay for transportation should be retained
for the Government, and that was voted down
on the yeas and nays ?
Mr. HOLM AN. Oh, yes; and the mob
reigned at that time, as it has done before and
since.
Mr. HALE. All I wish to say in closing is
that the Committee on Appropriations are not
prepared to bear harshly upon the Paeific
railroad. It has endeavored to keep itself
keenly in regard of the interests of the Gov
eminent. It is believed that the provision as
reported from the committee will most speedily
bring all those vexed questions to an issue,
and the committee believe that in the end that
provision will be seen to be not only better
for the Government, for the people, but largely
better for the corporation itself. It is better
for that road, in view of the questions that
have been raised, in view of all the prejudice
that has been excited, whether just or unjust,
in one quarter or another, that there should
be an "end to this controversy, that theyshould
get a court to fix and determine it, and have
all their rights settled so that hereafter they
may move on harmoniously with the Govern-
ment, and not at all times be subject to panic
and flurry here and elsewhere. That is what
the committee seek; that is what the amend-
ment as reported here is designed to attain,
good for the Government and good lor the
road also.
Mr. BANKS. There are two provisions in
this amendment of the Senate. The first is,
that " the Secretary of the Treasury is directed
to withhold all payments to any railroad com-
pany and its assigns, on account of freight or
transportation over their respective roads of
any kind, to the amount of payments made by
the United States for interest upon bonds of
the United Slates issued to any such company,
and which shall not have been reimbursed,
together with the live per cent, of net earn-
ings due and unapplied, as provided by law,"
and the House agrees to that portion of the
amendment.
The second proposition is, that the require-
ment in regard to live per cent, of net earn-
ings, due and unapplied, as provided by law,
shall not be enforced. Now I do not see why
that part of this section should be voted out.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The attorneys
of the Government, the gentlemen who have
been authorized to prosecute the suit against
these companies, requested the Committee on
Appropriations to keep out that five per cent,
clause, for the reason that it would greatly
embarrass the suit touching the interest ques-
tion and the payment of transportation. They
said that if that clause were inserted they
would be compelled to go into a long investi
gation to ascertain what the net earnings of
the road had been from the beginning, which
would be exceedingly difficult, requiring a great
many legal processes to make discovery of
the facts, and that they could at any time open
that question separately in any court of the
United States without embarrassing the other
question. Hence at the request of Mr. Perry
and Mr. Ashton, the attorneys whom the Pres-
ident has selected, the committee left out this
clause. The investigating committee of which
the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Wilson] is
chairman,commonly called the "Credit Mobi-
lier Committee No. 2," has also recommended
that this provision be omitted for the sake of
facilitating the suit against these companies.
Mr. RANDALL. Mr. Speaker, let us look
at the history of this question. In the first
place the House repealed the ninth section of
the Army appropriation act. The question
going to the Senate, that body has adopted the
provision now under consideration. These
companies do not find fault with this provision,
even with the five per cent, clause included,
as is shown by the following letter from Mr.
Huntington, vice president of the Central Pa-
cific railroad, stating that the company which
he represents is entirely willing to accept the
amendment of the Senate:
washington, January 27,1873.
Sir: I have read with interest your amendment,
now ponding in the Senate, to the legislative and
executive appropriation bill, and a portion of the
discussion wfiich has taken place thereon. Speak-
ing for the Central Pacific Company, I wish to say
that 1 infer that the position of that company in
this matter is not precisely u nderstood. We entered
into our contract with the Government upon that
construction of thestatutos relating to freight and
postal service which was acted upon by the Govern-
ment for several years, which has been approved by
your committee, and which has received tho sanc-
tion of Congress every time that body has considered
the subject. We have besides consulted the best
lawyers in the country, whose opinions unanimously
support tho construction of Congress. We have in
good faith always believed this construction tho
legal one. Had any other been deemed possible,
wo should never have entered into the contract.
But, sir, while thusclaiming to bo in the right, this
company has never sought to avoid, it has always
been ready, to promote a legal adjudication of every
question between it and tho Government. So iar
from opposing such a decision, it desires to liavo it. It
especially wishes to avoid theconstant recurrence of
a discussion in Congress which settles nothing. We
have devoted our fortunes and the best years of our
lives to a groat public enterprise. Ourselves with the
Government are still interested in its success, and
whatever may be the purpose of those who are inim-
ical to us without just cause, we confidently expect
that Congress will decline to legislate to tho injury
of thesecompanies and the peril of tho interests of
tbo Government, in them.
Your amendment is not obnoxious to this criti-
cism. It may bo susceptible of some improvement;
it would perhaps be better to remit tho parties to the
regular Ivederal oourts. But if it is your judgment
and that of Congress that the amendment as it
stands will best, secure a final settlement of tho mat-
tor, T desire to say in behalf of our company that its
provisions are cordially accepted, and tho company
will unito its best efforts to those of the Government
to havo that settlement early and complete and in
conformity with tho principles of law and justice.
Wo respectfully ask that you will lay this letter
before tho Senate of the United States.
I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,
C. P. HUNTINGTON,
Vice President Centra/ Pacific Railroad Company.
Hon. George F. Edmunds.
Chairman Judiciary Committee.
It thus appearing that this company makes
no objection to that amendment, I fear to
leave any room for doubt or any discretion to
a committee of conference. While I might
have entire confidence in the gentlemen who
shall be upon that committee, 1 think the safe
course for us to pursue is to concur in the
Senate amendment. A gentleman suggests to
me that the Union Pacific Railroad Company
does not assent to the amendment. But, sir,
when so astute a lawyer and able defender of
the interests of the Government as Senator
Edmurds assures us that this amendment em-
braces everything necessary for the protection
of the Government, 1 as a layman am willing
to submit my judgment to his knowledge of
the law. If 1 felt confident, (and I make this
statement with a full consciousness of what I
am saying,) it I felt sure that iu the confer-
ence committee which must ultimately be ap-
pointed upon this bill, nothing would be left
in doubt  
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I hope the gen-
tleman does not mean to intimate that the
conference committee which shall be appointed
would not be true to the House.
Mr. RANDALL. I do not mean to say
that they would intentionally do anything to
defeat the will of the House. But, sir, the
honest- convictions of three men are not so
good as the honest convictions of two hundred
and forty-one men.
Mr. BANKS. And the gentleman from
Pennsylvania (Mr. Randall] will permit me
to say, that the objection to conference reports
is. that in acting upon them we do not know
what they are. When we read the New York
papers afterward we know what we have voted
for, but not till then.
Mr. RANDALL. That is true. Hence, I
say the safe course for the House to pursue on
this subject is to concur in the amendment of
the Senate, and thus clinch this matter here
and now when we can meet the matter face
to face, when we can read every word of the
provision we adopt rather than submit this
question to a midnight conference of six men.
Mr. SARGENT. I hope the suggestion of
the gentleman from Pennsylvania will prevail.
The Government counsel came before the
committee and stated that for the efficiency of
the suit against the companies the modifica-
tions now proposed by the Committee on Ap-
propriations were necessary to be engrafted
on the Senate amendment. I look upon that
amendment, and indeed this whole proceeding,
as an attempt to violate the obligations of a
contract at the dictation of a mob or of stock
speculators. Believing this to be the effect of
the proposition, and, so far as outsiders are
concerned, its motive, I want this proceeding
to be embarrassed; and for that reason alone
I voted in the Committee on Appropriations
against these modifications.
I know they cannot consider this fully if
you stick it in as in the Senate amendment. I
know it for the reasons given by the commit-
tee, and I know it by my -own consciousness,
and by all I have of legal knowledge; but
when the Congress of the United States de-
liberately goes back upon a solemn contract it
made in 1864, and would violate the national
faith by so doing, I wish to throw every im-
pediment in the way of the consummation of
that act, and therefore I was not in favor of
yield! g to the solicitation of the Government
counsel that this way might be made smooth
to them to commit a great wrong. In the same
spirit I say to the gentleman, if he will not
take the word of the committee that the Gov-
ernment counsel recomended this, acknowl-
edging that he is not himself a lawyer, I wish
to act on that, and annihilate it right here if I
can.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Now let us
have a vote.
Mr. HOLMAN. I desire to offer an amend-
ment to this Senate amendment. I propose
to strike out all after line thirteen in the ori-
ginal amendment.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I make the
point of order that no further amendment is
in order, as we have now pending an amend-
ment to an amendment. I hope we will come
to a vote on the pending proposition.
Mr. HOLMAN. I have an amendment to
offer which I claim is in order. The amend-
ment of the Senate is the original text, and
there is only one amendment pending, which
is to that original text. I now propose to
amend the amendment, and that, I take it, is
in order.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman will
state his amendment.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to amend by strik-
ing out the following:
And any such company may bring suit in the
Court of Claims to recover the price of such freight
and transportation, and in suehsuit the right of such
company to recover the same upon the law and tho
facts of the ease shall be determined, and also the
rights of the United States upon the merits of al I the
points presented by it in answer thereto by them ;
and either party to such suit may appeal to the
Supreme Court; and bothsaid courts shall give such
cause or causes precedence of all other business.
Mr. Chairman, it will be seen I strike out
all that part of the amendment of the Senate
