1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
957
Mr. WILSON, of Indiana, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the resolution was
adopted ; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
merchants' national bank.
Mr. LYNCH. I ask unanimous consent to
submit the following resolution :
Resolved, That the evidence taken in the investi-
gation of the failure of the Merchants' National
Bank of Washington, District of Columbia, by the
Committee on Banking and Currency in the Thirty-
ninth Congress, be withdrawn from the files of the
House and placed in the hands of the Credit Mobilier
Investigating Committee, of which Mr. "Wilson, of
Indiana, is chairman, and after being used by said
committee, be printed for the use of the House.
In explanation of the pertinency of this res-
olution, I will say that before the committee
of which the gentleman from Indiana is chair-
man it has been testified that some of these
bonds, to the amount I think of $80,000, were
deposited by this same witness in the Mer-
chants' National Bank; and if the committee
have that testimony before them, I think they
will be able to judge somewhat as to the dis-
position of a part of these bonds.
There being no objection, the resolution was
considered and agreed to.
Mr. LYNCH moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
enrolled bill signed.
Mr. BUCKLEY, from the Committee on
Enrolled Bills, reported that the committee
had examined and found truly enrolled a bill
ot the following title; when the Speaker signed
the same:
An act (H. R. No. 2982) to abolish the
franking privilege.
indian appropriation bill.
The SPEAKER announced the appoint-
ment of Mr. Sargent, Mr. Shanks, and Mr.
Marshall as the conferees on the part of the
House upon the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses on the bill (H. R. No. 2989) making
appropriations for the current and contingent
expenses of the Indian department, and for
fulfilling treaty stipulations with varions In-
dian tribes for the year ending June 30, 1874,
and for other purposes.
And then, on motion of Mr. McGREW, (at
four o'clock and fifteen minutes p. m.,) the
House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. COBURN: A memorial on behalf
of William A. W. Daly, asking for his muster
back and pay. , ,
By Mr. COX: The memorial and papers ot
William H. DeGroot, praying the passage of
a resolution directing the Secretary of the
Treasury to pay an award, with interest, ice.
Also, the petition of importing merchants
of New York city, in reference to liquor im-
portations, &e.
Also, the petition of Charles S. Lilly, 5s to
pension, &c. . . - ,T . ,
By Mr. GETZ: The petition of J. L. Stich-
ter, John Keppelman, D. Young Jones, Thomas
P. Scofield and others, merchants and manu-
facturers of the city of Reading, Pennsylvania,
for the repeal of all unnecessary restrictions
and limitations upon our national banking
8" By™ir. HARPER: The petition of Char-
lotte May, praying to be indemnified tor spo-
liations committed by the French prior to the
year 1801. . . ^ tt r*
By Mr. HIBBARD : The petition of H. G.
O. Ciuy and 13 others, diuggists, perfumers,
and manufacturers of proprietary medicines,
praying a repeal of stamp duties imposed y
schedule C.
By Mr. KELLOGG: The petition of the
First and Second National, the Merchants'.
New Haven County, Yale, and other national
banks of New Haven, Connecticut, for the
repeal of tax on bank shares.
By Mr. LANSING: The petition of the
Board of Trade of the city of Oswego, New
York, for an increased appropriation for the
construction of the harbor at that port.
By Mr. McKINNEY: The petitions of A.
Gebhart and 82 others, citizens of Montgomery
county, Ohio; of Henry Flesh and 267 others,
citizens of Miami county, Ohio; of John A.
Patton and 312 others, citizens of Shelby
county, Ohio; of John A. Price, of Logan
county, Ohio; of W. T. Cessna and 18 others,
of Hardin county, Ohio; of John W. Irvin
and 81 others, of Butler county, Ohio, asking
the improvement of the Toledo (Ohio) harbor.
By Mr. MONROE: The petition of Charles
W. Eliot, president of Harvard University, and
others, asking an appropriation for the pur-
chase of documeuts relating to early French
discoveries on the lakes and the Mississippi.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, January 30, 1873.
Prayer by Rev. J. W. Parker, of Washing-
ton, District of Columbia.
The Journal of yesterday's proceedings was
read and approved.
unrolled bills signed.
TheVICEPRESIDENTsigned the enrolled
bill (H. R. No. 2982) to abolish the franking
privilege; which had previously received the
signature of the Speaker of the House of Rep-
resentatives.
committee service.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair, under
the authority of the Senate, appoints to fill the
vacancy on the select Committee on the Levees
of the Mississippi River, occasioned by the
resignation of the Senator from Louisiana,
Mr. Kellogg, the Senator from Louisiana, Mr.
West.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. HILL presented the petition of Nancy
Ledford, of North Carolina, widow of David
Ledford, praying to be allowed a pension;
which was referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions.
Mr. CAMERON presented a petition of
citizens of Pittsburg, Pennsylvania, signed by
a large number of honorably discharged sol-
diers, praying for the passage of the bill en-
titled " An act to enable honorably discharged
soldiers and sailors, their widows and orphan
children, to acquire homesteads on the public
lands of the United Stateswhich was referred
to the Committee on Public Lands.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
Lancaster, Pennsylvania, soldiers in the late
war, praying for the passage of the bounty
land bill: which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Public Lands. .
He also presented a petition of citizens oi
Berks county, Pennsylvania, late soldiers in
the Army, praying the passage of the bill
granting bounty and land warrants to all
honorably discharged soldiers, sailors, and
marines of the late war for the Union ; which
was referred to the Committee on Public
He also presented a memorial of the Board
of Trade of the city of Philadelphia, Pennsyl-
vania, asking the passage of a bill authorizing
the establishment of ocean mail steamship
service in American-built iron steamships be-
tween the United States and England; which
was referred to the Committee on Post Ottieea
and Post Roads.
Mr. CHANDLER presented a raemona
signed by merchants and others of Buffalo,
New York, praying for an appropriation of a
sum of money sufficient to open up and im-
prove the west branch or channel of Detroit
river and the head of Lake Erie, in the vicin-
ity of the village of Gibraltar in the State of
Michigan ; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, presented the
petition of P. W. Whitcomb, praying for com-
pensation for services rendered as a clerk of
the first class, while employed as a laborer in
the office of the Auditor of the Treasury for
the Post Office Department, from October 1,
1866 to April 1, 1872; which was referred to
the Committee on Claims.
Mr. COOPER presented the petition of
Nancy Turk, of Tennessee, praying compen-
sation for the value of buildings destroyed at
Knoxville, Tennessee, by the order of Major
General Burnside; which was referred to the
Committee on Claims.
Mr. LOGAN presented resolutions of the
American Association for the Advancement
of Science, in favor of devoting the Chinese
indemnity fund to the uses of education and
science in China ; which were referred to the
Committee on Foreign Relations, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. SPENCER presented papers relating
to the bill (S. No. 1492) for the relief of the
heirs of Henry Fulenwider, deceased, for ser-
vices rendered by him in carrying the United
States mail; which were referred to the Com-
mittee on Claims.
papers withdrawn and referred.
On motion of Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, it
was ,
Ordered, That the papers relating to the Presidio
military reservation be taken from the files of the
Senate and referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
Mr. BOREMaN. I ask to -have an order
entered to withdraw the papers in the case of
Annie Holliday, widow of William H. Holli-
day, deceased, from the files of the Senate,
and that they be recommitted to the Commit-
tee on Pensions, with additional evidence,
which I now present.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That order will
be made.
On motion of Mr. BAYARD, it was
Ordered, That Mrs. Anna Dorsey Beeves havo
Jeave to withdraw her petition and papers from the
files of the Senate.
collection district of southern oregon.
Mr. CORBETT. I am instructed by the
Committee on Commerce, to whom was re-
ferred the bill (S. No. 1483) creating the col-
lection district of southern Oregon, to report,
it back favorably with an amendment; and I
should like to have it put on its passage now,
as my time here is short.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill. It proposes to constitute all
the ports, harbors, bays, rivers, and waters
of the mainland of all that portion of the
State of Oregon lying south and east of the
north bank of the Siuslaw river a collection
district by the name of the southern collection
district of Oregon; and a port of entry is
established for the district at Coos bay, 111
Coos county, of that State; and a collector of
customs is to be appointed by the President
of the United States, by and with the advice
and consent of the Senate, to reside at Empire
City. Ports of delivery are established m the
collection-district at Ellinsburgh, at the mouth
of Rogue river, Port Orford, and at Gardner
on the Umpqua river; and the collector of
customs of the district is authorized to ap-
point, with the approbation of the Secretary
of the Treasury, three deputy collectors, to be
stationed at those ports of delivery. The col-
lector of the district is to be allowed a com-
pensation of $1,000 per annum, with the fees
allowed by law, and a commission on all cus-
toms money collected and accounted tor by
him, such salary, fees, anil commissions not to
exceed the sum of $3,000 per annum; and the
deputy collectors are each to be allowed a
I compensation of $1,000 per annum.
