1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1917
Mr. WILSON, of Indiana. I move the fol-
lowing amendment.
The Clerk read as follows:
* The Attorney General shall cause a suit in equity
to be instituted, in the name of the United States
agamst the Union Pacific Railroad Company, and
agamst all persons "who may, in their own names or
through any agents, have subscribed for'or received
capital stock in said road, which stock has not been
paid tor in full in money, or who may have received,
as dividends or otherwise, portions of the capital
stock ot said road, or the proceeds or avails thereof, or
other property of said road, unlawfully and contrary
to equity, or who may have received as profits or
proceeds of contracts for constru-tion or equipment
of said road or other contracts therewith, moneys or
other property which ought, in equity, to belong to
said railroad corporation, or who may, under pre-
tense of ha ving complied with the acts to which this is
an addition, have wrongfully and unlawfully re-
ceived trom the United States bonds, moneys, or
landswhich ought in equity to be accounted for and
paid to said rail road company or to the United States,
and to compel payment for said stock, and the col-
lection and payment of such moneys, and the restora-
tion of such property, or its value, either to said
railroad corporation or to the United States, which-
ever shall inequity be held entitled thereto. Said
suit may be brought in the circuit court in any cir-
cuit, and all said parties may be made defendants
m one suit. Decrees may be entered and enforced
against any one or more parties defendant without
awaiting the nnal determination of the cause against
other parties, "he court where said cause is pend-
ing may make such orders and decrees and issue
such process as it shall deem necessary to bring" in
new parties or the representatives of parties de-
ceased. or to carry into effect the purposes of this
act. Onfihng the bill, writs of capiat and attach-
ment may be issued by said court agamst any par-
ties defendant, which writ shall run into any district,
and shall be served, as other like process, by the
marshal of such district.
The books, secords, correspondence, and all other
documents of the Union Pacific Railroad Company,
shall at all times be open to inspection by the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, or such persons as he may
delegate tor that purpose.
The laws of the United States providing for pro-
ceedings m bankruptcy shall not be held to apply
to said corporation,
No dividend shall hereafter be made by said com-
pany but from the actual net earnings thereof; and
no new stock snail be issued or mortgages or pledges
made on the property or future earnings of the com-
pany without leave of Congress, except for the pur-
pose of funding and seeuring debt now existing or
the renewals thereof.
Any director or officer who shall pay or declare
or aid m paying or declaring, any dividend, or cre-
ating any mortgage or pledge prohibited by this
act, or who shall offend against the provisions of
the sixth section thereof, shall be punished by im-
prisonment not, exceeding two years and by fine not
exceeding $5,000
The proper circuit court of the United States
shall have jurisdiction to hear, try, and determine
all cases ot mandamus to compel said Union Pacific
Kaiiroad Company to operate its road as required
by law.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Pending the
amendment of the gentleman from Indiana, 1
move that the committee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose: and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, Mr. Dawes reported
that the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union had had under consideration the
amendments of the Senate to the bill (H. R.
No. 2091) making appropriations for the legis-
lative, executive, and judicial expenses of the
Government for the year ending June 30,
1874, and for other purposes, and had come
to no resolution thereon.
AMENDMENT OS THE RULES.
Mr. BANKS. I give notice that on to-mor-
row, or on some subsequent day, I shall move
an amendment to the rules in regard to the
number of members who shall hereafter be
on the standing committees of the House.
report on- fish and fisheries.
Mr. ROOSEVELT, by unanimous consent,
Submitted the following concurrentresolution,
which was read, considered, and referred to
the Committee on Printing :
llc^Jvcd '■>'/ the House of Representative*!, (the Sen-
ate eoiicui ring.) That (liorebe printed five ihousmd
extra copies of the report of the TTnited States eom-
mi-s-.oncr on ti«h and fisheries for 1872, upon the de-
crease ut the lood-iisheb of the seacoast and lakes,
and upon the stocking of the rivers und Inkes of
tho United States with .shad and salmon; of which
three thousand shall bo for the use of tho House
of Representatives, fifteen hundred for the use of
the Senate, and livo hundred for the commissioner.
recess.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I move that
the House take a recess until eight o'clock.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. That means
another session.
The motion to adjourn was not agreed to.
The motion to take a recess was agreed to.
And accordingly (at four o'clock and fifty
minutes p. m.) the House took a recess until
eight o'clock p. m.
EVENING SESSION.
The recess having expired, the House reas-
sembled at eight o'clock p. m.
credit hobilier report.
Mr. POLAND, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following concurrent resolution :
which was read, considered, and referred to
the Committee on Printing:
Resolved by the House of Representatives (the Sen-
ate concurring,) That twenty thousand copies of the
!>elJ2Sa 'he select committee appointed December
j, 187<i, on the Credit Mobilier investigation, with
the evidence taken by that committee, be'printed:
fifteen thousand copies for the use of the House, and
five thousand copies for the use of the Senate.
Mr. BEATTY. I rise to make a privileged
report from the Committe on Printing on the
same question.
The Clerk read as follows:
Resolved by the House of Mepresentatmes(the Senate
concurring,) That there be printed of the testimony
taken before the Credit Mobilier investigation, of
which Mr. PoLAND was chairman, with the report of
said committee, seven thousand copies for the nse of
the House and three thousand copies for the use of
the Senate.
Mr. BEATTY. I move the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. POLAND. I ask the gentleman to
make the number the same as in the resolu-
tion I offered.
Mr. COBURN. I would suggest that the
report of the committee of which the gentle-
man from Indiana [Mr. Wilson] is chairman
be included.
Mr. BEATTY. I would have no objection
to that; but no resolution in regard to the
report of the other committee has been sent
to us.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman yield
to the gentleman from Vermont [Mr. Poland]
for an amendment?
Mr. BEATTY. I will hear the gentleman's
amendment.
Mr. POLAND. I move to amend by mak-
ing the number of copies fifteen thousand for
the use of the House, and five thousand for the
use of the Senate.
Mr. BEATTY. I do not yield for that. I
think the number reported by the committee
is sufficient.
Mr. PERCE. Will notthe gentleman yield
for an amendment to include the printing of
the report of the Credit Mobilier Committee
No. 2?
Mr. BEATTY. I am willing to yield for that.
The SPEAKER. Has that been referred
to the Committee on Printing?
Mr. BEATTY. It has not.
The SPEAKER. Then such an amend-
ment would not be in order. By law, not a
rule of the House, all such resolutions must
be referred to the Printing Committee.
The question being put on seconding the
demand for the previous question, there
were—ayes 33, noes '28 ; no quorum voting.
order of business
The SPEAKER. There are several mat-
ters for which gentlemen think unanimous
consent can be obtained, and which the Chair
will now entertain, as the presence of a quorum
would be necessary on the question on which
the House has just divided.
import duties ai\d internal taxes.
Mr. DA.WES. I desire to report from the
Committee of Ways and Means a small bill of
four items. Three of those relate to details
of administrative law. One puts back a duty,
where it was in the old law, and which the
committee got changed by mistake.
No objection being made, the bill (H. R.
No. 4057) to amend an act entitled "An act to
reduce duties on imports and to reduce internal
taxes, and for other purposes," approved June
6, 1872, and for other purposes, was received,
and read a first and second time.
The Clerk proceeded to read the bill. It
provides that the duty hereafter to be paid on
maccaroni and vermicelli shall be 25 per cent.
ad valorem.
Mr. DAWES. I do not desire to have the
rest of the bill read. It only changes the
mode of administering the law in reference
to some matters.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Subsequently Mr. COX said: I rise to a
privileged question. I move to reconsider the
vote by which the bill to amend an act entitled
"An act to reduce the duties on imports," &c.,
was passed on motion of Mr. Dawes this
evening. I was not in my seat, or that bill
could not have passed.
, The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks there
was general consent given for the passage of
the bill. It was passed without reading, if
the gentleman will remember.
Mr. DAWES. And a motion to reconsider
laid on the table.
Mr. COX. Oh, no.
Mr. DAWES. I will not insist upon it; but
that was the fact.
Mr. COX. I now enter the motion to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed.
Mr. DAWES. If the gentleman wants to
make a statement, I hope he will do it now.
Mr. COX. I think it would be better to
make it to-morrow. I do not want to take up
the time of the House now. I only wish to do
my duty to my constituents.
Mr. DAWES. I desire to make a parlia-
mentary inquiry. If the motion to reconsider
is not called up at all, this bill would not go
to the Senate ?
The SPEAKER. It would not; but the
privilege to call up that motion is not confined
to any one .gentleman.
The motion to reconsider was entered.
district in kansas.
Mr. LOWE. I ask unanimous consent to
pass tho bill (H. R. No. 3330) to establish a
southwestern district in Kansas. The bill is
recommended by the Committee on Indian
Affairs and by the Commissioner.
Mr. HOLMAN. I object.
taxes on savings banks.
Mr. EAMES. I ask unanimous consent to
pass a bill to repeal the taxes imposed on
deposits in savings banks and institutions for
saving.
Mr. BURCHARD. I object.
deputy collector at st. pa0l.
Mr. AVERILL. I ask unanimous consent
to take from the Speaker's table the bill (S.
No. 1279) to fix the compensation of the
deputy collector of customs at St. Paul.
The bill was read for information.
Mr. HOLMAN. I think that bill ought to
be considered by some committee.
Mr. AVERILL. I would state that this
bill is unquestionably just and proper. This
officer is performing the duties of a collector
of customs, and has to-day the salary of only
$1,000 a year, and this bill gives him $2,000.
The bill has been submitted to a portion of
the_ Committee on Commerce, who approve
of it. This man gives heavy bonds for the
property that comes into his hands, and it was
a mere inadvertence that his salary was not
placed at the proper rate.
