1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1921
one of the bill that any man who has ever re-
ceived any capital stock of the Union Pacific
railroad, and has not paid for the same in full
in money—even down to the present day, for
there is no limitation as to time—may be sued
for the price of it. Some men may have given
house or land for his stock, within the last
week, or three months ago, or long since the
railroad was finished. But under this bill he
can be put in a batch with the rest of the de-
fendants and compelled to pay the price of
the stock in money.
Furthermore, it is not provided in this bill
that the parties alone who may have made
contracts for the construction of the railroad
shall be compelled to disgorge their profits
whatever they were. This amendment does
not reach the parties who formed the Credit
Mobilier Company merely, it does not reach
merely Mr. Ames and Mr. Brooks, or any
others who were engaged iu that matter. But
it applies to men who even down to the time
of the passage of this bill have made any con-
tract whatever with the Union Pacific railroad.
On the second page of this bill are the words
"or who may have received as profits or pro-
ceeds of contracts for construction or equip-
ment of said road or other contracts there-
with." Therefore any man who has contracted
to give his mere labor, or to sell a ton of coal, or
an engine, or a ton of rails long since the
construction of the Pacific railroad, under this
bill is liable to be sued and put to the cost
of defense.
Now will the gentlemen of that committee
say that it is the intention of their legislation
that these men shall be sued? And for the
benefit of whom ? It was urged upon me this
afternoon that the Union Pacific railroad was
in favor of this bill, and therefore it ought to
be passed. Well, sir, if the United States
will bring a suit for me, pay all the cost of it,
run all the risk of failure, against every man
with whom I ever had a contract in my life
for the purpose of finding out if he did not
charge me too much, or if he does not owe
me some money, ought I to complain of it?
If I was the beneficiary, ought [ not to say I
objected to it? The Union Pacific railroad
might well wish that everybody who ever sold
it any material, or locomotives, or iron, or
coal, or furnished it labor, or made "any
other contract" with it, to use the language
of the bill, may be sued in equity by the Uni-
ted States in order to see if any money can be
wrung out of him to be put in the coffers of
that.company. Therefore that argument does
not have any weight with me.
And where are the suits to be brought? In
Texas, Florida, Maine, or California? If there
is in California any man who in the last ten
years has made any contract with the Union
Pacific railroad he may be dragged to lexas
or anywhere else and tried under this bill.
This bill also provides that these parties may
be sued in detail. There is no provision for a
suit to bring them all in at once. They may
be brought in one by one, and as fa3t as one
is stripped, another lot may be brought in.^
Besides, it is provided that this persecution
shall not be stopped by a man's death. His
representatives to the farthest generation may
be subjected to the inquisition here provided.
And it is furthermore provided that "the
books, records, correspondence, and all other
documents of the Union Pacific Railroad Com-
pany shall at all times be open to inspection
by the Secretary of the Treasury, or such per-
sons tis he may delegate for that purpose.
Now, I do not reflect upon the present Secre-
tary of the Treasury, or upon any other who
uiav succeed to his place. I do not know who
it may be. But I &ay that under this provision
there is an opportunity for speculators to pry
into the inmost recesses of the company, when
there may be cifcHmst&nces which, if exposed
at an inopportune moment, would reduce the
value of their stock or reduce the road to
bankruptcy.
42d Oonu. 3d Seas.—No. 121.
One other word, and I have done. I want
to say that the motive of all this, though
it may not be in the bosoms of the com-
mittee, may be found in some correspond-
ence which is to be found on page 411 of the
report of the committee, affecting members of
this House. That correspondence was to the
effect that there was an organized band in this
House which would take measures to break
down the Union Pacific railroad for stock
brokers' gains, and the storm came a day or
two after it was predicted it would come. Let
gentlemen turn to the pages I have indicated
and they will see that a threat was made of just
the proceedings against this company that has
been made here, and of which this legislation
is the fruit, if certain active members of the
House were not bought off.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair desires to
correct aruling which he made upon an amend-
ment offered by the gentleman from Michigan,
[Mr. Congek.] The Chair, in ruling that the
gentleman was not in order in offering the
amendment, understood the amendment to be
a proviso to section two of the original bill.
The Chair now ascertains that the gentlemen
intended his amendment to apply to thisamend-
ment. In that view, the amendment is in
order; and the Chair recognizes the gentle-
man from Michigan.
Mr. CONGER. I thank the Chairfor setting
me right before the House as to the proposi-
tion I have made. I will not now take up time
in having the amendment read, but I will ask
that it may be read hereafter, and I trust it
will receive the attention of the House. Let
me state the effect of the amendment.
This bill provides thatany person who holds
stock which he has not paid for in money shall
be liable to prosecution, and may be brought
from any part of the United States where he
may reside to the district in which the suit
shall be pending. This applies to any person,
whether man or woman, whether minor or
adult. My proviso proposes that an innocent
holder of this stock—a minor, for instance,
who has inherited it by devise and has not paid
for it in money—any person who has honestly
come into the possession of stock without pay-
ing for it in cash—may surrender the stock to
the United States, and may receive the equiva-
lent of what may have been paid for it, with
seven per cent, interest from the time it became
his property ; and that such a person shall not
be subjected to the pains and penalties, the
losses and expenses of a litigation with the
United States.
The second branch of the proviso proposes
that if the innocent holder of this stock cannot
make an arrangement with the United States
to receive back the value of the stock to him,
he may at least have the poor consolation of
surrendering all his stock to the United States,
and go scot-free from further prosecution, from
further capias according to the provision of the
original bill, and further expenses ; that in this
way, the guardian, for instance, may save his
ward from being dragged from one end of the
country to the other, to answer a suit of the
United States against him.
That is the object of my amedment. For
there is many a widow, many a minor, owning
a few shares of this stock who, if compelled to
answer as this bill requires, in a suit in which
the United States shall be plaintiff, will not
only lose the value of their stock, but will be
ruined in undertaking to defend their rights,
I do not antagonize this bill. I care noth-
ing for it; I have no interest in it any more
that anybody else ; but I desire that innocent
holders of this Union Pacific stock may not
be compelled, as this bill proposes, to undergo
all the annoyance and expense of this litiga-
tion. I trust that when my amendment is
read gentlemen may see the propriety of it as
a measure of protection to those who, in order
to protect themselves, might be willing to
surrender all their rights to the Government.
Mr. W. B. ROBERTS. Does the gentle-
mar from Michigan [Mr. Conger] know of
any orphans who hold this stock? •
Mr. CONGER. I do not, uhless my friend
from New York [Mr. W. R. Roberts] owns
some. ■>
Mr. W. R. ROBERTS. I am not aware
that any such persohs hold this stock-" J ! :
Mr. KERR. Mr. Chairman, although the
bill reported by the committee is in some of
its provisions and features quite remarkable
and novel, and on some points goes near to
the verge, yet I fail to perceive that any of
them are justly subject to the charge of involv-
ing an excess of authority on the part of this
Government. In this connection, when I
would inquire why these extraordinary pro-
visions are proposed, I find an answer to the
inquiry in the report of the committee, in this
evidence, and in all the facts connected with
the conduct and the management of this road.
In all of these I find a thousand answers to
all the objections made by the gentleman from
California [Mr. Sargent] and the gentleman
from Michigan, [Mr. Conger.] All their ob-
jections are answered—answered with trum-
pet" tongues—in the record of the excesses and
the frauds and the unparalleled robberies of
these railroad corporations, and their Swind-
ling Credit Mobilier side-show. Oat of that
shameless record arises the unfortunate neces-
sity for the enactment of any such a law as this
bill proposes. The disease demands vigorous
if not extraordinary remedies.
Now, both the gentlemen say one of their
chief objections to this bill is that it proposes
all of these stockholders shall be held re-
sponsible for payment of their subscription in
actual money, and they say it is a gross hard-
ship, it is a great wrong on them, and the
Government ought not to enact it. My friend
from Michigan [Mr. Conger] says it would be
oppressive on widows and minors. This is
not a new pretense on the part of the friends
of these corporations. Does he remember,
have they both forgotten, it is written down
in the bond, every dollar of this stock shall
be paid for in actual money of the United
States, and in nothing else ? Here is the law
which this company has been habitually and
defiantly violating for years. Now listen. I
read from section two of the law of July 2,
1864, which says:
"The said company shall make assessment on its
stockholders of not less than five dollars per share,
and at intervalsof not exceeding six months from and
after the passage of this act, until the par Value of
the shares subscribed shall be fully paid, and money
only shall be receivable for any such assessments,
or as equivalent for any portion of the capita! stock
hereinbefore subscribed."
Now, what becomes of that objection?
Here have been persistent violations of the
law disregarding this express, solemn, and
imperative provision enacted in anticipation
of the very attempts at fraud which have dis-
graced this lawless brotherhood of corpora-
tions, and robbed this country.
Now, gentlemen say to the House it would
be grossly burdensome and oppressive and
wrong to require these people to answer on
these°obligations. They were voluntarily in-
curred. They were incurred by all of them
with full knowledge of the requirements of
this law, with full knowledge of the condition
on which they took their stock. What, right
have they now to come here to say this pro-
posed action on the part of the Government
would be inequitable and harsh? I see noth-
ing wroDg in it. I shall therefore vote for the
I wish to say generally in regard to the bill,
notwithstanding its remarkable provisions, I
believe every one of them is in a just sense
required and justified by the evidence taken
in this controversy and reported to the House.
It will be criminal and fatal policy for the
Government, for any honest government, witu
knowledge of such facts as this record pub-
lishes to the world, to neglect or fail to ins-
tate such quick, vigorous, effective, and lawful
