1922
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28.
proceedings ft? shall reassert and vindicate the
authority of the country and the rights of the
Treasury and of the people. To meet and
dvsc^r^e tSaw' duties arp at once the aims
and the justification for the enactment of this
law.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr; SBELLABARGBR rose.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I \yish to put
one (jiuestipn 'o wyefljjea^gue before he speaks,
as he speaks from fullness ,of knowledge, being
00 the coramjttee which investigated this sub-
' ject. He jyiJl relieve my mind from a diffi-
culty on this subject if he will answer me
whetherin carrying out the measures proposed,
for the purpose of getting at the wrong done
by the Pacific railroad, the Government may
not run a risk of throwing this road into the
hands of the fir^t mortgage bondholders, and
thus the Govern wept ot' the United States may
lose its power to get its own out of the road ?
1 admit my fear is and has been throughout
the investigation of the subject we may in
some measure run some risk. I shall be glad
to have an answer from my colleague in regard
to that danger.
Mr. SHeLLABARGER. Mr. Chairman,
there are two answers to that question. The
first is that the whole scope of the bill is to
enlarge the road and prevent that very thing
coming to pass which is now threatening, a
rotten, insolvent company. If it can be again
endowed with the magnificent endowments
the Government gave it so munificently it will
be rich. It is now poor. That is my first
answer. The second answer is, that so far as
understood by us those in the management of
the road now are favoring the bill for its reeu-
dowment to save it from the results pointed out
by my colleague. I propose to yield the rest
of my time to my colleague on the committee
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Hoar.] With abso-
lute fairness we haye striven to attain the truth,
and in a sentence, I declare in all the history
of finance connected with works of this or
any other country I never saw a scheme of
villainy so profoundly arranged, so cunningly
carried forward, and so disastrously executed
as this one disclosed by the report now sub-
mitted to the House, 1 yield to the gentleman
from Massachusetts.
Mr. HOAR. I wish lo say to my friend
from California this firsl section merely pro-
vides for suing persons who have unlawfully
and wrongfully recived these moneys.
Mr. SARGENT, That is the very question
to be tested.
Mr. HOAR. I do not yield for interrup-
tions. And the section closes by providing
that the money shall ba paid either to the
Uuited States or to the company, whichever
shall in equity be held entitled to it,
The gentlemftt) says it is harsh to provide
for the inspection ol' their books. If you made
a contract with me to give me five per cent,
out of your net earnings I would have a right
to inspept your books, and any court of equity
would give me that privilege. Now, is this
company in its relations to the United States
to be free from the common obligation which
affects all such contracts?
Then to the gentleman from Michigan [Mr,
Conger] I say thai these suits are only against
wrongdoers; the widow and orphan would
not be troubled. If one of them is summoned
in as the representative of an original party,
the Attorney General and the Secretary of
the Treasury can compromise with those par-
ties as in all cases of suits brought by the Uni-
ted States. The bill is eminently fair, and
the answer to the objection made by these
gentlemen is simply to read it.
Mr. SARGENT. What do you mean by
the words "or other contracts therewith," 011
line thirteen ?
Mr. HOAR. That is explained by the
words which follow, " which ought in equity
to belong to said railroad corporation."
Nothing else.
Mr. SARGENT. It refers to everything;
to contracts for <joal and everything else.
Mr. H04.R. Only to contracts which be
long to the road.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. COS rose.
• The CHAIRMAN. But one minute of the
time allowed for debate on the pendiug sec-
tion and amendments remains. The gentle-
man from New York [Mr. Cox] is recognized
for one minute.
Mr. SARGENT. By the assignment of the
floor twenty-five minutes out of the thirty have
been given to the friends of the proposition.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair was totally
ignorant as to who were friends and who were
foes of the proposition. The committee were
understood to have some preference ; and three
of the five-minutes periods have been given to
the committee and three to gentlemen outside
of the committee. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. Cox] has one minute.
Mr. COX. Mr. Chairman, I cannot speak
for forty million people in one minute. I have
but one minute in which to speak for the peo-
ple against the railroads.
We have, as the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Shellabarger] says, the most unexampled
revelation of villainy which this country ever
knew in relation to railroads, I do not pro-
pose, Mr. Chairman, to aggrandize or concen-
trate any more power in this Government at
this time. Many are now considering the
proposition whether or not under our Consti-
tution, which gives the power to Congress to
regulate the commerce with foreign nations
and with the several States, we have not the
power to take charge and make a new deal
with those people who have got our bonds and
our money. The overshadowing power of
these railroads is compelling the strict con-
structionists to consider their duty. Why,
air, we have a combination now of sixty.three
railroads connected with one State, repre-
senting fifteen thousand miles of road and
$670,000,000, overshadowing the Government;
and bullying the people.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The CHAIRMAN. The tihje allowed for
debate on the amendments relating to the
pending question has expired. The question is
first on the amendment of the gentleman from
Michigan [Mr. Congbr] to the ameudment of
the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Wilson.]
The Clerk will report it.
The amendment was read, as follows :
After fine twenty-four of tho amendment of Mr.
Wilson, of Indiana, add the following:
Provided, That all bona fide holders of Union
Pacific railroad stock, against whom proceedings
shall be instituted under the provisions of this act,
shall be entitled to claim and receive from tha
United States, upon surrendering to the United
States such stock, the actual amount in value of all
payments made by them for sueh stock, with interest
thereon at seven per cent, per annum from the time
of such payments, and thereafter the United States
shall be the owner of such stock: And provided
further, That any honest and innocent holder of
such stock may surrender tho same to the United
States without being subjected to tho expenses,
costs, damages, or other loss than tho loss of such
oapital stock,
The question being put on the amendment,
there were—ayes 26, noes 78; no quorum
voting.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman
from Michigan insist on further count.
Mr. CONGER. I do not.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. YOUNG. I offer the following amend-
ment.
The Clerk read as follows :
Add to the amendment of Mr. Wilson, of Indiana
these words :
And the Attorney General is hereby directed
to make inquiry, and ascertain whether there
be outstanding in any other parties than those
hereinabove mentioned, any legal or equitable
rights, tho purchase of which will facilitate the re-
covery of the capital stock, bonds, moneys, lands or
other property, hereinbefore mentioned, or the
avails thereof, for the use and benefit of the people
of the United States, and if, in the preparation or
prosecution of the suit in equity hereinabove pro-
vided for, it slia.Il appear that any such legal .or
equitable rights are outstanding, then, and iii that
oase'the Attorney General shall report tile sx'mo to
tile fiongstess o£ the United Stotes. with' his opinion
thereon. . , . . ,■ <u
The question, being P!lt o :the;.ame,n4mw$j
thejre w$>jr'e—'-jj.yeji &6, noes 86.: • ,
Mr- YOUNG-. . I fiftll for tellers, * ..
Tellers were not ordered. . ,
Sp the amendment was not agreed to. ,
Mr. HIBBARD. Has the Chair ruled that
it is now too la.te to offer an-amendmentto the
second section?
The CHAIRMAN. It is too late. - -
Mr. HIBBARD. Will it be in order after
this amendment is voted upon ?
The CHAIRMAN. This is an additional
section. The gentleman from Indiana offered
this not as an amendment to the second sec-
tion, but as an independent section. If the
gentleman from New Hampshire has a similar
amendment to offer, theChair will entertain it.
Mr. HIBBARD. What has become of the
substitute for the ninety-third amendment of
the Senate ?
The CHAIRMAN. That has been adopted.
Mr. HIBBARD. I think not.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will receive
the amendments of gentlemen after this amend-
ment has been disposed of. The Chair will
treat the ninety-third amendment of the Senate
as still open for amendment. •> ■'
Mr. HOLM AN. I offerthe following amend-
ment to the amendment. Add to the- amend-
ment as follows:
And that in all cases where lands have been or
may be granted to any railroad e'oinpany for the
purpose of aiding in the construction of a railroad,
and when bonds of the United States have been o j
may be granted to any such railroad company:
which by law constitute a mortgage on the line of
such railroad, said bonds, and all sums due or to
become due the United States, for interest or'prin-
cipal paid, or which maybe paid on sueh bonds,
shall constitute a lien on all lands which have been
or may be so granted, and which remain undisposed
of by such company, and the same shall only be
sold or conveyed from time to time with- the ap-
proval of the Secretary of the Treasury, -and on
conditions which will secure the proceeds, to be
applied, so far as necessary, to reimburse the United
States for all sums that have boon or may be ad-
vanced to nay theinterertestor principal of any suoh
bonds, and to finally pay the said bonds. And no
money shall be paid Dy the United States to any
such railroad company on any claim of or liability
to it, while such company may be indebted to the
United States, but the liability of the United States
shall constitute a set-off against any claim of suoh
company. '
Mr. HOAR. I make the point of order
that that is general legislation and is not ger-
mane to this particular subject at all.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order that this is legislation outside
of this section of the bill.
Mr. HOLMAN. I appeal from the de-
cision of the Chair. If the Chair will iook at
the pending amendment he will see that it la
general in its terms. It does not refer to the
Pacific railroad by name.
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment pro-
posed by the gentleman from Indiana [Mr.
Wilson] refers to the Pacific railroad alone,
while the amendment of the gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Holman] applies to all railroads
that have received land grants.
Mr. HOLMAN. I will not insist on an ap-'
peal from the decision of the Chair, although
I am satisfied that the Chair is wrong.
Mr. COGHLAN. I move to amend the
amendment by inserting after the Word
"money" the words "or its equivalent;" so
that it will read :
That the Attorney General shall cause a suit in
equity to be instituted in the name of the United
States against the Union Pacific Bailroad Company,
and against all persons who may, in their own names,
or through any agents, have subscribed for or re-
ceived capital stock in said road, which stock has
not been paid for in full in money or its equivalent,
and who may have received, as dividends or oth^r-
wise, portions of its oapital stock, &c.
The question was taken; and the amend-
ment .was not agreed to.
Mr. SARGENT. I move to amend tho
amendment by striking out in lines thirteen
