962
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 30,
Robert G. Wilson, late a private in company A
seventy-ninth regiment New York volunteers,
at the rate of twenty-five dollars per month, in
lieu of the pension now held and enjoyed by
him.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and
PORT OF CIIJESTER.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(H. R. No. 446) to abolish the office of survey-
or at the port of Chester, in Pennsylvania, and
for other purposes; which was considered as
in Committee of the Whole. The first section
of the bill abolishes the office of surveyor at
the port of Chester, in the district of Philadel-
phia, provided by the act establishing that port,
approved March 29, 1867. The second sec-
tion provides that a deputy collector of customs,
to reside at Chester, or a resident inspector of
customs, with the powers of a deputy collector,
shall be appointed for that port, to perform
such duties as may be devolved on him ac-
cording to law, whose compensation shall not
exceed that allowed by law to inspectors of
customs at the port of Philadelphia.
Mr. SCOTT. With the concurrence of the
Senator who reported that bill from the Com-
mittee on Commerce, I move to amend by
striking out, in the first and second lines of
the second section, the words "a deputy col-
lector of customs," and "or a resident in-
spector of customs," and inserting the words,
"an inspector."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended; and the amendment was concurred
in. It was ordered that the amendment be
engrossed and the bill read a third time.
The bill was read the third time, and passed.
BRICK X. ItLAIlt.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(II. R. No. 1562) for the relief of Captain
lirice X. Blair, postmaster at Huntingdon,
Pennsylvania; which was considered as in
Committee of the Whole. Its preamble recites
that the post ollice at Huntingdon, Pennsyl-
vania, was broken into 011 the night of October
2t>, 1870, and the sale therein blown open, and
postage stamps stolen therefrom to the amuunt
of $1!28 48, without any fault or neglect of the
postmaster; and the bill directs the Postmaster
General, in the settlement of the accounts of
Brice X. Blair, postmaster at Huntingdon,
Pennsylvania, to allow him acreditfor $328 48,
the amount of postage stamps stolen from bis
sate on the night of October 26, 1870.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
susan t. 18. williamson.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(11. II. No. 2518) to increase the pension of
Susan T. E. Williamson.
Mr. MOllRILL, of Maine. I observe that
that bill was reported adversely.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Then the
question will be on its indefinite postpone-
ment.
Mr. FRELINGIICJ YSEN. Let it be passed
aver.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. Being ob-
jected to, the bill will be passed over.
h. h. meredith.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(EL R. No. 1803) for the relief of H. IT.
Meredith, late postmaster at Wade, Bedford
county, Virginia ; which was considered as in
Committee of the Whole. It directs the Post-
master General not to collect of H. H. Mere-
dith, late postmaster at Wade, Bedford county,
Virginia, any balance due from him on ac-
count of money and stamps which were taken
from the post office at that place by burglars
on the night of the 20th of December, 1868.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
allan rutherford.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 1214) for the relief of Allan Ruther-
ford.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I notice that
that bill is reported adversely, and will prob-
ably lead to debate. I object to it for that
reason.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Being ob-
jected to, the bill will be passed over.
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut. Let it be
postponed indefinitely.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I have no objec-
tion to that.
Mr. POOL. I have.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Very well; let
it go over.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill
will be passed over.
removal op disabilities.
The next bill 011 the Calendar was the bill
(H. R. No. 1325) to remove the disabilities of
certain persons therein named.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. That bill will
lead to debate, and it had better go over.
Mr. NORWOOD. Is there any objection
to that bill ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
understands that there is.
Mr. SPENCER. Let the bill be read for
information.
The Chief Clerk read the bill, and also the
amendment reported by the select Commit-
tee on the Removal of Political Disabilities,
striking out all the names in the bill, with one
exception, and inserting others.
Mr. SPENCER. I move further to amend
by inserting the name of John V. Wright, of
Tennessee.
Mr. BO REMAN. I think it exceedingly
improper, while a bill of this sort is being
considered, and.about to pass, to attempt to
insert the names of gentlemen whose character,
standing, and claims for lelief have not been
passed upon by the committee.
Mr. SPENCER. Mr. Wright's petition, I
understand, is before the committee the same
as that of everybody else.
Mr. NORWOOD. It has not been acted
upon.
Mr. SPENCER. Certainly there can be no
objection to it.
Mr. NORWOOD. The names in the bill
have been acted upon by the committee, and
I hope the Senate will not attempt to amend
the bill.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I shall object
to the consideration of this bill if it is to lead
to any delay.
( The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from Alabama persist in his amend-
ment?
Several Senators. No! No!
Mr. SPENCER. I do not see any good
reason for withdrawing it.
Mr. CONKLING. I ask to have the bill
reported in full.
The Chief Clerk read the bill and the'amend-
ment of the committee.
Mr. CONICLING. I understand that the
names sent to us by the House have been
stricken out altogether and other names sub-
stituted for them.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. With one
exception.
Mr. CONKLING. Some of the names read
are those of men who I think should be re-
lieved ; but still I should like to examine the
bill further, and know something more about
it. Therefore I move that it lie over.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It being
objected to, the hill will lie over.
mineral lands.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 1351) in relation to mineral lands;
which was considered as in Committee of the
Whole.
The Committee on Mines and Mining
reported the bill with an amendment, to
strike out all after the enacting clause, and
to insert in lieu thereof the following:
That deposits or mines of iron and coal be, and
they are hereby, excluded from the operations of an
act entitled "An act to promote the development of
the mining resources of the United States," approved
May 10,1872; and said aet shall not apply to the min-
eral lands situate and being within the States of
Michigan, Wisconsin, and Minnesota, and that said
lands are hereby declared free and open to explora-
tion and purchase, according to the legal subdivis-
ions thereof, as before the passage of said act; and
that any bona Ado entries of such lands within said
States, since the passage thereof, may be patented
without reference to the provisions of said act.
Mr. CASSERLY. That bill is very general
in its terms in the first part of it, although the
latter part applies only to the States named.
If the first part were limited in the same way,
I do not know that I should object to it; but
it is very broad as it stands, and unless it is
amended I shall have to object to its present
consideration.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Being ob-
jected to, the bill will go over.
Mr. CHANDLER. I hope the Senator will
withdraw his objection. This is a purely local
measure. The law of May 10, 1872, renders
it impossible for us to develop copper or iron
mines. This is a purely local measure, simply
affecting the copper and iron mines of Lake
Superior, and does not come within hailing
distance of the mines on the Pacific; and I
hope the Senator will not object. It was
drawn in cooperation with the Senators from
the mining districts and in accordance with
their suggestions.
Mr. CASSERLY. That is precisely what I
said: that if the bill is confined to the States
named I shall not object. I ask the Clerk to
read it once more.
The Chief Clerk read the substitute of the
committee.
Mr. CHANDLER. It simply takes these
three States out from under the operation of
that law, and likewise takes the coal and iron
mines, which I suppose the Senator never in-
tended should be included and are not in-
cluded, but for safety the Committee on Mines
and Mining inserted that provision.
Mr. CASSERLY. The Senator and I do
not differ much, so far as my action is con-
cerned at least. I propose with his permission
to insert after the first "that" following the
enacting clause the words "within the States
hereinafter named," so as to limit the opera-
tion of the first part of the bill, as well as the
second part, to the States named in the bill.
Mr. CHANDLER. I have no objection to
that. The Committee on Mines and Mining
thought it best to make that provision general,
but if the Senator insists upon it, I shall not
object to that amendment.
Mr. CA.SSERLY. With that amendment
I certainly shall not object to the bill. I move
to insert those words.
Mr. S IE WART. I do not think the amend-
ment is necessary. The Senate has already
passed a coal-land bill, and those lands do not
come under our mining laws. As far as de-
posits of iron are concerned, those I presume
are under the general land laws of the United
States. The Senator from Alabama, not now
in his seat, [Mr. Spencer,] stated to us that
they feared that the old law might be applied
to the iron mines of Alabama. I do not think
that was intended at all; but the general lan-
guage of it might do so, and so the bill was
drawn in this shape. I think this bill will not
interfere with our mineral land law, if passed
in the language in which it is drawn, and the
Senator from Alabama was so anxious that it
should be put in this shape that I hope it will
be allowed to pass as it is. It will not inter-
fere with any of the mining regions of our
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is 011 the amendment of the Senator from
