1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
192S
and fourteen the words " ou other contracts
therewith;" so that it will read :
Or who may have received as profits or proceeds
of contracts for construction or equipment of said
road, moneys or other property which ought, in
equity, to belong to said railroad corporation, or
who may, under pretense of having complied with
the acts to which this is ail addition, have wrong-
fully and unlawfully received from the United
States bonds, moneys, or lands which ought, in
equity, to be accounted for and paid to said railroad
company or to the United States, and to compel
payment for said stock, and the collection and pay-
ment of such moneys, and the restoration of sueh
property, or its value, either to said railroad corpor-
ation or to the United States, whichever shall in
equity be held entitled thereto.
The question was taken; and the amend-
ment was not agreed to.
Mr. COGHLAN, I offer the following
amendment:
Insert after the word " suit" in line one, page 2,
the words "against said Union Pacific Railroad
Company," and also strike out all in line two, page
2, after the word "circuit" and up to and including
the word"suit"in line three, and insert "through
which said road may run, and the suits herein
authorized against parties other than said company
shall be brought in the circuit in which such parties
respectfully reside."
The question was taken; and the amend-
ment was not agreed to.
The question recurred upon the amendment
offered by Mr. Wilson, of Indiana; and being
put there were, on a division—ayes one hun-
dred and one, noes not counted.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The CHAIRMAN. The question recurs
upon concurring in the ninety-third amend-
ment of the Senate as amended.
Mr. HIBBARD. I move to further amend
by adding the following:
The Attorney General is hereby directed to com-
mence proper legal proceedings to recover the five
per cent, of net earnings of any such railroad com-
pany as provided by law if in his opinion the
Government is entitled to recover the same.
Mr. HOAR. I rise to a point of order; it
is that this committee is not now perfecting an
original bill, but it is merely dealing with
amendments of the Senate. It is therefore not
in order to offer as an amendment a new prop-
osition. Besides it takes all the snap out of
the other.
Mr. HIBBARD. I ask that the Clerk read
the substitute for the ninety-third amendment
of the Senate, which was reported from the
Committee on Appropriations.
The Clerk read as follows:
And the Secretary of the Treasury is directed to
withhold all payments to any railroad company and
its assigns on acconnt of freight or transportation
over their respective roads of any kind, to the
amount of payments made by the United States for
interest upon bonds of the United States, issued to
any such company, and which shall not have been
reimbursed; and any such company may bring suit
in the Court of Claims to recover so much of the price
of such freight and transportation asbhallhave been
withheld; and in such suit the right of suchcompany
to recover the same upon the Saw and the faetsof the
case shall be determined, and also the rights of the
United States upon the merits of ail the points pre-
sented by it in answer thereto by them ; and the
jurisdiction and power of said court in any such suit
shall be the same as mother actions therein; and its
judgment therein and a transcript thereof shall
nave the same force and eifoct as in other eases of
claims against the Government in said court; and
either party to sueh suit may appeal to the Supreme
Court; and both said courts shall give such cause or
causes precedence of all other business.
The CHAIRMAN. Will the gentlema.n
from Massachusetts [Mr. Hoab] restate his
point of order?
Mr. HOAR. My point of order is that a
new and substantive proposition is not in order
as on amendment' at this time.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. And the text
of the Senate amendment has been stricken
out.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair rales the
amendment of the gentleman from New Hamp
shire [Mr. HiliBARn] to be in order.
Mr. SARGENT. Is an amendment to that
in order?
The CHAIRMAN. An amendment to the
original text of the Senate amendment would
be in order, but not to the pending amend-
ment.
Mr. HOAR. I would like to ask what is
the parliamentary attitude of the proposition
of the gentleman from New Hampshire.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
New Hampshire proposes to add what has
been read to the amendment reported from the
Committee on Appropriations.
Mr. SARGENT. I desire to offer a substi-
tute for that amendment
The CHAIRMAN. No further amendment
is in order at present. The question is upon
the amendment of the gentleman from New
Hampshire.
Mr. KELLOGG. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman from New Hampshire if the railroad
has refused to pay any five per cent. due. I
want to know that before I vote on his propo-
sition.
Mr. HIBBARD. They deny that they should
pay it.
The question was then taken upon the amend-
ment moved by Mr. Hibbard, and it was not
agreed to ; upon a division—ayes 40, noes 82.
Mr. SARGENT, I move to amend by add-
ing the following:
And the Attorney General is hereby authorized to
prosecute criminally any person who favored the
construction of the Pacifio railroad, and to com-
mence proceedings to abate said road as a nuisance.
The amendment was not agreed to.
The CHAIRMAN. The question recurs
upon the Senate amendment as amended.
Mr, HOLM AN. I move to amend the amend-
ment reported from the Committee on Appro-
priations by striking out the words "and hoth
said courts shall give such cause or causes pre*
cedence of any other businesss."
Mr. HOAR. I rise to a question of order,
I undestand that the ninety-third amendment
of the Senate was disposed of, and that the
amendment moved by the gentleman from In-
diana [Mr. Wilson] was pending at the time
the recess was taken this afternoon. But in
consequence of a misunderstanding on the part
of the gentleman from New Hampshire at that
time the Chair entertained his proposition,
though not strictly in order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair was led into
an error by the fact that the gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Wilsos] was permitted to offer
his amendment, which was an amendment to
an amendment. When the House went into
Committee of the W hole this evening the gen-
tleman from Indiana, instead of maintaining
his proposition as an amendment to an amend-
ment, offered it as an independent proposition.
In that way the committee passed from the
ninety-third amendment of the Senate with-
out finally disposing of it. That ninety-third
amendment has not yet beeu disposed of.
After disposing of the amendment of the gen-
tleman from Indiana the committee returns to
the consideration of the ninety-third amend-
ment of the Senate as it stood when the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Indiana was offered
this afternoon.
Mr. HOLMAN. I ask that iny amendment
be again reported.
The amendment was again read.
The question was taken upon -the amend-
ment moved by Mr. Holman, and upon a
division it was not agreed to—ayes 30, noes 91.
The question being taken upon concurring in
the ninety-third amendment of the Senate as
amended, it was concurred in ; there being—
ayes 91, noes 83.
The ninety fourth amendment of the Senate
was read, as follows:
Add a,s a new section the following:
Sue, 3. That from and after the 1st day of J anuarr,
1873, the salaries of the Assistant Secretaries, the
Solicitor, i ho Register, and t'aeSupervising Arohiteot
of the Treasury Department, the Assistant Secretary
of the Imerior, the Commissioner of Indian Affairs,
the Commissioner of Agriculture, the Commissioner
nf Customs, the Auuitors of the Treasury, the Com-
missioner of the General Land Ofiiee, the Commis-
sioner of Pensions, and the Assistants Postmasters
General, the Superintendent of t.he money-order
system, and the Superintendent of foreign mails of
the Post. Ofliee Department, shall be $4,000 each per
annum.
Mr. BANKS. I desire to submit an amend-
ment to this amendment which I think will
meet the approval of the Committee on Ap-
propriations. I move to amend the Sfioat^
amendment by adding the following;
And the salaries of the two chiefs of th,e diplo-
matic and of the consular bureaus in the Depart-
ment of State, and of the chiefs of the - bureaus
t accounts and of indiees and archives, shall he
400 each per annum.
Mr. Chairman, this amendment is recom-
mended by the Secretary of State. The cler-
ical force in that Department is about what it
was in I860, before the war. The business of
the Department has very greatly increased;
yet the pay of the officers referred to in this
amendment is only $1,600 and $1,800 a year,
while in all the other Departments correspond-
ing service is paid for at the rate of over
$2,000. There is no contingent fund from
which the head of the State Department can
pay such sums as he may think proper to those
who earn them; arid it is believed that the pub-
lic service absolutely requires this increase of
salaries. The officers to whom the amend-
ment refers labor at the Department until fiva
o'clock in the afternoon, and then frequently
return at night and work several hours.
The amendment was adopted.
Mr. MERRIAM. I move to amend the
amendment of the Senate by adding thereto
the following:
Provided, That if any clerk of a United States
circuit or district court shall fail to make a report as
required by thethird section of the act of Febraaiy
26, 1853, he shall, upon the recommendation of the
Attorney General, be removed from office by the
judge by whom he was appointed: And provided
further, That itshall be the duty of the judge of the
Sroper court to remove any commissioner appointed
y him, upon the recommendation of the Attorney
General, for such cause shown.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I do not know
that there is any objection to that amendment;
but if it be adopted, I ask that it may be
placed in that part of the hill where it properly
belongs.
Mr. BURCHARD. I raise a point of order
ou the amendment.
Mr. MERRIAM. I would not press this
proposition upon the committee at the present
time but for the fact that there have grown up
all over the country abuses which are scandal-
izing the Government. As to the first^ pro-
viso the clerks of the United States circuit
courts 
Mr. BURCHARD. I must insist on my
point of order that this amendment proposes
new legislation. I raise the point because I
think the question is one that ought not to be
acted upon without a reference to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I move
further to amend the Senate amendment by
adding thereto the following;
That from and after the 1st day of July,1873, there
shall be paid in addition to their present compensa-
tion twenty per cent, of the same in addition thereto,
as compensation to all officers, clerks, and employes
in tueseveral Executive Departments whose annual
compensation does not exeeed $3,UtXI, and ten per
cent, in like manner to officers tvhose compensation
exceeds $3,000 per annum, and which shall be m
lieu of all other compensation.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. There are
eighteen hundred suits now pending in the
Court of Claims on just such a provision as
that, adopted in 1867,
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. As the Com-
mittee of the Whole is evidently going to con-
cur in the Senate amendment, I desire to
amend it farther by inserting before the words
'•AssistantSecretaries," in linethree,the words
"Assistant Secretaries of State and the exam-
iner of claims."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FARNS WORTH. I move further to
amend the amendment of the Senate by adding
the following:
And the salaries of the female olerks in the various
