$64
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 30,
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Maine calls for the regular order,
which ia the unfinished business of yesterday,
the legislative appropriation bill.
MESSAGE FROM TUB HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed a bill (H. R. No.
8503) restoring the names of certain persons to
the pension rolls, and in amendment of an aet
entitled " An act granting pensions to the sur-
vivors of the war of 1812," approved February
14, 1871; in which it requested the concur-
rence of the Senate.
LEGISLATIVE, KTO , APPROPRIATION BILL
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
bill (H. ii. No. 2991) making appropriations
for the legislative, executive, and judicial ex-
penses of the Government for the year ending
June 30, 1874, and for other purposes, the
pending question being on the motion of Mr.
Sprauge to reconsider the vote of the Senate
agreeing to the amendment offered by Mr.
Morrill, of Vermont, to insert after the ap-
propriation to pay judgments of the Court of
Claims the following proviso:
Provided, That in rendering any judgment in
favor of any claimant under the aet of March 12,
1863, the said court shall find the amount due, and
shall also find and state whether or not said claim-
ant had proved that ho rendered no aid or comfort
to the rebellion; and where such claimant shall
have failed to prove that he had not rendered such
aid or comfort, no judgment of said court shall bo
paid until a special appropriation therefor shall be
made by Congross.
Mr. MOrtflILL, of Vermont. Mr. Presi-
dent, when 1 proposed this amendment I had
no idea that there could be a vote brought out
on any side of the Chamber against it. it is
specially designed to exclude, one of the most
wealthy, persistent, and able blockade-run-
ners that the country saw dnring the pro-
gress of the rebellion. It is intended to pre-
vent the Court of Claims from having final
jurisdiction upon a claim of his amounting to
$1,200,000. fho Court of Claims and the
southern claims commission were specially
organized in order that certain claimants
might have their claims adjudicated upon at
an earlier moment than they could be by Con
gress; but it was never intended that that
court or that commission should be open to
that class of our people who were rebels
during the recent war.
If we are to blot out all distinctions, if the
mere proclamation of tbe President of the
United States allowing men to come forward
and take the oath of allegiance is to wipe out
all distinctions, to make the reddest rebel as
white as wool, why cannot a southern confed-
erate soldier come here and claim to have a
pension? If that proclamation is to have the
effect of placing rebels in the same position as
Union men, why can we not here appropriate
the condemned cannon of the country to be
used in erecting monuments to some of the
distinguished dead.who were rebels?
But, Mr. President, I only designed to say
enough to satisfy the Senate of the character
of this amendment. I am not wedded to any
particular words, but I do think that the Court
of Claims ought to be deprived of the juris-
diction of any claim of so much magnitude as
a million dollars, and I think we may properly
consider whether or not it is well to continue
that court if they are to adjudicate the claims
of rebels as well as of Union men and to this
large extent.
This claimant, I believe, was a resident of
the city of New York at the breaking out of
the rebellion, and so conducted himself that
he had to leave there and go and live in the
South, and there he became one of the largest
operators as a blockade-runner to be found in
that part of the country, wielding an immense
amount of wealth to the successful prosecution
of that kind of business. Toward the close
of the war, a considerable amount of this cot-
ton was seized by the Treasury officers of the
Government. This gentleman undertook to
recover that property and was charged with
having attempted to bribe tbe officers of the
Government in order to get hold of this prop-
erty, and on that charge he was convicted and
condemned to three years' imprisonment and
to pay a fine of $25,000. He was pardoned
for that offense, and now this claim, as I under-
stand, is hanging in the Court of Claims. The
amendment proposes, not to deprive him of
this $1,200,000 if it shall be recovered, but to
postpone its payment until Congress shall have
time to act upon it; that the facts shall be re-
ported to Congress, and that no money shall
be paid out of the Treasury until a special
appropriation for that purpose shall be made
by Congress.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, I am
a little surprised at the persistency which has
been manifested in the Senate for two or three
years to bring itself in conflict with the Supreme
Court of tbe United States and destroy the
Court of Claims. The Senator from Vermont
now proposes as an amendment to provide
that no judgment of the Court of Claims shall
be paid except in pursuance of a special ap-
propriation. The Court of Claims as origin-
ally organized 
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Of course
the Senator means to state the amendment
properly. It does not provide that it shall pay
no claim, but provides that it shall pay no
claim where the finding of the court is that
the-party rendered aid and comfort to our
enemies.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The court never will
render any such judgment as that, and it shows
an utter contusion of ideas to assume any
such thing. The Court of Claims as originally
organized reported its decisions to Congress,
and we passed appropriations or not to meet
the reports which they made. It was then
a mere commission, and the Supreme Court
of the United S'.ates decided that where the
payment of its judgment depended upon an
appropriation afterward to b&made it was not
a final judgment from which an appeal can
be taken to the Supreme Court of the Uni-
ted States. The Senator from Vermont now
proposes a provision which will prevent an
appeal in a case from the Court of Claims
to .the Supreme Court of the United States.
He says that his proposition is that a judg-
ment shall not be paid where the court finds
that the party in whose favor the judgment is
gave aid and comfort to the enemies of the
United States during the late war. I under-
stand that that is his proposition. Now, does
not the Senator from Vermont know that the
court is bound to find the party loyal before
it can enter any judgment; that loyalty is a
jurisdictional fact; that the court cannot move
a step, it cannot hear a case till the party first
establishes his loyalty ? Why, let me read the
act of 1863:
" Thatin order to authorize the said court to render
ajudKinent in favor of any claimant, if a citizen of
the United States, it shall bo set forth in tbe petition
that the claimant, and the original and every prior
owner thereof where the claiui has been assigned,
has at all times borne true allegiance to the Gov-
ernment of tho United States, and, whether a citizen
or not, that ho has not in any way voluntarily aided,
abetted, or given encouragement to rebellion
against the said Government, which allegations
may be traversed by tho Government, and if on the
trial such issue shall be decided against the claimant,
his petition shall be dismissed."
Why, sir, before Mr. Lamar, who seems to
have frightened my friend from Vermont, can
get into court to be heard at all, he must
establish his loyaity, and his claim is to be
dimissed, according to the act of Congress,
unless be does.
Mr. CARPENTER. I wish to ask for in-
formation whether it is under that aet that the
Supreme Court has decided that if a man did
participate in the rehellion but has been par-
doned by the President, or is covered by the
amnesty of Congress, he is entitled to main-
tain his suit?
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Supreme Court
decides the act to be unconstitutional, we can-
not make it constitutional by reiterating it.
Mr. CARPENTER. I know the Senator
does not want to evade the precise point I
seek information upon. I want to know if
the Supreme Court have nbt decided, under
that section, (while conceding that Congress
may limit this jurisdiction and confine it to
persons who did not in fact give aid to the
Government,) that if a man has received the
President's pardon he may maintain suit?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not know of any
such decision, and do not understand that
they have made any such. I understand that
they decided that what was known as the
Drake amendment, palpably unconstitutional
upon its face, was unconstitutional; but it was
not this provision at all. I have not the de-
cision before me. If the Senator from Wis-
consin knows of any such decision as he has
stated he can produce it. I will state what I
understand to be -what the Supreme Court
decided to be unconstitutional. If the Sen-
ator frcm Wisconsin will listen I will read to
him what I understand the court did decide
to be unconstitutional, and I think he will
say very properly, and I would, too. This is
a part of what is known as the Drake amend-
ment, which I am about to read:
"That whenever any pardon shall have heretofore
been granted by the President of the United States
to any person bringing suit in the Court of Claims
for the proceeds of abandoned or captured property
under the said act approved March 12, 1863. and the
acts amendatory of the same, and such pardon shall
recite, in substanee, that such person took part in
tho late rebellion against the Government of the
United States, or was guilty of any act of rebellion
against or disloyalty to the United States, and such
pardon shall have been accepted in writing by the
person to whom the same issued, wi thout an express
disclaimer of and protestation againstsuch fact of
guilt contained in sueh acceptance, such pardon and
acceptance shall be taken and deemed in suoh suit
in the said Court of Claims, and on appeal therefrom,
conclusive evidence that such person did take part
in and give aid and comfort to the late rebellion,
and did not maintain true allegiance or consistently
adhere to the United States; and on proof of such
pardon and acceptance, which proof may be heard
summarily on motion or otherwise, the jurisdiction
of the court in the case shall cease, and the court
shall forthwith dismiss the suit of such claimant."
Now, I understand the Supreme Court did
hold that to be unconstitutional, and I think
very properly, declaring that a pardon which
was issued and accepted by a person, unless
that person disclaimed in writing at the time
of the acceptance that it was untrue, should
be conclusive proof that he had given aid and
comfort to the rebellion. We all know that
after tbe war closed the people in the South
were very uncertain as to their condition ;
they were apprehensive that their whole prop-
erty might be forfeited; and parties desirous-
of protection received pardons. I myself was
told of a case of a lady eighty years of age
who received a pardon ; and that, according
to this law, would be conclusive evidence that
she had given aid and comfort to the rebellion,
unless she protested in writing when the par-
don was sent to her that she had not! Such
a provision as that was unjust, and in my judg-
ment unconstitutional.
Mr. HOWE. I wish to ask for information
one question. I do not understand that we
have the Drake amendment before us now,
but the amendment of the Senator from Ver-
mont ; and I ask the Senator from Illinois
whether, without the amendment moved by
the Senator from Vermont, the law as adjudi-
cated to-day in the Court of Claims is not that
a pardon of the President or an act of
amnesty passed by Congress is equivalent to
proof of loyalty during the rebellion ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do notso understand
it ; I do not know whether it is so or not; but
if it be so, if the Supreme Court has so decided,
we cannot change it by any legislation of ours.
I know what the statutes are, and I will read
