1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
to tbe Senator from Wisconsin the statutes
before I sit down.
My attention was called to the Drake amend-
ment and away from the line of remark I
should have made by an interruption of the
Senator's colleague, and now I am interrupted
again to know what has been decided. I am
not prepared to state the precise decision of
the Supreme Court and how far it has gone.
I have not looked at it recently, but I under-
stand that court has held the Drake amend-
ment to be unconstitutional, and it was upon
that that the court passed. But that is draw-
ing me fron} the line of remark I was about
to make upon the amendment of the Senator
from Vermont. When I get through that, if
the Senator from Wisconsin wants to discuss
the Drake amendment or the decisions of the
Supreme Court we can have them here, and
by refreshing our recollections on reading
them we shall be able to ascertain exactly
what has been decided.
Mr. HOWE. Let me say by way of ex-
planation to the Senator from Illinois that I
do not want to discuss either ; I do not want
to withdraw him from the line of remark per-
tinent to the amendment; and if he will allow
me to put one more question I will draw him
to the line of the amendment if I can by a
question. The question I put now is, laying
out of view what has been decided by the
Court of Claims or the Supreme Court, in his
opinion, upon the law as it stands to-day,
without the amendment, is proof of loyal acts
necessary in order to recover in the Court of
Claims?
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senator will have
patience he will learn what my opinions are
before I sit down. I will try to express them
as clearly as I can.
Mr. HOWE. I will study patience, then.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The law making it a
jurisdictional fact in the court declares that
the petition must set forth " that the claimant,
and the original and every prior owner thereof
where the claim has been assigned," "has not
in any way voluntarily aided, abetted, or given
encouragement to rebellion against the said
Government, which allegations may be tra-
versed by the Government; and if on the trial
such issue shall be decided against the claimant,
his petition shall be dismissed." I think that
is as strong as we can make it, and the Court,
of Claims has no jurisdiction of a case where
the party has not been loyal. If the Supreme
Court of the United States decides that a par-
don makes a man loyal, I do not think that
reiterating that law will change it. Now, sir, I
come to a subsequent statute, drawn by the
colleague of the Senator who offers this
amendment. In 1868 we tried to make that
provision of law still more specific ; and I
now read from the act of 1868:
"That whenever it shall be material in any suit
or claim before any court to ascertain whether any
person did or did not give any aid or comfort to the
late rebellion"—
and it is material in every case in the Court
of Claims, because the fact of loyalty must be
alleged in the petition—
"the claimant or party asserting the loyalty of
any such person to the United States dnrmg such
rebellion shall be required to prove amimatively
that such person did, during said rebellion, consist-
ently adhere to the United States, and did givo no
aid or comfort to persons engaged in said rebellion;
and the voluntary residence of any such person m
any place where, at any time during such residence,
the rebel torce or organization held sway, snail be
prima fucie evidence that such person did give aid
and comfort to said rebellion and to the persons
engaged therein,"
Then, Mr. President, we have a statute, in
the first place, declaring that a party shall have
no standing in the Court of Claims without
asserting his loyalty ill his petition and mak-
ing that a traversible fact; and then another
statute declaring that his residence in a State
that was in insurrection shall be taken as prima
facie evidence of his disloyalty, requiring him
lo prove affirmatively that lie was loyal. That
is our law now, and I am willing to rest upon
that law.
These are the statutes of the United States.
I have not the decision of the Supreme Court
of the United States before me, and I do not
know that it has ever made a decision in con-
flict with these statutes at all. I suspect the
decision is as much misunderstood as the Sen-
ator from Vermont is mistaken in pressing this
amendment, as if without it provision was to
be made to pay disloyal claimants. I suspect
that the decision will not be found to go to
the length of denying the authority of Con-
gress to fix the jurisdiction of the Court of
Claims.
Mr. TH L'HMAN. If it will not interrupt
the Senator from Illinois, will he let me state
what that decision was?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Certainly.
Mr. THURMAN. The decision of the Su-
preme Court was simply this: that what is the
effect of a pardon is a judicial question, under
the Constitution of the United States, and
that Congress has no power to legislate, requir-
ing the courts to decide that in any particular
way. That is all." It does not touch the ques-
tion whether we may require loyalty as a con-
dition to the capacity to maintain a suit in the
Court of Claims.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That was what I sup-
Mr. SCOTT. Will the Senator from Ohio
allow me to ask him a question?"
Mr. TROMBULL. The Senators may wish
to carry on a discussion. I will yield to one,
but I cannot yield to a debate between the
Senator from Pennsylvania and the Senator
from Ohio. The decision as stated by the
Senator from Ohio is about what 1 supposed.
That had reference to what was known as the
Drake amendment, which undertook to state
the effect of a pardon and to make it conclu-
sive on a party. The court decided, and very
properly, that amendment to be unconstitu-
tional. But that has not changed the law as
to the jurisdiction of the Court of Claims.
We have statutes now which prohibit any but
loyal claimants from asserting their rights in
the Court of Claims ; and if the amendment
of the Senator from Vermont means anything,
it means an attempt on the part of Congress
to put itself in conflict with the decision of
the Supreme Court of the United States, and
I move to lay it on the table.
Tbe PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Ferry,
of Michigan, in the chair.) The Senator from
Illinois moves to lay the motion on the table.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Not to lay the motion
to reconsider on the table. I thought the
amendment had been reconsidered.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. No ; it has
not been reconsidered. The question is on
the reconsideration.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not move to lay
that on the table.
Mr. THURMAN. I do not know but that
an apology is necessary, after the very clear
statement of the Senator from Illinois, for say-
ing a word more about this question; but the
truth is that, as the law now stands it does
seem to-me that this amendment of the Sen-
ator from Vermont, if it were adopted, would
simply have the effect to impose upon the
Court of Claims a duty that does not now rest
upon it. Let us see what this amendment is:
Provided, That in rendering any judgment in
favor of any claimant under the act of March 12,
1863, tho said court shall find the amount due-
Mark that. That is one thing that this act,
if passed, makes it the imperative duty of the
court to find. It will make it the imperative
duty of the court to find the amount due.
Then it will become its further duty—
and shall also find and state whether or not said
claimant had proved that he rendered no aid or
comfort to the rebellion; and where such claimant
shall have failed to prove that he had not rendered
such aid or comfort, no judgment of said court snail
be paid until a special appropriation therotor shall
be made by Congress.
The implication, if not the positive effect,
of this section is to repeal the law as it now
stands which prohibits that court from ren-
dering any judgment in favor of a disloyal
man, and to require the court notwithstanding
his disloyalty to render a judgment in his
favor for the amount that is due, and at the
same time to certify that he was disloval and
then the matter is to be remitted to Congress. '
As the law now stands, when the court find
that a claimant was disloyal they go no fur-
ther ; they do not find the amount due to him ;
they stop at once; he has no standing in court
and his petition must be dismissed; but the
effect of the amendment of the Senator from
Vermont is, notwithstanding the court has
found him to be disloyal, that the court shall
go further and find the amount due, and not
only find the amount due, but render judg-
ment for it, and then it is to come before Con-
gress for special consideration. In other
words, the amendment of the Senator from
Vermont is far more favorable to disloyal men
than the law as it now stands.
Mr. SCOTT. I suppose that a discussion
of whether the Drake amendment was consti-
tutional i3 entirely unnecessary at this time,
and the ouly reason that a discussion of the
law of the case haB any relevancy whatever to
tbe question presented is to ascertain the pro;
priety of enacting such a legislative provision
to meet these judgments. Now, my recol-
lection of the law of the case, upon the de-
cisions as they have been made, is simply this:
that while the Supreme Court did decide that
the acceptance of a pardon was not evidence
of disloyalty, as the Drake amendment made
it to be, but that tbe effect of that pardon was
a judicial question, they went further and
decided not simply that the pardon removed
the evidence of former disloyalty, but that it
placed the citizen who produced it in a better
position than the man upon whom this statute
imposed the pardon of affirmatively proving
his loyalty. In other words, the production
of the pardon was evidence that from that
moment the man was loyal, whereas the man
who had never been in a position to require a
pardon was under the necessity of going into
the Court of Claims to give affirmative proof
of his loyalty under the act of 1868. The plain
effect of it was that if a man who-had been in
the rebellion and received a pardon went into
the Court of Claims, all that was necessary for
him in order to bring himself within the
statutes was to produce bis pardon, and that
was evidence of his right to sue, whereas the
loyal man had to give evidence of his loyalty.
I have sent out for this decision, but it has not
come in yet, and I state what is, according to
my recollection of the decision, the effect of it.
That being the case, the question comes
back whether we should permit the judgment
of the Court of Claims to have immediate
effect in the case of men who were actively
participating in the rebellion and who bad to
be pardoned for the purpose of enabling them
to go into that court. There may be many
cases in which it would be proper to pay;
there may be many cases in which there would
be no objection on the part of Congress to
paying such men; but on tbe other hand
there may be many cases in which Congress
would never give its sanction to an appropria-
tion for the purpose of paving specifically a
judgment which the Court of Claims found
itself obliged to render because a pardon had
been produced and upon that the man had
stood as the evidence of his loyalty.
I go into no discussion whatever about the
case to which the Senator from Vermont has
referred or any other special case; hut I
would prefer taking a case as an illustration.
Suppose, for instance, the man who com-
manded the Alabama had owned large amounts
of cotton and had procured a pardon at the
close of the rebellion and he came into the
Court of Claims and produced his pardon and
