1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3
matter, and we ought to understand precisely
what it is.
Mr. HAMLIN. Then I submit my amend-
ment, thai it may go along with the resolution
and be printed with it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Maine was recognized, and he moves to
amend the resolution by striking out the word
"suspended" and inserting ''abrogated."
The Senator from California moves to post-
pone the resolution and amendment until to-
morrow, and that they be printed, together
with the two rules relating to the subject.
The motion was agreed to.
reappointment of conference committees.
Mr. SCOTT. I offer the following resolu-
tion, and ask for its present consideration:
Retolved, That in all cases where committees of
conference were asked or granted by the Senate
upon the disagreeing votes of the two Houses upon
any bill at the last session, and where sueh com-
mittees have not reported, or where, having made
report, the report was not disposed of by the Senate
at that session, the conferees on the part of the
Senate then appointed be, and they are hereby,
reappointed.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I think that may involve
legislating on a question that is already well
settled by parliamentary law. I think the
resolution had better lie over for considera-
tion, as there is no haste for it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It requires
unanimous consent to consider it this day. It
will lie over, objection being made.
order of business. '
Mr. SUMMER. Mr. President, is it in
order to call up a bill for action ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. That will de-
pend upon the Senate.
Mr. SUMNER. I move, then, that the Sen-
ate proceed with the consideration of Senate
bill No. 1102. which is on the Calendar.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Is that in order under
the twenty first joint rule ?
Mr. POMEROY. I was abont to submit
the question to the Chair whether it was not
in conflict with the rule which I have tried to
have suspended. j
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair him- '
self makes no point of order; but the point
of order being made, the Chair must state to
the Senator from Massachusetts——
Mr. POMEROY. I make the point of
order that this is in conflict with the twenty-
first joint rule as it has been construed in this
body.
Mr. SUMNER. Do I understand that the
ruling in this body is applicable to a Senate
bill, or simply applicable to a House bill which
is moved in the Senate?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is applicable
to a Senate bill as well as a House bill, for
the reason that the twenty-first joint rule
states—
" After six days from the commencement of a
second or subsequent session of Congress, all bills,
resolutions, or reports which originated in either
House, and at the close of the next preceding ses-
sion remained undetermined in either House, shall
be resumed and acted on in the same manner as if
an adjournment had not taken place."
If it read, " which originated in the other
House," then the motion of the Senator
would be in older, this being a Senate bill;
but as a bill originating " in either House " is
to be governed "in either House" by this
ruie, it inhibits action on Senate bills as well
as House bills by the construction uniformly
placed on it in the Senate.
Mr. SUMNER. Then, if I understand the
Chair, it will not be in order to move this bill
for consideration for six days, unless the
twenty-first joint rule he suspended.
The VICE t'liESIDEN 1'. That is the effect
ofthe ruling which has previously been adopted
by the Senate, but the Senate may change
that ruling. 1 be Chair is willing at anytime,
as he elated two years ago, to submit the ques-
tion to the action of the Senate without mak-
ing any decision himself upon it, so that they
can decide on this apparent conflict of their
rules. It is for the Senate to decide the con-
j> struction of their rules tor themselves.
I Mr. SUMNEH. A Senator asks me what
the bill is. I will read its title : "A bill sup-
plementary to 8n act entitled 'An act to pro-
tect all citizens of the United States in their
civil rights, and to furnish the means for their
vindication,' " passed April 9, 1£66. This is
familiarly known as the civil rights bill; and 1
now give notice that I shall call it up at the
earliest possible moment. I have made this
attempt to day. I did hope that there would
be no impediment to immediate action on this
bill, that it might become forthwith the law of
the land.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Massachusetts gives notice that he will, as early
as possible under the rules, call up what is
called the supplementary civil rights bill.
Mr. POMEROY. I desire the Senator from
Massachusetts to understand that I do not
make the point of order because I have any
objection to the bill 
Mr. SUMNER- I know the Senator is a
friend of the bill and will help it.
Mr. POMEROY. I am for the bill, but
I want the rule applied uniformly or else
suspended.
notification to the president.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move that the Senate
take a recess for half an hour.
Mr. SHERMAN. Have we been notified
of the organization of the House ? ["No!"]
Then the proper time to make that motion
will be after we have received that notification
from the House.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair is
informed by the Secretary that a quorum of the
House of Representatives was found to be in
attendance just as he left the House, whither
he went with a message from this body.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I withdraw the motion.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask the Presiding Officer
if there is any objection to taking up the reso-
ution of the Senator from New York now?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair thinks i
I not. Either body can initiate that proceeding. I
Mr. SHERMAN. I move to take up that
resolution.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Ohio moves that the Senate proceed to
the consideration of the resolution offered by
1 the Senator from New York.
Mr. CONKLING. I am instructed by an
older Senator that it would be more appropri-
ate for the Senate to know officially that the
other House is in existence, and I allowed it
to lie for that reason.
Mr. SHERMAN. I asked the Presiding
Officer if it was usual, and he said either House
could originate it.
Mr. CONKLING. I have no objection. I
suffered the resolution to lie on information
that it would be more appropriate to wait for
a message from the House of Representatives.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The notification
to the Executive can be initiated by either
House ; but the resolution can remain on the
table if any Senator desires to wait for the
other House. ["No!"] Then the question is
on the motion of the Senator from Ohio to
proceed to the consideration of the resolution.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
proceeded to consider the following resolution,
submitted by Mr. Conkling:
Resolved, That a committee consisting of two mem-
bers be appointed to join auch committee as may be
appointed by the House of Representatives, to wait
upon the President, of the United States and inform
him that a quorum of each House is assembled, and
that Congress is ready to receive any communica-
tion he may be pleased to make.
The resolution was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. How shall the
committee be appointed ? ["' By the Chair."]
The Chair appoints the Senator from New
York [Mr. Conkmng] and the Senator from
Ohio, [Mr. Thurman.]
recess.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I now move that the
Senate take a recess for half an hour.
Mr. CRAGIN. Say till halfpast or
o'clock.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is just as agreeabls
to me ; that, will be an hour.
Ihe VICE PRESIDEN T. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Vermont,,
that the Senate take a recess until halt past
one o'clock.
The motion was agreed to; and at halfpast
twelve o'clock the Senate took a recess till
half past one o'clock.
The Senate was again called to order at
half past one o'clock p. m.
organization of the iiou8k.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Hon. Edward McPher-
son, its Clerk, as follows:
Mr. President, I have been directed to
inform the Senate that a quorum of the House
of Representatives has assembled, and that the
House is now ready to proceed to business.
The House has passed a resolution directing
the appointment of a committee on the part
of the House, to join such committee as may be
appointed on the part of the Senate, to wait
on the President of the United States and
inform him that a quorum of the two Houses
has assembled, and that Congress is ready to
receive any communication he may be pleased
to make ; and has appointed Mr. Horace May-
nard of Tennessee, Mr. James N. Ttner of
Indiana, and Mr. C. N. Potter of New York,
the committee on the part ofthe House.
The message also announced that the House
! had passed the following concurrent reso-
lution:
Resolved by the Bouse of Representative , (the
i Senate concurring,) In view #f the recent death of
Horace Greeley, for whom at the late election moro
1 than three million votes were cast for President,
that record be made in the Journals of Congress of
appreciation of the eminent services, personal
purity, and worth of the deceased, and of the sad
impression created by his death, following keen
family bereavement.
death of horace greeley.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
lay before the Senate a concurrent resolution
from the House of Representatives, which will
be reported by the Secretary.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Resolved by the House of Representatives, (the Sen-
ate concurring,) In view of the recent death of
Horace Greeley, for whom at the late election more
than three million votes were cast for President,
that record be made in the Journals of Congress of
appreciation of the eminent services, personal
purity, and worth of the deceased, and of the sad
impression created by his death, following keen
family bereavement.
Mr. FENTON. Mr. President, I ask that
that resolution may be at once considered by
the Senate and acted upon.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is now before
the Senate unless objection be made to its
present com-ideraiion, and the question is
upon agreeing to it. Is the Senate ready for
the question ?
The resolution was adopted unanimously.
president's annual message.
Mr. CONKLING. The committee appointed
by the Senate to inform the President, of the
United States of the presence of a quorum,
and its readiness to receive any communica-
tion he may have to make, has the honor to
report that it has discharged its duty, and been
informed by the President that he will com-
municate with the Senate forthwith in writing.
Mr. 0. E. Babcock, the Private Secretary
of the President, then appeared below the bar
and said : Mr. President, I am directed by
the President of the United States to deliver
to the Senate a message in writing.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair sub
