1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
967
as the powers of the court, and it has vested
in the Executive the right to grant pardons;
and I do understand that it is not in the power
of Congress to fritter away the effect of the
pardon which the Constitution authorizes tlie
Executive to grant. If it is, then they may
destroy the pardoning power and subvert one
of the clauses of the Constitution of the United
States, under which Congress assembles and
acts. So much for the effect of a pardon.
Now, I should like to ask the Senator from
Vermont and the Senator from Pennsylvania
whether they are for violating the faith of the
President and the faith of Congress both?
When a person has offended against them,
and they say to him " if you will do thus and
so I forgive your offense," I ask them as
honest men if they can then.turn around to
the person to whom they have said they would
forgive the offense after he has performed the
act they required of him, and enforce anjr
penalty against him for the commission of
the offense? The Congress of the United
States by its solemn act authorized the Presi-
dent to issue a proclamation relieving certain
parties during the rebellion from the effect of
their rebellion, the conditions to be imposed
by the President of the United States; and in
pursuance of that authority given by Congress
and of the constitutional power vested in the
President,. Abraham Lincoln, on the 8th day
of December, 1863, issued a proclamation
reciting that, whereas Congress had authorized
the President, at any time after the passage
of a certain act which had previously been
enacted, "by proclamation to extend to per-
sons who may have participated in the exist-
ing rebellion in any State or part thereof
pardon and amnesty, with such exceptions
and at such times and on such conditions as
he may deem expedient for the public wel-
fare," and going on to proclaim :
"Therefore, I, Abraham Lincoln, President of the
United States, do proclaim, declare, and make
known to all persons who have, directly or by im-
plication, participated in the existing rebellion,
except as hereinafter excepted, that a full pardon
is hereby granted to them and each of them, with
restoration of all rights of property except as to
slaves, and in property cases where rights of third
parties shall have intervened, and upon the condi-
tion that every such person shall take and subscribe
an oath, and thenceforward keep and maintain said
oath inviolate."
That proclamation was issued in the midst
of the war, and I would like to ask the Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania and the Senator from
Vermont with what faith they can now say to
an individual who, in pursuance of that proc-
lamation, laid down his opposition to the Gov-
ernment and took sides with the Union that he
is to have his property forfeited ? And because
the Supreme Court of the United States has
said that this power was in the President, and
that the effect of a pardon is a judicial ques-
tion, are we now to go to work to destroy the
efficacy of a pardon and to violate our own
plighted faith ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. May I ask of
the Senator from Illinois permission to make
a suggestion ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Undoubtedly.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Then I un-
derstand the position of the Senator from
Illinois to be this: that every man in the South
who has accepted the condition of that proc-
lamation, 110 matter though ^ his sins be as
scarlet as regarded his works in the rebellion,
is to have the benefit and stand in the same
position in our courts as though he had never
been a rebel at all.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, I do say
that in reference to every man who accepted
that proclamation, laid down his hostility, and
united according to the terms of theproclama-
tion with the supporters of the Union, 11 it
does not mean that, it means nothing. We
held it out to the people of the South ; and
what sort of faith is that, I ask the Senator
from Vermont—it is worse than Punic faith
that would say to a people in rebellion against
the Government, "Lay down your arms and
you shall be pardoned and your property
restored to you," and then when they had laid
down their arms and submitted to your author-
ity would insist upon forfeiting their property
contrary to the faith you pledged them? Is
the Senator from Vermont prepared to say
that ho will do it?
Mr. SCOTT. As the Senator from Illinois
has appealed to me, permit me to ask him a
question in response to his. Suppose the
case of a man who, instead of accepting the
amnesty proffered by that proclamation, con-
tinued in arms .and gave all the influence of
his wealth and of his name to the rebellion
while it lasted and accepted a pardon after it
closed, which is the case to which the Senator
from Vermont refers, is he willing that that
man shall have the same standing in the Court
of Claims and get his money upon a judgment
just as we would give it to the man who fought
all through the war on our own side ? That
seems to be another question.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, it is not
the answering of one question to ask another.
The Senator from Pennsylvania, instead of
answering the question which I put, whether
he is ready to violate the plighted faith of his
country through the Executive and Congress
both, puts to me another question. The
amendment of the Senator from Vermont pro-
poses to violate the plighted faith of Congress
and the President both; and when I ask the
Senators if they are prepared to do that, I am
then turned upon and inquired of as to what I
would do with a man who did not comply with
the proclamation. Well, I do not propose, I
will say to the Senator from Vermont, to pay
the men who did not comply with the proc-
lamation and who fought against us for prop-
erty that was destroyed during the war. I
have never advocated any such proposition
as that.. I am not for giving that class of men
a standing in court. I am willing to stand
by the law, which makes loyalty necessary to
obtain jurisdiction in the Court of Claims.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Do you mean loyalty to
be proved by a pardon?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I care not how it is
proved. You cannot by legislation define the
effect of a pardon, let me say to my friend
from Vermont; you cannot by legislation
fritter away the effect of a pardon. I am for
standing by the plighted faith of the country,
and I say it would be in my judgment dis-
graceful now to violate that proclamation and
the terms of it, issued iu strict conformity to
the law and the Constitution by President
Lincoln in 1863. I say that those people who
complied with its terms are entitled to have
their property restored to them, and for any
one to say that he will not restore it, in my
judgment, is breaking the faith of the nation.
Mr. EDMUNDS. May I ask a question?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Certainly ; I am
through.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If the Senator from Illi-
nois had not concluded so suddenly that beau-
tiful peroration of his, which almost made me
shed tears, I should have asked him this ques-
tion: the captured and abandoned property
act of 1863 having made the test loyalty in
fact, having declared that any person entitled
to a status in the Court of Claims for captured
property must prove that he continuously bore
true allegiance to the United States as a mat-
ter of truth, not as a matter of legal deduc-
tion, and having meant that, does he under-
stand that by anything that has taken place
since we have reversed that statute of the
United States and have authorized the Pres-
ident of the United States or anybody else
to declare that men should have property
that had been captured and disposed of by
the United States restored^ to them, although
they did not bear loyalty in fact to the Uni-
ted States, but exactly the reverse ? I feel
pretty sure that the Senator would have an-
swered that question two years ago, when
we had the last screed over this subject, if
that was the time, in the negative and would
have said, as I believe he said then, that he
would go as far as the rest of us in carrying
out the true intent and meaning of the cap-
tured and abandoned property act, and that
he then understood, that meaning to be that
Congress was looking to a fact and not to a
consequence of law, and. that we did not intend
to authorize the Court of Claims to try the
claims of people who had been rebellious in
fact, whatever may have been their condition
afterward in respect to a legal conclusion as
to penalties.
Now, sir, let. us see for a single moment
whether the honorable Senator from Illinois
is quite right when he tells us that we have
plighted our faith in respect to claims of this
character to a restoration of the value of prop-
erty which had been captured by the arms of
the United States in the hands of the enemy
from the hands of the enemy and turned into
the Treasury. Let us see exactly what this
faith is, if it will not be too annoying to those
who believe that a pardon is the best possible
evidence of everlasting purity, and find out
exactly where we are.
The acts of Congress which authorized the
President of the United States to grant par-
dons and to grant amnesty authorized him to
grant pardons and amnesty "with such ex-
ceptions"—now I am quoting the very Ian-,
guage upon which the President of the United
States, Johnson, (for whom my honorable
friend always seems to have had rather a tender
sympathy,) based his proclamation; I take his
statement of the law without going back to it, in
order that I shall be sure to take the most
favorable statement for the consideration of
my friend from Illinois; " the President was
thereby authorized at any time thereafter,
by proclamation, to extend to persons who
may have participated in the existing rebellion,
in any State or part thereof, pardon and am-
nesty with such exceptions and at such times
and on such conditions as he may deem ex-
pedient to the public welfare." Very well.
Now does the honorable Senator from Illinois
stand up here as the chief lawyer of the coun-
try and undertake to tell you that we have
conferred on the President any power to re-
store anything to anybody ? Not by any
means. What we authorized the President to
do as he states it himself, and I have no doubt
he states it truly in reciting the acts of Con-
gress 
Mr. TRUMBULL. Who states it?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Abraham Lincoln.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then take back what
you said about Johnson.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Not at all. I still must
state, to use an expression that I hope will
not be offensive to my friend, (for he has only
read, I take it, as most convenient, the procla-
mation of Lincoln,) that the later proclama-
tions of Johnson, upon which all these ques-
tions occur, are the real ones which dispose
of this money out of the Treasury according
to the notions of my friend. Mr. Lamar, ana
Mr. Tom, Dick, and Harry, whoever they may
be, did not get their certificates from Abraham
Liucoln, a citizen of the Senator's own State ;
they got them from Andrew Johnson under
circumstances of very extraoidinary peculiar-
ity, if I may use a double expression of that
kind; and so I feel that I have not done my
honorable friend any injustice when I repeat
that his sympathies with Mr. Johnson are such
that he might be disposed, it may be, to look
with a little more favor upon the acts of that
President than upon those of the former one
who came from the State of Illinois and in
respect to whom the Senator from Illinois was
never suspected of having had any very ex-
cessive sympathy or friendship.
Mr. President, while I am about it ana 1
am very much obliged to a friend who sits
near me for recalling it to my attention 1
may refer to the fact that these proclamations
