968
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 30,
of Johnson, under whose proclamations these
men claim, were made the subject of an in-
quiry in this body, and the Committee on the
Judiciary, which was then honored with having
at its head my honorable friend from Illinois,
investigated that subject, and, as I now be-
lieve, without having the record before me to
be sure that I am right, by a unanimous report—
uot dissented from even by the honorable Sen-
ator from Indiana, Mr. Hendricks, then the
representative of the Opposition in this body
in that committee—reported to this body, and
so far as we could then see, although no formal
vote was taken upon it, with universal acqui-
escence and approval, that Mr. Andrew John-
son had exceeded hia powers entirely in issu-
ing these proclamations of pardons and
amnesty after we had repealed the statute
under which Mr. Lincoln acted in making this
earlier proclamation, which has nothing what-
ever to do with the case of these persons, or
the most of them, who are now making these
claims, and that he had no more power to
make a proclamation of amnesty, to pardon
by proclamation everybody whom he chose to
designate in that general way, than any one of
us had. In other' words, the committee re-
ported that the Constitution of the United
States did not confer upon the President, in-
dependent of a statute conferring it upon him,
which we had repealed, any power to grant
-amnesty, which is an entirely different thing
from the pardon of a particular person for a
particular offense.
But now, to come back to what is the effect
of any of these proclamations authorized by
the statute while they were, and authorized or
not, afterward, the Congress of the United
States authorized the President to say that
there should be pardon and amnesty to rebels
" upon such conditions" as he might impose.
A condition is something which operates as a
limitation upon the thing granted. A condi-
tion never enlarges the thing that you are to
grant or to give ; it always restricts it; and
every lawyer, and every sensible man, whether
a lawyer or not, knows it. I accept an in-
vitation to dine upon condition. That is not
designed to make the dinner any better ; it is
not designed that I shall have two dinners in-
stead of one. I of course use this illustration
as being the one most familiar to the Senate.
[Laughter.] _
It is a limitation subject, to (he fact of my
having another engagement, or whatever it may
be. That illustrates it perfectly. Here the
President of the United States is authorized
to do a particular thing, which has a special
deiinition and scope in the law, and that is to
grant an amnesty or a pardon or both. lie
may doit upon a condition, if he chooses. Now
the Senator from Illinois undertakes to make
out, though he lias not said so in terms—he is
altogether loo bright for that, but that is the
impression he leaves or wishes to leave upon
the minds of the Senate—that this authority
to grant, an amnesty upon a condition author-
ized the President of ihe United States to add
to the legal effect of this pardon or amnesty,
which was to purge the offender, if it was law
fully granted, from the crime he had committed,
that other declaration upon which he standf, a
restoration of rights that had been lost and of
property that had been destroyed ; and there
is where the logic of my honorable friend
fails. The Congress of the [Jmted States
never undertook to authorize the President
to restore anything to anybody. It did, I con-
cede, authorize him to grant an amnesty or a
pardon ; and then I concede, as the honorable
Senator contends, that whatever the legal
result of that was as an amnesty or a pardon,
the person was entitled to, and I will stand by
the public faith, as General Jackson said, as
I understand it, side by side with the Senator
from Illinois, and as long as he will stand by
the public faith. But when the President of
the United States, in granting a paidon to a
particular man, or to a class of men, says that
they shall have a part of my money, or that
they shall take all the money in the Treasury
out of it, under the pretense that he is granting
amnesty upon condition, I say no; he has
altogether overstepped his powers when he
undertakes to do a thing of that kind.
What is the legal effect, then, of an amnesty
or a pardon? Is it to take out of the Treasury
of the United States the value of property that
has been captured in open war? No man can
produce an authority which will show that, ex-
cept that particular one which has given rise to
all this discussion. Nowhere else can youfind a
statement of any such thing, and even there I
should do great injustice to the Supreme
Court of the United States if I were to say
that they had held that, against the will of Con-
gress, such a result was to follow ; butthey said
that they considered that we must have meant
by the act of 1863—the captured and aban-
doned property act—that when a man was
pardoned or amnestied, or whatever it may be,
we intended that the true allegiance which he
had borne to the United States was satisfied
and proved by producing a pardon; not that
they believed that that was our intention in
fact, but they say by a construction of law—
what you might call a fiction of law without
any great stretch of phrase—the man who was
before criminal was proved to a conclusive
demonstration to have been always innocent,
and therefore we intended to give him back that
money. Now, the Senator from Illinois says
that, he does not quite go that length. He says
he does not mean to give back to people from
whom we captured property in open arms the
fruits of that property, if I correctly under-
stand him. And yet that is exactly this case.
Here were these two provisions in the statute-
book, one declaring specially that no cap-
tured or abandoned property or its proceeds
should be restored except through the Court
of Claims and except to those persons who
had in truth and in fact served on the side of
the country and not on the side of the rebel-
lion ; and the Supreme Court say and this
proclamation says that this really after all
means and that we intended to do exactly the
reverse.
Now, you can construe these two acts and
this proclamation together without the least
difficulty. We have not declared even that the
man who has been pardoned is not entilled to
receive the value of the property which we
captured from hira? although I do not think he
is. We have only said to him: "We will not give
you the regular tribunals of the country that
we give to other people who deal with us upon
contracts; if you claim that as a consequence
of your pardon or your amnesty you are en-
titled to any restoration of something we have
captured Iromyoti, you shall come to the rep-
resentatives of the people and of the States,
and stand upon your own cause and your own
equity here." That is all we have said.
So, then, I think my friend is a little too
eager, his zeal has a little outrun his discre-
tion, when he talks about a breach of plighted
faith, because we say even to one of the men
he is for, " You shall come to us for this relief
and you shall not go to the Court of Claims."
I never yet heard (though 1 suppose I shall
hear it) that the effect of a pardon was that a
pardon gave a man a constitutional right, inde-
pendent of any discretion on the part of Con-
gress, to bring a suit in the Court of Claims
and plunder the Treasury at his discretion.
Thfi Constitution is a little broader than I have
been taught to suppose it t.o be, if it means
that; and yet that is the result of theargument
of my friend. I beg him and I beg every Sen-
ator to remember the distinction which I re-
peat, that we are not declaring that Lamar
himself shall not have the proceeds of his cap-
tured property restored to him ; we are only
declaring that we will select the tribunal to
which he shall appeal, and that that tribunal
shall be the two Houses of Congress and not
the Court of Claims. That is all there is to it.
Mr. TEUMBULL. Mr. President,, the Sen-
ator from Vermont starts his legal argument
to show the effect of a pardon and the effect
of this proposed amendment by the statement
that Andrew Johnson made a proclamation
and that the Senator from Illinois, meaning
myself, had sympathy with Andrew Johnson.
I suppose, therefore, it alters the effect of a
pardon whether Andrew Johnson issued it or
somebody else I I think it does alter the effect
of a pardon if it is issued by one President
rather than another according to the view of
the Senator from Vermont, because the Sen-
ator from Vermont never says an unnecessary
word; he is a close reasoner, and he never
introduces extraneous matter: and in his view
as a lawyer it must have made a difference in
the effect of a pardon whether it was issued
by President Lincoln or President Johnson,
because he calls special attention to that point,
and says that I was in sympathy with Andrew
Johnson; therefore, of course, the pardon
would have a different effect if I was in sym-
pathy with Andrew Johnson and he issued the
proclamation!
But when the Senator came to look at the
signature at the end of the pardon he found
the name to be Abraham Lincoln, and then, in
order to strengthen his legal argument as to
the effect of a pardon, he proceeded to state
that it was never understood that the Senator
from Illinois had any particular sympathy
with Mr. Lincoln ; therefore his proclamation
could not amount to much and was to have an
effect in law different from what it would have
had if the Senator from Illinois had been in
sympathy with him! And so when I thought,
interrupting my friend from Vermont and
showing him that the proclamation was issued
by Mr. Lincoln instead of Mr. Johnson, that I
had turned the force of that legal proposition
of his, that it would makea difference, by show-
ing him that the very person whom he did not
suppose had signed it had done so, I found
that after all I was mistaken, and that the
effect of Mr. Lincoln's proclamation was en-
tirely destroyed because the Senator from Illi-
nois was not supposed to have been in sym-
pathy with him ! I do not know what author-
ity the Senator from Vermont had for his
assumption; but it is not very material; at
least I would not have supposed it very mate-
rial, if so astute a person as the Senator from
Vermont had not dwelt upon these two points
as important in the investigation of this legal
question.
Mr. President, I do not propose to go over
the argument again. I do not think that the
Senator from Vermont has answered it by these
forcible positions which he has assumed as to
the poclamation being issued by one President
or another or my being in sympathy with
one or another. He seems to suppose, how-
ever, that some gentleman by the name of
Lamar is to get into the Treasury, and he
says he never understood that the effect of a
paidon was to allow a man to go into the
Treasury and take money out of it. I do not
know that, I ever did either.
1 do notknowanythmgaboutthis Mr. Lamar;
but I will ask the Senator from Vermont if
he is quite sure that Mr. Lamar got his par-
don under Mr. Johnson? In my estimation
it would not make any difference whether the
pardon was issued by Mr. Johnson or by Mr.
Lincoln if it was done under the same law ;
and I do not recollect the particular report
made by the Judiciary Committee to which the
Senator refers. I have no donbt it was my
opinion, if I agreed to it, as expressed in the
report, and very probably that report is in entire
accord and harmony with everything I have said
on the present occasion. I infer from what the
Senator from Vermont says that that report, was
made after the law was repealed upon which
the proclamation was based which I read from,
and the rights of the President while that law
existed may have been different from the
rights of the President after it was repealed.
