1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ship and so many common sympathies, and
the other Powers of Europe, our relations are
maintained 011 the most friendly terms.
Since my last annual message the exchange
has been made of the ratifications of a treaty
with the Austro-Hungarian empire relatiug
to naturalization ; also of a treaty with the
German empire respecting cousuls and trade-
marks: also of a treaty with Sweden and
Norway relating to naturalization; all of
which treaties have been duly proclaimed.
Congress, at its last session, having made
an appropriation to defray the expense of
commissioners on the part of the United
States to the international statistical con-
gress at St. Petersburg, the persons appointed
in that character proceeded to their destina-
tion and attended the sessions of the Congress.
Their report shall in due season be laid before
you. This congress meets at intervals of
about three years, and has held its sessions
in several of the countries of Europe. I sub-
mit to your consideration the propriety of
extending an invitation to the congress to
hold its next meeting in the United States.
The centennial celebration to be held in 1876
would afford an appropriate occasion for such
meeting.
Preparations are making for the interna-
tional exposition to be held during the next
year in Vienna, ou a scale of very great mag-
nitude.
The tendeucy of these expositions is in the
direction of advanced civilization, and of the
elevation of industry and of labor, and of the
increase of human happiness, as well of greater
intercourse and good will between nations.
As this exposition is to be the first which
will have been held in eastern Europe, it is
believed that American inventors and manu-
facturers will be ready to avail themselves of
the opportunity for the presentation of their
productions if encouraged by proper aid and
protection.
At the last session of Congress authority
was given for the appointment of one or more ,
agents to represent this Government at the !
exposition. The authority thus given has
been exercised, but in the absence of any ap-
propriation there is danger that the important
benefits which the occasion offers will, in a
Urge degree, be lost to citizens of the United
States. I commend the subject strongly to
your consideration, and recommend that an
adequate appropriation be made for the pur-
pose.
To further aid American exhibitors at the
Vienna exposition, I would recommend, in
addition to an appropriation of money, that
the Secretary of the Navy be authorized to fit
up two naval vessels to transport between our j
Atlantic cities and Triest, or the most conven- I
ient port to Vienna and back, their articles !
for exhibition. j
Since your last session the president of the I
Mexican republic, distinguished by his high I
character and by his services to his country,
has died. His temporary successor has now
been elected with great unanimity by the peo-
ple, a proof of confidence on their part in his
patriotism and wisdom which it is believed
will be confirmed by the results of his admin-
istration. It is particularly desirable that
nothing should be left undone by the Govern-
ment of either republic to strengthen their
relations as neighbors and friends.
It is much to be regretted that many lawless
acts continue to disturb the quiet of the settle-
ments on the border between our territory
and that of Mexico, and that complaints of
wrongs to American citizens in various parts
of the country are made. .The revolutionary
condition in which the neighboring republic
has so long been involved has in some degree
contributed to this disturbance. It is to be
hoped that with a more settled rule of order
through the republic which may b§ expected
from the present Government, the acts of
which just complaint is made will cease.
The proceedings of the commission under
the convention with Mexico of the 4th of July,
1868, on the subject of claims, have unfor-
tunately been checked by an obstacle, for the
removal of which measures have been taken
by the two Governments which it is believed
will prove successful.
The commissioners appointed pursuant to
the joint resolution of Congress of the 7th of
May last, to inquire into depredations on the'
Texan frontier, have diligently made investi-
gations in that quarter. Their report upon the
subject will be communicated to you. Their
researches were necessarily incomplete, partly
on account of the limited appropriation made
by Congress.
Mexico, on the part of that Government,
has appointed a similar commission to investi-
gate these outrages. It is not announced offi-
cially, but the press of that country states that
the fullest investigation is desired, and that
the cooperation of all parties concerned is
invited to secure that end. I therefore recom-
mend that a special appropriation be made, at
the earliest day practicable, to enable the
commissioners on the part, of the United States
to return to their labors without delay.
It is with regret that I have again to announce
a continuance of the disturbed condition of the
Island of Cuba. No advance toward the pacifi-
cation of the discontented part of the popula-
tion has been made. While the insurrection
has gained no advantages and exhibits no more
of the elements of power or of the prospects
of ultimate success than were exhibited a year
ago, Spain, on the other hand, has not suc-
ceeded in its repression, and the parties stand
apparently in the same relative attitude which
they have occupied for a long time past.
This contest has lasted now for more than
four years. Were its scene at, a distance from
our neighborhood we might be indifferent to
its result, although humanity could not be
unmoved by many of its incidents wherever
they might occur. It is, however, at our door.
I cannot doubt that the continued mainten-
ance of slavery in Cuba is among the strongest
inducements to the continuance of this strife.
A terrible wrong is the natural cause of a
terrible evil. The abolition of slavery and the
introduction of other reforms in the admin-
istration of government in Cuba could not fail
to advance the restoration of peace and order.
It is greatly to be hoped that the present
liberal Government of Spain will voluntarily
adopt this view.
The law of emancipation which was passed
more than two years since has remained
unexecuted in the absence of regulations for
its enforcement. It was but a feeble step
toward emancipation, but it was the recognition
of right and was hailed as such, and exhibited
Spain in harmony with sentiments of humanity
and of justice, and in sympathy with the other
Powers of the Christian and civilized world.
Within the past few weeks the regulations
for carrying out the law of emancipation have
been announced, giving evidence of the sin-
cerity of intention of the present Government
to carry into effect the law of 1870. I have
not failed to urge the consideration of the
wisdom, the policy, and the justice of a more
effective system for the abolition of the great
evil which oppresses a race, and continues a
bloody and destructive contest close to our
border, as well as the expediency and the
justice of conceding reforms of which the
propriety is not questioned.
Deeply impressed with the conviction that
the continuance of slavery is one of the most
active causes of the continuance of the un-
happy condition in Cuba, I regret to believe
that citizens of the United States, or those
claiming tp be suoh, are large holders in Cuba
of what is there claimed as property, but
which is forbidden and denounced by the laws
of the United States.
They are thus, in defiance of the spirit of our
own laws, contributing to the continuance of
this distressing and sickening contest. In my
last annual message I referred to this subject,
and I again recommend such legislation as
may be proper to denounce ami, if not prevent,
at least to discourage American citizens from
holding or dealing in slaves.
It is gratifying to announce that the ratifica-
tions of the convention concluded under the
auspices of this Government, between Spain
on the one part, and the allied republics of the
Paci fic on the other, providing for an armistice,
have been exchanged.
A copy of the instrument is herewith sub-
mitted. It is hoped that this may be followed
by a permanent peace between the same par-
ties.
The differences which at one time threatened
the maintenance of peace between Brazil and
the Argentine Republic it it. hoped are in the
way of satisfactory adjustment.
With these States, as with the republics of
Central and of South America, we continue
to maintain the most friendly relations.
It is with regret, however. I announce that
the Government o. V>j\; ; jela has made no
further payments on account of the awards
under the convention of the 25th of April,
1866. That republic is understood to be now
almost, if not quite, tranquilized. It is hoped,
therefore, that it will lose no time in providing
for the unpaid balance of its debt to the
United States, which, having originated in
injuries to our citizens by Venezuelan author-
ities. and having been acknowledged pursuant
to a treaty in the most Bolemn form known
among nations, would seem to deserve a prefer-
ence .over debts of a different origin and con-
tracted in a different manner.
This subject is again recommended to the
attention of Congress for such action as may
be deemed proper.
Our treaty relations with Japan remain
unchanged. An imposing embassy from that
interesting and progressive nation visited this
country during the year that is passing; but
being unprovided with powers for the signing
of a convention in this country, no conclusion
in that direction was reached. It is hoped, how-
ever that the interchange of opinions which
took place during their stay in this country has
led to a mutual appreciation of the interests
which may be promoted when the revision of
the existing treaty shall be undertaken.
In this connection 1 renew my recommend-
ation of one year ago—
" That to give importance, and to add to the
efficiency of our diplomatic relations with Japan
and China, and to further aid in retaining the good
opinion of those peoples, and to secure to the Uni-
ted States its share of the commerce destined to
flow between those nations and the balance of the
commercial world, an appropriation be made to
support at least four American youths in each ot
those countries, to serve as a part of the official
family of our ministers there. Our representatives
would not even then bo placed upon an equality
with the representatives of Great Britain and of
some other Powers. As now situated, our repre-
sentatives in Japan and China have to depend for
interpreters and translators upon natives of those
countries who know our language imperfectly, or
procure for the occasion the services of employes in
foreign business houses, or the interpreters to other
foreign ministers."
I renew the recommendation made on a
previous occasion of the transfer to the De-
partment of the Interior, to which they seem
more appropriately to belong, of all the pow-
ers and duties in relation to the Territories
with which tlie Department of State is now
charged by law or by custom.
Congress, from the beginning of the Gov-
ernment, has wisely made provision for the re-
lief of distressed seamen in foreign countries.
No similar provision, however, has hitherto
been made for the relief of citizens in distress
abroad other than seamen. It is understood
to be customary with other Governments to
authorize consuls to extend such relief to their
citizens or subjects in certain cases.
A similar authority, and an appropriation to
carry it into effect, are recommended in the
case of citizens of the United States destitute
