1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
969
Mr. EDMUNDS. The report was based on
the question of the power of the President, the
law having t>een repealed.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I understand the Senator
from Vermont now to say 
Mr. EDMUNDS. I said so before also.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I understand the Senator
to say that the report was based on the fact of
the law having been repealed ; but is the Sen-
ator from Vermont quite sure that this Mr.
Lamar of whom he speaks did not take the
benefit of Mr. Lincoln's proclamation ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I feel quite sure of it;
but I may be mistaken.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator says he
feels quite sure of it. I do not know 
Mr. HILL. Will the Senator from Illinois
allow me to make a remark right there as to a
matter of fact ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Certainly.
Mr. HILL. I have been requested to state
as a matter of fact, which I do since the name
of Mr. Lamar, who happens to be, or has been,
an old citizen of Georgia—I do not know that
he lives there now; I believe he lives in New
York—has been adverted to, that it is true in
point of fact that on the 6th day of January,
1865, he took the amnesty oath. I do not
know the date of the pardon, but that fact I
am assured is true. I am further assured,
and I will state that it is by Mr. Lamar him-
self, and I have no doubt of the truth of the
statement, that immediately after taking this
oath he recalled his two sons who were in the
confederate army, and succeeded in getting
them home.
That is the statement that I have been
requested to make. I give the facts for what
they are worth in this argument. I have no
further part in it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It would seem then
that the Senator from Vermont is mistaken,
and that it was Mr. Lincoln's pardon and proc-
lamation that reached Mr. Lamar, and not a
pardon from Mr. Johnson, who, it will be
remembered, did not become President until
some time in 1865 after January, which I
understand the Senator from Georgia now to
state to be the date of the' acceptance of the
amnesty and pardon extended by Mr. Lincoln.
So that it seems it is upon a mistaken basis
that the Senator from Vermont has been argu-
ing against Johnson's proclamations instead of
age.inst the proclamation issued by President
Lincoln. That proclamation was issued under
the authority of law as well as of the Constitu-
tion, and the law authorized the President to
proclaim amnesty and grant pardons upon such
terms and conditions as he should think proper
with the restoration of property rights, and in
pursuance of it Mr. Lincoln made that procla-
mation. If it be true that Mr. Lamar accepted
that proclamation of Mr. Lincoln, issued in
strict conformity to law, and complied with
i , I cannot see how any Senator can violate
the faith of the nation pledged by the law of
Congress and by the action of the Executive
to Mr. Lamar, and refuse to allow him to have
the rights which we said he should have if he
did certain things. Whether he did them or
not I do not know. I did uot know until it
was stated by the Sebator from Georgia at
what time he accepted this proclamation,
though since this debate arose I was informed
by a note sent to my desk that Mr. Lamar did
come within the purview of Mr. Lincoln's
proclamation. As to that I have no knowl-
edge further than such as has been communi-
cated to the Senate now. That being so, I
adhere to the position I assumed at first, that
it is a violation of the faith of the nation to
refuse to him the rights we said he should have
if he abandoned the rebellion and united with
the Union cause.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. President, it is
always a pleasure to me to hear my friend
from Illinois, because he possesses what he is
so apt always to style when he wishes to com-
pliment anybody the highest possible capa-
city, that of astuteness, of getting out of as
small a corner as any person that I ever had
the pleasure to meet.
Now, how does he stand? He says that
Mr. Lamar appears to have taken the amnesty
oath before the proclamation of Johnson,
which we all held to have been an illegal one,
was made. Supposing it to be true, if that is
not jumping at a conclusion I will surrender
all right to discuss such questions as this in
this body. Has the Senator from Illinois for-
gotten that Mr. Lincoln's proclamation that
he has paraded here was not an unconditional
proclamation? Mr. Lincoln did not under-
take to pardon Mr. Lamar or anybody else by
name; but because Congress had authorized
him to grant amnesty to certain classes of per-
sons, giving him authority to classify them, he
issued this proclamation, and when he issued
it he declared that—
"The persons excepted from the benefits of the
foregoing provisions are all who are or shall have
been civil or diplomatic officers or agents of the
so-called confederate government, all who have
left judicial stations under tho United States to aid
the rebellion, all who are or shall have been mili-
tary or naval officers of the so-called confederate gov-
ernment above th,e lank of colonel in the army or of
lieutenant in the navy, all who left seats in the
United States Congress to aid the rebellion, all who
resigned commissions in the Army or Navy of the
United States and afterward aided the rebellion,
and all who have engaged in any way in treating
colored persons, or white persons in oharge of such,
otherwise than lawfully as prisoners of war. and
which persons may have been found in tho United
States service as soldiers, seamen, or in any other
capacity."
Does the Senator undertake to have us de-
cide in advance that Lamar falls without either
one of these categories?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Certainly not.
Mr. EDMUNDS. We have no evidence
about that. What then ? Then he goes to
the Court of Claims as the law stands now
under the decision of the Supreme Court. Is
he required in the Court of Claims to stand
upon this pardon ? Not by any means. I do
not speak from evidence, for I am not trying
a cause; I am trying to legislate; but he
comes to the Court of Claims, and suppose it
to be true, because I would not do Mr. Lamar
any injustice, that he falls within one of the
exceptions in this proclamation of Mr. Lincoln,
which the law authorized Lincoln to make. It
did uot authorize him, as I have shown, to
grant any restoration of rights at ail. It never
gave him any such authority, although I say
with all frankness to the Senate, as I have
said before, for I do riot wish to be misunder-
stood, that there are certain rights which
necessarily revive upon the granting of a par-
don. The man regains his status as a citizen,
but he does not get back anything that he has
already lost and that has gone from him.
There is the difference.
But suppose Mr. Lamar goes into the Court
of Claims and the attorney of the United
States proves that he was a civil agent of the
confederate government, (as I have been in-
formed in a historical way, but I do not com-
mit myself to that statement, because it may
turn out to be otherwise, that he was a civil
agent of the confederate government,) render-
ing them aid and employed by them to assist
in their financial and other transactions, what
does Mr. Lamardothen? "Oh," hesays, "I
do not stand upon that proclamation ; 1 stand
upon the one of Johnson of 1866," or what-
ever the time was, after we had repealed the
law ; and I feel bound as a matter of justice to
my friend from Illinois to say that I believe he
himself was active in getting that repeal. If
I am mistaken, he can correct me. After we
had repealed the law which conferred authority
upon the President to grant amnesty, which
the Constitution does not confer upon him,
and which Mr. Lincoln exercised, as he states
in this proclamation, because Congress had
given him the authority, then Mr. Lamar turns
around in the Court of Claims to Mr. John-
son's proclamation under the Constitution and
says, " With my view of the law Mr. Johnson's
proclamation is just as good forme as this Lin •
coin one that I cannot avail myself of because
it is proved against me that I was excepted t
when we get at the facts;" and-then your
money goes ont of the Treasury; and in that
case my friend would not be for having it go
out; for he concurred, we all concurred in the
idea after we had made haste to repeal this
authority which we had conferred upon Mr.
Lincoln, which we found Mr. Johnson was
attempting to abuse as we thought—I am not
impugning the motives of Mr. Johnson—we
all concurred in the idea that the President of
the United States under the Constitution had
no power to grant an amnesty which wipes
out utterly everything, but he had only power,
as the Constitution says, to grant reprieves
and pardons, and the Supreme Court of the
United States had already decided that a par-
don was a special and particular act of grace,
directed to a particular person by name, and
until the instrument, the patent, as the English
lawyers would call it, that granted that par-
don was delivered to him, like a deed, it had
no effect at all. But under this proclamation
of Mr. Johnson, under which Mr. Lamar, if
he does not come within the category of the
proclamation of Mr. Lincoln, would stand, he
would get his money upon the view I am com-
batting.
It is exactly that question that I wish in
voting for this amendment to hold in reserve,
and let Mr. Lamar come here by petition and
show us, who have demonstrated somewhat'
too largely I think by our action in both
Houses of (Congress that we are ready and
eager to hear petitions of that kind, to do
justice to particular individuals, under which
proclamation he does stand, and whether in
justice and equity and law he is entitled to
anything out of the Treasury that he claims.
I am not, therefore, condemning Mr. Lamar,
passing judgment upon him, deciding against
him, when I only say, "You shall not go to
the Court of Claims where it may be you can
take an unjust advantage of us, but you shall
come here where we will look at the real truth.''
Mr. THURMAN. Mr. President, this de-
bate has taken a very wide range, far beyond
what is absolutely necessary to decide upon
the amendment offered by the Senator from
Vermont. As I said before, and I have not
been answered yet, this amendment, instead of
strengthening the law against the claims of per-
sons who have been disloyal, really strengthens
their claims.
Mr. EDMUNDS. You ought togoforit, thea.
Mr. THURMAN. The Senator makes that
remark; and why such an impudent speech is
made is past my comprehension, for it is simple
impudence. If the Senator thinks it is witty
to be impertinent, then he has yet to learn
that wit is one thing and impertinence is
another.
Now, Mr. President, let us see what this is.
As the law now stands, if the Court of Claims
find that a man was disloyal, they are to dis-
miss bis petition. Does it provide anything
more than that? Not the least thing in the
world so far as it is detrimental to the claim-
ant ; but the implication of the amendment is
that, notwithstanding the court finds that the
man was disloyal, it is to go on and find what
is due him, and is actually to render a judg-
ment, but in that judgment it is to find the fact
" whether or not said claimant had proved
that he lvndered no aid or comfort to the
rebellion ; and where said claimant shall have
failed to prove that he had not rendered such
aid or comfort, no judgment of said courtshali
be paid until a special appropriation therefor
shall be made by Congress."
Now, sir, under the law, there cannot be that
judgment at all. And yet this amendment
contemplates that there may be that judgment,
and that that judgment is then to come before
Congress, and Congress is to act upon it. In
other words, the whole implication of the
amendment is that, instead of dismissing the
