1980
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28,
I wish toask my friend from Maryland whether
he knows about this case himself? '
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. I know
about ifc myself.
Mr. CONKLING. And does he know that
it is all right ?
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland, t think so
beyond all Question. '
Mr.-CONKLINGK Then 1 ana satisfied.
Mr. WRIGHT. I think thi$ bill is eminently
right and ought to pass j and yet I ^kink it is
due to say, that when it was called up before
the Senator from Vermont [Mr. Edmunds]
objected. He is not in his place now.- I do
not know whether he would object 6r not. I
am sure the bill is a proper one.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
PRESIDENTIAL APPROVALS.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. O. E. Babcock, his Secretary,
announced that the President had on the 27th
instant approved and signed the following
acts:
An act (S. No. 1442) for the relief of Henry
E. Janes; and
An act (S. No. 1602) to provide for th©
expenses of the investigation of the recent
senatorial election in Kansas.
ihkigation in california.
Mr. STEWART. I now ask that the bill
(S. No. 1584) to provide for a board of
commissioners to report a system of irrigation
for the San Joaquin and l'ulare valleys in
California be taken up. It simply proposes
to have a report upon a most interesting
subject. We are having legislation pressed
upon us constantly, and the Committee on
Public Lands desire an investigation and a
report.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill.
The Committee on Public Lands reported an
amendment (o strike out all after the enacting
clause of the bill, and in lieu thereof to insert
the following :
That the President bo, and ho is hereby, author-
ized to ns,«ign two engineers of the Army and one
rttiicor of the Coa-st Survey, now stationed on the
FucUio coast, lor the purpose of examining and re-
porting on a systom of irrigation in the San Joaquin,
Tulare, and Sacramento valloys ol the State of Cal-
ifornia; und for that purpose tho officers so assignod
may associate with themselves the ohiof of tho #eo -
logical survey of California, and nlso ono other civil-
ian distinguished for hisknowlodge of the subjects.
Sro. 2. That these five persons shall constitute &
board, with power to fill vacancies, whose duty it
shall do to make a full report to the President on tho
best system of irrigation for said valleys, with ail
necessary plans, details, engineering, statistical, and
othorwiso, which roport the President shall transmit
to Congress at its next session, with sucfy recommend-
.ations as he shall think proper,
Sao. 3. That the Secretary of War shall furnish
subsistence and transportation for the board while
in the field, and the compensation of the members
of the board who aronot in tho service of tho United
States shall not exceed $2,000 each, but the other
members of tho board shall receive no additional
compensation for their services.
The amendment was agreed to. •
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 do not know that I
have any objection to the bill, but it is one of
those propositions which involves a very large
expenditure of money.
Mr. STEWAHT. Not at all.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think it does. It
provides for a commission to survey the San
Joaquin and some other valleys in California,
with a view to adopt a system of irrigation.
This commission is to make a report, and with
that report will come in a communication from
the War Department transmitting it. and they
will estimate the cost'of the work at. perhaps
half a million dollars, and when the Secretary
of War sends their report to Congress, that
will be taken as a recommendation for the
appropriation of so much money, and it will
go in one of the appropriation bills.
Mr. STEWART. Oh, nol
Mri TRUMBULL. That is the way these
things begin.
Mr. STEWART. That is not the object.
• 'Mr. TRUMBULL. The object now is sim-
ply to have a survey to ascertain whether this
practicable and how much it will cost.
Mr. STEWART. Oh, no. The Govern-
ment oi the United States owns the public
latiddj and there are private lands there. This
is with a view of granting the right of way
over tfefe public lands, simply dealing with the
question of Irrigation with a view to legisla-
tion, without asking any appropriation by Con-
gress at all. That is the object.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Of course no appro-
priation is now asked, nor was any appropria-
tion asked When a provision was put on a bill
here to survey Tangipahoa creek, I believe it
was, down in Louisiana. When fre came to
investigate it, we found it was a little stream
of ten or fifteen miles long, running through
a swamp, and the engineers reported that it
c^uld be improved so that they could float out
& cord of wood down to New Orleans at an
expense of several thousand dollars, and it
would benefit a company that had bought up
the Uind.
Mr. CASSE&W. Mr. President, I know
there is nothing of that kind in this bill; and
as for Surveys, nothing of that sort is contem-
plated, except it be the simplest outliue of
the country. In fact, the survey is to be com-
pleted and reported to the next Congress, so
that it cannot take much time or much money.
I believe the total expense outside of the $2,000
for salaries, will not exceed five or six thou-
sand dollars, if so much.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is not the expense
of the survey that I am looking to. I merely
want to give notice, that if this survey is al-
lowed, and goes on, the time will come when
yon will be called upon for a very large ap-
propriation to complete the work, if it should
be recommended.
Mr. €OLE. Of course we are bound to
accept the notice, but I do not think anybody
contemplates any such plan as the Senator
from Illinois has in view. I am glad he is so
cautious of the public interests, but 1 really dp
not believe any such aid will be asked as he
apprehends.
fhe bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
Mr. STEWART, Let "Sacramento" be
included in the title.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection, the title of the bill will be amended
by inserting the word 44 Sacramento" after
44 San Joaquin."
SENAl'oh FROM ALABAMA.
Mr. GOLDTHWAITE presented the memo-
rial of Francis W. Sykes claiming a seat in the
Senate as a Senator from the State of Ala-
bama for the term of six years, commencing
March 4, 1873 ; which was ordered to :be
printed in the G-lobe, and is as follows:
To the Senate of the United States .*
The memorial and petition of Francis W. Sykes,
a citizen of Alabama, and a Senator-elect of the
'United States for thesaiid State for the term to com-
mence on the 4th day of March, 1873, respectfully
showeth: That on the lltli day of Decemcer, 1872, a
'certificate was signed by the Hon. R. H. Erwin,
prosident Of tho senate, and Lewis M. Stone, speaker
of tho house of representatives, of the General As-
sembly of the State of Alabama, and attested by the
secretary of tho senate and the clerk of the house
of representatives, which sets forth the proceedings
of the General Assembly of tho State of Alabama,
which resulted in the election of your memorialist
as a Senator of the United States tor the State of
Alabama for the said term, which said certificate is
herewith submitted to the Senate, and is as fol-
lows :
Be it remembered that on Tuesday, the 3d day Of
December, A. D. 1872, it being the second Tuesday
after the meeting and organization of tho General
Assembly of the State of Alabama, the senate of
baid General Assembly in the senate chamber, at
the capitol. at Montgomery, openly and by a viva
voce vote of each .senator present, proceeded to name
a person for Senator in Congress from the State of
Alabama, for the term beginning on the 4th day of
March, A. D. 1873.
That the house of representatives of said General
Assembly, on said 3d day of December, failed to
name a person for Senator in Congress as aforesaid,
there being no quorum present in said house. That
on tho succeeding day, at twelve o'clock m., the two
houses of said General Assembly met in the hall of
the house of representatives-in the said capitol,'at
Montgomery, in joint assembly, when the journal of
cach house was read,- ax^d it appearing that the
same person had not redqted a majority of all the
votes cast in each hduSfe,- tite;joint assembly then
proceeded to choose openly*' and by a viva voce vote
of each member present, a $>$rson for the purpose
aforesaid, and no person having received a'majority
of all the votes-oast' on said first day the said>two
houses in joint assembly adjourned until twelve
o'clock m. of the succeeding day; and continued to
meet and adjourn upon each succeeding day as
aforesaid until Tuesday, the IQth day of December,
A. D. 1872, upon which day, by a vvoa voce vote of
«ach member present, Francis W. Sykes, of Law-
rence county received sixty-nine votes for. Senator
in Congress as aforesaid, that being all the votes, a
majority of all the members elected to both houses
of the said General Assembly, and a quorum of each
house being ps^sent and voting.-.'^hereupon the
said Francis W. Syke^ was duly jdeclared duly
elected Senator in Congress from" the State of, Ala-
bama for the term ateresaftd, as prescribed fey tho
constitution and iaws, . > > ;
In witness whereof the President of the senate
has hereunto set his hand, attested'by the secretary
of the senate; and the Speaker of the house of
representatives has utso set his hand, attested by
the clerk -of tlae house of-representatives,-at Mont-
gomery, Alabama, this the 11th day of December,
A D. 1872.
R. H. ERWIN,
jPresideyU of the Senate*
Attest: _
MIKE L. WOOD,
Secretary of the Senate.
LEWIS XL STONE,.
Speaker of the House of liepresentatives.
Attest:
ELLIS PHELAN,
Clerk of the Mouse,
A certificate of election to the same office and for
the same term, signed by his excellence £>a.vid P.
I*ewis, now the Governor of tho State of Alabama,
and attested 'by the secretary of'Sta\;e with his signa.
ture And the seal of the State affixed thereto, bear-
ing da&e the 4tii day of {December, 1872,setting forth
the election of the Hon. George E. Spbncer, (as is
claimed,) by the General Assembly -of the State of
Alabama, faas been presented to the Senate by Mr.
SpeIncbr, who claims said office ija-virtue of the elec-
tion mentioned in said certificate. Your memorial-
ist denies the legal validity of the said certificate,
given to *the Hon. Gicorge E. Spencer, and also de-
nies the validity ^f said election, .and congests his
right under and in virtue of said election and cer-
tificate, to a seat in the United Spates Senate, as
Senator for the State of Alabama for.the term com-
mencing an tho 4th (lay of -March, .1873.
For the purpose of bringing to the attention of the
Senate the grounds upon which your memorialist
assorts that he is entitled to said seat, and tho
grounds upon which he alleges that the certificate
issued totliellon. George E.Spencer is invalid, and
that the election therein mentioned is invalid,-your
memorialist respectfully submits to theiSer*a£e the
following statement of facts: - w
1. On me 18th day of November, A. t>. 1872, Hon.
Robert B .landsa'v was Governor of tho State of
Alabama, -under a regular election held in 1870, and
was, on that day, and until the 25th day of Novem-
ber, 1872, in the regular, quiet, and undisputed exor-
cise of the function^ of his office. On1 said 18th
day of November, *1872. Hon. E. H. Moren was Lieu-
tenant -Governor of the S.tat^Jn fche undisturbed
and undisputed exercise of th'e'funct ions of his offico,
by virtue of a regular election by the voters of the
State, held in November, 1870,land so continued in
the discharge of the duties of his said office until the
25th day of November, 1&72.
On the said 25th day of November, 1872, Hon.
l)avid P. Lewis'was inducted into the office oi Gov-
ernor of tho State of Alabama, by taking the oath
of office required by the constitution, and in pursu-
ance of his election to 'that office by the voters of the
State, as counted and published by lieutenant Gov-
ernor Mor^n. in the presence of a majority of the
members ofthe-Geaeral Assembly of the State assem-
bled at the capitol of,.the State.
On said 25th day of November, 1872, Hon, Alexan-
der McKinstry was in like manner inducted into the
office of Lieutenant Governor of said State, to which
he had been elected by the voters of the State, and
so announced by Lieutenant Governor Mor'en upon
an opening-and publishing of the votes by him, by
official act, in the presence of a majority of the
members of the General Assembly assembled at the
capitol of the State, at Montgomery. ' '
This opening and publishing of the votes was begun
by said Lieutenant Governor en t|re 22d day of No-
vember, 1872, and was completed on,the 23d day of
November, 1872, in the hall of the house of repre-
sentatives, in the capitol of the State, in the city of
Montgomery, in said State, in purs.ua.ace of sections
two and three, article five, of the constitution of
Alabama, as follows:
"Sec. 2. The Governor, LieutenantGdvernor, sec-
retary of State, tj?easu er, and attorney general shall
hold their offices for the term.of two- years* and the
auditor for the term of fbur years.
" Sec. 3. Th-ereturns of every ^election for the offi-
cers named in the preceding section shall be sealed
