1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
$71
And now mark it, it is precisely upon that
definition that the two judges who dissented
in Klien's case based their dissent. The nine
judges of the Supreme Court were unani-
mous that the Drake amendment was uncon-
stitutional. Mr. Justice Miller, in delivering
ihe dissenting opinion, in which Mr. Justice
Bradley concurred, in the very first sentence
of his dissenting opinion makes the statement
that he concurs with the majority in holding that
that amendment is unconstitutional. Why,
then, did he dissent, andwhy did Mr. Justice
Bradley dissent in Klein's case? They held
that the money resulting from the sale of this
abandoned and captured property had become
the money of the United States, and that having
become the money of the United States, it
could not be divested out of the United States
by the pardon granted to the offender. It was
upon the doctrine that a pardon does not re-
store to the offender property that has vested
in third persons in consequence of his offense
or conviction and punishment—it was pre-
cisely upon that ground and on application of
that principle which induced those two learned
judges to come to the conclusion that, in the
ease then before them, the money resulting
from the sale of the property had become the
money of the United States, and therefore
could no longer belong to the person who
had originally owned the property. The other
judges, as I said before, thought .otherwise,
and held that the money, as well as the prop-
erty before the conversion, was the property
of the individual and not of the Government.
But, Mr. President, as I said before, this is
going very wide of the mark that is now before
us. If an amendment had been offered here
that notwithstanding the pardon granted by
the President the Court of Claims should yet
inquire whether or not the person had been
guilty of rebellion or of aiding the rebellion,
and if the court found that he had it should
dismiss his petition, that would present a
question that perhaps has not been definitely
decided yet by the Supreme Court, although
these decisions go a great way toward settling
it; That would raise this question: as we
alone can authorize suits to be brought against
the United States, and as the Government is
not sueable except by the consent of Congress,
and as Congress has established the Court of
Claims as a tribunal in which the Government
ma;f be sued, it may be argued on the one
hand that we have a right to limit it just as
much as we please, that it would be consti-
tutional for us to say thai nobody but red-
haired men should bring suits in the Court of
Claims, or nobody but blue-eyed men 
Mr. EDMUNDS. Say red-handed.
Mr. THURMAN. Or red-handed,or white-
handed, or black-handed.
Mr. CONKLING. Could we not say that ?
Mr. THURMAN. I am not going to de-
cide that question now. That, 1 say, is the
argument on the one side. On the other
there might be some little trouble, perhaps,
with the fourteenth and fifteenth amendments,
in disposing of them and maintaining that
you could say that nobody but a red-haired,
or a black-haired, or a white-skinned or a
black-skinned man, should sue in this court.
But let it be assumed that you have a right to
limit them just as much as you please, and
therefore say that none but loyal men shall sue
in that court, and that men who are disloyal shall
come before Congress; my answer is that this
amendment does not provide for any such thing.
I am not going to go into that argument.
It is a question that is not free from trouble
with me. I have not conclusively made up
my mind upon it, whether or not it is compe-
tent for us to say that nobody but such a class
shall be allowed to sue in the Court of Claims,
leaving all other classes to do just as they did
before the court was established—^come to Con-
gress for relief. I am not prepared to deny
our power to do that just now ; nor do I wish
to affirm it without a great deal more reflection
than I have given to it. I say this: that which
is the only basisatall uponwhich this discrim-
ination could stand for a moment is not pro-
vided for by the amendment which isnow under
consideration; and more, the ease is not pro-
vided for. Pass this amendment, and.you have
not gone one single step toward the object at
which the Senator from Vermont [Mr. Mor-
rill] who offers the amendment aims. On
the contrary, you have taken a retrograde step
upon any fair interpretation that can be given
to that amendment.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not think I should
trouble the Senate again with any discussion
of mine, but for the fact that I seem to have
committed a serious indiscretion, to speak of
it mildly, toward my honorable friend from
Ohio. As he was describing the state of this
affair, that the amendment of my colleague
was more favorable to the rebels than the exist-
ing law, I committed the indiscretion of mak-
ing the remark that my friend from Ohio ought
to go for it then; at which he was greatly
offended for the moment—I hope he has got-
ten over it—and accused me of impertinence
and a variety of other crimes which, perhaps,
ought to be investigated by the House of Rep-
resentatives, or somebody, as we are on investi-
gations nowadays.
I made the remark, Mr. President, without
intending to offend my friend in the slightest
degree, because I have observed—he will cor-
rect me if I am in error—that no proposition
has been brought into this Chamber or offered
in any way favorable to that class of our citi-
zens who were engaged in the rebellion that
he has failed to vote for if he was here, and
therefore I felt justified in saying, without
intending to be offensive to him, that if this
amendment of my colleague was really let-
ting down restrictions and favorable to the
rebels rather than otherwise, he ought to go
for it; and I said it, as I say, in all sincerity,
because I thought he supposed it would be a
good thing to do. But I had forgotten that
my good friend and some other people are a
little sore on that subject just now, and that
they are not exactly in a frame of mind to
have reference made to the ancient friendship
and the modern friendship which has existed
between my honorable friend and his political
associates and that class of persons. If I had
thought of that, if recent events had been in my
mind, I do not think I should have made the
remark, because I think that hitting a man
when he is down, which is condemned among
people in society, ought not to be practiced.
Therefore I make an humble apology to my
friend for having alluded to the circumstance
that he would be likely, from his previous
course, to favor any legislation favorable to
this unfortunate class of persons. I take it all
back, because 1 believe myself, on reflection,
it was not quite the thing to have said. It was
somewhat ungenerous to allude to the course
of history for the last five or six years in this
country touching all these questions, and to
hold up the mirror to the faces of my honorable
friend and his associates upon that subject,
because we have declared recently, as I be-
lieve, that we have concluded to look forward
instead of looking back, and that we all take
it for granted that the fourteenth and fifteenth
amendments are good law, and stand as part
of the Constitution, and that the rebellion was
not "quite the thing after all," to use another
expression which is very common. I ought
not to have said it, and I take it back.
Now let us come to the point. My friend
says the Supreme Court are authorized to de-
termine, and that we are bound by their determ-
ination, that the people of the United States
should give back to persons who have been
pardoned property that was captured from
them in arms. Where does the Supreme Court
get its authority to control money that by law
is in the Treasury of the United States, as this
monev is, because, by a law, it has been cov-
ered "into the Treasury in the strictest sense
of the term? The Constitution says—and I
know that is authority with my honorable
friend—not that the Supreme Court shall take
money from the Treasury; no mandate of
theirs is effectual for that purpose; but it is
the vote of the representatives of the people
and of the States in Congress assembled; the
Constitution declares that no money shall be
drawn from the Treasury except in pursuance
of an appropriation made by law; not an appro-
priation made by the nine honorable men wljo
sit in the next room of the Capitol, but an
appropriation made by us.
There is the dividing line in the jurisdiction,
and therefore I take leave to deny that the
Supreme Court of the United States, whatever
may be their opinions, whatever may be their
declarations, can in the slightest degree affect
the constitutional right of the legislative branch
of the Government to control the disposition
of the moneys in the Treasury, whether they
are there by right, or whether they are there
by wrong. If they have gone into the Treasury
of the people, there the Constitution says they
shall stay until the representatives of the people
consent to their being taken out, and. the people
have never conferred upon the Supreme Court
the right to declare to Congress or to the ad-
ministrative department of the Government
under what circumstances and under what con-
ditions that money shall be drawn. They may
fulminate as many decrees as they like; the
people have reserved to us, bound by no judg-
ment except our consciences, the question as
to whether that money shall go or not.
Where did the Supreme Court get the
authority, I should like to know, to decide a
question of this kind at all? They do not
get it under the Constitution, as my friend
confesses. They get it because we delegated
to them as our agents, as a convenient form
of administration, the authority to inquire,
ou an appeal from the Court of Claims, into
the particular cases that were brought to them.
While, therefore, that delegated authority
existed or shall exist, in each particular case
I shall bow to the judgment of the Supreme
Court as well as my friend, and lose the
money, although I may think it to be wrong ;
that does not preclude me from withdrawing
that delegated authority and saying it shall be
no more exercised, and money shall not go
from the Treasury in a particular class of
cases until we have determined that it is fit
that it should go. There is the distinction ;
and I beg Senators to remember that in say-
ing this we do not decide that even Mr. Lamar
himself shall not have the money; we are
only deciding that we will fulfill ourselves
here the duty that the Constitution has in-
trusted to us of declaring when and under
what circumstances money in the Treasury of
the United States shall go out of it. That is
all.
The idea that the Supreme Court has author-
ity to determine how the affairs of this Gov-
ernment as between itself and its citizens
shall be carried on any further than we dele-
gate to that court as our agents, so to speak,
and as a convenience of administration, the
authority to do so, is one that I cannot under-
stand. It does seem to me that if Senators
will only keep in mind that one single fact
which I believe to be undisputed, we shall all
be relieved from these contests as to what may
be the effect of a pardon. Suppose my friend
to be right as to the effect of a pardon, then
we should all be bound, if he convinced us of
it, to give this man his money; but I say that
the Constitution has conferred upon us, and
not upon the Supreme Court, where it respects
the interests of the citizens of the United
States, the duty of determining that question.
Mr. THURMAN. Mr. President, at the
risk of wearying the Senate I must make a
few observations ia reply to the Senator who
has just taken his seat. I pass all allusions
to the -political course of myself or my asso-
ciates. At a proper time a ad in the proper
