8
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 2,
the repression of such disorders. I do not
doubt that a great majority of the people in all
parts of the country favor the full enjoyment
by all classes of persons of those rights to
which they are entitled under the Constitution
and laws, and I invoke the aid and influence
of all good citizens to prevent organiaations
whose objects are by unlawful means to inter-
fere with those rights. I look with confidence
to the time, not far distant, when the obvious
advantages of good order and peace will induce
an abandonment of all combinations prohibited
by the acta referred to, and when it will be
unnecessary to carry on prosecutions or inflict
punishments to protect citizens from the law-
less doings of such combinations.
Applications have been made to me to par-
don persons convicted of a violation of said
acts, upon the ground that clemency in such
cases would tend to tranquilize the public
mind ; and, to test the virtue of that policy, I
am disposed, as far as my sense of justice will
permit,- to give to these applications a favor-
able consideration ; but any action thereon is
not to be construed as indicating any change
in my determination to enforce with rigor such
acts so long as the conspiracies and combina-
tions therein named disturb the peace of the
country.
It is much to be regretted, and is regretted
by no one more than myself, that a necessity
has ever existed to execute the u enforcement
act." No one can desire more than I that the
necessity of applying it may never again be
demanded.
INTERIOR DEPARTMENT.
The Secretary of the Interior reports satis-
factory improvement and progress in each of
the several bureaus under the control of the
Interior Department. They are all in excel-
lent condition. The work, which in some of
them for some years has been in arrears, has
been brought down to a recent date, and in
all the current business is being promptly dis-
patched.
INDIANS.
The policy which was adopted at the begin-
ning of this Administration with regard to the
management of the Indians has been as suc-
cessful as its most ardent friends anticipated
within so short a time. It has reduced the
expense of their management; decreased
their forays upon the white settlements;
tended to give the largest opportunity for the
extension of the great railways through the
public domain, and the pushing of settlements
into more remote districts of country; and, at
the same time, improved the condition of the
Indians. The policy will be maintained with-
out any change, excepting such as further ex-
perience may show to be necessary to render
it more efficient.
The subject of converting the so-called In-
dian territory south of Kansas into- a home
for the Indian, and erecting therein a terri-
torial form of government, is one of great
importance as a complement of the existing
Indian policy. The question of removal to
that territory has within the past year been
presented to many of the tribes resident upon
other and less desirable portions of the public
domain, and has generally been received by
them with favor. As a preliminary step to the
organization of such a territory.it will be neces-
sary to confine the Indians now resident
therein to farms of proper size, which should
be secured to them in fee, the residue to be
used for the settlement of other friendly In-
dians. Efforts will be made in'the immediate
future to induce the removal of as many peace-
ably disposed Indians to the. Indian territory
as can be settled properly without disturbing
the harmony of those already there.
There is no other -location now available
where a people who are endeavoring to ac-
quire a knowledge of pastoral and agricultural
pursuits can be its wpII acconnnoJaied as upon
the unoccupied lands in the Indian territory.
A territorial government should, however, pro-
tect the Indians from the inroads of whites for
a term of years, until they become sufficiently
advanced in the arts and civilization to guard
their own rights, and from the disposal of the
lands held by them for the same period.
LANDS.
During the last fiscal year there were dis-
posed of, out of the public lands, 11,864,976
acres, a quantity greater by 1,099,2T0 acres
than was disposed of the previous year. Of
this amount 1,370,320 acres were sold for
cash, 389,460 acres located with military
warrants, 4,671,332 acres taken for home-
steads, 693,613 aeres located with college
scrip; 3,554,887 acres granted to railroads;
465,347 acres granted to wagon roads; 714,255
acres given to States as swamp land; 5,760
acres located by Indian scrip.
The cash receipts from all sources in the
Land Office amounted to $3,218,100. During
the same period 22,016,608 acres of the public
lands were surveyed, which, added to the
quantity before surveyed, amounts to 583,364,-
780 acres, leaving 1,257,633,628 acres of the
public lands still unsurveyed.
The reports from the subordinates of the
Land Office contain interesting information in
regard to their respective districts. They
uniformly mention the fruitfulness of the soil
during the past season and the increased yield
of all kinds of produce. Even in those States
and Territories where mining is the principal
business, agricultural products have exceeded
the local demand, and liberal shipments have
been made to distant points.
PATENTS.
During the year ending September 30, 1872,
there were issued from the Patent Office 13,626
patents, 233 extensions, and 556 certificates
and registries of trade-marks. During the
same time 19,587 applications for patents,
including reissues and designs, have been
received, and 3,100 caveats filed. The fees
received during the same period amounted to
$700,954 86, and the total expenditures to
$623,553 90, making the net receipts over the
expenditures $77,400 96. Since 1836 two
hundred thousand applications for patents
have been filed, and about 133,000 patents
issued. The office is being conducted under
the same laws and general organization as
were adopted at its original inauguration, when
only from one hundred to five hundred appli-
cations were made per annum. The Commis-
sioner shows that the office bas outgrown the
original plan, and that a new organization has
become necessary. This subject was pre-
sented to Congress in a special communica-
tion in February last, with my approval and
the approval of the Secretary- of the Interior,
and the suggestions contained in said'com-
munication were embraced in the bill that was
reported to the House by the Committee on
Patents at the last session. The subject of
the reorganization of the Patent Office, as
contemplated by the bill referred to, is one
of such importance to the industrial interests
of the country that 1 commend it to the
attention of Congress.
The Commissioner also treats the subject of
the separation of the Patent Office from the
Department of the Interior. This subject is
also embraced in the bill heretofore referred
to. The Commissioner complains of the want
of room for the model gallery and for the work-
ing force and necessary files of the office. It
is impossible to trausact the business of the
office properly without more room in which to
arrange fijes and drawings that uingt be con-
sulted hourly in the transaction of business.
The whole of the Patent O.ffice building will
soon be needed, if.it is not already, for the
accommodation of the busiueas of the Patent
Office.
, ( PENSIONS.
The amount paid for (tensions in the last
fiscal year was $30,169,340, an amount larger
by $3,708,434 than was paid during the pre-
ceding year. Of this amonnt $2,318,409 were
paid under the act of Congress of February 17,
1871, to snrvivor8 of the war of 1812. The
annual increase of pensions by the legislation
of Congress has more than kept pace with the
natural yearly losses from the rolls. The act
of Congress of June 8, 1872, has added an
estimated amount of $750,000 per annum to
the rolls, without increasing the number of
pensioners. We caunot, therefore, look for
any substantial decrease in the expenditures
of this Department for some time to come, or
so long as Congress continues to so change the
rates of pensions.
The whole number of soldiers enlisted in
the war of the rebellion was 2,688,523. The
total number of claims for invalid pensions is
176,000, being but six per cent, of the whole
number of enlisted men.
The total number of claims on hand at the
beginning of the year was 91,689 ; the number
received during the year was 26,574; the
number disposed of was 39,178, making a net
gain of 12,604. The number of claims now
on file is 79,085. On the 30th of June, 1872,
there were on the rolls the names of 95,405
invalid military pensioners ; 113,518 widows,
orphans, and dependent relations, making an
aggregate of 208,923 Army pensioners. At
the same time there were on the rolls the
names of 1,449 Navy pensioners and 1,730
widows, orphans, and dependent relatives,
making the whole number of naval pensioners
3,179. There have been received, since the
passage of the act to provide pensions for the
survivors of the war of 1812, 36,551 applica-
tions prior to June 30, 1872. Of these there
were allowed during the last fiscal year 20,120
claims ; 4,845 were rejected during the year,
leaving 11,580 claims pending at that date.
The number of pensions of all classes granted
during the last fiscal year was 33,838. During
that period there were dropped from the rolls
for various causes 9,104 names, leaving a grand
total of 232,229 pensioners on the rolls on the
30th of June, 1872.
It is thought that the claims for pensions on
account of the war of 1812 will all be disposed
of by the 1st of May, 1873.
It is estimated that $30,480,000 will be
required for the pension service during the
next fiscal year.
THE CENSUS.
The ninth census is about completed. Its
early completion is a subject of congratulation,
inasmuch as the use to oe made of the statis-
tics therein contained depends very greatly on
the promptitude of publication.
The Secretary of the Interior recommends
that a census be taken in 1875, which recom-
mendation should receive the early attention
of Congress. The interval at present estab-
lished between the Federal census is so long
that the information obtained at the decennial
periods as to the material condition, wants,
and resources of the nation is of little prac-
tical value after the expiration of the first half
of that period.
It would probably obviate the constitutional
provision regarding the decennial census if a
census taken in 1875 should be divested of all
political character and no reapportionment of
congressional representation be made under
it. -Such a census, coming as it would in the
last year of the first century of our national
existence, would furnish a noble monument
of the progress of the United States during
(hat century.
education.
The rapidly increasing interest in education
is a taiost encouraging feature iii thje current
history of the country, and it is ne dcJubt true
that this is due in a great measure to the efforts
bf the Bureau of Education. That office is
continually receiving evidences which abun-
dantly prove its efficiency, from the varuKJs in-
stitutions of leaning and ediloatwrs of all
kinds throughout the eoant*y.
- The report of the Commissioner contains a
