1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
973
only property which the former occupant of
these commodities ever saw. This money ig
a brand-new species of property, never was
seen, never was counted, nevfr was touched
by those who sue for it in the Court of Claims.
If it could he held that, in spite of the seizure,
while it remained unsold the title was un-
changed, yet if it is held that when the sale
is effected the title is changed and it then
becomes, not the property of him who raised
it, but the property of him who bought it, if
it may be held that while the property is un-
sold the title continues in the owner and by
the sale is changed and becomes the property
of the purchaser, I would like to be told bv
the Senator from Illinois or from some other
State what it was, what act it was, what grant
it was, where the concession is to be found
which vested a title to this money in the man
who formerly raised some cotton.or raised
some tobacco. Notwithstanding that he gave
aid and comfort to the rebellion, there might
be some reason for his coming forward and
putting his hand on the cotton which he raised
andsaying, " This is my property.'' "Mine;"
why? " Because my toil produced it; [raised
it." And if we had replied to that, " Yes, but
you forfeited it by your crimes against the
Government," he might very well retort, "But
the consequences of that forfeiture are waived
by the Government; I have been pardoned,
and you cannot visit me with any of the con-
sequences of my crime because I have the
free pardon of the Government in my pocket."
I could understand the force of that reason-
ing ; but when he does not go near the cot-
ton, does not see it, never comes within reach
of it, does not look for it, but comes to the
tribunals of the country, comes to the courts
and comes to the Legislature and says, "You
must pay out of your Treasury moneys which
you have got there," I want to see the evi-
dence.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Will the Senator from
Wisconsin allow me to interrupt him a mo-
ment?
Mr. HOWE. Certainly.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Will the Senator from
Wisconsin allow me to inquire, assuming as
he now does that the owner of the cotton being
pardoned might have a claim against taking
the cotton—does it alter the equities at all if
by military power the cotton was taken away
from him when it was his and turned into
money ? Has he not the same claim on the
money that he would have had upon the cotton 1
Mr. HOWE. It makes all the difference in
the world, I should think. The question is
whether the Government had the right, had the
authority, to dispose of that cotton.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If was his on the basis
I understand the Senator to be arguing,if it was
conceded to be the cotton of the owner, then the
Government had no right to take it, but did
Mr. HOWE. The Government did take it,
and ordered it to be sold, and it was sold and
turned into money. Now the question for the
Senator and myseifto settle, or for the Senator
to settle—I have settled it in my own mind—
is whether that was a legal transfer of the prop-
erty. I understand him to say it was not.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Without expressing any
opinion about particular cases, on the premises
on which I am opposing this amendment, it
was an illegal seizure and sale of cotton which
ought not to have been made.
Sir. HOWE Very well; now I understand
the Senator. The cotton has not been legally
sold ; the title has not been legally -changed,
therefore the man who raised it still owns it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. He is entitled to the
proceeds of it.
Mr. HOWE. No, sir.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator misunder-
stands me. The cotton has been turned into
money, has been destroyed; and this is an
every day transaction where a party comes into
the possession of property of a perishable char-
acter belonging to somebody else ; he has no
right to_ appropriate it, but suppose he does
appropriate it and turns it into money, then
the owner of the property may claim the money
which the property brought. The Senator does
not deny that as a legal proposition, certainly.
Mr. HOWE. Stated a little differently, I
probably should not deny it. I do understand
that if I take the Senator's property, whether
it is perishable or not, and if I convert the
property into money, not into anything else
but into money, the courts will allow him to
waive the tort, as they say, and to bring an
assumpsit for the precise sum that I got for
the property. That is upon the equitable
ground that if I make a good sale of it and the
Senator prefers to have what I got for it, he
may proceed for the money instead of for the
thing itself; and when he does that he affirms
my sale.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The thing is destroyed.
Mr. HOWE. The question of the destruc-
tion of this property is an entirely diS'erent
thing. The property was what the Govern-
ment acted upon. They sold it; they con-
verted it into money, and put that money into
the Treasury, where- it rests under the sanc-
tions of all t.he laws which cover any dollar
that is in the Treasury. Now, to hold that
that money was the money of the man who
raised the cotton, you must hold that the sale
of the cotton was legal, was right. Then, I
inquire again, the pardon not attempting to do
more than to restore to the receiver of it his
property, it certainly did not restore to him the
cotton, and you must insist that it goes farther,
and restores to him this money which he never
saw and does not know anything about the
amount of.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It restored his rights
of action.
Mr. HOWE. His rights ofproperty. Now,
inasmuch as I have never understood that
these pardons could have any effect upon any
other property than that of which the party
receiving the pardon had not been divested
when the pardon was issued, I cannot see how
I violate the faith of the Government in voting
for this amendment.
Mr. President, I am sustained in this vote
by another consideration. This amendment
is only designed to effect the very purpose
which the Legislature had when it passed the
act of 1863. The Legislature meant by that
act to take from those who were aiding our
enemies all this kind of property, which was
felt to be one of the strongest arms of the
rebellion itself, meant to divest them of it
absolutely. It was obliged to take possession
of that which belonged both to friends and to
enemies, but it did not mean to strip our friends
of all remedy. It meant to strip them of that
property, meant that they should never again
have title to a particle of it, assumed full con-
trol of it, disposed of it, sold it, and said to
them: " You can never touch this property
again; you may in a certain court we have
established here, if you will prove two facts,
have what we got for that property." This
amendment, if agreed to, will secure still to
that class of people all the rights that they
ever claimed, and it will secure the Treasury
against the demands which the act of 1863
meant forever to close the Treasury against.
Mr. President, I have been a little surprised
to see how the objections to this amendment
have grown since the debate sprang up this
afternoon. If I did not very much mistake,
the Senator from Illinois and the Senator
from Ohio, both, when they commenced the
debate, commenced it upon the ground that it
was not necessary at all, because, by the law
as it stands, men who had given aid and com-
fort to the enemy could not sue in the Court of
Claims ; and now I understand the amendment
to be opposed upon the ground that they ought
to be allowed to sue. There is the difference
between myself and them. I insist we never
intended to give them the right to sue. I do
not want to give them the right to sue. I do
not think thepardon was intended at the time,
or could possibly have the effect to give them
the right to sue and the right of action merely
against the Government, and especially in a
particular tribunal, created for a particular
purpose. I do not think the pardon was in-
tended to confer any such right, and by its
terms I do not think it does confer any such
right.
Mr. STEVENSON. Mr. President, I
think everything has been said on this sub-
ject that can tend to enlighten our judgments.
It was a subject of great discussion last year,
and it has been thoroughly discussed again ;
and I now move to lay the amendment on the
table.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of executive
business
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
of the Senator from Michigau takes prece-
dence of the other motion. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Michigan.
Mr. STEVENSON. On that question I
ask for the yeas and nays. Let it be a test
question.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 11, nays 49 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs.Ames, Anthony, Boreman, Chand-
ler, Cragin,Ferry of Michigau, Flanagan, Gilbert.
Hitchcock, Pratt, and Scott—11.
NAYS—Messrs. Alcorn, Bayard, Buckingham,
Cameron. Carpenter, Casserly, Conkling, Cooper,
Corbett, Davis, Edmunds, Perry of Connecticut, Fre-
linghuysen, Goldthwaite, Hamilton of Maryland,
Hamilton of Texas, Hamlin, Harlan, Hill, Howe,
Johnston, Kelly, Machen, Morrill of Maine, Mor-
rill of Vermont, Morton, Norwood. Nye, Patterson,
Pool, Ramsey. Ransom, Rice, Robortson, Sauls-
bury, Sawyer, Schurz, Spencer, Sprague, Stevenson,
Stockton, Thurman, Tipton, Trumbull, Viekers,
West, Wilson, Windom, and Wright—49.
ABSENT—Messrs. Blair, l'.rown low, Caldwell,
Clayton, Cole, Fenton, Lewis, Logan, Osborn, Pome-
roy, Sherman, Stewart, and Sumner—13.
So the motion was not agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion recurs on the motion of the Senator from
Kentucky, to lay on the table ihe amendment
of the Senator from Vermont, [Mr. Morrill ]
Mr. STEVENSON. On that motion I ask
for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CHANDLER. The Senator from
Missouri [Mr. Blair] is paired with the Sen-
ator from Tennessee [Mr. Beownlow] on this
question. The Senator from Missouri if
present would vote "yea," and the Senator
from Tennessee would vote " nay."
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut. Upon this
auestion I am paired with the Senator from
Ohio, [Mr. Sherman.] If he were present
he would vote "nay," and I should vote
" yea."
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. On this ques-
tion I am paired with the Senator from New
York, [Mr. Fenton.] If he were present he
would vote " yea," and I should vote " nay."
Mr. STEWART. On this question I am
paired with the Senator from Virginia, [Mr.
Lewis.] If present he would vote "yea,"
and I should vote " nay."
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 28, nays 31; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Alcorn, Bayard, Casserly, Cooper,
Davis, Goldthwaite, Hamilton of Maryland. Hamil-
ton of Texas, Hill, Johnston, Kelly, Machen, Nor-
wood, Pool, Ransom, Rice, Robertson, Saulsbury,
Sawyer, Schurz,Spencer, Stevenson, Stockton,Thur-
mon, Tipton, Trumbull, Viekers, and West—28.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Boreman, Buck-
ingham, Cameron, Carpenter, Chandler, Conkling,
Corbett, Cragin,Edmunds, Flanagan, Frelinghuysen,
Gilbert. Hamlin, Harlan, Hitchcock, Howe, Logan,
Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Morton. Nye,
Patterson, Pratt, Ramsey, Scott, Sprague. Wilson,
Windom, nnd Wright—31.
ABSENT — Messrs. Blair. Brownlow, Caldwell,
Clayton, Cole, Fenton, Ferry of Connecticut, Ferry
of Michigau, Lewis, Osborn, Pomeroy, Sherman,
Stewart, and Sumner—14.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senate
refuses to lay the amendment on the table,
and the question recurs upon agreeing to the
amendment.
