1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
193$
Assembly at the capitol, and having- abstained from
taking their seats in said General Assembly, in
violation of law and the constitution of the State of
Alabama, formed an organization which they styled
the General Assembly of the State of Alabama, and
thereby attempted to usurp the constitutional
powers and authority of the General Assembly of
Alabama.
AH the meetings of the said body so claiming to be
the General Assembly of Alabama from the first or-
ganization thereof until the time when the said Hon.
George E. Spencer claims to have been elected
by said organization as a Senator for Alabama, were
held in the said court-room of the district court of
the United States, in a building in the city of Mont-
gomery belonging to the United States, or held by it
under a lease for a term then expired. And so your
memorialist alleges and shows that the Hon. George
E. Spencer claims his election as Senator of the Uni-
ted States by an illegal and unconstitutional body,
assembled at a place not authorized by law, and hav-
ing a less number of persons present in each house,
holding certificates of election, than is required by
the constitution to transact business, voting in said
election.
22. Your memorialist farther states that at the
time of the organization of said body, claiming to
be the General Assembly, at the court house, neither
JMr. Hubbard, the speaker of the house of repre-
sentatives of the State of Alabama, nor Hon. E. H.
Moren, the Lieutenant Governor, who was then pres-
ident of the senate of the State of Alabama, were
present at the said court house, nor participated in
said organization, but at that time both of the said
officers were present in the respective chambers of
the two houses of the General Assembly at the capi-
tol, in Montgomery, and were presiding therein.
Referring to article four, section six, of the consti-
tution of Alabama, before copied, it will be seen that
the president of the senate and the speaker of the
house of representatives remain in office until their
successors are qualified. By this constitutional pro-
vision the State secured the regular and orderly
succession of both houses of the General Assembly
after each general election, and avoided the dangers
that recent experience has shown to be too common
in the organization of legislative bodies. It is a
right of the people of the State, secured by the con-
stitution, to have the houses of the General Assembly
to organize under the presidency of these officers.
This provision of the constitution seems to have no
other important purpose than to seoui e to the legis-
lative bodies, after each general election, a consti-
tutional means of organization, Your memorialist
submits that it is a plain duty imposed, by the con-
stitution on the members of the respective houses to
assemble and organize under the presidency of these
officers, at the time and place prescribed by law.
They are held in their offices by the constitution,
without a reelection and until their successors are
qualified as links in the succession of the legislative
department. Their title to the offices they hold be-
ing beyond question they are made the centers of
constitutional authority around which the houses
may assemble. In exercising this constitutional
authority in the organization of the successive Legis-
latures they prevent the very evils which now vex
the State in the efforts being made to destroy or
evade this wise provision of the constitution. Your
memorialist further respectfully submits to the
Senate that under the circumstances stated in this
petition the General Assembly of Alabama could
not be constitutionally organized elsewhere than
at the capitol, and that while the president of
the senate was present and presiding therein and
the speaker of the house was present and presid-
ing in the house of representatives in their proper
chambers at thecapitol, the members of the General
Assembly, without the consent of their respective
houses, obtained by legislative action, could not
assemble themselves atanother place, and under the
presidency of other persons, and there set up a con-
stitutional legislative body. ^ t .
23. Your memorialist further_ submits that the
composition, organization, presidency, and succes-
sion of- the legislative department of the govern-
ment of Alabama, are provided for and regulated by
the constitution, and also by statute, and that these
statutes are of full force and obligation upon the
members of theGeneral Assembly to control them as
to time and place of their assembling, and also as to
the evidences which shall be sufficient to entitle
them to participate in the organization of each
house of the General Assembly; and, further, that
the constitution gives no power to the Governor to
abrogate a law, or repress a General Assembly, or to
prohibit its convention, or dissolve it, or decide upon
tho validity of the credentials of any member of
either house thereof; and, whatever weight of
honest conviction may pi ess upon the mmd or the
Governor to induce him to withhold his recognition
of a body assuming to be the General Assembly ot
Alabama, he cannot thereby affect its legal and con-
stitutional character, if the facts exist, which under
the constitution and statutes authorize the assem-
blage and organization thereof. The executive
department of the State government has no power
under the constitution of Alabama to adjudicate and
finally determine the question of the constitution-
ality and validity of the General Assembly.
Section sixteen, article four, of the constitu-
tion of Alabama, provides that laws may be enacted
without the express approval of the Governor, in
case he declines, or refusesioT fived&ys to return the
acts with his approval to the house m which they
originated; and laws may be enacted by a
of the whole number ot the members of each house,
OP a call of tho ayes and boos, over the veto of the
Go vernor. And by section six, article four, which is
above copied, it is provided that a contested elec-
tion shall be determined by the house in which the
contest is instituted, "in such manner as shall be di-
rected by law," so that, in the matter of deciding
upon the elections, qualifications, and returns or
their members, each House is indepenent of the
Governor and of the other coordinate departments
of the governmnntl; and the Legislature may por-
vide all laws for the good of the people without the
concurrence of the Governor, if he chooses to with-
hold it.
24. Your memorialist further represents that his
Excellency David P. Lewis, Governor of Alabama,
in assuming to withhold his recognition of the Gen-
eral Assembly convened at the capitol, which had
been recognized by his predecessor in office, and in
assuming to recognize the body claiming to be the
General Assembly convened at the court-house of
the district court of the United States, has officially
asserted as his reason for this action that six mem-
bers of the house of representatives hohiing certifi-
cates of election from the secretary of State, had
not been legally and constitutionally elected to the
offices which they claimed, and that six of the per-
sons who were assembled at the court-house, and
who did not hold certificates of election had been
legally and constitutionally elected to the offices in
relation to which certificates had been issued to the
others.
Your memorialist further respectfully submits
that it was not within the constitutional power or
province of the Governor of Alabama to decide
either of these questions, and that his decision
thereof is of no force or validity in law. The power
to make such decision rests alone with each house
of the General Assembly, and the attempt of any
coordinate department of the State government to
determine said question is an invasion of that part
of the constitution contained in the second section
of the third article, which declares "that no person
or collection of persons being of one of those depart-
ments shall exercise any power properly belonging
to either of the others, except in the instances here-
inafter expressly directed and permitted/'
25. The law of Alabama governing contested elec-
tions in each house of the General Assembly is
established by the constitution and by statutes, rules,
and precedents. The act of October 8,1868, to regu-
late elections in Alabama, contains full and specific
provisions on this subject, which are copied in paper
Ko. 4, hereto annexed. Many cases of contested
elections in each house of the General Assembly
have been heard and determined by such houses.
That provision of the constitution of Alabama
which requires that a contested election "shall be
determined in such manner as shall be directed by
law," excludes and repels the idea that either the
Governor or any number of the members of the
houses of tho General Assembly can determine a
contested election without ahearing, in such manner
as shall be directed by law, being given to the party
holding a certificate of election to a seat in either
house; and without an opportunity being afforded
such person to establish his right, under the law and
under the constitution, to the office which he claims.
The bodies that met at the United States district
court-room, claiming to be the General Assembly of;
Alabama, assumed the right to disregard the cer-
tificates of election held by the members assembled
at the capitol, and with the intent to prevent said
members, or some of them, from participating in any
act of legislation or in the organization of either
house, separated themselves from the other members
assembled at the capitol, and undertook to decide
upon the validity of the certificates issued to mem-
bers who remained in the houses at the capitol,
without a hearing being given to such members,
and without any opportunity being afforded them to
establish, by said certificates or otherwise, their
rights as members of the General Assembly of the
State of Alabama.
26. Tho principles of parliamentary law of uni-
versal usage in this country and England, and in
force in Alabama, as to the rights of persons hold-
ing certificates of election to legislative assemblies
are as follows:
I. " That every person duly returned is amember,
whether legally elected or not, until his election is
II. " That no person who is not duly returned is a
member even though legally elected, until his elec-
tion is established.
III. "That conflicting claimants, both m form,
legally returned, are neither of them entitled to be
considered as members until the question between
them has been settled; " and
IV. " Those members who are duly returned, and
they alone"—(the members whose rights are to be
determined being excluded)—" constitute a judicial
tribunal for the decision of all questions of this na-
ture. "
It is also equally well established as law that
where the manner of conducting the elections has
been established by the laws, and the evidences
of authenticating them has been prescribed, that the
only evidences by virtue of which any one can right-
fully assume, or be permitted to assume, the func-
tions of amemberof a Legislative Assembly, undera
representative form of government, is the return or
certificate which contains or embodies the results of
the proceedings at the election, as decided upon by
the returning officers." In the application of these
principles of law to the facts above set forth, it is
rcspoctfully submitted to the Senate, that it appears
to be clear that the body which assembled at the
capitol constituted a majority of the whole number
of tho members of each house of the General Assem-
bly, and each of said members so assembled holding
his certificate of election, issued in pursuance of
klaw, that said body was the lawful, rightful, and
constitutional General Assembly of the State of
Alabama; and that the assemblage that met at the
court-house could not be the General Assembly of
Alabama. That the ©lection held by the 'said last
mentioned assemblage for Senator of the United
States was void, and the certificate of election issued
to Hon. George E. Spencee by the Governor, and.
based upon such election, is not valid mJaw. Your
memoralist states that while said certificate pur-
ports to be based upon an election held by the Gen-
eral Assembly of the State of Alabama, tho official
acts and declarations of the present Governor of
Alabama establish that he employed these terms in
said certificate as being descriptive of the Assembly
which held its meetings at the court-house in Mont-
gomery, and it therefore appears from such certifi-
cate, in connection with the other public and official
acts of th e Governor herein referred to, that said cer-
tificate has reference only to an election for which
there was neither legal nor constitutional authority.
27. Your memorialist submits herewith to the
senate a copy of communication from his Excellency
David P. Lewis, Governor of Alabama, to a com-
mittee of the General Assembly, at the capitol, in
which he sets forth, officially, his reasons for giving
his recognition, as Governor, to the body assembled
at the court-house, and for withholding his recogni-
tion of the General Assembly at the capitol in Mont-
gomery. Said communication is set forth in paper
JNO. 3. Petitioner does not admit nor concede all
the statements of facts made in said paper; but on
the contrary, he denies any of them that conflict in
anysense with thematterssetforthinthismemorial.
Your memorialist also submits an opinion in
writing, given by Hon. Samuel F. Rice, Hon.
Thomas J. Judge, and Hon. William G Jones, to
A. J. Parker, the secretary of State of Alabama,
who issued the certificates of election to. all the
members of the General Assembly elected in No-
vember, 1872, as shown by the returns of ©lections
made to him. Said i>aper is herete annexed, and
marked No. 2. In said paper is set forth the facts
which relate to the issue of the certificates of elec-
tion by th e said secretary of State to the sen ator and
members of the house of representatives of Barbour
county. The opinion of the gentlemen, given over
their signatures, and who are persons of acknowl-
edged ability as counsellors at law, was a guide to
said secretary of State in the performance of what
he considered to be his duty in that behalf.
Your memorialist-believes that there cannot be
any just impeachment of the motives or conduct of
Mr. Parker in the issue of the said certificates; but
if any error was committed by him in the perform-
ance of any duty required by law, his act, performed
under the sanctions of his official oath, like every
other preliminary act or duty required by law to be
performed by a sworn officer, in holding, returning,
or certifying an election of members of the General
Assembly, is in law, and according to parliamentary
usage, cousidered valid until the contrary is made
to appear, in a proper proceeding, before the body
having jurisdiction to render a final decision as to
the validity of such certificates, or the regularity
of such preliminary acts.
28. Your petitioner respectfully submits to tho
Senate that he is entitled to be seated as the Senator
of the United States for t&e State of Alabama from
and after the 4th of March, 1873, and he is ready to
take the oath of office whenever it shall be the pleas-
ure of the Senate that he shall do so; or, if the Sen-
ate shall decide that the credentials, presented Joy
Hon. George E. Spencer prima Jacic entitle Mm
to be received and seated as a Senator for Ala-
bama, your petitioner respectfully asks that such
action be taken in the premises by the Senate as
wiil enable him duly to present, and to prove, and
to establish his right to the office of Senator, and
his right to be received and seated as the Senator
from Alabama, for the term to commence on the 4th
of March, 1873, in the place of Hon. George E.
Spencek, and notwithstanding the certificate of his
election, which he has put in the possession of the
Senate. FRANCIS W. SYKES.
The memorial was ordered to lie on the table.
ADMIRAL DAHhGREN's WIDOW.
Mr. SHERMAN. At an early period of
this session the Senate passed by a unanimous
vote a bill for the relief of Mrs. Dahlgren.
The Senator from Vermont [Mr. Mokrill]
moved a reconsideration with a view of offer-
ing an amendment. While I am opposed to
his amendment, yet rather than have the matter
hanging longer, I will move to take up the
question in Order to allow the Senator to offer
his amendment so that it may he acted on.
The "VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Ohio asks unanimous consent to call up
the bill for the relief of Mrs. Dahlgren. Is
there objection ?
Mr. LOGrAN. I object.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask the Senator to
withdraw his objection.
Mr. LOGAN. Is it with a view to pass the
bill?
Mr, SHERMAN, It 18 with a view to strike
