1872
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
9
vast amount of educational details of great
interest. The hill now pending before Con-
gress providing for the appropriation of the
net proceeds of the sales of public lands for
educational purposes to aid the States in the
general education of their rising generation is
a measure of such great importance to our
real progress, and is so unanimously approved
by the leading friends of education, that I com-
mend it the favorable attention of Congress.
territories.
Affairs in the Territories are generally sat-
isfactory. The energy and busiuess capacity
of the pioneers who are settling up the vast
domains not yet incorporated into States are
keeping pace in internal improvements and
civil government with the older communities.
In but one of them, Utah, is the condition of
atfairs unsatisfactory, except so far as the quiet
of the citizeu may be disturbed by real or
imaginary danger of Indian hostilities.
It has seemed to be the policy of the Legis-
lature of Utah to evade all responsibility to
the Government of the United States, and
even to hold a position in hostility to it. I
recommend a careful revision of the pres-
ent laws of the Territory by Congress, and the
enactment of such a law (the one proposed in
Congress at its last session, for instance, or
something similar to it) as will secure peace,
the equality of all citizens before the law, and
the ultimate extinguishment of polygamy.
Since the establishment of a territorial gov-
ernment for the District of Columbia the
improvement of the condition of the city of
\Ya>hington and surroundings, and the in-
creased prosperity of the citizens, is observ-
able to the most casual visitor. The nation,
being a large owner of property in this city,
should bear, with the citizens of the District,
its just share of the expense of these improve-
ments. I recommend, therefore, an appropria-
tion to reimburse the citizens for the work done
by them along and in front of public grounds
during the past year ; and liberal appropria-
tions, in order that the improvement and
embellishment of the public buildings and
grounds may keep pace with the improve-
ments made by the territorial authorities.
AGRICULTURE.
The report of the Commissioner of Agri-
culture gives a very full and interesting account
of the several divisions of that Department—
the horticultural, agricultural, statistical, ento-
mological, and chemical, and the benefits con-
ferred by each upon the agricultural interests
of the country. The whole report is a com-
plete history in detail of the workings of that
Department in all its branches, showing the
manner in which the farmer, merchant, and i
miner is informed, and the extent to which he !
is aided in his pursuits. ,
The Commissioner makes one recommenda- 1
tion: that measures be taken by Congress to I
protect and induce the planting of forests, and I
suggests that no part of the public land should j
he disposed of without the condition that one
tenth of it be reserved in timber where it \
exists, and where it does not exist induce- '
ments should be offered for planting it. !
centennial (je l miration". j
In accordance with the terms of the act of
Congress approved March 3, 1871, providing j
for the celebration of the one hundredth an-
niversary of American Independence, a com- j
mission has been organized, consisting of two ,
members from each of the States and Territo- j
ries. This commission has held two sessions,
and has made satisfactory progress in the
organization, and in the initiatory steps neces-
sary for carrying out the provisions'of the act,
and for executing also the provisions of the
act of June 1,1872, creating a centennial board
of finance. A preliminary report of progress
has been received from the president of the
commission, and is herewith transmitted. It
will be the duty of the commission at your
coming session to transmit a full report of the
progress made, and to lay before you the
details relating to the exhibition of American
and foreign arts, products, and manufactures,
which, by the terms of the act, is to be held
under the auspices of the Government of the
United States, in the city of Philadelphia, in
the vear 187G.
Tliis celebration will be looked forward to
by many American citizens with great interest,
as marking a century of greater progress and
prosperity than is recorded in the history of
any other nation, and as serving a furt her good
purpose in bringing together on our soil peoples
of all the commercial nations of the earth in a
manner calculated to secure international good
feeliug.
CIVIL SERVICE.
An earnest desire has been felt to correct
abuses which have grown up in the civil service
of the country through the defective method
of making appointments to office. Heretofore
Federal offices have been regarded too much
as the reward of political services. Under
authority of Congress rules have been estab-
lished to regulate the tenure of office and the
mode of appointments. It cannot be expected
that any system of rules can be entirely effect-
ive and prove a perfect remedy for the existing
evils until they have been thoroughly tested by
actual practice and amended according to the
requirements of the service. During my term
of office it shall be my earnest endeavor to so
apply the rules as to secure the greatest pos-
sible reform in the civil service of the Govern-
ment, but it will require the direct action of
Congress to render the enforcement of the sys-
tem binding upon my successors, and I hope
that the experience of the past year, together
with appropriate legislation by Congress, may
reach a satisfactory solution of this question,
and secure to the publie service for all time a
practical method of obtaining faithful and effi-
cient officers and employ6s.
U. S. GRANT.
Executive Mansion, December 2, 1872.
Mr. ANTHONY. I move that the message
and accompanying papers be laid on the table,
and printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. ANTHONY submitted the following
resolution; which was ordered to lie on the
table: \
Resolved, That three thousand additional copies
of the President's annual message be printed for
the use of tbe Senate.
FINANCE REPORT.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate the annual report of the Secretary of the 1
Treasury on the finances ; which was ordered
to lie on the table, and be printed.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate a letter of the Secretary of War, trans-
mitting papeia in relation to the canal at the
falls of the Ohio river, known as the Louis-
ville and Portland canal; which was ordered
to lie on the table, and be printed.
He also laid before the Senate a letter of the
Secretary of War, recommending the passage
of an act for the reversion to the public
domain of an island in the Missouri river
lying east of Kansas City, Missouri, no longer
needed as a military reservation ; which was
ordered to lie on the table, and be printed.
He also laid before the Senate a report of
the Secretary of the Interior, transmitting, in
obedience' (to law, ari account of property be-
longing to the United States in the possession
of that Department; which was ordered to lie
on the table, and be printed.
He also laid before the Senate a report of
the chief clerk af the Court of Claims, trans-
mitting, in obedience tfilaw, a statement of alt
judgments rendered by that court for tbe year
ending Dscember 2, 1$7.2 j which was ordered
to lie on the table, and be printed.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and (at two
o'clock und forty-five minutes p«- m.) the
Senate adjourned.
i HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, December 2, 1872.
This being the day designated by the Con-
stitution for the meeting of Congress, the mem-
bers of the House of Representatives of the
Forty-Second Congress assembled in their
Hall for their third session. At twelve o'clock
m., the Speaker, Hon. James G. Blaine, a
member from the State of Maine, called the
House to order.
thayer.
The Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler, I). D.,
offered the following prayer:
Father, we enter upon these solemn and
responsible duties lifting up our hearts to Thee
for wisdom and guidance and grace. Amid
the shafts of death the great and small have
fallen. Thou hast mercifully preserved us,
crowning our life with loving kindness and
tender mercies. Oh, that Tliy goodness may
draw our hearts to Thee in obedient, grateful,
and trusting love.
Bless these Thy servants in their persons, in
their families, in the relations they sustain to
each other, and to this great Government, and
all the people in whose interests they are called
together. Give them wisdom, we pray Thee,
oh God, a clear understanding of the right
with courageous hearts, delivered from all
uncharitableness. Sanctify to us, we entreat
Thee, the painful dispensations of Thy provi-
dence. As Thou art teaching us our own mor-
tality, help us every day to live conscious of
our dependence upon Thee, and to meet every
day's duties in Thy fear, looking to God for
strength, for guidance, and for grace.
Bless our Government in all its depart-
ments—the executive,' the legistative, and
the judicial—with all the people of this land.
Oh, Father, heal our divisions, giving us wise
and righteous rulers, just and salutary laws,
and an obedient aud God-fearing people.
Establish Thine own kingdom in our hearts
and in the hearts of all the people.
We thank Thee, oh God, for all the blessings
with which Thou hast crowned us amid the
nations of the earth ; and we pray that every-
where these blessings which we so abundantly
enjoy may be extended until the arm of the
oppcessor shall be broken, and all people shall
enjoy all that comes to us through Christ our
Lord. We ask these mercies, with forgive-
ness and peace, in the name of the Adorable
Redeemer. Amen.
call of tub roll.
The SPEAKER. This being the time fixfed
by the Constitution for the opening of the third
session of the Forty-Second Congress, the
Clerk of the House will call th« roll of mem-
bers, to ascertain whether a quorum is in attend-
ance, and will also call the Delegates from the
various Territories.
The Clerk then called the roll-; and the fol-
lowing members answered t(J their names:
John Lynch,
William P. Frye,
James G. Blaine,
MAINE.
John A. Peters,
Eugene Hale.
NEW HAMPSHIRE.
Ellery A. Hihbard, Hosea W. Parker.
Samuel N. Bell, -•
YKKMONT.
Charles W. Willard, Worthington C. Smith.
Luke P. Poland,
MASSACHUSETTS.
James BuffintOn, Nathapiel P. Banks,
Oakes Ames, (Jeorgo F. Hoar,
Winery Twichell, • Alvah Crocker, T
Samuel Hooper, ■ Henry Tj. Daite^.
Benjamin P. Butler,
