1984
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28,
out the part to which the Senator objected,
and put the bill in a form which he intimated
he would consent to,
Mr, LOGAN. If it is with the view of pass-
ing the bill, I certainly object because I object
to all parts of the bill, and have documents
here whenever it comes up to show that it is
not a fair proposition to be passed by the
Senate. Therefore I say it will involve dis-
cussion if it is called up.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I will say to
the Senator from Illinois that the proposition
which I intend to move is to give an outright
sum to the widow of Dahlgren and not have
the matter referred to the Court of Claims
at all.
Mr. LOGAN. I desire to say 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Illinois object, or reserve his right
to object until after the bill has been taken
up?
Mr. LOGAN. Reserving my right, I desire
to say now, inasmuch as the Senator from
Ohio said that he would do away with my
objection, that I am not captious in making
the objection. I have a report here that I
have reserved, containing a letter from Ad-
miral Dahlgren to the Patent Office showing
that he is not entitled to, and did not ask,
and never expected to do any such thing,
and for that reason I object to the whole
proposition.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Very well,
that is enough.-
orville j. jennings.
Mr. FENTON. I ask consent of the Sen-
ate to eall up House bill No. 2910. It is a
very short bill, and I am sure there will be no
objection to it.
By unanimous consent, the bill (H. R. No.
2910} for the relief of Orville J. Jennings was
considered as in Committee of the Whole.
The Secretary of the Treasury is directed by
the bill to pay to Orville J. Jennings, of Pul-
ton, New York, $8,132 95, in full for work per-
formed in removing what was known as the
"debris of the old outer breakwater,'' in the
harbor of Dunkirk, New York, undera contract
with Captain F. Harwood, of the engineer
corps, United States Army, dated the 30th of
December, 1868.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
general cakleton's heirs.
Mr. COLE. I have in my hand a little bill
which is a matter of very little importance to
the Government, but is very important to
those interested, and 1 wish to ask for its
consideration. It will take but a moment. It
is the bill (S. No. 1375) granting relief to
Eva, Ella, Henry, and Guy Carleton, heirs of
General James H. Carleton, deceased.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill.
The Committee on Claims reported an
amendment to strike out the word "Ella" and
insert "Etta" in line five, and after the words
" legal representatives" in line seven to insert
the words "in full satisfaction," and in line
ten to strike out the words " with interest
from the date of the award of the board of
survey;" so as to make the bill read:
Be it enacted, That the Secretary of the Treas-
ury be, and he is hereby, authorized and directed to
ray, out of any money in the Treasury not other-
wise appropriated, to Eva, Etta, Henry, and Ouy
Oarleton, heirs of General James II. Carleton, or
their legal representatives, in full satisfaction for
property destroyed by order of General Canby, dated
I .irt Craig, New Mexico, February 21,1882, the sum
$7,600, under special order Xo. J59, issued by
drneral E. R. S. Canby, and dated Santa F<S, New
Mexico, September 3,1862.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendment was concurred
in. The bill was ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading, read the third time, and
The title was amended by changing "Ella"
to "Etta."
josiah morris and j. p. johnson.
Mr. GOLDTHWAITE. I ask unanimous
consent to call up House bill No. 3855.
By unanimous consent, the bill (H. R. No.
8855) for the relief of Josiah Morris and J. P.
Johnson was considered as in Committee of
the Whole. It is a direction to the Secretary
of the Treasury to make the proper payment
to carry into effect the decree of the district
court of the United States for the middle dis-
trict of Alabama, bearing date June 8, 1870,
in the caseof Josiah Morris and J. P. Johnson,
claimants of one hundred and twenty bales of
cotton, appellants, vs. United States, for cotton
illegally seized by the United States, which
decree was made in pursuance of the decision
of the Supreme Court of the United States,
pronounced at the December term, 1868, such
payment to be made to the person named in
such decree, or his legal representative, the
sum therein awarded to him, $30,509.
Mr. CONKLING. Is there a report in that
The VICE PRESIDENT. There is.
Mr. CONKLING. I ask to hear it read.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning
hour is about expiring, but if there be no
objection the report will be read.
The Secretary commenced to read the re-
port submitted by Mr. Machen from the Com-
mittee on Claims on the 15th of February.
Mr. SPRAGUE. By request of the Com-
mittee on Appropriations I call for the regular
order.
The_ VICE PRESIDENT. The regular
order is the unfinished business pending at the
the last adjournment, which is the appropria-
tion bill known as the sundry civil bill, which
is now before the Senate as in Committee of
the Whole.
Mr. HARLAN. I would appeal to the
chairman of the committee to allow the Senate
to take up House bill No. 8919. I am quite
sure now it will take but a few moments, it
was objected to by the Senator from Vermont
[Mr. Edmuxds] when called up heretofore;
but that Senator has informed my colleague
that he will make no further objection to it.
I think there will be no objection to it and it
will occupy but a few moments.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I call for the regular
order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Iowa asks unanimous consent, pending
the appropriation bill, to call up the Raccoon
fork bill.
Mr. SPRAGUE. Let us go on with the
regular order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Rhode Island objects.
Mr. GOLDTHWAITE, I hope the bill
which was under consideration at the expira-
tion of the morning will be continued.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It can be again
called up at some other time. It goes back
on the Calendar.
message fkoh the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the Speaker of the House had signed the
following enrolled bills; and they were there-
upon signed by the Vice President:
A bill (S. No. 873) for the relief of Francis
A. Gibbons;
A bill (S. No. 1645) to provide for the ex-
penses of the investigation of alleged frauds
in the recent senatorial election in Kansas ;
A bill (S. No. 1596) relating to the circuit
and district courts of the United States for
the middle and northern districts of Alabama;
A bill (S. No. 1321) for the relief of Ben-
jamin H. Campbell, marshal of the United
States for the northern district of Illinois; and
A bill (S. No. 1439) to transfer the control
of certain powers and duties iu relation to the
Territories to the Department of the Interior.
civil appropriation bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill known
as the sundry civil expenses appropriation bill
is now before the Senate as in Committee of
the Whole.
Mr. COLE. I ask that the amendments
appearing in the printed bill be considered as
we progress in the reading.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That being the
usual course on appropriation bills, the amend-
ments of the Committee on Appropriations
will be considered as they are reached in the
text.
Mr. COLE. I move that debate on amend-
ments to this bill be confined to five minutes
on each motion under the new rule adopted
for this session.
The motion was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will now read the bill, and the amendments of
the Committee on Appropriations will be con-
sidered as they occur in the text.
The Chief Clerk proceeded to read the bill
(H. R. No. 3921) making appropriations for
sundry civil expenses of the Government for
the fiscal year ending June 30, 1874, and for
other purposes.
The first amendment reported by the Com-
mittee on Appropriations was in line nine, to
reduce the total appropriation " for the public
printing, for the public binding, and for paper
for the public printing." from $2,069,384 02
to §2,000,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line fourteen
in the specification of items, to increase the
amount allowed "for the Court of Claims"
from $10,000 to $14,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line twenty-five,
to reduce the amount allowed '' for the supreme
court of the District of Columbia" from
§10,000 to $1,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line twenty-
seven, to reduce the amount allowed " for both
Houses of Congress" from $1,064,384 02 to
$1,000,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to add at the end
of the paragraph, on line thirty-three, the fol-
lowing :
And the last proviso to the act providing for
printing and reporting the debates in Congress,
approved April 2,1872, is hereby repealed.
Mr. SHERMAN. That, amendment pre-
sents the whole question of printing the Con-
gressional Globe. It, repeals the law which
prohibits the continuation of the present plan
of printing the Globe.
Mr. ANTHONY. The law, as I have had
occasion to state several times here whph
trying to call up the bill for publishing the
congressional debates, prohibits tin- publi-
cation of any debates out of the public funds
after the 4th of March unless by contract
entered into by Congress.
Mr. SHERMAN. This repeals that.
Mr. ANTHONY. This repeals it; so that
| if this proviso does not prevail, after 'he 4.h
of March, if we lail to make any contract for
carrying on the publication, it will be impos-
sible for the Senate legally to report and print
its debates—even to report them.
Mr. SHERMAN. What I wish to ask is
this: suppose this amendment is adop'i-d,
would the printing of the Congressiomti Sjii/ut;
on the present plan go on?
Mr. AN1HONY. That depcrnN on Con-
gress. The Senate would have a right, I sup-
pose, out of its contingent fund, to provide
tor the reportingand publication of the debates
of the short session, as we al! expect it to be,
