1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
11
Mr. BROOKS. One word, and it is alto-
gether unpremeditated. I wish this resigna-
tion could not be accepted by the House,
though I do not propose to divide the House
upon the question ; for it seems to me that if
there be any committee on earth in which
there should be no political difference, no
party separation, in which the whole country
should act as a unit without reference to party,
it is that one which has the administration of
our foreign affairs. As I have said, I do not
propose to divide the House, for I have no
right to do so, being in the minority ; but I
wish the committee could stand as it is, for I
am quite sure that there can be no essential
or marked difference between the chairman of
the Committee on Foreign Affairs and the
majority of the House. It is not for me, how-
ever, to divide the House ; I can but express
my deep regret that any possibility should
arise by which the Committee on Foreign
Affairs should ever be so organized as to rep-
resent any particular party.
Mr. KILLINGER. I did not understand the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Banks]
to ask to be excused from service on the com-
mittee, but simply to be relieved from the
duties of chairman.
Mr. BANKS. I asked to be excused from
my appointment as a member of the com-
mittee.
Mr. KILLINGER. I misunderstood the
gentleman, then.
Mr. KELLOGG. I trust the gentleman
from Massachusetts will withdraw his resigna-
tion, for the present at any rate. I do not
believe this side of the House wish to have
him tender his resignation.
The question was put upon excusing Mr.
Banks from further service on the Commit-
tee on Foreign Affairs; and there were—
ayes 59, noes 76.
So the House refused to excuse Mr. Banks.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Mc-
Donald, its chief clerk, informed the House
that the Senate had passed a resolution for
the appointment of a committee on its part, to
join such committee as may be appointed on
the part of the House of Representatives, to
wait upon the President of the United States
and inform him that a quorum of each House
has assembled, and that Congress is ready to
receive any communication he may be pleased
to make; and that the Senate had appointed
Mr. Conkling, of New York, and Mr. Thur-
man, of Ohio, the committee on its part.
alleged bribery of members.
Mr. BLAINE, (Mr. Cox occupying the
chair.) Mr. Speaker, I rise to a question of
the highest privilege, to one that concerns the
integrity of members of this House and the
honor of the House itself. It is quite gener-
ally known to the members of this House that
during the recent presidential campaign there
was a wide-spread accusation of bribery of
members; that members of this House were
bribed to perform certain legislative acts for
the benefit of the Union Pacific Railroad Com-
pany by presents of stock in a corporation
known as the "Credit Mobilier." Without
obtruding myself as one of eminent station, I
may say that the charge struck in high places.
It included the Vice President of the United
States, the Vice President-elect of the United
States; it included three Senators of the Uni-
ted States, two of them ex-Senators from Ten-
nessee and Delaware, and a present Senator
from New Hampshire; it included the Secre-
tary of the Treasury of the United States ; it
included honorable and prominent members
of this House—my friend, the chairman of
the Ways and Means, [Mr. Dawes;] my
friend, the chairman of the Appropriations
Committee, [Mr. Garfield;] the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Kellet,'] the chair-
man of the Civil Service Committee; the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Bingham,] the
chairman of the Judiciary Committee; the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Scofield,]
the chairman of the Naval Committee; on the
other side of the House, the prominent and
distinguished member of the Ways and Means
Committee from New York, [Mr. Brooks,]
and a member from Pennsylvania (Mr.
Boyer) not now in this House; and besides
these, a gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr.
Eliot) no longer among the living, but sleep-
ing in what was considered an honored grave.
These accusations *are that the several per-
sons received bribes from the hands of
a Representative from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Ames.] A charge of bribery of members is
the gravest that can be made in a legislative
body. It seems to me, sir, that this charge
demands prompt, thorough, and impartial
investigation, and I have taken the floor for
the purpose of moving that investigation.
Unwilling, of course, to appoint any commit-
tee of investigation to examine into a charge
in which I was myself included, I have called
you, sir, to the chair, an honored member of
the House, honored here and honored in the
country; and when on Saturday last I called
upon you and advised you of this service, I
placed upon you no other restriction in the
appointment of a committee than that it should
not contain a majority of my political friends.
I therefore send to the Clerk's desk, for
adoption by the House, a preamble and
accompanying resolution. If there be no gen-
tleman desiring to discuss them, I will call the
previous question.
The Clerk read as follows:
Whereas aocusations have been made in thepub-
lio press, founded on the alleged letters of Oak.es
Ames, a Representative from Massachusetts, and
upon the alleged affidavit of Henry C. McComb, a
citizen of Wilmington, in the State of Delaware, to
the effect that members of this House were bribed
by Oakes Ames to perform certain legislative acts
for the benefit of the Union Pacific Railway Com-
pany by presents of stock in the Credit Mobilierof
America., or by presents of a valuable character
derived therefrom: Therefore,
Resolved, That a special committee of five mem-
bers be appointed by the Speaker pro tempore,
whose duty it shall be to investigate and ascertain
whether any member of this House was bribed by
Oakes Ames in any matter touching his legislative
duty.
Resolved further, That the committee have the
right to employ a stenographer, and that they be
empowered to send for persons and papers.
The question was upon the adoption of the
preamble and resolutions.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. .This
resolution, by inadvertence I assume, relates
only to bribery by a member of this House.
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. Cox.)
Does the gentleman from Maine [Mr. Blaine]
withdraw the call for the previous question ?
Mr. BLAINE. Certainly.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I would
suggest to the mover of the resolution to mod-
ify it, or I will move to amend it, so that it
will read, "bribed by Oakes Ames or any
other person."
Mr. BLAINE. I will modify the resolution
to that effect.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. It should
be made as broad as possible.
Mr. BLAINE. Certainly. In intimating
a desire to call the previous question I had no
intention to cut off any amendment or remark.
I said that if no other member desired to
speak upon it, I would call the previous ques-
tion. I will modify the resolution so that it
will read, "bribed by Oakes Ames, or any
other person or corporation."
Mr. KELLEY. I would suggest to thegen-
tleman from Maine [Mr. Blaine] that he has
not given Mr. McCombs's name correctly.
Mr. BLAINE. I do not know the gentle-
man. I have seen the name in print as "Henry
C. McComb."
Mr. KELLEY. It is "HenryS. McCombs."
Mr. BLAINE. I will make that correction.
If the gentleman who occupies the chair de-
sires any further time in which to make up
this committee, I will call the yeas and nays.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
would suggest to the gentleman from Maine
[Mr. Blaine] that the resolution has not yet
been adopted, and therefore the Chair has no
right, as yet, to appoint the committee. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. BLAINE. "The gentleman from
Maine" stands corrected. [Laughter.]
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The ques-
tion is upon the adoption of the preamble and
resolutions, which have been read.
Mr. ARCHER. I hope this resolution will
not be adopted. This question has been tried
by a higher tribunal than this House. The
charges were made broadcast all over the
country before the campaign through which
we have just passed took place. Upon them
the American people have spoken. We had
much better go on with the bnsiness of the
country than to continue such investigations
as we have had.
Mr. RANDALL. I hope that this resolu-
tion will be adopted. I had hoped that it
would be adopted with unanimity. I trust
that, in the language of the Speaker, this
investigation will be lull, thorough, and search-
ing. Less than that will not meet the expedi-
tion or the requirements of the people of the
country. There has been a dark cloud of
scandal raised over this House. It i3 due to
such members as have not in any manner
whatever been involved in any such proceed-
ings that their characters should be lifted
above suspicion; and, further, that the heavy
thunderbolt of public opinion should fall upon
those few, if any, who are implicated in voting
for bills in which they were directly or indi-
rectly interested.
Mr. DAWES. I agree with the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Randall.] I hope
this resolution will be adopted without a dis-
senting voice. Without expressing any opinion
in reference to the result of such an investiga-
tion, it is due to the House, as well as to the
members implicated, that there should be no
shrinking at this time from a thorough, ex-
haustive, fair, and impartial investigation. In
times that have passed I have borne my full
share in urging upon the House the propriety
of taking cognizance of charges of this kind
when presented by responsible authority. I
do not intend now to shrink from any such
investigation ; and I trust that those who stand
with me to-day will feel, as I have no doubt
they do, the propriety of calling upon the
House, without opposition and without dis-
sent, to pursue this investigation as they would
a judicial trial, in such a manner that the re-
sult will command, as I have no doubt it will
receive, the approval of the American people.
Mr. HOLM AN. It seems to me very proper
that this resolution should be adopted and this
committee raised. It seems to me that the
House, without dissent, with that unanimity
which will arrest the attention of the countiy,
should adopt this resolution, I think the
House owes this to itself, to the individual
members composing this body, and to the
country. I trust this resolution will be adopted
without a dissenting voice.
The preamble and resolutions, as modified,
were agreed to.
Mr. BLAINE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the preamble and resolutions were
adopted ; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The present
occupant of the chair having been advised
beforehand that he would be called upon to
act on this matter, has had time enough to
select a committee, which he submits as the
result of his best judgment, having in view the
securing of a fair and impartial investigation.
The Clerk read, as follows, the names of the
members constituting the committee:
Luke P. Poland of -Vermont, Nathaniel
P. Banks of Massachusetts, James B. Beck
