976
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 30,
Now, what is intended to be the result of
this amendment? That the Court of Claims
shall reuder two classes of judgments; that
one class of judgments shall not undergo re-
vision by Congress and have its facts tried
here ; the other class shall undergo inspection
by Congress and shall have its history again
passed upon by the Senate. Against whom
is that, discrimination directed? Against
what class of people ? Against those who
have been pardoned. What do you mean by
that? You mean to say that though men
have received this pardon you will diminish
its effects substantially. Now, sir, I care not
for the technical reason about this matter; it
is plain to me that if you can accomplish this
result indirectly, you have pro tanto wiped out
the effects of a pardon which your Constitu-
tion and laws tell you shall be perfect and
complete according to the discretion of the
pardoning power.
I believe that that was the intent and the
meaning of the decision of the Supreme Court
of the United States. It was to protect the
executive prerogative of pardon against inva-
sion by the Legislature in any form and in any
shape. Should this amendment become a law,
should it receive, as I trust it may not receive,
either the sanction of this House or of the
coordinate body and the assent of the Presi-
dent, I still believe that under the light of law
and reason it will be found invalid, because it
does invade practically the result of a pardon.
It says that pardoned citizens and unpardoned
citizens shall constitute two classes in the eye
of the law. If on account ot the pardon you
can so discriminate against a man, how can it
be denied that to that extent you have invaded
its x'esults and deprived it of the power which
by the Constitution it was intended to have?
But, sir, what was the use of creating your
Court of Claims but to remove from this body,
one of the most unfit bodies on the face of
the earth for such a purpose, the decision of
questions of fact? liy its constitution this
body is unfitted to decide questions of fact.
There is not a man among us who does not
feel that every day and that when questions of
fact are at issue he is voting constantly in the
dark. It was because we were felt to be unfit
to pass upon questions of fact, and oftentimes
upon questions of law, that claims against the
Government of the United States, whose hon-
esty was not to be impeached, were referred
to a tribunal of our own creation, fitted by its
machinery and by the laws of its creation
to deal properly and justly so that both sides
could be heard and a proper result on an issue
of fact reached.
If the Court of Claims was considered a
proper tribunal to be constituted for the pur-
pose of properly adjudicating claims against
the United States, which by reason of their
sovereignty they were compelled to assent to
be sued for, why should you in the present
case single out one class of people who are
not to be treated as equals in that court?
And when you degrade them below their just
and legal equality you do so by degrading and
detracting from the presidential power of par-
don. If any gentleman on this floor has shown
or can show the power of Congress to dimin-
ish in any degree the presidential power of
complete pardon and reprieve, then I may
admit that you may place conditions upon his
pardon or make exceptions ; then you may
frame your laws as to the Court of Claims and
others so as to exclude men from the avenues
of public justice—a fact which by itself I should
hold disgraceful to the nation that attempted
it. What! shall it be said that this great
nation is not strong enough to bear justice
at the hands of its own people, before officers
of its own creation ; that tried by its own
agents and by its own citizens it cannot bear
the light of day and stand the result of equal
lawsl Why, sir, the confession is monstrous.
If your judges are so corrupt, impeach them
and discharge them from office ; but never say
that the Government of the United States
will not stand upon the same moral and legal
basis for the moneys in its Treasury that it
claims shall be the law for the humblest citi-
zen which it controls. Not only that; do not
add to that confession of a sense of inequity
that will not bear examination, that you do
it by destroying substantially that clear pre-
rogative of the President of the United States
by 'his pardon to render the man who has
committed an offense against the Govern-
ment of the United States as if he never had
committed theoffenseatall. Such istheeffect
of a pardon. All your laws that tend in any
degree to destroy that pardon of its full weight
and of all its natural and legal results, to
that extent are against the Constitution of the
United States, and I believe the character
and the intellect of the men upon the bench
in this country will declare them to be so
whenever the question comes before them.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Ferry,
of Michigan, in the chair.) The question is
on agreeing to the amendment proposed by
the Senator from Vermont.
Mr. THURMAN. Ou that question I ask
for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. THURMAN, (at five o'clock and
twenty one minute3 p. m.) I move that the
Senate adjourn.
The PRESIDING OFFICER put the ques-
tion, and declared that the noes appeared to
have it.
Mr. THURMAN. I ask for the yeas and
nays on that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SAWYER. The Senator from Alabama
[Mr. Spenokr] desired me to state that he
was paired with the Senator from Indiana,
[Mr. Morton.] The Senator from Indiana
would vote against and the Senator from Ala-
bama would vote for this proposition.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 23, nays 27 ; as follows :
YISAS—Messrs. Alcorn, Bayard, Casserly, Cooper,
Davis. Ooldthwalte, Hamilton of Maryland, John-
ston, Kellv. Machen. Norwood, Pool, Hansom. Rob-
ertson. Saulsbury, Sawyer, Sehura, Stevenson. Stock-
ton, Xhurman, Tipton, Yickers, and West—23.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Boreman, Buck-
ingham, Cameron. Carpenter, Chandler, Conkling,
Corbett, Crflprin, Edmunds, Kerry of Michigan, Flan-
agan, Frelingliuyaon, Gilbert, Hamlin, Hitchcock,
Howe, Logan, Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Ver-
mont, Patterson, Pratt, Ramsey, Scott, Windom, and
Wright—27.
ABSilNT— Messrs. Blair, Brownlow, CaUlwol],
Clay ton. Cole, Kenton, Ferry of Connecticut, Ham-
ilton of Texas, Harlan, Hill, Lewis, Morton, Nye,
Osborn, Pomeioy, Rice, Sherman, Spencer, Sprague,
Stewart, Sumner, Trumbull, and Wilson—23.
So the Senate refused to adjourn.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion recurs ou agreeing to the amendment of
the Seuator*from Vermont, on which the yeas
and nays have been ordered.
The "Chief Clerk proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. CHANDLER. The Senator from New
York [Mr. Fenton] is paired with my col-
league [Mr. Ferry] on this question. My
colleague would vote "yea," and the Senator
from New York would vote "nay." The
Senator from Nevada [Mr. Nye] is paired
with the Senator from Texas, [Mr. Hamil-
ton.] The Senator from Nevada would vote
for the amendment, and the Senator from
Texas against it.
Mr. WINDOM. The Senator from Indiana
[Mr. Pratt] is paired with the Senator from
Nebraska, [Mr. Tiri'on ] If the Senator from
Indiana were present he would vote in favor
of the amendment, and the Senator from
Nebraska against it.
Mr. NORWOOD. On this question my
colleague [Mr. Hiw.] is paired with the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts, [Mr. Wilson.] My
colleague would vote "nay" and the Senator
from Massachusetts would vote "yea."
Mr. SAWYER. The Senator from Indiana
[Mr. Morton] and the Senator from Ala-
bama [Mr. Spencer] are paired on all these
questions.
The result was then announced—yeas 25,
nays 23 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Boreman, Buck-
ingham, Cameron. Carpenter, Chandler, Conkling,
Corbett, Cragin, Edmunds, Flanagan, Frelinghuy-
sen, Gilbert, Hamlin, Hitchcock, Howe, Logan,
Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Patterson,
Ramsey, Scott, Windom, and Wriglit—25.
NAYS—Messrs. Alcorn, Bayard. Casserly, Cooper,
Davis, Goldthwaite, Hamilton of Maryland, Johns-
ton, Kelly, Maehen, Norwood, Pool, Ransom, Rob-
ertson, Saulsbury, Sawyer, Schurz, Stevenson,
Stockton, Thurman, Trumbull, Vickers, and
West—23.
ABSENT —Messrs. Blair, Brownlow, Caldwell,
Clayton, Cole, i'enton, Ferry of Connecticut, Ferry
of Michigan, Hamilton of Texas, Harlan, Hill,
Lewis, Morton, Nye, Osborn, Pomeroy, Pratt, Ripe,
Sherman, Spencer. Spraguo, Stewart, Sumper, Tip-
ton, and Wilson—25.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I hope the
Senate will now indulge me in asking them
to stay here till we pass this bill. It will take
but a very few minutes. It will be remem-
bered that I gave way for half an hour this
morning to proceed with the Calendar. I
would not ask this if I thought it would occupy
the attention of the Senate very much longer.
["Agreed."] Now, on jiage 13 of the bill,
after the word "dollars," in line two hundred
and eighty-five, I move to insert :
And for the purchase of new books of reference
for the use of the judges of the Supreme Court,
$2,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Oa the third
page, line fifty nine, after the word "appro-
priations," I move to insert "and otherclerks
to committees."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. On page 10,
after the words "Capitol building," in line
two hundred and thirty-three, I move to insert
"President's House and Botanic Garden."
That is in the clause relative to correcting the
method of making returns of the public prop-
erty.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. RAMSEY. Yesterday, on the motion
of the Senator from Iowa, [Mr. Wright,] the
clerical force in the Post Office Department
was reduced under great misapprehension on
the part of the Senate. I now move to recon-
sider the vote by which that amendment was
adopted.
Mr. CONKLING. I rise to a question of
order. Did the Senator from Minnesota vote
for that amendment? By what authority does
he move to reconsider?
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Ferry,
of Michigan, in the chair.) Does the Senator
from Minnesota state that he voted in the
affirmative?
Mr. CHANDLER, (at five o'clock and forty
minutes p.m.) I move that the Senate do
now adjourn.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I hope not.
We are ready now to pass the bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from Michigan insist on his motion?
Mr. CHANDLER. Yes, sir.
The question being put, there were on a
division—ayes 19 nays 19.
So the Senate refused to adjourn.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there be no
further amendment——
Mr. RAMSEY. What has become of my
motion ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It was ruled
out of order, because the Senator stated that he
did not vote on the prevailing side.
Mr. RAMSEY. I made no such statement.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair so
understood.
Mr. RAMSEY. I might have made the
statement after some reflection : but I had not
so stated.
ThePRESIDING OFFICER. If the Senator
states that he voted on the prevailing side the
Chair will entertain the motion. [A pause.]
The Senator declines to make the statement,
