12
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 2,
of Kentucky, William E. Niblack of Indi-
ana, and George W. McCrary of Iowa.
territorial delegates.
The SPEAKER, i having resumed the chair.)
In calling over the list of members, the uames
of Delegates from the Territories were inad-
vertently omitted. The Clerk will now call
the roll of Delegates.
The roll being called, the following Dele-
gates answered to their names :
NEW MLXICO.
J ose M. (iallegus.
COLORADO.
Jerome 1>. Chaffee.
DAKOTA.
.Moses 1C. Armstrong.
IDAUO.
Samuel A. Merritt.
.MONTANA.
William II. Clagett.
WYOMING.
Willi.im T. Jones.
DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA.
Norton P. Chipman.
indian appropriation bill.
Mr. SARGENT, from the Committee on
Appropriations, reported a bill (H. 11. No.
■J'JS'J) making appropriations for the current
and contingent expenses of the Indian depart-
ment and ibr fulfilling treaty stipulations with
various Indian tribes for the year ending June
:)0, 1S74, and for other purposes ; which was
read a first and second time.
Mr. SARGENT. I move that this bill be
referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, ordered to be printed, and
made a special order for to-morrow and from
day to day until disposed of.
Mr. PERCE. I reserve all points of order
upon the bill.
Mr. SARGENT. The Indian appropriation
bill of last year appropriated $6,362,062 ; the
present bill appropriates but $5,379,365—mak-
ing a saving by this bill of nearly a million I
dollars in the administration of this branch of
the Government.
Mr. HOLMAN. I do not know what this
bill is, and hence am unable to determine
whether it should be made a special order or
not.
The SPEAKER. It is the regular Indian
appropriation bill, reported from the Com-
mittee on Appropriations.
Mr. HOLMAN. I desire to reserve all
points of order on the bill.
The SPEAKER. That has already been
done by the gentleman from Mississippi, [Mr.
Perce.]
Mr. ELDREDGE. I hope the gentleman
from California [Mr. Sargent] will not insist
on making this bill a special order to com-
mence to-morrow. Although members of the
Committee on Appropriations may understand
all about the bill, other members of the House
have had no opportunity to examine it; and
we cannot be prepared to-morrow to enter
upon the consideration of such a bill with such
knowledge as we ought to have of it in ad-
vance. 1 again express the hope that the bill
will not be made a special order to begin to-
morrow.
Mr. SARGENT. By a resolution of the
House, tbe Committee on Appropriations 'were
authorized to sit during the recess for-the very
purpose of preparing the regular appropriation
bills, and having ready as many of them as
possible on the first day of the session. The
committee have performed the duty devolved
upon them, and three of those bills are to be
reported to-day.
Mr. RANDALL. Are they printed?
Mr. SARGENT. This bill will be printed
in time for the action of the House to-morrow.
Mr. RANDALL. But not in time for
examination before .we begin its consider-
ation.
Mr. SARGENT. I call the previous ques-
tion on my motion.
Mr. ELDREDGE. I hope the gentleman
will not insist upon the call for the previous
question. It seems to me a matter of import-
ance that those who have to vote these appro-
priations should understand the bills for them-
selves. This bill is not yet printed; and no
member of the House, unless he has been
upon the Committee on Appropriations, knows
anything about it. I hope it will not be made
a special order until we have had it printed
and been enabled to understand something
about the particular appropriations which are
recommended by the committee. It is alto-
gether too important a measure to be con-
sidered until we have had the printed bill
before us for examination.
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. I desire to say
one word.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Cali-
fornia [Mr. Sargent] is holding the floor.
Mr. SARGENT. I yield to the gentleman i
from Kentucky, [Mr. Beck.]
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. Mr. Speaker, I
hope it will not be made a special order for
to-morrow, and for this reason: this Indian
appropriation bill, of all the bills which come
from the Committee on Appropriations, is one
in which there may be more matter requiring
mature consideration than any other, and in
reference to which there is more difficulty than
any other of getting the desired information.
I have not, for one, seeii the report of the Com-
missioner of Indian Affairs, nor the report of
tbe Secretary of the Interior, and I doubt
whether any member of the House has seen
either of them. We all know that very many
of these Indian appropriations for various
Indian tribes must depend upon information
to be obtained from the Secretary of the In-
terior and the Commissioner of Indian Affairs.
It is not to be denied that very many changes
have been made in reference to Indian tribes
since the adjournment last session, and very
much has to be determined by Congress, grow-
ing out of the treaties made by the Senate four
years ago. It is to be determined how far we
shall undertake to carry out those treaties.
Now, if the honorable gentleman from Cali-
fornia [Mr. Sargent] will give us a week by
making it a special order for next Tuesday
week, and in the mean time taking up some
of the plainer appropriation bills in reference
to wjiich the heads of bureaus and of Depart-
ments can give us information about them, it
occurs to me we can act more judiciously.
My only objection, Mr. Speaker, is to the
want of time—that the House must have a
longer period for the purpose of understanding
this appropriation bill. No one has yet had,
so far as I know, the opportunity, save perhaps
the gentleman from California, to obtain the
necessary information, and we shall not have
that information until the reports of the Secre-
tary of the Interior and the Commissioner of
Indian Affairs come in due course to Congress.
Mr. SARGENT. Mr. Speaker, by the con-
currence of other members of the Committee
on Appropriations, I am willing, and will con-
sent, that this bill shall come up as a special
order one week from to-morrow, and that in
the mean time the pension appropriation bill,
or the legislative appropriation bill, or some
other of the appropriation bills which are now
ready for report, shall occupy the attention of
the House. I will, however, remark to my
friend from Kentucky that no new legislation
is proposed in the Indian appropriation bill
which I have just reported. There are two
contracts which were made during the recess
by the board of Indian commissioners, under
authority of laws passed at the last session, by
which certain lands have been relinquished by
several tribes to the Government, and I pro-
pose when this bill comes up to ask the House
to approve those contracts. They take the
place of the old treaty system adopted by the
Senate, and which treaties were passed on by
the Senate only in secret session. We now
propose to challenge the scrutiny, not only of
the Senate, but of both Houses of Congress,
and especially of that one in which, under the
Constitution, money bills can alone originate.
I think there is much in the suggestion of
my friend from Kentucky, that the report of
the Indian Commissioner is not before the
House. I have seen that report, as have most
of the members of the committee, and I think
we will have it before the House to-morrow.
I will modify my motion, Mr. Speaker, that
this bill be made a special order Tuesday a
week from to-morrow, after the morning hour,
and from day to day until disposed of.
Mr. PERCE. I will tnake a parliamentary
inquiry. I desire to press the bill for the relief
of William and Mary College, and therefore
shall reserve all poiuts of order, and if it be
necessary at this time, I object to the motion
of the gentlemau from California, unless it
excludes Fridays, when the motion to take up
the William and Mary College bill will be in
order.
The SPEAKER. Thegentleman from Mis-
sissippi raises a point of order, objecting to
the motion of the gentleman from California,
making the Indian appropriation bill a special
order from day to day until disposed of, unless
Fridays be excepted. The Chair will explain.
The reservation being made, it will give the
gentleman from Mississippi the right to have
his motion on Friday first submitted, that the
House resolve itself into the Committee of the
Whole House on the Private Calendar to take
up the William and Mary bill. That motion,
however, being voted down, the next motion
in order will be to go into Committee of the
Whole House on the state of the Union on the
appropriation bill.
Mr. SARGENT. It merely raises the ques-
tion of consideration.
Mr. PERCE. I also reserve all points of
order on the bill.
Mr. BANKS. I think that these special
assignments of bills ought not to be made.
The message of the President of the United
States has not been received, and I do not
know what it contains. We ought at least to
hear of the general condition of the country
before we proceed to any vote which may
occupy a large portion of our time, and that,
too, before we can proceed to the considera-
tion of that message. I hope these assign-
ments of special orders will not be made ; at
least at this time.
Mr. SARGENT. I have only adopted the
ordinary form in reporting appropriation bills,
that it be made a special order for a certain
day, and I only ask that the ordinary practice
of the House be followed in this instance.
Mr. BANKS. It will come in before the
message is considered.
Mr. SARGENT. I insist on my motion.
Mr. SHANKS. Have points of order been
reserved?
The SPEAKER. They have. The motion
is that the bill be made a special order for
December 10 after the morning hour, and
from day to day until disposed of.
Mr. BANKS. I demand a division of the
House.
The House divided ; and there were—ayes
84, noes 39.
So the motion was agreed to. .
Mr. SARGENT moved to reconsider the
vote by which the motion was agreed to ; and
also moved that the motion' to eeconaider be
laid on the table. >.
The latter motion was agreed to. /
pension appropriation bttl.1*'
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The Cpnjmittee
on Appropriations have prppajred the ^nnual
bill making appropriations forthe payment of
invalid and other pensions "of the United
States forthe year ending June 8p, 1874, ,and,
in the absence of the gentleman, .(from New
York, [Mr. Clark,] and at his request, 1
