1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
977
and the question is on ordering the amendments
tobe engrossed and the bill to be read the
third time.
It was ordered that the amendments be
engrossed and the bill read the third time.
The bill was read the third time.
Mr. CONKLING. I ask the attention of
the Senate for one moment, and only one mo-
ment. I introduced an amendment, which was
printed as having been introduced by the Sen-
ator from Rhode Island, [Mr. Anthony,] to
increase by two or three hundred dollars the
pay of one of the doorkeepers, Mr. Christie;
I may name him. I am told that the form of
that amendment is such as to admit of some
possible doubt as to whom it was applicable,
and therefore I wish to say in the presence of
my honorable friend from Maine, and of the
Senator from South Carolina, who from the
committee offered the amendment, that there
need be no misunderstanding about it, that
the amendment was offered and was reported
as applicable to Mr. Christie. I name him so
that there need be no misapprehension by any-
body hereafter as to who was intended.
Mr. BAYARD. And it was so voted for.
Mr. CONKLING-. And it was so voted for,
as the Senator from Delaware suggests.
The bill was passed.
electoral totes
The PRESIDING OFFICER laid before
the Senate a letter from the Secretary of the
Senate, transmitting, incompliance withares-
olution of the Senate of the 28th instant, a
statement showing the action of the Senate
and House of Representatives relative to ex-
amining and counting the electoral votes for
President and Vice President of the United
States from 1789 to 1869 ; which was ordered
to lie on the table and be printed.
OliDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. STEWART. By unanimous consent
my colleague [Mr. Nye] was to have the floor
afier the appropriation bill just disposed of
should be passed. Now that he may have
the floor, I move that the Senate adjouru.
Mr. CONKLING. That will not give him
the floor. You had better move to take up
his bill.
Mr. STEWART. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of the Australian
bill, for the purpose of allowing my colleague
to be heard.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from
Vermont.
The motion was agreed to; and (at five
o'clock and forty-three minutes p. m.) the
Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, January 30, 1873.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
report on immigration. -
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from
the Secretary of the Treasury, in relation to an
act to transfer the duty of making an annual
report of immigrants to the United States
from the Department of State to the Treasury
Department; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs, and ordered to be
printed.
MAILS ON UNION PACIFIC RAILROAD.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from
the Postmaster General, in answer to a resolu-
tion of the House of January 20, 1873, in
relation to the amount paid the Union Pacific
Railroad Company for transportation of the
42d CoNCf. 3d Skss.—No. 62.
mails in each fiscal year since June 30, 1866;
which was ordered to be printed, and referred
to the special investigating committee of which
Mr. Wilson, of Indiana, is chairman.
HARBOR OF TOLEDO
ThgSPEAKERalso, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from
the Secretary of War, in answer to a resolution
of the House of January 21, 1873, in relation
to the harbor of Toledo; which was referred
to the Committee on Commerce, and ordered
to be printed.
w. h. newman and l. a. van iioofman.
The SPEAKERalso, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication, in rela-
tion to the claim of William H. Newman and
L. A. Van Hoofman; which was referred to
the Committee of Claims, and ordered to be
printed.
TEN PER CENT. AD VALOREM^ TAX.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from
the Secretary of the Treasury, acknowledging
the receipt of, and making a statement respect-
ing, the resolution of the House of the 18th
instant in regard to the ten percent, ad valorem
tax levied by the act of March 3, 1865; which
was referred to the Committee of Ways and
Means, and ordered to be printed.
civil service examinations.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from
the Secretary of War, in answer to a resolution
of the House of January 27, 1873, in relation
to the questions propounded by the examiners
to the candidates for appointments to clerk-
ships and promotions in his Department;
which was ordered to be printed, and referred
to the select Committee on the Reorganization
of the Civil Service of the United States.
apparatus for disabled soldiers.
The SPEAKERalso, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a letter from the Secre-
tary of War, in relation to an appropriation
for private surgical apparatus and appliances
for the relief of persons disabled in the mili
ta;y and naval service of the United States;
which was referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
carey sullivan.
The SPEAKERalso, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a letter from the Secre-
tary of War, in relation to Carey Sullivan,
company G fourteenth New Hampshire vol-
unteers; which was referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
superior bay and dulutii harbor.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a letter from the Secre-
tary of War, in answer to a resolution of the
House of January 10, 1873, in relation to
Superior Bay harbor and Duluth harbor and
dike; which was referred to the Committee on
Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
WAR DEPARTMENT CONTRACTS.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a letter from the Secre-
tary of War, transmitting statements showing
the contracts and purchases made by the Ord-
nance, Subsistence, Quartermaster, Engineer,
and Signal Bureaus of his Department during
the year ending December 31,1872; which was
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
finances.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a letter from the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, transmitting a statement
showing the balance of appropriations unex-
pended oil June SO, 1872, of amounts appro-
priated for the service of the fiscal year ending
June 30, 1873, &c.; which was referred to the
Committee on Appropriations, and ordered to
be printed.
COMMERCIAL ltKLATIONS.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a letter-from the
Secretary of State, transmitting, in compliance
with law, a report upon the commercial rela-
tions of the United States with foreign coun-
tries for the year ending September 30, 1872 ;
which was referred to the Committee on For-
eign Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
AMERICAN CITIZENS IN CHINA.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a letter from the
Secretary of State, inclosing a communication
from the consul at Hong Kong, China, in re-
lation to the manner of prosecuting business
between citizens of the United States and the
East, with a letter from the Secretary of the
Treasury on the same subject; which was re-
feired to the Committee on Foreign Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
CONSULAR REPORT.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a letter from the
Secretary of State, transmitting a report of B.
D. Randolph Keim, consular agent; which
was referred to the Committee on Foreign
Affairs, and ordered to be printed,
CIVIL SERVICE EXAMINATION.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a letter from the
Secretary of the Interior, in answer to a res-
olution of the House of January 27, 1873, in
relation to questions propounded by the ex-
aminers to candidates for appointments and
promotions to clerkships in his Department;
which was referred to the select Committee
on the Reorganization of the Civil Service of
the United States, and ordered to be printed.
SNAKE AND PI-UTE INDIANS.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a letter from the
Secretary of the Interior, in relation to an
appropriation for the removal of the Snake
and Pi-Ute Indians to the reservation pro
vided for them on the headwaters of the Mal-
heur river in the State of Oregon; which was
referred to the Committee on Appropriations,
and ordered to be printed.
civil service.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a letter from the
Secretary of the Interior, in answer to a reso-
lution of the House respecting the number,
&c., of persons appointed in his Department
for duty in Washington during the year 1872 ;
which was referred to the select Committee
on the Reorganization of the Civil Service of
the United States, and ordered to be printed.
COLUMBIA HOSPITAL.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a letter from the
acting Secretary of the Interior, in' relation
to an appropriation for the completion of the
Columbia Hospital for Women in the District
of Columbia; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Appropriations, and ordered to be
printed.
leave OF absence.
By unanimous consent,, Mr. Ambleii obtained
leave of absence for one week.
Mr. McClelland obtained leave of absence
for three days.
Mr. Duke obtained leave of absence for one
day.
Mr. Twichell obtained leave of absence for
three days.
Mr. Crocker obtained leave of absence for
! three dnys.
' Mr. Bird obtained leave of absence until
! next Tuesday.
; Mr. Ames obtained leave of absence for ten
I days.
