1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1987
ir.g of huge masses of matter and huge vol-
umes of books to be piled up here that cannot
be distributed through your mails.'
If you are going to continue the reporting
of the debates, either by your Public Printer
or by special contract with those who have
done the work so well, then I affirm it is a
question which I have carefully considered;
and before we make a contract which we can-
not get discharged from we should consider
what is the retrenchment that we may make
or try to make in this particular tine. That
is another consideration.
Viewing it in all its lights, I do not believe
that it is wise to change the mode of reporting
or the contractors who have done the work.
If you go into the estimates which have been
made, I am very confident you will see that
when you supply the deficiencies that must
necessarily come in the bid of the lowest bidder
in this case it will carry his bid up to within
a very small fraction of the very highest one
in the list, or up to $234,000'as proposed by
Hives & Bailey.
The PRESIDING OPPICEE, (Mr. Ferry,
of Michigan.) The Senator's time has expired.
Mr. HAMLIN. Does the Chair think my
five minutes were as long as the five minutes
of my friend from Ohio? He spoke fifteen
minutes by the clock, and I watched it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor can proceed by unanimous consent. The
Chair hears no objection.
Mr. HAMLIN. I will obey the Chair.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will state to the Senator that he gave him six
minutes.
Mr. HAMLIN. But the Chair gave the
Senator from Ohio sixteen minutes.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there be
no objection, the Senator will proceed.
Mr. HAMLIN. No, sir; I will only say
that my side is so much better than his that it
only takes six minutes where the other side
takes sixteen.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. On the
pending amendment the Senator from Ohio
has madea pointof order as to the admissibility
of the amendment, and the Vice President
has submitted the point of order to the Sen-
ate. The Chair will put the question.
Mr. CASSERLY. So far as the point of
order is concerned, I think the amendment of
the committee is clearly in order because it
relates directly to an appropriation in the bill ;
in other words, it provides for a mode of dis-
posing of an appropriation in the bill, and it
is no objection to it that it makes a different
disposition of it from that now made by the
bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. If my friend will allow
me, the money appropriated here is for an
entirely different purpose. He will find him-
self in error upon that point.
Mr. CASSERLY. I never understood that
it was an objection to an amendment under
the restrictive rule that it increased an appro-
priation or diminished it.
Mr. SHERMAN. It does not refer to the
appropriation at all.
Mr. CASSERLY. I shall not argue that
question at any great length. It may be that
1 am wrong, because, as I said, I scarcely
know any two Senators who have been quite
consistent in their construction of the rale,
and the precedents and decisions may be
found numerous and weighty on both sides of
the question. I think it quite clear, though,
that if the amendment of the committee is to
stand, the amendment of the Senator from
Ohio is admissible. The amendment in the
bill is merely for fear of accidents lest that
in the pressure of the last hours of the ex-
piring session, a pressure I believe the most
extraordinary that has been witnessed in my
time or ever in the Senate, the bill for a
contract with somebody should fail. The
result of that would be that the Senate would
be left without any means whatever for the
42D CoNa. 3D SFS.«.--NO. 122.
reporting of its proceedings during its called
session to commence on the 4th of March.
I do not regard that circumstance as being
quite so serious a disaster as many members
of this body.
I agree with the Senator from Ohio that the
expenses of the Globe ought to be greatly re-
duced. I said to him awhile ago, intending to
say something different, that fully one half of
the matter in the Globe ought to be taken out.
I meant to say fully one fourth, and that I
verily believe could be accomplished by a little
judicious editing of the proceedings in the
Globe for a single day as a model for all the
rest.
There is one difficulty that perhaps did not
occur to the Senator from Ohio if his amend-
ment should be adopted. While it provides
for the doing of this work by the Congres-
sional Printer—and I agree with him in that—
I have been for giving the work to the Con-
gressional Printer—the Senator will bear in
mind that his amendment makes no pro-
vision for the period of time that must elapse
between the adoption of the amendment and
the time when the Congressional Printer will
be ready to do the work. It may take him a
week or two for instance; what are we to do
in the meanwhile? Those will be the very
weeks during which the Senate will be in ses-
sion.
Mr. SHERMAN. My amendment as drawn
now leaves the whole subject to the Senate
Committee on Printing while we are in ses-
sion ; and besides that there will be a very
little to do in the called session, and the same
reporters no doubt will be continued. I
should very much regret to see the reporters
changed, and there is no probability that they
would be.
Mr. CASSERLY. If the Senator's amend-
ment provides for a temporary arrangement for
printing the Globe, then of course my objec-
tion is obviated ; but I do not think it does,
and after the point of order is disposed of 1
shall ask to have the amendment read with a
view to insert in it what was suggested very
properly out of the fullness of his experience
of this subject, by the Senator from Rhode
Island, the chairman of the Committee on
Printing awhile ago, ought to be done. There
must be an arrangement for the printing of
our proceedings at the extra session whatever
else we do. Whether we make a contract
with the gentleman whose name is mentioned
in the bill now before the Senate, or whether
the work goes to the Public Printing Office,
there is a period of time when there must be
authority somewhere to make a temporary
arrangement. Now, what is the point of all
that, if the Chair will allow me one moment
more? The point of all that is that the
amendment of the Senator from Ohio ought
to be such that there will be no prohibiiion
against the Committee on Printing of the Sen-
ate making a temporary arrangement for the
printing of what we do during the extra ses-
sion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. A point of
order being made by the Senator from Ohio
as to the reception of the amendment, the
Chair will submit that question to the Senate.
Mr. SHERMAN. If there is no point of
order made on the amendment to the amend-
ment I have no objection to withdrawing my
point of order. As a matter of coarse, after
the Committee on Appropriations report au
amendment on this subject, we have a right
to amend it. Therefore I will withdraw the
point of order for the present, and offer my
amendment as an amendment to the amend-
ment proposed by the Committee on Appro-
priations.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Ohio withdraws the point of order, and
pending concurrence in the amendment, the
Senator from Ohio offers an amendment to the
amendment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Is that in order?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is in
order. It will be read.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment to
the amendment, which was to add the follow-
ing:. ■ -
And the debates in Congress from and after March
4,1873, shall be prints at the Government Printing
Office in sueh form as shall be prescribed by the
Joint Committee on Printing, and the reports
thereof shall be furnished to the Congressional
Printer by reporters provided by eatfh House as
such House may prescribe.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I raise the jsoint of
order on that amendment, that it is not in
order under the rule. It is a new subject
entirely.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. What is the
point made by the Senator?
Mr. TRUMBULL. The point of order is
that this relates to legislation on an appropria-
tion bill not pertinent to any appropriation in
the bill. The proviso offered by the Senator
from Ohio is to provide for a contract for pub-
lishing the Globe, and there is nothing upon
that subject in the bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, The Chair
understood that the Senator from Ohio ap-
pealed to the Senate as to whether there was
objection to the admissibility of his amend-
ment to the pending amendment, stating if
there were no objection to that he would not
insist upon the point of order which' he made
upon the original amendment that is now
pending. The Chair heard no objection, and
therefore construed the admissibility of the
amendment to the amendment as indorsing
the admissibility of the original amendment.
Therefore the Senator's point of order is too
late. " '
Mr. TRUMBULL. I never understood that
there was any agreement of the Senate that
the'Senator from Ohio could offer the amend-
ment out of order.
Mr. SHERMAN. Here the Committee on
Appropriations have reported an amendment
which any Senator might object to and ex-
clude; but it is perfectly competent for me to
offer another amendment as a Substitute for
that, if that is received. If that amendment
is in order, we have a right to amend it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The amendment pro-
posed by the committee may not be out of
order. It is very questionable if it is not in
order. That was the question that was to be
submitted to the Senate. I think myself it
is in order. It relates, I understand, to an
appropriation in the bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. There is not a word in
this whole clause in regard to the printing Of
the Congressional Globe. This amendment
of the committee is simply to repeal a portion
of the act relating to the printing of the Con-
gressional Globe. As this question has got to
be presented and discussed and decided fairly,
I hope the two propositions will be taken
together. If not, I can very easily offer mine
as a substitute for the amendment of the Com-
mittee on Appropriations, and that makes it
clearly in order. Asa matter of course, when
a proposition is in order before us, it is open
to amendment.
Mr. STEVENSON. I understood the Sen-
ator from Ohio to make a point of order on
the text of the bill as reported by the com-
mittee.
Mr. SHERMAN. I withdrew that on the
ground that I could offer my amendment as an
amendment to that of the committee.
Mr. STEVENSON. But I was stating it as
1 understood the state of the question. I un-
derstood the Senator from Ohio to object to
the amendment of the committee on a point
of order; and I understood the Vice President,
who was then occupying the chair, to submit
that as a question of order to the Senate,
pending which the Senator from Ohio with-
drew his point of order. Now, surely he hav-
ing withdrawn his point of order, which the
Vice President was about to submit to the
Senate, bis amendment is justly excepted to
