1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
13
report the bill to the House and move it be
made the special order for Wednesday week
after the morning hour, and from day to day
until disposed of.
Mr. PERCE. I make the same reservation
of points of order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot help
suggesting that it is unusual before the Presi-
dent's message is received, or until the com-
mittee appointed to wait on the President has
reported, to entertain other than privileged
business.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I am willing
to withdraw the bill for the present. I will
say, however, that it is simply the ordinary
pension bill, and I see no impropriety or
irregularity in presenting now—not for action,
for the usual reference 
The SPEAKER. The Chair has no objec-
tion if the House has not. The Chair only
calls the attention of the House to the fact
that this is a proceeding entirely unusual.
Mr. PERCE. Will a single objection be
sufficient against the motion?
The SPEAKER. It will not. It is a mere
question of etiquette.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I withdraw
the bill.
recess.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I move that the House
take a recess until half past one o'clock.
The motion was agreed to ; and accordingly
(at one o'clock and five minutes p. m.) the
House took a recess until half past one
o'clock p. m.
The House reassembled at half past one
o'clock.
president's message.
Mr. MAYNARD. Mr. Speaker, the joint
committee appointed to wait upon the Presi-
dent and inform him that the two Houses are
ready to receive any communication he may
be pleased to make have discharged that duty,
and he desired us to say to the two Houses,
that he will send a communication to them
immediately.
rk8tgnation of a member.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the
following Communication:
Towanda, Pennsylvania.
JVocember 2t>, 1872.
Sir: I hereby resign my seat in Congress a< a Rep-
resentative from the thirteenth district of Pennsyl-
vania, to take effect upon Monday, the 2d day of
December. 1872.
I remain, yours, respectfully,
ULYSSES MERCUR.
Hon. James G. Blaine,
Speaker uf the House of Repreientatives.
leave of absence.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is desired to
ask leave of absence until after the holidays
for Mr. Wilson, of Ohio, on account of indis-
position, and for Mr. Snyder, of Arkansas.
There was no objection, and leave of absence
was granted.
Mr. RANDALL. I desire to ask leave of
absence for my colleague, Mr. Griffith, on
account of indisposition.
There was no objection, and leave of absence
was granted.
president's message.
Mr. Babcock, Private Secretary of the
President, having been announced at the bar,
said : Mr. Speaker, I am directed by the
President of the United States to deliver to
the House of Representatives a message in
writing.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will read the
message just received from the President of
the United States.
The Clerk read the annual message.
[It will be found in the proceedings of the
Senate.]
PRINTING THB PRESIDENT'S MESSAGE, ETC.
Mr. DAWES. I move that the President's
message be referred to the Committee of the
Whole House, and that it be ordered to be
printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. DAWES. I also submit the following
resolution:
Jloolved. That there be printod for the use of Con-
gress twenty thousand extra copies of tho Presi-
dent's message, this day submitted to both Houses.
The SPEAKER. The resolution will be
referred, under the law, to the Committee on
Printing.
Mr. MAYNARD. I ask the gentleman to
enlarge his resolution, so that it shall provide
for printing in pamphlet form, for the use of
the House, both the message and the reports
of the heads of Departments.
Mr. DAWES. I understood that to be
included in the resolution. I am informed,
however, by the chairman of the Committee
on Printing, that it cannot be done without a
motion.
The SPEAKER. It requires a motion to
include the reports of heads of Departments in
the copies first printed in pamphlet form for
the use of members.
Mr. DAWES. Then I move that there be
printed for the use of members the usual
number of copies in pamphlet form of the
President's message and reports of heads of
Departments.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. DAWES. I also move that it be ordered
that the message be printed but once in the
Globe. Heretofore it has been printed unne-
cessarily in tlie proceedings of both Houses.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. That was cor-
rected last session upon my motion.
The motion was agreed to.
pension appropriation bill.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I am instructed
by the Committee on Appropriations to report
a bill (H. R. No. 2990) making appropriations
for the payment of invalid and other pensions
of the United States for the year ending June
30, 1874.
The bill was received, and read a first and
second time.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I move that the
bill be referred to the Committee of the Whole,
and made a special order for Wednesday morn-
ing next week.
Mr. ARCHER. I reserve all points of order
on that bill.
Mr. PERCE. I reserve the right to make
the motion to go into Committee of the Whole
on the Private Calendar on Friday.
Mr. L. MYERS. I would ask if there is
not already a special order for that day ?
The SPEAKER. There is not a special
order for that day.
Mr. L. MYERS. I thought there was one
fixed at the last session.
The SPEAKER. Not in Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. ELDREDGE. Can the bill be made a
special order without a suspension of the
rules ?
The SPEAKER. Of course; the rules [
directly say so.
Mr. ELDREDGE. It seems to me that bills
ought not to be made a special order for a
particular day until they have been printed
and some opportunity has been afforded of
seeing them, and I am surprised that the
chairman of the Committee on Appropriations
should ask such a thing of the House as to
have all his bills at this very early day of the
session made special orders, before they are
printed, and before we know what their provis-
ions are.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The gentle-
man will remember that all appropriation
bills are made special orders before tbey are
printed.
Mr. ELDREDGE. I do not remember any
such thing, and I think the gentleman is mis-
taken when he says so.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I have never,
myself, known a regular appropriation bill in-
troduced that was not ordered to be printed
and made a special order for some day, and I
never knew it to be objected to before.
Mr. ELDREDGE. They are all being made
special orders within a week without being
printed, and without the reports being laid be-
fore the House upon which tho bills are based.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I am very glad my-
self to see fhe promptness with which the
Committee ou Appropriations has perfected
its bills, and to see them introduced at this
early period of the session, and I hope they
will be pressed forward. 1 do not agree with
my friend from Wisconsin, [Mr. Eldrkdgk.J
It seems to me that the sooner we act on the
appropriation bills in the House and get them
to the Senate the better, so that we may not
experience what we have done at almost every
session of Congress heretofore, on the very
heel of the session the rushing through of
millions of appropriations without sufficient
consideration.
Mr. ELDREDGE. I would like to make
an inquiry of the gentleman from Illinois, who
says he does not agree with me. I did not
expect he would, for lie and I have never been
able to agree until last fall, and then it was
his agreementwith me, and not mine with him.
[Laughter. J I would like to ask him what is
the difference between rushing bills through
at the early part of the session, without their
having been printed or our having the reports
on which they are based, and pressing them
through at the latter end of the session after
they have been printed and every member has
had an opportunity to consider them? The
objection is that we have not had the bills or
i the reports printed.
j Mr. FARNS WORTH. The bills are simply
predicated upon the acts of Congress which
i authorized the appropriation. They are
standing appropriations which have to be
made every year in accordance with law. The
Committee on Appropriations perfect them
according to the estimates and the law, and I
see no impropriety in pressing them forward
at an early day. I did not, intend, however, to
take this matter out of the hands of the chair-
man of the Committee on Appropriations.
Mr. MAYNARD. I would ask the chair-
man of the Committee on Appropriations if
the estimates have been printed and are
accessible to members ?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. If gentlemen
will indulge me, I will say that the Committee
| on. Appropriations were very desirous, as we
' had but twelve weeks of the session, and
j probably only ten working weeks, to get our
work before the House as early as possible.
We are required by the rules of the House to
have all the twelve regular appropriation bills
before the House within the first thirty days of
the session. It was utterly impossible for us
to do that and obey the rules of the House
without doing a good deal of work before Con-
gress assembled. We have prepared three of
the twelve regular bills with great care. We
have prepared them on the estimates, which
are in print and accessible to every gentleman
here. The bills are in accordance with the
law and with the estimates, excepting in so
far as we have reduced them. I have made
the regular motion in regard to these, that
they be printed and referred to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, where
the gentleman can have them read line by line,
and call for explanation of every line if he
desires. I have furthermore moved that the
regular pension appropriation bill, which usu-
ally takes less time than any other, shall be
set for a week from next Wednesday, and the
gentleman from Wisconsin thinks that is rush-
ing things, and hurrying him faster than he
can travel.
Mr. ELDREDGE. Will the gentleman
answer the question whether the estimates
upon which these bills are based are printed
and accessible to members?
