14
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 3,
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I have just said
that they are.
Mr. EI-DREDGE. I had not heard the
answer of the gentleman to that, question. I
do not wish to oppose any of these bills. I only
wish to have the information upon which the
Committee on Appropriations have acted. If r
that is before the House, and we can have time i
to consider it, that is all I want. I1
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The estimates 1
are all printed and accessible to members, as
I have already said. [
Mr. DICKEY. The gentleman has no ob- j
iection.
Mr. GARFIELD, of phio. I now call the
previous question on my motion.
The previous question was seconded and
the maiu question ordered; and under the
operation thereof the motion was agreed to.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio, moved to recon-
sider the vote just taken ; and also moved that [
the motion to reconsider be laid on the table, j
The latter motion was agreed to. |
legislative, etc., appropriation bill. j
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio, also reported,
from the Committee on Appropriations, a bill
^H. 11. No. '2991) making appropriations for
the legislative, executive, and judicial expenses
of the Government for the year ending June
30, 1874, and for other purposes; which was
read a first and second time, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I move that the
bill be referred to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, and made the spe-
cial order for Thursday of next week, after
the morning hour, and from day to day until
disposed of.
Mr. HOLM AN. I desire to reserve all
points of order upon this bill.
Mr. PERCE. And I reserve the point of
order in reference to private business in Com-
mittee of the Whole on Friday and Saturday.
Mr. NI BLACK. I would suggest to the
chairman of the Committee on Appropriations
whether he had not better move a suspension
of the rules, so as to enable him to offer cer-
tain amendments to this bill that the Commit-
tee on Appropriations deem important to be
made ?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The rules can-
not be suspended to-day, there having been
no morning hour. The bill goes over until
after next Monday, on which day I can make
the motion indicated by the gentleman.
The motion of Mr. Garfield, of Ohio, (was
then agreed to.
sufferers by the fire in boston.
Mr. TWICHELL. I desire to offer a bill.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I desire
to ask permission to introduce a bill for ref-
erence to the Committee of Ways and Means.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from
Massachusetts nearest the Chair [Mr. Twich-
ei,l] is first entitled to the floor.
Mr. TWICHELL. The President having
appropriately alluded, in his message just
read, to the great fire in Boston and the action
of the people under the circumstances, I ask
leave to offer at this time a bill intended to
afford a slight relief to the sufferers by that
fare. I ask that it be printed, and referred to
the Committee of Ways and Means.
No objection being made, the bill (H. R.
No. 2992J was received, read a first and second
time, ordered to be printed, and referred to
the Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, by unani-
mous consent, introduced a bill (H. R. No.
2993) for the relief of the sufferers by fire in
Boston ; which was read a first and second
time, ordered to be printed, aud referred to
the Committee of Ways and Means.
internal revenue officers.
Mr. SCOFIELD, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. R. No. 2994) for the re-
duction of officers and expenses of the internal
revenue 5 which was read a first and second
time, ordered to be printed, and referred to
the Committee of Ways and Means.
north texas judici\l district.
Mr. CONNER, by unanimous consent, in- j
troduced a bill (II. R. No. 2995) to establish [
the judicial district of North Texas and the ]
Indian territory ; which was read a first and I
second time, ordered to be printed.^ and re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
treasury report.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the
annual report of the Secretary of the Treasury ;
which was ordered to be printed, and referred
to the Committee of Ways and Means.
state d1partmknt contingent expenses.
| The SPEAKER also laid before the House
1 a communication from the Department of
1 State in regard to the contingent expenses of
1 that Department; which was ordered to be
printed, and referred to the Committee on
Appropriations.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move that the House
now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to ; and accordingly
(at three o'clock and three minutes p. m.) the
House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. BUTLER, of Tennessee: The pe-
tition of Sarah Fox, mother of Adam Fox,
deceased, late a private in company A, second
regiment Tennessee cavalry, praying to be
placed on the pension-roll.
Also, the petition of Sarah Ray, widow of
Emanuel Ray, deceased, late of company D,
fourth regiment Tennessee volunteers, for a
pension.
Also, the petition of Mary Greenlee, widow
of George W. Greenlee, late of company B,
fourth regiment Tennessee cavalry, for a pen-
sion.
Also, the petition of John Malivate, of com-
pany A, twelfth regiment Tennessee cavalry,
for a pension.
Also, the petition of John R. Eastridge,
late of company 1, third regiment Tennessee
volunteers, for arrears of pension.
By Mr. CHIPMAN: The memorial of
Thomas Haggett, for value of schooner Alonzo.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, December 3, 1872.
.Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. P  New-
man, D. D.
Hon. William Sprague, from the State of
Rhode Island, Hon. Eli Saulsbory, from the
State of Delaware, Hon. George Vickers,
from the State of Maryland, and Hon. Henry
Cooper, from the State of Tennessee, ap-
peared in their seats to-day.
The Secretary proceeded to read the Jour-
nal of yesterday, but before concluding 
Mr. CAMERON. I move to suspend the
further reading of the Journal of yesterday's
proceedings.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It requires
unanimous consent to dispense with the read-
ing of the Journal. Is there objection? The
Chair hears none.
Mr. CAMERON. I now move that the
Senate adjourn.
Mr. FENTON. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is it a motion
to adjourn for this day ?
Mr. CAMERON. Yes, sir.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is not
debatable if it is insisted upon.
Mr. FENTON. May I ask my friend from
Pennsylvania to withdraw that motion !
Mr. CAMERON. I would rather not with-
draw my motion. There are no committees,
and we can do no business to-day. I insist
on my motion.
Mr. FENTON. I appeal to my friend 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Pennsylvania insists on the motion that
the Senate do now adjourn.
Mr. FENTON. I appeal to my friend from
Pennsylvania 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion
must be submitted by the Chair, as the Sen-
ator declines to withdraw it.
Mr. FENTON. I wish to submit a motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. No motion is in
order while the motion to adjourn is pending.
Mr. FENTON. I wish to submit a motion
that when the Senate adjourns to-day it adjourn
to meet on Thursday next.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Pennsylvania moves that the Senate do
now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to—ayes thirty-
seven, noes not counted ; and the Senat®
(at twelve o'clock and ten minutes p. m.)
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, December 3, 1872.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read ana
approved.
additional members.
The following-named members, not present
yesterday, appeared:
Mr. Getz, Mr. McGrew, Mr. Manson, Mr.
Prindle, Mr. Biggs, Mr. Mitchell, Mr.
Stevens, Mr. Pendleton, Mr. Hanks, Mr.
Sypher, Mr. Clarke, and Mr. Houghton.
Mr. RANDALL. I rise to a question of
privilege and present the credentials of Hon.
Aleck Boarman, a Representative-elect from
the fourth district of Louisiana, to fill a vacancy
caused by the death of Hon. James McCleary.
The SPEAKER. If Mr. Boarman is pres-
ent, the oath will be administered to him
unless there be objection.
There being no objection, Mr. Boarman
presented himself, and was duly qualified by
taking the oath prescribed by the act of July
2, 1862.
materials for american-built vessels.
Mr. HALE, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 2996) to amend sec-
tion ten of the tariff act approved June 6,1872,
relating to materials entering into the construc-
tion and repair of American-built vessels;
which was read a first and second time, re-
ferred to the Committee of Ways and Means,
and ordered to be printed.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. McDon-
ald, its chief clerk, announced that the Sen-
ate had passed without amendment a resolu-
tion of the House directing a record to be
made upon the Journals of Congress of its
appreciation of the eminent services, personal
purity, and worth of the late Horace Greeley.
james c. cooke.
Mr. KELLOGG, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 2997) for the
relief of James C. Cooke; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on Patents.
stamp tax on checks, etc.
Mr. KELLOGG also, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 2998) to repeal
the stamp tax on checks and sight_ drafts;
which was read a first and second time, re-
ferred to the Committee of Ways and Means,
aud ordered to be printed.
increased issue of legal tenders.
Mr. RANDALL, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution:
JRetolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be,
and he is herewith, requested to inform ibis ilouse,
