978
TMW CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 30,
MATILDA BARNET'lV :
On motion of Mr. BRAXTON, by unani-
mous consent^ leave was granted for the with-
drawal from the-files of the' House of the
papers in the case of Matilda Barnett; ■ ■
IlKNliY HILL'.
On motion of Mr. DUELL, by unanimous
consent,,leave, was.granted for the .withdrawal
from the files of the House of the papers in
the case of Henry. Hill, late consul to Brazil.
JOHN E. KIKNA.N. , . .
Qn motion of M^r. BflAXTON,. by unani-
jnous consent, leave was given to withdraw
from the files of, the House the papers iu the
Case of John E. Human.
• . ELIZA. T< MOORIIEAD. •
On 1 motion of Mr. BLAIR,' of Michigan,
by unanimous consent,' leave Was given to
withdraw from the files of the House the pa-
pers in the case of Eliza T.1 Moorhead.
jotin'g scott.
On motion of Mr. COGHLAN,, by unani-
mous consent,' leave wp,s giver! to withdraw
from the files of the Committee 011 Private
Land Claims the papers relating to the, me-
morial of John G. Scptt and' others.
TIIOIVIAS II. .BOWIE, ,
On motion of Mr. CHIPMAN, by.upanimous
consent, leave was given to.draw from the files
of the House the papers in the case of Th'omas
H. Bowie.
N AT1IANIKL IIHAKB. '
On motion of Mr. RITCHIE, by unanimous
consent,, leave was given to withdraw, fropi
the files of the House the papers iu the ease of
Nathaniel Heard. , ;
; IMt. DRAPER. i
On motion of Mr. HAYS,-by unanimous
consent, leave was giv.en, to withdraw from
the files of the House the papers in the case
of Dr. Dfaper, assistant surgeon, United States
Navy. 1
CHARLES KOSBl'IKLD.
On motion of Mr. CHI J'MAN, by unanimous
consent, leave was given to withdraw from the
files of: the Uouko the papers iu the case of
Charles Rosefield. , ■
COMI'KNSATION FOlt MAIL TRANSPORTATION.
Mr. PALMER. I ask unanimous consent
that when the-Post Oilico appropriation , bill
shall be considered in Committee of the Whole,
a provision of -the bill, making appropriations
to enable the Post Office Department to adjust,
compensation for tho transportation,ol' mails,
may be considered in .order.
Mr. RANDALL. I object. ,i
NORTHERN liOUNDAKY OF OREGON.
Mr.'SLATER. I ask unanimous consent
that tho memorial of the Legislative Assembly
of the State of Oregon, praying Congress that
■the act of February 14, 1859, admitting the
State of Oregon, may be so amended that the
northern boundary of said State shall conform
' to that proposed in the constitution of said
State, may have its reference1 changed from the
Committee on the Judiciary to the Committee
on the Territories.
There was no objection, and it was so or-
dered. , . , -
ABOLITION OF THE BKANKING PRIVILEGE.
Mr. SARGENT. In order that some inform-
ation may be furnished, which it is necessary
the Committee on Appropriations should have,
I ask unanimous consent to otfer the following
resolution:
Mesulvcd, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
instructed to inform this House forthwith what ap-
propriations arc necessary for the next fiaeal year, for
each Department, which it may expend.for postage
to perform official business, on account of the aboli-
tion of franking.
Mr. HALE. I would ask tho gentleman
whether it is belter that this resolution should
go to tlie Secretary of the Treasury,'or that the
inquiry should be addressed 'to each Depart-
ment?" ' "■ , ' ' ".
Mr. SARGENT; The' Secretary of the
Treasury furnishes- -the- estimates for all the
Department?,;- and this,,is the regular.course.
' " 1 he resolution was agreed to., ,
■ OWNERSHIP OF-CERTAIN BONDS.
Mr. SLOCUM, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolutionwhich was
read, considered,':and'Etgreed to :' ''
Resolved, That the Comptroller of the Currency
be requested to cormajunfcate.to this House copies of
all papers on file in his office relating to the failure
of tho Merchants' National Bank, of Washington,
District ot Columbia, .together, with oopies of the
correspondence wif;h the Ocean NationalBank, New
York, as to tho ownership of certain Pacific railroad
bonds, deposited in said Merchants' Bank by Joseph
B. Stewart, prior .to its failure. .;
HOUND VALLEY INDIAN RESERVATION.'
Mr. COGHLAN, by unanimous consent,
introduce'd'a bill (H. R. No. 3717),to restore
a part of the' Round Valley Indian reservation
to the public lands, and to provide for the sale
of the same ; which was read afirst andpecond
time, referred'to tho Committee on Indian
Affairs,, and ordered to be printed.
; , - ■ BNGINEKRS IN NAVY.
Mr. COGHLAN also, by unanimous con-
sent. introduced a bill' (H. R. No. 3718) fix-
ing the pay of civil engineers in the United
States Navy; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, referred to the Committee On Naval
Affairs, and ordered to bo printed.
. ,, PHOPKLLlSll 01,1 VKK CROMWELL.
On motion of Mr. CONG-ER, by unanimous
consent, the bill'(S. No. 1325) td'grant an
American register to the'propeller Oliver Crom-
well was taken from the Speaker's table, read
a first and- second time, and referred to the
Committee on Commerce, not to be brought
back by a motion to. reconsider,
ORDER OP BUSINKSS. ■
Mr. PARNSWORTH. I.call for the regu-
lar order of business.
The SPEAKER. The regular order being
domanded, the morning hour commences at
twenty minutes past twelve o'clock, and reports
are in order from the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Pensions and War of 1812. ,
KL'URAljU HUNT.
Mr. WILLARD, from the Committee on
Revolutionary Pensions and War of 1812,
reported a bill (11. It. ,No. 37)9) granting a
pension to Kphnum Hunt; which was read a
first and second time. /
The question was on ordering the bill to be
engrossed and read a third time.
The bill was read. It directs the Secretary
-of the Interior to place upon the pension-roll
the name of Ephrann Hunt', of Maine, a sol-
dier of the war of 1812, subject, to the pro-
visions of the law of February 14, 1871, pro-
viding for pensions to soldiers of the war of
1812.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. WILLARD moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
J0SIAII WILSON.
Mr. WILLARD also, from the same com-
mittee, reported a bill (H. R. No. 3720)grant-
ing a pension to Josiah Wilson, a soldier of
the war of 1812 ; which was read a first and
second time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bili was read. It directs the Secretary
ol the interior to place on the pension-roll (he
name of Josiah Wilson, of Salem, Washington
comity, New York, who served in Captain St.
John'^ company "New York miKlia in''the
war of 1812 with Gre'at Brftaiti, to be paid a
pension at the rate of twelve dollars per mon'th
from the'4th day of'February',' 1871. '•
'The bill'was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time;' ah'd ''fyjihg engi-dssed- it
whs ' Etecordingly -read the1 -third time, "and
Mr. WILLA&D irioveid.to reconsider'the
vote by which the bill was; passed; and Slso
moved that the motion to^rebb'nsider'be laid
on the table! ' ,.
The latter motion was agreed fo.
-SURVIVORS OF THE WAR. OP, 1812.1 i •
Mr.WILIiA.RD also, from the same com-
mittee, reported batik, with the recommenda-
tion that it do pass, the bill (H. R. No! 3503) re-
storing the names of certain persons to the pen-
sion-rolls, and in amendmeritofan act'entitled
"An act granting pensions'to the survivors (if
the war of 1812," approved February 1-1, 1871.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time! '
The bill was read.; . The first section 'author-
izes and directs' the Secretary' of the' Interior
to restore to the pension-rolls-the ria'mes of
all persons' now1 surtdviri'g,'heretofore-'pen-
sioned on account of service in' the1 war of
1812 against Great Britain, an.d whose names
were stricken .from said rolls and have not
since been restored, in pursuance , of an act
authorizing the Secretary of the,, Interior to
strike irom the 'pension-rolls the names of, such
persons as have taken up arms against the
Government, or who have in any manner en-
couraged the rebels, approved Pebruaiy.4,
1802; pensions to be paid to such persons tj-pm
the passage of the act. The secpnd section
repeals so much of the aqtgrapting pensions to
the survivors of the war of 1812 who served
sixty days, and to their Widows, "approved Feb-
ruary, 14,1871, as,excludes! from the:benefit of
the, act-persons who gave aid and comfort to
the enemies of the Government during the
iate rebellion against the authority , of the
United States,, or who exercised the functions
of any office whatever -under any authority or
pretended authority in hostility to the United
States, and provides that all applications for
pensions; under said act, which, have been
heretofore made, or which may bo hereafter
made, shall be considered and decided with-
out regard to the provision o( the act repealed.
Mr. COX. ' I have not had a.ahanCe to ex-
amine the provisions of this bill very carefully,
but ! suppose that the burden of the bill is to
repeal ali these .teat-oaths and all regulations
which require the loyalty of a claimaut-to be
ascertained by testimony. ,
Mr.- WILLARD.- If the House will give its
attention I will state the object of the bill.
Several applications have been made to the
committee which reports this bill by persons
who have been heretofore pensioned 'for ser-
vices in the war of 1812, but whose names
have been stricken from the roll in pursuance
of the, act passed February 14, 1802, which
provided that the Secretary ot the Inteiior
should be authorized and directed to strke
from the pension roll the names of all such
persons who had taken or might thereafter
take up arms against , the United States or
give aid and sympathy to-the rebellion.
In.pursuance of that law the. Secretary of
the Interior,, without inquiry as to the loyalty
of, these pensioners, struck from the rolls the
names of suoli of them as resided within the
limits of the States declared to be then in re-
bellion: Since that action of the Secretary of
the Interior, striking the names of all these
persons, from the rolls without inquiry in re-
spect to their loyalty, and only inquiring as to
their residence, some thus stricken from the
rolls have made application to the Depart-
ment, and on proof' of loyalty have been
restored to the rolls, while others doubtless
have made no such application.
The number of names thus stricken from
