I87&-
THE ^CONIGFRSSSIGNM/ G-1 OBK
the rolls under this act of February 4, 1862,-
as I have been informed by the Commissioner
of Pensions, is as follows: invalid pensioners
848;' widows, 1,181. The number who have
been restored on proof of loyalty is as follows:
invalid pensioners 406, widows, 565, That
leaves; .1,008 names of-both classes,- whose
names have been stricken from the rolls and
have not been restored1. These are the • pen-
sioner* of the war of 1-812. The Commissioner
of Peniions estimates that probably one half
Of these pensioners are now • surviving so
that this bill, if it should become a law, and
the persons to be benefited by it should make
application for- restoration^ would restore to
the rolls the names of about 550 of these per-
sons. The following -is the communication
from the Commissioner of Pensions, to which
I have referred: :
Department o"p the I-nterior,
. , . Pension Office,
Washington, D. C., January 14,. 1873.
Sir : I have the honor to transmit the following
information relative to the number' of pension
claims that would be affected by a provision of law
removing the bar now .existing by reason of the.dis-
loyalty of the persons entitled:
Number of names dropped under the act of Feb-
ruary 4,1362: ■
Invalids     _ 848
Widows 1,131
' 1-979
Number restored upon proof of loyalty:
Invalids  40§
Widows : .'   565
971
Number not restored -   1,008
Ntim bor resident in loyal States dropped tor
disloyalty.,.:....,,     60
Total  '....  1,068
Number of claims filed under the act of Feb-
ruary 14,1871, rejected £or disloyalty 44
Number of pensioners under that act drop-
ped for that reason.'. i  14
Number suspended 17
— 7t>
Total debarred.........j„-   1,143
Estimating; that fifty percent, of those ,pensioners
who are denied payment by reason 'of their disloy-
alty art now living, fivfe'hundred'and forty-nine
names would be restored by an -enactment romoving-
the bar. , ' .
I am'unable'fo determine the number of claims
filed -under the act of July 14. 1862,-and its'amend-
meats that have been affected by the. requirement
of proof ot' loyalty, noi; can I express an opinion as
to the number wh"'hnve declined filing their claims
under the act o-f February 14,1871, by reason of the
oath therein required, but do jiot -tttink there are
ninny of these classes.
Very respectfully, J. W. BAIvEK,
Co/iiimuioner.
Hon. C. W. Willa.rd, Chairmnn Comni-ittve on Rev-
olutionary I'ensions and War of 1812:
Mr. COX-. The House will remember that
the other da-y we had this matter up. rather
irrelevantly, perhaps. I am glad the gentleman
from Vermont [Mr. Willard] has brought in
this bill. But 1- think the bill does- not per-
haps go quite far enough* I have in- my desk
now letters from soldiers of tlre:war of 1812,
stating that they are compelled to produce
loyal witnesses before they can be restored to
the rolls. Now, my object is bo repeal alllaws
and to remove all regulations of the Depart-
ment which will in any way impede the restor-
ation to the rolls of these soldiers of 1812.
Mr. WILLARD. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. Cox] must have failed, from, the
confusion around him, to catch the precise
language of this bill when it was read by the
Clerk. The bill directs the Secretary of the
Interior to restore to the pension-rolls the
names of the survivors of those who, without
any proof except as to residence, were stricken
from the rolls by reason of the law of 1862.
Mr. COX. Why not state the factthat there
shall be no such proof required as is now
required by the regulations of the Interior
Department? ',
Mr. WILLARD. If I supposed any such
rule would be required, it might be proper
enough to make such provision by this bill.
But inasmuch as this bill is a direction to the
Secretary of the- Interior to- restore - these
names to the rolls, I do not see how he can
pot a'ny qualification whatever -upon -it. It
would be an imputation upon the Secretary-
to put such -a provision in this bill. • ! •
■ Mr.--COX. There may be -those who nefer
were- on' the rolls.' "I hope there' will -be no
impediment to their receiving'a pension.
Mr. WILLARD. ■ The gentleman also failed
to hear the provisions of the second section
of this bill. It was not the gentleman's fault,
but the fault of his neighbors, who made so
much noise that he- could not hear the bill
when it was read. The second section of' the
bill provides for the repeal of the exclusive
provisions of the bill passed in 1871, shutting
out from the provisions of that bill all persons
•who gave- aid or comfort to the rebellion.
This bill further provides that all applications
heretofore made, or which - may hereafter be
made, for the benefits -of the act of_ February
14, 1871, shall be decided as though that
provision had not been in that act.'
Mr. MAYNARD. Some of these old pen-
sioners hate died since their names were
dropped from the rolls. I know some few
of them who were unquestionably loyal and
Union-men, who died before being restored
to the rolls, and their widows have been un-
able -to'recover arrears of pensions because
there is no law authorizing it. There should
be some provision- made for that.
Mr. WILLARD. The consideration sug-
gested by the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr.
Maykard] occurred to the committee. On fur-
ther examination the difficulties wbieh might
grow out of such a provision seemed to be so
evident,, either in making proof of loyalty,
or of any fact which is required to be shown in
order to establish the claim, that, the com-
mittee deemed it best to make this bill appli-
cable only to the survivors of the pensioners
of the war of 1812; and if the gentleman
will notice the phraseology of the bill he will
see that it provides pensions to such survivors
from -the passage of the act; it gives no arrear-
age of pension.
The -Commissioner suggested that it would
be important to specify in a law of' this kind
the time from which-the pension should date;
and the suggestion , appeared to the commit-
tee to be proper. It seemed invidious in a
bill of this kind, designed to remove distinc-
tions, to make a distinction between loyal and
disloyal persons, and partly for this reason
it is so framed (hat the benefits of the act
shall apply only from the date of its passage.
Of course if the House, on the suggestion of
the gentleman -from Tennessee or any other
gentleman, should entertain a different view,
the committee would not antagonize any such
proposition ; but it occurs to me that perhaps
the simpler method would be to pass this bill,
establish-the point we desire-to establish by
this legislation, and then, if necessary, take
up these other cases as individual cases and
provide for them by special act, or pass some
general provision which will reach them.
Mr.-MAYNARD. I want to say another
word-upon this -point. According to my
theory of the conflict through which we have
passed, the men who stood by theGoverument,
who discharged their duties as citizens, who
maintained their loyalty, did not and could
not forfeit any of their rightsm consequence of
thfft conflict. If, therefore, any of them were
entitled under our- laws to a pension, the with-
holding of it from them was the withholding of
what was their just due; and therefore jhey, or
if they have died their widows or children,
ought.to receive the arrearages of pay in the
same manner as would the survivors of an old
pensioner in the gentleman's own State or
any other State in the Union. The principal
is one of light and justice, not a question of
expediency or policy.
Mr. WILLARD. The gentleman is undoubt-
edly correct in that position.
Mr. MOORE. I wish to put an inquiry,
which -may- involve the' sam e ■ idea as: the •s%g-•
gestion of the gentlemen from Tennessee,-f Mr;
Maynard, ] whose remark I did not hear.-The
gentleman frortf-Ve'rmont [Mr.' WiLliRDj^haS
stated that this bill does not propose to allow
aiiy atrearges-of pension. Now, as'"to th&se
who never were disloyal, but -whose- na'mes
were stricken from the roll; if they should have
their names restored to the roll upon demon-
strating the -fact that they never" did give aid
or countenance to the' rebellion, but wer-e loyal
all the time, will-they bfe paid-from the time
their names were stricken from the roll, or will
their pay recommence from the date when -their
names are put back- oil the roll ? - -
Mr. WILLARD. By the provisions of that
bill no person will receive a pension- except
fromthe date of the passage-of the act. But
without being able to state with- confidence
what has- been the regulation of the Depart-
ment, -Lsuppose that in all cases where per-
sons have had their names restored' on proof
of loyalty or any other way, the Department
has not paid them arrearages of pension, but
they have only been paid from the date of the
restoration of their names to the roll.
Mr. MAYNARD. I understand that where
restoration is made upon proof of loyalty, ar-
rearages are allowed.
Mr. WILLARD. If suchhas been theprac-
tice, it certainly has not been brought to my
attention before. In any event, this bill only
provides that the pensions of persons whose
names may be restored under this bill shall
date from the passage of the act. But I sap-
pose this bill would not prevent the restora-
tion of any person's name upon the proof of
loyalty in the same manner as has been-done
heretofore.
Mr. MOORE. Why not insert in the bill a
provision that where a -name is restored on
proof of loyalty, the striking of-the name from
the roll shall not -work to the flfettiment of the
soldier or his survivors? " -;
A Member.- That is right.
Mr, WILLARD. I prefer that such a prop-
osition should be submitted to the House as a
separate question. Any gentleman can pre-
sent an amendment providing'that these pen-
sions shall date from the time the names were
stricken from the roll. But I should object
to'putting in this bill a distinction in respect
to proof of loyalty; The bill as- it now stands
provides that the pensions shall date from the
passage of the act. The other proposition
might be submitted separately for the consid-
eration of the House ; and'I should have no
objection to its adoption.
Mr. MAYNARD. I suggest to the gentle^
man from Vermont that he might amend the
bill by providing for all persons now surviving
and not embraced in the provisions of subse-
quent acts. '' .
■ Mr. HAWLEY, of Connecticut. T wish
to be distinctly .informed, Mr. Speaker, on
one point, I am not able to learn it from-a
pei usal of the bill. I would like to know from
tne gentleman whether it is the intention of
the committee to restore to the pension list all
persons who may have been dropped from that
list totally, without regard to their having had
or not having had connection with the rebei-
hon—whether disloyalty, open rebellion, the
taking up of arms, all or any acts of rebellion
or of treason are to be totally-disregarded and
these pensioners are to be restored ? I would
like to know about that point, as it will govern
my vote on this bill. '
Mr. COX. I hope the gentleman from Ver>
mont will permit me to make a single sugges-
tion  - "
. Mr. WILLARD. The bill reaches that
point in reference to the surviving soldiers of
the war of 1812', but it does not apply to the
surviving soldiers of any subsequent war ; ™at
is, to any war subsequent to the war of 1812.
It' the gentleman from Connecticut wishes to
make any further inquiry I will yield*for theit
purpose, and when he concludes will have
