1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1939
published; and now the honorable Senator
trorn Kentucky argues, that because this bill
contains an appropriation for the Departments,
for the courts, and for Congress, therefore it
relates directly to the appropriations here
made to repeal this general standing provision
of law. I submit, if it does, the rule is of no
use; it is not of force enough to require an
ingenious evasion.
Mr. STEVENSON. One word in reply to
the honorable Senator from NewYork. My
construction of this rule was in full accord
with what he now claims to be the correct one,
as will be shown by my vote during the pend-
ency of the Army appropriation bill to reverse
the ruling of the Chair, that the amendment
to that bill proposing to repeal certain existing
Army regulations as to the organization .of its
regiments was in order. But the Senate on
that occasion expressly held by a large major-
ity that the construction of the Anthony rule,
as then urged by me, and which is now insisted
upon by the Senator from New York, [Mr.
Conkxing,] was not the true one. I was
somewhat surprised at the large vote by which
a different construction of the rule was decided
to be the true one. The Senator from New
York cannot have forgotten what took place
pending the appeal from the ruling of the
Chair, that an amendment in all respects like
the one now under discussion was in Older to
the Army appropriation bill. As 1 have just
stated, on that occasion I insisted that the
Chair erred in ruling the amendment of the
Senator from Mississippi to the Army bill to
be in order. I argued then for the construc-
tion of the Anthony rule now insisted on by
the Senator from New York; but the Pre-
siding Officer overruled my construction. He
held that the construction of the rule as
claimed by me, and now urged and insisted on
by the Senator from New York as the true
one, was erroneous. An appeal was taken
from that decision, and the Chair was over-
whelmingly sustained.
Mr. CONKLING. If my honorable friend
will pardon me there, although I do not think
the case was like this, the then Presiding
Officer ruled the question, expressing at the
same time great doubt, and although the Sen-
ate did not overrule his decision, it forthwith
laid the amendment on the table.
Mr. STEVEN SON. We are discussing now
the point of order. It may be that this amend-
ment was laid on the table, but what had that
to do with the question of order ? " Sufficient
unto the day is the evil thereof.'' The amend-
ment could not have been laid on the table
until it had been ruled by the Chair to be in
order. Its pertinency as a legitimate amend-
ment on the point of order raised was involved
in its reception. Its subsequent disposition
by the Senate is a wholly different question.
Mr. CONKLING. The other amendment
was laid on the table because my friend knows
that the Senate considered it out of order, al-
though they did not reverse the ruling of the
Chair.
Mr. STEVENSON. My_ honorable friend
must excuse me from arriving at any such
conclusion. The question of order was dis-
cussed and debated at length, as I have already
said, upon an appeal from the ruling of the
Chair, which was sustained by a majority of
the Senate. I am finding no fault with that
ruling now.
I am ofiering no criticism upon its correct-
ness. I thought it erroneous, and gave the rea-
sons for that opinion ; but the Senate differed
with me, and I cheerfully acquiesced. 1 utterly
deny what the Senator from New York now
insists on, that the Senate laid the amendment
on the table because they did not believe it to
be in order. The appeal from the decision of
the Chair ruling the amendment to be in order,
and the tabling of that appeal, must satisfy
the Senator of his error. The amendment
was held to be in order, and was tabled because
it was an unwise amendment.
The construction of the rule having been
established we should adhere to it. We can
have no safe legislation unless we do adhere
to our precedents and not permit an estab-
lished and uniform construction of any rule
ever to be violated. Any other line of action
would be alike mischievous and oppressive.
Whenever rules are to be construed to sub-
serve party ends, then we have reached the
acme of oppression. Stare decisis! Let no
consideration induce us ever to depart from
an established usage and construction of our
rules of procedure; but let the construc-
tion established by the vote of the Senate be
uniform, just, and unvarying. Tested by
such a standard, the amendment to the bill is
clearly in order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair,
in order that a wrong impression may not be
conveyed affecting this question, would refresh
the recollection of the Senator from New
York by stating to him that the present occu-
pant of the chair ruled in that case, and by
reference to the expressions of the Chair con-
nected with the question in the Globe the
Senator will see that no doubt was expressed
by the Chair in regard to the ruling.
Mr. CONKLING. Except, if the Chair
will pardon me, that the Chair put his ruling,
if my memory is right, upon the ground that
he felt constrained by what had been ruled
upon two previous occasions, and whoever
had been the occupant of the chair would, I
think, have been so constrained ; and I think
the then Presiding Officer said that if it were
an original question", ifitwereanew question,
he might or might not so rule, bu't that he
deemed himself constrained by what had been
decided in two other cases which were cited,
one in reference to subsidy, and another in
reference to something else.
Mr. CAMERON. I move that this whole
subject in regard to the printing be postponed
until the first Monday in December. In
making this motion I desire to say that I think
no injury can result to the public service by a
postponement. We are acting here now as
if this question of printing was so all-absorb-
ing that everything else must give way to it. I
do not think so at all. We have recently
passed 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will remind the Senator from Pennsylvania
that the pending question is a question of
order; and until that is settled the Chair can-
not entertain any other proposition.
Mr. CAMERON. I know that; but I had
to make a proposition so that you could hear
my remarks, and I think they are perfectly
pertinent to the question of the postponment
of the question of order. I am satisfied that
a decision on this question of public printing
now is not importaut to the country, and there-
fore it is not necessary that we should discuss
this point of order. If we postpone the whole
subject until next December, it will then come
up in its proper position and we can consider
it.
We have recently passed a bill taking from
members of Congress what is called the frank-
ing privilege. I never believed that that was
any privilege to members of Congress, but was
a great privilege to the public; but that is
destroyed, and hereafter we shall have very
little use for public printing. We shall know
when we meet again what the demands of the
country are and what is our duty to the coun
try in regard to the public printing. Now
we know nothing about it.
This subject of the public printing is one that
I used to have some knowledge about. A long
while ago I proposed in the Senate of the U nited
States that we should have the printing done
on public proposals, taking the lowest and
best bidder as the contractor. I trust that
hereafter we shall again adopt that idea, un-
less we do what perhaps will be wiser, direct
the Public Printer to print all that we desire
to have published. Then, as a natural con-
sequence, we shall select our own reporters ;
they will be paid by us, and they will have no
inducement to multiply the pages and the ems,
as the printers call them, to put in what is
styled "fat" matter; and nothing will be
printed then except what the public requires
to see and what the Senate and House of
Representatives wish to have published. I'db
not think we are in a condition now to settle
that question, and therefore I should like to
have it postponed, as well as the question of
order.
One printer, we are told, has come here and
offered to do this printing for $100,000 a year
less than the others Do you not believe that
if you throw out this work to competition,
somebody else will come and offer to ao it at &
much less sum than that ? Do you believe that
the millions of dollars expended here for pub-
lic printing are properly expended? I do not
believe any such thing. Human nature is kind.
The harshest of us do not like to do an un-
kind thing to a public officer. We do not foot
the bills individually. It is much easier to say
" My dear sir, your bill is right" than to say,
" Sir, you are charging me much more thaiiyou
ought to do." We ought to act in this matter
just as we do in our own private affairs. ]D'6
you believe that if this printing was done for
me and I had to pay for it I would not throw
out one fifth of all the matter you publish?
Why should you, whenever a motion is made
here, repeat it every time a Senator gets up to
make a remark upon it ? And then on every
occasion when you bring in a bill or a motion
referring a bill, why have a head-line to, that?
That is all wrong. It would aOt be done if any
one of us had to pay for it himself. We can-
not lose anything by putting this matter over.
We are told that the law says you cannot
publish anything after the 4th of March ; you
will have no report of your proceedings ; you
will have no stenographer here. Of course,
we shall have no stenographer if we allow the
printer to hire him ; but suppose we select him i
and make him an officer of the Senate, and
say after the 3d of March that the gentlemen
who are here now shall come here and take
down all that is said, and then when Congress
meets again the Committee on Printing (and
no one is more able to attend to that matter
than the gentleman who is at the head of that
committee) shall say " This shall be published
and that shall not be," who can lose by that ?
. I remember that there is here now in this
city the material for three volumes of the
debates of the First Congress, of which we
have no history. Those debates were taken
down by an eminent man, able and fitted for
the work. He took down everything that was
said and done there, and one of his descend-
ants of the third or fourth generation came
here to offer that work to the Government,
but because he asked seven or eight thousand
dollars and they offered him only three or
four thousand dollars, we cannot get those
debates. Now, why shall we not for a little
while just rest upon our oars in regard to this
printing, and wait ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor's time has expired.
Mr. CAMERON. Very well.
Mr. COLE. I wish I could make some sug-
gestions that would facilitate the passage of
this bill or hold forth a reasonable hope that
we shall get through with the appropriation
bills before the end of the session.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let us vote on this
question.
Mr. COLE. If we can have a vote, I will
yield at once.
Mr. STEVENSON. I suggest to the Sen-
ator from California that we might as well have
a uniform construction of this rule. We shall
save time by it. It will be better to have a
final decision of the Chair upou the rule, and
then let the Senate adhere to it when once
made.
Mr. COLE. I concur in opinion with my
