1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
15
at the earliest timo practicable, under what law
authority is given to the Secretary of the Treasury
to make an increased issue of legal-tender not's, as
was done in October last by the Treasury Depart-
ment, and whether such i;-sue was made in the legal-
tender notes heretofore retired, or whether new
lej U tender notes were printed for the purposes of
said issue; if of theretired let-al-tendernotes uncan-
celed, then to inform this House what portion of
the retired legal-tender notes of $44,000,000 or there-
abouts. heretofore retired by operation of law, have
been actually cancelled and what amount remain
uncanceled: and further it is requested that the
Secretary communicate to this House all informa-
tion he may possess ot the manner and modeof issu-
ipi «ueh increased amount of legal-tender notes, by
whose order, and for what purpose such issue was
used.
Mr. DAWES. I think the language of the
resolution should be, "directed," instead of
•'requested.'' It ought to conform to the
ordinary precedents.
Mr. RANDALL. My object was to make
the re-oluf.o'i as civil and polite as possible.
I, however, accept the gentleman's sugges-
tion. and modify my resolution accordingly.
Mr. MA\NARD. I suggest another point,
that the resolution, if I understood it cor-
rectly. assumes the fact that there was such
an extra issii" in October last.
Mr. RANDALL. That fact is made known
to the country by the reports of the Treasury
Dei'artineiif.
Mr. BROOK."5. Let me suggest to the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Randall]
that though his resolution is a very proper one,
and one to which there should be an answer,
yet it is also a resolution which, it seems to
me, ought to go before some committee of
tti:s House.
Mr. RANDALL. My object is a very
S'mt>l  one. I do not want to reflect on any-
tiling that has been done. I only want to
know under what law that enlargement of the
circulation of the countiy was made. The
resolution is not designed as partisan in any
particular.
Mr. BROOKS. If the gentleman merely
vants to know under what law the action of
tiie Treasury Department has been taken, he
has seentba' in the newspapers over and over
tigain.
Mr. RANDALL. I see many things in the
newspapers 1 rio not believe. [Laughter.]
Mr. BROOKS. There are circumstances
connected with that issue which ought to be
looked into, but which will not be looked into
under this r"so'iition.
Mr. RANDALL. I ask the previous ques-
tion on the adoption of the resolution.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I desire to
make a suggestion to the gentleman. This
resolution, as I understand, speaks of a par-
ticular issue in October last. Now we do not
know but that there may have been other
issues at other times.
Mr. RANDALL. I do not want to allege
anything on mere supposition.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. We want to j
know' whether such issues have been made, |
whether in October last or at any other time. [
Mr. RANDALL. That one case is suffi-
cient to test the legality of all.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. But it is im-
portant for us to know whether this is an inno-
vation, or is in accordance with the custom
of the 'Kreahury Department for many years ;
past; whether it is in pursuance of the ordin-
ary course of things that the Secretary of I
the Treasury has exercised his supposed
power of issuing additional United States
notes. I have not supposed it has been a
usual thing. I had supposed this October
issue was an exceptional one. It, has been
stated to me not iong since that this is not ex-
ceptional; there have been similar though
not stK'li large issues at several times during
the last few years. If so, that is news to me.
I would be glad, therefore, to have the reso-
lution broad enough to embrace the whole
question, whether the Treasury has been from
lime to **me making issues of this sort, in-
cluding this one, of course, as well, so we may
have the whole practice of the Treasury before
us in this regard. I am inclined to believe
this issue has taken the country by surprise,
and I think it is eminently proper that we
should understand the whole matter in all its
parts. Without expressing any opinion on it
now I desire the resolution shall be broad
enough to take in the whole subject.
Mr. RANDALL. I do not know that I
should object to that were the gentleman to
suggest the modification, but I did not wish
to confuse the subject or enlarge it too much.
I want to have a specific answer to the inquiry
made. I demand the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the resolution was adopted.
Mr. RANDALL moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was adopted ;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
abolition op match stamps.
Mr. L. MYERS, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 2999) to repeal
the stamp daty or tax on matches ; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee of Ways and Means, and ordered
to be printed.
RELIEF FOR TENNESSEE.
Mr. MAYNARD, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 3000) for the
relief of the State of Tennessee ; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary, with the accom-
panying documents, and ordered to be printed.
reduction of postage.
Mr. HILL, by unanimous consent, introduced
a bill (H. R. No. 3001) to reduce postage; which
was read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads,
and ordered to be printed,
i credit mobilier.
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. Mr. Speaker, I
rise for the purpose of asking the House to
excuse me from serving on the select com-
mittee appointed yesterday. I have never
sought to avoid either labor or responsibility,
but I feel that I ought not to act as a member of
this committee, because during my recent can-
vass I expressed such decided opinions as to
I the innocence of some of the prominent gentle-
; men accused as, in my judgment, to render it
i improper for me to act. I would have made
; this request as soon as my name was announced
yesterday, but for the fact that friends in
whose judgment I have great confidence urged
me to think of it till this morning.
j The question being put, Mr. Beck, of
Kentucky, was excused from further service
on the select committee.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will ask the
Speaker pro tempore [Mr. Cox] to name a
; substitute.
Mr. COX subsequently took the chair as
Speaker pro tempore, and announced the
appointment of Mr. Merrick, of Maryland,
to fill the vacancy.
DRAWBACK ON SHIP-BUILDING MATERIALS.
Mr. LYNCH, by unanimous1 consent, intro-
i duced a bill (H. R. No. 3002) providing for a
! drawback on ship-building materials and
; ships' stores; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee of
Ways and Means, and ordered to be printed.
united states court docket fees.
Mr. FARWELL, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. R. No. 3003) to collect
docket fees in the circuit and district courts
of the United States; which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
bridge across st. lawrence river.
Mr. WHEELER, by unanimous consent,
introuduced a bill (H. it. No. 3004) to author-
ize the construction of a bridge across the St.
Lawrence river and to establish it as a post
road ; which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee on Commerce, and
ordered to be printed.
WINONA AND ST. PETEIt RAILROAD COMPANY.
Mr. DUNNELL, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 3005) for the
extension of time to the Winona and St. Peter
Railroad Company for the completion of its
road ; which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee on the Public Lands,
and ordered to be printed.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. DAWES. I desire to ask the Chair
what is the regular order ?
The SPEAKER. The regular order of
business, if demanded, would be the call of
committees for reports. Does the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] demand the
regular order?
Mr. DAWES. Not now.
SNAG-BOAT ON THE ARKANSAS RIVER.
Mr. FINKELNBURG, by unanimous con-
sent, submitted the following resolution :
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be, and is
hereby, requested to communicate to Congress what
steps, if auy, have been taken to replace the Iight-
dratt snag-boat J. M. Thayer, sunk in the Arkansas
river in September, and what necessity, if any,
exists for the prompt construction of a light-draft
snag-boat, and what funds there are on hand avail-
able lor the same.
Mr. HOLMAN. I would suggest that that
resolution be referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. I have no objection.
The resolution was referred to the Commit-
tee on Commerce.
POST OFFICE DEPARTMENT.
Mr. PORTER, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. R. No. 3006) to explain
sections one hundred and fifty, one hundred
and fifty-one, and one hundred and fifty-two
of an act to revise, consolidate, and amend the
statute relating to the Post Office Depart-
ment, approved June 8, 1872; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads,
and ordered to be printed.
MRS. REBECCA TAYLOR.
Mr. TOWNSEND, of Pennsylvania, by
unanimous consent, introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 3007) granting a pension to Mrs. Rebecca
Taylor; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, and ordered to be printed.
REPORT ON FREEDMEN's BUREAU.
Mr. WOOD, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution ; which was
read, considered, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the Secretary of Warbe directed to
furnish this House with a copy of the report mado
by General Thomas M. Vincent, assistant adjutant
general, on the condition of the affairs of theFreed-
men's Bureau.
RESERVATION AND INCREASE OF TIMBER.
Mr. HALDEMAN, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. It. No 3008) to provide
for the preservation and increase of timber;
which was read a first and second time, re-
ferred to the Committee on Agriculture, and
ordered to be printed.
SOLDIERS AND SAILORS OF WAR OF 1812.
Mr. STORM, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. R. No. 3009) amendato'y
of the act enlitled "An act granting pensions
to certain soldiers and sailors of the war of
1812," approved February 1, 1871; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee on Revolutionary Pensions and
War of 1812, and ordered to be piinted.
female employes of the uovbknmknt.
Mr. PERCE. I ask unanimous consent to
introduce, for consideration at this time, ;i
bill to regulate the payment of female em-
