16
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 3,
ployes of the Government, and for other pur-
poses.
Mr. WOOD.
Mr. COXGEI
Let the bill be read.
I object to the present
consideration of the bill.
Mr. PERCE. The bill is the report of a
committee.
The SPEAKER. Objection having been
made, the bill is not before the House.
ORDKK OK BUSINESS.
Mr. PERCE. I call for the regular order.
The SPEAKER. The regular order, having
been called, is the call of committees for re-
ports. and the morning hour begins at half
past twelve o'clock. Reports are in order
from the Committee on the Militia.
Mr. COBURN. I think when we last had
a morning hour the business pending was a
report froui the Committee ou Military Af-
fairs on House bill No. lOtio, to enable hon-
orably discharged soldiers and sailors, their
widows and orphan children, to acquire
homesteads on the public lands of the United
States. If I recollect rightly, that was the bill
pending at the close of the last morning
hour.
The SPEAKER. The Calendar does not
show that, and the recollection of the Chair is
that the bill of whish the gentleman from In-
diana [Mr. Cobi rx] had charge, and to which
he now refers, was passed.
Mr. HOLMAN. The gentleman's bill cer-
tainly p:).~sed ihe House.
The SPEAKER. And is now in the Senate.
Mr. COBURN. That is another bill.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is under the
impression that it was the bill of which the
gentleman from Indiana [Mr. CoburnJ had
charge which passed this House in the last
part of the i-ession. and is now on the tiles of
the Senate. If the fact be found to be other-
wise, the Chair will reserve the rights of the
gentleman, and the call of committees will go
on with that understanding.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I call the atten-
tion of the Speuker to the twenty-first joint
inle of the two Houses, and I would inquire
if it does not answer the suggestion of the gen-
tleman from Indiana ? That rule is as follows:
"After six days from the commencement of a sec-
ond or subsequent ses-ton of any Congress, all bills,
resolution?, anil reports whirh originated in the
House, and at the close of the next preceding session
remained undetermined, shall be resumed and acted
on in the same manner as if an adjournment had not
taken place."
The SPEAKER. There is nothing in that
of doing it before the six days. It only makes
it obligatory after the six days. The morning
hour from session to session goes on as if there
had been no adjournment.
Mr. COBURN. I find on the second page
of the order of business this entry:
" Mr. Stoughton, Military Affairs : A bill (H. R.
1665) to enable honorably discharged soldiers and
sailors, their widows and orphan children, to ac-
quire homesteads on the public lands of the United
States. Pending the demand for the previous ques-
tion, the morning hour expired."
The SPEAKER. Is that the bill to which
the gentleman refers?
Mr. COBURN. That is the bill.
The SPEAKER. It is in charge of the
gentleman from Michigan, [Mr. Stoughton.]
Mr. COBURN. Yes, sir, but the gentle-
man from Michigan is not here, and I ask
that the bill be taken up.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I think the first bill
pending in the morning hour is the one author-
izing the Secretary of the Navy to construct
ten sloops of war.
That bill is not in the
The SPEAKER,
morning hour.
. Mr. SCOFIELD.
ing hour, I think.
The SPEAKER.
Mr. SCOFIELD.
We had it in the morn-
The Chair thinks not.
Action upon it was de-
feated by filibustering, I think, on the last
day of the session. Some gentlemen on the
other aide of the House said they were in favor
of the bill, but wished action on it postponed
until this session, under the apprehension that
it might be used for party purposes.
The SPEAKER. The record on the daily
order of business is conflicting. On the 9th
day of May the House had under considera-
tion the bill under the charge of the gentleuoau
from Michigan, [Mr. Stoughton,] in reference
to which there is this entry :
"A bill (II. R. 1665) to enable honorably dis-
charged soldiers and sailors, their widows and
orphan children, to acquire homesteads on the
public lands of the United States. Pending the
demand for the previous question, the morning
hour expired."
On the 23d day of May the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Scofield,] the chairman
of the Committee on Naval Affairs, had be-
fore the House the bill in relation to additional
sloops of war, in reference to which the Chair
finds the following entry :
"A bill (H. R. 2877) to authorize the construction
of ten or more steam vessels of war, and for other
purposes. Pending the question on its engrossment
and demand for the previous question, the morning
hour expired."
Mr. SCOFIELD. That would bring the
bill into the first morning hour this session.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is under the
impression that the bill was reported at an
evening session when the Committee on Naval
Affairs had a right to report, and not in a regu-
lar morning hour.
Mr. RANDALL. It was undisposed of at
the close of the evening session and lost its
The SPEAKER. That is not in the regu-
lar morning hour.
Mr. SCOFIELD. The bill was brought up
at an evening session, but, as my colleague
sa.t s, it came up the next morning, the iast
day of the session, and if it could have been
reached would have been acted ou. I recol-
lect that my colleague made some dilatory
motions in regard to it.
Mr. RANDALL. I am quite aware of that.
Mr. SCOFIELD. He said, I think, that
he was in favor of the bill, but against its
passage then.
Mr. RANDALL. 1 do not recollect saying
any such thing, and if I did I have changed
my mind.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Well, perhaps he said
that he did not want the appropriation made
then lest it should be used for political pur-
poses.
Mr. RANDALL. The gentleman must not
draw upon bis fancy for words to put into my
mouth.
Mr. SCOFIELD. If he did not say that, I
misunderstood him.
Mr. RANDALL. You know I did not
say it.
iVr. SCOFIELD. I am not drawing on my
fancy at all; but I would like to get action on
this bill now.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is under the
apprehension that the easiest way of surmount-
ing the difficulty is to have an understanding
that if tlie bill of the gentleman from Indiana
[Mr. CoiiURN] should prove to be entitled to
the morning hour its position shall be reserved,
while in the mean time the call of committees
shall go ou in the regular order, commencing
with the Committee on the Militia.
Mr. COBURN. At what time will that be
determined?
The SPEAKER. As soon as it can be
definitely ascertained from the Journals of the
House what is the parliamentary position of
the bill. Reports are now in order from the
Committee on the Militia.
No reports were made from that commit-
tee, and other committees were called for
reports.
captain john davis.
Mr. WALLACE, from the Committee on
Revolutionary Claims, reported a bill (H. R.
No. 3011) to authorize the payment of half-
pay to Captain John Davis, a revolutionary
officer; which was read a first and second
time.
The question was on ordering the bill to be
engrossed and read a third time.
The bill, which was read, authorizes and
requires the Secretary of the Treasury to pay
Charles J. Davis, administrator of Captain
John Davis, a revolutionary officer, deceased,
out of any money in the Treasury not other-
wise appropriated, the sum of $24,816, being
the amount of his half-pay from his muster
out of service, at the close of the war in 1783,
to the time of his death, August 1, 1827, with
interest- at the rate of six per cent, per annum
on the installments of pay so due up to the
time of his death.
Mr. HOLMAN. I raise the point of order
that this bill contains an appropriation, and
should be first considered in Committee of
the Whole.
Mr. WALLACE. I hope not.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the
point of order. The bill will be referred to
the Committee of the Whole and placed on
the Private Calendar,
new steam vessels of war.
Mr. SCOFIELD, from the Committee on
Naval Affairs, reported back, with a recom-
mendation that the same be passed, House
bill No. 2877, to authorize the construction of
ten or more steam vessels of war, and (or
other purposes.
The bill, which was read, authorizes the
Secretary of the Navy to coustruct ten steam
vessels of war, each carrying ten or more guns
of large caliber ; the hulls to be built, of iron
or wood, as the Secretary may decide; and
that $3,000,000 be appropriated for that pur-
pose out of any money in the Treasury heie-
after to be appropriated.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
Mr. SCOFIELD. If my colleague [Mr.
Randall] or some other gentleman desires to
speak upon this bill I will yield to him ; other-
wise I will call the previous question.
Mr. HOLMAN. Is this reported from a
committee ?
Mr. SCOFIELD. From the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
Mr. HOLMAN. I hope the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Scofield] will con-
sent to an adjournment, so that we may have
time to consider this bill.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I hope the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Scofield]
will explain the character of this bill.
Mr. RANDALL. Does not this bill con-
tain an appropriation ?
The SPEAKER. It does not.
Mr. HALE. Will the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Scofield] allow me to
offer an amendment?
Mr. SCOFIELD. I will hear it read.
The Clerk read the amendment, as follows:
Provided, That not less than five of said vessels
shall be constructed in private yards in the United
States under contract.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I will permit that
amendment to be offered and considered as
pending. My recollection is that this bill was
discussed at the last session, when it cjime up
for action.
Mr. HOLMAN. My friend is mistaken ;
this subject was not discussed at all; it never
has been discussed.
Mr. SCOFIELD. This bill was introduced
by the gentleman from Massachusetts on my
right, [Mr. Banks,] or perhaps by the gentle-
man from Massachusetts on my left, [Mr.
Hooper;] at all events, it came from some
Massachusetts member, and was referred to
the Committee on Naval Affairs. It was con-
sidered at considerable length by that com-
mittee, and finally reported with some amend-
ments. I supposed it was discussed ; it was
discussed at some length, at all events.
The only opposition I heard to the bill at
