1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1941
word that I shall vote to receive this amend-
ment, because I believe it is in order for two
independent reasons: first, it is in order be-
cause here is a provision on the first page of
the bill touching printing and binding to be
done by the Congressional Printer, so that I
believe as an original proposition amending
that it would "be in order. But in the second
place, the Senate having ruled that this pro-
posed amendment of the committee is in order,
I do not see how the Senate can hold that the
Senator from Ohio has not the right to amend
it in any way he pleases, and particularly when
that way is germane.
Mr. STEVENSON. I suggest to the hon-
orable Senator from New York that there is a
difference. As to this proviso, it only re-
moves that restriction, it makes no contract,
it only repeals an enactment forbidding the
publication of the debates, while the amend-
ment of the Senator from Ohio, and I call my
honorable friend's attention to a ruling had a
year or two ago on this same question, pro-
poses to extend a contract lasting longer than
a year.
Mr. CONKLING. Not at all.
Mr. STEVENSON. If he confines the
amendment, to the year it is in order.
Mr. SHERMAN. Well, I will confine it to
the year.
Mr. STEVENSON. Then I think, according
to the ruling, it would be in order.
Mr. SHERMAN. Suppose, sir, I should
offer an amendment, that so much of this
$2,000,000 as is necessary, should be applied
to the printing of the debates of Congress,
could there be any doubt about that amend-
ment being in order?
Mr. STEVENSON. I think not.
Mr. SHERMAN. It only lasts for one
year anyhow, because the appropriation is
only for one year.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Shall the
amendment to the amendment be received as
in order under the rule?
The question being put, the amendment to
the amendment, was received.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion now is on the adoption of the amendment
to the amendment.
Mr. AN THONY. Let it be read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Provided. That until a contract is made in accord-
ance with said aet. the debates shall be printed by
the Congressional Printer under the direction of the
joint Committee on Public Printing on the part of
the Senate.
Mr. ANTHONY. The contract would not
be made in accordance with that act.
Mr. SHERMAN. Let it read simply "until
a contract is made," striking out the words " in
accordance with said act," because it may
require future legislation.
Mr. ANTHONY. It will require future
legislation.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That mod-
ification will be made.
Mr. SCOTT. Let me suggest to the Sen-
ator from Ohio that as this appropriation is
for the fiscal year 'ending June 30, 1874, if he
intends to provide for the contingency of the
contract expiring with the end of this Con-
gress, he will have to make so much of this
appropriation as is necessary to pay for this
contract with the Congressional Globe avail-
able immediately.
Mr. SHERMAN. We might add the ordin-
ary clause "and so much as is necessary shall
be available upon the passage of this act."
Mr. ANTHONY. There will be no trouble
about that. We can pay it out of the contin-
gent fund. It will be a mere trifling matter at
any rate, which we need not provide for before
the appropriations under this act become
available.
The question being put on the amendment
to the amendment, there were ayes 20, noes
14, no quorum voting.
Mr. ANTHONY. There is a quorum here
if Senators will only vote. We ought not to
be calling the veas and nays all the time at
this late period of the session.
Mr. COLE. It is a matter of necessity
now, as no quorum voted.
Mr. ANTHONY. Let us divide again.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will put the question again.
Mr. ANTHONY. Pertinent to this subject
I hold in my hand an amendment which I
cannot offer now, as an amendment is pending
in the second degree, which is the joint reso-
lution passed by the House of Representatives,
and which I have been trying to get up for
several days, giving the reporting and printing
of the Congressional Globe to the lowest bid-
der, Mr. Murtagh, and when this amendment
is out of the way I shall offertbat as an amend-
ment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will put the question again on the amendment
of the Senator from Ohio to the amendment
of the Committee on Appropriations.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to, there being on a division—ayes 23,
noes 17.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion recurs on the amendment as amended.
Mr. ANTHONY. Now I move to insert at
the end of the amendment just adopted the
words which I send to the Chair.
The Chief Clerk read the words proposed to
be inserted, as follows:
And provided, further, That the joint Committee
of Congress on Public Printing is hereby authorized
to direct the Congressional Printer to contract, onbe-
half of the United States of America, with William
J. Murtagh, of Washington, District of Columbia, for
the reporting and publication of the debate's in
Congress for the term of six years, on and from the
4th day of March, 1873, in accordance with the pro-
posals submitted by him for said reporting and
printing: Piovided, That the reporters so employed
for the Senate shall be at all times subject to the
approval of the joint Committee on Public Printing
on the part of the Senate, and the reporters so em-
ployed for the House of Representatives shall be at
all times subject to the approval of the joint Com-
mittee on Public Printing on the part of the House
of Representatives: And provided further, That the
said Murtagh shall, at the time of executing the
said contract, give bond to the United States in the
penal sum of $100,000, with sureties, to be approved
by the joint Committee on Public Printing, con-
ditional for the due and faithful performance of the
stipulations of said contract to be by him performed:
And provided further. That before the United States
shall be called on to pay for any reporting or publi-
cation of the debates, the accounts therefor shall be
submitted to the joint Committee on Public Print-
ing, or to such other officer or officers of Congress as
they may designate, and on their or his approbation
thereof, as being in all respects according to the
contracts, it shall be paid for from the Treasury of
the United States after having passed the proper
accounting officers thereof.
Sec. —. That in case the said Murtagh shall fail to
execute the contract, and give the bond mentioned
in the first section of this act within ten days after
such contract shall be presented to him, or shall at
any time, in the judgment of the joint Committee on
Public Printing, fail in the due performance of the
same, the joint Committee on Public Printing be
authorized to have the debates reported as they shall
direct, and to have them printed under thedirection
of the Congressional Printer at the Government
Printing Office.
Mr. ANTHONY. I am not'clear that it is
competent to move an amendment extending
over a period longer than that for which the
appropriations in this act are applicable. I
have taken the joint resolution precisely as it
came from the House, providing for a contract
for six years. I am not by any means sure
that it is competent to provide by an amend-
ment to this bill for a contract for any longer
period than for the coming fiscal year: but I
am not sure; the lawyers of the Senate will
know how that is.
Mr. CONKLING. It is perfectly compe-
tent, under what the Senate has ruled, to do it.
Mr. ANTHONY. I think it is in order to
move an amendment making the contract for
one year. I am not clear that it is in order to
move an amendment providing for a contract
for six years.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to know if
this is in order ? If it is, it seems to me the
rule does not amount to much.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is evident
that Senators are divided on this question, and*
the Chair will take occasion to submit the
question to the Senate. The" question is,ou'
the reception of the amendment of the Sena-
tor from Rhode Island. j . ,
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. Does, this'
amendment provide for a contract extending
for a term of six years ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It does.
Mr. BAYARD. For a term beyond the
present fiscal year.
Mr. ANTHONY. I think I had better mod-
ify that. Senators did not hear me, perhaps.
I am very doubtful of the competency to ciner
an amendment extending over the term. of six
years. I did not know but that it might be
competent to provide for a contract for one
year, with the privilege of extending it for a
longer time, the privilege of extension Ijeing
part of the consideration.
Mr. CONKLING. Does my friend remem-
ber that the balance remaining over in cases.
of contracts is not covered into the Treas-
ury, but continues ? I submit to him that there
is no reason why we should not make it for six
years, as to the question of order.
Mr. ANTHONY! I am willing the Seriate
should decide on that point. I will, offer the
amendment either for six years of one year,
as Senators prefer. According to the ruling
we had in a case where the Senator from
New Jersey, on the other side of the Cham-
ber, [Mr. Stockton,] offered an amendment
to raise the salary of a clerk in the Navy De-
partment, I am not clear that it would be com-
petent to contract for more than one year by
an amendment to this bill.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. I think
that this is wholly out of order. That which
the Senate before determined to be in order I
voted against. I have been uniformly opposed
to all legislation of this kind under this rule.
I remember very well that when the rule was
adopted the other day, when the Senator
desired that it should be applicable only to the
future, I objected to that because I desired it
to apply to ail pending appropriation bills.- I
felt that the rule properly administered in
its true spirit would be good in the hasty
legislation that must necessarily occur under
the five-minutes rule; and therefore I have
opposed upon all occasions the admission of
legislative provisions on these bills. I remem-
ber very well that I was called to account for
being consistent in regard to that matter, when
I separated from all my friends on this side
of the Chamber upon a question—I do not
remember what—during the last session of
Congress, and voted so as to show my desire'
to have this rule administered as it ought to
be understood, and as its language plainly
imports.
Now, the honorable Senator from Rhode
Island has referred to the proposition sub-
mitted by the honorable Senator from New
Jersey during the last session of Congress.
There was a clear exposition of the sentiment,
of this body on that question; and it is as
like this in all its material aspects as one ques-
tion can be like another.
The Senator from Rhode Island, then occu-
pying the chair, submitted to the Senate the
question whether that amendment of the Sen-
ator from New Jersey was in order, and the
Senate determined that it was not, because it
extended over one year in its operation; and
as the matter did not exhaust itself within the
fiscal year, it was not in order. The Senate
sustained the opinion of the Chair when sub-
mitted to it. Here we are undertaking to con-
tract to change the whole law of Congress in
fact. Here is a proposition to incorporate an
independent act of legislation, a bill that is
now before this body, which has been laid on
the table and can be acted upon at any time
when the Senate desire. That bill proposes
to give the printing of the debates of Congress
for the six coming years to a contractor. It
is to pass by your Government Printing Office,
