1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
17
that time was an apprehension that it might
have some political bearing. Gentlemen said
to me, either upon the floor of this House or
in private, that they wished it should go over
until after the election and be considered then.
The Secretary of the Navy has recommended
the passage of this bill. Gentlemen will ob-
serve thai these are to be small vessels. Prob-
ably the cost of constructing them will not
exceed three or four hundred thousand dol-
lars each, certainly not more than $500,000.
The cost of them all, I presume, will not ex-
ceed three or four million dollars. It was sup-
posed by the Navy Department that it would
c8 more profitable to build these small sloops
ot' war. that could he placed upon any of our
different stations, instead of following the pre-
cedent of Great Britain, and putting all the
money in the construction of oue large vessel.
We have now five or six different fleets in the
various parts of the world, and it would be
very convenient to have small vessels that
can be put upon these several stations, instead
of the larger and more cumbersome vessels
which nations have latterly been disposed to
build, because these smaller vessels could
perform all the services we need, and would
cost a great deal less. I hardly know exactly
what information the House would have; and
in point of fact I am not very well prepared
(this matter having come up so suddenly) to
discuss it. I was prepared at the last session ;
but I am not so well prepared to-day. There-
fore I propose to yield to gentlemen who may
wish to speak, either for or against the meas-
ure : and I will first yield to my colleague,
[Mr. Raxdall,] who I understand wishes to
make some remarks.
Mr. RANDALL. Mr. Speaker, I only wish
to say to the House that this bill, considering
its enlarged scope and the very considerable
expenditure of money which it proposes, is
in my judgment very loosely drawn. If the
majority of the House believe that ten sloops
of war are necessary for the protection of the
honor of the country, the measure for their
construction should be framed in some such
manner that the interests of the Government
shall be protected. The bill as it now stands
with the amendment, which I believe my col-
league has accepted, provides simply for let-
ting out by contract the construction of five of
these vessels at private yards, while the re-
maining five shall be built in the navy-yards
of the country.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Theamendment to which
my colleague refers is now pending, to be
voted on by the House.
Mr. RANDALL. I understood the gentle-
man to accept it.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I had no power to accept
it. I merely yielded to allow it to be offered.
Mr. RANDALL. That amendment, I must
confess, improves the bill very ranch, because
experience in this country, and I believe in all
countries, has shown that it is a great deal
more economical for the Government to go
into the open market and invite the competi-
tion of all the ship-builders of the country for
the construction of Government vessels than
to undertake to build them in the Government
yards ; and I think such will soon be the policy
of the Government, so that, by thus inviting
private competition in the building of our ships,
we shall save thirty-three per cent, of what
they would otherwise cost, while we shall have
thereby ships that can float, that can sail, and
can compete in speed and in every other re-
spect with the vessels of the other nations of
the earth.
I should not be unwilling to see our Navy
increased to a limited extent, if the measure
for that purpose embraced such safeguards as
seem to me necessary in the expenditure of
the public money. We propose by this legis-
lation to provide for the construction of ten
sloops of war, which, the gentleman tells us,
will cost from four to five million dollars.
I venture to say that when the bills for their
42d Cong. 3d Sess.—No. 2.
construction shall be footed up the amount
will be found to be nearly $10,000,000.
I would like also to see inserted in this bill
such a provision as will preclude private con-
tractors who may construct any of these ves-
sels from coming in here, as they have done in
the past, with enormous claims for extra com-
pensation for the construction of vessels which
we found it necessary to build during the war.
I see in this bill no protection of that sort.
Nor do I see any provision for the preparation
of models, or for the manner of letting con-
tracts, or anything of the kind. The matter is
left to the naked discretion of the Secretary of
the Navy. I admit that the present Secretary
of the Navy is a pleasant gentleman, who no
doubt desires to do his duty faithfully ; but,
speaking irrespective of persons, I believe that
in the construction of ships, as in other expend-
itures of the Government, proper safeguards
should be provided. I hope, therefore, that
my colleague -will allow opportunity for the
full consideration and discussion of this bill,
and that he will let some of us at least have
the opportunity of throwing around it the safe
guards to which I have briefly made allu-
sion.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Mr. Speaker, some of
the so-called " safeguards " to which my col-
league refers are almost anything else than
safeguards. You as a lawyer must know—I
believe, however, you are an editor, but every
lawyer knows that sometimes the more you
put into a contract the more litigation you
cause. The members of this House, as a gen-
eral thing, are not sufficiently acquainted with
ship-building to know exaotly what size these
vessels should be, or upon what model they
should be constructed, or what engines should
be put in them, or anything of that kind. We
must leave such matters in a great measure to
the several bureaus of the Navy Department,
whose professional duty it is to understand
them.
I would also remark that this bill is merely
permissive in its nature. It does not provide
necessarily that these sloops of war shall be
built. Whether they shall or not will depend
upon the appropriations which may be made
by this House, and which will be a subject of
consideration by the Committee on Appro-
priations. But before that question can come
before that committee—before they can call
upon the Department for estimates, or can
consider any estimates which the Department
may put in as to the cost of these vessels—we
must pass a law of this kind, authorizing theit1
construction. The question as to the propriety
of an appropriation and its amount will come
up afterward in this House upon the report of
the committee to which I have referred. The
provision of the bill is that it shall be upon
appropriations hereafter to be made by this
House. The Department can then send in
estimates for appropriations to the House,
and the Committee on Appropriations will be
authorized to act on those estimates.
There is another point made by the gentle-
man. He wishes some safeguards to prevent
contractors coming in if the amendment offered
by the gentleman from Maine [Mr. Hale]
should pass, by which it is proposed we shall
contract for the building of a portion of these
vessels with private builders ; he wishes some-
thing put in the bill to prevent those contract-
ors coming in and asking additional pay. That
you cannot do. The Constitution of the United
States provides that any citizen may apply to
Congress for relief for redress from grievances,
and any contractor who thinks be has not got
quite enough may come and ask for more, and
if Congress chooses to give more he will get
it. You cannot provide against clamors of
contractors; but the probability of any such
claim being preferred is not very great. Those
claims were presented in former times be-
cause ship-builders contracted when we had a
gold currency and when afterward we inflated
the currency by issuing a large amount of
"greenbacks" so that they were to get the
old prices of their contracts in a currency
whose purchasing value was about only one
half what the currency was before. It was on
that account mainly all of these contractors
came in asking for an increase of pay. It is
not likely that will occur again, and if it does
occur, I know of no way in legislation to pre-
vent their coming in and taking just such steps
as have been suggested.
I will now yield for five minutes to the gen-
tleman from Maine [Mr. Hale] to discuss his
amendment.
Mr. HALE. Mr. Speaker, the amendment
I have offered will I think help the bill to pass,
being, as I deem it, intrinsically good. That
something ought to be done to build up our
Navy is evident to any man who examines the
subject. It is just as the President says in his
message, that if something is not done in a
little while we will be the weakest Power on
the waters of the globe. We have to build some
new vessels. We have been expending mil-
lions of dollars, afterabad fashion, in repairing
and keeping old vessels running. If we had
five years ago inaugurated a different policy,
and built two or three good vessels every year,
we should have spent less money and had to-
day good ships. We have not many to-day.
They are going out of use, falling to pieces
being laid up, and the Navy is running down.
I believe some of this difficulty arises from the
fault of construction. I do not know who was
to blame in the old arrangement under which
vessels were built, but I do believe in building
new ones now we will get more quickly better
vessels for less money if they are all or any
part of them built in private yards. And my
amendment goes to just that extent. I did
not attempt in framing it to go' into the
minutiae of the safeguards necessary to be
thrown around contracts, because the same
thing occurred to me which has been suggested
by the chairman of the committee, that when
the money comes to be appropriated, the final
decisive act of Coagress, by which we shall
set this enterprise going and living, then the
whole matter can be more fully guarded as to
how it shall be expended, and tow the con-
tracts shall be made. The whole question of
bids and proposals so that the public interest
can be guarded may be well cared for then
and there. But I do not believe that this
fundamental bill authorizing the building of
these vessels should pass unless the principle
is involved in it that at least a part of these
vessels should be built by private contractors,
by skilled builders of the country. I hope
there will be no objection to the amendment.
I do not understand that the gentleman report-
ing the bill antagonizes it. I hope that he will
say a few words favoring it, and that it will be
adopted. Then I certainly hope, and whoever
has looked into the Navy half as much as I
have will join me in the hope, that the House
will pass the bill and we will start on some
sure foundation for a fair, sound, good Amer-
ican navy; not an extravagant one—that we do
not want, and I hope never shall have—but a
good, fair, creditable navy, with good ships
upon the waters of the globe.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I yield to the gentle-
man from Maryland [Mr. Archer] for five
minutes.
Mr. ARCHER. Mr. Speaker, so far as the
personnel of our Navy is concerned, I think
that our country has just reason to be proud.
Wehave brave,well-educated, and experienced
officers ; but so far as the Navy itself, or rather
the vessels of the Navy, are concerned, I think
the Republic should be ashamed of itself. We
have nothing but rotten, worn-out hulks.
When I say nothing, I mean with but a few
exceptions. An appropriation certainly ought
to be made, and the bill as reported by the
committee should be passed by this House.
Now, so far as the amendment proposed by the
gentleman from Maine [Mr. Hale] is_ con-
cerned, I hope this House will not pass it.
