18
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 3,
The navy-yards of this country are in
splendid condition for the building of vessels.
They need but one single addition thereto,
and that is, that in case of our building iron-
clads some addition should be made to the
machinery for the purpose of bending iron
plates, and the navy yards being in this con-
dition, the vessels should be built by the
navy-yards, under the direction of naval
officers.
Experience has proved that all the vessels,
or almost all the vessels, which have been
built by contractors for the Government, have
proved utterly and entirely useless to the coun-
try. They have been built of green timber,
or were found to be worthless in some other
respect. And our navy-yards being in this
condition, with experienced workmen in the
yards, and men who can be controlled to fill
them up whenever we wish them, I say that
the amendment of the gentleman from Maine
[Mr. Hale] should not be passed, but that the
matter should be left discretionary with the
Secretaiy of the Navy; or else, when the ap-
propriation bill comes to be passed, that then
a proviso shall be added that the vessels shall
be built in the navy-yards themselves.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I yield five minutes to
the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Platt.]
Mr. PLATT. I had not expected that the
consideration of this very important subject
would have come up in the House to-day, or
for several days, and I am not prepared, there-
fore, to discuss the matter as I should like. It
is a matter of so much importance to every
member of this body, and to this entire coun-
try, that we are required to give it our most
serious attention and most careful examina-
tion before coming to a decision. The Presi-
dent has said to us in his annual message—
• " It is evident that unless early steps are taken to
preserve our Navy, in a very few years the United
States will be the weakest nation upon the ocean of
all great Powers."
Sir, the United States is to-day, of all the
great Powers, the weakest nation upon the
water; and this is the initiatory step which it
is desired should be taken By the Navy Depart-
ment to enable us to preserve some portion of
our prestige upon the waters of the world.
This bill simply proposes to give the Navy
Department authority to construct ten small
vessels of war. It is well known to every mem-
ber of the Honse that witboat the authority of
law the Navy Department cannot construct a
new vessel. They can repair vessels merely,
and there has been no new vessel constructed
since the war. Onr old vessels have been
repaired, and repaired at a much greater ex-
pense in some instances than would have been
required to build vessels of the class described
in this bill.
As regards the amendment which has been
proposed by the gentleman from Maine, [Mr.
Hale,] that five of these vessels shall be built in
private yards, I think, sir, that an examination
of the records of the Navy Department and the
past experience of this country will demonstrate
that the facts are precisely the reverse of the
statement made by the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania. Instead of the vessels bnilt in our
navy-yards having been useless, and those out-
side having been valuable, the exact reverse
of that statement is the truth. In almost every
instance where the Government have gone
outside of our navy-yards, and vessels for the
Navy have been built by contract, they have
proved useless and expensive failures. There
are in this House to day a large number of
gentlemen^ who had an opportunity last spring
of witnessing for themselves a very striking
example of this fact. They saw in the Nor-
folk navy-yard the Powhatan, a vessel built
twenty years ago, in which Commodore Perry
made his celebrated voyage around the world,
still in sound condition, while lying alongside
of it they saw two other vessels, the Swatara
and Galena, of the same size and class, built
tea years later by contract given to the lowest
bidder, both of them worthless wrecks, worn
out and useless to the Government, and the
illustration might be carried through the his-
tory of all the vessels which the Government
has attempted to build outside of the navy-
yards.
But, sir, it is utterly impossible to bring up
facts or references, or to discuss this matter in
any manner commensurate with its importance,
in five minutes, and I hope that someday will
be allotted by the House when the bill can be
brought up and discussed, and in the mean-
time the attention of the House will be
attracted to it.
Mr. POTTER. I desire to ask the gentle-
man from Virginia a question, with his permis-
sion.
Mr. PLATT. Certainly.
Mr. POTTER. I desire the gentleman from
Virginia, as he is a member of the Naval Com-
mittee, to be good enough to inform the House
to what use it is designed to put these vessels
which he calls small vessels?
Mr. PLATT. I should be very glad to an-
swer the gentleman's question, but it would
require more than the five minutes allotted to
to me to do so, and my time has already expired.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I will answer the ques-
tion of the gentleman from New York with
pleasure.
Mr. POTTER. I shall be glad to receive
an answer.
Mr. SCOFIELD. We have now what are
known as the North Atlantic squadron, the
South Atlantic squadron, the Mediterranean
squadron, the Pacific squadron, and the East
Indian squadron. The Pacific squadron is in
point of fact divided in two, one for northern
and the other for southern service.
Now, we have not at present sea-going ves-
sels enough to keep these small squadrons
full for the protection of our commerce and
our interests. A small vessel is really better
for this service than a large one, because it
can enter all of the ports, and because it will
accomplish just as much service as a large one,
at a less expense. That is the service that
we want of them in time of peace. If these
squadrons are to be withdrawn ; if we are to
have no squadron in the Mediterranean, none
in the North or South Atlantic, none in the
Pacific, or in the eastern seas, or if we are to
have only a part of these squadrond, why then
we do not need these new vessels ; but if we
are to keep up our squadrons as we have done
hitherto, then we need these vessels imme-
diately. I now yield to the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Shellabarger,] who desires to
ask me a question.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I wish to ask the
chairman of the Committee on Naval Affairs
whether it would not be agreeable to that
committee, as I hope it will be to the House,
to have a day fixed for which this bill shall be
made the special order, when it can be con-
sidered and when the views of the Committee
on Naval Affairs can be presented more fully
than they have been this morning ?
Mr. SCOFIELI). I will say, in answer to
the gentleman from Ohio, that nothing would
suit me better.' I knew that the facts connected
with the bill had gone out of the minds of
gentlemen since the adjournment, to some ex-
tent; I know they had out of mine ; butlsup-
posed that perhaps the only way I could reach
the bill was to take it up now. If the House
will consent to name next Thursday as the
day when this bill shall be taken up as a special
order I shall be very glad, and I have no doubt
the whole committee concur with me. Gen-
tlemen will then have an opportunity to sub-
mit remarks upon it.
Mr. RANDALL. I have no personal ob-
jection to the suggestion made; but I would
like to submit an amendment which I hope
will be adopted in case the amendment of the
gentleman from Maine [Mr. Hale] shall pre-
vail, and I think the gentleman from Maine
will accept it.
The Clerk read the amendment, as follows:
And the said sloops to be built in private yards
shall be advertised for by proposals, with plans to bo
furnished to bidders, and the building of the same
shall be awarded to the lowest bidder, who shall
offer full security to complete the work.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I have no objection to
the gentleman offering that amendment. And
now I ask that Thursday next, if that is a
suitable day, be set apart for the consideration
of this bill.
Mr. KELLEY. I suggest to my colleague
[Mr. Randall] that he modify his amendment
so as to say the best bidder,
i Mr. RANDALL. I modify my amendment
by substituting the word "steamers" for
"sloops."
The SPEAKER. The Chair knowa noth-
ing that would prevent the House from con-
sidering this bill on Thursday, provided the
hour is named, and the order is made " to the
exclusion of all other orders."
I Mr. SCOFIELD. Well, I will make that
' motion.
The SPEAKER. That would require unan-
imous consent.
Mr. COX. Before the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Scofield] closes this
matter will he allow me to indicate by a few
remarks an amendment I wish to offer?
Mr. SCOFIELD. Does the gentleman wish
to do it now?
Mr. COX. Yes.
I Mr. SHELLABARGER. What is the pres-
' ent position of this bill?
j The SPEAKER. It is in the morning hour
1 and will remain there from day to day until
! disposed of, unless taken out by the arrange-
ment proposed by the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. SCOFIELD. If I understand the Chair,
should we leave this bill where it is, we may
occupy the morning hour with its consider-
ation, and it will come up to-morrow in the
morning hour.
The SPEAKER. It will, and, according to
the ruling of the Chair, the morning-hour
business will run on after the expiration of
sixty minutes, and until superseded by some
question of higher privilege.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Then I will allow this
bill to run on in the morning hour, and will
not call for a vote upon it to-day. I would
iiMuire of the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Cox] how much time he wants?
Mr. COX. Only five minates.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I have not yet
concluded what I wish to say.
Mr. SCOFIELD. The gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Shellabarger,] to whom I yielded,
is not through. After he has concluded his
remarks, I will yield to the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Cox] for five minutes.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. The only state-
ment I desired to make was this: I desire to
call the attention of the Committee on Naval
Affairs to the fact that this bill as reported,
and as proposed now to be put on its passage,
does not in any way limit the character, size,
capacity or description of vessels to be built,
except only that they shall carry ten or more
guns.
Mr. POTTER. Of large caliber.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. Yes, ten or more
guns of large caliber. The committee will
perceive there is no prohibition in this bill of
our return to that thing which I understand is
not desired by the oommittee, the building of
large mammoth vessels like those now perish-
ing in our harbors. I hope the committee will
pay attention to that matter. If that is what
is desired by the committee ; if, as indicated by
the debate, that is what is really aimed at by
the committee, it certainly is not accomplished
by this bill.
Communications have been made to us time
and again, in ways that are almost startling,
that cannot have failed to arouse the attention
of the American Congress to the importance
