1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
19
of our at once initiating a wise plan to revive
or rather to make upon our seas an Ameri-
can navy. It is my judgment, and so far as
I can gather from what has been said I think
it is the judgment of the Committee on Naval
Affairs, that we ought to begin   system that
shall be a system, one harmonious in plan, in
idea, and in ultimate consummation. In be-
gining that plan I do believe that it is wise at
least to indicate that we shall put npon the
seas a class of vessels that shall be able to go
over the sea^ having speed, having size,
having adaptations that will make them the
guardians of our commerce. I believe that to
be the elementary idea that must at least enter
into the beginning of the building up of our
Navy. That being the idea, I think it is wise
that we should so guard, limit, specify, aud
qualify the description of the ships to be built
as that they shall accomplish now and im-
mediately that office, and provide for the
imminent contingencies now demanded by our
commerce.
Mr. SCOFIELD. So far as I can gather
the ideas of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Shellabarger,] they correspond with the
purpose of the committee that reported this
bill. The sloops of war that this bill was
designed to authorize the construction of
would have steam and sails both, so that we
could economize, as a general thing running
them as we do now, mainly under sail, and
be in continuation of the plan hitherto adopted
by the Navy Department of having squadrons
of small vessels scattered over the seas of the
world to protect our commerce, and look after
it as a kind of police, and sach vessels as can
be used advantageously in time of war. If
this bill will not accomplish that purpose the
committee would be glad to be aided by the
gentleman from Ohio, or by any other gentle-
man, with such amendments and alterations
as would work out such results. I now yield
to the gentleman from New York [Mr. Cox]
for five minutes.
Mr. COX. I had designed simply to call
the attention of the honorable chairman of the
committee to an amendment which will strike
out the word "ten" and insert "five" as the
number of these proposed sloops of war, and
make the appropriation accordingly. I believe
this matter needs more consideration. Re-
marks which have been made in this House
by my friend from Maine [Mr. Hale] at the
last session, if not the present, have conveyed,
I think, some sort of implied censure of a
former Secretary of the Navy, Mr. Gideon
Welles. I know there has been a good deal
of discussion about the " worn out" character
or very temporary quality of the vessels con-
structed during Mr. Welles' administration of
the Navy Departmnnt. In justice to Mr.
Welles it ought to be said, and onght to be
understood by this House, that when the war
began, when the proclamation of President
Lincoln was issued, we had no material on
hand for the construction of vessels. We had
no stock of live-oak for that purpose. When
the war began, and during its continuance, it
was impossible to get well-seasoned limber or
live-oak from the South, whence such timber
always comes. As a consequence, our vessels
were made of green and unsuitable timber.
They were perishable. Bat no more reproach
should be cast upon the Secretary of the Navy
for the perishable quality of our vessels of war
than for the perishable character of our horses
or of our ambulances or of our fortifications,
most of which have fallen into decay.
1 hope this matter will come up again for
debate, and that meanwhile gentlemen of the
House will refer to Executive Documents 279,
280, and 282 of the second session of the For-
tieth Congress. In those documents a full
and complete report was made with regard to
the quality and character of all our vessels
constructed during the war, with a detailed
statement of ail the losses by casualties. That
renort, which was made I think in 1868, should
be carefully examined in connection with this
subject.
But the question which I wish now particu-
larly to raise is whether we have on hand at
this time the necessary timber to build these
sloops-of-war. If they are to be constructed
of wood, we should have appropriations for
the purchase of live-oak of proper timber
for their construction. For forty years after
the war of 1812 it was customary to make ap-
propriations annualy for keeping on hand a
stock of this live-oak timber. After a while
Secretaries of the Navy, for the purpose of
securing a reputation for economy, omitted
the estimates for the purchase of live-oak, so
that when the late war commenced we had no
suitable timber on hand for the construction
of ships. We have now, I understand, a con-
tract with a Mr. Brown for the furnishing of
some $500,000 worth of this live-oak timber.
But has it been seasoned ? How long has it
been on hand V
If, on the other hand, these vessels are to be
made of iron, I would like to know from gen-
tlemen who understand the business at our navy-
yards, whether we have proper apparatus
arranged there for the building of iron vessels.
I venture to say that we should first establish
suitable navy-yards for this purpose before
expending large sums for the construction of
iron vessels. At any rate one thing is sure;
before we enter upon the work of building ten
sloops of war, we ought to try the experiment
with five, and afterward, or in connection
with the same measure, we should make pro-
vision for the purchase of live-oak—seasoned
timber. By such measures we shall have a
navy which will not be exactly such as was
created during the war—which will be a dura-
ble navy, such aa will reflect honor on the
service and credit upon the country.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I now yield five minutes
to the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Banks.]
Mr. BANKS. Mr. Speaker, the bill before
the House, and which 1 had the honor myself
to present for reference to the Committee on
Naval Affairs, had a double object. We for-
get things nowadays so easily that we do not
remember events that occurred only three,
four, five, or six months ago. But it will be
remembered, I think, by gentlemen of the
House that during the last year our vessels in
the Gulf of Mexico and the Caribbean sea
were constantly chaaed by Spanish cruisers;
and there were serious apprehensions on the
part of naval officers and of the Government
that there would be a collision between this
country and Spain. In view of this fact it
was stated that we were utterly without any
suitable means of naval protection. We wanted
swift sailing vessels that carried a few heavy
guns. The gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Shel-
labarger,] who speaks of the beginning of
the reconstruction of the Navy system, will
see that vessels of that character are of the
first interest, and whenever we begin we can-
not do better than begin by the construction
of small vessels with swift sailing powers and
carrying a few heavy guns. That was what we
wanted for immediate defense of the country
in the waters adjacent to the Union at that
time. It appears from the President's mes-
sage read to us yesterday that the condition of
things there is not essentially different. We
do not know what may occur there now in this
regard, and it is proper for us" to be prepared
for it now as soon as we can.
I should like to wait, as the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Cox] suggests, until we can
build navy-yards and grow white oak and have
it seasoned; but we may want these vessels
before that, and the bill gives the Navy Depart-
ment the right to construct them at the navy-
yards, as they have the materials on band or
can obtain them for their construction. We
want the appropriation. Navy-yards and live
oak will come afterward for the reconstruction
of the Navy on a grand scale.
I appreciate the wisdom of the early practice
of the Government in preparing these mate-
rials long years in advance. Our navy-yards
cost between thirty and forty million dollars,
and they ought at least to be able to construct
five small swift-sailing vessels, carrying heavy
guns, immediately or without any consider-
able delay. This was the first view of the bill,
and it was that which led me to present it, £
because, being acquainted with the condition
of things from services on another committee
than that having charge of naval affairs, and
being in communication with officers of the
Government not of that Department, I felt the
necessity of having some appropriation. We
were likely to be assailed on the high seas
without, as our naval officers said, having the
slightest possible chance of defending our-
selves successfully, and the naval authorities,
as well as those of every other department of
the Government, asked this appropriation
might be made. As I have said, although there
is less of these events now actually transpiring,
the danger is the same now as then.
Then there was another subject. The Sec-
retary of the Navy in his last report stated we
had one hundred and seventy-nine ships, of
which,there were twenty-nine sailing ships
not adapted to the service for which we wanted
vessels. There were fifty-three only on the regu-
lar stations on the Pacific coast, on the Atlan-
tic coast, and on the lakes, where they were
wanted and could not be well withdrawn from
that service. Six were only ready for sea.
Fifty-two were monitors, only one in commis-
sion, all lying at navy-yards where they could
not be used, and they themselves were not
adapted for this service. Seventeen were in
repair, and thirteen on the stocks, not having
been completed and never launched, and
probably never will be, because they were
constructed of imperfect materials which did
not answer the purpose of these ships, and
the cost of completing would be ultimately a
loss if it were authorized. There is no cen-
sure on the officers of the administration of
the Navy Department during the war, as the
gentleman from New York implies. I have
heard on this side of the House the same
explanation given as he made for the failure
of vessels, growing out of the fact that we were
not prepared for war, and' had to construct
vessels as fast as possible and of such material
as we had.
We have not more than fifteen or twenty
vessels capable of the service we want, and
none of the exact character and description
required. We want swift-sailing vessels carry-
ing a few guns of large caliber, and those who
understand and consider the subject will not,
I think, be reluctant to give $3,000,000 for
the construction of such vessels.
Mr. BINGHAM. Allow me to suggest, in
view of what the gentleman from Massachu-
setts states, the propriety of amending the bill
offered by him so as to strike out the provision
allowing discretion to the Secretary. It says
ten or more guns.
Mr. BANKS. I do not object to that if it
meets with the approval of the Committee on
Naval Affairs. I think the discretionary power
should be omitted in the appropriation for the
construction of this small number of vessels.
Mr. SCOFIELD. We want to give the
Secretary some discretionary power, so that
he may make some with a smaller number and
some with a larger number. There may be
an amendment providing they shall not ex-
ceed so many.
Mr. BINGHAM. That is what I suggest.
Mr. BANKS. I think it ought to be done,
and I will make that amendment if there be no
objection.
A word in regard to the imperfect details
and statement of the character of these vessels
in the bill to which reference has been made.
The gentleman will understand it is impossi-
ble to describe fully and completely in detail
the character of vessels which are to be built.
