18J3;
TH^QNGRESSIOFAl,, GLOBE:;
98&
I have as yetreeeived no reply to this paper.
I rtill remark,' however,' as I desire to dispose,
0,f this qtjestion ag speedily as possible, for.the
most importanticonsiclerationsj to me person-,
ally,holding, as I'do,Several telegrams' inform t
ihg m<5 that' my professional-business, elsewhere
is b.eing neglected, an,d..being, desiroug, as early
as t can,. to fulfill my engagement's,X will take
occasion to assert what m.y testimony was, and
thus,save any more formal transcribing or cor,-
reeting of the manuscript 'itself. The report
presented, here now claims.my attention,;, and
wfyitis it? ,1 claim that I, frankly and fully, ten'
(lays or .two weeks ago, testified to my relation,
to .the matter wilder . investigation before the
committee. I supposed,frpmreading theresb/;
lution, which seemed to, be, plain .eqougl}, that
the object of the inquiry was to ascertain "the
relation of .the-Government, of ,th.e •,United
States ,to the, tJnion jlacifle railroad, chap-
tered by Congress, and' endowed with certain
_bonds and grants to ^eeute its'construction,and
the indebtedness thereby .created to the Gov-
ernment. 1 1 ' ■
Mr. LYNCH- I.risfe to M point of Order; and
it .is that the,gentleman, now at the bar- is not
confimnghimaelf to:an answer to the question
propounded "by the Chair.,
■ The SMSAKtMl. The. Chair does not think
thepoint pf order well taken as tbegetrtleipaii.'
at the bar is attempting tp justify himself.". :
■ MrvSTEWABT. Inanswestothafccalllre--
plied fully andfraftkly: that'! had beencPunsel'
of'.that corporation, that I was .Counsel, in ref-
erence to persons having dealings with it, -that
1, received for my services, in. tha,t behalf: a
certain cornpeasatipn. . I furthermore went on'
to say, without, being interrogated, that there
came into my bauds, in that relation, over
$250,000 in bonds and money, which reached
me for clients,for whom I was acting. It was
placed in my hands by clients for whom I was
acting, and, in the confidential relation known
to the profession belweeu counsel and client,
I stated that I did not feel at liberty to disclose
what those relations were,, or what acts I.per-
formed in that capacity. I was urged to answer
that question and to make those disclosures. I
earnestly, and, I hope, respectfully, refused to
do so.. . , .-. • ,
After being examined, with some manifesta-
tion of impatience on the part of the commit-
tee, I was not permitted to be as full in my
statements in many respects as I would have
volunteered to have been, because the com-
mittee were laboring at a late hour, and were
evidently very much fatigued, it being toward
midnight; I was requested to appear again
before the committee on my return to the city,
and did so of my own volition. The first thing
then proffered, to me was the direct question,
to which I had before stated, as plainly as I
had language or was able to state, that the
only information which I claimed to* withhold
was that whjeh came to me in, the attitude of
counsel, and not otherwise;, And every part
of this testimony, and every part of this report
which curtails that position in the slightest
degree, I .traverse .here and at all times, .and
assert what.I assumed,and asserted before the
committee.. , •
Standing, then, in that, position, ,1 am still
pressed to .answer that, questio.n. And what
is the question I am called upon thus to an-
swer? And, that, I apprehend, is exactly ma-
terial to the question inquired of here. I am
asked to testify to matters betw.ecn myself and
my clients, which commenced some thirteen
years ago, and which were .concluded going
on ten - years ago* and which have long since
ceased to be the subject of reflection. Material
papers have been returned to those who were
entitled to them. There were matters about
which I could not be entirely accurate were 1
disposed to disclose them, because they have
gone from my recollection, and I, would be led
into error, as I labored back through the excit-
ing scenes of the past, then convulsing and
disturbing this country. Yet I am now called
upon to undertake a statement of matters thus
confidential, and to expose and exhibit these
papers and things, if I ^ad them in my pos-
session. But J do not have, them all, and
those I have I have under the same seal of
confidence., lam asked to, tell,.these things
at a time.when.. many of those,whom I repre-
sented in confidence;,haye gone to their graves,
and to thair. .flaab account elsewhere, leaving
me responsible,.,in,the discharge.of tlio^e pro-
fessional, relations,;tp-thqse who have confided
,iu.flag,, and who,,up to ibis time, have found no
fault with m.e.. •; .
I am .oof? arraigned an d put in the attitude of
a criminal,, as, it were,- before this tribunal and
the country, as i,ayir}g.eqminitted sojne crime,
because I have not submitted to an ordeal tp,
which t^e, character of no.gentle.man, no man,
no attorney, can be' subjected' :without, in my-
humbl'e' judgment, violating the most sacred
relations which human Society, can create be-
tween -ma'n and man. And if T fa.il to. do that,
I am told by,the resolution before me that! I
am'to be subjected'.tp incarceration. And
why ?, ;For not doing, that which had I volun-
teered to do at any-time grivious to' this day,
or. should,hereafter do ofniyoVti volition, the
clients- whom I served would have a right to
move to disbar me from the further exercise
of my profession i'and if'by my, voluntary
discovery I damage those whose interests are
confided' to me, J: would be liable 'to special
Upon the one part the law is written in all
the text-books, it is maintained in every adju-
dicated case for the last two hundred and fifty
years; while upon the, other hand I stand ,iu
the extraordinary postition of being told by
this august body, the supreme law-making
power of this land, that unless I violate this
law of confidential relations, so written and
adjudicated, .1 shall be put in a bastile—a
power which could only be. recognized when
all that is written in the Constitution of the
United States and-has formed its very frontis-
piece is disregarded.
Therefore, sir, in regard to this question of
contempt, I stand before this august body in
this position:. I deny all contempt; I claim
that'there is nothing withheld by me but that
which came, to me solely arid exclusively, in
the relation of counsel, and your record: must
stand corrected on that poirft most positively.
More than that,! beg to submit that when I
have upon my corporal oath, under my respons-
ibility to the pains and penalties of perjury,
stated that in the matters referred to 1 have
not paid money or bonds or otherwise dealt
with any officer of this Government, exec-
utive, judicial, or legislative, either, directly or
indirectly, so far as I know—when I assume
this position, .if I understand the piece of
parchment on which our organic law, our be-
loved Constitution is written, I have stepped
forth beyond the reach ,of any rightful juris-,
diction of Congress. My actions, whatever they
are, may become the subject of proper inquiiy
before the couits of the country, under laws
already existing, not made for the purpose,
before,tribunals where I can answer and be
answered unto, where mv actions, whatever
they are. can be inqiv'-'-d into, and where
there is a compensating remedy in eyery re-
spect for .every wrong I may sustain.. Be-
cause, sir, it is abhorrent to suppose that you
would inflict a penalty or enforce a rule fraught
with mischief, for which you have no corre-
sponding remedy, as must be the case with
the question I am called upon to answer.
I asseverated before the committee on oath,
and I repeat it here, that if I felt at liberty, or
should allow rnvself to be dragged into such a
course and to make the utmost disclosure
until the last gossiping curiosity should be
exhausted,'and the scrutiny and inquiry which
seeths to have' sprung up from an extraor-
dinary and rather abnormal state of the case
should have satiated itself—if I should under-
take that work) as I shall not, I must labor for
weeks ;,,I, cannot dp it djiringitho.sesfio.n.ivaid,
attempt tjO, be.frccuBate ;;and, whgh itj was-ci^uij
and ,all, curiosity,exhausted, .the,-imposition
would fei consigned to the ,waste:bask,ei,.as
wholly immaterial to anything , th^ajj rshou,!^
govern y pur ..aotipns:herey Biit the,serpent
of mischief,which, wpplS be.,left fehippl. is;
another questipfl. , Matters between ipan iqd,
man, ,jn-(ist thereby; heconj^unseti^d ; qpiet
must be ppnverted mtft,.di^pprd\ copjaiiencp,
must,be change,^ intodistijnst.,,, Mischief i^re,-!
mediable,.'m st be )ef(, lagging in; tfi^ rear for
myself to, encounter-; Wh^n jpa^ave, gone'
henpe,. ,whan. your. ^ptiopr.goiQd or, J?ad, ,1'ight
or vfrqng, shall Ijlave.bee.n consummate,^, when
your sense pf &utyi ,6^11 (liaye. been. gfati^ed
in your estimatianIan,d.ip'tiat,,Qf1<fhe.,.public,,
you stillJe^y'e. hefiiftd-.tfyppe whp.^rq injured
in P^ay that yot} canhptremedy-.,.
I repeat,, it ,is abhorrent to every,.sense of
justicp,.tpeyefyrulepf right, that ,such a thing
could for .one momepi be ipfljcte^.uppn me or
upon any other lawyer in the United, States
In .taking my preset position,.,in the face, of
the, threatening lalterijative presented';by the
resolution, I do4t,not only for.myself, hpf.for;'
every, .litigant .in yow-.Qpttrts-rMbr, h^,
asserts and demands, an<J .fo^Jiioji wjip j5ejii,e&
and resists. , I dp it qn;be|i&lf of,every ^tomey,
who may have the privilege of, .pEacti,ci|g,lajy..
I do.it in obedience,to theiteachings received
by me,at the earliest,stage of,.my professional,
life. When studying my profession, ,over,
thirty years ago, I learned this, as my .first,
great, and bounden, -duty.,. "V^hateyer, be,|.he
consequences, if I should ;fpr tljis ,be confined
to a prison,, so help, me God, the continence
of those who, have trusted; me will rest in .ihy
bosom., [Slight applause'in the galleries, which
was promptly checked by, t.he Speaker.}, _ ...
This is an extraordinary scene; and it is no
matter pf gratification to me to be required to
stand here and state what I do ; fori well know
that the position of this House, if insisted
upon, must be mischievious .and damaging.
For over twenty-seven years I,have endeav-
ored to behave myself as an attorney; and I
say .before this august body that if I should
allow myself to, be questioned in the manner
proposed, there would, transpire consequences
for which there is .no remedy known to the laws
of tte land-nconsequences wjiich I mu,st:carry
yith me, without your aid to alleviate them ,in
the least degree. In view of the alternative
presented by the resolution, and with all respect
to the wise :and learned committee who pre-
pared it, I wish to call attention to its terms :
" Ordered, That the Speaker do issue his warrant,
directed to the Sergenut-at-Arms attending this
House, or his deputy, commanding Iiim to take into
custody, wherever to foe iound, the body of Josepn
B. Stewart, and the same m bds custody keep, sub-
ject to the further order .and direction of' .this
llouse."
I say with all due respect to,its author and
to the highly honorable committee, \yhom I
thank for their courtesy while before, them,!
say I would rather be the victim, than the author
of that resolution. [Sensation. J I misappre-
hend everything known to our organic law, and
I stand in a land I am ashamed of, and I have
tried to serve it to the ,b,est of my ability, it
such a thing can transpire in virtue or obedi-
ence to anything known to the laws and'the
Constitution of the United States. Now, Tam
somewhat at a loss, and I trust what I haye
said is sufficiently guarded in the manner, in
which it is presented to the,House—I repeat
that while I do not wish to be guilty of any in-
tentional reflection in my statements, .never-
theless they are, necessary to the clear under-
standing of,the position which llVdesire to
maintain and will maintain whatever be its con-
sequence—I repeat that what I am at a loss to
see is,that the representations made, so far as
they show I refused to answer anything which
did not come to me in the attitude of counsel,
are erroneous. Who is to bethe^judge of th^t
relation, of counsel and client ? A'ho is tp be
the judge as to whether, that which Mr, Smith
