1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1943
110 saving ia it; and I give notice now that if
you contract with Mr. Murtagh and he comes
here and shows me by the figures that he has
not realized a profit, but that he lost money, I
will vote to pay him. I announce it in ad-
vance, and I do not care what you say, Sen-
ators, you will vote along with me. 1
Mr. ANTHONY. I give notice, and I have
given notice to Mr. Murtagh, that if he fails to
perform the contract which he enters into, I
will vote against allowing him any compensa-
tion. He has made his bid with his eyes open,
and he certainly ought to be familiar with the
whole subject. He says he can do the work
at that price, and he shall do it at that price or
he shall not be paid more, so far as I am
concerned.
Mr. HAMLIN. Let me ask my friend what
does Mr. Clapp think is the net cost?
Mr. ANTHONY. Mr. Clapp, in whose
judgment I have great reliance, does not think
the work can be done so low as Mr. Murtagh
offers to do it; but Mr. Murtagh offers to do
it, and offers a bond of $100,000 that he will
do it. Can we refuse to give a man a contract
when he is the lowest bidder, because we
think he cannot do the work at his contract
price?
Mr. HAMLIN. We know he cannot.
Mr. ANTHONY. I do not know what we
are to judge by. Here is a man who is a printer
by trade, who has a large printing establish-
ment, who has a properous newspaper, and
who offers a bond of $100,000, and we say he
cannot do it. I told him I did not think he
could do it. That is my judgment about it;
but he knows more about it than I do, and he
says he can do it and he is willing to enter into
the stipulation. He also understands perfectly
well what the contract provides. The law does
not authorize a contract upon any other terms
than that the reporters here shall be acceptable
to the Senate. I know very well that no re-
porters but those we have now will be accepted
by the Senate so long as they perform their
duties as they do now for a fair compensation,
and he perfectly understands that.
Mr. CONKLING. Does not Mr. Murtagh
propose to have the same reporters ?
Mr. ANTHONY. Of course he does; and
he perfectly understands he cannot employ
those reporters for the sum he is to be paid
for reporting according to his bid; but he says
he is paid enough on other items to make up
that deficiency. I am not going to put my
opinion against his in a matter of that kind.
It is of much more consequence to him than
to me. As my friend from Maine has given
notice that he will vote to make up losses, I
will give notice that if Mr. Murtagh drives off
men who can do the work by putting in a lower
bid and then does not fulfill his contract I shall
look to his bondsmen.
Mr. HOWE obtained the floor.
Mr. HAMLIN. I wish to say a word.
Mr. HOWE. Very well.
Mr. HAMLIN. 1 only want to say to the
Senator from Rhode Island that he has made
a speech that I have heard over and over again
here in regard to contracts made for the low-
est bidders. Half a dozen times I have heard
the same Senators who made those speeches
vote to pay deficiencies in each of those con-
tracts ; and it will be done again.
Mr. CAMERON. Mr. President 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Wisconsin [Mr. Howe] is entitled
to the floor.
Mr. CAMERON. Oh, he will yield to me.
I rise, sir, to corroborate what has been said
by the Senator from Maine about our paying
contractors who come here and say they have
lost money. I have heard those stories for
thirty years here, and for twenty years before
in the Legislature of Pennsylvania. Men come
offering to do work for a small sum, and then
if they fail to make anything they come to
the Legislature or to Congress, where the
kindness of heart of those who act as judge
permits them to get what they ask.
But that is not my objection to the amend-
ment of the Senator from Rhode Island. I
object to it because we are not now prepared
to make a contract with anybody for this print-
ing. As I said some time ago, the franking
privilege has been abolished, and we do not
know what we shall do hereafter with the pub-
lic documents. I trust the number of docu
ments and the cost of the documents printed
by Congress will be greatly reduced ; and if we
do reduce the amount of matter printed as our
debates and the number of volumes taken,
then this gentleman will make no profit and
we shall have to come in and make up his
losses. What will you do with these large
volumes? How will you send them off? Our
constituent^will not send us postage stamps to
pay the postage on them, and we will not send
them by express, and we will not hire the rail-
roads to carry them. We shall really have
no use for them.
Mr. HOWE. Will my friend allow me to
make a suggestion just there. I am just now
reminded, that, having yielded to the Senator
from Pennsylvania, he is not only speaking
instead of me, but' he is speaking for me and
the time that would be allowed to me. I hope
the Senator will not enforce that rule against
me.
Mr. CAMERON. I will give way to the
Senator from Wisconsin. He can speak better
than I can.
Mr. HOWE. It strikes me that this is a
remarkable exhibition. If it is to be consid-
ered in the light of a financial proceeding, it
is unquestionably remarkable. Of one thing
there is no sort of doubt, that there is no man
on this floor who is intrusted to vote the
national funds away who does not mean to
economize them. That is one of the things
certainly known ; but this is the queerest way
of economizing I ever heard of. That is all
I have to say about it.
There are two propositions before ns just
at this minute for publishing the congression-
al debates. There is unquestionably about
$90,000 per annum between the cost of those
two methods as applied to our printing here-
tofore ; and as applied to what the printing
will be hereafter it is a good deal more than
$90,000.
Now, sir, I appeal to you and to the Senate
if it is not a little queer that among ns, who
are all economists, there is quite a party who
insist upon it that it is economical to pay
$90,000 in addition ; but that proposition is
not so strange as the logic by which it is
defended. That logic—no, it is not logic, it is
prophesy upo"n which it is defended 
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is the same thing.
Mr. HOWE. The same thing, says my
friend from Vermont. It i3, in some of its
facts and methods, very much the same thing;
but after all it is intrinsically a little different.
The prophecy is that no matter what your
contract is nor whom you contract with, you
will pay so much. That is a convenient way
of voting fat jobs into the hands of your
friends. That is not what we are employing
these prophecies for here; but if you ever want
to vote a good fat job into the hands of any
of your friends, it is only necessary to make
the Senate believe these two things: first, that
that is just as cheap as it could be done; and
second, that if anybody else offers to do it for
less than that and you agree with him to do it
for less than that, you will pay him the same
identical sum in spite of his contract. These
two propositions will insure a job whenever
we want it. So I advise my friend from
Maine—I do not know whether it is original
with him Or not—but if he is the discoverer,
would it not be worth his while to patent it?
Others may infringe if he does not, for it is
capital, and may be wanted by others besides
himself.
Mr. President, the Government of the Uni-
ted States to-day here in this capital is main-
taining two four-story printing offices. I speak
of them as four-story by way of expressing
the magnitude of the establishments. Oheof
them yo ■ employ to print the' Congressional
Globe, and the other you employ to'print every-
thing else. The second one, you say, shaH
print at cost. The first one, you hare said,
heretofore, and some of us stand here to-day
and say, shall print at just What it pleases' to
ask; you will allow no competition. My frieiid
from Maine shakes his head; hut that is whftt
he says, that there shall be no competition
with it, that whatever it offers to do the work
for, it shall have, and he proves that it is best
to give it to that establishment, because if'we
agree with anybody else to do it for any less
sum, after all and in spite of all, we shall pay
just what these gentlemen offer to do it for.
My friend from Rhode Island has told you,
and if he needed any corroboration I stand
ready to corroborate him, that the gentlemen
who offer to do this work at the reduced priee
have been fairly, very expressly, and with a
great deal of emphasis, notified that they have
got to do the work under that contract or not
to do it at all; and they have taken,' like busi-
ness men, I am weil assured, business-like
precaution to satisfy cot only themselves but
their backers that it can be done for that; and
here is the most satisfactory evidence in the
world. There are just two items in the bid of
Murtagh which are lower than the estimate of
the Government Printer ; every other item is
higher. What are these two items? One ia the
reporting.' You know we always pay more
than the Globe pays to our reporters, and we
shall do it hereafter. We do not expect that
they will pay them more than the Globe pays
them. We know the same reporters, as long
as they do the work as well as they have done,
are going to be employed. The other item is
type-setting.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator's time has expired.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I propose, on behalf of
the Committee on Appropriations, to get the
sense of the Senate on the proposition to lay
this amendment on the table. I therefore
move that the amendment of the Senatorfrom
Rhode Island [Mr. Anthony] be laid en the
table.
Mr. CAMERON. I wish the Senator from
Rhode Island would withdraw his motion for
a moment.
Mr. SPRAGUE. If the Senator will re-
new it.
Mr. CAMERON. I will renew it.
Mr. President, I should not have given way
to the Senator from Wisconsin, but that I
understood he was going to sustain the argu-
ment, I was trying to make. [Laughter.]
Knowing his greater ability to talk, beyond
myself, I gave way; but he has misconstrued
me, or misconceived my argument entirely.
I have no special objection to Mr. Murtagh
getting this contract, and I do not believe he
is going to lose any money by it if he gets it;
nay, I am sure he will make a larger profit
than he can by any other contract he will get,
if we give him the work at his proposition;
and more than that, 1 am to a very great ex-
tent a party man, and I would give my friends
■work at the same price in preference to a man
of another party. I would give my friends a
little advantage over my enemies in all con-
tracts I had to make individually, and I never
differ much in my course here from what I
would do in my private business. But what
I desire is that the Senate shall have the con-
trol of the reporting; that we shall employ
and pay the reporters; that the reporters shall
be our officers. I think the argument is over-
whelming that they should be under the con-
trol of the Senate, and then they will report
only that which it is the interest of the Senate
to have printed. One of the great reasons
