984
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 30,
or Mr.—I will take the real names and start
with Mr. Hallett or Mr. Durant—said to me
is not privileged under the relations between
attorney and client? Who is to determine
that? Can any other than the counsel him-
self determine it? Must he not know? Can
he possibly take the opinion of this learned
body, candid and fair as it might be in all
respects, without violating the very law which
he has sworn to observe? Is it not for that
reason therefore that to found any inquiry
justly would be it seems to me, with all due
respect, to make a specific case to reach which
I should make direct answer and response with
all the facts and propositions and consequences
of the facts distinctly stated before me. But
to subject me to a torturing inquiry to see
whether I am right in my understanding of my
private relations with my client is a thing which
it seems to me is too cleaYly prohibited by every
understanding of enlightened jurisprudence to
allow it to pass for one moment without con-
demnation.
It ia not for me alone, it is not for this time
alone, but it is for this and all time. I refuse
to answer the question because I have regard
for what is right and wrong, just and unjust,
what is due to the Government as such and our
people as such. I hold in my hand a book
which I was taught to regard as law, and it
does seem to me, if the House will pardon the
criticism, there might have been quoted yes
terday with much better advantage than that
which was quoted, section two hundred and
forty-five of this same work. For the pur-
pose of inquiry this Congress cannot confer, in
my humble judgment, upon any committee any
power or authority to disregard the well estab-
lished laws of the land. It. seeras to mo the
great law making power, finding it necessary
to augment remedies, would extend them to
cases which are ascertained to exist, and not
attempt to regulate them by any ex pout facto
operaiiim, by creating penalties for past of-
fenses real or assumed. Whatever therefore
would be a proper question to be asked in a
court of justice is a proper question to be
asked here, and whatever question would be
ruled out in a court of justice is a question
which ought not to be asked by your commit-
tee And with all due deference I do think
myself your committee ought not to have asked
some of the questions as they did ask me. I
know there are men of eminent legal talent on
that committee, gentlemen of recognized legal
ability to whom under any circumstances 1
believe I would be willing to coulide any cause
of mine and depend on their ability, their
judgment, and their integrity as juiists to pro-
tect me in my rights. I regret the question
should have been asked me, but asked it was,
and therefore I am compelled in lace of the res-
olution to which 1 have responded here to day
as to the allegation of contempt to see whether
it was really contempt,; bearing in mind "that.,
up to the fullest extent, of the inquiry, so far
as it did not conflict with the confidential rela-
tion of counsel, I disclosed; fully bearing in
mind that where that relation commences,
where information comes to me under that
relation, 1 stand committed under an oath
taken before I was sworn in that committee,
and would perjure myself basely and cowardly
were 1 to shriuk from the observance of that
obligation.
I beg to say that I have not up to this time
been arraigned by those whom I have served.
And I repeat that those for whom I dealt in
regard to this three or four hundred thousand
dollars have not yet made complaint. My
clients are not complaining. My cestui que
trusts are not complaining. Those who relied
upon my integrity and judgment are not com-
plaiuing. Those whose means I have received
and paid out are not complaining. And who
is it that is complaining here? That, I appre-
hend, is a question which it might be very
embarrassing to answer. I assume that there
is existing somewhere, at some point which
my limited apprehension cannot reach, a
proper party to make some complaint for some
purpose, and that therefore I am called to
respond under some rale. Under what rule
am I to respond ?
Section two hundred and thirty-seven,
Greenleaf ou Evidence, has some as good law
as section two hundred and forty-five ; and I
have great respect for these books, for I have
been taught to respect them and to walk by
them in the daily occupation of nay life. I am
not at liberty to seek to disregard that which
is imposed upon me having the authority of
law, and at the same time maintain a respect-
able standing before any court of justice.
Section two hundred and thirty-seven is as
follows:
"And in the first place, in regard to professional
communications, the reason of public policy which
excludes them applies solely, as we shall presently
show, to those between a client andhis legal adviser;
and the rule is clear and well settled, that the confi-
dential counselor, solicitor, or attorney of the party
cannot be compelled to disclose papers delivered
or communications made to him, or letters or entries
made by him in that capacity. 'This protection,'
said Lord Chancellor Brougham, 'is not qualified
by any reference to proceedings pending or m con-
templation, if, touching matters that come within
the ordinary scope of professional employment, they
receive a. communication in their professional
capacity' ■
" in their professional capacity"
"' either from a client, or on his account and for his
benefit, in the transaction of his business, or, which
amounts to the same tiling, if they commit to paper,
in the courso of their employment on his behalf,
matters which they know only through their profes-
sional relations to the client, they are not only justi-
fied in withholding such matters, but boundto with-
hold tliem"—
"but bound to withhold them"—■
" ' and will not becompelled to disclose the informa-
tion or producc the papers in any court of law or
equity, either as party or as witness.'"
The attorney, therefore, cannot go into
court and profit by them. II' they are the sole
evidence lie has to establish his rights, ho can-
not use them. Why? For the reason so well
stated here that I will not mar it by any lan-
guage of my own, buticad from this authority,
lie adds :
"Tho foundation of this rule is not on account of
any pai t ioul.iv importance, which tho law attributes
to tho business of leg.il professors, or any particular
disposition to atford tliem protection. Jtiif, it is out
at icg,ud to the interests of justice, which cannot
be upholden. ;uvl to the administration of justice,
which ciuinor, go on without the aid of men skilled
in jurisprudence, m the practice ot tho courts, and
in those matters uffcoting rights and obligations
which torui the subject oi all judicial proceedings."
Ifsiieh commutiications were not protected,
no man, as the same learned judge remarked
in another ease, would dare to consult a pro-
fessional adviser, with a view to his defense,
or to the enforcement of his rights ; and no
man could safely come into a court, either
to obtain redress or to defend himself.
What client, whohasor may have a cause to
assert or a right to defend, would commit his
ease to an attorney, or to any member of the
legal profession, if it should transpire that he
to whom he conlides his information, and his
facts, with the view of getting him to assert or
defend his rights, is by that means creating an
engine for his destruction ? If so, then do
away with your courts for the administration
of justice, and let other remedies be substi-
tuted than those which the framers of our
Government and the foundeis of our laws sup
posed were ample and sufficient.
I ask now, wi'h all due respect, to whom is
it that this exemption shall apply ? And an an-
swer to thatquestiou will enable me to respond
more specifically to one of the positions erro-
neously assumed in the arraigning of mo be-
fore the House. That same learned authority
says:
" In regard to the persons to whom tho communi-
cation must h-ive been made in order to be thus
protected, they must have been made to the coun-
sel, attorney, orsolieitor acting for the time being in
the character of legal adviacr. For tho reason of
the rule, having respect solely to the free and un-
embarrassed administration ot justice and to the
security in the enjoyment of civil rights, docs not
extend to things confidentially communicated to
other persons, nor even to those which come to the
knowledge of counsel when not standing in that re-
lation to the party then."
" Whether he be called as a witness, or made a
defendant, and a discovery sought from him as such
by a bill in chancery, whatever he has learned as
counsel, solicitor, or attorney, he is not obliged or
permitted to disclose."
Hence, if I find it necessary to bring a bill
in chancery against any man who has con-
fided to me as his counsel, and I am thereby
in possession of papers and documents which
tend to establish the demand, and in the
absence of which it could not be established,
the law prohibits me from using them ; and I
must go out of court without relief, because I
cannot avail myself of the advantage of using
matters confided to me in a fiduciary capacity,
or as a lawyer or counsel. This same author-
ity says:
"And this protection extends also to all the neces-
sary organs of communication between the attorney
and his client; an interpreter and an agent beiDg
considered as standing in precisely the same situation
as the attorney himself, and under the same obliga-
tion of secrecy. It extends also to a case submitted
to counsel in a foreign country, and his opinion
thereon. It was formerly thought that an attor-
ney's or a barrister's clerk was not within the reason
and exigency of the rule ; but it is now considered
otherwise, from the necessity they are under to em-
ploy clerks, being unable to transact all their busi-
ness in person; and, accordingly, clerks are not com-
pellable to disclose facts, coming to their knowledge
in the course of their employment, in that capacity,
to which the attorney or barrister himself could not
be interrogated. And as the privilege is not per-
sonal to the attorney, but is a rule of law, for the
protection of the client, the executor of the attorney
seems to be within the rule, in regard to papers
coming to his hands, as the personal representative
of the attorney."
I now turn to my testimony even as given
here, imperfect as it is, and I say that when a
question was asked of me to disclose matters
which reached me from my character as coun-
sellor at law, I felt compelled to decline to
make the exposure, and I could scarcely im-
agine that such a question would be seriously
and earnestly pressed upon me.
Mr. COB URN. I rise to a point of order.
I insist that the person at the bar should be
confined to a statement of facts in answer t,o
the question propounded to him by the Speaker
in pursuance of the resolution of the House,
and should not be allowed to make a law argu-
ment which would, perhaps, have been a good
argument on one side before the adoption of
this resolution. He is making a law argument
here which goes to the propriety of the action
of the House in the first instance, and which
is not a proper answer to the interrogatory of
the Speaker.
The SPEzVKER. The Cbair overrules the
point of order. The gentleman at the bar is
making an argument designed to purge him-
self from his alieged contempt of the House.
Mr. 8LQCUM. 1 would inquire' how long
this thing is to continue. Is there no limit
to it ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the
witness at the bar of the House, like all others
permitted to speak in the House, as contest-
ants in election cases, and others, is subject
to the hour rule.
Mr. SLOCUM. Is a man arraigned at tho
bar of the House for contempt at, liberty to
proceed beyond what a member of the com-
mittee ordered by the House can do?
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman make
any point of order?
Mr. SLOCUM. I do not; I only want to
know how long this thing is to continue.
The SPEAKER. The witness at the bar
is entitled to an hour, unless some point of
order is made which will compel the Chair to
abbreviate his time. Has the gentleman any
point of order to make?
Mr. SLOCUM. I have not.
Mr. STEWART. Being permitted to pro-
ceed, notwithstanding this impatience, I must
ask the pardon of the House for having ex-
hibited that degree of interest which the im-
portance of the case demands. It is only since
jesterday that I have thought upon this sub-
ject ; I have been in the habit of paying atten-
