1944
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28,
why our printing is extended so much, why we
have so many voluminous volumes printed, and
then bound, is that things are repeated and re-
repeated ; but if a man was employed here by
us to take care of our interests, a very large
proportion of that which is put in type half a
dozen times over, or oftener, would appear
but. once, and thus money would be saved.
Again, as I have said two or three times,
the repeal of the franking privilege is going to
make a new era in our printing. I trust the
mere bagatelle which is saved by putting our
names on our letters and documents is noth-
ing;, but the great argument in the mind of
everybody who has urged that measure has
been that without the franking privilege you
will have no necessity for so much printing.
Therefore I would have time taken, and I con-
ceive that we shall lose nothing by having a
little time in this matter; and I repeat again,
if there is a mere competition in price between
the old printers and Mr. Murtagh and other
people, I will give it to the man who offers to
do it at the least price, so far as my vote is
concerned; but I do not believe this is the
time to do that. I think we are not prepared
to act wisely and judiciously on that question
at this time.
I did hope that my friend from Wisconsin
would have said what I have said, and in much
nottfii* nnrooa
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the reception of the amendment.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I move that the proposi-
tion of the Senator from Rhode Island [Mr.
Anthony] lie on the table.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. That is not
in order. The proposition is before the Sen-
ate, and the question is on receiving the amend-
ment. It has not been received, and therefore
cannot be laid on the table. The question is
on the reception of the amendment of the
Senator from Rhode Island.
Mr. CASSERLY. I have just gone to the
desk and inspected the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Rhode Island. It is wholly unlim-
ited as to time ; and if it should be adopted
I think quite an argument might be made,
especially by the contractor if he is a good
fellow, and genial and persuasive, that he was
entitled to a continual appropriation yearly
and for an indefinite period, if the amendment
in its present form should be adopted.
Mr. ANTHONY. I struck out the limit
because I had doubts about our competency
to receive the amendment extending for over
a year. I am quite willing that it should be
put for one year, although if the Senate think
the amendment is in order for six years, I
should prefer to have it according to the bid.
I did not offer it for more than one year, be-
cause I had doubts about its being in order.
Mr. CONKLING. If the Senator from
California will allow me, I would like to call
his attention to this statute, and I think it will
answer his objection. It provides that pro-
posals shall be putout forthe three Congresses
named, which would be six years, and that
the contract should be accordingly.
Mr. ANTHONY. No one pretends that
if the amendment is adopted Mr. Murtagh
is bound to accept it. He is not bound to
accept it.
Mr. CAMERON. But we are bound to
pay him if ho does accept. -
Mr. ANTHONY. We are bound to pay if
he does accept as long as he does perform the
work, and no longer. I intended to make it
for one year ; I drew it bunglingly I am aware.
I will accept any amendment that my colleague
on the committee [Mr. Casserly] will sug-
gest.
Mr. CASSERLY. The Senator from New
York has handed me the statute under which
our proposals for bids 'were advertised. I
had already examined it a good deal. I do
not agree with the Senator from New York in
his construction of it in one respect, which I
will state. The statute provides for bids for
either the Forty-Third Congress alone, or for
the Forty-Third, Forty-Fourth, and Forty-
Fifth Congresses - together; and one of the
difficulties about Mr. Murtagh's bid is that it
is illegal; that being only for the three Con-
gresses, it did not follow the statute nor the
blauk forms of proposals printed and issued
to him to be filled up and returned to the
committee. That is one of the troubles in
regard to his bid under the statute. If that
statute of April 2, 1872, is to be relied upon,
then the proposals of Mr. Murtagh are not in
accordance with the statute, and strictly ought
to have been rejected by the committee. The
result of that is that the subject, so far as the
amendment of the Senator from Rhode Island
is concerned, is entirely at large as between
the United States and any bidder, Mr. Mur-
tagh or any other person. Consequently, the
Senator from New York, I respectfully sug-
gest to him, is mistaken in supposing that this
amendment, so far as it relates to a contract
with Mr. Murtagh, is in any degree governed
by the statute, because Mr. Murtagh's pro-
posals are not under the statute.
Mr. CONKLING. If my friend will par-
don me, my suggestion has nothing to do with
Mr. Murtagh's proposal. It is that this
amendment of the Senator from Rhode Island
is based upon that statute, and to be read, if it
shall become a law, in pari materia with that
statute. Now, if Mr. Murtagh does not bid
within the statute, then he 13 to bid without it,
and that is a question of fact and law when
that arises; but this amendment, I submit to
the Senator, is definite beyond all question as
to its extending for six years and not to
exceed six years.
Mr. CASSERLY. This amendment of the
Senator from Rhode Island ?
Mr. CONKLING. Certainly.
Mr. CASSERLY. On the contrary, there
is not a word in the amendment of the Sena-
tor from Rhode Island as to the time for which
the contract is to be made.
Mr. CONKLING. Does not the amend-
ment refer to that statute, and, if it does, are
they not to be read in pari materia1 Would
not the language of the Jaw as well as the lan-
guage of the contract define the time it would
run ?
Mr. CASSERLY. That is a pretty long
question; I will answer it in a few words.
I have looked at this amendment and I find
no reference to the act of Congress in it; so
that there is nothing to limit the operation of
this amendment, if adopted, to any particular
period of time ; and I understand the Senator
from Rhode Island agrees with me on this
and is ready to limit his amendment to one
year.
Mr. President, this subject has been a good
deal discussed in the Committee on Public
Printing, "perhaps not as much as it should be ;
but it is one that has many details, some of
them technical in their character, which are
quite difficult to explain fully in debate. My
view is, differing of course from that of the
Senator from New York, that this amendment
refers to no statute of the United States ; that
Mr. Murtagh's proposals are not under any
statute of the United States, and consequently
our authority to contract is an authority which
is at large, and refers to any person just as
much as to Mr. Murtagh.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator's time has expired.
Mr. COLE. I do not like to be reminding
Senators of the necessity of economizing time
upon this bill; but really at the rate of progress
we cannot get through with it in two months ;
and we have but a tew hours to dispose of it.
Let us vote.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is, shall the amendment of the Senator
from Rhode Island be received as in order
under the rule.
Mr. HOWE called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered.
Mr. ANTHONY". I would like to meet the
objection of my colleague on the committee
[Mr. Casserly] by having the time restricted
to one year, if that will bring it any more
clearly within the rule.
Mr. NYE. Does the Senator from Rhode
Island do that to bring it within the rule ?
Mr. ANTHONY. Yes, sir.
Mr. HOWE. It is now a contract for one
year, I understand.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. A contract
of only a year, the Chair understands.
Mr. YICKERS. On the main question I
am paired with the Senator from Indiana, [Mr.
Morton,] I do not know how he would vote on
this question of order; but in order not to
make a mistake, I shall not vote.
Mr. LEWIS. I would state that on this
question I am paired with my colleague, [Mr.
Johnston.] He was called away by sickness
in his family.
The question beiDg taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 25, nays 28 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Boreman, Cald-
well, Chandler, Clayton, Conkhng, Corbett, Ed-
munds, Ferry of Michigan, Hamilton of Texas, Har-
lan, Logan, Morrill of Maine, Nye, Pomeroy,
Ramsey, Sawyer, Scott, Sherman, Spencer, Stewart,
Wilson, Windom, and Wright—25.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Biair, Cameron, Casserly,
Cole, Cooper, Cragin,-Davis, Fen ton, Flanagan,
Gddthwaite, Hamilton of Maryland, Hamlin, Hill,
Maehen, Morrill of Vermont, Norwood, Osborn,
Pool, Pratt, Ransom, Rice, Saulsbury, Sehurz,
Sprague, Stevenson, Tipton, and Trumbull—28.
ABSENT—Messrs. Alcorn, Brownlow, Bucking-
ham, Carpenter, Ferry of Connecticut, Frelinghuy-
sen, Gilbert, Hitchcock, Howe, Johnston, Kelly,
Lewis, Morton, Patterson, Robertson, Stockton,
Sumner, Thurman, Vickers, and West—20.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment is not received.
Mr. ANTHONY. I Wish to offer another
amendment to come in at the same place, but
if it is going to lead to any debate I will not
press it, for I am as much aware as the Sena-
tor from California can be of the value of
time. We have repealed the franking privi-
lege. There are permanent laws that require
the publication of a considerable number of
public documents, and this amendment is to
cut down those documents one-half, those for
the members of the House and Senate and
the Senators absolutely, those for the heads of
Departments conditionally ; but if the heads
of Departments, upon request of the Public
Printer, shall require a larger number up to
the number now allowed by law, the Public
Printer is authorized to supply them and to
charge the amount to the appropriation made
for the printing of that Department. The Sec-
retary will read the amendment.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment as
follows:
And instead of the additional number of copies of
the annual reports of the Executive Departments and
of the accompanying documents, now directed by the
act of June 25,1864, entitled "An act to expedite and
regulate the printing of public documents," to be
printed for the use of Congress, of the heads of thoi>e
Departments, and of their subordinate officers, there
shad be printed, unless otherwise ordered by Con-
sress, one half of each number of copies now directed
by law to be printed: Provided, That any head of
Department may order to be printed by the Congres-
sional Printer a greater number of his own report,
or the report of any subordinate officer of his Depart-
ment, not to exceed the number now directed by
law to be printed, the cost of such printing to be
charged to the account of the said department for
public printing: And provided further. That so
much of the act aforesaid of June 25,1864, entitled
'to expedite and regulate the printing of public
documents," as authorizes the editing and printing
of an annual abridgement of the documents accom-
panying the President's message be, and the same is
hereby, repealed.
Mr. ANTHONY. I should have mentioned
that this proviso also directs the abolition of
the abridgment of the President's message
and accompanying documents. If that could
be printed as was originally intended, it would
be altogether the most valuable of our docu-
ments; but it is impossible to get in all the
reports of the Executive Departments so as to
