1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
985
tion to and studying the laws to which I wish
ever to pay obedience. And I beg to say that
I trust I am not standing arraigned here to-
day beyond the letter of the law. And I trust
that a law argument, such as I am trying to
make here, according to my humble capacity,
is as proper here as it would be elsewhere,
when it is considered that I am asked to an-
swer certain questions, and threatened with
incarceration for disobedience to the law.
Now, is there any other law for my being
here than that, which I have, intimated? Can
a simple resolution, passed by thi3 House,
deprive me or any other American citizen of
his liberty? That proposition, if argued here to-
day, I am sure would be very startling to others,
as it is to me on this occasion. I shall there-
fore hasten to a conclusion, for it seems to
me that the bare statement of the facts should
have saved me from the labor that I am, per-
haps, vainly and unnecessarily performing.
It is alleged that this contempt consists in
the fact that in refusing to make these dis-
closures the witness is trying to evade the rule
by stating that he has sometimes acted in one
capacity and sometimes in another. Now,
that statement is not correct; that statement
does not describe what I said, however worded
it may be, before the committee, nor does it
describe the ground upon which I stand here.
I say that under every circumstance, from first
to last, commencing about the year 1861-62,
and winding up in 1864—65, every particle of
knowledge which I could impart within the
scope of the questions pressed upon me, be
came known to me, and only became known to
me through my relation as counsel, and not
otherwise. I regret that the distinguished
gentleman who argued the question before the
House should have so misapprehended me;
and I trust that he will allow what I now state
to so far meet that portion of his argument as
to show that it has no just or proper foundation.
Now, that being the case, where ana I? Am
I here in contempt? Can I be in contempt?
Can this House exactof me a disclosure which
a court could not do? Is it stated here at all
can it be shown here, and beyond my state
ment is there any other testimony here to
make out any case and to show that my rela-
tion was other than just what I have stated,
that of counsel? Very well; if not, I then
submit to this high legislative body, charged
with the duty of making laws and creating
tribunals to enforce them—because, as I con-
tend, the law when it goes forth from your
hands goes forth to be enforced by the agents
you have created, under the third article of
the Constitution in relation to the judiciary of
the United States, and before those tribunals
alone.
Can it be that a resolution, however worded,
or however spread upon your journals, can go
beyond that which appertains to your priv-
ileges and duties in your legislative capacity,
and can pursue me into my private domicile
and inquire what are the relations between me
and my clients? There is uo limit known to
your power if this position is to be assumed
for one moment; a position which I beg to
controvert and will controvert while my eyes
and senses have any appreciation of the
plain English written in the organic law of
this land, the Constitution of the United
States. Something must be taken out ot that
instrument, and much put into it, before there
can be a shadow of authority for any such
exercise of extraordinary inquisitorial power,
a power which when exercised operates wholly
upon one side, with force and violence, with'
out any remedial power.iu the world ; a power
which spreads injury broadcast, without the
least prospect or possibility of applying any
sufficient remedy.
1 contend, therefore, that the case at the
bar, to which I am asked to yield or feel
myself in contempt, is met by two siifficent
propositions. I affirm upon ray oath and
every asseveration I make here is made under a
solemnity and sense of duty imposed by an
oath—that I am not in contempt of the author
ity of this House. I assert furthermore that
I have not refused to answer any question
which did_ not propose that I should violate
duties strictly and absolutely imposed upon
me by law, duties which, so far as I am aware,
no authority can require me to violate or dis-
regard.
The next question which I beg to submit is
one that I shall content myself by stating,
rather than attempting to argue it, although
it is very inviting, a constitutional question;
for from the time I acquired from my pre-
ceptor my first knowledge of constitutional law,
I have been taught to regard and cherish, as I
trust I ever shall do, the instrument which I
hold in my hand, and which I shall revere
until it undergoes mutilations far greater than
it has—I mean the Constitution of the United
States. Under it I have, as one of the Ameri-
can people, rights reserved to me, and I pro
test against their violation here ; for I contend
that whenever you undertake to follow me
beyond the precincts of your special and dele-
gated power, you are but assuming a force
which you have no right to exercise. I use
strong language to express my idea ; for while
I entertain alt due respect to this House, I
think too seriously on the subject I am now
discussing to pass it by with any slight phiase-
ology, or to evade exactly what I mean to say.
Congress in its eighteen specific or delegated
powers, commencing with the power of taxa-
tion and winding up with a sweeping clause
giving authority to pass all needful laws for
carrying into effect these specifically delegated
powers, has nowhere acquired the right to ex-
ercise any judicial functions whatever, to de-
termine questions of right between clients or
parties or citizens in any shape or form.
Only when you come to protect ihe privileges
of this highly honorable body (for which I
have the utmost possible regard) in the dis
charge of its onerous and responsible duties
i? there any such power, and the moment you
go beyond that line you cross the ultima Ihule,
you overstep your delegated power, and are
exercising the very power which the Declara-
tion of Independence charged as usurpation
upon George III. For there are under a
monarchial government, when rightfully ad-
ministered, rule3 to which even the crowned
head must defer; rules which we may well
follow in our public affairs without doing the
slightest violence to any of its principles or
objects. Lord Brougham, as chancellor of
England, laid down a rule upon this subject
which has been uniformly regarded, which
never has been departed from for a solitary
moment.
But I hasten to a conclusion, for I do not
wish to weary the patience of any honorable
gentleman on this floor, or to go beyond what
his judgment may deem appropriate. I beg
to ask, can you appoint a committee, or could
you have so undertaken to appoint a commit-
tee, to determine what Joseph B. Stewart, as
attorney at law, received or did, or how he ap-
propriated certain moneys? What foundation
of jurisdiction, of right, or of authority could
this Congress address itself to? What rem-
edy would it propose to apply? What rule
will it wish to enforce? What relief would it
attempt to afford ? Now, after a lapse of
nearly ten years, when these matters have
passed away, what relief now does it propose
to grant? I beg to say I am aware of none.
I would merely suggest this proposition as
it is one I received from those learned in tne
law, whose daily avocations make them famil-
iar with the practice aud decision under stat-
utory and constitutional provisions. My daily
practice requires me to pay obedience to the
rules of evidence: to pay attention to what
can and what cannot be testified to; to what I
can and what 1 cannot testify to ; to what can
be testified to and what cannot be testified to
by others; and therefore it is to be presumed
I should now know what I should and what
I should not testify to myself. It seems to
me when you have once undertaken to insist
upon that which is declared here—I say, hav-
ing been for thirty years exercising the priv-
ileges of an attorney, endeavoring to study the
Constitution and the laws of the United States
as well as I could, I stand here as utterly
dumfounded, as utterly ignorant of any pos-
sible power which could be exercised by this
House, like that which has been asserted here
in discussing this question. I apprehend it
would be amazing to any one who should be
dropped down from the moon to see what is
transpiring in this Hall. Resting in this posi-
tion before this honorable body ; resting upon
this position and being willing to abide the
judgment of men; resting on this position
with the duty I am endeavoring to discharge,
not only for myself, but for all similarly situ-
ated ; regarding as sacred as I do the obliga-
tions of attorney; respecting as I do to the
uttermost all their rights; respecting as I do
the courts of my country; respecting as I do
the power which confers jurisdiction, which
provides the means for dispensing justice in the
courts of the land, I am at a loss to see where
I have in any respect whatever transgressed
or omitted to do that which, as an attorney,
in regard to my relations to my clients, I was
compelled to do. On the contrary, I am so
convinced, and feel so clearly in reference to
all the rights involved, that I believe the reso-
lution by which I am held and brought here
at this bar to answer to-day is an infraction
upon my rights as a citizen of the United
States under the provisions of the Constitu-
tion which I have cited, as well as an infrac-
tion of my rights under the law of the country
as it has been uniformly administered. So
thoroughly am I convinced of all this, that I
wonder at my voice as I hear it to-day, and I
wonder at the faces I see around me; and
I ask myself constantly, why am I here? What
extraordinary danger do we anticipate? What
new departure have we at this time to carry
out?
I have said all I wish to say; or rather I
have said all I will say now. I have thought
much and deeply on this subject, and shall
take occasion to say elsewhere a good deal.
This I say, and say with all due respect, I
purge myself by my asseveration of all possi-
ble contempt of the rightful power and author-
ity belonging to this House. Protesting as I
do against any attempt to coercc me to do any
act, against my rights and against my con-
science, compelling me to do that which the
law positively prohibits me from doing, I sub-
mit myself to this honorable body, with all
respect for it in the discharge of its duty, for
such action as it may be willing to take uuder
ail the circumstances. But this reflection is in
my mind, aud cannot escape me, that if there
be one thing more to be deplored than another
in the history of this great "Republic, it will be
when the great law-making power shall have
so disregarded the rights of the people as to
have taught them in return to disregard its
rightful powers and duties.
J can only say, in closing, may God perpet-
uate, preserve, and protect the Constitution
of these United States, and cause it to be
properly respected by all who live under it.
Mr. DAWES. After the speech made in
response to the order of the Home that the
person in custody should show cause why he
should not answer questions propounded to
him by a committee of the House, it seems to
me that without other complications the House
should pass its judgment upon the reasons
which have been assigned in that speech. I
doubt not that the House is ready to pass that
judgment without debate. I therefore offer
the following resolution, and call the previous
question on it:
Resolved, That Joseph B. Stewart, having been
heard by the House pursuant to the order heretofore
made lequiiing iiina to show cause why he should
