980
.MB. iG'Olf &K1SSI0NAB«GLOBE.
January 30,
nctt answer the questions iwopounded to him by the
committee, has failed to show sufficient cause why
hesho-uld not answer the same, arid that saia'Joseph
R, Stewart be considered' in contempt of the House
for failure to make,answer thereto, • ,
The previous question- was seconded 1 a<rid
tbe main'question ordered ;; and-under the
operation ,thereof, the • Resolution offered. by
Mn-Dawes was agreed to. ■ ■ .
•' Mr. .DAWESi moved to reconsider the vote
by: which the-resolution-was adopted; and also
moved- that the motion to Teeonsider be laid
on the table. . : • <
- The-latter motion was. agreed, to. ,
Mn'WILSON-,' of Indiana! I offer the
following resolution, arid'move thte previous
question: " • >
1 Scsdlvhd, 1hatin:plarginkhVmfeelfofthe contempt
forwhich Joseph B. Stewart lS'now in custody, the
sa.i4.Stewart shall be required,to, state to.the House
forthwith, or so soon as the, House be ready^o
Vicar him, whether he is now willing to appear be-
forethe committee of ihis House to whom he has
hitherto declined to make answer, and make answer
to the questions for the r.efusal to.answer, which he
hiss been ordered into custody; tod if he answers
iife is ready to appear before the said committee ami
make answer, then the witness shall have the priv-
ilege to so appear anil answer forthwith, or, so soon as
said committee can be convened, and that in the mean
time the witness remain in custody; and In the event
that said witness shall answer that he is not ready
to so. appear betore said committee anil make an-
swer to the said questions so refused to be answered,
then that said witness be' recommitted -to> Said cus-
tody for the continuanco,of, such contempt, and that
such custody shall continue until the said witness
shall' communicate to this House, through said com-
mittee, tliat he is ready to appear before the 'said
committee and tna.kc such answer.
Mr; POTTER. I would suggest to the gen-
tleman from Indiana that he should add to his
resolution the' words "or until the further
order of the House in the premises."
. Mr. WILSON, of Indiana. I have no ob-
jection to adding those words.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. 1 desire to ask the
Chair whether a commitment of this kind will
have force longer that! the end of this session
of Congress? •
The SPEAKER. ' Not a commitment by
this Congress.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I would sug-
gest that the report, sh'ould be made to the
Speaker of the House rather than to the com-
mittee. This is a matter now with which the
House is dealing.
Mr. WILSON, of Indiana. I have no objec-
tion to that.
The SPEAKER. Those modifications in
the resolution will be made.
Mri II'OAR. I ask that, the resolution be
again reported.
The resolution was again read.
Mr. HOAR. The resolution providing that
the custody shall continue until the witness
communicates his readiness to answer, that
communication made to the Speaker would
terminate the order for his being kept in cus-
tody ; and yet, after such a communication, he
might not answer tbe quest,ionsi It seems to
me that the order that he be kept in custody
should continue until the further order of the
House.
Mr. WILSON, of Indiana. That was the
design in framing the resolution, and if it
does not express what the gentleman from
Massachusetts desires, I should like to have
it so changed that it will do so.
Mr. SHANKS. I desire to make a parlia-
mentary inquiry. This Congress exists until
the 4th of March. "Will there be any power,
under that resolution, to detain this individual
in custody after the 4th of March at twelve
o'clock.
The SPEAKER. There will not.
Mr. HOAR. Will it be in order for me to
move an amendment to the resolution?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from
Indiana has demanded the previous question.
But the Chair will hear the gentleman from
Massachusetts as to the modification he
desires to make.
Mr, COQHLAN. I would suggest to the
gentleman from Indiana that the specific
question which Mrl Stewart is required to
answer be put into the,resolution.
Mr. WILSON, of Indiana. The report shows
that. . , ■
' Mr. COGHLAN., I suggest to the -gentle-
man, that if the. questions were inserted in the
resolution it would be more explicit.- ,;
The SPEAKER., The resolution as modi
ified will now be read. • :
The'Clerk read.as follows :• •••,•■>
Resolved, That in purging himself of thc-oohtompt
for which, Joseph B,. tjtewart is now in .custody,, the
said Stewart shall'be required to state forthwith, or
as soon as the House shaill be ready to hear him-,
whether he is now willins to Appear before the com-,
mitteo of, this House to whom he ,;ha& hitherto de-
clined ,to make answers, and make answers to the
questions for the refusal to answer which he'-has
been,ordered into-custody, and,-if be answers that he
is ready to,appear .before the said committee,and
make answer, then the witness shall have the priv-
ilege to so' appear and answer forthwith, or so sgon
as the said-committee can be convened; and that in
the mean time the witness remain in custody; arid in
the event that said witness shall answer that he is
not1 ready to so' appear before said' committee, and
make answer to, tire .said questions so refused to be
answered,.then that said witness bo remanded to the
said custody, for the continuance of such,contempt,
and that such custody shall continue' until the said
witness.-shall communicate to this House, through
the Speaker, that he,is ready to appear before the
said committee and make such answers, or until the
further order of the1 House in the prtethises.
Mr. flOAR. I understood that the words
"shall continue until the said witness shall com-
municate to this House through the Speaker
that he is ready to appear before tbe said com-
mittee and make answer," were to be stricken
out, and' that the resolution was to end,with the
words " until further order of the House in
the premises." , Otherwise the mere saying by
this witness, "lam now ready to answer,"
without his doing it, would ipso facto terminate
the matter. As I understand it, this is not
an order punishing the witness for contempt.
The witness has been held to show cause upon
the charge made against him by the commit-
tee, and this is merely an order that he be held
in custody to abide the further order of the
House, with the special provision that if in
the mean time he answers certain questions he
mfty be discharged from custody.
The SPEAKER. The resolution was read
as modilied by the gentleman from Indiana,
[Mr. Wilson,] Does ho desire a further
modification?
Mr. WILSON, of Indiana. I do not, and I
now move the previous question.
Mr. SARGENT. I hope the gentleman
will allow me to oiler a substitute for his
resolution.
Mr. KERR. And I desire to make a sug-
gestion to my colleague.
Mr. MAYNAllD. This is rather a serious
matter, and I hope the gentleman will not
press the previous question.
Mr. WILSON, of Indiana. I withdraw the
previQus question to allow the substitute of
the gentleman from California [Mr. Saiigent]
to be read.
The Clerk read Mr. Sargent's substitute, as
follows:
Hemtlved, That Joseph B. Stewart be committed
to tho jail of the District of Columbia:, and thero be
kept in custody until the close of this Congress,
unless sooner discharged by the order of this House.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Indiana admit that amendment?
Mr. WILSON, of Indiana. I do not.
Mr. KERR. The suggestion 1 wish to make
to ray colleague is that after the words " be
held in custody he insert "in the jail of the
District of Columbia."
Mr. HOAR. He will then be out of the
custody of the Sergeant-a't-Arms.
Mr. KERR. But, he will be in custody.
Mr. WILSON, of Indiana. Icannotcoilsent
to that amendment.
Mri NIBLACK, of Indiana. I desire to
make a suggestion to my colleague in the1 in-
terest of his committee, and it is that the'pre-
cise phraseology of this resolution is wholly
immaterial for all practical purposes, for the
I reason that the whole matter is'under the con;
trol of the! House,, and the House will, be at
ill times disposed to hear: suggestions • from
the committee. It-, is therefore immaterial
whether the phraseology of the resolution
may contemplate the discharge of this witness
in a certain contingency, because we can order
his discharge at any time. ,
Mr. WILSON, of Indiana. " l yield now for
amoniront to the gentleman from Tennessee,
[Mr. Maynarq.] '; • ' ' 1 ! • '
- Mr. MAY-NARD.- Without iri the slightest
degree' expressing.dissent'to anything that has
been ikme thus far, I make the remark that
from- what we have heard''from thiswitness I
am satisfied that he has acted -in good faith;
he stands in a/different attitude from a' witness
who has intehtio-nally and knowingly commit-
ted a contempt of the House. ' :
1 :I submit, therefore, that when he says, if he
now does say, to'the Speaker, that he is ready
to go before the committee at their next meet-
ing and respond to these question's, we should
terminate any"-proceeding against him. Let
him go there and make the disclosure which
is asked of him. I am willing, upon' his state-
ment now, here, to the Speaker; in the presence
of this House, that'he will go before the com-
mittee and give' this testimony, to, vote to sus-
pend further proceedings against'him.
Mr. WILSON,'of Indiaria. The very resolu-
tion now under consideration makes provision
for the very thing which is asked by the gentle-
man from Tennessee, [Mr. MaynakI}.] It pro-
vides that if he is now willing to go before the
committee and testify, he shall thereby purge
himself from this contempt.
Mr. MAYNARD. I made those remarks
in response to an observation that fell from the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Hoar,]
who intimated that under this resolution he
might purge himself from -contempt by express-
ing his willingness to testify, and' afterward re-
fuse to go before the committee. If he should
do so he would be subject to rearrest.
Mr. HOAR. I desire to read for the inform-
ation of the House the resolution which I wish
to offer as' a substitute for that offered1 by the
gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Wilson.] It
is as follows:
llesolved. That Joseph B. Stewart be remanded to
the custody of the Sergeant-at-Arms to abide the
further order of the House; that while in such cus-
tody he be permitted to be taken before the com-
mittee of which Hon. Mr. Wilson, of Indiana, is
chairman, if-he see fit to answer such' questions- as
may be lawfully put to him. > , , •
Mr.- SARGENT. - This person was brought
before the Etouse. He,has staled plainly that,
so help him God, he never would answer those
questions; The House has held - him in con-
tempt for not answering those questions. The
resolution I desire to offer follows the prece-
dents and is correct in this: he being in con-
tempt and So adjudged by the' House to be
punished for contempt, how shall it be done?
By being kept at the Arlington, or in luxury
at some other hotel, in the nominal custody
of the Sergeant-at-Arms? ' No ; by confining
him in the place where a court would confine
him if guilty of a contempt of court. My reso-
lution supposes always that he can at any time
come forward and testify.
Mr. WILSON, of Indiana. I call for a vote.
The SPEAKER. The question is upon sec-
onding the call for the previous question.
Mr. KERR. If the previous question shall
not' be sustained, will my amendment then be
in order?
The SPEAKER. Any amendment will be
in order that is parliamentary. ' '
The question was taken on seconding the
previous question;' and upona division, (called
for by Mr. SArgekt, ) there' were—ayes 64,
noes' 70. ' '
Before the result of this vote was announced,
• Mr. HOAR-called for tellers On seconding
the ptevious-question.
Tellers were not ordered ; there being in the
affirmative fourteen, not one fifth of a quorum.
- So the previous question was not seconded.
