22
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 4,
run wild while he economizes on every four or
five dollar item.
Mr. RANDALL. No, sir.
Mr. BROOKS. The public printing costs
more than the proposed appropriation for the
construction of these ten sloops of war. When
we appropriate the money of the country let it
be for useful purposes, and not for the print-
ing of documents which nobody reads. I give
notice to the country now, in order to arrest
these things, that the moment I can obtain a
list of any public documents which are value-
less I intend to offer them at public sale, and
to deposit the proceeds in the contingent fund
of the H ouse.
Mr. RANDALL. This is an answer to a
resolution of inquiry. It pertains to the re-
funding of customs to particular people who
have been importers 
Mr. BROOKS. I care not what it is.
Mr. RANDALL. You should know then
before you strike.
Mr. BROOKS. Send it to the Printing
Committee.
Mr. RANDALL. Let it be printed now
and we shall all know the facts. The gentle-
man is ignoraut 
Mr. BROOKS. I do not want it, and it
seems it is only to gratify the curiosity of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania.
Mr. RANDALL. I can stand curiosity in
many things perhaps better than the gentle-
man from New York.
Mr. BROOKS. Sir, this is no economy to
print document on document costing millions,
Congressional Globe on Congressional Globe,
"piling Pelion upon Ossa," without examina-
tion or inquiry, or trusting a responsible com-
mittee to look at the public documents before
they are ordered to be printed. My house is
full of documents I do not know what to do
with, which I have never read and do not in-
tend to read, but which I mean to sell at
public auction and put the proceeds in the
contingent fund of the House.
The SPEAKER. The question is on the
motion of the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Brooks,] to refer the printing to the
Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. RANDALL. I hope this document
will be printed, and I make the statement in
entire good faith. I will go as far, and have
gone a little further, I think, toward economy
in the administration of the Government than
the gentleman from New York. Here is in-
formation called for by resolution of the House
looking to what amount of drawbacks have
been allowed on the customs receipts of the
Government. I venture to say the printing
will not cost one hundred dollars. I am
astonished at the immense feeling the gentle-
man exhibits on this occasion in connection
with the printing of this small document. Let
him strike at the printing of the agricultural
report if he chooses, and the enormous print-
ing ordered of other documents, but do not let
him restrict the fullest information as to the
manner in which the officers of the Govern-
ment are administering it.
Mr. BROOKS. Let me remark here that I
do not object to the printing of this document.
AH I ask is that it may go first for examina-
tion to some responsible committee of the
House.
_ Mr. RANDALL. The gentleman has been
singularly unfortunate in raising his objection
to the printing of the particular information
contained in this document. 1 hope the House
will allow the document to be printed.
Mr. BROOKS. I do not know what is in
the document, and do not care.
The document was ordered to be printed,
*nd referred to the Committee of Ways and
Means.
treasurer's accounts.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a letter from the
Treasurer of the United States, transmit-
ting, in compliance with the act of Septem-
ber 2, 1789, his adjusted quarterly accounts of
the general receipts and expenditures of the
United States for the third and fourth quar-
ters of 1870, and the first and second quarters
of 1871, being for the fiscal year ending June
30, 1871; which was referred to the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means, and ordered to be
printed.
report of comptroller of currency.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House the tenth an-
nual report of the Comptroller of the Cur-
rency to the Congress ot the United States;
which was referred to the Committee on Bank-
ing and Currency, and ordered to be printed.
enrolled bills signed.
Mr. FOSTER, of Michigan, from the Com-
mittee on Enrolled Bills, reported that the
committee had examined and found truly
enrolled bills of the following titles; when
the Speaker signed the same:
An act (H. R. No. 902) making an appro-
priation for the repairs, furnishing, and orna-
mentation of the United States custom-house
aud post office at Bath, Maine ; and
An act (H. R. No. 2109) to authorize the
issuance of college scrip to the State of Ark-
ansas, and for other purposes.
fox and wisconsin rivers.
Mr. SAWYER, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be, and he
ia hereby, instructed to furnish to this House any
information he may have in regard to the Fox and
Wisconsin rivers improvement, in the State of Wis-
consin, not heretofore reported to Congress.
the fisheries.
Mr. BANKS. I desire to offer a motion in
regard to the bill (H. R. No. 488) to carry
into effect the provisions of the treaty be-
tween the United States and Great Britain,
signed in the city of Washington the 8th day
of May, 1871, relating to the fisheries. That
bill ia now a special order, and can be taken
up at any time when the business of the House
will allow it. But, inasmuch as the President,
in his message sent to Congress yesterday, has
given us information in regard to this subject
which ought to be considered by the Commit-
tee on Foreign Affairs, I ask that the consid-
eration of the bill be assigned for the second
Tuesday of January, if that does not conflict
with any special assignment already made. I
make that motion.
There was no objection, and the order was
made.
Mr. HOLMAN. I call for the regular
order.
Mr. COGHLAN. I renew my motion that
the House do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon
(at two o'clock p. m.) the House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, Ac., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees :
_ By Mr. HALE: The petition of J. A. Mar-
tin and others, mechanics and laborers em-
ployed upon certain granite work of the Gov-
ernment upon Dix Island, Maine, for compen-
sation where more than eight hours' labor
have been performed in a day.
By Mr. LAMPORT: The petition of Messrs.
Wood & Hall and others, of Geneva, New
York, for a reduction of the postage on pack-
ages, &c.
By Mr. MAYNARD: The memorial of the
book agents of the Methodist Episcopal Church
South, praying compensation for the taking
and use of their publishing house in Nashville,
Tennessee, and of their machinery, presses,
types, paper, ink, books, stereotype establish-
ment, job office, lathes, &c.
By Mr. STARKWEATHER: The memo-
rial of A. G. Batchelder and Mrs. Alsie M.
Thompson, for the extension of a patent.
By Mr. SWANN : The memorial of James
L. McPhail, Voltaire Randall, and Eaton G.
Thomas, citizens of Baltimore, Maryland,
praying the passage by Congress of an act for
their relief.
By Mr. WELLS: The memorial of John
Fred. Foller, asking a pension.
Also, the memorial of Mrs. J. B. Hunt, ask-
ing the passage of an act to pay the French
spoliation claims.
I IN SENATE.
Wednesday, December 4, 1872.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. P. New-
man, D. D.
Hon. William T. Hamilton, from the State
} of Maryland, and Hon. John W. Johnston,
from the State of Virginia, appeared in their
seats to-day.
election of president pro tempore.
: The Secretary (George C. Gorham, esq.,)
1 called the Senate to order, and said: The Sec-
retary will inform the Senate that the Vice
President is absent from the city, and will not
be present at this day's session.
Mr. HAMLIN. Mr, Secretary, I offer the
following resolution for the consideration of
the Senate:
I Resolved, That, in the absence of the Vice Presi-
i dent, Hon. Henrt B. Anthony be, and is hereby,
chosen President of the Senate pro tempore.
The Secretary put the question on the reso
lution; and it was adopted nem. con.
Mr. Anthony accordingly took the chair as
President of the Senate pro tempore.
Mr. CAMERON. Mr. President, as we have
not yet any committees, I move that the read-
ing of the Journal of the proceedings of yes
terday be dispensed with, and that the Senato
do now adjourn.
Mr. HAMLIN. Mr. President, I desire tc
submit a resolution which should be adoptee
before any other motion is made.
Mr. CAMERON. I withdraw my motion
for the present
Mr. HAMLIN. I offer the following reso-
lution:
_ Resolved, That the Secretary wait upon the Pres-
ident of the United States and inform him that in
the absence of the Vice President the Senate has
ehosen Hon. Hen ky B. Anthony, a Senator from
the State of Rhode Island, President of the Senate
pro tempore ? and that he make a similar communi-
cation to the House of Representatives.
The resolution was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The read-
ing of the Journal is next in order.
Mr. CAMERON. I now renew my motion
that the reading of the Journal be dispensed
with.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If there be
no objection the reacting of the Journal will
be dispensed with. The Chair hears no ob-
jection.
Mr. CAMERON. Mr. President, I move
that the Senate do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and (at twelve
o'clock and five minutes p. m.) the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, December 4, 1872.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Bdtler, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
debt of the district.
Mr. ROOSEVELT. I ask unanimons con-
sent to offer the following preamble and reso-
lution for present consideration:
Whereas by the act of Congress passed May 8,1872
being ohapter one hundred and forty-two of laws of
1872, it was enacted that the debt of the District of
Columbia should at no time exceed $10,000,000:
Resolved^ That the Committee of the House of
Representatives for the District of Columbia be
