1948
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28,
This appropriation here is merely for his ser-
vices, nothing more. The House have added
those words about the property, although the
bill does not include the property, for that
was stricken out. The House committee re-
ported twenty or twenty-five thousand dollars.
Mr. LOGAN. What committee reported
$25,000 at the last session ?
Mr. COOPER. The Committee on Claims
or the Committee on Military Affairs, I have
forgotten which; the Committee on Claims, I
think.
Mr. LOGAN. I simply desire to say that if
this bill does not include the property I shall
oppose it. I had the pleasure, or whatever it
may be called, of investigating this matter
once myself in the House of Representatives
when I was a member of that body. I have
no objection to it and nothing to say about it
if it includes the property and services as I
find it reported; but if you strike out the prop-
erty I have only to say that no scout during
the war was worth $5,000. Not one of them
ever performed that amount of service.
Mr. COLE. The bill is objected to, and I
call for the regular order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from California calls for the regular order.
Mr. WEST. I ask the Senator to yield to
me for a moment for the consideration of a
bill.
Mr. COLE. I cannot, and the Senator
knows it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from California declines to yield. The
appropriation bill is before the Senate.
Mr. HILL. I remind the Senator from
California that if am not mistaken there was
to be an hour allowed to us after the recess
for pension bills.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I call for the regular
order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will state to the Senator from Georgia that
that proposition to give to the Committee on
Pensions an hour was ruled out upon a point
of order. Therefore, the appropriation bill is
before the Senate.
CIVIL APPROPRIATION BILL.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. R.
No. 3921) making appropriations for the
sundry civil expenses of the Government for
the year ending June 30, 1874, and for other
purposes.
The Chief Clerk resumed the reading of the
bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will state that he has directed the Secretary,
if there be no objection, to strike out the semi-
colon after the words "Attorney General" in
line one hundred and ninety-one, so as to
make the meaning of the clause plain.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Appropriations was, on page 9, line two hun-
dred and two, after the word " the " where it
first occurs to strike out the words " purpose
of ventilation and," after the word "the"
where it next occurs to strike out the words
"rooms in the," and in line two hundred and
three after the word "building" to insert
the words "and ventilation of the rooms;" so
as to read :
For the repair of the City Hall building and venti-
lation of the rooms occupied by the supreme court
of the District oi Columbia. 82,500.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SPENCER. I should like to offer an
amendment to the bill, and as I deem this a
proper point to offer the amendment I send
up the amendment to the desk.
Mr. COLE. I object to any amendment
being received until we get through with the
amendments of the committee.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The practice
of the Senate has been to act first on the
amendments reported by the Committee on
Appropriations.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Appropriations was on page 10, after line two
hundred and twenty-two, to insert the follow-
ing:
For the final field-work of the survey of the Colo-
ja4o of the West, under Professor J. W. Powell,
$15,000."
Mr. COLE. That ia a misprint. The com-
mittee agreed upon $10,000.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment will be so modified.
Mr. WINDOM. I wish to add to that
amendment the words "to be made available
for immediate use." I do that for reasons,
stated in a document which I hold in my hand,
that are sufficient I think.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The amendment as amended was adopted.
The next amendment was on page 10, line
two hundred and thirty-three, to increase the
appropriation " for continuing the inquiry into
the causes of the decrease of the food fishes
of the coast and the lakes of the United
States" from $2,500 to $5,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 11, to
strike out lines two hundred and forty-nine
to two hundred and fifty-five, inclusive, in the
following words:
And of the $15,000 appropriated by act of J une 10,
1872, to enable said committee (on the Library) to
purchase works of art, the sum of $10,000 is hereby
declared to have been appropriated and shall be
expended for the purpose of providing for a statue
ot the late Jidward Dickinson Baker.
Mr. CORBETT. I hope that clause will
not be stricken out.
Mr. SPENCER. I ask that that be passed
over until the Senator from Maine [Mr. Mor-
rill] comes in.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there
objection to passing over this amendment for
the time being? The Chair hears cone, and
it is passed over.
The next amendment was on page 11, after
line two hundred and fifty-five, to insert the
followiug clause: •
For commencing a new building for the Library
t (inntrraaa in. Ka     .   ■*,
a, AH3W uununjg iur uie Jjiorary
°i i:ong.res?> to be located on one of the squares east
ot the Capitol, under the direction of the Committee
on Public Bui) diDgs and Grounds, $200,000: Provided
lhat a sum not exceeding $10,000 of this amount
may be expended in procuring plans for said Library
building; and the selection of a plan, together with
the location and supervision of said building, shall
be in charge of a commission, to consist of the chair-
man of the joint Committee on the Library, the
Architect of the Capitol Extension, the Supervising
Architect of the Treasury Department, and the
.Librarian of Congress.
Mr. STEVENSON. I doubt very much
the policy of that amendment. I think it is a
bad practice to begin to take the libraries out
of the Capitol.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I suggest that that be
laid over until the Senator from Maine is
present.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment will be passed over if there be no objec-
tion. The Chair will state that the print is
not precisely like the report of the committee,
as the Chair is informed by the Secretary.
The Chair therefore calls the attention of
Senators to that fact lest they might be misled.
^r- SAWYER. The Senator from Maine
[Mr. Morrill] wishes to make some correc-
tions.
Mr. HAMLIN. I wish to suggest to the
gentlemen who have the amendment in charge,
and I suppose they may be those who consti-
tute the Committee on the Library, the pro-
priety of changing the amendment by striking
°iU'' ^ •^■rckitect °f the Capitol Extension and
the Supervising Architect of the Treasury
Department and inserting the chairman of the
Committee on Public Buildings and Grounds,
tor the reason that both of those individuals
may be competing architects for the plans and
models presented and they ought not certainly
to be on the commission.
Mr. SAWYER. I understand that the
Senator's colleague, the chairman of the Com-
mittee on the Library, proposes to make some
such change as that, and that is the reason we
propose that it shall go over for the present
Mr. HAMLIN. Very well.
Mr. COLE. We toight perfect it, and then
if the chairman of the Committee on the
Library is not satisfied, be can move a recon-
sideration.
Mr. HAMLIN. My colleague has it in
charge and I prefer that it should lie over until
he comes in.
Mr. SPRAGUE. Let it go over till then.
Mr. HAMLIN. We might adopt these
amendments in committee as we go along
and then reserve them in the Senate for sep-
arate votes and save a little time in that wav.
Mr. COLE. That is better.
Mr. HAMLIN. I make that suggestion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion, then, is on agreeing to this amendment
reported by the Committee on Appropriations.
The Chair ig informed that the words " to-
gether with the location," in lines two hun-
dred and sixty-two and two hundred and
sixty-three, should be stricken out.
Mr. HAM LIN. Let it be adopted pro forma,
and it can be corrected on a separate vote in
the Senate.
Mr. HOWE. It seems to me that it would
be*fairer to pass them over now without any
talk, and then consider them when the chair-
man of the Committee on the Library is here.
Mr. COLE. Pass them over.
Mr. HAMLIN. Very well.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Wisconsin asks unanimous consent that
this amendment be passed over. Is there
objection ? The Chair hears none, and the
amendment is passed over.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Appropriations was on page 12, after line two
hundred and sixty-seven, to insert the follow-
ing clause:
To enable the Secretary of the Treasury to pay E.
J!. .FettingxU as additional compensation for services
performed-by him as chief of the State claims divis-
ion in the Treasury Department, from April 20,1869,
to July 1, 1871, $438 89; to William H. Whitney for
services performed by him as chief of the pension
division, from May 6,1869, to July 1,1871, $430; to
u- J0Ii ?• Jones for services performed by him as
Am 0 bookkeepers' division in Third Auditor's
1871 $422 21 sury' May 20' 186£>110 JuIy
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 12, -to
strike out the following clause from line
twenty-eight to two hundred and eighty-eight:
To enable the Clerk of the House of Representa-
tives to pay the thirteen crippled and disabled sol-
diers now in the employment of the Doorkeeper of
Il2e6«)OUSe' Maroil 4. 1873, to December 1,1873,
Mr. S AWYER. I understand now that that
was stricken out by the committee, though
I was not aware of the fact. But I have re-
ceived some information on the subject to-day
and I will state that these men have been paid
hitherto by a resolution of the House of Rep-
resentatives, and this clause is putinto the bill
because the House of Representatives do not
have a session begining on the 4th of March,
and therefore it is desirable to provide for
'h®1? 'P this way. That is the explanation
of the item. It is no new item. These men
have been paid heretofore, but have been paid
by a resolution of the House usually
The PRESIDING OFFICER. In the bill
as reported and printed this paragraph stands
as part of the text of the House bill.
Mr. LOGAN. What is the motion ?
Mr. SAWYER,^ It was understood in the
committee that it is an error in the type that
the brackets are not there.
Mr. COLE. The brackets were not printed
as they should have been in the printed bill,
ihe paragraph was stricken out by the com-
mittee, and I move in accordance with that
action that the paragraph be stricken out, and
that brings the question up.
Mr. LOGAN. I hope this paragraph will
