1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
25
been incurred since then, but I cannot pre-
sume that the District government has gone
011 fioin that time to this creating no addi-
tional debt. But supposing that no further
indebtedness Ins been incurred, and that the
:itV.iirs of ' IV.strict are now as they existed
;i'< n, we have a total of debts just read
amounting to $5.20(1.000; we have also a
discount on the $4,000,000 loan of $240,000 ;
making altogether $5,446,000 in addition to
she liabilities of the Board of Public Works,
which, by their report, amount to $7,086,000,
making in all a total debt of $12.032,000.
l'hey claim that $2,000,000 of that is to be
collected from property, and consequently
will say they have only disregarded your law,
only exceeded the amonnt you have permitted
them to expend, by $500,000. That is accord-
ing to their own statements. Now, I want
these figures examined, and I want in addi-
tion that the House, when these gentlemen
come before it asking for aloan of $1,500,000,
shall understand precisely what it is expected
this Government is to do, and the amount
which in the end it will be requested to
contribute.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I move that the
preamble and resolution be referred to the
Committee for the District of Columbia ; and
on that motion I call the previous question.
The previous question was secouded and
the main question was ordered, which was on
referring the preamble and resolution to the
Committee for the District of Columbia.
The House divided ; and there were—ayes
67, noes 66.
Mr. HOLMAN. I call for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. ROOSEVELT. I wish gentlemen to
understand that by referring this resolution to
the Committee for the District they effectually
smother it.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. Nobody under-
stands that. We shall investigate the whole
matter, if there is anything to be investigated.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeaa 74, nays 91, not voting
76; as follows:
YEAS—Mesars. Barry, Bingham, Baffinton, Bar-
chard, BurdeU, Roderick R. Butler, Clarke, Cogh-
lan, Conger, Cotton, Crocker, Dawes, Dickey, Don-
nin, Duell, Eames, Esty, Farwell, Charles Foster,
Wilder D. Faster, Frye, Garfield. Hale, Harmer,
Havens, John B. Hawley, Jobn W. Hazelton, Hoar,
Houghton, Kelley, Kellnsrg, Ketcham, Lamport,
Lansing, Lowe. Maynard.McOrew. McJunkih, Mon-
roe, Leonard Myers, NegleT, Orr, Packard, Packer,
Palmer. Isaac C. Parker, Peck, Pendleton, Peree,
Peters, Piatt, Poland, Porter, Ellis H. Roberts,
Sarjrent, Sessions, Shellabarger, Shoemaker, H.
Boardman Smith, John A. Smith, Snapp, Stark-
weather, Stoughton, Stowell, Thomas, Washington
Townsend, Twichell, Tyner, Upson, Wakeman,
Wallace, Wheeler, Whiteley, and Williams of In-
diana—74.
NAYS—Messrs. Acker, Ambler. Ames, Archer,
Arthur. Barber, Barnum. Beatty, Erasmus W. Beck,
James B. Beck, Bell, Austin Blair, L!ole.=, Braxton,
Bright, Brooks, Cobb, Coo urn, Comipgo, Cox, Crebs,
Cntjhor, Crossland, Davis. I)ox, Du Bose. Duke,
Dunnell, Ely, Finkelnburtr, Getz, Giddi'ngs, Halde-
man, Hancock, Handley, Hanki, Harper, George E.
Harris. John T. Harris, Hereford, Herndon, Hib-
bard, Holman, Kerr, Killinger,, Lamison, Maajson,
McClelland, McCormick, McIIenry, McKee, Mer-
riam, Merriek, Benjamin F. Meyers,Mitchell, Mor-
gan, Niblack, liosea W. Parker, Potter,Price, Han-
flallt Road, John M. Rice, Ritchie, Roosevelt, Ru k,
Sawyer, Scofield, Shanks, Slater, Slocum, Slo«s,
peer, Stevens, Stevenson, Storm, Swann, Tnffe,
Terry, Tnthill. Van Trump, Vaughan, Waddell,
Walden, WarreB, Wells, Willflrd, Jeremiah M. Wil-
sod, Winchester, Wood, and Young—91.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Averill, Banks,
Beveridge, Bigby, Biggs. Bird, Jnraes G. Blair,
Boarman, Buckley, Benjamin F. Butler, Caldwell,
Campbell, Carroll, 'Conner, Creely, Darrall, De
Large, Dodds, Eldredge, Elliott, Farnsworth,
Forker, Henry D. Foster, Garrett, Golladay, Good-
rich, GriflSth, Halsey, IJambleton, Joseph R. Haw-
l'-y. liny. Hay3, Gerry W. Ilazclton, Hill, Hooper,
Kendal], King, Kinsella, Leaeh, Lewis, Lynch,
Marshall,MeCrary, Melntyre, McKinney, McNeely,
.Moore, Morey, Atorphis, Perry, Prindlc, R.iiney,
j.'dward Y. Rice, William R. Roberts, Rnbin«on,
John Roafers, Kion H. Rogers, Seeley, Sheldon,
^herwood, Siiobor, Worthington C.Smith, Snyder,
^praeue, St. John, Sutherland, Sypher, Dwisrht
lownocn'l, Turner, Voorhees, Waldron, Walls,
Whitthorne, Williams of New York, and John T.
Wilson—7(>.
So the House refused to refer the resolution
to the Committee for the District of Colum-
bia.
The question recurred upon agreeing to the
resolution.
Mr. LYNCH. Is the resolution divisible?
The SPEAKER. It is not, as the previous
question is now operating.
The question was put upon the resolution ;
and it was agreed to.
Mr. ROOSEVELT moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was adopted ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
JOHN It. BRIGGS.
Mr. DAWES. One of the most efficient
and faithful of the assistantclerbs of the House
deceased yesterday. He had been here for a
long time and was a very worthy and faithful
officer. It is customary in such cases to pay
the balance of his salary for three months to
his widow, and to pay his funeral expenses.
In accordance with that custom, I offer the fol-
lowing resolution:
Resolved, That there be paid out of the contingent
fund of the House to the widow of John R. Briggs,
late assistant clerk of the House, a sum equal to his
salary to the end of the present session of Congress,
and also his proper funeral expenses.
The resolution was agreed to.
Mr. DAWES moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
OBSTRUCTION IK NEW YORK HARBOR.
Mr. COX, by unanimous consent, submitted
the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
Retolved, That the Committee on Commerce be
requested at once to examine into the reasons why
a sunken wreck in the channel-way off Sandy Hook
remains to impede and imperil navigation ; and if
an appropriation is needed, at once to report a bill
for that purpose.
Mr. COX moved to reconsider the vote by
which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to<
AMKNDMBNT OP THH ftttLES.
Mr. BfcCRARY, by unanimous consent,
submittted the following.resolutioh; which was
referred to the Committee on the Rules:
Rule —. It shall not at any time be in order to
move to suspend the rules of the House and pass
any bill or resolution untilat least three days' notice |
of such motion shall have been given-by printed no- |
tice laid on the tables of members, nor until three
days after such bill or resolution has been laid on
the tables of members. This rule shall in no case
bo suspended.
WASHINGTON, ETC., RAILROAD COMPANY.
Mr. HARRIS, of Virginia, by unanimous
consent, introduced a bill (H. R. No. 3012)
to authorize the Washington, Cincinnati, and
St. Louis Railroad Company to extend their
road into the District of Columbia ; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee for the District of Columbia, and
ordered-to be printed.
NATHANIEL M'KAY.
Mr. GETZ, by unajiimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. Na. 3013) for the rfelief of
Nathaniel McKay ; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee of
Claims, and ordered to be printed,
NIAGARA SHIP^CANAL.
Mr. DONNAN, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 3014) to provide
for the speedy construction of a ship-canal of
large capacity around the Falls of Niagara, on
the American side thereof; which was read a
first and second time, referred to the Commit-
tee on Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
TAX ON DISTILLED SPIRITS.
Mr. ARCHER, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. R. No. 3015) to amend an
act entitled "An act to provide for the abate-
ment or repayment of taxes on distilled spirits,
in bond, destroyed by casualty," approved
May 27, 1872; which was read a lirst and
second time, referred to the Committee of
Ways and Meaus, and ordered to be printed.
BRIDGE ACROSS THE OHIO.
Mr. KERR, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 3016) to authorize the
construction of a bridge across the Ohio river
between the city ot' New Albany, in the State
of Indiana, and the city of Louisville, in the
State of Kentucky, and to prescribe the dimen-
sions of the same; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee ob
Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
sale of lands in the district of columbia.
Mr. POTTER, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. R. No. 3017) in relation to
the sale of infants' lands in the District of
Columbia; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, and ordered to be printed.
EVIDENCE IN DISTRICT? COURTS.
Mr. POTTER also, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 3018) relating to
evidence, in the courts of the District of Co-
lumbia ; which was read a first aqd second
time, referred to the Oomqai^tee ou the Judi-
ciary, and ordered to be printed..
JOfiN W. IIICKEY.
Mr. MOREY, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. R. No. 3019) for the relief
of John W. Hickey; which was read a first
and second time, an'cf referred to the Com-
mittee on the Expenditures of the Treasury
Department. •
ABOLITION Otf'BAftK-CITBCK STAMPS.
Mr. TOWNSEND, of Pennsylvania, by
unanimous consent, introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 3020) to repeal the tax imposed by stamps
on bank checks, drafts, and orders; which
was read a first and second time, ordered to
be printed, and referred to the Committee of
Waya and Means.
WESTERN JUDICIAL BISTRICT OF MJ8S008I.
Mr. FINKELNBUK&, by unanimous con-
sent, introduced a bill (H. R. No. 3021) to
attend an act to provide for holding a cir-
cuit court of the United States in the western
district of Missouri, approved June 8, 1872;
which was read a first and second time, ordered
to be printed, and referred to the - Committee
on the Judiciary.
INTRODUCTION OP BILLS.
The SPEAKER. Thd Chair desires to give
notice that daring this session he will adhere
to his practioe of last session, and' decline to
receive'propositions for the' introduction and
reference of bills, except on Mondays, during
the morning hour, raider the rule. As 'there
was no morning hour on last Monday, the Chair
has permitted these bills to be'introduced.
Mir. SARGENT. I move to reconsider all
votes by which bills have been referred ; and I
also move that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table. <.
The SPEAKER. That motion is not
necessary. The rule is now absolute that the
reference of any bill introduced by unanimous
consent cannot be reconsidered.
PRINTING OF A BILL.
Mr. TAFFE. House bill No. 1665, to
enable honorably discharged soldiers and
sailors, their widows and orphan children, to
acquire homesteads on the public lands ol tho
United States, is out of print. I move that ii
be again printed for t,he use of the House.
The motion was agreed to.
