1950
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28,
sidered as in Committee of the Whole. It pro-
poses to modify the sixth section of "An act
making appropriation for the support of the
Army for the year ending June 30, 1870," ap-
proved March 3, 1869, so far as to authorize
and permit the President of the United States
to nominate, and, by and with the advice and
consent of the Senate, to appoint one assist-
ant adjutant genera], with the rank, pay, and
emoluments of' a major in that Department.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
CIVIL APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. COLE and Mr. SPRAGUE called for
the regular order.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. R.
No. 3921) making appropriations for sundry
civil expenses of the Government for the fiscal
year ending June 30, 1874, and for other pur-
poses.
The Chief Clerk continued the reading of
the bill.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Appropriations was on page 27, line six hun-
dred and forty-eight, in the appropriation for
the Soldiers' and Sailors' Orphans Home,
Washington city, District of Columbia, after
the word "child" to insert the words "not
an invalid," so as to read :
That no child not an invalid shall remain in said
home after having attained the age of sixteen years.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 27, after
line six hundred and forty-nine to insert the
following :
To aid in the erection of a building for a hospital
in the city of Washington, under the charge and
control of an incorporated association in said city,
known as the Sisterhood of St. John, $25,000 is
hereby appropriated out of any money in the Treas-
ury not otherwise appropriated, to be paid to the
said association.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I should like
the chairman to explain this.
Mr. COLE. This is an institution located
somewhere near Twentieth street, I think, or
on I street, near where that street intersects
Pennsylvania avenue. The hospital has been
established there for some time and has been
a great accommodation to many very destitute
and worthy objects. Idonotknow much about
the establishment myself from observation, but
what I can learn about it is to the effect that
it is a very creditable institution and one that
needs encouragement. It is under the charge
of some ladies who are devoting their time
and attention to these benevolent objects, and
they ask now for means to establish the hos-
pital more firmly—to put up a building, I be-
lieve.
Mr. BOREMAN. I would like to inquire
of the chairman if that is a private institution.
Mr. COLE. It is described in the amend-
ment to be an incorporated association in the
city, known as the Sisterhood of St. John.
It is not exactly private.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. It is a public
institution. It has been supported hitherto,
with a very slight exception, by private charity ;
and the committee believed it commended it-
self to their consideration by the fact that it
had been thus far very nearly self-supporting.
Several very benevolent ladies have taken it
in hand and have had a very good degree of
success, supporting from twenty to thirty, and
sometimes forty, destitute patients, and them-
selves chiefly doing the entire labor about the
establishment. They desire to establish it upon
a more permanent basis, and it seemed to the
committee a very worthy thing for the Govern-
ment of the United States to contribute to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I notice that
whenever we once get an appropriation into
the regular appropriation bill it always annu-
ally reappears. I suppose there are quite a
number of the denominations that have charit-
able societies here that would be very glad to
have Congress give them some aid. It seems
to me that we ought not to be sectarian in
any of our appropriations. If one denomina-
tion may ask for such appropriations, so may
another.
Mr. CONKLING. That is the trouble with
this very thing. The great argument in this
case is that another sect, which shall be name-
less, has obtained $150,000 for similar pur-
poses, and now there are all manner of peo-
ple who want to know why this sect should not
have $25,000.
Mr. COLE. I beg the Senator's pardon; I
do not think this is sectarian at all; at least I
am informed it is not. The name "St. John"
is not connected with the church of that name
in this city. It is the name of the hospital. I
am assured that it is not sectarian, but I know
nothing about it except from those who are
soliciting the appropriation. The Senator may
be better informed than I am; but I feel bound
to state the information I have received.
Mr. CONKLING. If lam not interrupting
anybody, I venture to suggest that should it turn
out that I am better informed about this than
the chairman of the Committee on Appropria-
tions, although I deny it, I should find myself
in the possession of an amount of knowledge
which would embarrass me very much.
Last year an attempt was made to obtain
$10,000 for this purpose. I objected to it and
earned a very unenviable distinction by doing
it, and I have been enjoined by authority
which ought to be not only persuasive but
obligatory upon me, not to object to it this
year. But, Mr. President, this must not go
through by the votes of Senators ignorant of
the fact that this is in a general sense a secta-
rian appropriation. This institution belongs
to St. John's church. St. John's church is an
Episcopal church, and that is the church in
which 1 pay pew rent to a very moderate ex-
tent, but nevertheless perhaps enough to make
it true of me as a better man said of himself,
that hi3 religion, according to what he had,
cost him the most of any man in town. [Laugh-
ter.] Thisisan institution connected with the
Episcopal church, and as I have once said,
one of the arguments which I cannot answer
is a statement, I am told historically true, that
there is another sect which has received from
Congress $150,000.
Mr. COLE. Notatonce.
Mr. CONKLING. Well, my friend says,
"not at once," and as I did not affirm any-
thing On that subject, I will not deny anything
on that point.
Now, there are women of refinement, of cul-
ture, who dread as much as we should dread
coming into contact with disease, and suffer-
ing, and pain, who are devoting, if not their
lives, a great deal of time and attention to fos-
tering this institution, and they make an appeal
which I do not feel called upon to answer. I
am not a member of the Committee on Appro-
priations. I have no doubt that this money is
to be used for purposes of charity and human-
ity ; nor have I any doubt that it is to go into
the hands of those incapable of misapplying
it. If a majority of the Senate think, as they
have thought heretofore, an object of this sort
is a proper object within the Constitution,
when it resides in this District, to appropriate
money to, I shall hold that I acquit myself of
my duty by the vote I give.
Mr. STEVENSON. I hope this appropri-
ation will be made. This is the only Protestant
hospital in the city of Washington. I hope I
shall never measure my charity by any re-
ligious denomination ; I do not begrudge what
other denominations have had ; but this is the
only Protestant hospital here, and it is the
only general hospital in the western part of
the city.
This hospital was commenced by the Sister-
hood of St. John. They have taken great
pains to build it up. It has been built up by
their own individual exertions. It is open to
every denomination. It now has forty patients.
It is in the vicinity or near to Georgetown,
where there is no hospital; and ia addition to
the merits of the application on account of the
work these benevolent women in their labor
of .charity and love are doing, there is nobo dy
who comes to Washington who may not need
at some time the comforts of such a hospital.
I am willing at all times, without asking the
denomination to which they belong, to extend
to the exertions of noble women like these
any help within my power. While Congress
has expended a very large amount for such
objects, perhaps correctly quoted by the Sen-
ator from New York, this hospital has received
nothing.
I hold in my hand a recommendation from
the leading physicians in this town touching
this hospital, from which I propose briefly to
read:
"With personal knowledge of the great need of
such an institution as that proposed by the Sister-
hood of St. John in the western portioti of the city,
I have watched with interest the good work they
have already accomplished-on a smaller scale and
am convinced that the establishment of a general
hospital under their auspices and control would be
a most useful charity creditable alike to the Gov-
ernment and to the sisterhood."
That is signed by Joseph K. Barnes, Surgeon
General United States Army, and concurred
in by C. H- Crane, Assistant Surgeon General
United States Army ; Robert Key burn, M. D.;
J. H. Baxter, chief medical purveyor United
States Army; Nathan S. Lincoln, M. D.; S. J.
Radcliffe, M. D., and Joseph Taber Johnson,
M. D., all eminent physicians, as I understand,
in this city.
This is a small pittance to such a charity as
this. We appropropriate millions of dollars
to adorn this Capitol and to adorn these
grounds. Here is a charity which all may
need, and the insignificant sum of $25,000 is
asked. Should there be a question of render-
ing it promptly and cheerfully? I hope not.
Mr. CORBETT. The objection that I have
to an appropriation of this kind is that it is to a
sect. It is underthe auspices of the Episcopal
Church, as I understand, and I do not know
anything to hinder next year the Presbyterian
Church coming for a similar appropriation, the
following year the Baptist Church, and so on
from one to another, until we shall find that
we are setting up hospitals for all the various
denominations.
Now, if this is a matter of charity on the
part of the members of this church it will cer-
tainly do its members good to give to charity ;
the exercise of that virtue makes us all better;
and if they depend upon Congress for giving
this charity, of course to that extent it takes
from them the satisfaction and the zeal with
which they engaged in the work. There are
plenty of people here able to establish such an
institution and to build one creditable to the
city by donations from their wealth. We are
making' appropriations here for the sailors
and soldiers' orphans. That is a very proper
thing; and for the soldiers of the nation, their
children and their wives, we must provide,
and it is proper and right. The trouble here
is that which has been suggested by the Sen-
ator from Vermont and the Senator from New
York. It is that, once launched upon this sea
of appropriations to the various denomina-
tions, we do not know where we are to stop.
If this were the only one, I would very cheer-
fully make the appropriation ; for I should
like to help every good work.
Mr. SPENCER. Will the Senator allow me
to inquire what other one there is?
Mr. CORBETT. I think there are various
institutions of this kind not far from this Cap-
itol that will be coming to the nation for aid.
I cannot name them, perhaps, but I know
that there are a number of denominations that
are engaged in works like this. I know that
the Presbyterian denomination are engaged
now in putting up a building on one of the
public squares for missionary purposes. Why
should we not give also for missionary pur-
poses?
