26
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 4,
election contest louisiana.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is in posses-
sion of what purports to be credentials from
the State ot' Louisiana to Harry Lott, for the
seat that was yesterday assigned to Mr. Boar-
max. That gentleman was sworn in upon
regular credentials from the Governor of the
Tk*te' wh'ch no objection was made.
1 his paper, if no objection is made, will be
t0 Committee of Elections.
•1 he reference #as made accordingly.
laws of the district op columbia.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
* letter from the secretary of the District of
^olumbia, transmitting for the use of Congress
•our copies of the laws passed at the first ses-
sion of the second Legislative Assembly of the
.^'strict of Columbia; which was ordered to
he printed, and referred to the Committee for
the District of Columbia.
leave of absence.
Mr. Sutherland was granted leave of ab-
86 aj8 Unt'' 'he 5th day of January next.
Mr. MORGAN asked and obtained leave of
absence for Mr. Campbell until the 2d day of
January next.
Mr. Hawley, of Connecticut, was granted
leave of absence for two days to enable him to
Mtwda reunion of the centenial commission
^ if^iiadelphia.
Mr. Dodds was granted leave of absence
unil' Fndaynext-
Mr. Elliott and Mr. Rainey were granted
leave of absence until after the holidays.
Mr. DUN NELL. I ask indefinite leave of
absence for Mr. Averill, my colleague, who
18 still suffering from a severe physical injury
re>j1Ved 8evera' weeks ago.
^o objection was made, and leave of ab-
sence was granted accordingly.
new steam vessels of war.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio, called for the
regular order of business.
lhe SPEAKER. The regular order being
called for, the morning hour begins at one
o clock and eighteen minutes, and the House
will resume the consideration of House bill No.
to authorize the construction of ten or
m°re steam vessels of war and for other pur-
poses. The gentleman from Maine [Mr.
Hale] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. SCOFLELD. Before the gentleman
Proceeds, I move to recommit this bill and
pending amendments to the Committee on
Affairs.
Mr. RANDALL. What is the object of that
motion ?
'lhe SPEAKER. The Chair can state the
effect of it: it is to prevent any further amend-
ment from being offered while that motion is
pending.
.Mr. SCOFIELD. I do not want to confuse
 i w't'1 100 man7 amendments.
Mr. HAND ALL. Will that motion inter-
re with nay modifying my own amendment?
Mr. SCOF1ELD. I think not. But I do
not want too many amendments pending at the
same time.
Mr. HALE. I now yield to the gentleman
rom Pennsylvania [Mr. kelleyj for ten
minutes.
Mr. KELLEY. I hope this bill will be
passed with the amendment of the gentleman
rom Maine, [Mr. Hale,] and the amendment,
siightjy modified, of my colleague from the
nrstdistrict, [Mr. Randall.] I would suggest
that the amendment of my colleague should
5 modified by inserting the words " and best"
ter the word "lowest;" so that the bid to be
accepted shall not only be the lowest but the
"fst, for the purpose of excluding merely sham
D'ds, and bids of mere adventurers who shall
be known to the Department to be wanting in
the implements and materials for the proper
construction of such vessels.
•If we are to maintain a navy we must begin
the work of construction, for if we do not we
shall lind ourselves at the end of three or five
years without a sea-going navy. The fact is
a lamentable one ; nevertheless it is a fact.
We cannot afford, sir, to be without a navy.
If gentlemen will contemplate for a moment
our geographical position, confronting on one
hand the busy people of the States of western
Europe, with their naval armaments, and on
the other hand the enormous commerce lying
open to us upon the shores of the Pacific, they
will see that above all other people we need a
respectable navy.
Again, sir, if they will note the fact that our
foreign trade, our exports and our imports,
are increasing in a percentage far exceeding
those of Great Britain, they will see that at
no distant day we are to be the first commer-
cial nation of the world, excluding from con-
sideration our internal commerce—that upon
the rail, the river, the canal, and the lakes. It
is a fact reeoguized by but few that our foreign
trade is marching steadily to the ad vance of that
of Great Britain, yet it is demonstrable from
the statistics of the two countries from 1866
to 1872.
Again, sir, it is known (and the President
did but do his duty when he called our atten-
tion to the fact) that our share in the carrying
trade of the world is diminishing; and why?
Because steam has taken the place of sail, and
iron of wood, in the commercial marine; and
recently the compound engine, with its econ-
omies of space and fuel, 13 succeeding the
weighty and expensive forms of engines hith-
erto used. These we must resort to. And it
will again surprise gentlemen to know that our
establishments for the construction of iron
steamers are growing rapidly in number and
in capacity. No great branch of industry in
the country is increasing in the same rapid
ratio as the building of iron steamers and the
capacity of building them. Not only in the
States of New Jersey, Delaware, and Penn-
sylvania upon the Delaware, but in New
York, Michigan, and other States upon the
lakes; not only there but upon the Father of
Waters are large yards being erected and sup-
plied with machinery far the construction of
first class iron steamers.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I hold that the con-
struction of a part of these vessels should be
given to private yards, because it was by this
means that England established her suprem-
acy in this branch of ship-building. She en-
larged her navy, and wherever in competent
hands a yard was growing up she gave it
contracts; she enabled its proprietors to ac-
quire their plant of land and machinery, and
so should we. Private enterprise is doing
much, but why should not the Government,
which stands in such imminent need of these
vessels, confide its work to private establish-
ments, aud thus, at prices to be guarded by
the provision of my colleague [Mr. Randall]
that the lowest and best bidder shall have the
contract, give patronage and employment to
these growing establishments ? Why should
not the Government thus join the enterprising
citizens who, at the peril of their capital, have
engaged in this business, in bringing from the
Clyde the skilled workmen of our commercial
rival ?
Sir, much faalt is found with the character
of the work done in our navy-yards. It is
alleged that it is unduly expensive and wanting
in perfection. Let as therefore give to those
yards that have the machinery for proceeding
with this work some of these vessels to build,
and then let us erect a standard of our own to
judge of the cheapness and perfection of the
work. Let us give vessels of the same char-
acter to our agents at such yards as may have
the capacity, and to the chiefs of private yards.
See where work can be done most promptly ;
see where it can be done most efficiently and
most economically, and thus take a wise lesson
for the future.
I do not propose to make an elaborate argu-
ment ; and, after what has been said, it is not
necessary that any one should do it. But I
do, in conclusion, beg leave to say to gentle-
men that the time has come when we must act
in this matter or confront the fact that, bounded
by both oceans as we are, growing in foreign
trade in more rapid ratio than Great Britain
herself, we shall find ourselves, as I have
already said, at the end of three or five years
. without a sea-going Navy.
Mr. HALE. I now yield five minutes to
the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Platt.]
Mr. PLATT. Mr. Speaker, the question
of building and maintaining a navy for the
United States is one that has attracted atten-
tion and caused discussion in every Congress
that has ever assembled. We were told by
General Washington, in his eighth annual
message, that " to secure respect to a neutral
flag, even in the time of peace, required a
naval force organized and ready to vindicate
it from insult and aggression." The naval
force belonging to-day to the Government of
the United States is not sufficient to protect
" us, even while a neutral Power, from insult
and aggression on the part of other nations.
Gentlemen will find by referring to the report
of the Secretary of the Navy for the present
year that our effective naval force to-day con-
sists of only 41 vessels, carrying 381 guns—a
smaller force than we have ever found ourselves
in possession of at almost any period since the
establishment of our Navy.
In 1844 the naval force of the country con-
sisted of 75 effective ships: 10 ships of the line,
; 1 carrying 100 guns; 13 frigates, first class,
, carrying each 44 guns; 2 frigates, second
I class, carrying 36 guns; 6 sloops of war,
1 second class; 7 frigates, 8 schooners, 8 steam-
ers, and 4 store-ships ; making in 1844, in the
comparative infancy of our Republic, 76 ships,
carrying 2,256 guns. In 1854, when there was
presented to the House of Representatives,
, during the Thirty-Third Congress, from the
1 Committee on Naval Affairs ^of that body, a
: bill asking authority and an appropriation of
I $3,000,000 to build six frigates, to cost $6,000,-
000, the Navy at that time, in 1854, when it
was proposed to make this addition, was
larger and had more effective ships and guns
than we have to-day ; for they had in 1854 for
effective service 50 sailing vessels and 22 steam
vessels; making 72 vessels, bearing 2,116
guns. In 1854 we had 72 vessels and 2,150
guns capable of service, while in 1872 we have
only 41 vessels, carrying 381 guns, fit for ser-
vice. Sir, the mere statement of this fact
ought to carry conviction to the mind of every
member of the House that the passage of this
bill presented by the Committee on Naval
Affairs, now before the House for discussion,
is absolutely essential if we would maintain
any navy whatever.
The Secretary of the Navy well says in his
report—and I will quote what he does say, for
I know from my own experience that the re-
port of the Secretary of the Navy is not yet in
the hands of many members of the House—
" This shows an active foroe slightly increased in
strength since the date of the last report, with im-
proved efficiency on account of its better distribu-
tion in a greater number of smaller and more active
vessels. The limit of our power is, however, almost
reached in this direction, since we have no more
small cruisers which can be put in commission with-
out repairs of an extent and at an expense wholly
inadequate to the results to be obtained. Of the
ships built during the war, including those which,
commenced then, have been finished since its close,
many were designed for special service, and are not
of a character adapted to our present needs ; most
are too large for the economical and efficient distri-
bution of our small peace force, and almost all, built
hastily of unseasoned timber, have now fulfilled the
measure of their useful life.
"To spend money in the constant endeavor to
keep these ships afloat is the most expensive way
of maintaining a navy, since constantly increasing
expenditure is answered by constantly decreasing
results of good. It would be the wisest economy at
once to affori the means and the authority to build
a number oi small, active cruisers, of live-oak or of
iron, which, adapted to the datieg and the means of
