1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
27
our Nary in time of peace, and fitted with the more
modern and ecouomieal machinery which has suc-
ceeded that in use at the commencement of the
decade, eould be maintained aad employed with
mure effect, and for smie jears, with comparatively
liule expenses for repairs."
• Now, Mr. Speaker, in order to carry oot the
recommendation of the Secretary, and to com-
mence the enlargement of our naval force, the
hill now before the House ha3 been reported.
It is proposed by the Navy Department to
build all these ten vessels if left to the discre-
tion of the Department and not hampered by
directions from the House ; it is proposed to
build these ten steamers of three sizes, the
largest of which will be from sixteen to eight-
een hundred tons burden, and to carry from
ten to fourteen guns of the largest size. The
next size will be from twelve to fifteen hundred
tons burden, carrying eight or nine guns, and
the smaller sizes will be from eight hundred
to one thousand tons burden, carrying six or
seven guns. I hope the amendment of the
gentlemau from Massachusetts, [Mr. Basks,]
the original author of the bill, to strike out
''ten or more" and insert "not exceeding
ten," will not be adopted. He is not present
to-day, and if the bill is acted on to-day I
hope it will be modified so that it will read
•' not less than six nor more than fourteen,"
making an average of ten.
The passage of the bill and the building of
these vessels will add ten steamers and one
hundred guns to the effective force of our
Navy. It is contemplated to make these
vessels small and swift, and built so they will
have a capacity, when necessary, of fifteen
knots per hour; to have both steam and sailing
facilities, in order that they may sail with little
expense when there is no necessity for great j
speed, and when the emergency arises they !
may be capable of such speed as may be
desirable. ' They will carry large guns, and
I think the experience of the past few years
demonstrated such vessels are more effective :
than iron-plated steamers, which were com-
pelled to carry enormous weight of armor, |
because the development in guns has produced
them of sufficient power to penetrate the
heaviest armor ever used on vessels of war.
These will be small vessels carrying large guns
capable of penetrating this armor, and will be,
of course, the most effective our Government
can have.
There can be no difference of opinion, Mr.
Speaker, and there is none between members
of the House, as to the desirability and the
necessity for the passage of this bill.
The great cost of these vessels is an objec-
tion to some gentlemen who are opposing its
passage, and prevents others from giving it that
hearty and generous support they would, but i
for this consideration, extend. The expend-
iture of public money—the money of the peo-
ple—should always be carefully guarded by
the prudent statesman ; but he should remem-
ber that seemingly large expenditures are ,
often in the interest of true and judicious
economy, and that if these vessels are not \
built now, comparatively enormous expend-
itures will be absolutely forced upon us in this ;
direction in the not distant future; and that j
every dollar appropriated for the purposes
provided for in this bill will be expeuded
among our own people in the purchase of ma- :
terial and the pay of laborers, that it will bring
into exercise the inventive genius and mechan
ical skill of our country, and promotes and
thereby perpetuates a class in our midst essen- ■
tial to our national safety and independence.
These ships will be constructed by the genius,
the labor, and with the material of our own
country. The money expended will not merely 1
result in the creation of vessels to protect our
property and our flag, but will furnish employ-
ment and gladden the hearts of thousands of
mechanics and will come back into our Treas- I
tiry with a fourfold interest. I
I hope, sir, that the amendment proposed
by the gentleman from Maine will not prevail. I
It is to me a matter of astonishment that there
should be so much misapprehension on the
part of members of this House in regard to
the comparative merits and economy of build-
ing vessels by the navy-yards and by private
contracts. The cry that vessels of war can be
built with more economy by private contract
than in our navy-yards has been reiterated so'
often that gentlemen who have given the sub-
ject no examination have come to believe it
true. The facts are that the question has been
decided by previous Congresses, after long and
patient investigation and debate, in favor of
permitting the Secretary of the Navy to exer-
cise his own discretion, as ought to be done in
this case. Experiments in building vessels of
war by private parties have been tried an almost
innumerable number of times by our Govern-
ment and by other Governments, and always
have resulted in costly failure. Let the gen-
tlemen who advocate building these vessels by
contract mention one instance in which the
contract system in building war vessels has
been tried with success. I challenge them to
name one. Building war steamers is a very
different thing from building merchant vessels
or mail steamers, and men well skilled and
successful in the latter have, without excep-
tion, made lamentable failures when attempting
the former. It is utter and preposterous folly
to talk of building merchantmen or mail
steamers which shall at a small expense be
convertible into available war vessels. A mer-
chantman or mail steamer must be built to
carry a heavy load below decks and on her bot-
tom ; a war vessel must be constructed to carry
heavy guns on her sides and bow. In the one the
machinery is above the water-line, in the other
it must be below. True, during the late war
many merchantmen werQ purchased by us and
converted into war vessels, but they were used
exclusively for blockading purposes, and not
to oppose the fighting war vessels of the enemy.
Whenever a properly constructed war vessel
attacked one of these converted merchantmen
the first broadside from the former invariably
sent the latter to the bottom. The plans of
the two kinds of vessel must be essentially
different, and though we have private ship-
builders skilled in the one kind of construc-
tion, I know of none who are equally expert in
the other. I beg gentlemen to consult the
easily found authorities and learn the result
of our former expensive experience in this
matter. The subject was fully discussed in the
debate consequent upon the passage during
the first session of the Thirty-Third Congress
of the bill to authorize the construction of six
steam frigates, an amendment similar to the
one proposed by the member from Maine
[Mr. Hai.e] defeated, and the subject left as
this bill proposes to leave it, to the discretion
of the Secretary. Why repeat now an experi-
ment which past experience has demonstrated
so forcibly and at such heavy cost to the coun-
try to be impracticable? From the report of
the debates in the Thirty-Third Congress I
select a few cases illustrating the truth of this
statement; they are only a few of the con-
spicuous failures under the contract system:
The frigate Guerriere, built at Philadelphia
of white oak, was broken up as unworthy of
repairs after making two short cruises. The
frigate Java, built at Baltimore, made but one
short trip to the Mediterannean, and was
found to be so weak that she was recalled.
She afterward received very extensive re-
pairs and made another cruise to the same
station ; on her return she was condemned as
utterly unworthy of further repairs.
The frigate Hudson was built at New York
for the Greek Government by contract, of
white-oak. She was purchased into our Navy,
and made but one short cruise, when she was
found to be completely decayed, and was
condemned.
The brig Lawrence was built by contract for
the Navy at Baltimore, was found totally
unfit for a war vessel, and at the expiration of
her first and only cruise was found to be com-
pletely decayed, and was condemned.
The Alleghany iron steamer was built at
Pittsburg, and proved so weak that several of
her timbers were broken in her first cruise,
during which she was also proved a failure so
far as her mode of propulsion was concerned.
New engine* were put in her at a very heavy
expense ; she again failed and entirely, in con-
sequence of the weakness of her hull.
During the war with Mexico a private ship
builder was employed to put up the frame of
the Washington at Portsmouth, New Hamp-
shire, and he spoiled one entire frame. Ho
was very skillful in the construction of mer-
chant ships, but frankly acknowledged that he
was out of his depth in attempting a vessel of
war. The steamer Kamschatka, built for the
Russian Government, was pronounced a dis-
grace to American mechanics. The steamer
United States, which was sold to the German
Government, was found to be unfit for a ves-
sel of war, and the small steamers built for
the Mexican navy, but purchased upon an
emergency into our own, were utter failures.
These failures and many others occurred in
our naval history before the war, and caused
the utter abandonment by Congress of any
more attempts in this direction and the enlarge-
ment and improvement of our navy-yaras,
until the necessities of our late war again com-
pelled us to try the contract system ; and I ask
the advocates for building ships of war by pri-
vate contract to name one single one out of
the hundreds so built which has been credit-
able to the private builder.
Of all the machinery of war there is none
so important as the vessel of war. Not only
the lives of those on board are endangered,
but the fate of a battle and all the attending
consequences are dependent upon its strength
and efficiency. A badly constructed man-of-
war may entail terrible disaster and loss of
life by its deficiencies, and it js criminal to
place the lives of our sailors in comparison
with the saving of a few dollars of public
money. Unless the Government is able to
build the best ships that can be constructed
it is not able to build at all, and we should
abandon our Navy and acknowledge our pov-
erty in the face of the world. It is impossible
for a war vessel to be built so well by contract
as in a Government yard, for the manner of
doing the work cannot be the same. In a con-
tract the contractor is the interested party in
opposition to the interests of the Government.
Every nail and bolt less than the proper num-
ber is money in his pocket, and every part of
the material which enters into the construction
of a vessel of poorer quality than the best is
so much gain to him, even the reduction of an
eighth of an inch in size of iron or copper in
any part of the vessel is so much loss to the
Government and gain to the contractor. The
injury to Government in putting in poor ma-
terials is not only a loss but increases the
danger of those who must sail in the ships.
It is an Otter impossibility to prevent the
substitution of poor material for the best
if the contractor furnishes the material un-
less the Government should employ an hon-
est man as an inspector for every man in the
employment of the contractor, so that every
man could be watched all the time. When
the workman ofthe contractor discovers a bad
piece of material he is particular to hide it
from the Government inspector, for he is only
interested in looking out for his employer's
interests ; a discharge would follow any other
course. In the Government yards, on the
contrary, if an inferior piece of material is
noticed by the workman it is his interest to
have it rejected and a better piece put in, as
it adds to the number of days he will be em-
ployed. In the contract system the workman
is interested in cheating the Government,
while when employed by the Government
he is interested in protecting the Government
and the life of his fellow-man. 1 have already
