1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1051
Mr. COLE. As the Senator from Oregon
properly suggests, there are several other insti-
tutions here ; I remember some of them : there
is the Providence hospital, and the Columbia
hospital, and the Children's hospital, and the
one established here on Judiciary square ; I
do not remember its name, but I believe it is
the Christian Women's Association. There
are quite a number of concerns of this sort
besides this one, and we are now only adding
another to the list that we aid.
Mr. CORBETT. I have no objection to
making appropriations, as I have said before,
to those people who are dependent upon the
nation for charity and have been reduced to
that necessity by their exposure in defending
the institutions of this country. I believe
that it is necessary and proper and right that
■we should make appropriations for them. But
where it comes to institutions under the special
care of the various denominations, it seems to
me those separate denominations should take
care ofthose particular cases which come under
their supervision. I know it is a very unen-
viable thing to get up here and make an objec-
tion to an appropriation like this, and I would
not do it if I did not see that by making this
appropriation we were going to set an exam
pie or a precedent for others, larger and larger.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. An-
thony in the chair.) The Senator has spoken*
five minutes.
Mr. STEVENSON. I wish_ to say to the
Senator from Oregon that this is not a charity
iu the sense of merely giving money for noth-
ing.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
is obliged to remind the Senator from Ken-
tucky that he has already spoken five minutes.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I merely
called the attention of Senators to this appro-
priation because it struck me that it was a little
outof our line. We are making appropriations
for charitable institutions here of a national
character, for the deaf and dumb, for the
blind, and for the orphans of soldiers; but
when we go beyond and take up the Sisters
of merely religious denominations, it seems
to me that we have stepped a little beyond our
usual track, and I suggest merely that if we
do this we shall unquestionably be called upon
to make not only this a permanent appropria-
tion but many others of a similar character.
It is said that there are forty patients now in
this hospital. I suppose that they are supported
by some contributions of their own. If we
make the appropriation of $25,000, at the or
diuary rate of expense of a patient, five dollars
a week, it would be equivalent to adding oue
hundred patients. At the rate of five dollars a
week, or $250 per annum, $25,000 would sup-
port one hundred patients. Therefore if this
appropriation is made, it assumes that either
we are to take the whole burden of this society
upon our shoulders, or that we are to add
one hundred and fifty per cent, to its present
capacity.
Mr. COLE. If the Senator will look at the
language of the amendment he will see that it
is to aid in the erection of a building which of
course will come under the control of the
chairman of the Committee oa Public Build-
ings and Grounds.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Not much.
Mr. SAWYER. I desire to correct an im-
pression which seems to prevail here that be-
cause this hospital is under the charge of ladies
of the Protestant Episcopal Church, therefore
it limits its beneficence to those who are mem-
bers of that church. They take the patients
of all classes, the single condition being that
they are suffering and destitute.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment reported by the
Committee on Appropriations.
The amendment was agreed to—ayes
twenty-five, noes not counted.
The Chief Clerk continued the reading of
the bill.
Mr. STEVENSON. On page 27, line six
hundred and fifty-eight, I move to strike out
"fifteen" and insert "twenty" before "thon-
sand," so as to read :
For the preservation of the collections of the sur-
veying and exploring expeditions of the Govern-
ment, $20,000.
I am authorized by Professor Baird, of the
Smithsonianlnstitution, to say that this increase
of $5,000 is required in order to enable the
institute to arrange and exhibit the geological
collection lately transferred from the Land
Office and to make up duplicate specimens
into sets for distribution to colleges and insti-
tutions. He informs me further that when he
made the estimate which is appropriated in
this item of the bill be was not aware that the
Laud Office would transfer its collection to the
institute. It is a subject in which the people
of every section are interested, because these
duplicates when made will be distributed to
colleges and institutions in every portion of
the country. I have his letter here, which it
is unnecessary to read, in which he explains
the matter.
Mr. SHERMAN. Is that an amendment
of the Committee on Appropriations, I ask
the honorable Senator?
Mr. STEVENSON. I propose to increase
the amount in this item of the bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. There is no amendment
pending. I raise the point of order that it is
not an amendment reported from any commit-
tee and increases the appropriation.
Mr. STEVENSON. Did not the gentleman
himself propose to amend a clause to-day in
the same way?
Mr. SHERMAN. That is true ; but an in-
crease of appropriation must be reported by a
committee. An amendment in regard to
legislation need not be.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, [Mr. Ed-
munds in the Chair.] If the amendment is
not offered from the Committee on Appropria-
tions or some other committee the Chair
sustains the point of order.
Mr. SAWYER. Do I understand that where
there is an appropriation in the bill of $15,000
for this object it is not in order to move to
increase that to $20,000?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
so decides, unless that amendment be reported
from a committee or be referred to the Com-
mittee on Appropriations, unless it is made to
carry out the provisions of some existing law
or in pursuance of au estimate of the head of
a Department.
Mr. SAWYER. I deem it just to say that
this subject was presented to me, and I in-
tended to submit it to the committee, but I
mislaid the papers and could not do so. So I
hope the Senator will waive making this point
of order and allow this sum to be given, which
is absolutely necessary.
The PRESIDING OFFICER Upon the
present information in the possession of the
Chair, the Chair feels obliged to sustain the
point of order. The Secretary will proceed
with the reading of the bill.
Mr. STEVENSON. I ask permission to
offer this amendment now, and have it printed
and referred to the Committee on Appropria-
tions.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Kentucky asks leave to offer an
amendment to this bill, to be printed and re-
ferred to the Committee on Appropriations.
The amendment will be received and referred,
if there be no objection.
The Chief Clerk continued the reading of
the bill.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Appropriations was on page 28, after line six
hundred and sixty-six, to insert:
For extending the inlets to the Senate Chamber
for fresh air to the lower terrace near the western
park, $10,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 28, afto
line six hundred and sixty-nine, to insert:
For eonsfcruotingcoal-vaalts within the open space
at the east front of the Capitol, between the wings
and the old building, 816,000; and for connecting the
Oapitol by telegraph, to be used solely for publie
business, with all the Departments of Government
in the city of Washington, $5,000, or.somueh thereof
as may be necessary, to be expended under the cti-
rection of the officer in charge of the public build-
ings and grounds,
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I desire to
add a proviso to this amendment:
Provided, That the immediate connection of the
wires with any of the public buildings shall be made
under ground, or in such manner as not to injure
the appearance of the Capitol or other pubiio build-
ings.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Now, in line
six hundred and seventy-five, before the word
" thousand," I move to strike out " five" and
insert "eight." I do not think $5,000 will
do this. If we have it done, it should be done
decently and in order; and we shall have to
provide apparatus for each Department as well
as the Capitol.
Mr. COLE. I would rather the Senator
would move to strikeout the word "all" after
the word "with." so as to read "with the
Departments of Government," &c., and let
the $5,000 go as far as it will this year and
test it. If it should not be enough we can
provide for the deficiency next year.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I hav® no
objection to striking oat the word "all," and
then it will leave only so much as may be
necessary.
Mr. COLE. I think $5,000 will answer the
purpose.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I do not
think it will, but perhaps it will.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment to the amendment.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Now, I move
to strike out the word "all," because part of
the Departments are not within reach.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The amendment as amended was agreed to.
The Chief Clerk continued the reading of
the bill.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Appropriations was on page 28, line six hun-
dred and seventy-nine, after the word " Capi-
tol," to strike out the words "and running
from Pennsylvania avenue to B street north
and south, to the line of the east front of the
Capitolso as to read :
For gradingand paving the streets and foot-ways
around the Capitol, and for improving the grounds
within that area, 5125,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 28, line
six hundred and eighty-two, to increase the
appropriation "for grading and paying the
streets and footways around the Capitol, and
for improving the grounds within that area,"
from $125,000 to $250,000.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I move to
amend the amendment by striking out " two"
and inserting uthree;" so as to make the ap-
propriation $350,000. I desire to say that if
it is intended to inclose and pave and finish the
streets all around the Capitol, it will take this
other $100,000. I have the estimates of the
officer in charge of the public buildings and
grounds setting forth in detail the cost of each
item, and he makes it out $375,60 i, with &
deduction of $26,892 that will have to be paid
by the holders of private property on the
adjacent boundary. I think the time has
arrived when we ought to complete the streets
around this Capitol and have them inclosed.
I trust, therefore, the Senate will be in favor
of making this additional appropriation, and
having at least within a year to come the
