1952
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28,
grounds about the Capitol look a little better
tban a common cattle-yard.
Mr. COLE. I think the appropriation pro-
posed in the amendment of the committee,
which is twice that proposed by the House of
Representatives, the House having put it at
$125,000, and we making it $250,000, is
ample for this work for one year. The Sena-
tor from Vermont need not flatter himself nor
entertain the hope that the work will be com-
pleted, no matter how much may be appro-
priated. There is no design of completing
anything about this Capitol, or to prevent there
being some repulsive sights as leverage by
which to obtain appropriations. Two hundred
and fifty thousand dollars is all that can be
well expended during the year, and I am posi-
tive about this from the fact that the grounds
on the two squares adjoining the east park are
not cleared, and cannot be cleared and settled
for improvement before the end of the time
for which this appropriation is made. I hope
the Senate will not concur in adding even yet
$100,000 to the large amount we are appro-
priating.
Mr. CAMERON. I am surprised that the
chairman of the Committee on Appropriations
should object to this amendment. We all
know that the improvement of Capitol Hill
and the improvement of the city of Washing-
ton has been retarded for fifteen years by just
such arguments as are this moment used by
the Senator from California. Gentlemen have
said you could not use during the year more
than the smallest sum proposed. Now let us
look back only a year ago. If we had had
a large enough appropriation made last year
we should have had all the unsightly buildings
on the adjoining squares torn down, we should
have had the ground clear, we sheuld have
had the green sod covering the whole space
around this building. There is no place in the
world where half so much money has been
expended in public buildings as here without
anything to adorn their surroundings.
It has often been said that the grounds
around the Capitol were a disgrace to the
nation. When we are away from Washington
we try to contradict this, and when we come
here we all say to ourselves that none of these
criticisms are so strong as they ought to have
been against the Government, and the gentle-
men here in the Senate and House who are
the representatives of the Government, and
who make and unmake the appropriations. In
one year, if you will give the appropriations
which the chairman of the Committee on
Public Buildings now asks, you will have all
this changed.
Fifty years ago Mr. Calhoun, by- his own
energy, fought the whole Senate to get an
appropriation of $30,000 to make that park
which is west of the Capitol building. Before
that the ground there was a barren waste, just
as it is on the right of us; but since that time
more than a generation has passed, and now
see the beauty of the trees. If you were to
ask a stranger now how old are these maples,
he would say seventy-five years. They are
not more than forty; it may be not more than
thirty-five years since they were planted. And
yet if it had not been for the great power Mr.
Calhoun had at that time, twenty years more
would not have seen those trees planted. I
went out myself here eight or ten years ago,
when the lamented Senator from Maine (Mr.
Fessenden) was chairman of the Committee
on Public Buildings and Grounds, and I told
him they were cutting down trees which thirty
years could not replace, and asked him to stop
it. He went down. Fifty trees stood at their
level, and he came there just to save five of
them, and those five are there yet. The man
who plants a tree must have some civilization
in his soul, and the man who would bring a
flower here and plant it around such a beauti-
ful building as this must have some poetry in
him; and the man or the woman without
poetry is not fit to live here or any place else.
Why should we not have all these surround-
ings covered with the green grass, which is so
delightful to the eye and to the heart of every-
body, in place of the solitary barren which we
now behold? What is $100,000 when you
know yon have to expend it in a certain
time? Why should you not act liberally and
give the $100,000 to day in place of giving in
driblets for ten years to come? The expend-
iture of the $100,000 in ten years is eaten up
in the expenses of superintendence and clerks
and the people who live on the money of the
Government. Give a large sum at once,
enough to complete the work, and you secure
immediate accountability, when everybody re-
members the responsibility put upon him and
expects to make a proper account.
I am in favor of this appropriation, and
would be if it was twice or thrice as much.
The chairman of this committee has studied
this subject well; he has been in charge of it;
and we all admit that he, aided by the extra-
ordinary ability of the gentleman who is now
superintendent, has done more for the city
in the last three years than was done in any
fifteen years before. I trust we shall make
the appropriation.
Mr. CONKLING. I shall vote without
hesitation for the amendment oifered by the
Senator from Vermont. We know nothing of
this, except that we have a Committee on
Public Buildings and Grounds whom I feel
very sure we can trust. I agree with the Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania that a wise man doing
this for himself would not spread the expendi-
ture over a long period of time for two reasons :
first, because he would want the advantage
and convenience of having the work completed ;
and second, as the Senator from Pennsylvania
hassaid,itisexpensiveand wanting in economy
to distribute a work over a long period of
time which can be done shortly.
But, Mr. President, I wish to say one word
about this matter for a reason connected with
one of the street-car companies, which those
of us who have no mode of travel except on
foot and in the people's carriage are interested
in. Like most of the members of the Senate,
I ride a good deal in the street cars of the F
Street Railway Company, and if I could find
time to go and see the superintendent of those
cars and of that road I should like to call his
attention to the fact thatlcannot get into their
cars unless I fight to do so. Wherever I en-
counter one of them, unless I am so near that
I might take the horse by the bit and arrest
him, the car passes me by, and there are no
gestures and there is no tone of voice which
ray lungs admit of which enables me to get on.
Accordingly, as I go out of here at night, some-
times running for my life for the privilege of
getting into one of those cars, and sometimes
by day, when the driver apparently can see and
does see those who beckon to him, it occurs to
me at times to get into the mud in the im-
mediate vicinity of this building, here on our
public grounds; I will not say how many inches
deep, but deep enough to make it very incon-
venient even for people who wear thick boots.
Now, if we are to run and catch on to these
cars by main force, I feel a little personal inter-
est in living to see the time when the pave-
ment, the sewer, the flagging, or whatever it is,
shall be completed, so that we shall not have
to wade or swim in order to catch an F street
car.
Mr. WILSON. You want to have it hap-
pen in your term.
Mr. CONKLING. As my friend says, I
should like to have it happen in my term,
which may be so brief that it will not happen ;
but for the benefit of those who are going to
be here I should like to have it occur some
time or other. Now I am willing to vote that
the_ chairman of the Committee on Public
Buildings and Grounds, who is a very practi-
cal and sagacious man, shall be permitted to
go on and do this work as fast as he thinks it
is economical to do it.
Mr. COLE. I do not know but that we have
made a mistake in raising this from $125,000
up to $250,000, and I am half inclined to think
that the Committee on Appropriations have
erred in that. In looking at the estimates I
find an estimate submitted for $125,000, which
estimate of course was submitted by the par-
ties having this matter in particular charge,
probably the chairman of the Committee on
Public Buildings and Grounds; and I think I
should be willing to acquiesce in a motion, if
anybody should make it, to disagree to the
amendment of the Committee on Appropria-
tions and put it as the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Public Buildings and Grounds in
his estimates fixed it originally.
Mr. SAWYER. I wish to say to my friend,
the chairman of the Committee on Appropria-
tions, that the $125,000 put in the bill by the
House was not intended to, cover the amount
of space which it is intended to cover by the
amendment of the Senator from Vermont, but
it came simply up to this side of the squares
which by an act of Congress of the last session
we agreed to buy. The present proposition is
to improve those two squares, the buildings
from which will be removed in the next six
months, to put all the grounds of the Capitol
in good condition and inclose them. So it is
not fair to say that we propose to make an
appropriation of $350,000 where the House
have made an appropriation of $125,000,
or that anybody has made an estimate of
$125,000. It is for a much larger area of
surface to be improved ; and, as my friend
from New York says, although I shall not
be here to enjoy it, I should like to see the
time when the pilgrim to the national Cap-
itol may approach it without going up to
his knees in mud.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. A single
word more. I have no interest in this matter
except that which every other Senator has ;
but I do not wish the Senate to misunderstand
the proposition. This is an amendment merely
to pave the streets on the exterior of the land
belonging to the Capitol in front, on the sides,
and in the rear, and it will take the whole
amount according to a careful estimate to do
this much in relation to the grounds. It was
not deemed proper to be done last year because
the grounds were not ready. That is the reason
why it was not done last year. Little or no
appropriation was made last year for this pur
pose. But now the ground upon this side is as
fit as it ever will be, and on the other side it
has settled this last year so that it will answer
at all events to put down a stone pavement;
and if it should settle after that again, the same
materials could be used, and it would be very
little expense to have it relaid. I do not
think it will settle very much. But, sir, I do
think it is discreditable to us not to have the
streets around the Capitol paved. I trust the
Senate will be willing to appropriate the full
amount required.
Mr. CORBETT. I am in favor of the ap-
propriation proposed by the Senator from
Vermont. I have been here now for six years
and these grounds have lain pretty much in the
same state during all that period. It is high
time that we had them fenced in, that we had
trees set out and growing. It takes time for
trees to grow and for the proper ornamenta-
tion of the grounds. It seems to me that the
time has arrived when those improvements
should be made. The sooner thpy are made,
the sooner the grounds will be beautified, and
when the trees shall have grown and the grounds
thus improved, they will be commensurate
with the Capitol building. Although I shall
not be here to enjoy this, yet when I return to
the city, if I ever do, I desire to see trees and
walks and grounds ornamenting this Capitol
and beautifying it so that every one who visits
our national Capitol shall be proud of it. I
hope the appropriation will be made.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on agreeing to the amendment to the
