1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
31
has live-oak timber on hand and there is not a
private yard that has.
Mr. HALE. That is the point. The Govern-
ment, I understand, has not any large amount
of live-oak timber on hand equal to the de-
mand caused by building these ten vessels.
Mr. ARCHER. I will say that the Govern-
ment now has sufficient seasoned live-oak tim-
ber on hand to build fifteen sloops such as
these.
Mr. HALE. My information is entirely
opposed to that; but admitting that as true, that
the American private builder would not be
able to build five of these vessels as well as
and much .more cheaply than the Government
is a proposition that 1 will not harbor for one
moment.
There is another reason why I offer this
amendment. I do not propose to take all
these vessels away from the Government yards.
My amendment leaves half to be built there.
Gentlemen will admit that it is a debatable
question where vessels can be built cheapest
and best for us. I appeal to gentlemen, what
better way is there in which to settle this than
by allowing half of these vessels to be built in
Government yards and half in private yards?
You will have both methods proceeding with
equal pace if they have equal merit. If one
has superior merit it will get out ahead.
These hve vessels put into private yards will
all be watched by the Secretary of the Navy,
by his engineers, plans will be furnished and
models examined, and every step of the enter-
prise will be scrupulously watched. It will
only be the question of expense and dis-
patch, that is all. I know that in that regard
the American builder outside of the navy-
yards is not to be beaten by the Government.
There is another thing that the amendment
does, and I am free to own that that is a con-
sideration which has a great deal of weight on
my own mind. There has been a good deal
said and something done by Congress in the
direction of aiding American ship-builders.
My colleague [Mr. Lynch] is in favor of all
projects that tend in that direction. Here
are five large vessels or comparatively large
vessels to be built, and here is an opportunity
to encourage American industry in American
Bbip-yards to the extent of this work. That is
certainly an important consideration. The
stimulus given would be great and at a saving
to the Government. The nations of the world
have been rapidly coming to this position.
England for years has built its war vessels
mainly in privateyards. Mr. Laird built ves-
sels for the British admiralty thirty years ago,
and has been building ever since. The
f^rench Government builds its vessels largely
in privateyards of England on contract. The
German Government is about starting the
construction of a great navy and will build in ]
the same way. The only exception which I ;
know of is that presented by imperial Russia.
There everything is done under the strong
hand of the Government, and expense is a
matter of no account, because the people
have little or no voice as to taxation and
the burdens that are laid upon them. But
here is the opportunity furnished us in this
bill for the encouragement of what has been
a prostrate American industry, not in the
shape of bounties, to which so many of our
friends of the West and perhaps of other sec-
tions of the country object, but in a legitimate
fashion aiding the American ship-builder by
this Government benefaction in the same line
that other nations pursue. Here is the place,
now is the time to test it. I believe it will give
us good ships in quicker time at vastly less
expense.
Why, Mr. Speaker, the $8,000,000 which
the Navy Department has spent, under its
compelled system of repairing old vessels to
keep them afloat, would have built and put on
the waters of the globe one hundred and more
of merchant vessels of one thousand tons each.
T am blaming nobody for this expenditure. It
has always been so and always will be so
under the present system.
Mr. SCOFIELD. If the gentleman from
Maine will allow me a word in relation to the
| propriety of building in private yards, I wish
, to ask whether I rightly understood him to say
that the Ohio was built for the United States
in a private yard ?
Mr. HALE. No, Bir.
Mr. SCOFIELD. It was built originally
for the United States. It was built for our
Government in our Government yard at New
York. The builder who constructed it, hav-
ing left the service of the Navy, afterward
built the Hudson for some foreign Govern-
ment. The war coming on, we got that; and
that vessel, built outside for tome foreign Gov-
ernment, but which we obtained, turned out to
be worthless and in a few years was rotten,
while the one built in our own yard by the same
naval constructor when he was in the employ-
ment of the United States turned out to be a good
vessel. My attention was not particularly
directed at the time to what the gentleman
said, but I understood him to make out that
the vessel built in the Government yard turned
out to be bad, and the other built for a foreign
Government turned out to be good.
Mr. HALE. I may have mistaken the name
of the vessel. The vessel I alluded to was
built for a foreign Government and afterward
taken by our Government, and, as I am in-
formed, proved one of the best vessels in the
American Navy.
Mr. SCOFIELD. The fact, as I have stated,
is, that the Ohio, built by this constructor,
Mr. Eckford, while in the employ of the United
States, turned out to be good, and the Hudson,
built outside by the same man for a foreign
Government, turned outto be almost worthless.
That is the information I have.
Mr. LYNCH. Will my colleague [Mr.
Hale] allow me to ask him a single question ?
Mr. HALE. Certainly.
Mr. LYNCH. I understood my colleague
to say that the cost of these vessels would
come up as high as $10,000,000 if they should
be built in the navy-yards. I want to call his
attention to the fact that the same class of ves-
sels built during the war, at a time when the
cost of labor and material was much higher
than now, was $400,000 when built in the
navy-yards.
Mr. HALE. I am only following what is
the invariable rule, that the Original appro-
priation asked for vessels built in Govern-
ment yards has always been duplicated or
triplicated. That the record will show. I am
sure of it.
Mr. DICKEY. I would ask the gentleman
if that is confined to the building of vessels?
Mr. HALE. No; it is not by any means.
Mr. L. MYERS. I only desire to say that
I think in the effort to build alitor some of
these vessels in Governmentyards—and I hope
that at least half of them will be so built—there
is no need of depreciating the work done in
private yards. Ihere have been no greater
successes in the Navy than the Ohio, the
Monadnack, and the Kearsarge, built in Gov-
ernment yards, I believe, and no greater suc-
cess than the New Ironsides, which was built
in my own district at a private yard.
Mr. KERR obtained the floor.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. DAWES. I desire to ask the House
to go into Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union for a few minutes, for the pur-
pose of distributing the President's message ;
but before doing go I will yield to my colleague,
[Mr. Hoar,] who has a resolution which he
desires to offer.
Mr. KERR. I suppose the morning hour
has expired.
The SPEAKER. It has, but the gentleman
will be entitled to the floor when the bill next
comes up.
Mr. PLATT. I would inquire if this closes
the morning hour and puts the bill over until
to-morrow?
The SPEAKER. It does, unless the House
shall resume its consideration after they come
out of Committee of the Whole on the stateof
the Union.
Mr. PLATT. Is this a question of higher
• privilege?
The SPEAKER. The morning hour having
i expired the motion to go into Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union is of
| course privileged.
J pay of a page.
Mr. HOAR, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution ; which was
read, considered, and agreed to :
i Resolved. That there be paid out of the contingent
fund of this House to the father of Leverett Hooper,
a page, who died a few days after the close of the
last session of Congress, with typhoid fever con-
, tracted while in the service of the House, a sum
, equal to the pay of said page for three months and
i his proper funeral expenses.
president's annual message.
I Mr. DAWES. I now move that the rules
be suspended and the House resolve itself into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union upon the President's annual message.
The motion was agreed to ; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
Stevenson in the chair,) and proceeded to the
consideration of the annual message of the
President of the United States.
Mr. DAWES. I suppose it is not necessary
to move to dispense with the reading of the
message, and I offer for adoption the follow-
ing resolutions:
Resolved, That so much of the annual message of
the President of the United States to the two Houses
of Congress at the present session, together with ac-
companying documents, as relates to finance and
taxation, to the receipts into the Treasury, the
revision of the tariff and internal revenue laws, to
the publio debt and public credit, and to the ways
and means of supporting and meeting the liabilities
of the Government, be referred to the Committee of
Ways and Means.
Resolved, That so much of said message and docu-
ments as relates to the necessary appropriation for
carrying on the Government in its several depart-
ments, to deficiencies in appropriations, to special
appropriation for reimbursement to the govern-
ment of the Territory of the District of Columbia of
moneys expended for improvements around prop-
erty of the General Government in the said District,
and for appropriations for further improvements in
the said Distnot of Columbia, and in relation to a
postal telegraph, be referred to the Committee on
Appropriations.
Resolved, That so much of said message and docu-
ments as relates to banks and banking and currency
be referred to the Committee on Banking and Cur-
rency.
Resolved, That so much of said message and docu-
ments as relates to commerce and navigation be
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Resolved., That so much of said message and
documents as relates to the public domain be
referred to the Committee on the Publio Lands.
Resolved, That so much of said message and
documents as relates to the Post Office Department,
to land Or coast mail service, or ocean mail service,
be referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Eoads.
Resolved, That so much of said message and
documents as relates to the courts and judiciary, and
to the Department of Justice, be referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
Resolved, That so much of said message and
documents as relates to the public expenditures be
referred to the Committee on Public Expenditures.
Resolved, That so much of said message and
documents as relates to agriculture and the Depart-
ment of Agriculture be referred to the Committee
on Agriculture.
Resolved, That so much of said message and doc-
uments as relates to Indian Affairs be referred to
the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Resolved, That so much of said message and docu-
ments as relates to the Army of the United States,
and to seacoast improvements, be referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
Resolved, That so much of said message and docu-
ments as relates to the Navy of the United Statei
be referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Resolved, That so much of said message and the
accompanying documents and correspondence as
relates to foreign affairs, and all questions arising
from treaties with other Governments, be referred
to the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
Resoivea, That so much of said message and docu-
ments as relates te the Territories of the United
States be referred to the Committee on Territories.
Resolved, That so much of said message and docu-
ments as relates to pensions and the Pension Bureau
lie referred to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
