32
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 4,
Besolotd, That so much of said message and docu-
ments as relates to patents anil the Patent Offico bo
referred to the Committee on Patents.
That so much of said message and docu-
ments as relates to expenditures in connection with
the St.ite Department be referred to the Committee
on Expenditures in the State Department.
Hewlett!, Ttiat so much of said message and docu-
ments as relates to expenditures in connection with
the Treasury Department be referred to the Com-
mittee on Expenditures in the Treasury Depart-
ment.
Resolved, That so much of said message and docu-
ments as relates to the expenditures ill connection
with the War Department be referred to the Com-
mittee on Expenditures in the War Department.
J'esohed, That so much of said message and docu-
ments as relates to the expenditures in connection
with the Navy Department be referred to the Com-
mittee on Expenditures in the Navy Department.
Resolved, That so much of said message and docu-
ments as relates to expenditures in connection with
the Post Office Department be referred to the Com-
mittee on Expenditures in the Post Office Depart-
ment.
J!c>ol*ed, That so much of s id message and docu-
ments as relates to expenditures in connection with
the Department of the Interior be referred to the
Committee 011 Expenditures in the Interior Depart-
ment.
Resolved, That so much of said message and docu-
ment as relates to the militia be referred to the
Committee on the Militia.
Resolved, That so much of said message and docu-
ments as relates to roads and canals be referred to
the Committee on Railways and Canals.
It en dved. That so much of the said message and
documents as relates to the Territory of the District
of Columbia be referred to the Committee for the
District of Columbia.
Eeoolvtd, That so much of said message and docu-
ments as relates to coinage, weights, and measures
be referred to the Committee on Coinage, Weights,
and Measures.
Resolved. That so much of said message and docu-
uments as relates to insurrection in some of the
States be referred to the joint Committee on the
Insurrectionary States.
Resolved, That so much of the said message and
documents as relates to the Bureau of Education be
referred to the Committee on Education and Labor.
Resolved, That so much of the said message and
documents as relates to a reform in the civil service
of the country be referred to the select Committee
on the Reorganization of the Civil Service of the
Government.
Retolved, That so much of said message and docu-
ments as relates to the iHiblic buildings and the
buildings and grounds in the District of Columbia
be referred to the Committee on Public Buildings
and Grounds.
Resolved, That so much of said message and docu-
ments as relates to the centennial celebration be
referred to a select committee of five members, to be
appointed by the Speaker.
Mr. WOOD. The only resolution in the
series offered by the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. DawesJ to which I take ex-
ception is that which refers the postal tele-
graph question to the Committee on Appropri-
ations. If I understand the legitimate duties
of that committee, they are to investigate the
necessity for, and to report, appropriations to
be made by Congress where they are required
in pursuance of existing law. This great
question of the acquisition by the General Gov-
ernment of a monopoly of the telegraph system
of the United States involves a great many
other questions and principles than those re-
lating to the appropriations of money.
Now, although 1 am aware that at the last
session of Congress the Committee on Appro-
priations did obtain some kind of jurisdiction
over that question, yet for the life of me I have
never been able to see the force or propriety
of it.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. If the gentle-
man will allow me, I will say that, at the last
session of Congress, I for one very earnestly
resisted having thesubjectof postal telegraphs
referred to the Committee on Appropriations.
The chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means bad introduced a series of resolutions
corresponding to those now under considera-
tion, one of which proposed to raise a select
committee to which this subject should be
referred. I did all I could to have it referred
to a select committee, but I was overborne,
and the House by a very large vote directed
it to be sent to the Committee on Appropri
ations. It has been there for a year, and a
great deal has been done by the committee in
the way of its consideration.
Mr. WOOD. I know that the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Garfield] would have been
very glad to have his committee relieved from
the difficulty and labor of this investigation,
because we all know that that committee is
the most important committee of this House,
and has a vast amount of labor to perform in
the discharge of its legitimate duties. This
important question, now looming up in this
country, must demand a great deal of labor
and time in its examination. Therefore I
have risen at this time merely for the purpose
of asking the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means [Mr. Dawes] if it would not
be well to refer that part of the President's
message to a select committee, or to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads ?
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Chairman, it will be
recollected, as the chairman of the Committee
on Appropriations [Mr. Garfield] states,
that it was proposed at the last session to
refer this matter to a select committee; but
there was great opposition to that proposition,
and after much discussion the House, by a
very large majority, sent the subject to the
Committee on Appropriations. That com-
mittee has had the matter under considera-
tion, and is now at work upon it. It seemed,
therefore, wise to let the subject remain where
it is, as all the work the Committee on Appro-
priations has done would go for nothing if
the question were now sent to a special com-
mittee. I do not know anything about the
conclusions or tendencies of the Committee
on Appropriations, but for the reason I have
given it was thought best to leave the subject
with that committee.
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. I wish to sub-
mit but a single suggestion. At the time
of the discussion to which allusion has been
made I submitted the motion to refer this
subject to the Committee on Appropriations.
I did so for reasons whieh I then gave. In
view of the very large amount of money that
would be required to carry out the project, I
believed that the Committee on Appropria-
tions, organized as it was, would be less
likely to encourage anything of that kind than
any select committee that might be appointed,
and after a long and full discussion the sub-
ject was sent to that committee. After the
very large amount of "work the committee has
bestowed upon the question, I hope it will
not be transferred to another committee, be-
cause I believe the Committee on Appropria-
tions will give more care to the subject than
any new committee that may be appointed.
Mr. WOOD. Mr. Chairman, I shall not
press my point in reference to this question ;
but I desire to enter my protest against allow-
ing to any standing committee, restricted by
the rules to a special subject, jurisdiction over
general legislation. After a bill shall have
passed Congress providing for carrying out
this object^ it will then be time enough for the
Committee on Appropriations to enter upon
an investigation as to the propriety of voting
money for it; but I am opposed to giving any
standing committee of this House such extra-
ordinary power as the pending proposition, if
regarded as precedent, would seem to warrant.
I only submit to the gentleman, from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Dawes] the propriety of making
some other disposition of the question.
Mr. DAWES. I agree with the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Wood] in his general
views; but it would seem idle to refer the
same subject to one committee during one
session and to a new committee at another
session. If this were a new question I would
go with the gentleman, as I did last session,
in favor of some other reference ; but inas-
much as this committee has made some pro-
gress in the examination of the subject, I think
it should be continued in the same hands. I
agree with the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr.
Beck] that if there is any committee of the
House whose whole tendencies, from the
nature of its duties, should be to hold back in
the matter of public expenditures, it must be
the Committee on Appropriations, and I think
this is illustrated by the present committee as
well as, if not better than, by any previous
committee of which I have had knowledge.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I desire to put
an inquiry to the gentleman from Massachu-
setts, [Mr. Dawes.] I see that in these reso-
lutions no specific mention is made of the dis-
tribution of the Alabama award. I desire to
ask the gentleman whether he thinks it best
to refer that subject to some committee, or
whether some pending action of the Govern-
ment, which will be developed by and by, will
facilitate the disposition of this subject?
Mr. DAWES. I will say, Mr. Chairman,
that the reason the Alabama aw&rd was not
specifically named is that it has come to be
known that a bill is in preparation at the State
Department to be submitted to Congress, and
the character of that measure when it comes
in will better determine the reference of the
subject than can be done now. There appear
to be some reasons why this matter should go
to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and some
reasons why it should go to the Judiciary Com-
mittee. It was thought best to let the subject
pass by until the character of the distribu-
tion proposed by the Government should be
developed.
Mr. RANDALL. Mr. Chairman, I was one
of those who at the last session of Congress
resisted the appointment of a select commit-
tee for the consideration of this telegraphic
question. Without knowing, of course, what
motives may have actuated the votes of other
members, I can state my own motive in the
course I then took. When a subject is re-
ferred to a special committee, it is customary
to appoint a committee favorable to the pro-
ject proposed. Hence, in this instance, had
the House authorized a select committee, it
would have been incumbent on the Speaker
to appoint a committee favorable to the pro-
ject, as he and previous Speakers have done
in reference to the Pacific railroads. Hence,
I at that time favored the reference of this
question, in the first instance, to the commit-
tee to which, in my judgment, the subject
legitimately belonged, the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads; but observing a
disposition in the House to refer it to the Com-
mittee on Appropriations, I readily acquiesced
in that reference. I am one of those who
thought the proposition to keep it there was
wise. As has been said, the Committee on
Appropriations has been organized with a view
not to spend any money which can be avoided.
Therefore I am not in favor of any change. 1
prefer not to change the resolution as reported
from the Committee of Ways and Means, as I
do not wish any select committee raised for
the special benefit of this matter. It will go
to the Committee on Appropriations, where
it will receive that just consideration which it
ought to have.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Chairman, I wish to
modify the last resolution by making the num-
ber of the select committee seven instead of
five.
Mr. NIBLACK. Mr. Chairman, before the
vote is taken on the adoption of the resolu-
tions, I wish to say a word on the subject of
the proposed purchase of telegraph lines by
the Government. In a former session of Con-
gress, when the gentleman from Kentucky
[Mr. Beck] made his motion that the matter
should be referred to the Committee on Appro-
priations, rather than to a select committee, I
supported the motion, and gave my reasons for
doing so at the time. I still adhere to that
position, but for this occasion only. The mat-
ter having gone to the Committee on Appro-
priations, and a great deal of the time of that
committee having been bestowed on it—and I
have been sometimes apprehensive to the
exclusion of other business which more legiti-
mately belonged to it—I now think that
whatever reference is made for whatever re-
mains of this Congress should be continued to
be made to the Committee on Appropriations,
