1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
195=7
to strike out "in addition to former appropria-
tions, §10,000," and insert "$30,000;" so as
to make the clause read :
For completing the light-house at PointSan Pablo,
California, $30,000; and the light-house may be bailt
at Points,'in Pablo, or at such point in the near
vicinity as the Light-House Board may select.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. I am not dis-
posed to make any opposition to this; but I
should like to call the attention of the chair-
man to these two items increasing the amount
of the appropriation over the amountprovided
by the House. I am not here to oppose it, but
I am only in review calling the attention of the
chairman to the fact and showing him how
generous I am toward the Pacific coast, and
that I am not disposed to raise any opposition,
because I believe the chairman in his good
judgment with the consideration of the com-
mittee had the matter in charge and know bet-
ter than I do, and when they ask an increased
appropriation for this point I am disposed to
grant it because I believe they are seeking the
public interest. In the same way in asking for
appropriations for places that have escaped
their attention, I do not want their attention so
filled up with these places as to lose sight of
others of equal importance. I do this with the
greatest kindness, and I trust the chairman
will take it in the same light.
Mr. COLE. I do; and I have to say that the
recommendations for these places have been
made for successive years; and in relation to
the last, that at San Pablo, an appropriation
was made two years ago of $25,000 for that,
which is the former appropriation referred to
in line niife hundred and thirty-two, and the
bill in addition to that proposed to appropriate
§10,000 more, which would be $3-5,000, but
instead of going upon the recommendation, the
committee, without any dissent on my part, cut
it down $5,000. It is really $5,000 less than
was recommended.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. But $20,000
more than the bill.
Mr. COLE. No, sir, it is $5,000 less than
is recommended, by the Department for the
work.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. I read here,
■" for completing the light-house at San Pablo,
California, in addition to former appropria-
tions, $10,000," in the text, and the Commit-
tee on Appropriations strike out " ten " and
insert " thirty."
Mr. COLE. That former appropriation
though was $25,000, and $10,000 added'to that
makes $35,000.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. I am speak-
ing about the bill as reported from the House.
I do not know what has been done heretofore,
If there was more appropriated heretofore,
that would be a reason for striking out, be-
cause you have had so much ; but the true
course would be if you have appropriated so
much to give enough to make the improvement
permanent. I am in favor of this motion be-
cause we should complete what has been com-
menced.
Mr. COLE. It is due that I should say that
the Light-House Board have so far been unable
to obtain a site, and proceedings have been in
court for a year to obtain a site for the light
house. The reason why the appropriation has
not been used, although it is in a place where
there is very great necessity for a light-house,
is that they could not obtain a site, though 1
think they can get it now. The money of
course will be covered into the Treasury if
they do not, as the $25,000 has been covered
into the Treasury, that appropriation having
been made two years ago.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. I raise no objec-
tion.
Mr. COLE. I suppose not.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line nine hun-
dred and forty-one, after the words " Washing-
ton Territory," to insert "or at such other
paint, in Paget Sound as the Light-House
Board may elect; " so as to make the clause
read:
For light-house at Point-no-Point, Puget sound,
Washington Territory, or at such other point in
Puget sound as the Light-House Board may elect,
$25,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line nine hun-
dred and forty-six, in the clause making ap-
propriations for building a steam tender for
engineers' constructions and repairs, and for
inspection in the Tenth district, Lakes Erie
and Ontario, and river St. Lawrence, to
increase the appropriation from $50,000 to
$90,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line nine hun-
dred and fifty-three, to strike out the words
"and hereafter" and insert "and the"; in
line nine hundred and fifty-four, after the word
" appropriations" insert " made in this act; "
in line nine hundred and fifty-five strike out the
words "dates of the acts of appropriations"
and insert "date of this act, and until June
30, 1875; so as to read:
For a steam fog-signal at the entrance to Hum-
boldt bay, California, $10,000; and the light-house
appropriations made in this act for special objects
shall be available from the date of this act. and
until June 30, 1875, and appropriations for light-
house purposes shall be available for expenditure
for two years after acts of Legislatures ceding juris-
diction over sites, and in case no such act is required,
for two years from the date of any appropriation.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out,
commencing in line nine hundred and sixty-
three, the following proviso:
And provided further, That the unexpended
balances of appropriations for special works under
the Light-House Board made by the aet approved
June 10,1872, entitled "An act making appropria-
tions for sundry civil expenses of the Government
for the fiscal year ending June 30,1873, and for other
purposes," are hereby reappropriated for the pur-
poses therein specified.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I hope the Senate will
not agree to this extraordinary recommenda-
tion of the Committee on Appropriations to
open this matter of lapsed appropriations. As
I said a little while ago; in another part of the
bill, the Committtee on Appropriations and
the Senate and the House of Representatives,
with the concurrence of the Departments, have
swept out at this evening session the last relic
of this contrivance by which frauds may be
perpetrated upon the Treasury of having
appropriations run over the regular years and
the regular limitations of the general law.
For two or three years after we had stopped it
on the legislative bill, and after we had stopped
it on several other bills, it was said as to the
Indian bill that the Indian affairs could not
get on without an opportunity to expend their
money after the appropriations regularly should
have lapsed; but this year, upon a fair presenta-
tion of the question and aconsultation with the
heads of the Indian Bureau and of the Indian
commission, that body of eminent and high-
minded citizens who, serving without pay,
undertaking to protect the poor red men while
at the same time they protect the Treasury, it
was agreed that the wise and honest course
was to limit those appropriations like all
others.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Will the Sen-
ator allow me a word ? I understand that he
is laboring under a mistake. The committee
really did not recommend anything of that
sort, and the motion of the committee was not
what he supposes. Though I was not in com-
mittee at the time, I am advised by the mem-
bers of the committee that their proposition
was simply to make the money available from
the date of this act.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Ah, Mr, President, that
is quite a different question. There is not the
slightest objection to making any of these
appropriations available after the passage of
the act. That is perfectly right, wherever it
. is convenient, but the point is, for the safety
! of the people and Of the Treasury, that there
should be a termination, that a balance should
be struck, and that great balances shall not
from year to year accumulate from one item
to another which may be drawn upon without
the representatives of the people and of the
States knowing anything about it. if it is the
idea of the committee I concur with, them
entirely, and I need not expend any time,
therefore, in debating the proposition. /
The VICE PRESIDENT. The preposition
of the committee is to strike out the proviso
which allows unexpended balances to be reap-
propriated.
Mr. COLE. The Senator does not objeot
to that.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Yes, sir; that is one of
the things I do object to. I am entirely willing
that the appropriations which are made in this
bill shall be available from this moment, be-
cause it does not matter for the safety of tie
Treasury how soon the expenditure of the
money is begun; but it does matter whether
we are to appropriate in a general way in t&ese
bills unexpended balances without knowing
what they are, without their being stated in the
bill, because then we come substantially to the
same sad grief that we have come to in respect
to appropriations made in the other way.
Mr. WINDOM. I agree with the Senator
from Vermont fully ki his idea ; but if. he will
read the provision carefullv, he will find' that
it is not as he supposes. This elause provides
that light-house appropriations shail be avail-
able for expenditure for two years after the
acts of the Legislatures ceding jurisdiction are
passed. That which provides for their being
available at once is stricken out.
Mr. COLE. I wish to know exactly what
the position is.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Secre-
tary will read again the proviso in the House
bill which the committee propose to strike out.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is a misprint I suppose.
The Chief Clerk. It is proposed to strike
out, commencing in line nine hundred atid
sixty-three, the following words:
And provided further. That the unexpended bal-
ances of appropriations for special worts under the
Light-House Board made by the aot approved June
10,1872, entitled "An aot making appropriations for
sundry civil expenses of the Government for the
fiscal year ending June 30,1873, and for other par-
poises," are hereby reappropriated for the purposes
therein specified.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It is proposed to strike
that provision out
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That lata for; butthere
is another part of the bill which we shall come
to presently, which opens the very question I
have been speaking of.
Mr. COLE. The Senator is mistaken as to
the other proposition, I think. At the top of
the page, line nine hundred and fifty-seven,
brackets should be inserted to include the
word "and" and down to the next bracket
including all that clause. All the paragraph
is to be stricken out from the end of the wows
in italics at the top of the page. If the Sen-
ator objects to those words, I shall be ready to
hear him.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I see now that we seem
to have got by the point in the rapidity with
which we have marched ; and I do not object
to rapidity by any means; we seem to have
got over lines nine hundred and fifty-two to
nine hundred and fifty-seven. On lines nine
hundred and fifty-two to nine hundred and
fifty-seven we do make the change to which I
was directing the attention of the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sena
tor desire action to be had on those lines, as
they were disposed of sub xiltnlio t
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That amend-
ment, then, is before the Senate.
Mr, EDMUNDS. The committee have pro-
vided in these lines, if Senators will be kind
enough to give their attention to it, that the
standing law of regular appropriation and of
