THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 31,
moment that when Great Brittain is enjoying
ninety per cent, of a commerce of $325,000,000
per annum she is struggling to break down a
commerce which is only one half of one per
cent, of that amount? -1 believe Great Britain
understands her interests better than that, and
I hope that the American Senate and the
American Congress will understand the inter-
ests of this people better than to take money
out of the public Treasury to establish a line
of steamers, where the commerce between the
two countries is not exchangeable and cannot
"be exchanged profitably.
Mr. President, this is a struggle against all
the laws of trade ; it is against the current of
business; it is against wind and water and every
power except that which would put its hand in
tho public Treasury to sustain men in doing a
private business.
the farragut statue.
Mr. ANTHONY. I ask unanimous con-
sent to introduce a joint resolution which
must be passed to-day or it will be too late.
The Senate is aware that propositions have
been made for models of a colossal statue of
Farragut, and to-morrow,is the day on which
the Committees on Public Buildings and
Grounds are to select among them. One has
been sent from Italy by Mr. Randolph Rogers,
whose works are well known in this country,
who modeled the beautiful bronze doors in the
other wing of the Capitol, and whose monu-
ments to the soldiers are erected in several
places. It has not yet arrived; it ought to
have arrived, and it is not his fault, and I am
sure that all his brother artists who would
compete for this great honor would be willing
to give hira a fair chance with them. There-
fore, I offer a joint resolution to extend the
time for receiving the models.
There being no objection, leave was granted
to introduce a joint resolution (S. R. No. 12)
extending the time for the presentation and
selection of models for a statue of the late
Admiral Farragut; and it was read twice, and
considered as in Committee of the Whole.
The joint resolution provides that the time
for the presentation of models for a colossal
statue of the late Admiral Farragut, and the
time for the selection therefrom by the Com-
mittees on Public Buildings and Grounds of
the Senate and House of Representatives, shall
be extended until the 1st day of March, 1873.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I desire to
say that it is a matter of perfect indifference
to me whether this resolution shall pass or
not. I shall regret it very much if the model
of Mr. Rogers shall not be presented in time,
for I understand him to be a very successful
and distinguished artist. The only query that
occurs to my mind is whether it is quite just to
the other competitors who will be here and
are here now with their models. This has
already been postponed one month. I merely
make this suggestion for the consideration of
the Senate, and I do not desire to give any
expression of opinion myself on the subject.
Mr. ANTHONY. I am sure that no artist
who has the generous feelings which art in-
spires would wish to take advantage of the
delay of the express company in this model
arriving here, and exclude Mr. Rogers from
fair competition with the others.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Why does it
not answer the purpose of the Senator to allow
the artists who are hereto be heard to-morrow
or at the time fixed, and then allow the com-
mittee to receive this model when it comes ?
Mr. AN1HONY. I have no objection to
that. All I want is that this man, who is an
American artist, who has rendered high honor
to the American name by his productions in
bronze and in marble, should have a chance to
present the model, which he has already sent
with all the others. '
Mr, MORRILL, of Maine. Then I suggest
that the resolution be modified so as to allow
the committee to receive this model when it
comes.
Mr. ANTHONY. It amounts to precisely
the same thing.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Except that it
gives them an opportunity to receive models
which are presented for to-morrow, without
requiring these people to wait. 1
Mr. ANTHONY. The committee can meet
to-morrow and decide upon the best model
that is presented, and allow that alone to
compete with Mr. Rogers's. The resolution
answers the purpose of the Senator from Maine
entirely, I think.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont., I think the
Senator from Rhode Island is wrong in his
construction of the resolution. It would really
postpone the consideration of the whole sub-
ject for a month.
Mr. ANTHONY. What is the harm of
that? The committee want to have all the
models before them.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I suggest to
the.Senator that there is this harm : there are
artists here from a considerable distance wait-
ing to appear before the committee, some from
New York and some from Cincinnati. I only
make the suggestion to have the Senate do
what is right and proper under the circum-
St&DC6S
Mr. ANTHONY. I will submit to any
modification which will accomplish ray pur-
pose, which is to do justice to everybody. It
is certainly no more than fair that an Amer-
ican artist resident abroad, who has sent this
work home to his country on the invitation of
Congress, and which, through ho fault of his
own, has arrived in time, should not be pre-
vented from entering into the competition.
That eertainly is a greater injury than that
an artist who has come here with his model
shall have to go home and come back again
at the end of a month. Has the Senator from
Maine prepared a modification?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I can make a
suggestion that will obviate the difficulty.
Mr. ANTHONY. Let the Senator reduce it
to writing.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Let the resolu-
tion he modified by adding this proviso:
Provided, That tho models already before the said
committees may bo acted upon before tho day fixed
by this resolution, without nrejudiceto any that may
be received before the said 1st day of March.
Mr. ANTHONY. That will cover the ground,
I think.
Mr. STOCKTON. I do not see why they
should not be acted upon. They could be
examined and considered. Wc might hear
what these gentlemen might have to say in
explanation.
Mr. ANTHONY. That is action. It is not
final action. I will strike out the words '1 acted
upon" and insert "considered."
The amendment was agreed to.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate as amended, and the amendment was
concurred in.
The joint resolution was ordered to be
engrossed for a third reading, read the third
time, and passed.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the bill (S. No.
1317) to provide for the holding of additional
terms of the circuit court of the United States
for the southern district of New York.
The message also announced that the House
had passed a resolution for the printing of two
thousand copies of the illustrated report of
the Light-House Board.
The message further announced that tho
House had agreed to the resolution of the
Senate for the printing of seven thousand
additional copies of the report and accompa-
nying maps of the Darien surveying expedi-
tion, with an amendment; in which it requested
the concurrence of the Senate.
The message further announced that the
House had passed the following bills ; in which
it requested the concurrence of the Senate:
A bill (H. R. No. 3721) for the relief of the
widow of Alexander F. Crosman, deceased,
late commander United States Navy;
A bill (H. R. No. 3722) to remove the disa-
bilities of A. B. Hardcastle, of Mississippi; and
A bill (H. R. No. 3352) making appropria-
tions for the. construction, preservation, and
repairs of certain fortifications and other works
of defense.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed the following enrolled
bills ; and they were thereupon signed by the
Vice President:
A bill (H. R, No. 309) authorizing the Sec-
retary of the Treasury to refund certain moneys
to James O. P. Burnside ;
A bill (H. R. No. 2903) for the relief of
James F. Casey, collector of the port of New-
Orleans ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1808) for the relief of H.
H. Meredith, late postmaster at Wade, Bed-
ford county, Virginia;
A bill (H. R. No. 2414) granting a pension
to Mrs. Abigail Chaplin;
A bill (H. R. No. 2499) granting a pension
to Mary A. Miller ;
A bill (H. R. No. 2596) granting a pension
to Daniel Wooden;
A bill (H. R. No. 2452) granting a pension
to Abigail Stukey;
A bill (H. R. No. 2544) granting a pension
to Robert G. Wilson;
A bill (H. R. No. 2525) granting a pension
to Lucinda Thompson;
A _ bill (H. R. No. 2503) granting a pension
to Richard B. Crawford;
A bill (H. R. No. 2487) granting a pension
to Elizabeth Black;
A bill (H. R. No. 2514) granting a pension
to Rosa Hoon ;
A bill (H. R. No. 2510) granting a pension
to Amos Farling;
A bill (H. R. No. 2512) granting a pension
to Susan W. Mechem ;
A bill (H. R. No. 2511) granting a pension
to Garrett Flemming;
A bill (H. R. No. 2513) granting a pension
to Mary O'Donald ; and
A bill (H. R. No. 1562) for the relief of
Captain Brice X. Blair, postmaster at Hunt-
ingdon, Pennsylvania.
australian steamship line.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (S. No.
49)_ authorizing the establishment of ocean
mail steamship service between the United
States and Australia.
Mr. CHANDLER. I desire to offer an
amendment, in the nature of a substitute of
the bill now under consideration, and on that
I wish to be heard.
Mr. SHERMAN. That amendment being
pending, as I wish to submit a motion to take
up Senate bill No. 1313, I move that this bill
lie on the table for the present. I take it the
Senate are not prepared now to take final
action on this subsidy bill.
Mr. CHANDLER. I am ready to speak
now or at any future time. I shall abide the
action of the Senate; but it is immaterial to
me whether I speak now or at some other
time.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Steves-
son in the chair.) The amendment of the
Senator from Michigan will be read.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment of
Mr. Chandler, which was to strike out all
after the enacting clause of the bill and in lieu
thereof to insert the following:
That the Postmaster General, by and with the
consent of the President, is hereby authorized and
