1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
999
directed to contract with tho lowest bidder, within
three months after tho passage of this act, after sixty
days' public notice, for a term often years from and
after the 1st of July, 1874, for the transportation of
the mails between the port of San Francisco, in the
United States, to some port or ports in Australia
and New Zealand, touching at the port of Honolulu,
in the Sandwich Islands, the port of Pago Pago, in
the Navigator's Islands, and at such other port or
ports in other islands of the Pacific ocean as may
become necessary for coaling or other supplies, once
in four weeks, making thirteen round voyages per
annum, by means of aline of first-class soa-going
American-built passenger steamships, of not less
than two thousand register tons burden each. at a
rate of compensation not exceeding $2Jd,O0O per
annum for thirteen round voyages; and upon enter-
ing into said contract said lowest bidder shall enter
into good and sufficient security for its faithful per-
lormance, subject to the approval of the Postmaster
General, who shall have the power to terminate the
said contract by giving two years' notice, or upon
its sale or assignment to any person or company not
citizens of the United States: Provided, That suit-
able fines, deductions, and penalties may bo imposed
for failures, delays, and irregularities in the per-
formance of the service stipulated in the contract,
from any cause, acts of God and of public enemies
excepted.
Sec. —. That the steamships accepted by the Post-
master General for the aforesaid mail servioe shall
be of not less than two thousand tons registry, and
shall be constructed upon such plans as shall meet
the requisitions of the contract and the conditions
of this act in all respects, in American ship-yards,
and navigated by American officers, and manned
by citizens of the United States, and shall in all
respects be first-class screw steamships, adaptable
to tho armed' naval service of the United States,
fitted up in the most approved manner for the con-
veyance of mails, merchandise, and passengers, and
with special reference to the health and comfort of
emigrants; and upon each of said steamships there
shall be employed at least one competent surgeon
and physician, with surgical implements, and a full
supply of medicines; and upon each of said ships
suitable accommodations shall be furnished by said
company, without charge, for a mail agent of the
United States; and said contractor shall be per-
mitted to purchase coal or other stores and neces-
saries in bond, free of duty, for use on board the
said steamships: Provided, That in times of public
danger or war the United States may take any or
all of the steamships used for the performance of
said contract, and shall pay therefor a fair compen-
sation, or may purchase tho same at an appraised
cash value, in no case to exceed the original cost of
the steamships so taken.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Pending
this amendment the Senator from Ohio moves
to lay the bill on the table.
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. President 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
is not debatable.
Mr. SHERMAN. In order not to have any
final judgment passed upon this bill now, I will
move simply to postpone the bill, with the view
to take up Senate bill No. 1313
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Ohio moves to postpone the pending
bill in order to take up the bill (S. No. 1813)
supplementary to an act entitled "An act to
provide a national currency secured by a
pledge of United States bonds, and to provide
tor the circulation and redemption thereof,"
approved June 3,1864, and to secure an elastic
currency, to appreciate national obligations,
and to reach specie payments without com-
mercial embarrassment.
Mr. NYE. That is a bill which will pro-
voke a great deal of discussion. We have this
steamship bill now before us, and I hope the
Senate will adhere to it and finish it.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is for the Senate to
judge. Here are two important propositions.
The Senator from Nevada has made his argu-
ment, and it seems to me we ought not to
force a vote of the Senate on a proposition ,
of that kind. Tho Senator from Michigan
presents a counter proposition. It is much
better to lay it on the table and let us take up
this currency bill, which was reported a week
or two ago and has already had a good deal
of discussion, and see what progress we can
make with it. ...
Mr. NYE. And the very next time this is
proposed to be discussed again there will be
another proposition; there will be no end to
the propositions to defeat this bill.
Mr. CHANDLER. I will state to my friend
from Nevada, that I gave way the more read-
ily as the honorable Senator from Maryland
[Mr. Vickers] informed me a short time
ago that he wished to be heard on this bill,
and was not quite prepared to-day and did not
desire final action now. It was more on his
account than my own that I yielded to the
Senator from Ohio, though it makes no differ-
ence to me when I address the Senate on this
subject. I am perfectly ready now, or I am
willing to let it have the go-by if the Senate
so decide.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. This question
was before the Senate, it will be remembered,
last year. I think the Senate have some idea
about this bill, and I hardly think it will lead
to an extended discussion. I should hardly
expect it would. I think it would be an econ-
omy of time to give it some consideration at
the present time, unless the Senate has made
up its mind not to consider it at all this session.
I am satisfied it will be an economy of time to
continue it at present.
Mr. CAMERON. Mr. President, I hope
we shall dispose of this bill now, and I give
notice that if it is put aside I shall endeavor
to bring up the French spoliation bill. I have
said that so often that it has almost become a
laughing stock here, but I intend to push it. I
think my right is to have it acted on now. I
shall not vote for the bill before the Senate as
it is presented. I possibly may vote for the
substitute; but I am not certain of that. I
hope, however, it will be disposed of for the
purpose of getting it out of the road.
There are a number of bills here of great
importance to the country: but other bills
occupy the whole attention of Senators, and
prevent them from getting to anything else.
We shall be in that condition until we dispose
of this bill. Let us get it out of the way, and
then we can take up something else. The bill
proposed by the Senator from Ohio will not
spoil. The whole country is looking to it and
to him now with anxiety, but that bill can be
disposed of at any time within the last week
of the session. Bnt this is one of those bills
that I am anuoyed everywhere about. You
can hardly get out of the Senate Chamber but
somebody talks to you in regard to these sub-
sidies. I am tired of it. 1 do not think I
shall ever vote for any one of them. I will
not at this session and until 1 get more light;
but I want a final vote on the subject and to
be done with it.
Mr. SHERMAN. In order to gratify the
Senator from Pennsylvania, and that we may
have a final vote on the subject, and test the
sense of the Senate whether they are disposed
to grant any subsidy at this session of Con-
gress, I move that the bill lie on the table;
and upon that I call for the yeas and nays.
If the Senate determine to go on with this bill,
I will not press any other measure in antag-
onism.
Mr. NYE. Will the Senator withdraw that
motion for a moment?
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes; for a moment, to
hear the Senator.
Mr. NYE. It is a question now between
currency and commerce. I think our com-
merce is in a great deal more disorder than
our currency; and I think the commercial
question is pressing more immediately upon
the attention of the whole people than the
currency question ; and if the Senate is in the
humor it generally is on such questions its
discussion would be almost interminable. Now
we have before us a question that has been
here three years, and there is a great public
interest involved in it; and now we are asked
to put it over, to make it give way, and take
up the currency question. I do not see why
we cannot get a vote very quickly on this bill.
I suppose when the honorable Senator from
Michigan is through the whole story will be
told and we shall be ready to vote.
Mr. SHERMAN. I modified my motion in
order to suit the friends of this bill. If a
majority of the Senate are indisposed to grant
subsidies at this session of Congress to, the
Australian line it is better it should be known,
at once, and therefore I think the motion to.
lay on the table will test the sense of the Sen-
ate on the general question. If a majority of
the Senate are against granting subsidies to
the Australian line, it is utterly idle for us to
go on with the bill.
_Mr. HAMLIN. .1 want to submit to my
friend from Ohio whether that is an issue that
can be made distinctly upon this question ? A
majority of this body may be opposed to tho
bill. Does it follow, as a matter of course,
that they will grant aid to no other line of ves-
sels because they will not do it here? How
can you make an issue upon another question
by voting upon this ? 1 should be very glad
to have a distinct question submitted to the
Senate, and if the Senate will determine delib-
erately that they will aid our commerce in no
way, I shall still keep my peace; but if they
simply vote to lay this bill on the table, I give
the Senate notice that there are some other
bills in which I have an interest, committed
somewhat to my charge, upon which I shall
feel it my duty to ask a vote of the Senate as
distinct from this. I think I am justified in
saying that there are Senators in this body who
would vote for the one and would not vote for
the other.
Mr. SHERMAN. The point I wish to make
is this: if a-majority of the Senate are op-
posed to granting aid to a line to Australia at
this session, we may as well say so at once ;
and that will not preclude any other measure
being brought up. As I am one of those who
think that at this session of Congress we ought
to grant no aid in the nature of subsidy to the
Australian line, I feel bound to make the
motion. If the Senate vote it down, as a mat-
ter of course they can do so. I move to lay
the bill on the table.
Mr. STEWART. I ask for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 24, nays 30; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Alcorn, Ames, Blair, Bucking-
ham, Cameron, Chandler, Cooper, Davis, Ferry of
Connecticut, Frelinghuysen, Goldthwaite, Hamil-
ton of Maryland, Johnston, Morrill of Vermont,
Norwood, Saulsbury, Schurz, Scott, Sherman, Ste-
venson, Thurman, Tipton, Vickers, and Wright—24.
NAYS — Messrs. Boreman, Casserly, Cole, Conk-
ling-, Corbett, Cragin, Edmunds, Fenton, Ferry of
Michigan, Flanagan, Gilbert, Hamilton of Texas,
Hamlin, Harlan, IXill,Kelly, Lewis, Machen, Mor-
rill of Maine, Morton, Nye, Pool, Bamsey, Ransom,
Bice, Sawyer, Spencer, Stewart, Stockton, and Wil-
son—30.
ABSENT — Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Brownlow,
Caldwell. Carpenter, Clayton, Hitchcock, Howe,
Logan, Osborn, Patterson, Pomeroy, Pratt, Robert-
son, Sprague, Sumner, Trumbull, West, and Win-
dom—19.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senate
refuses to lay the bill on the table ; and the
question recurs on the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Michigan.
Mr. CHANDLER. Mr. President^ I think
if Senators will examine the original bill, with
the amendments reported from the Committee
on Post Offices and Post Roads, no member
of this body will vote for that bill. I assume
that they will not, for in that bill there is
$1,000,000, or nearly $1,000,000, which should
go to the Committee on Claims, because they
date the contract back. That is a bill to give
$5,000,000 to a particular individual, and it
takes $1,000,000 out of the Treasury for past
services, or will take that much on the 7th day
of April next. That should certainly go to the
Committee on Claims, and if this man has any
claim for that million dollars let him establish
it in the proper place, which is before the Com-
mittee on Claims. lata certain that nota Sen-
ator in this body will vote to take that million
out of the Treasury and give it to this sub-
sidized line.
Therefore, sir, I shall vote for the amend-
ment I have offered as a substitute, and then
I shall vote against that as a substantive prop-
osition, and I think before I get through that
