THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 31,
I "shall satisfy every member of this "body who
will do me the honor to listen to me that not
one dollar should be taken from the Treasury
for this subsidized line. This amendment is
bfe'tter because it saves the Treasury two and
three quarter millions of dollars in the ten
years ; and hence, to save two and three quar-
ter millions I will vote for the amendment as
a- substitute, and then I will vote against the
two and three quarter millions after that.
My friend from Connecticut has well illus-
. trated the position of this proposed subsidy.
My honorable friend from Nevada has given
us a specimen of eloquence that no man upon
this floor can equal. I cannot meet his elo-
• quenee, nor can I meet his fancy. His elo-
quence is grand, and his fancy is sublime;
but, sir, I shall try to meet both his eloquence
and his fancy with solid, stubborn facts, and
facts that will convince, I trust, every individ
ual within the sound of my voice that not one
dollar should be voted to subsidize this par-
ticular line.
The Senator says that what I lack is faith.
Well, Mr. President, I believe that is so; but
my honorable friend has been a student of the
Bibie long enough to have discovered that
feith without works is dead, being alone.
Now, sir, I am not going to judge thisconcern
by its works, and I am not going to put faith
Without works, and I propose to bring this
subsidized line to the test of works and show
how much faith should go with those works.
As is well known to most members of this
body, there has been a complete and perfect
revolution in the carrying trade of the world
within the last few years. Prior to the com-
pletion of our railroad system the great traffic
of the nations, both inward and outward
bound, was in steamships. The great traffic
upon our lakes was in steamships j and before
the completion of our railroads magnificent
lines of steamships were put upon all our main
routes. There was a splendid line to Cleveland
from Buffalo, another to Detroit, another to
ioledo ; and when the railroad connections
were completed, those steamship lines, the
one to Detroit alone having cost more than
$1,000,000, for the boats were palatial, ran
their boats for a year at a loss. The Detroit
line lost $60,000 in running their boats one
year in competition with the railroads. After
running them for a single year in competition
with the railroads, they put out their fires
and never again lighted them in those ships.
But in a very few months they took the engines
out of those ships, and magnificent engines
they were, and those very engines that were
used in the traffic between Buffalo and De-
troit are to-day propelling steamboats between
Japan and China; and the hulls—magnificent
hulls, too—were turned into lumber barges,
and to-day are in use as lumber barges carry-
ing lumber upon the lakes. They were trans-
ferred into hulks, although they were splendid
hulls, many of them new; but they were trans-
ferred from hulks that were useless into a means
of commercial intercourse where they became
valuable.
But, sir, those parties were not wise in their
day and generation. If they had been wise
they would have come to Congress and, in the
interest of commerce, demanded that the flag
should be kept floating over these magnificent
specimens of media of commercial intercourse.
rp? n0'J understand that business.
Iheu on the Atlantic and Pacific oceans
there were two lines of steamships built for a
specific traffic, built to carry passengers and
express freight, but no cargo. On the com-
pletion of the Pacific railroad they ceased to
run at a profit. They had made enormous
profits for more than twenty years; but after
the completion of that railroad those ships
were thrown out of employment. There was
no water on God Almighty's earth on which
they could run with profit. They were built
for an exceptional traffic that had ceased, and
there was no other traffic in which they could
be placed at a profit.
What would you suppose they would have
done with ships that were worthless for any
traffic on the face of the earth ? You would
suppose they would have laid them up, and
that is just what they did for a time; but
afterward they discovered a more excellent
way, and came to Congress and said, "We
cannot run these ships without losing $42,000
a trip," and they asked Congress to give them
$42,000 a trip to enable them to run those old
hulks that could not be run without it.
That is the modest proposition which is now
before this honorable body, and has been here
for the last three or four years. They cannot
run anywhere, and they are not adapted to the
Australian trade._ It is all they can do to take
their fuel and their passengers, let alone cargo.
They can take a little express freight, because
they were built for that very purpose. But what
you want is ships that will take cargo, ships
of two thousand tons, propellers that five or
six hundred tons ofcoal will carry to Australia,
and that will still have cargo room for a thou-
sand or more tons of freight. Those ships will
pay steadily I have no doubt in almost any
line. They consume from sixteen to twenty-
five tons of coal a day, while these old hulks,
side-wheel steamers, that ought to have been
broken up, consume, as I am told, fifty tons.
Am I right?
Mr. NYE. No.
Mr. CHANDLER. Forty to fifty tons daily,
I am told. My friend proclaims that these are
good ships. He admits that most of them are
side-wheel steamers. I have a list of every
ship in the line, and when it was built. The
Moses Taylor was built in New York in 1857.
Mr. NYE. She is not in this line.
Mr. CHANDLER. She is running on part
of it.
Mr. NYE. She is in dry-dock being repaired.
Mr. CHANDLER. She is being repaired,
the Senator says. I think they had all better
he put into the dry-dock and be repaired and
built over again. The Mahongo was built in
1854. The Nevada was built in 1865; the
Nebraska in 1805, and the Idaho in 1865. It
is well known to every man acquainted with
wooden side-wheel steamships that about ten
years is their life. If you run them after ten
years the repairs are more expensive than the
cost of replacing the old ships with new ships.
In the natural course of things these ships
cannot last more than ten years without its
costing more to overhaul them and to do what
they are now doing with the Moses Taylor; but
I have no doubt they will run these ships for
the next twenty years. They are a good deal
like the jackknife of the man who had changed
the blade six times and the handle eight, but
still it was the same knife because he had never
changed them both at the same time. [Laugh-
ter.] I have no doubt the old hulks will run
until there is not a stick of timber or a spike
in them that wa? there originally.
These ships, in the whole time they have
been running, instead of making ten miles an
hour, as they contracted to do and agreed to
do, and received a subsidy from other parties
of $75,000for doing, have made but an average
ol seven and a half miles an hour. They have
taken on an average in running from New
Zealand to San Francisco thirty-eight days,
l'hen adding eighteen days from San Fran-
cisco to England,-you have fifty-six days as the
average time of their trip. Some of them
have been shorter and some longer. Some
of them have taken as much as sixty-seven
or sixty-eight days, and some have run in a
shorter time, but the average time during the
whole period they have run has been seven
and a half miles per hour. People have act-
ually been many days longer in getting from
Australia to London by way of this line and
the Pacific railroad than by the ships of the
English line.
This line has been pretty well subsidized
heretofore. In the first place our Government
paid it $75,000 for running a line to Hon-
olulu ; and in connection with that mail ser-
vice the company bound itself to perform the
voyages at the moderate speed of ten knots an
hour, but on examination it will be found that
the average has been but seven and a half
knots an hour. Old and unseaworthy steam-
ers have been repeatedly run on the line, in
consequence of which many unavoidable ac-
cideuts and detentions have occurred, and on
one occasion several lives were lost. The
delays that have occurred in the transmission
and delivery of the mails caused great annoy-
ance and loss to the commercial community
of New Zealand and their correspondents in
our country. The line was very well supported
when first established, but from definite in-
formation received from reliable persons and
data, I can state that the support has mate-
rially diminished. The Government of Mel-
bourne, believing that the line was to be an
efficient one, agreed to subsidize it to the extent
of $160,000 per annum. Right Honorable
Robert Lowe, chancellor of the exchequer,
intimated to the representatives of the colony
of Victoria that if the colonies were satisfied
with the service Great Britain would contribute
£20,000 (or $100,000) toward its maintenance,
notwithstanding it was an American line. On
account of the inefficiency of the line the Mel-
bourne government abandoned its contract.
The mail service with England, by way of the
Suez canal and Brundisi, was performed with
an average of forty-four days. The line I am-
now speaking of occupied from fifty five to
sixty-nine days, and mails which left London
by way of Suez fourteen days subsequently to
this by way of San Francisco generally arrived
in Melbourne first.
The average monthly number of letters sent
to England—and these are official figures taken
from the books of the British post office—by
way of the Suez canal amounted to 36,508,
while those forwarded by San Francisco
amounted to 619. A popular line, was it not?
Thirty-six thousand five hundred and eight
letters a month were sent by way of the
Suez canal, and 619 by way of the San Fran-
cisco route! Of the 17,581 letters intended
for the United States, 10,700 wore marked to
go by way of Suez to England, and 6,881 were
sent by way of San Francisco. Ten thousand
seven hundred were sent by way of England,
and 6,881 were sent by way ol San Francisco
by this American line! It will thus be seen
that the business community has abandoned
its confidence in this line, which by its ineffi-
ciency lost the Melbourne subsidy of $160,000,
and a probable English subsidy of $100,000.
Mr. NYE. What is that you are reading
from ?
Mr. CHANDLER. The statement of a gen-
tleman of veracity who appeared before the
Post Office Committee.
Mr. NYE. Who is he?
Mr. CHANDLER. General Burnside.
Every figure he has given he informed me is
substantiated and is official. Now, Mr. Pres-
ident, my honorable friend has made a great
show of the commerce of Australia. I hold
in my hand the official record taken from the
books of the Treasury within the last three
days of the whole traffic with Australia pro
and con for the last three years, and my
figures are authentic. These are the domestic
exports to Australia, and I can give every
article shipped and the quantity shipped in
any given year except where it is given among
the sundries," the little things that are left.
Our whole exports to Australia in 1870, one
year before the establishment of this line
were $3,419,973 in value. In 1871 they were
' first year of a half million
subsidy, so that you propose to pay about
twenty per cent, of all your exports together
as a subsidy! In 1872 the whole amount of
