36
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 5,
enrolled bills.
The message also announced that the
Speaker of the House had sigued the follow-
ing enrolled bills: *
An act (II. R. No. 902) making an appro-
priation for the repairs, furnishing, and orna-
mentation of the United States custom-house
and post office at Bath, Maine ; and
An act (,H. R. No. 2109)_to authorize the
issuance of college scrip to the State of Ark-
ansas, and for other purposes.
the calendar.
Mr. SHERMAN. The other day the Sen-
ator from Rhode Island now occupying the
chair [Mr. Anthony] introduced a resolution
in regard to the order of business next week—
private bills. I objected to the consideration
of the resolution at the time, and it went over.
I have no objection now to its being taken up
and the sense of the Senate taken on the sub-
ject, especially as the resolution, if it is to be
adopted, had better be adopted at an early
day, so as to allow the clerk time to prepare
the Calendar and make the arrangements for
calling it.. I ask for the reading of the reso-
lution.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Ohio moves to proceed to the con-
sideration of a resolution, which will be
read.
The Chief Clerk read the following reso-
lution submitted by Mr. Anthony on the 2d
instant:
Resolved, That on Monday next, at one o'clock,
ihe Senate will proceed to the consideration of the
Calendar ; and bills that are not objected to shall be
taken up in their order, and each Senator shall be
entitled to speak once, and for five minutes only, on
each question; and this order shall be enforced
daily at one o'clock until the end of the Calendar is
reached, unless, upon motion, the Senate should at
any time otherwise order.
The motion to take up the resolution was
agreed to; and the Senate proceeded to its
consideration.
The resolution was adopted.
committee service.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I now ask
the Senate to take up Senate bill No. C93, and
the amendment to it, for the purpose I indi-
cated on a previous occasion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That bill
will be considered as before the Senate if there
be no objection. The Chair hears none.
Mr. SUMNER. Before my friend begins
I hope he will pardon me for a moment. As
the Senate is about to organize its committees
for the session, I hope it will pardon me if I
ask, in obedience to the instructions of my
physician, the indulgence of being excused
from service on any committee. I do this with
great regret and reluctance, but I feel that it
is my duty in the present condition of my
health.
french spoliation claims.
Mr. CAMERON. With the permission of
the Senator from Vermont, I desire to give
notice that I shall, at an early day next week,
move to take up the bill for the relief of per-
sons who suffered by the French spoliations.
I shall make the motion immediately after the
Senator from Maryland [Mr. Vickers] reaches
his seat, early next week.
agricultural colleges.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (S. No. 693) to
provide for the further endowment and sup-
port of colleges for the benefit of agriculture
and the mechanic arts, and the liberal and
practical education of the industrial classes in
the several pursuits and professions in life, as
established under an act of Congress approved
July 2, 1862.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Mr. Presi-
dent, the present bill is intended to be so
guarded that it shall injure no State, while it
aims to confer positive benefits upon all. The
land States, so called, have been and are prop-
erly jealous abont having large tracts of land j
"gobbled up," so to say, by speculators, and i
withheld indefinitely from settlement. This
bill is framed, as now modified, so as to avoid
any such result, though, to obviate this really
valid objection, the friends of the measure
will be compelled to sacrifice something of
promptitude as well as of efficiency.
The power under the original law, to which
this bill comes in as a supplement, to sell
scrip and locate the same in large bodies, was
perhaps created, and in a few instances may
have been injuriously exercised; but the
whole amount issued up to 1871, under the
college land act, was only 7,636,588 acres;
and 1,461,157 acres of this was located by ten
of the States within their own boundaries,
and if they hold on for dear prices, no other
parties can be blamed; while the grants for
military services, open to the same objections,
have been eight or nine times larger, or to the
extent of 62,115,202 acres. In point of fact,
the evils so much dreaded have been, if not
exaggerated, in good part mistakenly imputed
to the college land grant, when really charge-
able, if any have existed, to the unprecedented
but justifiable issue of military land warrants.
Under the present amendment, it will be seen
there can be no possibility of such an evil.
The general land system of the United States
is in no manner to be disturbed.
The measure as now offered avoids also
any interference with the homestead law, (the
chief benefits of which it may be regretted
are not likely hereafter to accrue to our own
citizens,) and shuns all danger as to any por-
tion of the lands being bought and kept in
large masses by speculators. To this end,
therefore, the lands are to be held in custody
by the United States until actually sold, to
the extent of a half million acres for a
national college in each State and Territory,
and when sold the amount, deductingexpenses,
is to be invested in United States five per cent,
bonds, to be held by the Treasurer of the Uni-
ted States for the benefit of each of the col-
leges, and the interest paid thereon semi-
annually.
Thia will not be inconvenient to the Govern-
ment, and will at the same time give the highest
security to the colleges. Beyond this, the
United States will obtain and retain alian upon
the funds practically enforceable to compel a
substantial and satisfactory compliance with the
conditions and limitations of the original land
grant, as well as of those of the present amend-
ment. The funds can never be squandered
nor misapplied. It may be some years—much
longer than I could wish—before the full
amount of this grant will be realized, but in
the end it will give an annual income to each
institution of not less than $30,000, which, if
not large, will be enough to place them on a
solid foundation of assured success, giving to
them a prestige of stability and the deeper
roots of institutions aided by the energy of the
national Government.
ADVANTAGES PROMISED.
The next consideration is whether the dona-
tion proposed will be of so much advantage
to the several States as to be commensurate
with the cost. The success which has already
attended even the very limited endowments
under the original act, to which this is sup-
plementary, gives a most encouraging answer ;
not that success has been entirely constant
and everywhere beyond all cavil; the outfit
was too restricted for so much to be expected ;
but there is abundant proof that success in
most of the States has been uniform and satis-
factory, and among nearly thirty institutions
which have just now got into working order,
there are at least six or seven which already
stand forth preeminent in character and use-
fulness.- More will follow when they have the
means, and some are struggling to get under
way with such means as they can now com-
mand. In Michigan, Iowa, Kentucky, Illinois,
Massachusetts, New York, and Connecticut
they have got under way and are already doing
educational work of priceless value. It ia
hardly too much to say that any one of the
institutions established in these States—and
Kansas and Missouri are not far behind—will
ultimately be worth singly more to our country
than the entire cost of the original grant to all
of the States. The seed fell upon good ground
and has brought forth many fold. Legisla-
tive liberality and private munificence joined
hands, and have already given to national
colleges for the industrial classes the strong-
est and liveliest hopes of a triumphant career.
They have started upon a new field of labor,
where the demand vastly exceeds the supply,
and have already won public confidence.
The boys educated here are called upon to
do duty as men earlier and more rapidly than
they can be trained and turned out. They do
not have to seek for places—places seek them.
As they come forth they do not lean upon
stinted charity and loath patronage for support
all the days of early manhood, but they are at
once summoned to the front and take their
share of the world's business upon their shoul-
ders. As men, armed and equipped to promote
the public welfare, they are wanted everywhere,
and everywhere command remunerative wages.
Engineers, chemists, geologists, miners, sur-
veyors, bridge-builders, draughtsmen, over-
seers, superintendents, in all of our broad and
busy country, are greatly needed, and practical
science—technical education—leads the way
and finds cordial appreciation. All branches
of industry, now so wondrously diversified,
compete for skilled workmen. As yet even
the demand for educators of the stamp and
capacity urgently called for cannot be sup-
plied ; and this demand, so extensive now, is
daily growing larger, especially in the South.
For a long time to come, do all we may, they
will be wholly inadequate in numbers and
quality, but through the national colleges we
may count upon an annual reenforcement, and
obtain ere long a regular army of volunteer
educators. Many of those here trained will be
fired by the ambition to make the profession
of teaching a life pursuit, as one of the highest
and most honorable among men.* Thirty-
seven of these institutions will not add too
many scientific teachers to those we now have
for forty million people, and with good and
fit teachers the great problem of good schools
will be at once more than half solved, and
cannot otherwise be solved.
THB 3YSTXM PROPOSED.
To show there is room for additional, not
rival, institutions of learning, it seems to be
necessary to discuss some of the phases of
higher education to some extent, whether
mental training should be mainly literary or
mainly scientific, and, though my own gives
me no authority to speak, I offer frankly, but
with some diffidence, the opinions of one
among the great mass who has laboriously
experienced the want of more and better cul-
ture. I can only plead that I have given the
subject earnest thought, and that I am thor-
oughly sincere. Even should my argument
appear ill-founded, I entreat fliat it may not
prejudice a good measure, the measure I am
trying to support, and those at least who could
have furnished a better, surely may rest on
their own.
It is not proposed to change the system of
education established,by the act of 1862, " to
promote the liberal and practical education of
the industrial classes in the several pursuits
and professions of life;" and in that, while
other scientific and classical studies were not
to be excluded, the leading object as set forth
was, "to teach such branches of learning as
are related to agriculture and the mechanic
arts." These terms are perhaps broad enough
to include the curriculum of even a modern
university, but it was clearly intended that
* One hundred teachers have already gone out
from the college in Kansas.
