1960
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28,
Mr. COLE. No, sir.
Mr. CORBETT. I think there are some rea-
sons why these appropriations should be longer
than for the fiscal year. I certainly believe
that they should commence to be available
from the time the appropriation act is passed,
and if you divide the year up from the 1st of
July to the 1st of July you simply_ commence
your work and have to stop operations during
the winter months. You commence', say, the
erection of a light-house of brick, the frost and
rains come and your work to a great exteut is
injured, and before the work is done the money
unexpended at the end of the fiscal year
is covered into the Treasury ; and if you fail
the next year to make the appropriation your
buildings are to a great extent injured and.
destroyed. It is different from the annual
appropriations for salaries and other pur-
poses. It does seem to me that perma-
nent appropriation for buildings are different
from annual appropriations for carrying on
the ordinary purposes of Government, such as
for the Army and the Navy and other appro-
priations of that kind.
_ Mr. LOGAN. I should like to ask a ques-
tion. The Senator says that on account of
building a light-house out of brick or stone in
the winter season we cannot do it. Is there
any Esore difficulty in the erection of a light-
house at Chicago in winter time than there is
in building a post office or a treasury building
in the winter? The appropriation lapses on the
1st of July in reference to the Treasury build-
ing, and why not in reference to the light-
house?
Mr. CORBETT. I will answer the gentle-
man. These works are works on distant
coasts, away from civilization generally, away
from materials, and with great difficulty are
the materials obtained and placed at these dis-
tant points. I know that in some instances
upon the Pacific coast it has taken a year to
get the materials together. You have got to
establish perhaps a brick-yard at the particular
locality to make the brick before you can com-
mence the erection of the work, and by the
time you get your brick made the appropria-
tion is covered' into the Treasury, and then
unless you get your appropriation for the next
year, if you happen to have an appropriation
committee that refuses to make an appropria-
tion for that particular work it has got to lie
for another year.
Mr. LOGAN. The Government is not in
the brick-making business. It buys the bricks
already made.
Mr. CORBETT. I know of instances where
the Government are compelled to make the
brick themselves because they cannot obtain
good brick, and they have had to employ suit-
able persons to make and burn every brick
upon the spot where the building was to be
erected. In such instances I can see that this
kind of work is very different from others.
But if we make the appropriation before the
1st of March each year, and the use of that
money can be extended from that time until
July of the following ydar, and the money is
promptly furnished, they perhaps can get to
work at once, and that may answer. It is,
however, a great inconvenience in a work of
this kind to have these delays, and it seems
to me that the appropriations ought to run for
a longer time than ordinary appropriations. I
think there are some very good reasons for
the appropriations for this particular class
of public works being permanent. Still if we
can have the appropriations available from the
time of the passage of the bill, that may do
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Ed-
munds in the chair.) The question is on the
amendment of the Senator from Vermont to
the amendment^ of the Committee on Appro-
priations, striking out the words "anduntil
Tune 60, 1875," so as to limit the appropria-
tions according to the existing law.
the amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
s
Mr. GORBETT. I would like to hear how
that reads now.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It now reads
that " light-house appropriations made in this
act for special objects shall be available from
the date of this act;" and the amendment as
amended will be regarded as agreed to if there
be no objection. The, Secretary will proceed
with the reading of the bill.
The Chief Clerk continued the reading of
the bill.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Appropriations was in the clause for the com-
pletion of the building for the custom-house
and post office at Rockland, Maine, line nine
hundred and seventy-five, to reduce the appro-
priation from $75,000 to $25,000.
Mr. HAMLIN. I desire to learn from tlae
committee the reason for changing that appro-
priation. If the chairman of the committee
has any information that I have not, I should
like to know what it is.
Mr. COLE. I do not suppose that I ha^ e
any reason that the Senator from Maine is not
already in possession of; but the reason that
controlled the committee in proposing this
change was that a few years ago when this
building was authorized the limit upon it was
$50,000, and half of that sum had already
been appropriated and I believe used, and the
estimate in the book is for $25,000 more,
instead of $75,000. That is all I have to say
upon the subject.
Mr. HAMLIN. The original estimate pro-
vided that the building should cost $75,000.
This is it. The appropriation was made and
the site purchased and part of the material
purchased; and it is now proposed to build
the building in a single year. It will prolong-
ate it three years if you only appropriate the
$25,000 a year, and you have your superintend-
ent and all your officers to pay for three years,
and in the mean time you are paying rent for
the precise buildings you want to other parties.
There cannot be an earthly reason why this
amendment should prevail. It is unwise and
is bad economy to make it. I hope, therefore,
it will not be made.
The amendment was rejected.
COMMISSIONERS OF SOUTHERN CLAIMS".
Mr. HOWE. I desire to be allowed to make
a report from a conference committee.
There being no objection, the report was
received and read, as follows:
The committee of conference to consider the dis-
agreeing votes of the two Houses on House bill No.
388. to extend for four years the act establishing the
board of commissioners of claims and the acts re-
lating thereto, having met, after full and free con-
ference have agreed to recommend to their respect-
ive Houses as follows:
That the Senate recede from their first and fourth
amendments to the bill.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the second and third amendments of the Senate, and
agree to the sanje. ^ q HOWE
GEORGE G. WEIGHT,
H. G. DAVIS,
Managers on thepart of the Senate.
AUSTIN BLAIR,
WILLIAM P. FRYE,
CHARLES FOSTER,
Managers on the part of the House.
The report was concurred in.
civil appkopkiation bill,
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. R.
No. 3921) making appropriations for sundry
civil expenses of the Government for the fiscal
year ending June 30, 1874, and for other pur-
poses.
The Chief Clerk continued the reading of the
hill.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Appropriations was on page 40, to strike out
lines nine hundred and seventy nine, nine hun-
dred and eighty, and nine hundred and eighty-
one, in the following words:
I or purchase of site and construction of a building
feLtfc!nCustum"housoat Pal1 River. Massachusetts,
$ZuU,UuU,
Mr. WILSON, I hope the Senate will not
concur with the committee in striking out this
appropriation. At the last session of Congress
an act was passed for a custom-house and post
office in the city of Fall River, and here is the
appropriation for it. It is a growing city. It
has already from forty to fifty thousand inhabit-
ants, and it is growing very rapidly. It has
already three or four times more spindles than
any other city in Massachusetts. Nine mills are
building at this time. The office used for the
Government is really unfit. The Secretary of
the Treasury recommends the measure strongly,
and I hope the Senate will not concur with the
committee in striking out the appropriation.
Mr. LOGAN. Is it in accordance with an
estimate ?
Mr. WILSON. It is according to law.
Mr. COLE. We are entering on an inter-
esting topic now in this bill, and we have
passed over two items. We-iiave gone counter
to the recommendations of the Departments—
I mean the estimates—in the disagreement that
has been made to the recommendation of the
committee; and now it is proposed to disre-
gard the recommendation of the committee in
this particular. It is "for purchase of site
and construction of a building for the custom-
house atFall River, Massachusetts, $200,000."
We are yet to commence even by the purchas-
ing of a site for that building. Why, sir, if we
are to enter on this sort of business we shall
need to increase the revenues of this country ;
we shall need to add to the tariff of duties on
imports the amount that was stricken off last
year, and to restore our internal revenue taxes.
We are already running behind ; the revenues
of the country for the last two or three months
have scarcely been up to the expenditures;
and yet we have not had such extraordinary
expenditures as those proposed in this portion
of this bill.
The recommendation in regard to this Fall
River building is for only $100,000, and yet
the bill comprises in the item as it came to us
from the House $200,000. If there is to be
a total disregard of the recommendations of
the Departments, and members of Congress
are to fix these sums without any reference to
the estimates, we shall soon find ourselves, to
use a plain expression, swamped in this busi-
ness. I hope that the position taken by the
Committee on Appropriations here, which is
in the direction of economy, may be sustained.
I think these buildings can be postponed until
the heavy burdens of the Government are
somewhat removed. The people are already
taxed too heavily; and to put up these costly
structures in such obscure places, if you please,
as Fall River is going altogether too far, in
my judgment.
Mr. LOGAN. I desire to ask the Senator a
question, not that I am interested in this mat-
ter particularly, but in view of the action of
the committee in another particular. Is it not
a fact that a law passed by Congress requires
the Secretary of the Treasury to purchase this
site at Fall River and to build this building?
Mr. COLE. That question had better per-
haps be asked of the chairman of the Commit-
mittee on Public Buildings and Grounds, who
can no doubt give information on that subject-
Mr. LOGAN. I have the statute in my hand
that requires it.
Mr. UOLE. I have the language of the bill
making the appropriation "for the purchase
of a site and erection of a building," so that
the site is not yet provided.
Mr. LOGAN. The law provides that no
portion of the money shall be expended until
the title to the site is acquired, and the law
clearly contemplates an appropriation for the
siteand the building. Now the question I
desired to ask was this: Whether or not where
a law required an act to be done there should
be censure east on the Senate for disagreeing
with the Committee on Appropriations, when
the Senate proposes to do what the law requires
them to do, and when the Appropriation Com-
mittee refuses to do what the law requires.
