187B.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1001
your exports to Australia were $2,899,003, or
nearly $600,000 less than they were before
you started this steamship line. This appears
by the official figures. In other words, in 1870
they were $3,419,973, and in 1872, after you
had your line two years, $2,899,603; and these
are official figures taken from the books of the
Treasury.
Mr. NYE. Two years after the line was
st&rt6d ?
Mr. CHANDLER. It lacks two months of
two years; it will be two years on the 7th of
April, according to your bill. The bill reads
"the 7 th of April."
Mr. NYE. It is wrong.
Mr. CHANDLER. I take your own bill.
If the bill is incorrect, it ought to be corrected.
Then, sir, I come to your imports, and here
again I have the official figures, taken from the
books of your Treasury within the last three
days. The whole amount of your imports
from Australia were, in 1870, as my friend
has stated before, $278,964. After one year's
subsidy, after you had expended by his bill
$500,000, they have risen to the munificent
amount of $285,411 ; in other words, we want
to pay $500,000 to get an increase of $8,000!
It is not profitable. You do not make money
in that way.
Then came the wool famine. The honor-
able Chairman (Mr. Ferry, of Michigan, in
the chair) remembers that two or three years
ago the farmers all through the West killed
their sheep by thousands and tens of thousands
because the price of wool was so jow that it
was unprofitable to raise it, and their carcasses
were rendered into tallow to make them mar-
ketable. The destruction of those millions of
sheep rendered our clip in 1871 and 18/2 a
short one, and wool rose and a demand was
created that did not exist before, and prob-
ably never will again, for we are increasing
our flocks to an unprecedented extent again
on account of the high price of wool. This
anomalous cause, that these steamers had no
more to do with than they had with the comet
that appeared here two or three years ago,
should have the credit of this enormous increase
of our imports.
Why, sir, just let us look at these imports
again. In 1870 they were $278,000, in 1871
$285,000, and in 1872 they were $3,977,968.
But out of this latter amount $3,173,837 was
for wool. This whole increase of your com
merce, outside of the wool, amounted to j
few hundred thousand dollars, and for that
you propose to pay a subsidy of $5,000,000 in
ten years, or more per annum than the whole
amount of your imports for each of the last
three years, taking out the whole amount of
wool in 1872. You will observe, Mr. President,
that we bought that year 12,700,000 pounds of
wool from Australia, amounting to $3,173,837,
and deducting that from the $3,977,968 you
perceive that the aggregate- increase was very
Email. They take from us an increased amount
of petroleum oil every year. So do the other
nations of the world. We produce all the
petroleum oil that can be found on earth, and
they must take it from us whether you run a
subsidized line of steamers fromhere to Aus-
tralia or whether you do not. That traffic m
petroleum is increasing. We furnish them
sewing-machines and some axes and some
shovels; but taking the whole amount of that
traffic, adding up all these things, aud the
actual exports last year, and the result is an
increase of only $600,000 over the year before
you started this line.
Mr. President, it is my firm belief hat no
man in this body will vote for thebx 1 as re-
ported from the Committee on Post Offices
and Post Roads when he comes to examine
it and see that there is a claim m the Dili
of nearly a million dollars, the^subsidy com-
mencing on the 7th of April, 1871.
Mr. President, I could go un with these
statistics ad libitum, but.I will not weary the
Senate. I think they are satisfied by this time
that certainly this bill should under .110 con-
ceivable circumstances become a law.
Mr. DAVIS. Would it be in order to move
the reference of the bill to the Committee on
Commerce Y
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Ferry,
of Michigan, in the chair.) It would be.
Mr. DAVIS. I see that it is a bill to pro-
mote commerce, and yet it comes from the
Post Office Committee. I think the Com-
mittee on Commerce is the proper one to con-
sider it, and therefore I move to refer the bill
to that committee.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the motion to refer, made by the
Senator from West Virginia.
Mr. NYE. This bill of mine ?
Tift PRESIDING OFFICER. That is the
motion.
Mr. NYE. I have not time to attend its
funeral to-day. [Laughter.] I hope that
will not be done. You see the undertaker
here in his seat, and I do not propose to be
led to the shambles with this bill nolens volens.
I hope the motion will not prevail to refer the
bill to the Committee on Commerce. That is
its death.
Mr. STEWART. I hope the bill will be
disposed of to-day. It has been here three or
four years, and I think we can dispose of it
before we adjourn to-day. I do not think the
discussion will be lengthy. If the Senate is
in favor of it, say so. I think it will be an
economy of time to dispose of it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I should like to
quire of the Senator from Michigan who
offers the substitute whether this substitute
has the approbation of his committee?
Mr. CHANDLER. The committee have not
acted upon it. I stated that while I should
vote for it as an amendment, so far as I was
at present iuformed, I should be against it on
its final passage. It has not been acted on by
the committee, but I think it a better bill than
the original one, and therefore I offer it on my
own responsibility.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The Senator
then introduces it as au expedient by which
to kill the pending bill.
Mr. CHANDLER. That substitute, I will
state to my honorable friend, is now under
consideration, and is, I think, in the Commit-
tee on Commerce, but has not been acted
UPm"'. MORRILL, of Maine. With the hos-
tility of the chairman to it, so far as the chair-
man is concerned we are to have no bill at
all on the subject. „
I do not propose to enter mto this debate at
length. I am not, as I said on a former occa-
sion, an advocate of subsidizing commerce as
a general proposition. I took occasion to say
when this bill was up a year ago that I should
favor the bill as entirely exceptional m its
character. 1 listened to the argument of my
honorable friend from Connecticut, to whom
I always listen with the utmost pleasure, and
to his statement in regard to the commerce of
the East, particularly of Australia, and I was
struck with his observation that when the com-
merce of the East reaches the Pacific coast it
is only half on its course to the ordinary mar-
kets of this continent. There is great force,
doubtless, in that argument; it is entitled to
consideration; but how much? To the extent
that the commerce of the East must make the
trip of the Horn?
If there is force in the argument to the ex-
tent probably intended by my honorable friend,
it is an argument against all subsidies_ or all
encouragement of commerce the destiny of
which is to the western side of this continent.
But do we really mean that? Has that been
the understanding of this nation now for this
last eisrlit or ten years ? _ What have we been
doinc Tn the mean time in regard to the com-
merce of the East? Reaching out to the
Orient. What have we gained by that ? What-
do our immense subsidies to railroads to the
amount of hundreds of millions of dollars,
crossing the continent and reaching out as sa
many arms to that commerce of the East,
mean? Does that mean that this commerce
when it reaches the Pacific coast is only
half way to the markets of this .continent ?
Why, my honorable friend should remember
that this is an immensely progressive people,
that this continent is being developed as no
nation ever was before, that new centers of
commerce and new centers of trade interior
are springing up everywhere. Chicago and
St. Louis are in themselves immense centers
of tradi and commerce waiting now for the
trade of the western coast. Besides, other
centers of commerce are to spring np on this
continent. When the eastern commerce shall
-have reached the shores of the Pacific, it is
at the very doors of these new centers of trade
that are springing up in every part of this
widely extended and vastly diversified country.
Is not that so ? Is not that our understand-
ing of it? Is not that what we mean by this
vast expenditure of money for crossing this
continent by four transcontinental railways?
Have we put all this money into those great
works for nothing? Are we to be told that all
that goes for nothing, that the way still of
commerce is around the Horn ? I think not.
I think the time is not far distant when all that
commerce of the East will be distributed, or
will be chiefly distributed over this continent
through these transcontinental railways. And
so while I admit that the argument wa.s a
strong one and attracted my attention, while I
concede the force of it, I do not concede its
conclusiveness at all, and I am sure it is not
in harmony with the understanding of Congress
or with the policy of the country in those great
works of internal improvement to which I have
alluded.
Now, sir, to the east of us lies Australia, a
country it is said at the present moment with
three hundredand twenty-five millions of foreign
commerce. Is it worth while that we should
participate in it? My honorable friend, the
chairman of the Committee on Com-merce,
seems to think it is not. My honorable friend
from Connecticut thinks that he may aptly
apply the maxim, which is a sound one, that
he has stated here, that two nations that have
a surplus of the same sort of articles cannot
trade with each other profitably, and not being
able to trade with each other profitably, of
course they will not trade at all; but the par-
allel would fail for lack of similarity of country,
climate, people, soil.
Mr. CHANDLER. If my friend will pardon.
me, did I understand him to say that Australia
had a foreign commerce of three hundred and
fifty-five millions? .
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I said three
hundred and twenty-five millions.
Mr. NYE. It should be three hundred and
fifty-five millions, I think.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I do not pretend
to be very accurate. I am stating a general
PrM°SCHANDLER. The whole commerce
of Australia at the port of Melbourne for 1870
was, imports J&ll, 842,512, exports £11,430,0o9,
making £23,273,571. In 1871 the imports were
£11,619,420, exports £13,823,694, waking
£25,443,114; and for nine months ot
imports £8,525,715, exports £8,118,4-58, total
£16.644,173 ; so that the Senator is ouly mis-
taken to the extent of about $150,000,000.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. My honorable
friend is very apt to be accurate m those
thMr!'CHANDLER. I have the amount
taken from the books of the Treasury, the
official statistics. .. ,
Mr BUCKINGHAM. The statement which
I made I received from the representative ot
the Australian line. He had placed the.com-
