1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1961
Mr. COLE. The law merely authorizes, it
does not require, the thing to be done at a par-
ticular time, [ apprehend.
Mr. LOGAN. I do not mean .that it abso-
lutely requires that it shall be done on the
instant.
Mr. COLE. This can wait a year or two
years or three years, and the authorization
will still be'good, and when we are-better pre-
pared to meet expenditures of this kind we
can make the appropriation.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. As this case
involves others of a like character, I am dis-
posed to criticise a little the expressions of
the chairman of the Committee on Appropria-
tions. He tabes issue, in the remarks that
have just fallen from his. lips, with Congress,
because in its wisdom it has decided in several
places to establish public buildings. Now, I
question the propriety of any Senator here, or
any chairman of any committee, at this late
day, criticising an act of Congress that has
become a law. I do not understand the Sec-
retary of the Treasury to recommend opposi-
tion to any places where sites have been es-
tablished by Congress, and where appropria-
tions have been provided for by directing the
erection of &, building. If the Senator confines
these appropriations to places where buildings
have already been commenced, how is it pos-
sible to purchase sites without the appropria-
tion of money for that purpose? I could cite
him cases in this bill.
Mr. LOGAN. If the Senator from Michi-
gan will allow me, I desire, without interrupt-
ing his remarks, to read the law, so that he
will see what the law is in reference to this
case:
"Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentative* of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Treasury be,
and he is hereby, authorized and directed to purchase
at private sale, or by condemnation, in pursuance
of the statutes of the State of Massachusetts, a lot
of ground in the city of Fall River, Massachusetts,
suitable for a site for a public building in said city
for the accommodation of the post office, custom-
house, and other offices of the United States, and to
erect a building thereon, at a cost not exceeding,
including the cost of the ground, the sum of $200,000,
the plans for said building to be approved by the
Secretary of the Treasury and the Postmaster Gen-
eral."
Mr. COLE. Is there any particular time in
which it is to be done, to-morrow or next day ?
Mr. LOGAN. If you give a note without
the time of payment specified it is due imme-
diately.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. The chairman
ofthe Committee on Appropriations is advo-
cating economy here, and yet he says it will
answer just as well to make the appropriation
in a ease like this one, two, or three or four
years hence. It is known to anybody who has
any practical sense that after Congress has
provided for a building every day you delay
the value of that real estate enhances. The
fact being established by an act of Congress
that a public building is to go up, everybody
that owns land within the vicinity will value
that land in proportion to the certainty of the
building. Now, I say the sooner sites are pur-
chased the more economical the Government
will be in the purchase ®f those sites. I have
a case in mind where the; Government has
already provided for a site, and stipulated that
the citizens shall contribute a large propor-
tion, and they have out of $20,000 contributed
fifteen thousand, leaving but five thousand to
be provided on the part of the Government;
and yet it is the policy of this committee to
strike out the appropriation in such a case as
that whore the citizens have been invited to
contiibute three fourths upon the promise of
the Government., and compel them to wait the
motion or the advice of this committee.
I do not in bad temper criticise the desire
to economize; but I should like to infuse a
little practical business sense liere, and it is
with that view I have taken it upon me to
criticise a little in advance the other cases that
I am interested in, for I am interested gnnei-
ally in all these eases, and I think the Gov-
ernment is not doing too much in the erection
of public buildings. Certainly all citizens of
the country should have a pride in having
proper buildings erected for public uses.
Mr. COLE. I see that there is interest
felt in this matter outside of Fall River, and
even outside of Massachusetts, for an obvious
reason, I think. The appropriations for this
kind of work last year were $3,050,000, not
all of which was used up. They are swelled
this year up to $10,768,753 96, a very extra-
ordinary sum for the Government to expend
in the preseut slate of its pnances. We have
United States buildings in places where they
are needed, and where they are not needed. I
think we ought to settle this matter upon some
principle, and the committee in order to settle
it have followed so near as they could the rec-
ommendation of the Secretary of the Treasury,
who is, as we understand him, opposed to the
commencement of any new buildings, but is
in favor of completing those which have been
commenced, and perhaps in some cases those
where steps have been taken toward their con-
struction. I think if we were to adhere to
that rule we should come out safely, but if we
adopt any suggestion regarding a public build-
ing in any city where some member of the
Senate may feel an interest, we shall, as I
stated when I was up before, incur expenses
that will carry us deeper and deeper in debt
instead of permitting us to emerge from the
debt as we have been doing for a few years
past. I wish to call the attention of the Sen-
ate to the fact that the debt for the last few
months has actually increased.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I do not think this
Government can pursue any better course than
to fulfill implied engagements. The act which
has already passed and become a law author-
izes and directs a public building at Fall River.
This is merely an appropriation to carry on
that implied pledge, and I do not see how this
Government can act wisely if it shall neglect
its implied obligations. Why should it not
fulfill its present obligations which are, accord-
ing to the law, to provide at an expense of
$200,000 a site and a building for this part
of the country, where the necessities of the
Government demand it?
Mr. COLE. I would inquire of the Senator
whence that obligation that he speaks of arises?
I am certainly unadvised as to it.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. It arises from the
act already passed authorizing a building in
that locality.
Mr. COLE. The appropriation asked for
even by the Department was only half what is
proposed in the bill as it comes to us from the
House.
Mr. SCOTT. The Senator from California
has made two remarks, to both of which I
wish to direct attention. The first is that there
is evidently an interest felt outside of Massa-
chusetts on the subject of this amendment;
and the second is that the recommendation is
based upon what has been said by the Secre-
tary of the Treasury.
Now, sir, we may as well understand the
nature of the question as presented, and I say
frankly that there is an interest felt in this
question outside of Massachusetts for the rea-
son that this is but one of a number of amend-
ments, all of which propose to ignore previous
acts of Congress authorizing the commence-
ment of public buildings; and as I under-
stand the chairman to say that the committee
base their action upon the recommendation of
the Secretary of the Treasury, let me call atten-
tion to what that is and to what commentary
the Secretary himself has made upon it on his
attention being called to it. The Secretary
sajs in his annual report:
"The report of the feupervisms Architect of the
Treasury tarnishes a. concise statement of the cost
and cnniiitioii of the pubic builtlhiarss in charse of
this Department. Large suuis oi -money will be
needed fur the buildings already besun or au-
tlioii:"il i>nd I rcin-etfully advise that, beyond the
erection of pavilion hospitals, and a building for the
accommodation of the Bureau of Engraving and
Printing and the storage of the books of this De-
partment, no new works be authorized at the pres-
ent session of Congress."
The plain meaning of that language is, not
that appropriations shall not be made to con-
struct buildings already authorized, but that
other acts shall not be passed authorizing the
construction of other buildings, and as a rea-
son why this interest is felt outside ofthe Fall
River appropriation I will send to the Chair and
have read a letter written by the Secretary of
the Treasury in answer to one which I ad-
dressed to him, upon the subject of a building in
Philadelphia coming within exactly the same
description as that of Fall River, Massachusetts
namely, one authorized by an act of the last
session of Congress, and 1 presume that what
he says here with reference to the buildings at
Philadelphia, St. Louis, and Cincinnati may
be applied to all the others that have been
authorized by act of Congress, as I did not
direct his attention to more than the one in
which I was immediately interested. I ask
that the Clerk read the letter.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Tbeasubt Department,
Office of thf. Secretary,
February 27,1873.
Sir: In reply to a letter of this date, signed by
yourself and Mr. Myers of the House, in which you
say that " the Committee on Appropriations of the
Senate have struck from the sundry civil bill the
appropriation for the new post office building at
Philadelphia, and that this has been done on the
supposition that your recent letter discouraged ap-
propriations for new'buildings," I have to say that
my letter conformed in its recommendations to the
statement in my annual report, page 13 of the
pamphlet edition, a copy of which is herewith in-
closed. It was understood by me that appropriations
would be made for buildings commenced or author-
ized by law, but that no appropriations should be
made for new buildings beyond those mentioned in
the report.
- I certainly expected that provision would be made
for commencing a public building at Philadelphia,
another at St. Louis, and another at Cincinnati, in-
asmuch as the legislation of the last session had
committed the Government to these expenditures.
Very respectfully,
GEO. S. BOTJTWELL.
Secretary.
Hon. John Scott, United States Senate.
Mr. SCOTT. I desire that view to be appli-
cable to the general subject. When the specific
case mentioned in that letter comes, up, I may
have something more to say.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I desire to say
one word before this question passes from the
Senate. We may as well have a general un-
derstanding how this question ought to be set-
tled, because it does involve, as has already
been said, several localities. The appropri-
ation for public buildings is over $10,000,000
as the bill comes from the House. The
amendments proposed by the committee re-
duce it by between three and four millions.
I understand, though I had not the honor of
being in the committee at the time this bill
was being examined, that the action of the
committee is based upon this principle : first.,
that $10,000,000 is too large a sum for the
Government to appropriate at this time for
that particular object, that the finances of
the Government do not admit of it, that em-
barrassment will grow out of it; it is nearly
twice as much as it was last year, and it is a
very large sum of money to be appropriated
to this particular object.
The committee, aware of the recommenda-
tion of the Secretary of the Treasury, took the
hint from the recommendation of the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, which is to the effVct
that the expenses of the Government are so
large that economy in this particular branch
of the service is necessary to be observed.
Well, how observed? Why, he says there
ought not tobe in the present condition of affa-rs
any more authority given for new buildings.
The committee looking at these appropria-
tions, this large amount, say that it is ex-
pedient now where works have been author-
ized but have not been comme'iced, that they
should not be commenced this year; and in
