1962
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28,
harmony with that policy, so to say, of the
committee, they have stricken from this bill
appropriations in this particular class of cases
where no expenditure has been made in the
process' of erection.
Now, Mr. President, I desire to call the atten-
tion of the Senate to another fact which is
manifestly wrong in this bill as it came from
the House, I think, and that is this : notwith-
standing this hint of the Secretary of the
Treasury in regard to the excess of appropria-
tions and expenditures this year, cautioned
as to oar. future action in regard to the sub-
ject, the House of Representatives have ex-
ceeded in the case to which I am referring the
estimates of the Secretary of the Treasury.
Take the case under consideration. The bill
appropriates $200,000 for a work not yet com-
menced. The recommendation of the Secre-
tary of the Treasury is $100,000; and I believe
that is true pretty much through the bill.
Take for instance the estimate for the pur-
chase of a site and to commence the erectiop
of a -building at Philadelphia. The recom-
mendation there is a million, the appropria-
tion a million and a half of dollars. Now, I
submit whether it is not obvious to the sense
of the Senate that we are pushing this thing
too far. If it should turn out to be the sense
of the Senate that there is some faith pledged
by the authority for these buildings, then I
submit whether the circumstances of the times
do not require that we should adhere scrupu-
lously to the estimates of the Department as
to the necessity of the amount of appropria-
tion. Why this departure? Cah anybody
give a reason why lor the purpose of com-
mencing the work in Philadelphia more than
a million dollars this year is necessary? Now,
I propose before action is taken on this sub-
ject to reduce this appropriation.
For purchase of site and constructipn of a build-
ing for the custom-house at Ball River, Massachu-
setts, $200,000.
I move to strike out "two" and insert
"one," to make it conform to the estimates
of the Department.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment to the amendment.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion recurs on the amendment of the commit-
tee as amended.
The amendment as amended was rejected.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Ishouldlike
to ask the Senator from Maine as totheappro-
priation in.line seven hundred and ninety-five.
I see the committee recommended $25,000,
while the House bill appropriated $75,000.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I have been
out of the Chamber until this moment.
Mr. MORRILL, ofVermont. I desire to say
that when a building was provided for in Rock-
land, Maine, its cost was limited to $50,000,
and $25,000 was appropriated last year, and
this $25,000 that the Committee on Appro-
priations of the Senate recommend, would
make the full amount to which the cost of the
site and building was originally limited.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I am not ad-
vised about that question. .1 have only been
in the Senate a moment or two.
, The PRESIDING OFFICER. The read-
ing of the bill will proceed.
The next amendment of the Committee
on Appropriations was in line nine hundred
and eighty-three, to reduce the appropriation
for continuing the work on the new State,
War, and Navy Department buildings from
$2,000,000 to $1,500,000.
Mr. CORBETT. It seems to me we have
got to make a reduction in some of these large
appropriations if we are to give any appropri-
ations to other places. If the entire amount
that can be devoted to public buildings is to be
appropriated to the public buildings in this
District, of course we cannot afford to make
appropriations for other public buildings ,
throughout the country, and which the com-
mittee propose to strike out of the bill. If, in
the present instance, we can reduce the appro-
priation still further and make it $1,000,000,
and also strike out the appropriation from line
nine hundred and eighty-five to nine hundred
and eighty-eight, if it is not absolutely indis-
pensable that the building should be com-
menced at once, then we could afford to vote
some of these other appropriations ; but if we
give such large appropriations to this District,
$2,000,000 at a time, of course some of these
other buildings will have to be stricken out.
I therefore move to amend the amendment by
striking out "$500,000" so as to leave the
appropriation $1,000,000.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I trust that
that will not be done. This building must be
completed, and there is no work about the
city for the Government which it would be
more economical for the Government to push
to completion than this building. We are
renting large numbers of buildings now for
the War Department and for the State Depart-
ment, and it is important that they should
have the money as fast as it can be reasonably
and efficiently used for the construction of this
building. It will be seen that the Committee
on Appropriations have already cut down the
appropriation in the bill half a million dol-
lars for the purpose of applying that amount
for the object stated in the next paragraph. I
think the committee have acted wisely, and I
hope the Senate will concur in their recom-
mendation.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Oregon moves to amend the
amendment by reducing the appropriation to
$1,000,000.
Mr. CORBETT. If we had this amount of
money to give readily to this building it would
be all very well; but we cannot give a million
and a half to this one building and do justice
to other portions of the country. For that
reason I have made the motion to strike out,
in order that justice may be done to 6ther
portions of the country.
The amendment to the amendment was
rejected—ayes one, noes not counted.
The amendment of the committee was
adopted.
The next amendment was on page 41, after
line nine hundred and eighty-four, to insert:
For the erection of a suitable building for tho
storage of books and papers belonging to the Treas-
ury Department, and tor the accommodation of the
Bureau of Engraving and Printing, 6500,000.
Mr. LOGAN. I do not rise to oppose this
amendment, but I should like to hear an ex-
planation from some member of the commit-
tee, so that we may understand the necessity
for it. It appears to be an appropriation for a
building for storage of papers and for the
Printing Bureau of the Treasury Department.
I should like to know the necessity for such an
appropriation.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. This is inserted
on the recommendation of the Committee on
Finance, who will explain the matter.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. This amend-
ment is recommended both by the Committee
on Finance and the Committee on Public
Buildings and Grounds. At the present
moment the Printing and Engraving estab-
lishment is conducted and carried on in the
Treasury Department building. I think it will
be conceded by all Senators that that building
is altogether too expensive and of such a
character that this kind of business ought not
to be conducted in it. The machinery is jarr-
ing the foundations of the building, and we are
running great risk of fire ; and in addition to
that the room is absolutely required for other
purposes. Any one who will pass through the
lower rooms of the building will find the cor-
ridors crammed and jammed with documents
for which they have no room, and for which
there ought to be a fire-proof building. This
appropriation is intended merely to build a
very large brick fire-proof building in order
to conduct this business, and for the safety of
the public documents.
Mr. CASSERLY. Five hundred thousand
dollars seems an excessive sum for any such
purpose as that which is mentioned in this
amendment. Why should a building for the
storage of papers and for the accommodation
of the Bureau of Engraving and Printing cost
$500,000 to begin with? OF course that is
not the total cost.
Mr. COLE. Oh, yes; that is all it will
cost; the total cost.
Mr. CASSERLY. Very well, sir ; if that
is the total cost, it will be a vara avis indeed
in appropriations. t
Mr. SHERMAN. I can tell the Senator
from California, if he will allow me tb inter-
rupt him 
Mr. CASSERLY. Certainly; I want in-
formation on the subject.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Secretary of the
Treasury has for a year or two pressed upon
the Committee on Public Buildings and
Grounds, and also upon the Committee on
Finance, the necessity for providing some
place for carrying on the operations of the
Bureau of Printing and Engraving in the
Treasury Department, and also for the storing
of immense masses of documents accumulated
during the war, vouchers, and other papers.
After a good deal of consideration the Com-
mittee on Public Buildings and Grounds, after
examining the plans and estimates, agreed
upon a place and plan of building, and re-
ported a bill here, and I do not know but that
it passed the Senate; at any rate, it was re-
ported to the Senate. Afterward the matter
came before the Committee on Finance, and
we also examined it, and came to the conclu-
sion that it was better to fix definitely the
amount, and have the building completed for
the purpose and for the amount named.
I have no doubt that it is the interest of the
United States to remove the Printing Bureau
from the Treasury Department building for
the reasons stated by the Senator from Ver-
mont, and that the erection of a fire-proof
building, to be built very strong indeed, for a
storehouse for public documents and vouchers
that must be preserved, and also for the regu-
lar and ordinary operations of. the Bureau of
Engraving, is a matter of public economy. The
building is to be located in one of the large
reservations near the Treasury Department.
I think it will be economy to build it and com-
plete it in a single season. It is not to be a
very expensive building. It is to be a very
large building. I think the plan is two hun-
dred and fifty feet long by about seventy feet.
It is to be a plain, substantial, strong building
fqr mechanical purposes and for a storehouse.
That is the whole of it.
Mr. COLE. If further information is de-
sired on the subject, although they will take
some time to read, I will present a letter from
the Secretary of the Treasury, and also one
from the Supervising Architect. The building
is to be located south of the Treasury Depart-
ment on the public grounds owned by the
Government, and will be, according to pres-
ent calculation, two tundred and fifty feet long
by fifty-six feet six inches wide, four stories
high besides basement, and to be built of very
thick walls, so that it will be a safe deDOsitoi'y
for the archives and papers of the Govern-
ment which have accumulated largely in the
Treasury Department and afford safe accom-
modation for the Printing and Engraving Bu-
reau of that Department.
Mr. CORBETT. I understand that this
recommendation is made with a view that
these other _ appropriations reported against
are to be stricken out.
Mr. SHERMAN. Oh, no; it has no con-
nection with .them.
Mr. CORBETT. I notice in the bill that
the appropriation for the Philadelphia post
office is proposed to be striken out entirely,
