1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLO.BE.
1003
If that was the cost then, when every article
?'. transportation and labor was cheaper than
it is to day, I ask if it would not cost more to
transport coal on those roads to day, and if
coal, the cheapest article which can be trans-
ported and transported on those cheap cars,
will cost so much, I ask you, sir, and I ask the
Senate if it will not cost more than double
that to carry produce of any description over
a railroad that cost so much as the road from
here to California has cost?
My idea of aiding commerce with Australia
is not to aid it in that direction, but to aid it
in a more direct way. There is a commerce
between Australia and this country. It is be-
tween Australia and the eastern section of this
country. We do want some of the products
of those islands in the South sea. They do
want some of the productions of our Bast.
They want some of our hardware, they want
our oil, they want our sewing-machines, they
want our hoes, they want our agricultural im-
plements ; but in my judgmentthese articles
can be carried so as to aid commerce far
cheaper by sea alone than by the land and sea.
But the honorable Senator from Maine in-
quires if you can transport merchandise from
China to California, why can you not trans-
port it from Australia to California? The
merchandise is of an entirely different char-
acter. The one is a richer article and more
valuable per pound or per ton, and when you
come to add forty dollars per ton to an article
that is worth $100 a ton, and forty dollars a
ton to an article which is worth $1,000 per
ton, you make a great difference in the per-
centage, and the time makes a difference.
You can afford to transport many articles pro-
duced in China to California, and from there
here by railroad, when you cannot afford to
transport the articles of Australia the same
way.
There is another reason why we can sub-
sidize a line to China in preference to Aus-
tralia. In the one case we open trade with
three hundred and fifty million people; in the
other with less than forty millions. The trade
with forty millions is not to be despised, but
the trade of three hundred and fifty millions
is to be earnestly sought. That is the differ-
ence ; and one you can get through the Pacific
and over the railroad, and the other you can
get better, because you can get it cheaper, by
water. The very articles which are to be
transferred from one people to the other are
of such a character that their bulk, their
weight, and their, value demand the cheapest
transportation.
I will not weary the Senate further.
Mr. CORBE'iT. The argument that com-
merce cannot be maintained between Austra-
lasia and the United States in consequence of
the productions of the United States being
similar to those of Australasia, does not hold
good as between England and America. We
all know that the productions of England and
of this country are similar in character and
kind, and yet we have an immense commerce
with England, more extensive than all the rest
of our commerce put together. Our com-
merce is chiefly with those countries that have
productions similar to our own. When there
is a scarcity in any one of those productions
in the country where it is produced, it draws
from that country which produces a similar
article. So in the case of Australia, if it is
short in its wheat crop, it draws from Cali-
fornia. If it is short in many other articles,
it also draws from California. On the other
hand, if wc on the Pacific coast are short of
articles produced in Australia, we may import
them to some extent from that country.
As reference has been made to China and the
commerce of China, let me ask how is that
commerce a profitable trade? What does
China take from us? Is not that commerce
devoted to imports from China almost exclu-
sively ? We export but very little to China,
comparatively speaking. It is true they are
beginning to use much of our breadstuffs. We
are exporting our flour and wheat to these
people. Many of them have come to our
coast and have learned to use the same articles
of sustenance that we use in the United States,
and when they return they introduce those ar-
ticles into China, and they are now beingused
there to a very large extent. Another article
of export is cotton goods and drills, that are
exported to China for our exchanges; but the
great body of our exports to China is specie-
silver and gold. Our export of the precious
metals to that country is very large. The ex-
ports from this country to Australasia are very
much,greater, I have no doubt they $re ten
times greater, proportionately, than our ex-
ports to China, including the metals which we
send there.
This bill has been before the Senate for
nearly two years. Tbe gentleman who has
established this line of ships .between the
Pacific coast and Australasia has by his indom-
itable energy succeeded in maintaining it thus
far. A man of less energy, less wealth, could
not have succeeded in maintaining until the
present time this line of ships. The ships
were nearly new, I believe only four or five
years old when they were put upon the line.
They were formerly in the trade between New
York and California. After the completion
of the railroads between the Pacific and the
Atlantic coasts the vessels became useless to
some extent on that line, and this avenue of
trade being opened up to the view of this
enterprising citizen, he took these vessels, and
used them to develop a new trade, and he
placed them upon this line against an English
line of vessels that was then established on
this route. His vessels being very much bet-
ter and finer than the others, he succeeded in
establishing himself, to the exclusion of that
line. _ That line has now withdrawn, and the
English Government are considering the ques-
tion whether they will not subsidize another
line of ships, of a better class, to supersede the
American line. We have this line now, and by
a little aid that we may give it for the next four
or five years we can establish it permanently.
The same state of things as now exists in
this case presented itself to our Government
with regard to the Collins line of steamers,
which was established a number of years ago
by an enterprising citizen of this country.
Being unable to maintain it with the small
subsidy that was paid him at the time, and the
Government refusing to increase that subsidy,
the Government of England increased its sab-
sidy to the English line of steamers, and thereby
superseded the American line. In consequence
of that and the failure of Congress to give the
requisite aid to that line of steamers we lost
the trade of the Atlantic. We now have pre-
sented to us the trade of the Pacific ; and the
question to-day is whether you will give the
requisite aid to this line of steamers, with a
view of securing your share of the trade of
forty millions of people, or whether you will
abandon it to a foreign Power.
Between California and Australia lie a num-
ber of productive islands, rich in their produc-
tions, and many of their products are required
by our country. In consequence of their nearer
location to our country we are enabled to send
our products to those islands, and by the quick
exchange of commcrco and of these products
we are enabled to maintain ourselves against
competition with foreign Powers, they having
to transport their goods a much greater dis-
tance than we do.
The question now presented to us is whether
we shall still maintain this line, still increase
this commerce and the market for the products
of this country, or whether we shall abandon
it. For myself I do not hesitate to say that I
am in favor of maintaining this commerce and
strengthening it in every way in our power.
The State which I have the honor in part to
represent has felt the importance of this line,
and the usefulness of it in the outlets it has
furnished to us for our lumber, and our fish,
which are being caught in very great quantities,
and which are not found in Australia. They
are exported to a very large extent. That
commerce is increasing rapidly; and if we
now cut off this line of communication it will
totally destroy the exportation of fish. The
salmon, being a very delicate fish, cannot sus-
tain a long voyage. It becomes sweated and
heated, and its value is thus destroyed. Con-
sequently there is a necessity for a quick line
of steamers in order to give to us the advan-
tages of the exportation of these articles, so
that they may arrive in good order, or other-
wise they will be entirely spoiled. This inter-
est has become very large in the State which
I represent, and we feel that to destroy this
communication now will cut off a very large
branch of our trade.
The commerce of the United States now, I
believe, amounts to about a thousand million
dollars, and the great bulk of that commerce
is being done in foreign bottoms. We have
not subsidized lines upon the Atlantic, and it
would be with great difficulty that we could
establish them there; but upon the Pacific we
have this field entirely open to us as yet, and
while we have the opportunity it seems to mo
we ought to seize upon it to establish this line
of communication permanently.
If there is no commerce between Australia
and the United States, as gentleman say, let
me ask them how is it that this line of steamers
is maintained. They must certainly be doing
some business. But Senators may then in-
quire why does the line need a subsidy. For
the reason that the ships are wearing out, and
Mr. Webb is unable to place upon the line
other desirable ships for this trade without the
aid of the Government. While he can ran
these vessels, perhaps, with his own money for
a short time longer, yet when these vessels
are worn out he will be unable to place new
ones upon the line, and therefore he comes
before Congress and asks you to give him a
subsidy to enable him to build ships suitable
to this trade, to continue the trade and to
establish it permanently.
For these reasons, Mr. President, briefly
stated, I shall feel it my duty as the represent-
ative of a portion of the people of the Pacific
coast to give my vote to sustain this line in
every way practicable. The bill having been
before the Committee on Commerce and there
considered, a portion of the committee being
in favor of the bill and a portion against it, I
do not think any new light will be gaiued by
referring it to them. Besides, it is very im-
portant to the owners of this line that the
question should be determined at once in
order that they may know what is to be done,
whether they are to be maintained or whether
they must relinquish this trade. I think it is
due to them that we should dispose of the
question to-day.
_ Mr. FREL1NGUYSEN. Mr. President, I
simply wish to state in a very few words the
reasons why I shall vote against this bill.
I listened with great pleasure to the beauti-
ful address of my friend from Nevada, and all
the encomiums he pronounced upon the com-
merce of our country I cordially and sincerely
indorse. He was right in every position that
he took; but it seems to me that this system
of subsidies in the long run instead of aiding
will injure the commerce of the country. A
subsidy to a line of ships makes it a monop-
oly, with which private enterprise cannot com-
pete; and while it may establish one line tem-
porarily, it will prevent private capital, private
enterprise from entering into commerce. That
is the objection, in my opinion, to aiding com-
merce in that manner. There may be excep-
tional cases when this temporary aid is neces-
sary.
The aid which Government ought to give to
