1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
39
ii
valuable to himself and to society, and more
honored ami esteemed. Agriculture and the
mechanic arts always lack recruits, and most
lack recruits that have been drilled. Willing
hands can here always find room for boundless
enterprise. Our own artisans, however, like
too ninny other Americans, most esteem the
dignity of pecuniary profits and are generally
supposed to be more proud of swifi work than
of the skillful and dexterous. They wear out
and leave too few honored names to gild their
memories and stamp their workmanship. Let
them be taught better. Agriculture also should
have such a base of scientific instruction as
will enable every farmer to obtain more valu-
able crops without an annual and permanent
depletion of the soil. In Great Britain they
have certainly studied agricultural economy
by scientific methods longer and more pro-
foundly than we have ever been prompted to
do in America, and yet they had in 1871 four
million fewer sheep than in 1808, and in 1871
ihe number of cattle was fewer by seventy thou-
sand than in 1870. In 1872 the general out-
cry there as to the increased cost of butcher's
meat has been fearful. Our condition as to
sheep and cattle is not wholly dissimilar,
and was temporarily rather worse, when the
slaughter-pens of the recent war made such
notable havoc of American stock, and from
which we are but slowly recovering.*
A diminishing stock, from which must be
fed an increasing population, is a calamity to
be avoided by any nation, for the shrinkage in
stock will be followed by an equal shrinkage
of crops. This is a point that should be
looked after, and before we have squandered
all the natural fertility of our soil.
Architecture, sculpture, and painting reached
a position in or before the fifteenth and six-
teenth century beyond which they have not
since advanced, although science, philosophy,
and literature have been making some of their
grandest strides. The world is again giving
more attention to the fine arts, and, more com-
mendable still, it is endeavoring, by more highly
trained labor, to educate and elevate the whole
race of man. Among the evidences of this is
the opportunity which is being offered to arti-
sans and to all ambitious young men for special
education. No doubt some of this is of a ;
cheap sort, but it is a move in the right direc-
tion. Decide what you are fit for and go
about it, appears to be the order of the day.'
OTHER NATIONS MOVING.
Italy within ten years past has established
eighty-nine civil and military institutions for
technical instruction. Of these, eleven are
intended exclusively for officers and non-com-
missioned officers of the army and navy, and
the whole number are rapidly rising into
importance. The number of teachers to each
averages above eleven.
Even Great Britain is moving in this direc-
tion, and moreover has been driven step by
step, as limitations on suffrage have been
removed, to pay some regard to universal edu-
cation, as the grant for educational purposes,
which was only £30,000 (or $160,000) in 1840,
and raised to £1,196,251 (or $5,981,255) in
1871, sufficiently shows.
From the diplomatic report, made to the
British Parliament in 1871, we find that the
republic of Switzerland devotes thirteen and
one fourth per cent, of its total revenue from
all sources to education. The Federal Gov-
ernment there takes the initiative, but the task
of patting measures into practice devolves
chiefly on the commnnes. This report con-
tains the following pregnant words :
" With that practical genius of which such striking
illustrations are given by the Swiss people in the
management both of their private and pnblie affairs,
they have long since arrived at the conviction that
•The number of our cattle in 1860 was 28,967,028,
and fell off in 1870 to 28,074,582, or, while our popula-
tion increased twenty-two and a half per cent,., our
cattle decreased about three and a half per cent.
the education of tbe masses is the only sound basis
of a State with free institutions, and the most effect-
ive lever to raise tho moral as well as the niatoria.1
condition of a nation."
Even in Greece they are at last awaking to
the necessity of a more earnest and practical
education. A literary university, though at-
tended by twelve hundred and forty-four stu-
dents—one half of whom being law students,
or not a disproportionate number for acountry
ten times larger—brings forth neither a Per-
icles nor a Phidias. They have, however,
some vanity touching " the vision and faculty
divine " of their ancestors, and have recently
established at Athens a polytechnic school,
but thus far it has only offered instruction in
painting, sculpture, wood-engraving, casting
in plaster, and architectural and mechanical
arts. With this rather meager modern ex-
hibit of classic Greece, the proud " mother of
arts and eloquence," we may pardon the im-
patience of their minister of public instruc-
tion when he says:
" Better that the university itself should become
an agency to impart intelligence to agricultural and
manufacturing industry, than to add to the existing
number of professional idlers."
It may be remembered that Cowper has
said:
" An idler is a watch that wants both hands,
As useless if it goes as when it stands."
Since 1847 they have instituted in Belgium
" workmen's decorations," or gold or silver
badges of distinction, worn externally, like a
star of an order of knighthood, as a special
mode of rewarding skillful and meritorious j
artisans "of recognized ability and irreproach-
able conduct." These are limited in number,
and those who obtain the distinction are enti-
tled to wear the decoration, attached by a
ribbon, on the left breast. It is accompanied j
by a diploma, artistically engraved, setting
forth the name and qualifications of the recip-
ient, which is usually framed and hung in a
conspicuous place in the artisan's dwelling.
This is an order of merit fit to be recognized
by agricultural and mechanical societies under
a republican form of government.
European nations have long struggled, and
at immense cost, to maintain a balance of mil-
itary power, and even now an increase of the
army and navy by one Government pushes on
an equal increase among others as a matter of
self-protection. How much greater the neces-
sity for our protection is itthat we should main-
tain a balance of educational forces and keep
pace with the progress of intellectual develop-
ment which is visibly and daily so surely add-
ing largely to the power and vitality of nations!
This is a kind of rivalry to be welcomed, and
such as drives no nation to bankruptcy.
WE ABB NOT WHOLLY IDLE.
But we are doing something. The Massa-
chusetts Institute of Technology (in addition
to an agricultural college that has come to be
regarded as a model) was to some extent a
recipient of the fund derived from the land
grant, and, though not bearing the name of a
college, there are few institutions doing more
useful and thorough work for the instruction
of the industrial classes; and here, also, they
Work, as may be seen by their catalogue, not
only for the State of Massachusetts, but for
not less than thirteen other States which are
represented among their students. Like the
scientific department so cordially attached to
Yale College, it is already national in its char-
acter and in its effects. It has " provoked
good works'' elsewhere. The national power,
however, here, as in other States, only tenders
initial and directing aid, while the State has
the sole charge and consummation of the
work to be done.
The president of the Wisconsin University
writes that, " but for the stimulus of the land
grant the institution would hardly be in exist-
ence ; that the agricultural and military de-
partments are thoroughly organised, the fund
safe, and that the prospects are good, but that
they need a million."
From Delaware we are told that the funda-
mental expenses in a small State are as much
as in a large State, and to succeed they must
have more aid.
The president of Dartmouth Agricultural
College states that " the students are gen-
erally young men of limited means ; that the
land grant has induced private liberality to
establish a large number of scholarships,
was the chief means of establishing a board
of agriculture in the State, and has done
much in calling attention especially to the
importance of more science among farmers."
In Tennessee the president writes from
Knoxville that "a good college education
within reach, at the small annual expense of
$125, including board, lodging, fuel, &c., can-
not be otherwise than extensive and import-
ant " in its results.
In Kentucky three hundred students selected
by the State are admitted free, while the tuition
and room-fee for others is only twenty-five
dollars, and board about $1 60 per week.
I have given these mutilated extracts merely
as specimens of the tenor of letters received
from these institutions. They are all brimful
of faith, hope, and courage.
But, while there is much of encouragement,
there is much more required. For instance,
Philadelphia, with six hundred thousand in-
habitants, and more largely engaged in indus-
trial employments than any other city on the
continent, has no system of technical, indus-
trial, or art education which reaches more
than forty pupils. Many States, as well as
cities, are no better cared for.
The grave importance of the subject must be
my apology for using so much of my time in
the discussion of educational systems, and of
the general educational requirements of our
people as a nation. The remaining points to
which I shall ask attention will be touched
with more commendable brevity.
EQUALITY OP ENDOWMENTS.
The former act of Congress made a distri-
bution of lands on the basis of the number of
presidential electors for each State, or the
number of Representatives and Senators of
each State. This was an approximation to the
ratio of population, made at the earliest time
possible after the taking of the census, but still
only an approximation, and destitute of abso-
lute accuracy.
The present bill proposes an equal State dis-
tribution, or to complete the endowment of
one college in each State. If Senators, at the
first glance, should question the propriety of
such a basis of distribution, I ask their respect-
ful attention to some of the reasons which may
be offered in its support. In the first place
this course is necessary in order to escape the
extremes of either giving too much to some
States or too little to others. Any rule accord-
ing to population within the boundary lines of
States would plant colleges in more than half
of the States of such puny strength and with
such inferior equipments that they could never
take root, and a general failure would be inev-
itable. The smaller States have smaller wealth.,
and but few men of large fortunes upon whom
to rely for auxilliary aid. In the larger States
not only legislators, but many individuals with
ample resources, are found ready and eager to
make munificent contributions to the support
of such institutions, in some instances even in
excess of the national bounty, as in the case
of the Cornell University in New York, where
the large-hearted and large-handed Mr. Cornell
has given of his own private fortune $1,342,000,
and which with the 990,000 acres of land
received is still insufficient, according to Mr.
Cornell, to fully develop and support the insti*
tution even in its opening career of usefulness.
Kindred liberality, public and private, in Mas
sachusetts and Connecticut has also been pro
duclive of noble results. Substantial addi
