1004
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 31,
commerce, in my opinion, is simply this : we
ought by a system, not only of drawbacks on the
material of which ships are built, butof bounties
also on the tonnage ot ships which would cover
the. increased cost of labor in this country,
adopt such legislation as would make it pos-
sible to build a ship in America as cheaply as
in England. But even then the difficulty is
not met, because it is more expensive to main-
tain ships here when they are built. I would
continue that same system of drawbacks, per-
mitting those who are engaged ill commerce to
take free of duty from our own bonded ware-
houses all such material as is in this country
subject to duty and which is used in the line
of commerce. In that manner the Government
would be evidently aiding commerce, and
enterprise would be free and no monopoly
would be created to interfere with the private
enterprise of individuals.
Mr. NYE. Let me say to the honorable
Senator from New Jersey that when the happy
day shall arrive that his hopes and expectations
in that respect are realized, as come I hope it
may very soon, then the question of subsidies
will assume another shape. But I speak of
the present time.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. If I am not
mistaken, I think at the last session of Con-
gress we entered partially upon this very sys-
tem in the drawbacks that were given at the
instance of the Senator from Maine to the
building of ships in this country.
Mr. NYE. Mr. President, I am not warring
with the remedy proposed by the honorable
Senator from New Jersey by any means; I
will help him in it if it comes up during iny
official life, which is not likely, for our Com-
mittee on Commerce are as mute upon that
question as though they had never been born.
I do not stand alone in the recommendation
of a subsidy for this line. It has received the
commendation and the approval of the Cham
ber of Commerce of Sau Francisco, and let no
man think that that is a very small indorse-
ment, for there is paid into the treasure house
of this nation there more than $8,000,000 per
annum. Therefore, that sustains me, because
they are moil who look as far abroad into the
future and who are as well able to judge upon
present legislation as gentlemen who dwell in
the theory yet of wind voyages instead of that
power that resists both wind and sail.
Sir, you might as well return on the Hud-
son river to the old craft—1 forget exactly
what it was called—-that carried wood down the
river, and her whole crew shouted with joy
when Pulton's engine stopped upon its eighth
revolution. I like well enough the old sail
ships that are past; but, sir, they are not. to
be compared with the commerce of the present
any more than the lightning of the hills to
the full orbed sun.
Am I alone in this recommendation? The
President of the United States has recom-
mended it in his message; the Secretary of
the Treasury of the United States has recom-
mended it in his report; the Postmaster Gen-
eral of the nation has recommended it in his
report, and they have stated, as given in that
able report which was drawn by my friend
from California, [Mr. Cole,J some amazing
facts; and I want my friend from Michigan
[Mr. Chandler] to listen to information
drawn from authentic sources, and not from a
wild ofisprout that is an estray now from Aus-
tralia.
Mr. President, I hold in myliand the report
made by the Senate Committee on Post Offices
and Post Roads, and I beg here to say that
it is a report of as much research and careful
exposition of research as any document that
lies upon your table. The President says:
"I would also recommcnd liberal measures for the
purpose of supporting: the American lines ofsteam-
ers now plying between San Francisco and Japan
and China, and the Australian line, (alniostouronly
remaining lines of ocean steamers,) and of increas-
ing their services."
Thus speaks the man who stands at the
head of the Government of the United States.
Thus speak all good-sensed men who talk
upon this question:
*1 The Postmaster General, in his report of Novem-
ber 18,1871, also strongly urges aid being given to
this line, as follows:
'"An application was madeto Congress, atitslast
session, by American citizens, for governmental aid
in establishing an American line of mail steamships
between San Francisco, New Zealand, and the Aus-
tralian colonies, by way of the Sandwich Islands.
A bill granting a money subsidy to the proposed 1 ine
was reported by the Senate Committee on Post Offices
and Post Eoads, but it failed to pass the Senate, as
did all other similar bills proposing Government aid
^projected steamship lines.' * * * *
'" There can be no question of the commercial
importance to the United States of establishing and
maintaining a direct and rapid steam communica-
tion by American steamships with the countries and
islands of the southwest Pacific ocean. Such a line
will secure to our citizens a large share of the trade
of those colonies, now rapidly growing in popula-
tion and wealth, and greatly benefit the general
business interests of the country. A large portion
of the heavy traffic and travel between Europe and
Australia, which has heretofore taken the routes
via Suez and the Cape of Good Hope, will bo trans-
ferred to the American route via San Francisco, if
reliable and rapid steam communication shall be
permanently established between that port and the
countries of Australasia. Already, since the inau-
guration of direct steamship service from San Fran-
cisco, heavy English mails are being transported
across our continent to and from New Zealand and
the Australian fcolomes, the time occupied in their
conveyance to destination being loss by nearly two
weeks than by the Suez route."'
What mean gentlemen when they stand here
and say that it takes longer to come by way of
San Francisco 1 Did you ever see an Eng-
lishman miss a mail? He counts every dav
of delay a century in his progress. If you
establish a mail by reindeers to Alaska, and
it is a day or an hour quicker, Englishmen
will adopt it, like the wise people they are.
The honorable Senator from Connecticut [Mr.
Buckingham] seems to think that if it does
take a little longer it is cheaper in the end.
Commerce is not mean; commerce is not
stingy ; commerce is bioadcast, and goes where
its interest requires, with a courage that is
admirable.
What does all this opposition mean? It
means that my friend from Michigan does not
intend that we shall have any commerce with
Australia. But, sir, puny will be the effort to
prevent it, and deep will be the sorrow of the
American people, if they do not embrace the
present opportunity.
Mr. President, here speak the organs of our
Government. Where else shall we look for
light ? The President, who takes a view of all
the interests of the country, recommends and
counsels us here as to what he deems best.
He tells you subsidize the line to Australia.
The Postmaster General, whose eye is directed
in his sphere all over the world, with nothing
but an honest desire to make our mails accom-
modate the commerce of the inhabitants of the
world as quick as possible, tells us subsidize this
line to Australia. The Secretary of the Treas-
ury, whose keen eye is always upon the nation's
exchequer, and who discharges his duty with a
fidelity that does him credit and his country
justice, tells us subsidize the line to Australia.
Thus, every organ of the Government from
the President down to his officers here, who
make this report on the mail service and who
show you that England carries her mail by
our route, tell us subsidize this line, and you
bring in its train, says the Postmaster General
in effect, the growing commerce across our
continent.
My honorable friend from Connecticut cal-
culates exceedingly close. He can tell you
what the cost of transportation has been, from
an old barrel-bow sail-ship to the present hour.
He keeps his eye closely upon the mills and
cents of railroad fare. But let me tell him one
thing. There is no place on God's earth where
transportation is as cheap as it is from San
Francisco to New York. The distance is
thirty-five hundred miles, and "I stand here
to challenge any one to show a system of
communication so rapid, so quick, and so
cheap. It is supplemental to the great arteries
that thread our whole continent, like the well
marked artery of the human system. It is trib-
utary to them ; and they, with gaping mouths,
reach out for an influx of business for them to
perform. Every day that a pound of freight or
a cargo crosses our continent on its final des-
tination to Europe is a day of proud triumph
to'the American citizen.
I hope, sir, there will be no question about
this bill. I feel an abiding interest in it. I
feel as though it would be a fitting close of my
official life to see this arm of our strength so
bolstered up, so sustained, as to make it a grand
success.
Sir, I am not to be laughed off by the talk
about old hulks. What means the Senator
from Michigan, when he speaks in that way?
He is well acquainted with the custom of inland
commerce. But he says that all the steam-
boats have gone to ruin on the lakes. Tftat
commerce has been under his particular care
and attention. His nursing has brought it
death. Other nursing would give it life and
strength and power. I was forcibly reminded
of what the honorable Senator from Maine
and others told my friend, and I say to him,
you deal in flat-bottom-center boats. But we
are talking of commerce that bears our flag to
the end of the world. If Lake Erie's com-
merce did not flourish under my friend's
administration, commerce nowhere will.
Now, sir, a word about these hulks. What
hulks are there? Why, sir, there never was
anything so prominent in the Senator's mind
as decay, dissolution, and death. Ships rot,
he says. So have they always rotted. An
American ship rots no quicker than a British
ship. When one of their ships rots, what do
they do ? Do they let it die? No, they build
anew like wise men. His policy would bring
everything to a dead stand as quick as when
the seal of England was lost and it was thought
the Government was gone with it. An old
man who was by said he thought they had bet-
ter try one experiment and that was to make
another; that rather than let the Government
die they had better make another seal. If one
ship rots, build another, and that is my policy
to have this company in a position where they
can build another. Suppose the edict should
go forth that ships as long as they are new
shall be subsidized and when they are old they
shall rot and decay and go down. That being
the policy of England would have made the
ocean as barren of her ships as it is of ours
to day.
No, sir, there is no mistake in the premises.
If you would make our nation wealthy, build
up her commerce; if you would make her
strong, restore it both at home and abroad,
build up her commerce.
Mr. President, when I talk about the com-
merce of Australasia I do not mean Australia
alone, I mean all the islands in the southern
Pacific where we can touch; and now let me
give the Senate a little synopsis of what oc-
curred last year.
From our own country we sent $43,164,174
to these islands, and I have here a long list
of the articles that we sent. Now, what means
the Senator from Michigan when he talks
about its being hundreds instead of thousands
and thousands instead of millions, when from
your own factories in Michigan and Ohio and
Indiana you have sent $48,000,000 of the pro-
ducts of your industry to these Australasian
islands ? Commerce never comes from one
way empty. The hull that is filled in going
out will be filled in coming back, and these
steamers came back last year filled with wool.
My friend from Connecticut and my friend
from Michigan have both had a panic upon
wool. My friend from Connecticut keeps an
accurate account of it, and my friend from
Michigan echoes it loudly and stubbornly.
Why, sir, is the last market for wool closed?
