1.873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1001
even that rule, restricted as it is, somewhat
modifying the old rule, opens up the question
as to whether we ought to take up the particu-
lar bill proposed to be taken up as against
other propositions pending.
Mr. NYE. Will not the honorable Senator
remember that on his colleague's motion there
was opposition to letting the bill go on the
table; but I was told it was a temporary affair,
and as soon as that motion was disposed of
the bill would be taken up. I do not want to
lose the place of the bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. My colleague did say to
the Senator that if he would allow the bill to
be laid aside he would help him to take it up,
and he has fulfilled that promise.
Mr. NYE. Everybody agreed to it.
Mr. SHERMAN. No; on the contrary,
many said they would not, and I emphatically
said that I would not be bound by any such
arrangement. I dissented from it.
Mr. NYE. You were alone, then.
• Mr. SHERMAN. Not at all. My friend
from New York lent his voice, and a num-
ber around me did. If Senators feel them-
selves under honorable obligation, as my col-
league did, to aid in taking up this bill, per-
haps I might, in deference to the wishes of
the Senate, be disposed to yield to it; but I
rose to urge upon the Senate that we could
not give precedence to a bill of this character,
which cannot pass the Senate, if the Senator
really desires now to press it to a vote, without
a long debate. It is a proposition not only
involving this particular bill, but the whole
question of subsidies, the whole question of
aid to our commerce. One proposition is
here coming from the Committee on Com-
merce, and another from the Committee on
Post Offices and Post Roads, each of which
involves large sums.
Mr. NYE. There is no proposition pro-
posed here from the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. SHERMAN. I understood the prop-
osition offered as a substitute now pending to
come from the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. NYE. A member of the Committee
on Commerce has offered a proposition and
expressly stated that the committee did not
ofler it.
Mr. SHERMAN. But it was in substance
a bill reported from the Committee on Com-
merce as I understand.
Mr. NYE. Not at all. They have not
made any report and have not considered it.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then it is offered by the
Senator from Michigan. This bill comes up
involving such a large sum that it is to be
pressed on us on Monday to the exclusion of
all the business of the Senate. It has con-
sumed the whole of this day. Some of the
friends of the bill voted to adjourn over to-
morrow and some the other way._ It seems to
me we ought not to take up this bill. The
point is clearly open to debate whether we
oughi to take it up.
Mr. NYE. I did not vote to adjourn over
to-morrow. I voted against it.
Mr. SHERMAN. In my judgment it is
wiser for the friends of this bill not to press it
now. It is better alter they have presented
the bill to the Senate and we have had these
two propositions before ns, to let it go over
fur three or four days, and let us proceed with
the consideration of other business. Several
hiiis are pending of pressing importance.
Why not take them up, and let this matter go
over?
1 feel my embarrassment. I do not wish to
violate, even although I did not assent to it,
what Si-emed to be an implied understanding,
therefore I will satisfy myself by giving
notice that on Monday again I will seek to lay
this bill on the table even for the time, so that
Si nators may have time to look it up and con-
sider it. I am not prepared to discuss a bill
involving this large sum ol money alter hear-
ing the Senator from Nevada,_ without exam-
ining into its merits and seeing whether the
enormous figures he gave us, $43,000,000 for
our Australian commerce, are correct.
Mr. NYE. No, I did not say so. I have
expressly said the opposite. I spoke of the
whole Australasian commerce, not the Austra-
lian commerce alone. Australasia includes
all the southern islands of the Pacific.
Mr. SHERMAN. I doubt it without look-
ing at the statistics. I want to look into
them. I think his forty-three million will
melt away to four million. That is my judg-
ment, and three quarters of that will be carried
on by shipping from Connecticut.
Mr. NYE. Is not the Senator discussing
the merits of my bill ? I have only a word to
say.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator will suspend a moment. The Chair will
state his view on this question ; perhaps it is
due to the ruling of the Chair already made.
This rule which provides that debate upou
the merits is not in order upon this motion,
presents to the mind of a lawyer the distinction
between arguing the question of advancing a
cause on the Calendar and arguing the ques-
tion how it should be decided after it is
advanced. The present occupant of the Chair
is aware of a former ruling of the Vice Presi-
dent, which is perhaps more narrow than the
ruling of the Chair at present, which the
present occupant would follow in precisely
such a case as that. This case is so far dis-
tinguishable from that that the present occu-
pant cannot follow it as a precise precedent,
and is therefore compelled to rest upon his
own judgment as to the distinction between
arguing the merits of a bill and arguing the
merits of a proposition to take up a bill. In
the opinion of the Chair the Senator from
Ohio has not transcended the proper limits of
this rule.
Mr. NYE. He is done, I understand.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I want to say
only one word. There should not be a strug-
gle against the obvious sense of the Senate to
take up this bill, and particularly against the
understanding that it should come up after
the motion made to adjourn over until Mon-
day. Now I want to admonish my honorable
friend from Ohio, [Mr. Sherman,] who tells
us that there is a very large sum of money to
come out of this, and who wants time to con-
sider it, that it was considered last year, and
it was considered in connection with the Japan
trade; and I do not forget that on that Japan
subsidy, which takes a million annually out, of
the Treasury, my honorable friend voted for
it. Now it is too late to be alarmed about
one that takes only half of it. It is only fair
that this bill should come up; and let to-mor-
row take care of itself.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I was not in the Senate
when this so-called understanding took place,
and therefore know nothing of it; but I voted
to adjourn over until Monday upon the idea
that the Senate had determined that it would
not proceed with this bill any longer at this
time, and that therefore, on Monday morning,
we should have either the Alabama bill or the
currency bill, as might be more convenient to
the Senate to proceed with. Having acted
upon that apprehension and voted to adjourn
over, and now understanding that a majority
of the Senate intend to take up this bill for the
purpose of disposing of it on its merits, 1 think
we ought to sit to-morrow, in order to expedite
the public business. Therefore, inasmuch as
it is ruled by the Chair that I cannot make a
motion to reconsider the vote adjourning over
pending another question, I move to lay this
motion, to proceed to the consideration of this
bill, upon the table for the moment, in order
that I may then make a motion to reconsider
the vote adjourning over; and then, when the
Senate shall have acted on the motion to
reconsider -either way, I shall immediately
move, if my friend from Nevada does not, to
take up this bill again, in order to act on !<■
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The S,
ator from Vermont moves to lay the pending
motion on the table.
The motion was not agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion recurs on the motion of the Senator from
Nevada, to proceed to the consideration of the
Australian steamship bill.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. THURMAN. I moved to lay this bill
on the table a while ago, in order to make my
motion. I said I should then vote to take it
up. I have fulfilled that pledge. I did vote
to take it up again. Now, as I am totally
opposed to the bill, I move, for the purpose
of killing it, to lay it on the table.
Mr. STEWART. Now, let that be a test
vote.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Ohio moves to lay the pending bill
bill on the table.
Mr. CORBETT called for the yeas and nays;
and they were ordered.
Mr. ANTHONY. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
Mr. EDMUNDS called for the yeas and
nays, and they were ordered* and being
taken, resulted—yeas 42, nays 13 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Alcorn, Ames, Anthony, Bayard
Boreinan. Buckingham, Carpenter, Casserly, Cola,
Conkling, Cooper, Corbett, Cragin, Davis, Fenton
Ferry of Michigan, Gilbert, Goldthwaite, Hamilton
of Maryland, Harlan, Hill, Hitchcock, Howe, John-
ston, Kelly, Maehen, Morrill of Vermont, Norwood,
JNye, Pool, Pratt,Ransom, Saulsbury, Sawyer, Seott,
Spencer, Stewart, Stockton, Thurman, Tipton,Trum-
bull, and Viekers—42.
NAYS—Messrs. Chandler, Edmunds, Flanagan,
Frelinghuysen, Hamlin, Morrill of Maine, Morton,
Rice, Sherman, Sprague, Stevenson, Wilson, and
Windora—13.
ABSENT—Messrs. Blair, Brownlow, Caldwell,
Cameron, Clayton, Terry of Connecticut, Hamilton
of Texas, Lewis, Logan.Osborn, Patterson, Pomeroy.
Ransom, Robertson, Schurz, Sumner, West, and
Wright—18.
So the motion was agreed to ; and (at five
o'clock and twenty-five minutes p. m.) the
Senate adjourned.
it.
Sen-
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, January 31, 1873.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
MONTANA WAB CLAIMS.
Mr. DONNAN. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. I call up the motion to reconsider the
vote by which, on the 24th of May last, the joint
resolution (H. R. No. 23) to enable the Sec-
retary of War to pay the expenses incurred
in suppressing the Indian hostilities in the
Territory of Montana in the year 1867 was
recommitted to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
Mr. HOLMAN. Let the joint resolution
be read.
The joint resolution was.read. It directs the
Secretary of War to pay for expenses incurred
in suppressing Indian hostilities in the Terri-
tory of Montana in the year 1867, to the per-
sons entitled thereto, the several amounts as
reported upon by General James A. Hardie,
under the provisions o f section ten of an act
making appropriations for sundry civil ex-
penses of the Government, and for other pur-
poses, for the year ending June 30, 1870,
approved July lo, 1870; and for that purpose
appropriates from any money in the Treasury
of the United States not otherwise appropri-
ated the sum of $613,343.
Mr. HOLMAN. I desire to reserve the point
of order on the resolution, unless it has been
already considered by the House, or unless it
is in such a shape that the point of order can-
not be made upon it.
The SPEAKER. There is an amendment
which was reported by the committee and re-
committed. The Clerk will report the amend-
ment, which is in the nature of a substitute.
