44
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 5,
been very glad to do anything to relieve the
Buffering merchants.
Mr. LYNCH. I would ask the gentleman
if my statement is not correct, that the loss
has fallen upon the merchants rather than
upon the real estate owners? I undertake to
say that the loss by fire to the city of Bangor,
represented by my colleague, [Mr. Peters,]
has been greater than the loss of the real
estate owners of Boston, because their losses
were either covered by insurance or by the
increased value of their lands.
Mr. DAWES. It is very true that the mer-
chants of Boston have lost in goods mainly,
but the real estate owners have lost, too.
Mr. MAYNARD. I did not intend to take
any part in this discussion, nor would I have
done so but for remarks which have been
made by gentlemen upon one side and the
other upon this question. Gentlemen have
spoken of this as a relief measure, as a chari-
table measure, as an eleemosynary measure. I
certainly do not so regard it, and if I did I
certainly should not see my way clearly to
support it. I do not see that we are consti-
tuted by the organic law the channel through
which the American people are to bestow their
charities. But the destruction of this city, of
Boston, was the destruction of a portion of the
commercial strength, the available commer-
cial power of the country, and it is for the
pecuniary and financial interest of the whole
country that this vacuum shonld be filled as
soon as possible, that this deficit should be
made good ; and itis to restore the tax-paying
power of the country that I think we should
extend the same relief to Boston that we ex-
tended to Portland and Chicago. It is in that
aspect that I support this bill.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I desire to say a word
in regard to this bill. In the bill which we
passed last year for the relief of Chicago
lumber wag excepted from its provisions, the
very thing most needed by the poor of that
city ; and in the destruction of any city there
is nothing so much needed by the poor who
have suffered by the fire as lumber. In the
north division of the city of Chicago there
were seventy-five thousand people left home-
less and hoaseless, a large proportion of them
poor people. Everything they had was swept
from them. Lumber, the very thing they
needed above all things else, was excepted in
deference to the men who own timber in Wis-
consin and Michigan.
Now, I aim for this bill for the relief of
Boston for the same reason that I was in favor
of including lumber in the bill for the relief
of Chicago. The Chicago bill, as .passed, re-
sulted chiefly in benefit to the men who use
plate glass. That is the expression of the
people of Chicago to-day, that they get but
little benefit under that bill except in the im-
portation and use of heavy plate glass. The
poor people of a city destroyed by fire reap
but little benefit from these exceptional bills,
unless you give them the benefit of the articles
they really need.
Mr. DAWES. I will say that one reason—
excuse, if you may so call it—for excepting
lumber in the Chicago bill does not exist now.
That was, that almost simultaneously with the
great fire in Chicago there was a great fire
which raged in the lumber regions of the
Northwest, and which burned out those en-
gaged in the production of lumber, and which
so burned the lumber itself that it had to be
got out at once or else be entirely lost. Hap-
pily, that reason does not exist at this time.
But that is one reason why we have drawn
this bill more in accordance with the views of
the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Farns-
wortb.] I now yield to the gentleman from
Indiana, [Mr. Niblack,] who desires to be
heard.
Mr. NIBLACK. I am not disposed under
the circumstances to oppose this bill, or any
similar bill. We have set a precedent for
this sort of legislation in other instances to
which allusion has already been made. And
there is no reason in the world why we should
make any exception in favor of the city of
Boston, or discriminate against that city in
any legislation we may enact for their relief.
Boston is emphatically a representative city of
the American continent, and her people afford
the highest type of business enterprise and
business energy, as well as of social distinction.
But I want to call the attention of the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] to
one feature of this proposed legislation. I do
so because the effect of this legislation upon
the tariff policy of the country has been alluded
to by the gentleman from Michigan, [Mr.
Conger.] Now, I have all my life heard it
asserted that the effect of all tariff legislation
of a protective character is ultimately to
cheapen the articles thus protected when they
shall reach the hands of the consumer. I
have heard this view of the case supported by
many very ingenious theories and arguments,
and upon many occasions by elaborate statistics.
I have, however, uniformly held the other
view, which is that all taxes, whether imposed
in the shape of tariff duties or of direct taxes,
are ultimately paid by the consumers. The
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes]
is not only a representative in this measure of
the State of Massachusetts, but he also occu-
pies the higher position of chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means, the leader of
this House upon all these matters of tariff and
tax legislation. And I want to call his atten-
tion to what he commits himself to by asking
the House to adopt legislation of this character.
It does seem to me that this bill is a plain
and direct concession of the fact that by
taking off the tariff duties from these articles
it will cheapen them in the hands of the peo-
ple of Boston who sire to be the consumers of
the materials thus admitted free of duty ; it is
an entire concession of the principle that pro-
tective duties cannot in any event ultimately
cheapen the articles in the hands of the
people; in other words, that the consumer
reimburses to somebody everything that has
been paid in the shape of tariff duties.
I would not in this perhaps ungracious way,
as it may seem to some, have thrown in this
view of the case if it had not been suggested
by my friend from Michigan [Mr. Conger]
in connection with this matter of lumber and
the effect of this bill upon his constituents.
But, sir, proper as this legislation may be,
I call the attention of the gentleman from
Massachusetts in all kindness to the precedent
which legislation of this character sets for the
country, and to the conclusions which it must
justify in the minds of many gentlemen on
this floor as to the effect of tariffs and pro-
tective duties upon articles consumed in this
country.
Mr. DAWES. I say to nay friend from
Indiana [Mr. Niblack] that it' he will help
me in this legislation to assist and encourage
Boston, then, afier she has riseu from her
ashes, and is contributing as heretofore in her
full strength to the business enterprise of the
country, he and I will argue the question that
he has suggested, and I will do what I can to
show him that he is still unfortunate in his
theories and in the conclusions which he
draws from them. I would not want to keep
Boston suffering under the effects of her mis-
fortune while I should undertake to convince
my friend from Indiana of his error. I trust
she will be restored to her former glory and
power long ere that day.
Mr. NIBLACK. If the gentleman will
promise me that in future tariff legislation
which he may ask Congress to pass he will
heed the lesson which he is pressing upon the
House by this measure, I shall not urge my
point further, and will waive any objections
which I might make to this bill on that score.
Mr. DAWES. I will with great cheerful-
ness promise my friend from Indiana to heed
it, as well as every word that may have fallen
from his lips. I call for a vote.
The SPEAKER. This bill is reported with
an amendment striking out "two years" and
inserting " one year."
Mr. DAWES. I report the bill in the shape
in which it is at the Clerk's desk.
The SPEAKER. It is a bill which has been
referred, and of course the House must take
cognizance of any alteration which may have
been made by the committee.
Mr. DAWES. This is not the bill which
was referred.
The SPE AKE R. As the Chair understands,
this is the bill which was referred and is re-
ported with an amendment of the committee.
Mr. DAWES. The easiest solution of
the difficulty is for me to move to amend the
bill by striking out " two years " and inserting
" one year."
The SPEAKER. That is what the Chair
was about to suggest.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be
engrossed for a third reading; and being en-
grossed, it was accordingly read the third time,
and passed.
Mr. DAWES moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
TARIFF AND INTERNAL TAXES.
Mr. SARGENT, by unanimous consent, in-
trodmced a bill (H. R. No. 3028) to amend
an act to reduce duties on imports and to
reduce internal taxes, and for other purposes,
approved June 6, 1872 ; which was read a
first and second time, referred to the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means, and ordered to be
printed.
BANKRUPTCY.
Mr. PLATT, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 3029) to amend an
act entitled "An act to establish a uniform
system of bankruptcy throughout the United
States," approved March 2, 1867; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary, and ordered to
be printed.
NEW STEAM VESSELS OF WAR.
Mr. SCOPIELD. I call for the regular
order of business.
The SPEAKER. The regular order being
called for, the morning hour begins at ten min-
utes before one o'clock, and the House resumes
the consideration of House bill No. 3010, to
authorize the construction of ten or more steam
vessels of war, and for other purposes. The
gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Kerr] is entitled
to the floor.
Mr. KERR. I yield five minutes to the gen-
tleman from California, [Mr. Coghlan.]
Mr. COGHLAN. Mr. Speaker, I am glad
to hear, from the discussion that has already
taken place on this moat important bill, that
at least a large majority of the members favor
its passage in some shape. It is simply a ques-
tion of Navy or no Navy. This is not a pro-
position to increase the Navy, but simply to
provide vessels to take the place of the few
that we now have that are not fit to be placed
in commission, but which are rapidly sinking
into decay and uselessness. It is simply a
question as to whether we shall have a naval
police sufficient to command a moiety of re-
spect that should be accorded to a first-class
Power. These vessels are to be small, rapid
sailers, easily and cheaply kept in commission,
and are to take the place of those which now
require thousands of dollars annually to be
kept afloat. They are the sort of vessels
needed for sqnadron duty, and are the kind of
vessels which the Navy Department, and all
men who feel an interest in the welfare of the
