1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
45
Navy, think should be built at this time to
take the place of those larger and more clumsy
ones which were built years ago, during the
war, and for a peculiar service at that time.
But, Mr. Speaker, there is another question
to which I call the attention of the House
during the few minutes I am allowed to occupy
the floor in this discussion, and that is upon
the question of where these vessels shall be
built, whether in the navy-yards belonging to
the Government or by contract in private yards.
1 am unalterably opposed myself from personal
observation to any system of contracts with
private builders, or building these vessels in
any other yards than the navy-yards belonging
to the United States. In the first place, we
have, if I am not mistaken, some $80,000,000
now invested in our navy-yards, where we have
all the tools and machinery and appliances of
every sort for the speedy and proper construc-
tion of this class of vessels. I do not know
exactly what the amount invested may be, but
we have been year after year spending money
in building up these navy-yards. We have
there officers of the Government havingcharge
of them, men who are perfectly efficient and
able to build these vessels to answer all the
purposes for which they are intended. These
navy-yards, in the very nature of things, must
be kept up and sustained by the Government,
because they are necessary in time of war,
even though they may not be indispensable in
time of peace.
The men who have charge of these yards
are officers of the Government, and will have
the superintendence of the construction of
these vessels. They are in unison with the
Government itself. There is nothing they
can make by placing bad timber in these ves-
sels ; there is nothing they can make by
covering up any deformity in any of these
vessels, whatever it may be. On the con-
trary, every interest of their lives, every inter-
est looking to their reputation, will lead them
to use their best efforts to construct good,
sound, and staunch vessels, which will be
capable of doing the greatest good to the
Government, for whose use they are to be
built. Now, on the other hand, if contracts
for the construction of these vessels are given
to private ship-yards, the interest of such
contractor must in the nature of things be in
direct antagonism to the Government itself.
These men must take these contracts at the
very lowest price; they will be compelled to
save themselves, and to make money for
themselves out of the contracts, and they, in
so doing, will be forced to build these vessels
upon the most econ6mical plan. The con-
tracts must be let to men, in fact, who must
do everything in their power to save every
dollar they can under the * contracts under
which the construction of these vessels have
been let. And every man who is working under
these contractors upon these vessels must, in
the interest of his employer, be himself in
antagonism to the Government. Every man,
no matter how pure he may be, will have a
pecuniary interest against the Government
for which these vessels are to be built.
This is one reason why I am opposed to let-
ting the building of these vessels out to con-
tract. Another reason is this: it has been
said it is the duty of the Congress of the United
States to legislate in favor of the protection of
the laborer. A few years ago we did succeed
in taking a step looking to the amelioration of
the condition of the laboring men in the United
States. Every day, on almost every measure
coming up before Congress, we hear some-
thing from members on all sides of the House
on the necessity of doing something for the
protection of labor, but it seems to me that
there is still the same tendency to assist cap-
ital at the expense of labor. Now, here is a
bill which unmistakably helps the laboring
man himself if the Government of the United
States is allowed to build these vessels in its
own navy-yards, instead of giving out their
construction to private ship-builders. Here
is a subsidy asked for the laboring men of the
United States, and to assist them in making
the eight-hour law a living principle and not
a mere wordy declamation upon the statute-
books of thte nation. Here is a subsidy for
men who are laboring as mechanics, for labor-
ing men throughout the United States. It is
a bill which asks us to keep in the hands of
the Government the construction of these ves-
sels, that they may be built in our own navy-
yards under the system of eight hours as a
day's labor for the benefit of the laboring men
of the country.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman's time has
expired.
Mr. COGHLAN. I hope the gentleman
from Indiana will yield to me for a moment
longer.
Mr. KERR. If the gentleman desires, I will
yield to him for five more minutes.
Mr. COGHLAN. I ask the attention of
the House to the fact that we should allow no
portion of these vessels to be built under con-
tract, that by so doing we are in fact taking
away from the laboring men of the nation the
benefit of the eight-hour law, which now stands
upon our statute-book, and giving to the capi-
talists the right to hire labor under this appro-
priation under the ten-hour system at the ex-
pense of the laboring man. We will take
away whatever benefit there is in that law
from the laborer, and place the naming of the
■hours of labor in the hands of the capitalist.
Now, I have nothing to say against the capi-
talists of the country; I have nothing to say
against assisting them in the great enterprises
which they have brought forward; bnt we
must not forget that two thirds of the men
laboring under the Government are employed
in the navy-yards of the country, where I pro-
pose these vessels shall be bailt, and I wish to
speak in favor of saving this subsidy for their
benefit and against placing the construction of
these vessels in the hands of private ship-
builders of the country,who will then have it
in their power to abrogate the eight-hour law,
during one year at least, as to fifteen thousand
hard-working- American laborers.
These are my reasons for opposing the giving
out of this work by contract. I do not be-
lieve, neither do I think that any gentleman
can show, from the facts, that the Government
itself will be at all benefited by letting these
vessels out to be built by contract. It cannot
be possible for any gentleman by any figures
to show that any vessel bailt by private con-
tract has proved to be a better one than those
built in toe navy-yards: The reason of the
case is against any such supposition. Every-
thing which can be imagined of a nature to urge
the officers of the Government to build good
vessels is present. Every principle of honor
and integrity, every principle wh'ich can be
supposed to influence those who aspire to hold
office under the Government, will induce them
to build vessels substantially and the best
adapted for the uses of the Government; while,
on the other hand, everything is opposed to the
contractors putting the best material in the
vessels. And the damage is done if they get
into the vessel even one small bit of unsound
timber in the absence of the inspector. There
cannot be more than one inspector to the
vessels; there cannot be a man to look after
every spike which is driven, and every piece
of timber which is put into the ship. But,
to insure the soundness of the vessel, for
every piece of timber which is put into it,
for every spike and nail which are driven into
it, there should be an inspector to know that
they are of the best material and that the
work is properly done. If there is a single
flaw in any one piece put into the vessel it
will be like a weak link in a chain, and the
vessel itself will go to pieces because the con-
tractor has put into it a small piece of wood
or iron which is not of the very best material.
This cannot be discovered at the time, and
the vessel decays and rots, as many of the ves-
sels now composing the Navy are doing.
Many of them, in fact, are so badly decayed
that it is dangerous to put them in commis-
sion at all. But those vessels, or almost all
of them, have been built under this contract
system, and no one has ever been able to find
where the weak link is, where the weak or
rotten piece of wood or iron has been placed,
causing the decay and ultimately the destruc-
tion of the vessels.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. KERR. I yield ten minutes to the
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Potter.]
Mr. POTTER. I do not know that I shall
finally oppose this bill; but I do oppose its
passage without further and more satisfactory
information than we have yet received in
respect of the measure. The statements that
have been made by the gentlemen of the
Naval Committee in regard to the condition
of the American Navy are indeed calculated
to challenge the attention of the country.
They tell us that we are without any efficient
Navy at all. In the language of the gentle-
man from Virginia, [Mr. Platt,] a member
of the Naval Committee, we are told that the
Government of the United States is not only,
as the President tells us, " likely to become,"
but that "it is now the weakest upon the
water of all the great Powers of the world;"
' while another member of the Naval Com-
mittee, the gentleman from Maryland, [Mr.
Archer,] tells us that our naval vessels are,
with few exceptions, rotten and worthless.
We are therefore in n condition in which we
have to undertake the task, not of reviving,
but, as the chairman of the Committee on
Commerce said, with great precision, "of
making a navy."
Well, sir, if we are now beginning to make
a navy we ought to make it upon some plan.
We should commence the work according to
some system, a system which, as the chairman
of the Committee on Commerce well said,
"shall be a system harmonious in plan, in idea,
and in ultimate consummation." And yet, as
the first step toward making a navy, we have
a bill introduced from the Naval Committee
without any report, the result of no investi-
gation, in accordance with no general plan,
and supported simply by their naked recom-
mendation and that of the Secretary of the
Navy. They have, indeed, told us, in the
course of the debate, that they have arrived
at the conclusion that this Government should
abandon the plan pursned by the other great
maritime Powers of the world; that instead of
putting all the money asked for into one great
ship it Bhould be divided up among a number
of small ships. And they give us to under-
stand that the plan which Great Britain and
Russia and the other maritime Powers of the
world are pursuing for the purpose of estab-
lishing their navies is an unwise plan, and that
we should take up what they recommend in-
stead—the building of a number of small,
swift cruisers, carrying each ten guns of large
caliber, at a cost of only $800,000 each.
Well, Mr. Speaker, I agree that if the plan
recommended by the Committee on Naval
Affairs as a substitute for the plan pursued by
the other maritime nations of the world is a
practicable plan it ought to be adopted. What
I desire to suggest to the House is, that it is
not practicable, that it is not possible to oon-
struct vessels to carry ten guns of large caliber
that shall be at the same time small and fleet,
and in cost within the limits of this bill. I
therefore asked the chairman of the commit-
tee what was to be the size of the vessels pro-
posed to be constructed under this bill, and
the answer, after fluctuating from fcur hun-
dred to fifteen hundred tons, settled finally
on about fifteen hundred tons, upon vessels
not in any event to exceed two thousand tons.
Now, a vessel of two thousand tons is not a
small vessel at all; she is a large vessel, and it
requires a vessel of that kind to carry ten guns
