1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1969
the record in favor of; and either now or
when we come into the Senate, I shall want
the yeas and nays on that item.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
has a right to reserve any amendment. The
amendment will be considered as agreed to
now.
The Chief Clerk continued the reading of the
bill. The next amendment of the Committee
on Appropriations was to insert after the pre-
vious amendment:
To aid in the construction of a substantial iron or
masonry bridge, with a draw not less than fifty feet
wide, across the eastern branch of the Potomac
river, at or near the site of the present Anacostia
bridge, in the District of Columbia, 8200,000 are
hereby appropriated out of any money in the Treas-
ury not otherwise appropriated, under the following
conditions, namely: that the chief of engineers of
the Army, the Superintendent of the Coast Survey,
and the engineer in charge of the public buildings
and grounds be, and they are hereby, constituted a
commission to fix the site and prepare and decide
upon the plan and design of said bridge; and that
it shall be the duty of the Legislative Assembly of
the District of Columbia, and they are hereby re-
quired, to assess and cause to be collected, by tax or
otherwise, and pay into the Treasury of the United
States, the sum of $100,000 at or before the comple-
tion of said bridge; and upon default of the pay-
ment of the sum aforesaid into the Treasury of the
United States at the time before mentioned, the
Secretary of_ the Interior shall appoint a collector,
whose duty it shall be to proceed with the collection
of the taxes as assessed by said Legislative Assembly
in such manner and form as shall be'prescribed by
the Secretary of the Intorior. And if the said Dis-
trict of Columbia shall neglect, fail, or refuse to
assess such tax, the Secretary of the Interior is hereby,
authorized and empowered to levy such tax, and
proceed to its collection as aforesed.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was
in line eleven hundred and sixty-four, to re-
duce the appropriation for fuel for the Execu-
tive Mansion from $5,000 to $2,500.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line twelve
hundred and eight, to reduce the appropria-
tion for the signal office, "for observations
and report of storms by telegraph and signals
for the benefit of commerce and agriculture
throughout the United States," from $296,825
to $250,000.
Mr. HAMLIN. I hope that amendment
will not be agreed to, and I think the Com-
mittee on Appropriations on revising the mat-
ter will agree that the appropriation should
stand as it came from the House of Represent-
atives. It is in relation to a service that is
invaluable to the country. The saving of a
single vessel, the loss of which is prevented by
the notice they give of a storm, would alone be
a justification, without saying one word of the
vast crops all over the country that are affected.
It is marvelous to consider that about eighty
per cent, of the probabilities have proved true.
I hope the committee will conform the amount
to what it was when the bill came from the
House. It would be much wiser to enlarge it,
not reduce it.
Mr. COLE. In another part of the bill is a
provision for converting several of the light-
houses and life-saving stations into places for
observations under this Department, and it is
supposed the expenses will be reduced on that
account and that we can safely adhere to the
amount of the appropriation of last year under
this head. The committee I think are not very
strenuous about this matter.
Mr. HAMLIN. Let it go.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. COLE. I have an amendment to offer
at that place. It was omitted in the report-
ing of the bill. It is to insert after line twelve
hundred and fourteen:
For the establishment of an astronomical base,
and for the continuance of military and geographical
surveys and explorations west of the one hundredth
meridian, under the direction of the Secretary of
War, $60,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Appropriations was iu line twelve hundred and
seventeen, to reduce the appropriation " for
42d Cone. 3d Sess.—No. 124.
of the War Department in the col-
lection and payment of bounty, prize money,
and other legitimate claims of colored soldiers
and sailors" from $100,000 to $50,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line twelve
hundred and thirty-two, to insert after the
word " dollars " the words:
Ten thousand dollars of which shall be appropri-
ated to reimburse the State of Nebraska for ex-
penses incurred in the suppression of Indian hostili-
ties in 1864, to be paid by warrant in favor of the
treasurer of said State.
So that the clause as amended will read:
To indemnify the States for expenses incurred by
them in enrolling,equipping, and transporting troops
for the defense ot the United States during the late
insurrection, $300,000, $10,000 of which shall be ap-
propriated to reimburse the State of Nebraska for
expenses incurred in the suppression of Indian hos-
tilities in 1864. to bepaid by warrant in favor of the
treasurer of said State.
Mr. SAWYER. Before the question is put
on that amendment, I desire to amend it by
inserting after the word '' which '' in the twelve
hundred and thirty-third line, the words "or
so much thereof as may be necessary." The
sum is not exactly fixed.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The amendment as amended was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was
to strike out from line twelve hundred and
thirty-seven to twelve hundred and thirty-nine
in the following words:
To provide for the payment, under existing laws,
for horses and other property lost or destroyed in
the military service of the United States, $50,000.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I move to insert in lieu
of that the following:
For thepayment of claims under the act ofMarch
3,1849, and its amendments and supplemental acts,
providing for compensation for horses and other
property lost or destroyed in the military service of
the United States, for the residue of the fiscal
year ending June 30,1873, the sum of 8150,000; and
for payment of the same class of claims for the fiscal
year ending June 30,1874, the sum of $300,000.
This amendment is to continue appropria-
tions heretofore made to pay claims for horses
and military stores under the act of 1849. We
appropriated last year $100,000, but that has
all been exhausted and these are just claims.
The letter of the Secretary of the Treasury I
have sent to the desk, as well as the amend-
ment and it can be read, if desired.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I offer this amendment
from the Committee on Appropriations:
And the Secretary of the Treasury be, and he is
hereby, directed to pay to the census-takers of 1860,
or their assigns, the sums set to their credit, now in
the Treasury of the United States, any provision of
existing laws to the contrary notwithstanding.
Mr. CASSERLY. That is a provision the
scope of which it is impossible for me to
define.
Mr. STEVENSON. I can tell all about it.
Mr. CASSERLY. I want to suggest whether
that is not objectionable under the rule.
Mr. STEVENSON. I hope not. I hope
the Senator will not object until he hears me
explain it. The exact amount is ascertained
by a letter fron> the Superintendent of the
Census. The acting Secretary of the Interior,
in transmitting the letter of the Superintend-
ent of the Census to the Senate, says:
An appropriation of $170,000 for the payment of
such claims was made by the act of July 15, 1870,
(ibid., page 314.) a sum deemed sufficient for the
purpose, when the claims are perfected.
It appears that there are eight hundred and
eighty-four of these claims, amounting to the sum of
§169,995 75, which are suspended and unpaid on ac-
count of tbe inability of the claimants to make the
Moof of loyalty required by the joint resolution of
arch 2, 1867, and tho Superintendent warmly
reoommond such legislation as will authorize their
payment.
The subject is deemed by this Department to be of
sufficient importance to demand the attention of
Congress, andl therefore invite the favorable con-
sideration of that body to it.
I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedientservant,
B. R. COWEN,
Acting Secretary.
The letter of the Superintendent of the
Census to the acting Secretary of the Interior
is as follows:
Department of the Interior,
Washington, D. C. Census Office.
Ja.nua.ry 7, 1873.
Sir : I have the honor to report, in respect to the
unpaid claims for services rendered at the Eighth
Census of the United States, that there are still re-
maining eight hundred and eighty-four ola.imants, of
whom eighteen claim as marshals, and eight hun-
dred and sixty-six as assistant marshals, the aggre-
gate amount due these claimants being $169,995,75.
There is still remaining out of the appropriation
of $175,000, made by the act of July 15, 1870, for the
payment of these claims, a sum sufficient to meet
them when perfected.
Almost without exception the claims thus remain-
ing unpaid after the lapse o# twelve years are sus-
pended on account of tho inability of the claimants
to make the proof of loyalty required by the
joint resolution of March 2,1867, which requires
not only that claimants shall prove that they never
voluntarily gave aid or countenance to the rebel-
lion, but also that they were throughout its course
known to the community in which they lived as
distinctly opposed to secession, and in favor of
its suppression by the arms of the Government.
As the services upon which these claims aro oased
were rendered by the claimants and accepted by the
Government before the war of the rebellion was
begun, I cannot think that it is right that these
claimants should be still kept out of their compen-
sation because they wanted the moral and physical
courage to face a furious mob, or to undergo a State
trial for treason.
I do therefore most earnestly recommend that the
Department take into consideration the expediency
and the propriety of laying before Congress the case
of these eight hundred and eighty-tour claimants,
and of urging upon that body such legislation as
will authorize their payment.
I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your
obedient servant,
F. A. WALKER,
Superintendent.
Hon. B. E. Cowen,
Acting Secretary of the Interior.
Mr. SCOTT. The effect of that is this,
then this is no appropriation at all; the
money has heretofore been appropria:ed, and
the only reason the parties could not obtain it
was because they could not comply with the
requirements of the law, which imposed upon
them the necessity of making out the loyalty
which it defines. Now the effect of this
amendment is to repeal the requsition of the
law of 1870. It makes no appropriation and
relates to no appropriation in the bill, accord-
ing to the statement made by the Senator
from Kentucky, and is therefore clearly objec-
tionable under the restrictive rule.
Mr. STEVENSON. I hope the Senator
from Pennsylvania will not do an act of abso-
lute injustice to these men. The appropria-
tion has lapsed and gone into the Treasury,
and it cannot be paid without a reappropria-
tion.
Mr. SCOTT. My point is this: when that
appropriation was made Congress, upon full
deliberation, imposed certain conditions as
requsite to enable the parties for whose benefit
it was intended to draw it. The only reason
why they cannot draw it is because they can-
not comply with those requisitions, and if the
law is to be repealed it ought to be on full
deliberation when we have a full Senate.
Mr. STEVENSON. Has not the Senator
knowledge that this exception has been made
in twenty cases? Do we not day by day re-
lieve men from these oaths? Is not General
Longstreet, one of the leaders of therebellion,
an office holder under this Government? Now,
sir, shall these men who were always loyal,
who were perhaps Union men, but could not
face nine tenths of the community in which
they resided, be denied payment of a debt
contracted before the war broke out? If they
are to be singled out, far what reason is it, ?
Cui bono ? Not certainly from any prominence
that they ever attained in the rebellion against
the Government; and when men like General
Longstreet aie commissioned by this Govern-
ment; when other gentlemen who were prom-
inent in aiding the cause of secession are to
oe found iu other Departments of this Govern-
ment; have been pardoned and received office;
when one ot' the members of the Cabinet of
President Grant was an open secessionist and
