1010
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 31,
before the House and the House then rejected
the amendment, they could then pass the ori-
ginal bill which does contain an appropriation.
It does not follow that the House will agree
to the amendment. It will give the House
the power to pass the half million appropri-
ation without having its first consideration in
the Committee of the Whole.
Mr. RANDALL. It is not possible to sub-
stitute until the bill gets before the House.
The SPEAKER. Certainly; and it does
not follow the House will substitute the
amendment for the original bill.
Mr. HOLMAN. That has been the uniform
ruling of the House.
The* SPEAKER. It has not yet been re-
considered. Does the gentleman from Iowa
desire it reconsidered for the purpose of
having it referred to the Committee of the
Whole oil the state of the Union ?
Mr. DONNAN. I make the point of order
that it is too late for the gentleman from
Indiana to raise his point.
The SPEAKER. It would not be too late
until after the matter was reconsidered. The
Chair will have read the entry made in the
Journal on the 24th of last May.
The Clerk read as follows :
"Mr. Donnan, by unanimous consent, from the
Committee on Military Affairs, to which was referred
a joint resolution of the House No. 26, to enable the
Secretary of War to pay the expenses incurred in
suppressing Indian hostilities in the Territory of
Montana in the year 1867, report the same with an
amendment in the nature of a substitute therefor,
accompanied by a report thereon in writing:.
" Ordered. The joint resolution and report be
recommitted to the said committee, and printed.
Mr. DyNXAN moved the motion whereby the joint
resolution was recommitted bo reconsidered; which
motion was passed over for the present."
The SPEAKER. Had this when originally
reported been considered in the House and
then recommitted, the point of order of the
gentleman from Indiana would now come too
late ; but the bill was reported for printing and
recommittal only, and that does not in any
manner ^ constitute consideration under the
rule. Therefore the point lies against this bill
if it bo reconsidered and brought before the
House.
Mr. DONNAN. I hope the gentleman from
Indiana will not insist on his point of order,
but allow the bill to come before the House
for consideration. I believe the House is pre-
pared to act upon it.
Mr. HOLMAN. I wish to get some inform-
ation in order to lay it be!ore the House,
which I caunot get at this moment, and that is
my motive in now insisting upon my point of
order.
Mr. CLAGETT. Will the gentleman from
Indiana consent to have its consideration as-
signed to some future day?
Mr._ HOLMAN. I have no objection to
assigning it lor consideration in the Committee
of the Whole.
Mr. DONNAN. Is it in order to move
to go into Committee of the Whole on this
hill?
Ihe SPEAKER. It would be confronted
in the Committee of the Whole by several
appropriation bills which are special orders,
aud it, would not be competent to make this a
special order except by suspension of the
rules, which could not be done on this day.
lo-day is private bill day in the Committee
oi the Whole House on the Private Calendar,
but it is competent for the whole House to go
lu'0rT^0-tntn*''tee-0^ 'he Whole oa the state of
the Union. It is not competent for a major-
ity of the House on this day to make this a
special order m the committee. That can
only be done m reference to general appropri-
ation bills. If the gentleman drops the matter
where it now stands the resolution will still be
with the committee, with the motion to recon-
sider pending, and the same privilege to call it
up as exists now.
Mr. HOLMAN. But always subject to the
same point of order, so that the gentleman
may as well let the resolution go to the Com-
mittee of the Whole.
Mr. CLAOETT. I desire to make an in-
quiry of the Chair. If the report remains with
the committee, will the same point of order
apply whenever the committee attempts to
bring it up again ?
The SPEAKER. It will, and if the point
of order were made it would have to be sus-
tained by the Chair.
Mr. CLAGETT. Then there is no use in
leaving the report and bill with the committee
in its present position.
With the consent of the House, I should like
to say a few words. This is a bill which has been
pending in one form or another for the last six
years. In 1867, when there was not to my
knowledge a single soldier in the Territory of
Montana, the military operations of the Gov-
ernment itself, in the neighborhood of South
Pass, threatened to drive these Indians pell-
mell, as it were, back upon our unprotected
frontier. With those Indians, the Ogallalla
Sioux under Red Cloud, was cooperating at
that time the chief of the Teton Sioux, who,
in the fall of 1867, at the mouth of the Yellow-
stone river, was besieging Fort Buford while
I was going down that river. They were about
to be driven, as I have said, pell-mell back
upon our settlements. It was something which
the people of the Territory had nothing to do
with. This crisis was precipitated by the
action of the Government itself, all of which
appears in the report of the Committee oil
Military Affairs, which is submitted with this
bill and the testimony accompanying it.
Now, sir, in the absence of any troops to
furnish protection, and by virtue of authority
from the United States Government, the gov-
ernment of that Territory called out and
maintained in the field for six months a bat-
talion of about five hundred men, who did the
work which it was the duty of the United
States Government to do. There was war in
Montana that summer. There was an impera-
tive necessity for this action, aud that neces-
sity was recognized by the officers of the Gov-
ernment, and authority was given to call out
these troops. Our people responded to the
call of the Government; they put in their
money as reported here, and alter cutting out
all extra and unfounded claims, which were
put in in the confusion and hurry of the mo-
ment, the report of General Hardie shows
the amount actually expended to have been
$513,000. And, sir, let it be remembered that
money at that time was.worth five per cent,
a month, in gold, in Montana. It is, to-day,
worth three per cent, a month on gilt-edged
paper with the best security. And counting
only the money actually paid, according to
General Hardie's report for supplies fur-
nished, it would amount to much more than
$500,000. The interest alone since those sup-
plies were furnished would amount to more
than $1,000,000, and no interest is allowed by
the committee.
Further, the certificates will show that even
if this money is paid we will not get justice
done to us, in consequence of the smallness
of the amount recommended. But I have not
risen for the purpose of entering into any
details in this matter. I have risen simply for
the purpose of calling the attention of the
House to the fact that this matter has been in-
vestigated by five standing committees of the
Senate and House altogether. It has been
investigated in the Senate by the Committee
on Indian Affairs, and by the Committee on
Territories. Last year it was investigated
by the Committee on Appropriations, who
after a full investigation included this item of
$513,000 in the Army appropriation bill, but
it was ruled out upon a point of order raised
in the Senate, simply because there was no
previous legislation authorizing it.
It, has been thoroughly investigated by the
Military Committee of this House. It has
been thoroughly investigated by the Military
Committee of the Senate. And every one of
those five standing committees of the Senate
and of the House, which have taken the pains
to investigate this question has unanimously
decided in favor of the payment of these
claims.
Now, then, this being the case, and having
waited for five years for the payment of this
comparatively small return for the money
which we paid out of our pockets, on the au-
thority of officers of the Government, I think
my friend from Indiana [Mr. Holhan] will
allow me to request that this matter may be
referred to the Committee of the Whole, and
that a day certain be assigned for its consid-
eration.
Mr. COX. I object to that.
Mr. TERRY. I desire to say one word on
this question. I am not given to paying ex-
travagant claims; but in this ease 1 can say to
the House that I have bestowed an unusual
degree of care on this investigation, and I am
satisfied a necessity existed for calling troops
into the field, and that proper authority was
given by the Government to call them.
The recommendation of the committee is
based upon a report of General Hardie, who is
one of the most rigid inspector generals in the
service. The payment recommended is not to
the troops who were called into the service,
but to the contractors who furnished the sup-
plies and transportation to those troops. I
am satisfied that the claim is a just one against
the Government, and that it will have to be
paid; and I lay it down as a principle, that just
demands against the Government ought to be
paid promptly.
Mr. COX. I object, because this is a con-
tractors' war.
The question was upon reconsidering the
vote by which the bill was recommitted to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. HOLMAN. The point of order I pre-
sume will lie when the bill is before the House.
The SPEAKER, The Chair has allowed
this conversational debate to proceed, but the
point of order cannot be made until the bill
is before the House.
Mr. HOLMAN. I so understood it.
Mr. RANDALL. This bill comes before
the House in an unusual manner, and I move
to lay it on the table.
The SPEAKER. That would prevent the
Committee on Military Affairs from reporting
it for reference to the Committee of the Whole
on the Private Calendar.
Mr._ RANDALL. I do not think that
any bill appropriating money should ever be
brought into the House in this unusual man-
ner.
Mr. DONNAN. Let me say that the report
in this case was printed three months ago, and
that three weeks ago I gave notice to the
House that I would call it up on the motion
to reconsider.
Mr. RANDALL. The fact of the matter
is that this mode of doing business is growing
upon the House every day.
Mr. HOLMAN. I think this is the first
instance of the kind in this Congress.
Mr. RANDALL. It requires members to
be constantly on the watch to prevent improper
legislation.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from
Pennsylvania will agree with the Chair that it
is very desirable to keep members on the
watch.
Mr. RANDALL. I move to lay the motion
to reconsider on the table.
The question was put; and the motion was
not agreed to.
The question recurred on the motion to re-
consider the vote by which the bill was referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs; and the
motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The bill is now before
the House.
HOLMAN. I make the point of order
that this bill contains an appropriation and
