1970
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28,
took the stump in favor of the southern peo-
ple, shall we single out these poor, unpretend-
ing honest men, who were employed by mar-
shals, for the malice of the Government? I
hope not. I agree with what the officer here
Bays: that it is nothing but absolute and exact
justice that they shoutd have this money, al-
ready appropriated to them, especially when,
day by day, we hatfe been relieving gentlemen
of much more prominence from the political
disabilities under which they have labored.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I hope my friend from
Pennsylvaaia will not object to this appropria-
tion. If he understood this measure as 1 think
I understand it he certainly would not oppose
it. This is a proposition to pay these men for
services actually rendered previous to the war.
In addition to that, I want my honorable friend
to understand that these were obscure men,
having no particular prominence or influence
outside of the little communities in which they
lived. The money is due them. The services
were performed previous to the rebellion; and
I hope my friend will not offer serious objec-
tion to the amendment.
Mr. FLANAGAN. It seems to me there
ought to be no hesitancy about the adoption
of this amendment. This is a debt. The
Government has realized the value of this
money from services rendered by these officers.
True, many of them went into the rebellion;
but it has been well said that they have been
relieved; their disabilities have been wiped
out; and if you settle with them in part, surely
you will as a whole. They have rendered the
service to the Government, and the money has
been withheld long enough. It is a small mat-
ter any way, and they are entitled to it. If the
claim had been larger they would have received
it long since. Being insignificant, however, it
has not been pressed; but surely there will be
no hesitancy in giving relief now.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I thirds the ground on
which we ought to pay this claim is that it is
a debt we owe. I care not as to the character
of the men to whom we owe it, whether they
were loyal men or secessionists; I care not if
their hands were rod with human gore, if it is
a debt that the Government owes, the Govern-
ment is bound in honor to pay it. Here,
according to the records of the Department,
according to the statement of the officer of the
Government, these claimants are not appeal-
ing to the bounty of the Government; they
are simply demanding justice at the hands of
Congress; and 1 intend while! have the honor
of a seat here that no man, high or low, rich
or poor, who comes with an honest claim to
Congress and asks to be relieved shall ask for
bread and receive a stone at my hands. We have
been liberal in the distribution of our money
to other objects. I could not reconcile it to
myself to vote a dollar to the improvement of
this city or for improvements throughout this
country and then refuse to pay the honest debt,
of the Government. Let us be honest before
we are charitable and liberal toward other
enterprises. This claim is an honest one. Let
us pay it. Let not the honor of the Govern-
ment be tainted by withholding from honest
claimants that which is their due.
Mr. COLE. I hope we may now have a
vote on this question.
Mr. CASSERLY. As I originated a sug-
gestion by way of objection or possible objec-
tion to this provision, having heard the ex-
planation, and the amount due to the indi-
viduals seeming to be on the average a very
small one, I do not wish to be understood that
I make any objection whatever to the adoption
of the amendment.
Mr. SCOTT. I did not suppose for one
moment that I was going to arouse the ardor
of all my friends around me here when I made
this statement. The question of whether
Ge uei'al Longstieel, has had his political dis-
abilities leuioved that he might accept an
office and this question are so totally distinct
that I was astonished that my friend from
Kentucky, who is usually so clear, should get
himself so muddy on a question of this char-
acter. We are not considering whether we
will remove the disabilities of anybody. I go
as far in that respect almost as anybody here,
But the policy of the Government has been
heretofore to require certain proof before this
money should be received and it has been
enacted into a law. This is a repeal of that
law, and all I desired was to call the attention
of the Senate to that fact and to leave them to
vote upon it. I really think, if the question
of order were made, the amendment is not
admissible ; but I am not disposed to take up
time. And I am not disposed either to suffer
the imputation that has been cast here that
the Government ia actuated by malice or that
any of its citizens are actuated by malice in
doing what they deem just in legislation which
has heretofore transpired on this subject.
We may have different views as to what is
just, what is malicious, what is right. But
sir, certainly I do not wish to prolong debate
upon this question. We are brought here
squarely to the fact whether we will repeal
this provision of the law of 1870 and permit
this $170,000 to be taken out of the Treasury
which cannot be taken under existing law.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Fekry
of Michigan in the chair.) The Chair under-
stands that the Senator has withdrawn his
point of order.
Mr. SCOTT. I have not made a point of
order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Then the
question is on the adoption of the amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Appropriations was on page 56, after line
twelve hundred and forty-eight, to insert the
following clause:
For the construction, equipment, and operation
of telegraph lines on the frontiers of Texas, from
Dennison, on Red river, to Brownsville, on the Rio
Grande, following the line of military posts, con-
necting the same with each other and with head-
quarters at San Antonio, 8,150,000, to be expended
under the direction of the Secretary of War.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 57, line
twelve hundred and fifty-eight, to reduce the
appropriation for continuation of the survey
of the northern and northwestern lakes, determ-
ination of points in the interior of Michigan,
and construction of maps, from $200,000 to
$175,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 57, line
twelve hundred and sixty-seven, in the clause
making appropriations for the navy-yard at
Boston, Massachusetts, to strike out the fol-
lowing words:
Forfillingin low places, drains, paving, and flag-
ging, ijlO.OOO; for an iron-plating shop, $60,000; in
all, $185,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. In line twelve
hundred and sixty-two, I move to strike out
the words "Portsmouth, New Hampshire"
and insert " Kittery, Maine so as to read :
" for the navy-yard at Kitteiy, Maine." The
yard is in Maine.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Appropriations was on page 57, line twelve
hundred and seventy-three, in the appropri-
ations for the navy-yard at Brooklyn, New
York, to strike out the following words:
For workshop and storehouses for yards and
docks, $50,000; in all, $175,000,
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 57, after
line twelve hundred and seventy-seven, to
strike out the following clause :
For work at the naval station at league Island,
$250,000; and not less than -i50,000 of this shall be
expended in the removal of property and materials
troin the Philadelphia yard to League island.
Mr. SCOTT. I think the committee could
hardly have had before them when they struck
this clause out the recommendation of the
Secretary of the Navy, which I beg to read.
It is very brief. He says:
"At Philadelphia, however, we have really two
navy-yards. The old establishment is very small,
with narrow water-front, and is greatly needed by
the city for other purposes, while at League Island
we shall soon, and cheaply, have retrieved an area
of firm ground, larger than that now occupied by
the old navy-yard, and raised far above the highest
water-level. We cannot afford to maintain two
navy-yards within three miles of each othor; wise
economy demands that one of them should be dis-
continued, and I would urge that Congress cause
the old establishmeht to be carefully valued, and
that a sum equal to the value thus determined
should be appropriated to convert League Island in to
an efficient navy-yard, the sum so appropriated to
be returned to theXreasury assoonas thenewworks
shall be sufficiently advanced to warrant the disuse
and sale of the old yard. A navy-yard of the first
class, upon fresh water, perfectly secure froqj an
enemy's fleet, on the margin of our great coal and
iron region, and having at hand the skilled labor
of a great manufacturing city, will be a great source
of naval power."
Ever since the act of 1867 was passed ac-
cepting League Island, Congress has looked
to the ultimate use of that as the navy-yard at
Philadelphia; and this appropriation it will
be observed requires $50,000 of the sum to
be expended in the removal of property and
materials from the Philadelphia yard to League
Island. Itis-so far prepared now that a con-
siderable portion of the navy-yard can during
the coming year be removed, and as soon as
the preparations are made for the removal the
sale of the old yard would realize $3,000,000
in all probability. It is in direct antagonism to
the policy of the Navy Department that this
should be stricken out. If it is struck out the
result will be that the operations of the navy-
yard will still be continued in that confined
and inadequate space of which the Secretary
speaks. 1 trust that this amendment will not
be agreed to.
The amendment was rejected.
The next amendment was on page 58, line
twelve hundred and eighty-seven, in the appro-
riationsforthe navy-yard at Norfolk, Virginia,
to strike out the following clause:
For an iron-plating shop, $50,000 ; for dredging,
$15,000; in all, $140,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 58, line
twelve hundred and ninety-two, in the appro-
priations for the navy-yard at Pensacola,
Florida, to strike out the following clause:
For commandant's quarters, $10,000; in all, $35,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Chief Clerk continued the reading of the
bill down to the following clause:
For naval station at New London, Connecti-
cut :
For repairs of all kinds, $5,800.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I move in line
thirteen hundred and three to strike out
the word "five" and insert "fifty;" and
in support of this amendment I beg leave to
read a letter from the Secretary of the Navy,
dated on the 14th instant.
Mr. COLE. I must raise a question of order.
Let us go on with the bill until-w'e get through
with the amendments of the committee.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Whatisthe
point of order of the Senator from California?
Mr. COLE. I want to dispose of the amend-
ments that are reported in the bill first.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The prac-
tice has been to first consider the amendments
reported by the Committee on Appropriations,
but if the Senator from Connecticut insists
upon it, the Chair will entertain his motion.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I propose to read a
letter from the Secretary of the Navy in
reference to the amendment which I offer to
this clause.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I understand
the Senator's proposition is to increase this
appropriation from $5,000 to $10,000.
