1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1971
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. No, sir; to make it
$50,000.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Has the Sen-
ator given notice of that amendment?
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. Yes, sir, I gave
notice of it. I did not ask to have the amend-
ment printed; but on Friday last, if I mistake
not, I gave a copy of it to the chairman of the
committee.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. What commit-
tee recommends it?
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. No committee rec-
ommends it that I am aware of.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Then I do not
think it is in order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If that is
the case, the Chair will rule it out of order.
Mr. BUCHINGHAM. I will inquire if
there have not been amendments made to this
bill since it has been under consideration which
have not been proposed or recommended by a
committee ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there
have been, no point was made upon them,
and the Chair would entertain this amend-
ment if the point had not been made in this
case; but the point being made, the Chair is
compelled to rule according to the rule.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Appropriations was on page 59, line thirteen
hundred and twenty-five, to reduce the appro-
priation for labor in the Department of Agricul-
ture from $12,000 to $10,000.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I hope that will not
be done. It is a very small appropriation,
and it is an important matter to the Agricul-
tural Department of the Government. It only
makes the appropriation $2,000 less. Twelve
thousand dollars has always been the sum
appropriated. I hope the Senate will not
agree to the amendment.
The amendment was rejected.
The next amendment was on page 59, line
thirteen hundred and twenty-six, in the appro-
priation for the Department of Agriculture,
to reduce the appropriation for cast-iron labels
for trees and shrubs from $1,000 to S500.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I hope that will not
be agreed to. A short time ago we appropri-
ated $5,000 to build sparrow-houses, and now
we do not want to give a thousand dollars tor
planting trees and erecting a cast-iron fence.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 60, line
thirteen hundred and thirty-three, to reduce
the aggregate of appropiationsfor the Depart-
ment of Agriculture from $16,200 to $13,200.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. MACHEN. In the absence of the Sen-
ator from New Jersey, [Mr. Fkeuxqhotsbn,]
who prepared it, I desire to offer an amend-
ment to that section. It is to insert after line
thirteen hundred and thirty-three the follow-
ing:
For removal of plants, roots, trees, and fixtures
from the old to the new propagating garden,
north of and adjoining the Agricultural grounds,
and for the improvement of the same, $5,000.
Mr, COLE. What committee is that amend-
ment from ?
Mr. MACHEN. It is not from the com-
mittee. I ask to have a letter read explain-
ing it.
Mr. COLE. Who is that from ?
Mr, MACHEN. It is from a member of the
House of Representatives. If the point of
order is raised on the amendment, as a matter
of course I do not press it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is not in
order if the point is made.
Mr. MACHEN. Does anybody make that
point?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is the point
of order raised?
Mr. COLE. Yes, sir; several points.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The same ob-
jection was raised on the Senator from Con-
necticut.
Mr. MACHEN. It is a very desirable little
amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The point
of order being raised, the amendment cannot
be received.
The next amendment was on page 61, line
thirteen hundred and sixty, after the word
"dollars," to insert the words "and this
amount shall be available from the passage of
this act;" so that the clause will read :
Sor expenses of the commission appointed under
act approved March 19,1872, for the purpose of sur-
veying and making the boundary between the ter-
ritory of the United States and the possessions of
Great Britain, from the Lake of the Woods to the
summit of the Rooky mountains, $125,000; and this
amount shall be available from the passage of this
aet.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. COLE. I have an amendment to offer
in connection with that from the Department:
Any unexpended balance of the appropriation
made by the aet approved December 21,1871. for the
expenses that may be incurred under article one to
nine of the treaty with Great Britain uoucluded
May 8,1871, may be expended under the direction
of the Secretary of State, with the approval of the
President of the United States, to enable the Pres-
ident to fulfill the stipulations contained in the
twentieth, twenty-second, twenty-third, twenty-
fourth, and twenty-fifth articles of said treaty in
relation to the creation of commissions and pro-
ceedings before the same, and to the appointment
of agents.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 61, after
line thirteen hundred and sixty one, in the
appropriations for the State Department, to
insert:
For a lithographic press and necessary materials,
not to exceed $1,000. and for a lithographic press-
man and laborers, not to exceed $2,000; in all, $3,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. This com-
pletes the amendments of the Committee on
Appropriations.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I am di-
rected by the Committee on Public Buildings
and Grounds to offer the following amend-
ment, to be inserted on page 20, after line six
hundred and eighty-nine:
For 10,844 square feet of land on South Capitol and
South B streets, with the building standing thereon,
the sum of $15,000, to be paid to the trustees of the
Israel African Methodist Episcopal Church when-
ever there shall be, in due and legal form, transferred
to the United States a good and sufficient title to
said land and premises: Provided, That said trustees
may have the right to remove the building thereon,
known as the parsonage, and the seats and benches
belonging to the church, at any time within thirty
days after being notified to remove the same by the
Architect of the Capitol.
Mr. President, for some years we have had
petitions and papers in large numbers from
this church, which is visible to all of us as we
approach the Capitol on the south side. It
is nearly covered up by the amount of' earth
that we have thrown up on the north side of
it, and when our streets are completed it will
entirely shut out the light on that side, coming
up in close contact with the church. The
church was of very considerable value, and it
is apparent that it is entirely ruined. Cer-
tainly they have an equitable claim, if not a
legal oue. There are over ten thousand feet
of land there, and in order to settle all ques-
tion of damages and also for our own accom-
modation the Committee on Public Buildings
and Grounds have thought it would be best to
pay them a moderate sum for the building and
the laud and take it.
The church can be used, as we are informed,
for a valuable object, as a stable for the other
side of the Capitol. It is wanted for the
accommodation of horses for the Sergeant-at-
Arms, Postmaster, &c.
The only question about the matter is
whether we have not driven rather a hard bar-
gain with these poor people ? AH they want is
some place in which to worship on the Sab-
bath. The Committee on Public Buildings
and Grounds propose to give them $15,000 for
their land and their church, and give them the
privilege of removing the parsonage if they
choose, and the benches and seats out of the
old church. I trust there will not be a single
voice against it. The land itself is worth all
that we propose to pay.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENSON. I am authorized by
the Committee on Appropriations to offer a
small amendment on page 27, line six hun-
dred and fifty-eight, to strike out "fifteen"
and insert "twenty." Th^felause now reads:
Smithsonian Institution:
t For preservation of the collections of the survey-
ing and exploring expeditions of the Government,
$15,000.
This increase is asked for in order to enable
the_ Institution to arrange and exhibit the geo-
logical collections lately transferred from the
Land Office, and to make out duplicate speci-
mens in sets for distributing to colleges and
institutions throughout the United States.
Professor Baird, in a letter before me, says
that he made this estimate of $15,000, which
is the usual estimate, before the transfer was
made from the Land Office of all these speci-
mens, and the additional appropriation is
required to prepare for the large increase of
these specimens, and also to prepare dupli-
cates for distribution. The amendment simply
proposes an appropriation of $20,000, instead
of $15,000. I hope the Senate will agree to it.
Mr. COLE. I think $20,000 is probably
more than the whole thing is worth.
Mr. STEVENSON. I am astonished at the
chairman.
Mr. COLE. I think it is hardly worthwhile
to expend such a large sum for such things,
and $15,000 it seems to me is ample for what-
ever care is requisite for the specimens that
were received by the Smithsonian from the
Land Office.
Mr. STEVENSON. I had hoped that the
chairman of the committee would be satisfied
with the recommendation and estimate of
Professor Baird. He gives a very good rea-
son why he wants an increase of the appro-
priation, and when a man like Professor Baird
tells us why he wants this, ia order to enable
the Institution to exhibit thegeological collec-
tion which they have received and to make
out duplicate specimens of them, I do not
see how we can well refuse such a request.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I have one
more amendment to offer. It is on page
53, line eleven hundred and sixty-two, to
strike out "ten " and insert ''fifteen;" so as
to read, "for annual repaiis of the Execu-
tive Mansion, $15,000."
Those of us who have been there and exam-
ined the basement story of the White House
must be entirely aware that the whole or nearly
the whole of the lower story will have to be
taken out, and there are other repairs of the
house required—the roof and some of the
ceilings. It will be impossible to effect a
thorough repair and make the lower story
healthy for anything like the sum of $10,000.
I trust there will be no objection to appropriat-
ing $15,000.
Mr. STEVENSON. I should like to ask
the chairman of the Committee on Public
Buildings whether he does not contemplate the
erection of a new Executive Mansion, and if
he does, why should we go into these very
heavy expenditures for repairs ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I have no
doubt that will be done next year, but not
this. But the lower story there ought to be
repaired at once to make the foundation so
that it will sustain the ceilings in the upper
story, which it will not do at the present time,
and in order to do this the lo wer part will have
to be taken out.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. You will want
to do that whether a new building is erected or
not.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Yes, this
must be done, whether we have a new building
or not.
