1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
47
commerce we have left, I want to know that
those ships, when built, will be useful; and
I wish some of our competent uaval officers,
for we have many such, to be responsible for
their proper construction. I find that the gen-
tleman from Maine [Mr. Hale] announces
the fact that the ships which have been built
in our navy-yards are useless. His language is:
" 1 do not know who was to blame in the old
arrangement under which vessels were built, but I
d i believe in building new ones now we will get
more quickly better vessels for less money if they
are all or any part of them built in private yards."
Ou the other hand, the gentleman from
Virginia [Mr. Platt] asserts that,
" Instead of the vessels built in our nayr-yards
having been useless, and those outside having been
valuable, the exact reverse of that statement is the
trath. In almost every instance where the Govern-
ment have gone outside of our navy-yards, and
vessels forthe^«'avy have been built by contract,
they have proved useless and expensive failures."
Mr. PLATT. I desire to say, if the gentle-
man will permit me, that my statement is
strictly true, being borne out by all the facts
in possession of the Department from the
formation of the Government.
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. I merely wish the
fact to appear that the Committee ou Naval
Affairs have given us no facts to act upon, and
that the gentleman from Maine [Mr. Hale]
asserts positively one state of facts, while the
gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Platt] with
equal positiveness asserts another. I want
to know 'what are the real facts before
I vote $10,000,000, for it will cost that
amount before we get through with these ten
ships. The $3,000,000 appropriation sug-
gested now is merely an entering-wedge for
whatever the Department sees fit to expend
in their construction. At the close of the
war an official report showed that we had
six hundred and fifty ships; four hundred
and seventy-one of them are gone. We have
not built a ship since the war, except perhaps
some torpedo boats. And the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Banks] stated in his
speech the other day that—
"The Secretary of the Navy in his last report
stated we had 179 ships, of which there were 29 sail-
ing snips not adapted to the service for which we
wanted vessels. There were 53 only on the regular
stations on the Pacific coast, on the Atlantic coast,
and on the lakes, where they were wanted and could
not be well withdrawn from that service. Six were
only ready for sea. Fifty-two were monitors, only
1 in commission, all lying at navy-yards where they
could not be used, and they themselves were not
adapted for this service. Seventeen were in repair,
and thirteen on the stocks, not having been com-
pleted and never launched, and probably never will
be, because they were constructed of imperfect ma-
terials which did not answer the purpose of these
ships, and the cost of completing would be ulti-
mately a loss if it were authorized."
It has been shown by gentlemen in this de-
bate, especial Iy by the gentleman from Virginia,
[Mr. Platt,] to whom I again refer, that—
" The naval force belonging to-day to the Govern-
ment of the United States is not sufficient to protect
us, even while a neutral Power, from insult and ag-
gression on the part of other nations. Gentlemen
will find by referring to the report of the Secretary
of the Navy for the present year that our effective
naval force to-day consists of only 41 vessels, carry-
ing '181 guns—a smaller force than we have ever found
ourselves in possession of at almost any period since
the establishment of our Navy.
"In 1844 the naval force of the country consisted
of 75 effective ships; 10 ship* of the line, carrying
100 guna; 13 frigates, first class, carrying each 44
guns; 2 frigates, second class, carrying 36 guns; 6
sloops of war, second class; 7 frigates, 8 schooners,
8 steamers, and 4 store-ships; making in 1844, in the
comparative infancy of our Republic, 75 ships, car-
rying 2,256 guns. In 1854, when there was presented
to the House of Representatives, during the Thirty-
Third Congress, from the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs of that body, a bill asking authority and an ap-
propriation of $5,000,000 to build six frigates, to cost
$6,000,000, the Navy at that time, in 1854, when it
was proposed to make this addition, was larger and
had more effective ships and guns than we have to-
day; for they had in 1854 for effective service 50sail-
ing vessels and 22 steam vessels; making 72 vessels,
bearing 2,116 guns. In 1854 we had 72 vessels and
2,150 guns capable of service, whiie in 1872 we have
only 41 vessels, carrying 381 guns, fit for service.
Sir, the mere statement of this fact ought to carry
conviction to the mind of every member of the
House that the passage of this bill presented by the
Committee on Naval Affairs, now before the llouse
for discussion, is absolutely essential if we would
maintain any navy whatever."
It thus appears, Mr. Speaker, that we have
I not now one third of the naval armament we
had prior to 1860; and yet what does our finance
report show? It develops the fact that we
have for the last three years been expending
over $20,000,000 annually to keep up our
Navy. In 1844 we only expended £6,000,000
for the Navy, which was then as useful and
more efficient than that we have now. In
1854, and from that date up to 1860, we never
expended over $14,000,000 annually. It was
in round numbers $11,000,000 in 1800,
$13,000,000 in 1865, and $14,000,000 in 1866.
(See finance report for 1871, page 19.)
Mr. PLATT. I will call the gentleman's
attention and that of the House to the fact
that in 1854, in the Thirty-Third Congress, a
bill was passed providing for the building of
six new steam frigates, for which $3,000,000
were appropriated.
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. That is stated in
the extract which I have made from the gentle-
man's speech. The matter, in short, which I
want to get at is, what has become of the money
we have been annually appropriating, to wit,
over $20,000,000 each year for the last three
years—it was perhaps $ 19,000,000 and a frac-
tion in one of them—and yet we have scarcely
any ships which are not considered worthless for
the purpose for which we want them. I would
like to be advised by the Naval Committee
how all these millions which have been ex-
pended, more than was spent at a time when
we had a navy which was efficient, have been
disposed of? Where has it all g^ne to? And
I would like specially to know where the
proceeds of the four hundred and seventy-
one ships which have been sold in the
last five years have gone? When a reso-
lution was passed last session on my motion,
calling upon the Secretary of the Navy to tell
what had become of the proceeds of the sale ,
of those vessels, what does he say? Look at
his response, Executive Document No. 250.
There is no list furnished to us of the vessels |
sold. It says, for example, Admiral Bell, for
vessels sold, $700,000; and again, Admiral
Bell, for vessels sold, $500,000; Admiral
Godon, for vessels sold, and so on. It does
not tell as the number of vessels sold, the
price each one of them brought, where they
were built, what they cost, when built, whether
built in private yards or in public yards, who
bought them, or what was the necessity for
making these sales.
And while the report acknowledges that
$12,000,000 were received from the sale of
those ships, it does not condescend to tell us
what was the reason for their sale. I do
not know but these ten ships which we are
asked to appropriate all this money for will
be said to be unfit for service and will be
sold again before the year runs round. I
have information on which I rely that ships
have been sold in the absence of competition
at scandalously low prices. It was charged
in the Senate of the United States by
Judge Edmunds, of Vermont, that it was a
fact that vessels were sold at the lowest price
and not to the highest bidder. I have heard
of one ship which was sold for $19,000,
and after one coat of paint was put upon it,
it was sold by the purchaser for $120,000.
I know the public papers charge that some
ships were sold for less than half a million of
dollars which were afterward sold to the
emperor of Brazil by the purchasers for
$5,000,000. I do not intend to vote any more
money to the Navy Department until the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs tell this House where
those worthless ships were built, whether in
public or in private yards, why they were sold
by the Secretary of the Navy, to whom sold,
what they cost, when built, what price he got
for tliem, and whether the proceeds of the
property sold have been fairly spent in accord-
ance with law.
When 1 know these things, then I will be
willing to put more money into the hands of
the Secretary and to vote any amount of
money necessary to give us an efficient navy.
But in the present condition of things I can-
not do so. Why, sir, look at your book of esti-
mates and the appropriations for this year,
for every year. While the navy-yards are
denounced as useless you find this state of
things in every one of them. You have eight
or nine navy-vards on the Atlantic coast and
one on the Pacific, and in every one of them
there are eight or ten bureaus. There is the
bureau of equipments and recruiting. There
is the bureau of yards and docks. There are
bureaus of clothing and provisions at each one
of them. There are bureaus of construction
and repairs kept up at each one of them.
There are bureaus of steam engineering kept
up at each one of them. There are all sorts
ofbureaus and all sorts of machinery kept up
at each one of these yards, costing us annually
millions and millions of dollars. And yet
the humiliting confession is made that it
is all fraud and corruption; that all is kept
up uselessly, and that we have to go to private
yards to get ships built at fair prices; that
our officers cannot be trusted ; that our navy-
yards are failures, and that we have to make
private jobs with private firms in spite of all
these annual appropriations, in order to get
ships fit to be used in the service.
I want the Naval Committee of this House,
if these yards are, as they are represented to
be, carried on at the enormous expense at
which they are carried on, to report a measure
to have them abolished ; orif they are fit for the
work to have them remodeled in such a way
that our own naval officers will be able to build
such ships as we require, and not have our
ships built by private contract and keep up
the public yards at the same time. We have
naval officers who can be trusted, men of
rank, position, character, and education, who
1 will feel it incumbent upon them if they are
i ordered to take charge of the construction ot
j these ships to see that the work is done faith-
I fully and well. They ought to have charge ot
the construction of them, if they are built,
and be responsible if fraud or extortion is
practiced. We are merely groping in the dark
when we vote as we are required to do now.
and I will therefore vote against the bill.
[Here the hammer fell. J
Mr. KERR. I now yield five minutes to
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Ran-
dall.]
Mr. RANDALL. The gentleman from
New York [Mr." Cox] thought fit to give
rather a political turn to this question. I
propose to discuss it entirely apart from pol-
itics. But incidentally I may say, having a
navy-yard in the district which I have the
honor to represent, that I am very glad to sec
that yard full of mechanics, even though som«
of them may be indifferent mechanics in re-
gard to skill ; because after all it benefits the
mass of the people I represent. Even an in-
different mechanic has to feed and to clothe
his family and himself. They have all to go
to the honest democratic buker or butcher.
Therefore, if I was guided by any narrow reach
in that particular, I should be in favor of all
these ships being built in our navy-yard ; but I
desire to rise above any local interests, and to
have reference only to the good of the country.
The question must be met, and I want that
the House shall express its disposition in ref-
erence to testing this question, so that we shall
finally by our own experience know whether
it is better to build these ships in private yards
or in the navy-yards of the country.
It is asserted with great positiveness, and, I
am compelled to admit, with great show of
truth, that these ships can be built by private
contract thirty-three per cent, cheaper than
the cost at which they are coustructed in the
public yards. The Secretary of the Navy h:is
forced us by the policy he has adopiedto meei,
this question, for he is selling the ships of the
Navy. It is not Congress, but it is your Sec-
