1972
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28,
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I will inquire whether
this amendment is recommended by a commit-
tee?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. No; it is not.
The PRESIDING pFFICER. Does the
Senator from Connecticut make the point of
order?
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. No, sir; I do not
make any objection to it.
Mr. MORRILL^jof Vermont. I could very
easily have had the recommendation of a com-
mittee if I had thought it would be required.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. There was an amendment
made on page 40, line nine hundred and
eighty, reducing the appropriation "for pur-
chase of site and construction of a building
for the custom-house at Fall River, Massa-
chusetts," from $200,000 to $100,000. I sug-
gest to the Senator from Maine [Mr. Moriiili,]
to move a reconsideration of that vote, as it
■was done on his motion. I find on an examin-
ation that $'200,000 is to purchase the site
and construct the building, and that the site is
already purchased, and will cost one half of
this entire sum, I think $108,000.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I made the
motion to strike out so as to make the appro-
priation conform to the estimates. But since
I made the motion I have seen the chairman
of the Committee on Appropriations of the
House, who informs me that he had a letter
from the Secretary of the Treasury recom-
mending an additional $100,000 for the reason
stated by the Senator from Massachusetts,
which I am disposed to regard in the nature
of a supplemental estimate. Therefore, I
think we ought to reconsider the vote, and put
the appropriation back in harmony with the
estimate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Mob-
rill, of Vermont, in the chair.] The Sen-
ator from Maine moves to reconsider the vote
by which the amendment on page 40, line nine
hundred and eighty, reducing the appropria-
tion, was agreed to.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion recurs on the adoption of the amendment.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. CHANDLER. I offer the following
amendment from the Committee on Commerce,
to come in after line seven hundred and thirty-
eight, on page 31:
For the repair of the lake survey steamer Search.
$20,000.
This is recommen ded by the Secretary of
War. I have his letter here.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Has any notice
been given to the committee of this amend-
ment?
Mr. CHANDLER. Yes, sir; three or four
days ago.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. I send an amend-
ment to the desk.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I think we have done
work enough to-day, and I move that the Sen-
ate do now adjourn.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. I hope we shall
not adjourn now. Let us get through with this
bill.
Tne PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from South Carolina persist in his
motion ?
Mr. COLE. If the bill goes over until to-
morrow it will consume the whole day.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I hope the
Senator will not persist in his motion.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I withdraw it.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. Imovetoamend
the bill on page 40, after line nine hundred
and eighty-one, by inserting the following :
For the purchase of site and commencing con-
struction of the building for the court-house and
post office at Grand Rapids, Michigan, $50,000.
I will merely state that I presented this
matter to the committee, but in view of the
letter of the Secretary of the Treasury and the
course they resolved to pursue in striking out
all new public buildings, they declined
presenting it as an amendment from the com-
mittee. However, as the Senate have disa-
greed to their amendments in that respect, I
now ask that this amendment be adopted. A
law has been passed providing for a public
building at Grand Rapids, a city of some
twenty thousand inhabitants, and it is very
important that the appropriation should be
made in order that the Government may be
enabled to secure one square for the site, be-
cause the committee required an amendment
to be placed on the bill that there should be
no adjoining building, requiring this build-
ing to bo erected in a square with streets
all around it, and there is but one square
that can be obtained without a large expend-
iture of money. In order to secure this
we need an immediate appropriation, and I
have asked but $50,000. It was thought we
might get along with $40,000, but in order to
make it secure before the property runs up
much higher I ask that this appropriation be
made.
Mr. COLE. I hope not.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. I trust there
will be no objection to the amendment.
Mr. COLE. I must object.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. I have not
asked for any other public building in that
portion of the State. It is the only one that
we have in the western part of Michigan.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I wish the Sen-
ator would yield to me to allow me to make a
motion.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. Let a vote be
taken on this amendment first.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. It will take but
a moment. I desire to make a motion that
when we adjourn to-day it be to meet to mor-
row morning at ten o'clock.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is moved
that when the Senate adjourns to-day it adjourn
to meet to-morrow at ten o'clock in the morn-
ing.
The question being put, it was declared that
the ayes appeared to have it.
Mr. CHANDLER. I have not slept for the
last three nights, and I should like to sleep a
little longer than ten o'clock to-morrow morn-
ing. I therefore object to this motion and
hope that it will be voted down. Eleven
o'clock is as early an hour as I can get here.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I should sup-
pose that the Senator in his patriotism might
be willing, if he chooses to lie abed, to let
other people who desire to attend to business
at this stage of the session meet at ten
o'clock. If Senators think that they can lie
abed until eleven o'clock in the morning and
that Congress can adjourn on the 4th of March
with business transacted, they are very much
mistaken.
Mr. CHANDLER. Give me a good night's
sleep to-night, and I will sit up all night with
you to-morrow.
Mr. COLE. Let the bill be reported to the
Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion in regard to the hour of meeting is not
decided.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I withdraw the
motion. Let gentlemen who desire to take the
responsibiiity, take it.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. I ask for a vote
on my amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Michigan.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. NYE. I offer the following amendment
as an additional section to the bill:
Sec. — That the Postmaster General is hereby
authorized and directed to extend the existing con-
tract for mail steamship service between the ports
of San Francisco and Honolulu to some port or
ports in Australia and New Zealand, touching at
Honolulu, in the Sandwich Islands, and at Pago
Pago, m the Navigator s island, and such other
ports in the Pacific ocean as may become necessary
for coaling purposes, by means of a line, to run once
in every four weeks, making thirteen round trips
per annum, of first-class American-built sea-going
steamships, of not less than two thousand register
tons each, and of a character and speed suitable for
mail and passenger steamships in this service, and
of sufficient number to perform thirteen round
voyages per annum between said ports: Provided,
That all ships to be built hereafter shall correspond
in all respectsto the steamships herein described, and
be not less than twenty-five hundred, tons register,
Government measurement; said service to continue
for a term of five years, to commence on or before
April 7,1873, and shall include, extend, and consoli
date the contract now existing for United States mail
service between San Francisco and the Sandwich
Islands; that the Postmaster General shall oontraot
for the aforesaid service with the parties owning
and representing the California, New Zealand, and
Austraiian'mail steamship line, at a rate of com-
pensation not exceeding $225,000 for thirteen round
voyages: and upon entering into said oontraetsaid
parties shall enter into good and suffloint security
for itsfaithfulperformance, subject to the approval
of the Postmaster General.
Mr. STEVENSON. I rise to a point of
order.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I desire to make a
point of order on that amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
is not informed whether this amendment has
been reported from any committee.
Mr. NYE. I present it at the request of
the chairman of the committee on Post Offices
and Post Roads.
Mr. STEVENSON. I raise another point
of order besides that. It has not been re-
ported by any committee, and in addition to
that it is not germane to any appropriation in
this bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
decides the amendment out of order.
Mr. NYE. I should like to say a word on
that, but if it is too late I suppose I must sub-
mit.
Mr. COLE. Now let the bill be reported
to the Senate, and then if there are any more
amendments they can he offered.
Mr. MACHEN. I presented a little amend-
ment a short time ago, and in presenting it I
had forgotten that I was a member of the Com-
mittee on Agriculture, of which the Senator
from New Jersey [Mr. Frelinghuysen] is
chairman. The Senator from West Virginia
[Mr. Davis] is also a member, and I have
seen another, and there are four of us who
agree in recommending the adoption of the
amendment. It is to insert after the word
"dollars," in line twelve hundred and four-
teen, the following:
For removal of plants, roots, trees, and fixtures
from the old to the new propagating garden, north
of and adjoining the Agricultural grounds, and for
the improvement of the same, $5,000,
A word of explanation only 
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. You had better
not explain it.
Mr. MACHEN. Very good ; if it does not
need any explanation I will let it go.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SPENCER. I offer the following
amendment:
For the purchase by the United States of the in-
terest of the District of Columbia in the present City
Hall building in Washington, now used solely for
Government purposes, such sum as may be determ-
ined by three impartial appraisers, to be selected by
the Secretary of the Interior, not exceeding $150,000;
the same to be applied by said District only for the
erection of asuitable building forthe District offices,
and the Governor and Board of Public Works are
authorized, if they deem it advisable for that pur-
pose, to make arrangements to secure sufficient land
fronting on Pennsylvania and Louisiana avenues,
between Seventh and Ninth streets.
Mr. COLE. I think that amendment is
out of order.
Mr. SPENCER. Why is it out of order ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will inquire whether this amendment is re-
ported by any committee ?
Mr. SPENCER. I report it.
Mr. STEVENSON. Is it reported by a
standing committee?
_ Mr. SPENCER. Regular notice of it was
given.
