1014
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 31,
Mr. VOQRHEES moved to reconsider the
vote just taken ; and also moved that the mo
lion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The. latter motion was agreed to.
JOHN S. HORNOR.
■Mr. TOOItflEES also, from the same com-
mittee, reported a bill (EL R. No. 3726) for
. the relief of John 8. Hornor; which waa read
' a first and second time.
The.question was on ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The preamble of the bill states that an exam-
ination of all the papers in the case shows
1hat injustice was done to John S. Hornor, of
Helena, Arkansas, in the judgment for $44-1 97
pronounced against him by the Post Office
Department as security for Douglas Saint, late
postmaster at Helena, Arkansas; and that by
the receipts on file it appears that the judg-
ment for said sum has been fully paid and sat-
isfied by Hornor. The bill directs that 5444 97
be paid to John S. Hornor, out of any money
in the Treasury appropriated to the Post Office
Department, to reimburse him for the amount
so paid under the order or judgment of the
Post Office Department.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it
•was accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. VOOHHEKS moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
SAN FRANCISCO LAND ASSOCIATION.
Mr. PETERS, from the Committe on the
Judiciary, reported a bill (H. R. No. 8727) to
determine the rights of the San Francisco
Land Association of Philadelphia; which was
read a first and second time, ordered to be
printed, and recommitted.
Mr. HOLM AN moved to reconsider the
vote by which tho bill was recommitted ; and
also moved that the motion to reoonsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
THOMAS HARDEMAN.
Mr. PETERS also, from the same commit-
tee, reported back, with a recommendation that
the same do pass, House bill No. 3501, for
the removal of the disabilities of Thomas
Hardeman, of Georgia.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed,
two thirds voting in favor thereof.
Mr. PETERS moved to reconsider tho vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
KDM0ND M. RANDOLPH.
Mr. SHOEMAKER, from the Committee
on the Judiciary, reported a bill (H. R. No.
3728) to provide for the payment of legal ser-
vices rendered by Edmund M. Randolph to
the United States; which was read a first and
second time.
The question was on ordering the bill to
«e engrossed and read a third time.
The'bill directs the Attorney General of the
United States to settle and adjust the balance
ot tees found due the widow and heirs of
xtidmund M. Randolph, deceased, for profes-
sional services rendered by him in his life-
time to the United States, said professional
services having been rendered by said Ran-
aoiph under contracts in writing made with
him by the late Hop. Edwin M. Stanton, under
directions from the Attorney General of the
United States; and requires the Attorney
General to pay the amount which shall be
found due, from any moneys appropriated
m T&T1(?/ral ®sPe"sef of United States.
Mr. HOLMAN. Is there any report in this
case ?
Mr. SHOEMAKER. I ask the Clerk to
read the papers upon which the committee
base their action.
The Clerk read as follows:
Attorney General's Office,
August 4,1858.
Sir: You and Mr. Delia Torre are directed to
proceed with all possible diligence and energy in
vindicating the rights of the United States to the
New Almaaen quicksilver mine. You have full au-
thority to do whatever may be necessary intheprem-
ises. You may employ Mr. Randolph, if you think
it necessary, for such compensation as you and the
district attorney deem fair and just, reserving to
this office the right of reducing the fee if thought
too high.
Respectfully, yours, J. S. BLACK.
E. M. Stanton, esq., San Francisco, California.
The foregoing is a true copy of a letter addressed
to me by Hon. J. S. Black, Attorney General of the
United States, and filed by mein the office of the dis-
trict attorney of the United States in S:m Francisco.
EDWIN M. STANTON.
The United States 1 In the circuit court of
_ , _ I the United States for
John Parnate, Henry M. f the northern district of
HaUeck, etal. J California—in Equity.
In this case it is agreed by P. Delia Torre and
Edwin M. Stanton, acting on behalf of the United
States, and Edmund Randolph, as follows:
1. That the said Randolph has been and is re-
tained and employed on behalf of the United States
to render his professional services in the above-
named case as assistant counsel of the Government
for the compensation of $5,000 to be paid him by
the United States, and such other further allowance
as the Attorney General of the United States, in
the progress of the case and upon the final result,
may deem fair and just.
2. This agreement is subject to the approval
and ratification of the Attorney General of the
United States.
P. DELLA TORRE,
United States Attorney,
EDWIN M. STANTON.
San Francisco, September 3,1858.
Andres Carbellero") In tho district court of the Uni-
m. TT .vs\ r States for the northern
The United States. J District of California.
Appeal from the board of land commissioners.
In the above case it is agreed between P. Delia
Torre, district attorney, aud Edwin M. Stanton
acting on behalf of the United States, and Edmund
Randolph, as follows:
3. That said Randolph hath been and is retained
and employed on behalf of theUnited States to ren-
der his professional services as assistant counsel of
the Government for the compensation of $5,000, to
be paid him by the United States, of which $500 has
been paid by E. M. Stanton.
2. This agreement to be subject to the approval
and ratification of the Attorney General of the Uni-
ted States.
P. DELLA TORRE,
States Attorney.
EDWIN M. STANTON.
San Francisco, September, 3,185S.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. SHOEMAKER moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
SOUTHERN JUDICIAL DISTRICT OP NEW YOKK
Mr. POTTER. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary to ask to have taken
from the Speaker's table for consideration at
this time, Senate bill No. 1317} to provide for
the holding of additional terms of the circuit
court of the United States for the southern
district of New York. I am entirely aware
that it is not a private bill. j
I. he SPEAKER. It will in any event re-
quire unanimous consent to take it from the
Speaker's table; so that point of order need
not be raised.
No objection being made, the bill was taken
trom the Speaker's table, and read a first and
second time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be read a third time.
The bill was read. It provides that addi-
tional terms of the circuit court of the United
states for the southern district of New York
shall hereafter be held m each year, com-
mencing as follows: on the second Wednes-
day of January, on the second Wednesday
ot March, on the second Wednesday of May,
on the third Wednesday of Juno, on the
second We3nesday of October, and on the
second Wednesday of December. The holding
of any of the above-mentioned terms is not to
dispense with or affect the holding of any
other term of the court at the same time, nor
is the pending of any other term of the court
to prevent the holding of any of the terms
hereby appointed.
The terms hereby appointed are to be de-
voted exclusively to the trial and disposal of
the criminal cases and matters arising and
pending in the court. Terms of the court
appointed by the act may be held by the cir-
cuit judge of' the second judicial circuit and
the district judges of the southern and eastern
districts of New York, or anyone of the three
judges ; and at every such term held by the
judge he is to receive the sum of $300, to be
paid in the manner now prescribed by law for
the payment of the expenses of another dis-
trict judge while holding court in the district.
All recognizances and bail bonds taken in
criminal cases for an appearance at a circuit
court in the district, conditioned upon an
appearance at the next one of the terms
hereby appointed, are to be valid, and grand
and petit juries are to be summoned to attend
the terms as now at other terms of the court.
There being no objection, the bill was read
a first and second time, ordered to a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
Mr. POTTER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
JOHN FORSYTH.
Mr. BINGHAM, from the Committee on
the Judiciary, reported a bill (H. R. No. 3729)
for the relief of John Forsyth, of Mobile,
Alabama; which was read a first and second
time.
The bill provides that (with the concurrence
of two thirds of each House) all disabilities
imposed upon John Forsyth, of Mobile, Ala-
bama, by the third section of the fourteenth
article of amendments to the Constitution, be
removed.
Mr. MAYNARD. Is there a petition accom-
panying this bill?
Mr. BINGHAM. Yes, sir ; I have just sent
the petition to the Speaker's desk.
Mr. MAYNARD. I ask that it be read.
The Clerk read as follows:
To the honorable Senate and House of Jiepreeenta-
tivenof if/ie United States in Congress assembled
The petition of your memorialist respectfully
represents that his case was not embraced in the act
ot Congress last session, granting a general
amnesty and relief from political disabilities incurred
icm;"1® j i®o't J? war' for,.the reason that in the years
he was a diplomatic representative as
7k 'i-f'jX-/aj0cu minister plenipotentiary
of the United States near the Government of Mexico
JJeehngand believing that on that mission he did no'
• act to discredit the Government whose credentials
fr™ u ""Js? tobear, that should except bim
the benefit of a law of grace extended to the
™ K ! citizens of the southern States, but that
on the contrary he received the thanks and com-
mendations of his Government for the fidelity and
spirit with which he had discharged his official
duties,.and the further compliment of the dispatch
of a ship of war to Vera Cruz to bring him home, a,
an additional mark of the satisfaction of the Gov-
vl c?.urse ofconduct, your memorii.list
respectfully asks for a special act of congressional
c^m®ncy relief m the premises.
nr™ Z0Ur memorialist, as in duty bound, will ever
J' " , JOHN UOESYTH.
Mobile, Alabama, January 27,1873.
Mr. MAYNARD. Was this man in the
diplomatic service of the Government at the
commencement of the war?
Mr. BINGHAM. I think he had returned
to this country before the commencement of
the war.
Mr. MAYNARD. How, then, does he come
within fche exceptions of the general amnesty
Mr. BINGHAM. Because he was In the
Mr° MAYVA Rll V'1 S°me T or olher'
Mr. AiAXiNAKD. bo were all who are
embraced in the general law.
