%
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 5,
7 $/  
(A (MS f men have
p' th-S^nr Navy is ir
have asserted it to be
in such an inefficient
Sir, this is not so strange when we
come to consider the causes. When the war
broke out iiere was scarcely any seasoned live-
oak timber in this country. The policy which
had governed the Navy Department prior to
1856 had been changed, and the seasoned
live-oak timber of the country had been con-
sumed. so that all the vessels built from 1860
up to the termination of the war were built of
green and insufficient timber. We have now
no vessels built of seasoned timber which were
not built twelve years ago ; and most of these
were old even when the war broke out. Since
the breaking out of the war it has been the
policy of the Government to reduce expendi-
tures in every respect, and we have built no
new vessels since that time with the exception
of two torpedo-boats, which are now being
built, and perhaps two other small iron vessels.
They are the only new vessels which we have
at this time.
Coming to the amendment of the gentleman
from Maine, [Mr. Hale,] I say that the build-
ing of these vessels in private yards is imprac-
ticable. I venture to assert here, in the pres-
ence of Representatives from all parts of this
country, that there is not now in the private
yards of the United States sufficient seasoned
live-oak timber to build five of these vessels,
or even three, as proposed by the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Cox.] One gentleman
from Pennsylvania, knowing the necessity of
live-oak timber in the construction of these
vessels, has inserted in his amendment a pro-
vision that the Government shall furnish to
private contractors the live-oak necessary for
the building of these vessels.
Now, sir, I speak knowingly when I say that
we have in the yards of this Government suf-
ficient live-oak timber to build, not only the
ten vessels proposed by the bill, but fifteen, if
necessary. I assert that the navy-yards of this
country are in splendid condition. Neither
members of this House, nor the people gen-
erally, except those who have had occasion to
look into this matter of otir navy yards, have
any conception of the splendid condition in
which four at least of these yards now are.
They have not only all the machinery pur-
chased during the war, but extensive machin-
ery bought since, the very best that could be
got. We have invested in these navy-yards
over $60,000,000. Besides this we have officers
of the Navy, educated by the Government, for
the purpose not only of commanding our ves-
sels in peace and in war, but of superintend-
ing the construction of these vessels in every
part—from stem to stern.
I know many members of this House are
acquainted with the prominence and high rep-
utation of John Roach, one of the greatest
private ship-builders in this country. What
does he say in regard to our navy-yards? I
ask not the members of this House to take my
say-so, but I take the words of a celebrated
private ship-builder when examined before a
committee of this House as they are reported
in Miscellaneous Document No. 201, page
234:
" Question. How many are in the navy-yard at
Washington ?
" Answer. TweDty-five.
" Question. How does the machinery of this yard
compare with the machinery of yours ?
"Answer. The machinery of the Washington navy-
yard is equally as good as our^. They have more
large tools than we have at present. I think, in
respect to the navy-yards, that it would be a great
mistake to keep them in any other condition than
that of the highest efficiency; that is the policy of
great Britain, which is the greatest naval Power of
the world. I think our Government would have
saved millions of dollars if, at the commencement
of the war, the navy-yards of the United States had
been in the same condition of efficiency they are
now."
Now, those are words of one of the largest
and most experienced ship-builders in this
country, of one who has built largely for the
Govern ment.
I quote further from the same document the
testimony of Mr. George R. Wilson, the mas-
ter machinist at the Washington navy-yard :
"Question. I want you to state, as an expert, your
opinion, whatever it is founded on—your opinion as
to the relative cost of building engines iu the navy-
yard here or in any of the navy-yards, and the cost
of building them outside?
",d.n*ioer. I believe they oan be built as cheaply
here as they can be built outside, and, lam satisfied,
iu a much more satisfactory manner.
" Question. Then you think it is more economical
for tiie Government to build their engines at the
navy-yard than outside?
" Aiixwcr. That is my judgment.
"Question. Is the navy-yard to which you are
attached adequately provided with every means to
build first-class engines of any sort?
" Answer. I think so myself. We have built from
sixty to one hundred engines.
" Question. How many men are there employed in
the navy-yard in the engine department?
" Answer. There are one hundred and nine all
told—men, boys, clerks, and writers, and every-
thing.
" Question. How many men have you facilities for
employing there?
"Answer. In the engine department?
" Question. Yes, sir.
"Answer. Well, sir, I should suppose we could
work very conveniently there from seven hundred
to one thousand men.
" Question. Do you think you could build what is
known as a compound engine in the Navy Depart-
ment?
"Anneer. I think we can build any engine that
ever was constructed.
By Mr. Archer:
" Question. Is it not the opinion of all officers with
whom you have conversed that the navy-yard work
is far superior to the work done by contractors?
"Answer. It is, sir; and also of a good many con-
tractors whom I nave heard speak of it.
" Question. The yard here is furnished with all the
machinery of every kind that is necessary for the
construction of first-class engines, is it not?
"Anncer. Yes, sir; it has first-class machinery.
" Question. Has a very large amount of machinery
been brought to the yard within the last three or
four years?
"Answer. There have been severallarge machines
added to the yard. We were very well supplied
with small machines before.
" By Mr. Bartlett:
" Question. How does the ability of the navy-yard
to produce engines now compare with what it was at
the end of the war ? Is it better?
"Answer. Well, we are not organized so well now.
" Question. I mean so far as your machinery on
hand is concerned ?
" Answer. It is far superior.
" Question. It is better than it was ever before 1
" An mer. Yes, sir: far superior. At the close of
the war we had a sufficient lot of machinery, but
there has been heavy machinery added to it, which
has made it a perfect machine-shop.
" Question. So far as the building of engines is con-
cerned, then, it is a perfect yard?
" Answer. Yes, sir.
" Question. How does it compare with the best
private establishments? Are there any private
establishments as well furnished ?
" Anmcer. No, sir; not to my knowledge. I have
seen all the first-class yards in the United States,
and I do not consider any of them equal to the
Washington navy-yard."
What has experience in the past taught us
in regard to the work which has been done by
the officers of the Navy, and in these navy-
yards ? The very ship referred to yesterday
by the gentleman from Maine [Mr. Hale] as
having been worthless, the Ohio, was built in
1820 in one of the navy-yards of the United
States, and that vessel was in commission as
a fighting vessel until 1862, and now floats as
the receiving ship in the harbor of Boston.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SCOFIELD. I now yield to my col-
league [Mr. L. Myers] for five minutes.
Mr. L. MYERS. Mr. Speaker, I havebutfew
words to say to the House beyond advocacy of
the general principles of the bill. The officers
of our Navy whose business it is to know its
wants, inform us that we need more vessels of
war, and I think this House is convinced of
that fact. We need thera for the protection
of commerce, we need them for the protection
of our citizens in various foreign countries, as
well as in the waters adjacent to our own
shores. There seems to be no question of
that, for I take it a large majority of this
House, responding to the sentiments of the
country, is in favor of the speedy adoption of
this bill in somesbape. There seems, then, to
be but one point of difference. Some gentle-
men are in favor of building all these vessels
at the Government yards, and some, like my
colleague, [Mr. Randall,] in favor of building
them all at private yards. However, he has
modified his amendment in that regard. Others
are in favor of building them half at pri-
vate yards and half at public yards. Yester-
day I took occasion, while urging that a major-
ity of these vessels should be built at the navy-
yards, to deprecate the attacks made on private
yards. Many of these private yards are able to
construct such vessels, but I am willing to
leave that question to the discretion of the
Secretary of the Navy, and therefore 1 shall
favor the bill as reported from the committee.
The bill does not confine the Secretary of the
Navy or his officers to build these vessels at
the Government yards. The matter is left to
his discretion. The bill provides that the
Secretary of the Navy be authorized to con-
struct ten steam vessels of war to be built as
mentioned, and it appropriates $3,000,000 for
that purpose. There is no word in that bill
which provides that the Secretary, if he sees
fit, shall not construct some of these vessels by
contract in private yards.
Mr. Speaker, we have seven navy-yards in
which wooden vessels may be built. Perhaps
some of these vessels will be built of iron. We
have certainly one or two competent for the
construction of such vessels. Seven of these
vessels, most probably will, and ought to be
built at the Government yards, leaviug two or
three for private yards if deemed best.
The gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Beck]
asks what has become of our Navy, which
counted up so many in number at the clos<- of
the war. My frietid from Maryland [Mr.
Archer] on the committee has well said that
that Navy was prepared in haste; that the
timber was unseasoned. More than that, he
should remember the live oak timber could
not be obtained except from Georgia anil Flor-
ida, and we could not at the time get there to
secure it. In consequence, most of those ves-
sels in the course of the past ten years have
decayed, and have becQme rotten and worth-
less. Now, it is an interesting fact that while
we have five vessels undergoing large repairs,
the Swatara, the Quinnebaugh, the Galena,
the Vandalia, and the Marion, which wiil not
be finished in a year, there are but two ves-
sels, the Juniata at Boston, and the Monon-
gahela at Portsmouth, which can be put in any
sort of preparation to come up to the proper
Standard of our squadrons on foreign stations.
And very shortly the place of the Alaska, m
the Chinese waters, must be supplied. The
Nantasket, from the West Indian squadron,
and the Resaca, from the South Pacific squad-
ron, have been put out of commission, and we
absolutely need these vessels for protection,
for the honor and safety of the country.
A word in regard to the charge that the
Secretary is selling off the vessels of the Navy
in order to build new ones. This is as unjust
as it is incorrect. Not a vessel has been sold
either by the present or the late Secretary, I
believe, which it was not for the best interest
of the Government to sell. Two monitors
were sold to Peru by the previous Administra-
tion ; but $380,000 apiece was paid for them.
The Stonewall was, about the same timp, sold
to Japan for $400,000 ; but the present Sec: > -
tary, although authorized to sell where he
deems best, even before that act only parted
with unseaworthy vessels. His report for 1870
shows a sale of only four small gunboats which
had been condemned. His report for 1871
shows the sale of one tug, and a few others
have been disposed of since which it was a
saving to sell.
What I desire is that the bill shall be passed
at once, in order that our Navy shall be
strengthened without delay. This will give
work to the several navy yards, and perhaps to
several of the private ship-yards; certainly,
some of the machinery will be built out-
side.
It is a subject for congratulation that this
necessary project will afford work to thousands
