1974
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28,
surplus home to the States where their homes
are, instead of investing it here. It should
be remembered that besides that there is no
considerable business here except that which
depends upon the location of the national
capital here. This is no mart for trade ; this
is no hive of manufacturing industry, into
which pour those streams of wealth that are
poured into such cities as New York, Phila-
delphia, Boston, Baltimore, &c.
Besides that, this city was laid out by the
national Government without consultation
•with its inhabitants. The plan making it a
"city of magnificent distances" was arranged
by the Government. There is in this city an
area of fifty-four and five tenths per cent, in
streets and avenues. In none of the large
cities in the country is there more than thirty-
five per cent, of the total area in streets and
avenues. In Boston it is about twenty-six per
cent.; in Baltimore it is about the same; in
New York it is thirty five per cent ; in Phila-
delphia it is about twenty six or twenty-seven
per cent. We have, therefore, nearly twice as
much area of streets in proportion to the whole
area in the city of Washington as they have in
other large cities of the country ; and yet the
citizens of Washington have up to this time
contributed ninety per cent, to keep these
streets and avenues in order; and this not-
withstanding the fact that the streets and
avenues of this city are owned in fee-simple by
the national Government, notwithstanding the
fact that there were ten thousand one hundred
and sixty six building lots donated to the Gov-
ernment of the United States in this city, which
as long ago as 1835, when Mr. Senator South-
ard made a report on the wants of the city of
Washington, had yielded the Government in
money over two and a half million dollars.
If that two and a half millions had tben been
put at simple interest at six per cent, and held
as a fund to accumulate for the improvement
of this city, it would have been more than
twenty-five million dollars to-day. But that is
not all that the Government has got out of this
donation.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator's second five minutes have expired.
Mr. SAWYER. One moment more, and I
am done.
Mr. STEVENSON. I object to that. I
think we must adhere to our rule.
Mr. THURMAN. Is it in order to move
to amend this amendment?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is.
Mr. THURMAN. I move to add at the
end these words, "and the avenue called Ohio
avenue is hereby abolished." [Laughter.]
A few years ago some of my constituents
were on a visit to the city 
Mr. CASSERLY. I should like to ask
whether the amendment has yet been received.
Mr. THURMAN. I wish to know what my
friend from California means by interrupting
me when I was going to tell a good story.
[Laughter.] 1 will sit down, sir.
Mr. SAWYER. I ask t.he Senator what he
means by being 11 received?"
Mr. CASSERLY. Is the Senator address-
ing me ?
Mr. SAWYER. I ask the Chair. I beg,
Mr. President, to ask the Senator from Cali-
fornia what he means by "receiving" the
amendment. Due notice was given of it. It
has been before us four or live days and been
referred to the Committee on Appropriations
in regular form.
Mr. CASSERLY. I am not aware of any
rule of manners or parliamentary decorum
that makes it improper fora Senator to inquire
whether an amendment has been received or
not. If there be any such rule, 1 hope our
accomplished Chief Clerk, who knows all about
the rules, will be good enough to read it. I
think there is not, however. I think it is a very
natural inquiry at this hour of the night, or
rather at one o'clock in the morning, why this
amendment was not brought forward at a much
earlier hour, so that it could be discussed. I
think it is not unreasonable when an amend-
ment is proposed voting such asum of money,
$1,600,000, in addition to $2,400,000 already
paid or provided to be paid, the last $1,200,000
being included in the present bill, it is the
most reasonable thing in the world to ask for
very ample explanations different from those
given by the Senator from South Carolina,
both as to the merits of this amendment and
also why it was not brought forward earlier in
the debate attending this bill.
It is perfectly impossible, it seems to me, to
allow au amendment asking for so much money
as this does to pass at one o'clock in the
morning. I think the Senator had better re-
serve this amendment for some other bill, the
deficiency bill for instance, if it be proper to
put it on that bill. It ought to be debated and
it will be debated if it is pressed. I think I
shall move, in order to enable us to get on
with this bill this evening, to lay this amend-
ment. on the table.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Mor-
rill, of Vermont, in the chair.) The Senator
from California moves that the amendment lie
on the table.
The question being put, there were on a
division—ayes 16, noes 14; no quorum voting.
Mr. SAWYER. I ask for the yeas and
nays.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I move that the Sen-
ate do now adjourn. ["Nol" "No!"]
Mr. CASSERLY. If we are to go into
measures of this kind at this hourof the night,
we had a great deal better adjourn.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor from South Carolina moves that the Sen-
ate donow adjourn. [Putting the question.]
The noes appear to have it.
Mr. CASSERLY. I call for the yeas and
nays.
Mr. COLE. Let me suggest that the amend-
ment be withdrawn until the bill is reported to
the Senate, and then let us see what amend-
ments are reserved.
Mr. CASSERLY. I have no objection to
that, but I reserve the right to call for the
yeas and nays.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor from California withdraws his demand for
the yeas and nays.
Mr. THURMAN. Did a quorum vote on
the last vote ?
Mr. CASSERLY. I do not wish to have
any misunderstanding about the matter. A
motion to adjourn was*made. There was a
vote by sound, upon which the Chair decided
adversely to the motion. Then I asked forthe
yeas and nays, and I withdrew that call for
the purpose of permitting my colleague to
make some suggestion.
Mr. COLE. Now let the bill be reported to
the Senate, and let us concur in those amend-
ments upon which there is no dispute, and let
us know then what other amendments there
are to dispose of, and then determin^whether
to adjourn or not.
Mr. THURMAN. Did not the last division
disclose tbe want of a quorum ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment that is pending must be disposed of
before the bill can be reported.
Mr COLE. There is au agreement that it
shall be.
Mr. HAMLIN. It may be withdrawn tein-
P<The^PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from South Carolina withdraw his
amendment ?
Mr. SAWYER. I understood when I offered
the amendment that the bill had been reported
to the Senate. I was so informed by one of
the committee. If I have the opportunity of
offering it in the Senate, 1 would as lief it
should go over to-night.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Then the
Chair understands the Senator from South
Carolina to withdraw the amendment.
Mr. COLE. Now let the bill be reported
to the Senate.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on concurring in the amendments made
as in the Committee of the Whole.
Mr. HITCHCOCK. I desire to reserve the
amendment on page 61, line twelve hun-
dred and forty-five.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there
any other amendments which Senators desire
to reserve? [" No other!"] Then all the
other amendments will be taken in gross and
considered as concurred in, no objection being
made thereto.
Mr. STEVENSON. I now ask the Clerk
to read the amendment which is reserved.
The Chief Clerk. The amendment re-
served is on page 61, after line twelve hun-
dred and forty-four, to insert the following:
To complete improvements of streets and avenues
now m progress opposite and around Government
property, $913,497 26: Provided, That all payments
made under these appropriations shall be made only
upon vouchers approved by the officer in charge of
the public buildings and grounds of the District.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on concurring in this amendment.
Mr. HITCHCOCK. I want the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Now I have a
word to say. There seems to be a disposition
to resist this amendment. It was put in by
the Committee on Appropriations, and it has
been put on by the Senate as in Committee of
the Whole.
Mr. HITCHCOCK. By common consent.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maiue. . By common
consent, yes, sir, without opposition. The Sen-
ator from Nebraska now feels himself called
upon to reserve it and to call for the yeas and
nays upon it, and he expects the Senate to re-
verse its action without any statement in re-
gard to it. If he knows anything about
this proposition it would be well for him to
state it.
There are some presumptions in favor of
the correctness of this prop <sition. It was
recommended by the standing committee of
this body, whose business it is to know about
the affairs of this District. It was examined
carefully by the Committee on Appropriations
with a view of ascertaining whether it was a
proper thing for them to recommend. They
believe the thing is right in itself, and if the
Senator knows anything about it why does he
not tell the Senate? Why does any Senator
here, when the body has acted upon a propo-
sition, feel authorized at this hour in themorn-
iug and at this late day in the session to trifle
with the Senate by calling for the yeas and
nays and dividing the Senate without knowing
anything at all npon the subject? That is the
guestion. If he does know, why not speak of
it; and if he does not know, why does he not
acquiesce in the judgment of the Senate?
Mr. President, there is no more doubt about
the justice of the proposition than that two
and two are four. There is no more doubt of
the obligation of this Government to pay it
than there is that it is the duty of this Govern-
ment to pay the expenses of the Senate.
I have no disposition to prolong this debate.
We ought to bring this bill to a clo-se. The Sen-
ate ought not to adjourn to-night in my judg-
ment until this bill is brought to a close. If we
can adjourn this Congress on the 4th of March
without an extra session before us, we must
finish all thp appropriation bills in my judg-
ment before Monday morning, so that they
may all go to conference on that day. We
have this bill before us, we have the river and
harbor bill all ready, which will come on to-
morrow, and then there is the deficiency bill,
which has not even been acted upoD in the
