1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
1975
House yet, and has not been reported there,
or if it has, has not been passed.
Mr. SCHURZ. They adjourned on the legis-
lative bill.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. They adjourned,
I am informed by the Senator from Missouri,
on the legislative and judicial bill. I hope it
will be the judgment of the Senate that we
shall sit here and finish this bill.
Mr. HITCHCOCK. I hardly think, Mr.
President, that I am called upon at this hour
in the night to take up the time of the Senate
or the fragments of the Senate that is left
here to reply to the very extraordinary re-
marks of the honorable Senator from Maine.
I believe there is no Senator here who will not
bear me witness that I have not been in the
habit of trifling with the time of this Senate
for my own purposes or for any other purpose
since the day when two years ago I took my
seat iii this body. I have tried quietly to at-
tend to my own business and to perform in
my humble way my duty as my judgment and
my conscience taught me to do. 1 have not
occupied the time of the Senate.
But, sir, as a member of the Senate, I have
some rights. I have the right to ask for the
yeas and nays of the Senate, and to put my-
self upon the record before the country, and
to ask other Senators to go upon the record
before the country upon an appropriation of
this kind. As I happen to be upon the Dis-
trict Committee, whose duty the honorable
Senator says it was to examine this question,
in the very short time I have had to exam-
ine it, I have not been able to satisfy my-
self that it was the duty of this Congress to
vote $4,000,000 of money to this District at
this short session ; and feeling in that way,
I have simply and quietly asked that the
Senate would give us the yeas and nays upon
this vote ; that is all. If that is trifling, then
I am willing to be written down a trifler.
Mr. HAMLIN. Mr. President, I want to
state in a very few words the general reasons
which will control the vote I shall give on this
matter. In the first place, this is the capital
of the nation ; it belongs to us; it does not
belong to the good people of the District of
Columbia. We desire to adorn it; we desire
to beautify it so that the stranger who comes
from foreign lands to our midst will carry away
with him something of an impression of our
people and our institutions when he looks upon
our capital; and there is no man who holds
an American heart in his bosom but feels a
just pride in his national capital.
Now, sir, it is duly of the United States to
take care of this District, because it belongs
to them. Within the past year—I am not
quite able to state the precise amount that has
been expended, but the people of the District
of Columbia have expended of their money,
I think, more than six million dollars. The
taxable property in this District bears the pro-
portion, Government to individual, of six to
seven; in other words, I believe the Govern-
ment property is valued at sixty millions and
all other property at seventy millions. You
would not go into a calculation of how much
you would assess your Government, but it is a
fair rule which we may take into the^ account
by which we shall determine what is a just
appropriation for us to make to this District.
Again, the Senator from Ohio who has offered
his playful amendment to abolish Ohio avenue,
knows well, it was long within his knowledge,
as it was within mine, when we were members
trgether in the other House, that the Govern-
ment has reserved to itself the jurisdiction over
the avenues, and has not allowed the District to
exercise any control over them. They were
r yarded as national avenues. They embrace
" larce proportion of the area occupied by the
p r-PU here. Taking the veiy object for which,
in a degiee, these avenues were laid out, taking
the value of property which we have here, and
limiting your appropriation upon those two
simple rules, you will vote this amendment and
you will vote the amendment submitted by my
friend from South Carolina. I will, because I
believe it eminently just and wise.
Then, sir, you will have appropriated but a
small proportion of that per cent, of the taxa-
tion which we should bear from the worth of
property owned by the two several parties;
but I should base it upon no such rule. I
would place it upon a higher and broader
principle, that our national character, that
which every individual should desire, to make
this capital what every American most desires,
a credit to us as a people, requires us to put
it in that condition which will enable the
foreigner who treads these streets to go back
to his own home with a better opinion of us,
our institutions, and our civilization by the
very condition in which our capital is found.
These, sir, are the reasons that will control
my vote. I find no fault with the gentleman
from Nebraska for making his motion, but let
me tell him that when he shall have been here
longer he will modify his opinions,, so true as
there is a God above us.
Mr. HILL. Mr. President, I merely wish
to remark that there is no sentiment that I
consider more the duty of the legislators of
this country to impress upon the popular mind
than regard for this capital iu every respect,
not only the building in which legislation is
held but its surroundings. I have always
thought it the duty of the national Legislature
to provide a city that should be worthy of the
national capital, and that should be the ad-
miration of the citizen who should happen to
come to it. It is of very small moment to the
citizen of Washington, so far as mere interest is
concerned, whether the various avenues of
this city are ever improved at all. * But look-
ing at the design of the city, it was a very
grand design and it would be a burning shame
to the nation had these great avenues remained
wholly neglected and unimproved as they
were, say, fifteen years ago.
The city has been taxed severely lor the
small improvements that have been made cm
them heretofore. That ought to cease. _ The
Government is able and ought to be willing to
make liberal appropriations tor the ornamenta-
tion of these avenues. They ought to compare
favorably with those of the most favored cities
of Europe, to rival in beauty even those of
Paris itself; and I undertake to say that it is
a mistake on the part of a representative of the
American people, whoever he may be, when
he withholds liberal appropriations for this
purpose.
Surely there is a proper limit somewhere to
expenditure for this or for any other use ; but
to attempt a rigid parsimonious economy is out
of taste, and is not such a measure as to com-
mend itself to the American people.
I do not think from what I can observe
that there has been any prodigality in the im-
provements made upon these avenues. When
you come to reflect upon the grading of the
city, it is absolutely necessary that the system
of grading embrace the whole area, because
the streets intersect the avenues and you can-
not grade the streets and leave the avenues
neglected and not raised or depressed to the
nroner grade that the streets may have.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator's time has expired.
Mr. STEWART. I want to occupy only one
minute. I think that it is shameful for the
Government of the United States having these
avenues twice the width of the other streets
not to put it in the power of the people of this
District to improve them. 1 think it is shame-
ful if the Government will not bear its part.
This is simply asking justice. The Govern-
ment should bear its part in making this a
decent city to live in, and I think the amend-
ment already adopted and the amendment
offered by the Senator from South Carolina are
doing simple justice. I will not elaborate.
Mr. STEVENSON. I ask the Senator from
Nevada how much he supposes there has been
appropriated for the District in the last two
years by Congress. Does he know?
Mr. STEWART. I do not.
Mr. COLE. I believe the question has
been decided; I do not think there is any
question before us.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The yeas
and nays have been ordered on the amend-
ment before the Senate,
Mr. COLE. I thought the amendment had
been voted on.
Mr. SPENCER. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and (at one
o'clock and twenty minutes a. m. of Saturday,
March 1) the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, March 1, 1873.
The House met at eleven o'clock a. m.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Botx.br,
D. P.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
george k. wilson.
Mr. ARCHER, from the Committee on
Naval Affairs, by unanimous consent, reported
back a bill (S. No. 1108) for the relief of
George R. Wilson, with the recommendation
that it do pass, with a substitute.
The bill, which was read, provides in the
first section that the claim of George R. Wil-
son for compensation for the use of his im-
provements in the construction of iron or
metallic broadside gun-carriages in the naval
service, by virtue of letters-patent dated Feb-
ruary 9, 1869, and numbered 86720, be referred
to the Court of Claims, which court is vested
with jurisdiction, and whose duty it shall be
to hear and determine, first, whether Wilson
was the original inventor of the whole or kny
part thereof; and, secondly, what amount of
compensation, if any, he is equitably entitled
to receive on the whole or any part of the
invention, and the use of the same by the
Government, to the date of the adjudication.
In determining the amount of compensation
the court shall, with the evidence in the case,
consider what assistance and advice, if any,
he received from naval officers and other em-
ployes of the Government, and the fact that
the material and labor employed were at the
cost of the Government; also, while Wilson
was engaged in perfecting the invention for
which letters-patent were issued to him, he
was iii the employment of the Government as
a master machinist, and that all tests, trials,
and experiments of the invention were at the
cost of the Government.
The second section provides that the pay-
ment of any award made to Wilson by the
Court of Claims for the invention shall vest
the full and absolute right to the patent in the
Government of the United States.
The substitute was read, as follows:
Strike out all after the enacting olause, and insert
as follows: _ ,
That there shall be paid to George R. Wilson, out
of arty money in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated, thesum of$20.00G, as paymentm full for his
patent in the construction of metallic broadside gun-
earriages in the naval service; this sum to be in mil
for past and future use of said patent by the (xor-
erament of the United States.
The substitute was agreed to.
The bill as amended was ordered to a third
reading; and it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. ARCHER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on thej
table. t
The latter motion was agreed to.
REMOVAL OF POLITICAL DISABILITIES.
The SPEAKER. A House bill removing
the political disabilities of Daniel C.. DeJar-
nette, of Virginia, with a Senate amendment
adding the name of J. M, S. McCurry, is ou
