1016
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 31,
taining the fire department in the District of
Columbia;
-A bill (H. It. No. 3467) granting a pension
to Aidy A. Autry ; and
A bill (H. R. No. 3442) granting a pension
to Charles B. Fairchild.
CIENGUILLA LAND CLAIM.
Mr. BURDETT, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee on Indian Affairs, reported back
the letter from the Secretary of the Interior,
relative to the private land claim No- 62,
known as the town of Cienguilla, in the name
of-Jos§ Sanchez, and others; andmoved that the
Committee on Indian Affairs be discharged
from the farther consideration of the same,
and that it be referred to the Committee on
Private Land Claims.
The motion was agreed to.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. RANDALL. Has the morning hour
expired?
The SPEAKER. It has.
Mr. COBURN. I rise to a question of
privilege. I move that the House resolve
itself into Committee of the Whole on the
Private Calendar.
JtfcPORT OF LIGHT-II0U3E BOARD.
Mr. PENDLETON, from the Committee on
Printing, reported the following resolution :
Resolved, (the Senate concurring,) That fifteen
hundred copies of the illustrated report of the
Light-House Board be printed, five hundred copies
of which shall be for the use of the Senate, and one
thousand copies for the use of the House.
Mr. KELLOGG. I ask the gentleman to
yield to me for a moment.
Mr. PENDLETON. Certainly.
Mr. KELLOGG. 1 have a letter from the
Light-House Board stating that they are en-
tirely out of this report, which is a small
pamphlet continually called for, and they want
additional copies. I move to add to the reso
lution "and one thousand copies for the use
of the Light-House Board."
Mr. PENDLETON. I will consent to a
modification of the resolution so as to make
the whole number of copies two thousand and
give five hundred copies for the use of the
Light-House Board.
Mr RANDALL. I would like to ask the
gentleman when this report will bo printed and
ready for distribution ?
Mr. PENDLE TON. Ithinkso. [Laughter.]
Mr. RANDALL. When'/
Mr. PENDLETON. 1 thought the gentle-
man asked me whether it would be ready by
July, when the franking privilege expires. I
think it will.
The resolution as modified was then agreed
to.
REPORT OF DARIBfMSXPaDITIOJJ.
Mr. PENDLETON also, from the same
committee, reported back, with amendments,
the following concurrent resolution of the
Senate:
llcfiolved, (the House of Representatives concur-
ring,) That there bo printed in quarto form seven
thousand additional of the report and accompany-
ing maps of the Darien surveying expedition, of
which two thousand copies slmlJ bo for the use of
the Senate, four thousand for the use of the House,
and one thousand for the use of the Secretary of the
Navy.
The amendments reported by the committee
were to strike out " seven thousand"' and in-
sert "four thousand;" to strike out "two
thousand" and insert''one thousand;" and
to strike out 11 four thousand" and insert,
tk two thousand ; " so that the resolution would
read :
Heso/ved, (the Hmise concurring,) That there bo
printed four thousand additional copies of the re-
port and accompanying maps of the Darien survey-
ing expedition, of which one thousand copies shall
be for the use of the Senate, two thousand copies for
theuscof the House, and one thousand copics for
the use of the Secretary of the Navy.
The amendments were agreed to, and the
resolution as amended was concurred in.
Mr. PENDLETON moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was concurred in ;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
EULOGIES ON HON. GARRETT DAVIS.
Mr. PRICE, from the Committee on Print-
ing, reported back, with the recommendation
that it be concurred in, the following concur-
rent resolution of the Senate:
Resolved by the Senate, (the House of Representa-
tives concurring,) That eight thousand copies of the
addresses delivered in the two Houses on the 18th
instant, on the occasion of the death of Hon.
Garret Davis, late a Senator from the State of Ken-
tucky, be printed and bound; three thousand copies
for the use of the Senate, and. five thousand copies
for the use of the House of Representatives.
The resolution was concurred in.
Mr. PRICE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was concurred in ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
UKPOllT OF SMITHSONIAN INSTITUTION.
Mr. PRICE also, from the same committee,
reported back the concurrent resolution of the
Senate providing for the printing of the report
of the Smithsonian Institution, with the rec-
ommendation that the House recede from its
amendments disagreed to by the Senate ; which
areas follows:
In line two strike out the word " twelve" and in-
sert " twenty." in line five strike out " twenty-five
hundred" and insert "five thousand," and in line
six strike out the word " five" and insert" tenso
that it will read:
Resolved by the Senate, (the House concurring,)
That twenty thousand five hundred additional
copies of the report of the Smithsonian Institution
be printed; live thousand of which shall be for the
use of the Senate, ten thousand for the use of the
House, and five thousand for the use of the Institu-
tion: Provided, Thatthe aggregatenumberofpages
of said report shall not exceed four hundred and
fifty, and that there shall be no illustrations except
those furnished by the Smithsonian Institution.
The motion to recede was agreed to.
Mr. RANDALL. I would like to ask the
gentleman whether these books will be finished
in time to be delivered to members of Congress
prior to July 1, 1873, for I am able to an-
nounce to the Hou&e now thatthe bill abolish-
ing the franking privilege has been signed by
the President and is the law of the land.
Mr. PJ1ICE. I can safely say that the re-
port of the Smithsonian Institution will be
ready before the 1st of July, 1873.
The resolution of the Senate was then con-
curred in.
Mr. PRICE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the House receded from its amend-
ments ; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
SPRINGFIELD BUKKCH-LOADING MUSKET.
Mr. DONNAN, from the Committee on
Military Affairs, reported back a letter of ihe
Secretary of War, relative to claims against
the Government on account of alleged use of
certain patented devices in the mechanism of
the Springfield breech loading rifled musket,
and moved that the committee be discharged
from its further consideration, and that the
same be referred to the Committee of Claims.
The motion was agreed to.
PRISON HBFOItM.
Mr. E. Ii. ROBERTS. The prison reform
congress, recently held at Baltimore, com-
posed of delegates from all the States and
Territories, appointed a committee, of which
I-Ion. Horatio Seymour is chairman, to submit
to Congress a memorial on the subject. J ask
that the memorial be printed at length in the
Globe, and referred 10 the Committee of Ways
and Means
The motion was agreed to.
The memorial is as follows:
This memorial uf the national prison reform con-
gress of Baltimore, to the Senate and House of
Representatives of the United States, respectfully
shows:
That a national congress on penitentiary and re-
formatory discipline was held in Cincinnati, in Octo-
ber, 1870, at which it was voted to form an organ-
ization to be known as the national prison associ-
ation of the United States of America, and also to
convene an international penitentiary congress in
London.
The association was constituted in April, 1871, nnd
the congress of London was held in July, 1872. The
Government of the United States, by a joint reso-
lation of the two Houses of Congress, passed March
7,1871, placed itself at the bead of this movement,
and the other Governments of the civilized world,
both European and American, promptly gave their
adhesion. The congress proved a groat success, the
credit of which was freely awarded by the other Gov-
ernments to the initiative ot the United States. The
number of delegates present was about four hun-
dred—more than twenty distinct Governments being
officially represented. An immense impulse has thus
been given to the cause ot prison reform through-
out theworld; an iinpulse which has aheady made
itself felt in all parts of the United States. The
proof of this newly awakened interest, and the con-
sequent determination to push the work of solid
reforms in that great interest of society which is
embraced in prison discipline, is found in the con-
vention now assembled in Baltimore. This body is
convened at the call of the national prison associ-
ation—an association which represents the interest
of prison reform for the whole country. The single
aim of the association is the prevention and repres-
sion of crime, which it seeks through the amend-
ment of the criminal law, tbe improvement of the
penal and reformatory institutions of the country,
the study and application ot the best means ot sav-
ing liberated prisoners from a return to crime, and,
above all else, the discovery and jise of agencies of
a preventive character, so as to save the ypung from
a first fail.
As incidental to its main work, the association
desires to collect the broadest, most complete, and
most trustworthy statistics attainable relative to the
administration of criminal justice and the State
prisons, houses of correction, common jails, and
juvenile reformatories in every State and Territory
of the Union. The association regards this depart-
ment of its work as essential to the best success of
all the others, and therefore of paramount import-
ance; an opinion fully shared by the congress of
Baltimore. The laws of criminal phenomena can be
ascertained only by the accumulation and analysis
of facts. ^ Returns of such facts, carefully gathered
from a wide field of observation, are indispensable
to enable us to judge of the effect of any law or any
system of administration which may have been put
in operation. What we want to know is the facts;
but a knowledge of the facts relating to so complex
a subject as that of crime and criminal administra-
tion implies a mass ot figures, collected from all
quarters, and arranged and tabulated with reference
to some definite object. It is such returns alone that
yield inferences ot practical value. We want to get
an average, but in order to do this we must have a
wide scope both in the range and the character of
the returns. Onlyon this condition shall we bo able
to feel that our inferences rest, not upon mere inci-
dents ofthe phenomena,which may beparfial, casual,
and immaterial, but on the phenomena themselves,
apart from variations which are only temporary or
adventitious.
If, therefore, wo would test the average results of
a system of prison discipline, we must collect our
facts from all quarters. Returns from one or two
localities will be without value; they may even
prove deceptive and misleading- If we would know
what a prison system can accomplish 011 the aver-
age, we must know what it is effecting in the manu-
facturing towns and in the rural villages; what in
the seaports and in the mountains and valleys of the
interior; what in the coal beds and the gold mines.
The essential, inwrought power of a system of prison
discipline then comes out and makes itself manifebl,
when it is seen in conflict with the special obstacles
it haa to encounter in the commercial, manufactur-
ing, agricultural,and mining populations of acoun-
try. The result of its struggle with all opposing
difficulties is the result which alone is of any worth
to us. And this can be known only as the facts are
gathered from all of these fields, and are collated,
digested, and reduced to tabulated forms upon some
uniform system, or at least in a way that will admit
of practical comparison.
There is a special fact which this convention de-
sires to bring to the notice of Congress. It is that
the congress ot London, which, but tor the action of
ihe united States Government, would not have been
held, or if held, would hare been a, body of far less
dignity and weight than it actually proved to be,
appointed a permanent international commission,
whose chief function was expressly deolared to bo
to organize and carry into effect a complete system
ol international, criminal, and penitentiary statis-
ties, based on common principle?, and so ariangeil
as to be a trustworthy measure and index of crime,
criminal administration, and prison discipline 111 all
Civilized countries. It was well understood, and the
lact was freely expressed, that so vast a design and
one as beneficont and important as it is vast, can bo
accomplished only through the generous coopera-
tion ol the Governments ol the wholecivilized world
which it was believed would be promptly accorded'.
The national prison association proposes to give
special attention to this branch of its work, but it is
obvious that to do it well and fully will involve great
labor and a considerable expenditure of money
Will Congress kindly cooperate in this work ? It is
