1976
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
the Speaker's table, and if there be no objec-
tion the amendment of the Senate will be taken
into consideration.
There was no objection, and the bill (H. R.
No. 3730) to remove the political disabilities
of Daniel C. DeJarnette, of Virginia, with
amendments by the Senate, was taken from
the Speaker's table.
The amendments of the Senate were read, as
follows:
'polit-
. In line two, after the word "all," insert
,, 1° " Daniel 0. Do J arnette," insert
and J. M. S. McCurry."
The amendments of the Senate were con-
curred in.
The SPEAKER. There is also on the
speaker's table a bill (8. No. 1539) to remove
the political disabilities of James D. Halybur-
ton, of Virginia, and Thomas G. Williams, of
San Antonio, in the State of Texas. If there
be no objection, it will be laid before the
.House for consideration.
There was no objection, and the bill fS.
No. 1639) to relieve the political disibilities
of James D. Halyburton, of Virginia, and
lhomas J. Williams, of San Antonio, of the
State of Texas, was taken from the Speaker's
table, read three times, and passed ; two thirds
voting therefor.
statistics of agriculture.
The SPEAKER. The Chair lays before
the House the following Senate concurrent
resolution for printing, which, if it is to be
acted upon this session, must now be referred
to the Committee on Printing.
The Clerk read as follows:
Resolved by the Senate, (the House of Represont-
 <'ves concurring,) lhat there be printed for the use
ol the. Commissioner of Agriculture twenty-fivo
hundred additional copies of so much of the ninth
oensus as relates to the statistics of agriculture.
The resolution was referred to the Commit-
tee on Printing.
EDUCATION REPORT.
The SPEAKER. The* Chair also lays be-
fore the committee the following Senate con-
current resolution:
The Clerk read as follows :
Resolved bv tie Senate, (the House of Represent-
atives concurring,) That thero bo printed twenty
tneusand copies of the report of the Commissioner
ot Education, including the accompanying illustra-
tions of the relations ot intelligence to wealth : ton
thousand copies to bo for the use ol the House, five
thousand copies for the uso of the Senate, and five
thousand copies tor the uso of the Bureau of Edu-
cation.
The concurrent resolution was referred to
the Committee on Printing.
order of business.
Mr. COGHLAN. I ask unanimous consent
to have put upon its passage a bill which has
been reported favorably by the Committee on
Indian Affairs in relation to certain differences
between settlers and Indians.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. I object and
call lor the regular order.
Mr. SARGENT. I rise to a question of
°™er. My colleague [Mr. Cogulan] is on
the floor to move a suspension of the rules.
The SPEAKER. The House is now acting
under the operation of the previous question
011 the legislative, executive, and judicial an
propriation bill, which cuts off any motion tor
a suspension of the rules.
si xte13ntii and seventeenth joint bulks.
Mr. GARFIELD of Ohio. I offer the fol-
lowing concurring resolution:
Rcho Ived by the Housc of Representatives, (the Senate
?o£CtU™iP?',nfihat/hetjs'xtoeiltl1 and seventeenth
t?  ■ ■ j <-° fwo Houses be suspended during
the remainder of the session.
Mr. RANDALL. What will be the effect
of that?
'^e gentleman from Ohio
u "r,i iRiFIKLD-' w'" P'ease send the rules to
the Clerk s desk to be read. The Chair will
state that he lias never been able to find out
fvhy the joint rules have been passed except
for the purpose of having them repealed at the
end of each session. They will be read by the
Clerk.
The Clerk read as follows:
16. No bill that shall have passed one House shall
pe sent tor ooncurrenoo to the other on either of the
three last days of the session.
ti *"'1 or resolution that shall have passed
the House of Representatives and the Senate shall
na it. n J   * . v* d. _ XT «. % r*.
v „ ~"opicsouu uves ana tue oeuato snau
be presented to the President of the United States
lor his approbation on the last day of the session.
The SPEAKER. These rules are always
suspended at the close of each session.
The resolution of Mr. Garfield, of Ohio,
was agreed to ; and the rules suspended.
legislative, etc , appropriation bill.
Mr. COX. I rise to a privileged questiou.
The SPEAKER. The privileged question
on which the gentleman rises will be in order
after the House has disposed of the amend-
ments to the legislative, executive, and judicial
appropriation bill.
The regular order having been called, the
House resumes the consideration of the re-
port of the Committee of the Whole on the
amendments of the Senate to the bill (H.
R. No. 2991) making appropriations lor the
legislative, executive, and judicial expenses
of the Government for the year ending June
30, 1874, and for other purposes, on which
the previous question is now operating. The
Chair will state the parliamentary position
of the bill. Last evening the Committee of
the Whole reported back to the House the
Senate amendments to the bill, with sundry
amendments, and the previous question was
ordered. The question having been put on
the first amendment of the Senate, with the
amendment reported by the Committee of
the Whole, it was negatived by the House.
The gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. But-
ler] moved to reconsider that vote, and the
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Farnsworth]
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table, and on that the yeas and nays
were ordered.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I ask the
permission of the House to say one or two
words.
I desire simply to say, Mr. Speaker, that
the bill is m such a condition that the salary
now stands at $7,500. There are gentlemen
here who think that there ought to be some
increase in order to meet what is cut off by
the bill, and to meet the reduction of mileage
which will be cut off by a vote of the House,
and a vote of the Senate probably as soon as
it is reached. We are in such a position that
unless we pass it in this form we cannot get
any action. If we pass it we can have the
judgment of the Senate upon it. If they are
against it there is an end of the matter; and
then it will go to a committee of conference,
ana they can agree and put the provision in
such form as they think right. Then it will
come back to the House, and a majority of the
House will have control of the subject as they
have now. Otherwise it is a simple vote to
put this case out of the jurisdiction of the
House and the Senate. That is why I moved
to reconsider, in order that we may bring the
minds of the two bodies to operate on the
same proposition. I do not care whether the
amount be fixed at $7,500 or $6,500 or $8,000,
as some gentlemen have indicated ; but 1 think
there ought to be some increase to meet what
is an actual reduction in our pay.
Mr. SARGENT. I suggest to the gentleman
that he make it $0,500 and cut off all mileage
and allowances.
Mr. BINGHAM. That is what the bill doos
now.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I will
agree to an amendment which shall provide
that this shall be the salary with actual ex-
penses of travel.
Mr. SARGENT. I do not want actual
expenses at all.
Mr. TOWNSEND, of New York. Allow
me one moment 
Mr. HALE. I must object to any further
debate.
Mr. TOWNSEND, of New York. Will
there be sufficient time before the close of this
Congress for a vote to be taken?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Oh, yes.
Mr. HALE. I must object to further de-
bate.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I pro-
pose to fix the salary at $6,600.
The SPEAKER. In what way?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. By unan-
imous consent or by a suspension of the rules.
Mr. BE ATT Y. I object.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that the
rules cannot be suspended, nor is there unan-
imous consent.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Then I
move to reconsider the vote by which the
main question was ordered.
Mr. N1BLACK, of Indiana. That motion
cannot be made inasmuch as the previous
question has been partially executed.
Mr. HALE. That would open up the whole
bill and launch us on an endless sea of debate.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I call
the previous question on my motion.
Mr. PERCE, I demand the regular order.
The SPEAKER. The pending question is
upon the motion to lay upon the table the
motion to reconsider the vote by which the
amendment, reported from the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, to the
first amendment of the Senate was rejected.
Should that be negatived and the motion to
reconsider prevail, the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Randall] intimates that he will
move to reconsider the vote by which the
main question was ordered. The gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. Niblack] makes the
point of order that this cannotbe done. Why ?
Because the previous question has been partly
executed. This is the first of the amendments
of the Senate, and if the House should recon-
sider the vote by which the amendment was
rejected, the previous question would not have
been executed at all.
Mr. HALE. And if the vote should be re-
considered, would it not leave the bill open to
debate and amendment?
1 he SPEAKER. It would leave the bill
open to amendment, to any Senate amend-
ments.
Mr. PERCE. I understood that last night
the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. But-
ler] moved the reconsideration; and pending
that motion moved that the House adjourn,
which motion prevailed. I did not understand
that a motion to lay the motion to reconsider on
the table had been made.
1 he SPEAKER. That motion could be made
now; it makes no difference, but it was made
last night.
Mr. POTTER. I rise to a parliamentary
inquiry: if we should reconsider the vote
rejecting this amendment, and it should be
referred to a committee of conference, would
it be competent for the commitee of confer-
ence to report in favor of raising the salaries
of the .President and Secretaries, and leaving
the salaries of members of Congress as thev
now are? J
^n.1" ?]?JkERi of Massachusetts. Oh, yes 1
The SPEAKER. That, of course, would be
competent.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I desire to say that
thing Very WeU the °b,ieCt °f this
Th' k debate in order?
sent • Only by unanimous con-
debate 1 object to any further
iK ^i? The Chair desires to say
that he was in error in stating that the yeas
and nays had been ordered upon the motion
ot the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Parks-
worth] to lay on the table the motion of the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] to
