1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1977
reconsider the vote by which the House refused
to agree to the amendment made in Com mi*.-
tee of the Whole to the joint amendment of
the Senate to the legislative, executive, and
judicial appropriation bill.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I will call them
now.
Mr. BURCHARD. Let us have a vote by
division first.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Very well, I will
waive the call for the yeas and nays for the
present.
Mr. AMBLER. We may as well have them
ordered first as last.
The yeas and nays were ordered, upon a
division—ayes 27, noes 103: one fifth voting
in the affirmative.
The question was taken; and there were—
yeas 66, nays 105, not voting 69 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Acker, Ambler, Archer, Arthur,
Barber, Barnum, Beatty, Bell. Austin Blair, Boles,
Buffinton, Burchard, Coburn, Conger, Cotton, Cox,
Dawes, Dotman, Eames, Esty, Farnsworth, Finkeln-
burg,Charles Foster, Wilder D.Foster, Frye, Garfield,
Goodrich, Hale, John B. Hawley, Joseph R. Haw-
ley, Hays, Gerry W. Hazelton, liibbard, Holman,
Kellogg, Killinger, Lynch, Maclntyre, McCrary,
McGrew, Merriam, Merrick, Mitchell, Monroe, Wil-
liam E. Niblack, Pendleton, Read, Edward Y. Rice,
Ellis H.Roberts, Roosevelt, Rusk, Sawyer, Scofield,
Shoemaker, John A. Smith, Starkweather, Steven-
sou, Swaun, Terry, Upson, Walden, Waldron, Wells,
Wheeler, Wiilard, and John T. Wilson—66.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Averill, Banks, Bigby,
Bingham, Bird, James G. Blair, Boarman, Braxton,
Buckley, Bunnell, Burdett, Benjamin F. Butler,
Roderick R. Butler, Campbell, Cobb, Coghlan,
Comingo, Critcher, Crocker, Darrall, Dodds, DuBose,
Duel!, Duke, Dunnell, Eldredge, Elliott, Henry D.
Foster, Getz, Giddings, Gollaclay, Griffith, Hancock,
Harmer, Harper, George E. Harris, John T. Harris,
Hays, John W. Hazelton, Herndon, Houghton, Ken-
dall, King, Lamisoo, Lamport, Lansing, Leach, May-
nard, McClelland, McJunkin, McKee, McKinney.
Benjamin F. Meyers, Morey, Morphis, Leonard
Myers, Negley, Silas L. Niblack, Packard, Packer,
Peck. Perce, Perry, Piatt, Potter, Price, Prindle,
Rainey, Randall, John M. Rice, Robinson, John
Rogers, Sion H. Rogers, Sargent, Sessions, Shanks,
Sheldon, Shellabarger, Sherwood, Sloss, H. Board-
man Smith, Worthington C. Smith, Snapp, Snyder,
Speer, Stevens, Storm, Stoughton, Stowell, Suther-
land, Sypher, Thomas, Dwight Townsend, Washing-
ton Townsend, Turner, Tuthill, Twichell, Vaughan,
Waddell, Whiteley, Williams of Indiana, Williams
of New York, Jeremiah M. Wilson, and Winches-
ter—105,
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Barry, Erasmus
W. Beck, James B. Beck, Biggs, Bright, Brooks,
Caldwell, Carroll. Clarke. Conner, Crebs, Creely,
Crossl and, Davis, Dickey, Dox, Ely, Farwell, Forker,
Garrett, Haldeman, Halsey, Hambleton, Handley,
Hanks, Havens, Hereford, Hill, Hoar, Hooper, Kel-
ley, Kerr,Ketcham, Kinsella, Lewi?, Lowe, Mansan,
Marshall, McCormick, McHenry, McNeely, Moore,
Morgan, Orr, Palmer, Hosea W. Parker. Isaac C.
Parker, Peters, Poland, Porter, Ritchie, William R.
Roberts, Seeley, Shober, Slater, Slocum, Sprague,
St. John, Taffe, Tyner, Van Trump, Voorhees,
Wakeman, Wallace, Warren, Whitthorne, Wood,
and Young—69.
So the motion to* reconsider was not laid on
the table.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. BRIGHT said: On this question I am
paired with Mr. Clarke, of New York. If
he were present he would vote " no" on this
question, and I would vote "ay."
Mr. DAVIS. I desire to state that Mr.
Hereford, my colleague, is detained from his
seat to-day on account of sickness in his
family.
The question recurred upon the motion to
reconsider.
Mr. HIBBARD. On that question I call
for the yeas and nays.
The question was taken on ordering the
yeas and nays; and there were twenty-four in
the affirmative.
Before the noes were counted,
The SPEAKER said: The Chair will ap-
point Mr. Hibbard and Mr. Randall tellers
to take the vote on ordering the yeas and nays.
The House divided; and the tellers reported
that there were—ayes twenty-eight, noes not
counted.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken; and^there
were—yeas 104, nays 79, not voting 5 i ; as
follows:
YEAS —Messrs. Ames, Averill, "Banks. Bigby,
Bingham, James G. Blair, Boarman, Buckley, Bun-
nell, Burdett, Benjamin F. Butler, Roderick R.
Butler, Cobb, Cogblan, Comingo, Conner, Critcher,
Darrall, Dickey, Dodds, DuBose, Duell, Duke,
Dunnell, Eldredge, Elliott, Henry D. Foster,'Garrett,
Getz, Giddings, Golladay, Griffith, Hancock, Har-
mer, Harper, George E. Harris, Hays. John W.
Hazelton, Herndon, Houghton, Kendall, King,
Lamison, Lamport, Lansing, Leach, Maynard, Mc-
Henry, MoJunkin, McKee, McKinney, Benjamin
F. Meyers, Mitchell, Morey, Morphis, Leonard
Myers, Negley, Silas L. Niblack, Packard, Packer,
Peek, Perce, Perry, Piatt, Potter, Price, Prindle,
Rainey, Randall, John M. Rice, Robinson, John
Rogers, Sion H. Rogers, Shanks, Sheldon, Shella-
barger, Sherwood, Sloss, H. Boardman Smith,
Worthington C. Smith, Snapp, Snyder, Stevens,
Storm, Stoughton, Stowell, St. John, Sutherland,
Sypher, Thomas, Dwight Townsend, Washington
Townsend, Turner, Tuthill, Twichell. Vaughan,
Voorhees Waddell, Warren, Whiteley, Williams of
Indiana, Williams of New York, Winchester, and
Wood—104.
NAYS—Messrs. Acker, Ambler, Archer, Arthur,
Barber, Barnum, Beatty, Erasmus W. Beck, Bell,
Bird, Austin Blair, Boles, Braxton, Buffinton, Bur-
chard, Campbell, Clarke, Conger, Cotton, Cox,
Crebs, Crocker, Davis, Dawes, Donnan, Eames, Esty,
Farnsworth, Finkelnburg, Charles Foster, Wilder
D. Foster, Frye, Garfield, Goodrich, Hale, John T.
Harris, John B. Hawley, Joseph R. Hawley, Hay,
Gerry W. Hazelton, Hibbard, Hoar, Holman, Kel-
logg, Kerr, Killinger, Lowe, Lynch, Maclntyre,
Marshall, McClelland, McCrary, McGrew, Merriam,
Merrick, Monroe, William E. Niblack, Pendleton,
Read, Edward Y. Rice, Ellis H. Roberts, Rusk,
Sawyer, Scofield, Sessions, Shoemaker, John A.
Smith, Speer, Starkweather, Stevenson, Swann,
Terry, Upson. Walden, Waldron, Wells. Wheeler,
Wiilard, and John T. Wilson—79.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Barry, James B.
Beck, Biggs, Bright, Brooks, Caldwell, Carroll,
Coburn, Creely, Crossland, Dox, Ely, Farwell, For-
ker, Haldeman, Halsey, Hambleton, Handley,
Hanks, Havens, Hereford. Hill, Hooper, Kelley,
Ket.cham, Kinsella, Lewis, Manson, McCormick,
McNeely, Moore, Morgan, Orr, Palmer, Hosea W.
Parker, Isaac O. Parker, Peters, Poland, Porter,
Ritchie, William R. Roberts, Roosevelt, Sargent,
Seeley. Shober. Slater. Slocum, Sprague, Taffe,
Tyner, Van Trump, Wakeman, Wallace, Whit-
thorne, Jeremiah M. Wilson, and Young—57.
So the motion to reconsider was agreed to.
The question then recurred on ordering the
main question upon concurring in the Senate
amendment as amended by the Committee of
the Whole.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachussetts. I move
to reconsider the vote by which the main ques
tion was ordered.
Mr. FARNSWOTRH. I call for the yeas
and nays on that motion.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. That is
simply a waste of time.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. And this is a waste
of money.
On ordering the yeas and nays there were—
ayes fifteen, noes not counted.
Mr. HOLMAN. I call for tellers on order-
ing the yeas and nays.
Tellers not ordered, there being—ayes four-
teen, noes not counted.
The question being taken on reconsidering
the vote by which the main question was or-
dered, it was agreed to.
The question then recurred on concurring
in the Senate amendment as amended by the
Committee of the Whole.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts.^ I now
yield to the gentleman from California, [Mr.
sargent j
Mr. SARGENT. I offer the following
amendment to the amendment, and demand
the previous question :
Strike out after " Senators, Representatives, and
Delegates in the Forty-Second Congress," the fol-
lowing:
Shall receive compensation at the rate of $7,500
per annum each, and in lieu of mileage there shall
be allowed to each Senator, Representative, and
Delegate, including those of the Forty-Second Con-
gress. his actual expenses fromhisplace of residence
to Washington city, at the commencement of each
session of Congress, arid return, to be certified in a
bill of items, to be filed {is a voucher.
And insert in lieu thereof the following:
Shall receive $0,500 per annum cach; and this shall
be m lieu of any other pay or any allowance for
mileage, newspapers, or stationery.
The previous question was seconded and
the main question ordered.
The question recurring on agreeing to the
amendment of Mr. Sargent,
Mr. FARNSWORTH called for the yeas
and nays.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will at onee
order tellers on the yeas and nays, and appoints
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Stevenson]
and the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Randall. ]
The House then divided j and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 23, noes 141.
So (less than one fifth voting in favor thereof)
the yeas and nays were not ordered.
The amendment of Mr. Sargent was then
agreed to.
The question recurred upon agreeing to the
amendment as reported from the Committee
of the Whole with the amendment adopted
on motion of Mr. Sargent.
Mr. UPSON called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 100, nays 97, not voting
43 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Averill,Banks, Bigby, Bing-
ham,Boarman, Buckley, Burdett. Benjamin F. But-
ler, Roderick R. Butler, Caldwell, Cobb, Coghlaji,
Comingo, Conner, Critcher, Crossland, Darrall,
Dickey, Dodds, DuBose, Duell, Duke, Dunnell, Eld-
redge, Elliott, Henry D. Foster, Garrett, Getz, Gid-
dings, Golladay, Griffith, Hancock, Hanks, Harmer,
Harper, George E. Harris, Hays, John W. Hazelton,
Herndon, Houghton, kendall. King. Lamison, Lam-
port, Lansing. Leach, Maynard, McHenry, McJun-
kin.McKee, McKinney, Benjamin F. Meyers,Morey,
Morphis, Leonard Myers, Negley, Silas L. Niblack,
Packard, Isaac C.Parker, Peck, Perce, Perry, Piatt,
Potter, Price, Prindle, Ramey, Randall, John M.
Rice, Robinson, John Rogers, Sion H. Rogers, Sar-
gent, Shanks, Sheldon, Sherwood, Sloss, Snapp, Sny-
der, Stevens, Storm, Stoughton, Stowell, St. John,
Sutherland, Sypher, Thomas, Dwight Townsend,
Turner, Tuthill, Twichell,Vaughan,Voorhees, Wad-
dell, Whiteley, Williams of Indiana, Williams of
New York, Winchester, and Wood—100.
NAYS—Messrs. Acker, Ambler, Archer, Arthur,
Barber, Barnum, Beatty, Erasmus W. Beck, Bell,
Bird, Austin Blair, Braxton, Buffinton, Bunnell,
Burchard, Campbell, Clarke, Conger, Cotton, Cox,
Crebs, Crocker, Davis, Dawes, Donnan, Dox, Eames,
Ely, Esty, Farnsworth, Finkelnburg, Charles Foster,
Wilder D. Foster, Frye, Garfield, Goodrich, Hale,
Halsey, John T. Harris, Havens, John B. Hawley,
Joseph R. Hawley, Hay, Gerry W. Hazelton, Hib-
bard, Hill, Hoar, Holman, Kellogg, Kerr ..Killinger,
Lowe, Lynch, Maclntyre, Marshall, McClelland,
McCormick, McCrary, McGrew, Merriam, Merrick,
Monroe, William E. Niblack. Orr, Packer, Palmer,
Pola.nd, Read, Edward Y. Rice. Ellis H. Roberts,
William R. Roberts, Roosevelt, Rusk, Sawyer, Sco-
field, Shellabarger, Shober, Shoemaker, H. Board-
man Smith, John A. Smith, Worthington C. Smith,
Speer, Starkweather, Stevenson, Swann, Terry,
Washington Townsend, Upson, Van Trump, Wake-
man, Walden, Waldron, Warren, Wells, Wheeler,
Wiilard. and John T. Wilson—97.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Barry, James B.
Beck, Biggs, James G. Blair, Boles, Bright, Brooks,
Carroll, Coburn, Creely,Farwell,Forker. Haldeman,
Hambleton, Handley, Hereford, Hooper, Kelley,
Ketcham,Kinsella, Lewis, Manson. McNeely,Mitch-
ell, Moore, Morgan, Hosea W. Parker, Pendieton,
Peters, Porter, Ritchie, Seeley, Sessions, Slater, Slo-
cum, Sprague, Taffe, Tyner, Wallace, Wrhitthorne,
Jeremiah M. Wilson, and Young~43.
So the House agreed to the amendment as
reported by the Committee on the Whole and
amended by the House.
During the vote,
Mr. WHITTHORNE stated that he was
paired with Mr. Barry, who would vote in the
affirmative, while he would vote in the negative.
Mr. SLATER stated that he was paired with
Mr. McNeely, who would vote in the affirma-
tive, while he would vote in the negative.
The vote was then announced as above re-
corded.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I move to re-
consider and lay that on the table.
The SPEAKER. It cannot be reconsidered,
having already been once reconsidered.
The Chair now desires to make a statement
personal to himself. In reading the bill the
Chair presumes the language of this amend-
ment would make the Speaker's salary $10,000
for this Congress. The salary of the Speaker
the last time the question of pay was under
consideration was adjusted to that of the Vice
President and members of the Cabinet. The
Chair thinks that adjustment should not be dis-
turbed, and the question which he now raised
does not affect the pay of other members of
the House. He asks unanimous consent to
put in the word' 'hereafter,'' to follow the words
1'shall receive." This will affect whoever
