1018
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 31,
day or two before on hia draft upon our Depart-
ment of State to complete the payments on
the uew consular building which was erected
under his supervision, and which sum he had
to make good out of his own money. The
Senate bill proposes that be shall be allowed
only the actual vaiue of the money so destroyed
by the fire. For this loss the Senate bill
allows him but $1,380, while the House bill
proposes to give him not exceeding $4,000 for
his several losses sustained by this fire. The
money is ODly to be paid after an audit of the
account by the Secretary of State ; and, as will
be observed, the Senate bill allows $2,620 less
than the House committee have reported.
Mr. Fisher rendered valuable services in
Japan during the years that he was consul at
ICanagawa. He had hoped, as I had, that
Congress would allow him for the loss of his
library, or so much of it as he necessarily had
there in the discharge of his functions as con-
sul. In his official capacity he had adjudi-
cated over two hundred cases under the law,
which, as I have said, imposed such duty upon
our consul in Japan. The British, French,
Prussian, Dutch, and Portuguese consuls were
fully indemnified by their respective Govern-
ments for their losses by this hre. 1 hope we
shall at least pay him the small amount I
have named.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. I withdraw my
objection to the substitution of the Senate bill.
Mr. L. MYERS. I supposed the gentleman
would do so upon hearing my statement.
Mr. MAYNARD. How is it proposed to
pay this money?
Mr. L. MYERS. It is proposed to pay it
out of the Treasury, not out of the Japanese
fund.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair understands
that the motion of the gentleman is to lay this
bill aside with a recommendation to the House
that, the Senate bill be substituted for it.
Mr.L. MYERS. That is my motion, and
when it comes before the House I shall ask to
place the Senate bill on passage in its stead.
The motion of Mr. L. Myers was agreed to.
EltASTUS S. JOSLYN.
The next bill on the Private Calendar was
the bill (H. R. No. 1490) for the relief of
ErastusS. Joslyn, of Washington Territory.
The bill, which was road, appropriates
$4,000 to pay Erastus S. Joslyn for the use
and occupancy of his farm in Washington
Territory, as an Indian reservation, from the
year 1856 to the year 1859, and for damage
and waste upon the land while so occupied;
and the Treasurer of the United States is
authorized and directed to draw his warrant
on the Treasury for the said sum of $4,000 for
the purpose aforesaid.
The amendment was then read, as follows:
, Strike out "what has been read/' and in lieu
thereof insert the following:
That the sum of &2,000, heroafter to be appropri-
ated, shall bo paid to Erastus S. Joslyn lor the use
and oceui.ancy of his farm in Washington countv,
as an Indian reservation, from the yoar 18,">(5 to the
year 1859, and for damage and waste on said land
while so occupied, which sum shall bo accepted by
said Joslyn in full satisfaction and discharge of the
United States on account of the uso aud occupation
ot said farm and damages to his said Jarrn.
Mr. KERR. Is that bill accompanied by
any report?
Mr. BURDETT. That is the bill agreed
on by the Committee on Indian Affairs. It
was before that committee and was reported
on the call of that committee, but on account
of its containing an appropriation it was re-
ferred to the Committee of the Whole House
on the Private Calendar. I now move that
the bill be laid aside, to be reported to the
House with the recommendation that it do
pass.
I he CHAIRMAN. The amendment will
have to be first voted on.
The amendment was agreed to; and the bill
as amended was laid aside to be reported to
the House with the recommendation that it do
pass.
nayal contractors.
The next business on the Private Calendar
was a bill (H. R. No. 1698) for the relief of
certain contractors for the construction of
vessels of war and steam machinery.
Mr. BLATR, of Michigan. I move that bill
be passed over for the present.
captain john davts.
The next business on the Private Calendar
was a bill (H. R. No. 3011) to authorize the
payment of half pay to Captain John Davis, a
revolutionary officer.
Mr. WILLARD. Inasmuch as this bill was
up the last time the House was in Committee
of the Whole House on the Private Calendar,
I think it had better be disposed of at this
time. I was opposed to it then and am still
opposed to it, and therefore make the motion
that the bill be laid aside to be reported to the
House with the recommendation that it do not
pass.
Mr. WALLACE. I hope that will not be
done until we have some argument upon the
bill, because it is just and ought to pass.
The bill, which was read, authorizes and
requires the Secretary of the Treasury to pay
to Charles J. Davis, administrator of Captain
John Davis, a revolutionary officer, deceased,
out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated, the sum of $24,816, being the
amount of his half pay from his muster out of
the service at the close of the war, 1783, to the
time of his death, August 1, 1827, with interest
thereon at the rate of six per cent, per annum
on the installments of pay so due up to the
time of his death.
Mr. MAYNARD. Is not an amendment
in order before the question is taken on the
motion to lay aside?
The CHAIRMAN. Certainly.
Mr. MAYNARD. Then I move to strike
out all that portion of the bill which gives in-
terest on the amounts withheld.
The CHAIRMAN. The Clerk will read
the words to be stricken out.
The Clerk read as follows :
Strike out the following: "with interest thereon
at the rate of six per cent, per annum on the install-
ments ol pay so due up to the time of his death."
Mr. MAYNARD. Mr. Chairman, I desire
to say this: we have had since I have been
connected with the House a case similar to
this, which in the opinion of the House at
that time was one of very great merit. I have
in my mind one case, which occurred before
the war, of a citizen of New Jersey, an old
citizen who lived in the time of the revolu-
tionary war, and who held certain receipts
signed, if my memory is correct, by General
Washington, certainly by one of the principal
revolutionary officers of the revolutionary
war. The holder of these receipts was said
to be a man in comfortable circumstances, not
absolutely in need of money. The Govern-
ment in those days was poor and necessitous.
Ha told his neighbors, for it was a matter of
notoriety lie held these papers, that he would
not press his claims upon the Government at
that, time, and he would not ask the Govern-
ment to pay'them until he or his family fell
into a condition of necessity. In time  he pre-
sented them to the House, and they paid the
principal, but on well-settled principles they
withheld the payment of interest. Nobody
makes a question as to paying the principal.
It seems to me this should be our action in
this case. We are in far better condition to
pay now than we would be then, and this
man's heirs ought to have this relief. The
purchasing power of money is much less now
than it was then. And it seems to me that
for any reasons such as those suggested by
gentlemen here to repel these parties is to
deal with the old patriots of that time in a
rather hard, unkind, not to say mercenary
spirit. I trust the family of this old officer
will be paid the money which he, from patri-
otic considerations, forebore to take himself.
Mr. DAWES. I should like to hear the bill
read.
The bill was again read.
Mr. WILLARD. I do not understand that
this bill pays any old revolutionary soldier. 1
do not understand that it pays anybody who
has rendered the country any service. It is a
bill to pay the heirs of a person who served
in the Revolution the half pay to which that
person was entitled in his lifetime, but which
he did not call on the Treasury to pay. That
half-pay, as I had occasion to say to the
committee last week, is in the nature of a
pension, and it is nothing else than a pen-
sion. It was a provision of law hy which
officers had half pay during their lives. This
Captain Davis in his lifetime was entitled to
half_ pay ; he had abundant opportunities for
receiving it, but made no application for it.
As has been stated, he did not take it because
he was in circumstances in which he had no
need of it, and it did not become a part of
the assets of his estate in any sense of the
word.
There is no legal or valid claim on the Gov-
ernment whatever in respect to this matter,
and if such a claim as this is to be allowed, a
claim many years old, it seems to me that we
ought to allow also arrears of pension growing
out of the late war, which we are refusing to
allow every day. Therefore I have made the
motion, for the purpose of bringing the matter
before the House and having it disposed of.
Mr. MAYNARD. I desire to modify my
amendment. I understand that the sum that
is named in the bill is the amount of half pay
withheld, and the interest included. 1 will
therefore change my amendment so as to strike
out the words "the sum of $24,816 being;"
so that it will read "out of any money in
the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, the
amount of his half pay," &e.
Mr. TOWNSEND, of Pennsylvania. Mr.
Speaker, there has not been presented to this
House for a long time a claim more merito-
rious than this. Captain John Davis was a
soldier of the revolutionary war. He enlisted
in 1776, and in 1780 he was commissioned a
captain in the Pennsylvania line, with his com-
mission to date backfrom November 15, 1776.
In the latter part of the revolutionary war it
was exceedingly difficult to keep officers and
men together, and in order to retain the offi-
cers in the service during the perils and priva-
tions of that trying time, the Congress of the
United States passed a resolution that all offi-
cers who continued in the service during the
war should be entitled to half pay during their
lives. Captain Davis was in many battles of the
Revolution. He was present and participated
in the battles at Brandywine, at Paoli, at Ger-
mantown, at Monmouth, and Yorktown, and
at the storming of Stony Point. He was also
with General Wayne, in South Carolina and
Georgia, during his operations in those States.
It will be seen that he was in many of the
most dangerous and difficult encounters we
had with the enemy. He died in 1827, but
never received half pay, never having applied
for it, because, as has been suggested before,
he did not feel the immediate pressure of pov-
erty, as many other officers did. But he
always said to his family and friends that
there was half pay coming to him, and that he
expected that at some time he would receive
from the Government the reward due to his
services. He died, however, before he did
demand it He died in 1827; and now his
representatives, his descendants, come before
Congress and ask for the half pay to which he
was entitled^ by the act of Congress, if he had
applied ror it at any time during his life.
It has been suggested, I think by my friend
from Vermont, [Mr. Willard,] that these
cases are rare and that this is an old case
