1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1019
ninety years old. It is not an old case now
Drought up for the first time. It has been be-
fore Congress on various occasions. It has
passed, at one time and another, the Senate,
aud it has passed the House ; but on no occa-
sion did it pass both Houses at the same Con-
gress ; and hence the bill again comes before
the Congress.
The gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. May-
nard] desires that the interest shall be struck
out. But I have here in my hand a " book
of revolutionary claims," wherein I find that
seventeen hundred and fifty-four claims have
been allowed for revolutionary services of
this character on which interest was paid. I
therefore say to the House that I consider
that this is a meritorious claim, because of the
gallant services of this gentleman who served
during the war, because Congress pledged to
him its faith that if he would continue in the
service during the war he should have half
pay for life, because he died before making
his claim, and that, in justice and equity, that
claim is due, because Congress passed a law
in 1783 that all revolutionary claims should
bear six per cent, interest, and because, in ac-
cordance therewith, seventeen hundred and
fifty-four claims have been already paid with
interest. I therefore trust the House will pass
this bill.
Mr. KERR. I desire to ask the gentleman
a question. Do I understand him to say that
over seventeen hundred claims of this kind
have been paid with interest ?
Mr. TOWNSEND, of Pennsylvania. I
refer the gentleman to page 117 of the book
I hold in my hand on revolutionary claims,
in which I find this statement:
From these statements it will be found that since
the adoption of the present Constitution^ acts have
been passed for the settlement of the claims ot indi-
viduals, by name, on which, by the terms of the acts
themselves, interest has been allowed, to the num-
ber of   ^
Of this number thirteen were passed especially
for thoollowanooofinterest after they had been
paid under former acts; that in two cases
(Brownlee and Wilson) Congres3 added interest
to bills which were reported without interest;
that under the acts of March 23,1792, March 27,
1792, and February 12,1793, suspending a statute
of limitation as to claims of widowsand orphans.
* and claims for personal services of officei*s, &c.,
there were settled and paid at the Treasury,
with interest, as per letter of the Register of
the Treasury r,i,,,,,:,.,,rrVoi,o j";u
That under the act of April 13,1818, and the
acts supplementary thereto (and now m force)
suspending the statute of limitation, so far as
relates to loan office and to other certificates,
(not lost or destroyed ) there ha.ve been admitted
and paid at the Treasury with interest claims
to the number of  Ub
Making of individual claims paid with interest... 1/754
"That since the adoption of the Constitution
claims have been paid under special acts, m wniefr
nothing is said about interest, to thenumoerof fatty-
four. And of this number nineteen passed the
Hou<e with interest, which was struck out pro forma
by the Senate, to be adjusted .afterward upon some
general rule, and that eight of the remaining
cases have been passed subsequently on the same
principle; that is, to await the general rule, bo
that it will be seen that seventeen hundred and
fifty-four cases have been allowed with "^erest, and
fifty-four without interest; being upward oi thirty-
two cases allowed with interest to one case without
interest."
Mr. MAYNARD. I ask the gentleman
whether he can find any instance where the
Government has not withheld what was due to
a man, but where the party himself has refused
to take it, where the Government has paid
interest? As I understand the principle upon
which the Government does or does not pay
interest, it is this: where a claim has been
liquidated or the amount has been retained,
and the claimant has made constant applica-
tion for his money, but the Government, with-
out any fault on his part, has withheld it, then
it is usual to pay interest; but where a claim-
ant has failed to establish Ins claim, or it
having been established he has tailed to demand
the money, in such a case when he applies he
is paid the principal of his claim but not the
interest upon it. I understand that to have
been the principle that runs through our
legislation.
Mr. TOWNSEND, of Pennsylvania. I think
that principle is not general and absolute. I
have not examined these seventeen hundred
and fifty-four claims to ascertain whether the
principle invoked by the gentleman from Ten-
nessee is correct or not, but I know that by
the act of June 3, 1754, it was provided that
all claims for revolutionary services should
bear six per cent, interest, and under thatact,
which has riot yet been repealed, I ask that the
representatives of this old revolutionary sol-
dier shall now be paid the amount of half pay
due to him with interest up to the time of his
death.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Chairman, I do not wish
to controvert the gallant services of the ances-
tor of these claimants or to speak in disparage-
ment of the meritorious conduct of this officer
of the Revolution. But, sir, I have some knowl-
edge of this sort of claims running back a
good many years, for when I first came to
Congress I had the honor to be placed upon
the Committee on Revolutionary Claims, at
one end of it, serving under the chairmanship
of the distinguished gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Cox,] then representing a district
in Ohio. All these claims came before that
committee. A general bill covering this case
and all others was prepared outside by a then
organized lobby and presented to that com-
mittee, and the committee, therefore, had occa-
sion to examine this whole matter. This is a
very simple, honest, meritorious claim on its
face, but it is a gate opening to a body of
claims behind it which then amounted to be-
tween three and four hundred thousand dollars.
A report was prepared upon this case which
gentlemen will find among the reports of the
Thirty-Fifth Congress, and they will see from
thai report that there are two or three obsta-
cles in the way of this claim. I do not speak
with entire accuracy, but only as the matter
recurs to my mind after the lapse of sixteen
years. The first obstacle is that for this half
pay Congress commuted with all these officers
for a given sum, and after that they passed a
statute of limitations providing that all these
claims should be presented to the Government
within a given time. Both of these obstacles
were in the way of these claims. It is true
that now and then, when Congress has felt
kind and liberal, one and another of these
claims.has gone through as a private claim in
spite of those two laws, and an industrious
o-entleman has gathered in the book from
which the gentleman has quoted a list of these
cases and of other claims of that character.
These claims were before the Committee on
Revolutionary Claims in the Thirty-Fifth Con-
gress and the whole matter was reviewed.
I do not disparage this claim; I know
nothing of its merits. But it belongs to a class
of claims which, if you pass this, you cannot
resist until two or three hundred thousand
dollars have been paid out of the Treasury
upon claims for which the Government of the
United States, to begin with, commuted with
the officers and afterwaid passed a statute
of limitation. Neither of those acts called out
this claim, which lay with this venerable revo-
lutionary patriot as an heirloom in his family,
•who did not dare to call upon the Government
for it until he had passed away. Then his
heirs have seen fit to present a claim here
which he did not think proper to _ present,
either when the statute was in force giving him
half pay, or when the statute was in force com-
muting the half pay, or when the statute of
limitations said to him that he must present it
within a given time.
For these reasons I trust that if the House
is disposed to open this door they will open it
deliberately; that they will say to the rest of
these claimants, "Come forward now and
we will pay you in the abundance of our
Treasury, in the flush of our paper money, so
much more abundant now than at any other
period, save during the time of the continental
money in which these poor people were paid,"
and pay them all, along with the claims grow-
ing out of the war of 181'2 and the war with
Mexico. Valiant men who served in the Mexi-
can war are now here knocking at your doors
for permission to come forward and obtain
relief. If we open this door at all, let us open
it broadly.
Sir, there were a great many very honest
claims before that Committee on Revolutionary
Claims of the Congress to which I refer.
I think there never was any such committee
in this House as that one. Claimants came
there with vouchers containing the names of
distinguished officers of the Revolution, from
George Washington down through them all,
and men stole autographs from that committee-
room, until now there are to be found upon the
records of this House vouchers with the names
cut off by those desiring to preserve them as
autographs.
Mr. MAYNARD. I hope the gentleman
has no intention of reflecting upon the mem-
bers of that committee.
Mr. DAWES. 0, not the least. There
were other gentlemen prosecuting claims there
and urging them upon the committee about
whom we had some suspicions. But it is not
one claim alone that induces me to get up here
and oppose my friend from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Townsend.] It is because I know these
claims all the way back; and I am afraid that
that lobby which I had supposed had passed
out of existence before this time is revived
again, and this is but the entering-wedge for
them to get money out of the Treasury.
Mr. TOWNSEND, of Pennsylvania. I am
very glad, indeed, to hear the very kind
expressions of sympathy for the revolutionary
soldiers which have fallen at this time from
my distinguished friend from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Dawes.] I was a little afraid from the
beginning of his speech that he was opposed
to this and all kindred claims. But as he
spoke on and called to memory the distin-
guished services of the officers of the revolu-
tionary war, his heart seemed to warm toward
them, and he appeared to be anxious that all
of them should be paid.
I hope 1 may feel satisfied that when he
comes to consider the gallant services of this
captain in the revolutionary army, a man who
exposed his life on various occasions on the
battle-field in order to achieve the liberty which
he and all of us now enjoy, that he cannot
give his vote or his voice against this claim.
He tells us that it has been outlawed, that
on two different occasions statutes of limita-
tions were passed. I want to remind him of
the fact that before the last statute of limita-
tion ran out this gallant soldier died; before
the time when he had an opportunity to pre-
sent his claim before Congress he was laid
beneath the cold clod of the valley, and could
not therefore avail himself of the whole time
afforded claimants by the law._
I trust this House is not going to forget the
gallant services of the army of the Revolution.
1 trust that the whole amount of these ciaims,
which do not exceed $200,000 or $300,000,
will be allowed, and that the men who periled
their lives in the forefront of the battle may
have bequeathed to their posterity by Congress
a suitable legacy. I hope there will be no
trouble or difficulty in passing this bill, tor 1
am sure it is a fair, a just, an honest, and a
meritorious claim.
Mr. MOORE. I desire to call the attention
of the House to one or two facts in connec-
tion with the question now under considera-
tion. No matter how often a soldier of the
late war for the suppression of the rebellion
may have offered up his life, if he did not be-
fore his death make application for a pension,
there is no opportunity for his widow to reap
any benefit from his services in the way ot ac-
crued pension. But if an application had been
filed and was pending and the evidence sub-
