1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
197$
mittee of conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses on the bill (H. R. No.
3088) to extend for four years the act estab-
lishing a board of commissioners of claims
and the acts relating thereto.
The message further announced that the
Senate had passed concurrent resolutions for
the printing of extra copies of the report of the
Smithsonian Institution for the year 1872, and
of the report of the United States coast survey
for the year 1872; in which he was directed to
ask the concurrence of the House.
The message also announced that the Sen-
ate had passed the bill (H. R. No. 3622) sup-
plemental to'an act entitled "An act granting
the right of way for the construction of a rail-
road from Great Salt Lake City to Portland,
Oregon," approved April 12, 1872, with an
amendment; in which he was directed to ask
the concurrence of the House.
The message also announced that the Sen-
ate had passed, without amendment, bills of
the House of the following titles:
A bill (H. R. No. 2908) to refund to Thomas
S. Magruder certain moneys stolen from him
in 1859;
A bill (H. R. No. 2468) granting a pension
to Samuel B. Davis;
A bill (H. R. No. 3710) to provide for the
establishment of life-saving stations on the
coasts of Maine, New Hampshire, Massachu-
setts, Virginia, and North Carolina;
A bill (H. R. No. 862) to create a port of de-
livery at La Crosse, in Wisconsin, and to pro-
vide for a surveyor of customs thereat.
A bill (H. R. No. 2910) for the relief of
Orville J. Jennings; and
A bill (H. R. No. 3999) to amend an act
entitled '"An act making appropriations for
the support of the Army for the year ending
June 30, 1870," approved March 3, 1869.
legislative, etc., appropriation bill.
The House resumed the consideration of the
amendments of the Senate to the legislative,
&c., appropriation bill.
The pending question was upon agreeing to the
amendment increasing the salaries of officers
of the House.
The question was put; and on a division
there were—ayes 74, noes 32; no quorum
voting.
Mr. HOLMAN. I ask for the yeas and nays
on that amendment.
Mr. SARGENT. That means an extra ses-
sion, and nothing else.
Mr. HOLMAN. If you put this amendment
in the bill it may occasion an extra session.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I hopetheHouse
will not order the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered, only
seven members voting therefor.
Tellers were ordered on the question ; and
Mr. Faknsworth and Mr. Garfield, of Ohio,
were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes one hundred
and one; noes not counted.
So the amendment was concurred in.
The next amendment of the Senate, upon
which a separate vote was reserved, was to
insert the following:
Branch mint at Charlotte, North Carolina.
Salaries, branch mint, Charlotte, korth Carolina:
Assayer, $1,51)0. T ,
Wages of workmen, branch mint, Charlotte, worth
Carolina: assistant assayer, $1,200; fireman, laborer,
man of all work. $292. . „
Contingent expenses, branch mint, Charlotte,
Sorth Carolina: charcoal, fuel,lights, acids, flaxes,
erueibles. freights, postage, books, stationery, mis-
cellaneous items, repairs of assaying department,
and incidental expenses, ^1,500.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I hope that
amendment will not be concurred in. Allow
me to state one thing.
Mr. PERCE. I object to debate. This is
the only appropriation in the bill for south of
the Potomac. .
The question was taken; and upon a divis-
ion there were—ayes seventy-one, noes not
counted.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. Holman called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered, there
being but nine in the affirmative; not one
fifth of the last vote.
So the yeas and nays were not ordered.
The amendment was accordingly concurred
in.
The next amendment upon which a sepa-
rate vote was reserved was to add to the
clause " To pay judgments of the court of
claims $400,000'' the following:
Provided, That in rendering any judgment in
favor of any claimant under the act of March 12,
1863, the said court shall find the amount due, and
shall also find and state whether or not said claim-
ant had proved that he rendered no aid or comfort
to the rebellion; and where such claimant shall
have failed to prove that he had not rendered such
aid or comfort, no judgment of said court shall be
paid until a special appropriation therefor shall be
made by Congress.
The amendment was not concurred in ; upon
a division—ayes eighteen, noes not counted.
The next amendment of the Senate upon
which a separate vote was asked, was to add
to section two of the bill the following:
And the Secretary of the Treasury is directed
to withhold all payments to any railroad company
and its assigns, on account of freight or trans-
portation over their respective roads of any kind
to the amount of payments made by the United
States for interest upon bonds of the United States
issued to an^ such company, and which shall not
have been reimbursed, together with the five per
cent, of net earnings duo and unapplied, as pro-
vided by law. And any such company may bring
suit in the Court of Claims to recover the price of
such freight and transportation, and in such suit the
right of such company to recover the sameupon the
law and the facts of the ease shall be determined,
and also the rights of the United States upon the
merits of all the points presented by it in answer
thereto by them; and either party to such suit may
appeal to the Supreme Court; and both said coui ts
shall give such cause or causes precedence of all
other business. .
The Committee of the Whole recommend
the adoption of the following substitute for the
Senate amendment:
And the Secretary of the Treasury is directed to
withhold all payments to any railroad company and
its assigns, on account of freight or transportation
over their respective roads of any kind, to the
amount of payments made by tue United States for
interest upon bonds of the United States issued to
any such company, and which shall not have been
reimbursed; and any such company may bring suit
in tho Court of Claims to recover so much of the
price of sueh freight and transportation as shall
have been withheld; and in sueh suit the right of
such company to recover tbesame upon the law and
the facts of the case shall be determined, and also
the rights of the United States upon the merits of
all the points presented by it in answer thereto by
them; and tho jurisdiction and power of said court
in any such suitshall be the same as in other actions
therein; and its judgment therein, and a transcript
thereof, shall have the same foice and effect as in
other cases of claims against the Government in said
court; and either party to such suit may appeal to
the Supreme Court; and both said courts shall give
such causeor causes precedence of all other business.
The substitute was agreed to ; and the amend-
ment of the Senate so amended concurred in.
The next amendment upon which a separate
vote was reserved was the following, reported
from the Committee of the Whole :
That the Attorney General shall cause a suit
in equity to be instituted in the name of the
United States against the Union Pacific Railroad
Company, and against all persons who may, in their
own names or through any agents, have subscribed
for or received capital stock m said road, which
stock has not been paid for in full in money, or who
may have received, as dividends or otherwise, por-
tions of the capital stock of said road, or tho pro-
ceeds or avails thereof, or other property of said
road, unlawfully and contrary to equity, or who may
have received as proiiis or proceeds ot contracts tor
construction or equipment of saidrnad  r other con-
tracts therewith, moneys or other property wuich
ought,in equity, to belong to said railroad corpora-
tion, or who may, under pi cten&eoi having complied
with the acts to which this is an audition, have
wrongfully and unlawfully received trointhe United
States, bonds, moneys, or lauds which ought, m
equity to bo accounted tor and paid to said railroad
company or to the UnitedStates, and to compel pay-
ment lor said stock, and the collection and payment
of such moneys, and the restoration of such property,
or its value, either to said railroad corporation or to
the United S">tes, whichever shall in equity be held
entitled tner^o. Said suit may be brought in the eir-
ouit courtin any circuit, and all said parties may be
made defendants in one suit. Decrees may be
entered and enforced against any one or more par-
ties defendant without awaiting the final determ-
ination of the cause against other parties. The
court where said cause is pending may make such
orders and decrees and issue such process as it shall
deem necessary to bring in new parties or the rep-
resentatives of parties deceased, or to carry into
effect the purposes of this act. On filing the bill,
writs of subpena may be issued by said court
against any parties defendant, which writ shall run
into any district, and shall be served, as other like
Process, by the marshal of suoh district. The
ooks, records, correspondence, and all other doc-
uments of the Union Pacific Railroad Company
shall at all times be open to inspection by the
Secretary of the Treasury, or such persons as he
may delegate for that purpose. The laws of the
United States providing for proceedings in bank-
ruptcy shall not be held to apply to said corporation.
No dividend shall hereafter be made by said com-
pany but from the actual net earnings thereof; and
no new stock shall be issued or mortgages or pledges
made on the property or future earnings of the
company without leave of Congress, except-for the
purpose of funding and securing debt now existing,
or the renewals thereof. That no director or officer
of said road shall hereafter be interested, directly or
indirectly, in any contract therewith except for his
lawful compensation as such officer. Any director
or officer who shall pay or declare, or aid in paying
or declaring, any dividend, or creating any mort-
gage or pledge prohibited by this act, shall be pun-
ished by imprisonment not exceeding two years and
by fine not exceeding §5,000: provided, That the
proper circuit court of the United States shall have
jurisdiction to hear, try, and determine all cases of
mandamus to compel said Union Pacific Railroad
Company to operate its road as required by law.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was concurred in, upon a division—ayes sixty •
three, noes not counted.
The last amendment of the Senate upon
which a separate vote was reserved was the
following, to be added to the bill:
Sec. 3. That from and after the 1st day of Jan-
uary, 1873, the salaries of the Assistant Secretaries,
the Solicitor, the Register, and the Supervising
Architect of the Treasury Department, the Assistant
Secretary of the Interior, the Commissioner of Indian
Affairs, the Commissioner of Agriculture, the Com-
missioner of Customs, the Auditors of the Treasury,
the Commissioner of the General Land Office, the
Commissioner of Pensions, and the Assistant Post-
masters General, the superintendent of the money-
order system, and the superintendent of foreign mails
of the Post Office Department, shall be $4,000 each
per annum.
The Committee of the Whole recommend
that the amendment be concurred in, amended
by inserting, after the words "Assistant Sec-
retaries," the words "Assistant Secretary
of State and the examiner of claims in the
Department of State."
The amendment as amended was concurred
in, upon a division—yeas sixty-nine, noes not
counted.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I ask unanimous
consent of the House to make a change in the
amendment of the Senate in regard to the
branch mint at Charlotte, North Carolina,
which amendment has been concurred in. A
bill has passed the two Houses and become a
law abolishing the branch mint at Charlotte, and
giving an assay office instead. The amendment
of the Senate provides for a branch mint there.
I ask that by unanimous consent the amend-
ment be not concurred in, so that the matter
may go to the committee of conference for
adjustment.
Mr. HOLMAN. What changes in the Sen-
ate amendment is it proposed to make?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Hooper] who had
charge of the Mint bill will explain to the
House the changes which should be made in
the Senate amendment so as to make it cor-
respond with existing law.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. My mo-
tion would be to concur in the amendment of
tbe Senate with an amendment.
The SPEAKER. That motion could be
entertained only by unanimous consent.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. 1 think
that when I have made an explanation there
will be no objection.
Mr. HOLMAN. I would like the gentle
man from Massachusetts to state what officers
are to be provided for.
