1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
55
very last amendment offered; therefore, in
putting the question upon it, the Chair has
pursued the legitimate and regular course.
Whether the one method of proceeding will
give the proposition a little more advantage
than the other, is not for the Chair to decide.
He submits the amendments in accordance
with the chronological order in which they
were offered. The effect of the amendment
ot" the gentleman from New York is to reduce
from five to three the number of vessels to be
built in private yards. The vote stands—
ayes 83, noes 54 ; and unless tellers or yeas
and nays are demanded, the amendment will
be considered agreed to.
The SPEAKtCR. The next amendment to
be voted on is the amendment offered by the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Randall]
to the amendment of the gentleman from
Maine, [Mr. Hale.]
The Clerk read the amendment to the
amendment, as follows:
And the models, plans, specifications, and esti-
mates lor the aforesaid vessels shall be procured
tn.iu naval or civil marine architects, subject to pub-
lic competition, and lor suitable stipulated rewards
upon advertisement, all of which shall be submitted
to i b".ml of naval officers for approval and adop-
tion under the direction of the Secretary of the
Navy. And after the models, plans, specifications,
and e-timates—which may be a combination of the
be.-t features of any nr all the plans submitted, or
any one of them entire—have been approved and
adopted by the aforesaid board, and approved by the
Scere'jry, he may proceed to contract under proper
a Ivertijements for the construction of the aforesaid
\c.-f-els with the lowest responsible bidder, who will
Jive pioper security for the faithful fulfillment of
toe contract in each case; the vessels to be built
iccordins to the models, plans, specifications, and
estimates approved and adopted as hereinbefore
I'rovHled tor: Provided, The cost, shall not exceed
tiie estimates approved by the aforesaid board :
.'.•'J ]tio~ided further. That the Secretary of the
X.ivy s'lall. as soon as practicable after the comple-
i.on of said vessels, make a report of the relative
cut of those vessels made of iron with those of
wood, and the comparative advantages of each after
experimental test; also the difference of cost of
th'>«e constructed in private ship-yards as compared
with those constructed in Government ship-yards.
The question was taken ; and the amendment
to t'.u- amendment was agreed to.
Lhe question then recurred on the amend-
ment ot Mr. Hale as amended.
Mr. DAWES. I desire before the vote is
taken to have the amendment read as now
amended.
Toe Clerk read the amendment as amended.
Mr. LYNCH. I wish to suggest to my col-
league to amend the amendment in the first
line by striking out '"shall" and inserting
'"may," so it will read " that said vessels shall
be constructed in private yards "—leaving the
matter directly with the Secretary of the Navy.
Several Members. Oh, no.
The SPEAKER. It will require unanimous
consent to make the modification.
Mr. COX. I object.
The question was taken on the amendment
as amended ; and there were—ayes TO, noes 59.
Mr. PLATT demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. TW1CHELL. I desire to ask a ques-
tion. Does this amendment require the con-
struction of all these vessels to be given to
private yards?
The SPEAKER. That is not a parliament-
ary question.
Mr. HALE. It is provided that not less
than three of said vessels shall be constructed
in private yards in the United States under
ixi n tract.
Mr. PLATT. With the consent of the
gentlemen who voted to order the yeas and
nays I will withdraw the demand for the
yeas and nays, as I find I misunderstood the
amendment.
There was no objection ; and the yeas and
nays were considered as not having been
ordered.
So the amendment as amended was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The question next recurs
on the amendment of the gentleman from
Virginia [Mr. Platt] to the amendment pro-
posed by the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Banks,] who moved in line four to
strike out " ten or more" and insert "not
exceeding ten so as to read, " that the Sec-
retary of the Navy be authorized to construct
ten steam vessels of war, each carrying not
exceeding ten guns of large caliber." The
gentleman from Virginia proposes to amend
by making it "not less than six nor more
than fourteen."
The question was taken ; and Mr. Platt's
amendment to the amendment was disagreed
to.
Mr. Banks' s amendment was then agreed to.
The next question recurred on the amend-
ment of Mr. Cox, to strike out "and that
$3,000,000 be appropriated for that purpose
out of any money in the Treasury hereafter
to be appropriated," and in lieu thereof to
insert:
Provided, No contract or order for construction
shall be made until full detailed estimates have been
submitted to Congress and appropriation made
therefor.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. If that pre-
vails and those words be stricken out, the
words which are inserted should be added as
a part of the proviso already adopted.
The SPEAKER. That is a matter to be
left to the arrangement of the engrossing
clerk.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
one hundred and two, noes not counted.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The question next recurred on the follow-
ing amendment, moved by Mr. Cox:
In line four strike out "ten" and insert "six;" so
it will rcftd *
That the Secretary of the Navy be authorized to
construct six steam vessels of war.
The House divided ; and there were—ayes
80, noes 58.
Mr. SARGENT demanded the yeas and
i nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 105, nays 66, not
i voting 70 ; as follows:
S YEAS—Messrs. Acker, Ambler, Ames, Arthur,
1 Barber, Beatty, Erasmus W. Beck, James B. Beck,
i Bell.Beveridge, Bird, Austin Blair, Boles, Braxton,
S Bright. Brooks. Burchard, Clarke, Coburn, Comingo,
Conner, Cotton, Cox. Crebs, Critcher, Cros3land,
Donnan, Dox, DuBose, Duke, Dunnell, Farnsworth,
Farwell, Finkelnburg, Charles Foster, Wilder D.
Foster, Getz, Giddings, Haldeman, Hale, Hancock,
Handley, HankB, Harper, John T. Harris, Havens,
John B. Hawley, Hay, Herndon, Hibbard, Holman,
Kerr, Lamison, Manson, Marshall, McClelland,
McCormick, McCrary, McHenry, Mclntyre, Mc-
Kinney, Merriam, Merrick, Benjamin F. Meyers,
Mitchell, Monroe, Morgan, Niblack, Orr, Hosea
W. Parker, Perry, Peters, Porter, Potter, Price,
Randall, Read, John M. Rice, Ritchie, Ellis H.
Roberts, Robinson, Sheldon, Slater, Speer, Ste-
vens, Stevenson, Storm, Swann, Sypher, Taffe,
i Terry. Tuthill, Upson, Van Trump, Vaughan, Wad-
I dell, Warren, Wells, Wheeler, Whiteley, Willard.
i Williams of Indiana, Winchester, Wood, and
Young—105.
| NAYS—Messw. Archer, Barry, Bingham, Buffin-
! ton, Burdett, Roderick R. Butler, Cobb. Coghlan,
1 Conger, Dawes, Dickey, Duell, Eames, Esty, Frye,
Garfield, Harmer, George E. Harris, John W. Hazel-
ton, Hill, Hoar, Hooper, Houghton, Kelley, Kel-
logg, Lansing, Lowe, Lynch, Maynard, McGrew,
McJunkin, McKee, Moore, Leonard Myers, Neg-
ley, Packard, Packer, Palmer, Isaac C. Parker,
! Peck, Pendleton, Perce, Platt, Poland, John Rogers,
; Rusk, Sargent, Sawyer, Scofield, Sessions, Shella-
i barger, Shoemaker, H. Boardman Smith, John A.
| Smith, Snapp, Sprague, Starkweather, Stoughton,
Stowell, Thomas, Washington Townsend, Twichell,
Tyner, Wakeman, Wallace, and Jeremiah M. Wil-
son—66.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Averill, Banks,
Barnum, Bigby, Biggs, James G. Blair, Boarman,
Buckley, Benjamin F. Butler, Caldwell, Campbell,
Carroll, Creely, Crocker, Darrall, Davis, De Large,
Dodds, Eldredge, Elliott, Ely, Forker, Henry I>.
Foster, Garrett, Golladay, Goodrich, Grilfith, Hal-
aey, Hambleton, Joseph R. Hawley, Hays, Gerry
j W. Hazelton, Hereford, Kendall, Ketcham, Kil-
linger, King, Kinsella, Lamport, Leach, Lewis,
McNeely, Morey, Morphis. Prindle, Kainey, Ed-
ward Y. Rice, William R.Roberts, Sion II. Rogers,
Roosevelt, Seeley, Shanks, Sherwood, Shober, Slo-
cum, Sloss, Worthington C. Smith, Snyder, St.
John, Sutherland, Dwight Townsend, Turner, Voor-
hees, Walden, Waldron. Walls, Whitthorne, Wil-
liams of New York, and John T.Wilson—70.
So the amendment was agreed to-
Mr. COX moved to reconsider the vote by
which the amendment was agreed to; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The bill, as amended^ was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time ; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time.
The question was next on the passage of the
bill, and being taken there were—ayes 86,
noes 42.
Mr. HOLMAN. I demand the yeas and
nays on the passage of the bill.
On the question of ordering the yeas and
nays there were—ayes eighteen; not a suffi-
cient number.
So the yeas and nays were not ordered; and
the bill was passed.
Mr. COX. I move that the title be amended
so as to correspond with the amendment,
making the number of vessels six instead of
ten.
The SPEAKER. That amendment will be
made.
Mr. SCOFIELD moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
RIVER AND HARBOR APPROPRIATION BILL.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Shellabarger,] the chairman of the
Committee on Commerce, asks that that com-
mittee be authorized to report the river and
harbor appropriation bill at any time. Is there
objection?
Mr. RANDALL. Would that interfere with
other special orders ?
The SPEAKER. It would not. It would
only be for reference to the Committee of the
Whole.
Mr. RANDALL. I reserve the point of
order, in case the bill should contain any new
legislation.
The SPEAKER. Points of order can be
reserved when the bill is reported.
There being no objection, leave was given
to the committee to report the bill at any
time.
PROPOSED ADJOURNMENT OVER.
Mr. PERCE. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I rise to a question
of higher privilege. I move that when the
House adjourns, it be to meet on Monday
next. •
Mr. DAWES. I wish to make a statement
before the House votes on that question. On
the 1st day of January, under existing laws,
the Commissioner of Internal Revenue will be
compelled to make a radical change in the
internal revenue districts, reducing their num-
ber to eighty, instead of two hundred and twenty.
That, has been found, on examination, to be
utterly impracticable. He has a bill which is
before the Committee of Ways and Means,
as a substitute for the existing law, and I de-
sire to report it to-morrow. Of course, it
must go through both branches before the holi-
days, or this condition of things which I have
explained will be precipitated upon him by the
law. I hope, therefore, the House will not
adjourn over, but will allow me to bring in
that bill for consideration to-morrow, so that
it may go to the other branch in the beginning
of the week.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Mr. Speaker, I de-
sire to say 
Mr. PERCE. I object to further debate.
The SPEAKER. Neither question is de-
batable. The question will first be taken on
the motion of the gentleman from Illinois,
that when the House adjourns to-day it be tu
meet on Monday next, which is a motion of
higher privilege than the motion to adjourn.
The question being taken on the motion to
