56
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 6,
adjourn over, it was disagreed to—ayes 68,
noes 91.
The motion that the House adjourn was
agreed to; and thereupon (at three o'clock
and fifty minutes p. m.) the House adjourned.
petitions, &c.
The following petitions, &e., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. BECK, of Kentucky: The petition
of J. S. Murphy and a number of bankers and
merchants ot Stanford, Lincoln county, Ken-
tucky, for the removal of taxes on State and
national banking institutions.
By Mr. BOLES : The petition of citizens of
Arkansas, for a mail route from Hicks' Sta-
tion to Pine Bluff, Arkansas.
By Mr. COBURN: A joint resolution of the
General Assembly of the State of Indiana,
entitled "A joint resolution instructing the
Senators and requesting the Representatives
of the State of Indiana to vote against any
measure in Congress to divide the State into
two or more judicial districts.''
Also, the remonstrance of members of the
bar of the following counties in the State of
Indiana: Sullivan, Johnson, Knox, Owen,
Switzerland, Rush, Morgan, Bartholomew,
Dearborn, Fayette, Decatur, and Franklin,
against making a new judicial district in the
State of Indiana.
By Mr. COGHLAN : The memorial of Cap-
tain L. C. Sartori, praying restoration to his
original position on the Navy Register.
By Mr. COX: The petition of Richard At-
kinson, for payment underlease, &c.
By Mr. DAWES: The petition of R. C.
Powers, Governor of the State of Mississippi,
and others, praying the removal of the dis-
abilities of L. Q. C. Lamar, of Mississippi.
Also, the petition of L. Q. C. Lamar, of the
State of Mississippi, praying the removal of
bis disabilities.
By Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts: The
petition of Israel G. Whitney & Co. and
others, importers of Boston, for the passage
of a bill to relieve them from the differential
duties on merchandise imported in French
vessels and shipped prior to the date of the
President's proclamation.
By Mr. KELLEY: The memorial of Adeli
Semple, asking a pension.
Also, the petition of Mrs. Clara F. Meade,
praying Congress to provide for the payment
of claims under French indemnity.
By Mr. LAMPORT : The petition of Major
Foster A. Hixon, for relief.
By Mr. SWANN : The memorial of Hen-
rietta Troup, Mary H. Troup, and others, of
Baltimore, Maryland, asking indemnity for
depredations committed by the public and
private armed vessels of France during the
years 1793 and 1801.
IN SENATE.
Friday, December 6, 1872.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. P. New-
man, D. D.
Hon. Thomas M. Norwood, from the State
of Georgia, and Hon. Lyman Trumbull, from
the State of Illinois, appeared in their seats
to-day.
The Journal of yesterday's proceedings was
read.
correction of tub journal.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I rise to a
correction of the Journal. The resolution
which I presented yesterday from the Legisla-
ture of the State of Vermont, instead of ask-
ing for the abolition of the franking privilege,
as stated in the Journal, merely asked for a
correction of the abuses of that privilege ; I
iind in relation to Senate bill No. 093, i
instead of being postponed until to-morrow,
it was postponpd for one week.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That is
the usual form of entry on the Journal in
such cases; but the correction will be made.
election op committees.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I move that the
\ Senate proceed to the election of the standing
committees of the Senate, and such select com-
1 mittees as were ordered at the last session.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I move that
the Senate suspend the thirty-fifth rule, which
requires the chairmen of committees to be
elected by ballot.
; The motion was agreed to.
,! Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I offer this
resolution:
Resolved, That the following be the standing and
select committees of the Senate for the present
session:
On Privileges and Elections — Messrs. Morton,
(chairman,) Carpenter, Logan, Alcorn, Hill, An-
thony, and Trumbull.
On Foreign Relations—Messrs. Cameron, (chair-
man,) Harlan, Morton, Patterson, Hamlin, Howe,
and bchuri.
On Finance—Messrs. Sherman, (chairman,) Morrill
of Vermont, Scott, Ames, Wright, FeTry of Michigan, :
and Bayard. i
On Appropriations — Messrs. Cole, (chairman,)
Sprague, Sawyer, Morrill of Maine, Windom, West,
and Stevenson.
On Commerce—Messrs. Chandler, (chairman,) Cor-
bett, Kellogg, Spencer, Buckingham, Conkling, and
| Vickers.
] On Manufactures—Messrs. Robertson,(chairman,)
! Sprague, Gilbert. Johnston, and Fenton.
! On Agriculture — Messrs. Frelinghuysen, (chair-
man,) Robertson, Lewis. Davis, and Maehen.
On Military Affairs—Messrs. Wilson, (chairman,)
■ Logan, Cameron, Morton, Ames, West, and Blair.
! On Nacttl Affairs—Messrs. Cragin, (chairman,)
Anthony, Nye, Osborn, Alcorn, Morrill of Maine, ,
and Stockton.
On the Judiciary—Messrs. Edmunds, (chairman,) '
Conkling, Carpenter, Frelinghuysen, Pool, Wright,
andThurman. j
On Post Offices and Post Roads—Messrs. Ramsey,
(chairman,) Pomeroy. Cole, Hamlin, Ferry of Michi-
gan, Flanagan, and Kelly.
On Public Lands—Messrs. Pomeroy, (chairman,)
Osborn, Sprague, Windom, Stewart, Casserly, and
Tipton.
On Private Land Claims—Messrs. Thurman, (chair-
man,) Ferry of Connecticut, Caldwell, Bayard, and
Norwood.
On Indian ^\ffairs—Messrs. Harlan, (chairman,)
Corbett, Buckingham, Frelinghuysen, Caldwell, Ste-
venson, and Rice.
On Pensions—Messrs. Pratt, (chairman,) Brown-
low, Logan, Ferry of Connecticut, Saulsbury, Hill,
and Hamilton, of Texas.
On Revolutionary Claims—Messrs, Pool, (chair-
man,) Brownlow, Corbett, Hill, and Norwood.
On Claims—Messrs. Howe, (chairman,) Scott,Pratt,
Boreman, Wright, Davis, and Machen.
On the Districtt of Colunlbio—Messrs. Patterson,
(chairman,) Lewis, Spencer, Sawyer, Hitchcock,
Ferry of Michigan, and Vickers.
On Patents—Messrs. Ferry of Connecticut, (chair-
man,) Carpenter, Windom, Hamilton of Maryland,
and Kansom.
On Public Buildings and Grounds—Messrs. Mor-
rill of Vermont, (chairman,) Gilbert, Cameron,
Stockton, and Hamilton of Maryland.
On Territories—Messrs. Nye, (chairman,) Cragin,
Boreman, Hitchcock, Clayton, Cooper, and Fen-
ton.
On the Pacific Railroad—Mr. Stewart, (chairman,)
Ramsey, Harlan, Scott, Kellogg, Hitchcock, Ferry
of Michigan, Cragin, Cooper, Rice„and Casserly.
On Mines and Mining—Messrs. Hamlin,(chairman,)
Chandler, Flanagan, Caldwell, Alcorn, Kelly, and
Goldthwaite.
On the Revision of the Laws of the United States—
Messrs. Conkling, (chairman,) Carpenter, Stewart,
Edmunds, and Goldthwaite.
On Revision of the Rules—Messrs. Pomeroy, (chair-
man,) Edmunds, and Stevenson.
On Education and Laboi—Messrs. Sawyer, (chair-
man,) Morrill, of Vermont, Flanagan, Patterson,
and Johnston.
On Investigation and Retrenchment—Messrs. Buck-
ingham, (chairman,) Pratt, Howe. Harlan, Stewart,
Bayard, and Trumbull.
To Audit and Control the Contingent Expenses of the
Senate—Messrs. Carpenter, (chairman,) Morton, and
Saulsbury.
On Printing— Messij. Anthony, (chairman,) Howe,
and Casserly.
On the Library—Messrs. Morrill of Maine, (chair-
man,) Howe, and Sherman.
On Engrossed Rills—Messrs, Casserly, (chairman,)
Clayton, and Cooper.
On Enrolled Bills—Messrs. Windom, (chairman,)
Lewis, and Kelly.
On Revision of the Rules—Messrs. Pomeroy, (chair-
roan,) Edmunds, and Stevenson.
On lite Removal of ]Jolitir<il. DiiabilitUs—Messrs.
Boreman, (chaiim:in,) Amos, Clayton, Lewis, Viek-
I ers. Ransom, and Tipton.
On the L' rirn <,) the Mississippi I'ir' r—K<! -
l°g?, (< h.iinoari), Alcorn. Clayton, liLiir, and Rice.
To Inquire into the Allegations against Hon. Powell
Clayton—Messrs. Wright, (chairman), Morrill of
Maine, and Norwood.
On Alleged Outrages in the Southern States—Messrs.
Scott, (chairman), Chandler, Bayard, Pool, Pratt,
Spencer, and Blair.
The resolution was adopted.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I move that the
Committee on Engrossed Bills be allowed, by
order of the Senate, a clerk.
; The motion was agreed to.
committee service.
i Mr. WILSON. I beg leave to decline to
act further or longer on the Committee on
Military Affairs. I have been on that com-
mittee nearly sixteen years, and chairman of
it for nearly twelve years. I ask to be excused.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sena-
tor from Massachusetts moves that he be ex-
1 cused from further service upon the Committee
| on Military Affairs.
] The motion was agreed to.
1 Mr. WILSON. I move that the vacancy in
the Committee on Military Affairs be filled by
the Chair.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That order
will be made if there be no objection.
executive communications.-
| The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a message from the President of
the United States, transmitting a report, dated
the 2d instant, of the Secretary of State sup-
plementary to the report submitted by him
under date of the 8th of November, 1871,
1 with reference to the expenditures authorized
j by the fourth and fifth paragraphs of the act
I of May 18, 1872, making appropriations for
! the increased expenses and compensation for
j extraordinary services of certain diplomatic
j and consular officers of the United States by
reason of the late war between France and
Prussia; which was ordered to He on the
: table, and be printed.
! He also laid before the Senate a message
from the President of the United States trans-
mitting a report, dated the 2d instant, with
accompanying papers received from the Sec-
retary of State, in compliance with the require-
ments of the eighteenth section of the act en-
titled " An act to regulate the diplomatic and
consular systems of the United States,"
approved August 18, 1856 ; which was ordered
to lie on the table, and be printed.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. EDMUNDS presented the petition of
Ruth E. Greland, praying for a pension;
which was referred to the Committee on
Pensions.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I also present the peti-
tion of the Ghent Temperance Association
of the State of New York, by its president,
George T. Powell, praying for appropriate
legislation to prohibit the manufacture, im-
portation, and sale of all intoxicating liquors
to be used as a beverage within the United
States Territories and the District of Colum-
bia. As this petition covers the whole sub-
ject of importation, and of taxation as well, I
suppose it ought to go to the Committee on
Finance, and I move its reference to that
committee.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I present a similar peti-
tion of Israel Drake and sundry others, asking
for the same legislation, and I move its refer-
ence to the same committee.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MORTON. I present a memorial of
the Legislature of Indiana, in the form of a
resolution, which I ask to have read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
A joint resolution instructing our Senators and re-
questing our Representatives to vote against any
measure in Congress to divide the State into two or
more judicial districts:
Whereas a bill is now pending in the Congress of
the United States for the division of the district of
Indiana into two judicial districts, creating anew
district ot that portion of the .State lying south of
