1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1021
gentleman desire to have the whole of that
read ?
Mr. HOLMAN. I think I understand the
nature of the bill without the report being
read. The case is a somewhat historical one.
There is reason to believe that these services
were rendered voluntarily by the claimant, at
his own instance. If the bill is subject to
objection, I object to it.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair knows of no
objection that lies to the consideration of the bill.
Mr. HOLMAN. I believe this is one of the
days on which a single objection is sufficient.
The CHAIRMAN. A bill may be laid
aside by a single objection on the first and
fourth Fridays and Saturdays of each month.
But this is the fifth, not the fourth Friday of
the month.
Mr. MOREY. I ask that the report' of the
Senate committee upon this bill be read. It
is very short.
The Clerk read as follows :
The Committee on Claims, to whom was referred
the bill (S. No. 59) authorizing the Secretary of the
Treasury to settle and pay the accounts of Colonel
James F. Jaques, have had the matter under con-
sideration, and submit the following report:
The bill is based upon the claim of the applicant
for $6,719, for money expended by him while in the
secret service during the civil war.
The testimony of the applicant and others is here-
with submitted. This testimony, in the opinion of
your committee, establishes the following facts:
1. That he was employed by the late President
Lincoln in the secret service of the Government.
2. Under this employment he visited Richmond
on several occasions, passing through the rebel lines
at great personal hazard. He also visited Niagara,
New York, and other places, acting all the time
under instructions.
3. He in this way rendered very important service
to the Government, which was more than once
recognized by the President, and the strongest
assurances given that his disbursements, at lea^t,
should be paid.
4. By reason of the circumstances, this claim is of
the most sacred character, and the obligation to pay
the same eannot be well disputed.
5. He expended, while engaged in this work, the
sum ot $6,719, allowing nothing for his time, no part
of which has ever been paid.
6. His account was made out, examined by Mr.
Lincoln, its correctness acknowledged, and would
have been paid—at least this is the fair tendency of
the testimony—but for the untimely death of the
President.
7. The services were rendered in the year 1864,
and the delay in the presentation of the claim is
fully explained in the accompanying testimony.
In view of these facts, referring to the testimony
herewith submitted, your committee believe the
claim to be just, and recommend the passage of the
bill providing for the payment of the sum above
named, 86,719.
All of which is most respectfully submitted.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I desire to ask
a question of the gentleman who has charge of
this bill. I would like to inquire what is the
nature of ihe services in this case. I believe
that the claimant was at that time in the pay
of the Government as a colonel of infantry,
and I wish to know whether the pay or the
amount asked for is anything more than the
expenses actually incurred in the discharge of
an unusual duty.
Mr. MOREY. This,is for money actually
expended. The account was examined by
Secretary Stanton, and was before President
Lincoln for approval just before his assassina-
tion. Afterward the case was left over through
the administration of President Johnson until
the inauguration of President Grant, and then
the case was brought up and again examined
by the Secretary of War and Judge Advocate
General Holt; but they thought, at that time,
that they had not power to pay the claim until
action was taken by Congress. This bill has
been examined thoroughly by two committees
of the Senate iu the Forty-First Congress; it
was examined by the Military Committee of
the Senate, and a favorable report upon it was
made by Senator Howard, of Michigan.
In this Congress the claim has been ex-
amined by the Committee on Claims of the
Senate, and they made the favorable re-
piui which lias been adopted by the Military
Cumujiitoe of the House. 1 he report is ac-
companied by ihe testimony of Senator 11-^-
1.a.x and of Colonel Jaques, who was examined
under oath. The bill allows nothing but for
moneys actually expended by Colonel Jaques,
who was colonel of the seventy-third Illinois
regiment, and received his pay as colonel while
on this detailed service. This bill includes
nothing in the way of pay or emolument for
his position, but only allows him moneys which
he actually expended and which have not been
reimbursed to him.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I desire to say
a word in regard to this claim; not adversely
to it, but to state some facts which are inter-
esting in regard to it. I knew Colonel Jaques
very well, and knew on what representations
he started on this mission. He came to the
headquarters of the army with which I was
connected, and made a statement to General
Rosecrans of his belief of what might be accom-
plished by an interview with certain classes
of people in the South, particularly with the
large body of the clergy. He believed that if
they were brought into communication with
the ecclesiastical bodies of the North, some-
thing might be done to brine; about a reconcil-
iation between the two sections. He had had,
before the war, extensive acquaintance in the
South, and believed, that if such correspond-
ence between the Christian churches of the
two sections could be started, the religious
sentiment of the country would make some
effort for-the restoration of peace and for the
security of the Government.
Upon his own representations, which im-
pressed me favorably, I addressed a letter,
by direction of the commanding general, in-
troducing him to the President of the United
States, and stating the substance of what he
desired. It is in that way that I happen to
know the circumstances which attended his
mission. But in regard to the expense attend-
ing it, I did suppose it would be quite proper,
and within the purview of the powers of the
War Department, to have allowed him pay and
mileage during the time he was so employed;
and I do not see why it is necessary for him to
come to Congress for an adjudication of this
matter. I wish now to ask the committee
who report this bill if they know how it is that
Colonel Jaques did not receive the usual pay
and mileage of an officer traveling under orders,
and whether we are now paying him some-
thing beyond that, or, if he received no such
speeial pay, why he did not receive it under
the ordinary rules of the War Department?
Mr. MOREY. I yield to the gentleman
from Michigan [Mr. Stodghton] for a mo-
ment or two, to answer that question.
Mr. STOUGHTON. I desire to say a sin-
gle word in response to the inquiry made by
the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Garfield.]
The name and the services of Colonel Jaques
are familiar to all the old officers of the Army.
He was a brave officer, and an honestand con-
scientious man, and he enjoyed the confidence
of President Lincoln to a very large extent.
He believed, honestly and conscientiously, that
he could do great good by going to the South,
and Mr. Lincoln gave him permission to go to
the southern country. I want to say that all
he had was permission to go to the southern
country. He was arrested at Fortress Monroe,
and kept there for several days, because he
had no pass. Finally, he was simply allowed to
pass, and he went to Richmond. The result
of that expedition of Colonel Jaques I believe
was very favorable iu some respects to the Gov-
ernment. Subsequently he was employed by
President Lincoln to go to Niagara, to go over
the northern States, and again to go into the
southern confederacy. During this time he
spent his own money to a large extent, as the
amount furnished him from the secret service i
fund was not sufficient for his purposes. I j
admit that the items of that disbursement have
not been spread out upon our records, for they
were of such a character that, tliev could not
be set forth in all their details. Where he has
expended money he has told how it was ex-
pended, just as tar as any officer could do so.
He has satisfied the Committee on Military
Affairs, beyond a doubt, that he did expend
this money of his own properly, and that he
should be paid. And he would have been paid
long ago but for the untimely death of Presi-
dent Lincoln.
I claim that this is a sacred debt and that
it should be paid. The reason why the War
Department cannot pay it, I apprehend, is
this: after the death of President Lincoln the
War Department had no authority over this
secret service fund ; it was not there ; it was
used for other purposes. And when claims
came up it was necessary to come to Congress
for a special appropriation. This is a sacred
debt, due to a brave and gallant officer, and
should be paid without question or cavil.
Mr. HOLMAN. Were not all legitimate
claims of this character paid out of the secret
service fund during the war?
Mr. STOUGHTON. Yes ; but proof is
made before the Committeeon Military Affairs
that not a dollar of that fund was ever paid to
this claimant.
Mr. HOLMAN. Why not? There was a
sufficient fund.
Mr. STOUGHTON. There is just this ex-
planation to which I wish to call the attention
of the committee, and I may as well state it
as not, as it is due to Colonel Jacques. He
was very enthusiastic and anxious to do' his
duty, more anxious for that than he was to get
in his possession money from the secret service
fund. And before he could report his account
and get his money, President Lincoln was as-
sassmated
Mr. HOLMAN. Was not this the fact, that
Colonel Jacques wanted to go to Richmond
and went their voluntarily ; that all he wanted
was permission to go beyond the lines? Did
he not go voluntarily, and not in the employ-
ment of the United States, and not on any
military service?
Mr. COBURN. He was at the time an offi-
cer of the Army, and in command of a regi-
ment, and could only be allowed to go thefe in
the discharge of military duty.
Mr. W. R. ROBERTS. Did he not receive
pay as a military officer ?
Mr. STOUGHTON. He received his pay
as colonel.
Mr. W. R. ROBERTS. When was this duty
performed ?
Mr. STOUGHTON. In 1864 and 1865.
Mr. MOORE. In answer to the statement
made by the chairman of the Committee on
Appropriations, [Mr. Garfield,] I desire to
call his attention to this fact, which he will
probably remember, for I personally know in
reference to these things: at the timS the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Garfield] wrote
the letter to which he has referred, Colonel
Jaques applied to General Rosecrans. Sub-
sequently, while the army was before Atlanta,
Mr. Lincoln sent an order to the headquarters
of the army of the Cumberland, giving unlim-
ited leave of absence to Colonel Jaques. In
consequence of that order, received from the
President of the United States, General
Thomas, who was then in command of the
army of the Cumberland, issued his order
giving Colonel Jaques leave of absence for
thirty days ; and if the business could not be
completed in thirty days, then he was to report
by letter, so that his leave of absence might
be extended.
That was in 1864, when this service was de-
manded of him by President Lincoln. There-
fore he was not under traveling orders by any
military authority under which he was serv-
ing. He had that leave of absence by order
of President Lincoln, and during that leave he
was in the service of President Lincoln. He
made this visit to Richmond, as well as to
other localities in the United States and in
Canada. The object, of these visits, which
were during the most critical period of our
history, was to furnish to the President of the
United States important information which he
