1984
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mareli 1,
Government from the responsiblity for losse3
which have occurred without any fault of his.
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. Why is it at-
tempted to rush it through in the closing hours
of the session ?
Mr. LYNCH. I have already explained
that it has once been before the House, and
was referred to a committee for report, but the
gentleman knows that it is not an easy matter
to bring a report of a committee before the
House at this stage of the sesssion. It can
only be done by unanimous consent, or a sus-
pension of the rules, and no discussion or ex-
planation can be made under such circum-
stances. I bring it up here as an amendment
for the purpose of getting the discussion which
1 cannot get in any other way under the rules
of the House.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. What commit
tee has considered it.
Mr. LYNCH. The Committee on the Ex-
penditures in the Treasury Department, and I
presume also the Committee of Ways and
Means, as the subject has been referred by
the House to both committees.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I would in-
quire of the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means if that committee recommend
this measure?
Mr. DAWES. _ It has not been officially
before the Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. LYNCH. I think the bill was referred
to that committee during the last session of
Congress.
Mr. DAWES. It may have been referred
to that committee, but although personally I
have had occasion to examine the matter the
committee have taken no action on it.
So far as the merits of the claim of General
Spinner to be relieved are concerned, no gen-
tleman who has examined the matter for a
moment, I think, will hesitate to give this
amendment his support. I think the service
of General Spinner as Treasurer of the Uuited
States, the most remarkable one upon record,
dp to the time of these two defalcations I
believe that not one penny of difference in his
accounts had ever existed, and General Spin-
ner, an old man who has served with some of
us here for long years, and who went twelve
years ago into this Department, contemplated
the prospect of closing up his account at the
end of twelve years without one penny's differ-
ence between the debit and the credit, and
which he would have done had it not been for
the default and crime of two clerks over whom
he had no control in this particular, although
he was by law responsible for thi-m. They
had taken and stolen $55,000, or somewhere
about that sum of money, for which he was
liable to be held personally responsibe from
his private resources. Now, that he should
be held so responsible is a proposition to
which no just man in this House will for a
moment give his support.
General Spinner is one of the most faithful
public servants that ever served the Govern-
ment of the United States, and to hold him
down now in his old age, broken down as he
is by hard service for the Government, any
longer for that for which he is not to blame is
cruel, and I trust that the chairman of the
Committee on Appropriations will not resist
this amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. All debate on the pend-
ing amendment has been exhausted.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I move to strike
out the last word for the sake of saying that I
presume this amendment is all right; I know
that its purpose is right. But I do object
at this late hour of the session to have so im-
portant a matter as closing up a matter of
defalcation thrown into the House without its
having been referred to the Committee on
Appropriations. We ought to have had due
notice that this matter was to be put in this
bill. Even if it had been examined and re-
poried upon by any committee, or if any com-
mittee is now ready ta say officially that they
recommend its being pat on this bill, no man
would be more ready than I to agree to it.
I want General Spinner's course vindicated
in the fullest way; I believe he is vindicated. I
believe every word the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Dawes] has said about him.
But he deserves the fullest vindication ; such
a vindication as could be given by a com-
mittee to which the subject was referred. It
has been referred to the Committee of Ways
and Means, but they have never considered
it. It has been referred to another commit-
tee, I understand, but they have never reported
upon it.
Mr. LYNCH. They report upon it now.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. One gentleman
offers it as an amendment to an appropriation
bill which must go through. It occurs to me
that it is bad practice to amend an appropria-
tion bill in this way without notice. I do not
know but it is right in every particular. I cer-
tainly will not vote against it if gentlemen
think it should be put on here. But 1 think it
is not quite right to charge the Committee on
Appropriations with a question like this unless
we have had full notice of it.
Mr. LYNCH. It is not proposed to charge
the Committee on Appropriations with any
responsibility in regard to it. I offered it as
an amendment here with the full knowledge
and approval of the Committee on the Ex-
penditures of the Treasury Department. I
offered it here because it is precisely analo-
gous to the pending paragraph relieving the
Treasurer of the Mint from a like difficulty.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Let us have a
vote. I withdraw my amendment to the
amendment.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to stike out the
last line of the amendment. I think that
most people who are familiar with the course
of events during the last twelve years believe
that the country has been very fortunate in
having a man of such iron integrity as General
Spinner in charge of the moneys of the coun-
try. I think that perhaps no citizen can be
mentioned who could have filled that high
office; one of such unexampled importance in
the history of this country, and perhaps of
any other, so long and still have his reputation
and integrity remain unquestioned. 1 think
that this confidence in the personal integrity
of General Spinner has been a source of con-
gratulation on the part of most of the people
of this country who have had occasion to con-
sider any matters in connection with the
Treasury.
And I will go as far as, if not farther, to
relieve this offioer from any responsibility than
any other officer of the Government. But I
am very fearful of the effect of the precedent
of putting such a measure as this on an appro-
priation bill. It looks as though the House
desired to establish this as a general proposi-
tion ; that the officers of the Government are
entitled not only to be relieved, but to be
relieved in the most expeditious manner, of
any defalcations which may have occurred
under them in the management of the public
funds.
The present sentiment on that subject is of
recent growth. I remember when, eight or
nine years ago, the superintendent of the mint
at Denver asked to be relieved from a defal-
cation of some four or five thousand dollars,
resulting like all these. The House not only
deliberated upon the subject, but took it up
time and again. They referred it time and
again to the Committee of Claims, which com-
mittee examined every feature of it, and not
only that, but over and over again sent for
testimony before they would report in favor
of relieving that officer, although the money
was clearly stolen without any fault on his
part.
And now we have reached a point where we
are trying to relieve officers from these defal-
cations as a matter of course. We might as
well repeal all our laws requiring the giving
of bonds and everything else of that kind if,
the policy which has recently prevailed is to
continue to prevail in the future.
Mr. MAYNARD. Did the gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Holman] have the opportunity
of serving in this House with the present
Treasurer of the United States?
Mr. HOLMAN. Certainly I did.
Mr. MAYNARD. Then I submit to the
gentleman whether he can have any doubt
upon any matter of fact that that gentleman
would state, whether he is not just as well
prepared to act upon the statement now as
though he had investigated it for six months.
Mr. HOLMAN. I had already, before the
gentleman spoke, stated all that bis question
implies. It gives me great gratification to
acknowledge the high integrity of General
Spinner. I would relieve him sooner than
any other officer of this Government, and would
feel greater confidence that 1 was making no
mistake. If this subject had been carefully
considered by the Committee on Appropria-
tions, and if the proposition were reported
from that committee, so that the House would
seem to be giving proper consideration to the
question of relief, so as to prevent the creation
of a bad precedent, the measure would receive
my unhesitating support.
I am not inclined to oppose this proposition,
but I do not want it to pass under such cir-
cumstances as to intimate to every officer of
the Government that he may allow defalcations
to occur by carelessness and neglect, and has
only to come to Congress to obtain prompt
release. I am not willing to legislate in that
way. I want the officers of this Government
to know that when they do come to Congress
in such cases for relief they must come with
integrity of character so well established, with
evidence of good conduct and official fidelity
so complete, as to command the confidence of
those who may be constrained to vote to relieve
them.
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. I am willing to
vote for this proposition in a separate bill,
which can be passed, I presume, under a sus-
pension of the rules. I will do anything of
that kind to relieve this officer, because T'
believe he is honest. But if we begin to load
down this deficiency bill with things of this
sort, there will be no end to it.
Mr. LYNCH. If there be no objection, I
withdraw my amendment.
There being no objection, the amendment
was withdrawn.
The Clerk read as follows :
Internal revenue:
For compensation and actual necessary traveline
expenses of internal revenue g augers, for the fiscal
year ending June 30,1873, $900,000
Mr. RANDALL. I hope the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Garfield] will give us some
explanation of this enormous deficiency,
$900,000.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Last year we
passed a bill requiring these officers to be
paid out of the Treasury. They had before
received fees which were paid by the distillers
under the law. But the law of last year cut
off those fees,'together with the fees that had
been paid to informers and persons of that
sort; and at the same time the tax on dis-
tilled spirits was raised five cents per gallon,
in order to make up the difference. Thus
we are now called upon, since the passage of
that law, to make an appropriation large
enough to pay from the Treasury these men,
who were formerly paid by fees received from
distillers.
Mr. RANDALL. Now, Mr. Chairman, the
gentleman will see at once that a gauger can
in many cases attend to more than one dis-
tillery, while storekeepers (who are provided
for in a subsequent paragraph) can attend to
but one distillery. It seems to me that an ap-
propriation of ยง900,000 is in entirely in excess
of the needs of the Government.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. This appropria-
