1026
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 1>
sion by the Spanish Government to Bernardo
Segui, before the 24th of January, 1818. And
the Commissioner of the General Land Office
has approved the report of the commission-
ers, and has reported the same to Congress for
its action, and recommended the confirmation
of the title to seven thousand acres of land to
William Marvin, as the legal representative
of Bernardo Segui.
The bill then provides that seven thousand
acres of land in the State of Florida, on the
Saint John's river, be confirmed to William
Marvin j and thai all the right, title, .aud.in-
terest of the United States in and to the same
be granted and confirmed unto William Marvin.
Mr. W. R. ROBERTS. I should like to hear
the report in this case.
Mr. McG-REW. Mr. Speaker, this bill is
passed upon an executive communication from
the General Land Office, transmitting-the report
of the commissioners in Florida, and is recom-
mended by the Commissioner of the General
Land Office. I ask that the letter of the Com-
missioner of the General Land Office be read,
as it fully explains all the facts and exhibits
the ground upon which the committee recom-
mend the passage of this bill.
The Clerk read as follows :
Department op the Interior,
General Land Office,
Washington, D. C., May 13,1872.
Sir: As directed by the fourth section of an act
of Congress approved June 22,1860,(12 Stats., 85,)
entitled ,4 An act tor the final adjustment of private
land-claims in the States of Florida, Louisiana, and
Missouri, and for'other purposes,extended by the
act of Congress approved March 2, 1867, (14 Stats.,
p 544.) Ihavo the honor to submit herewith, to be
transmitted to Congress, a report, dated April (5,
1872, by the United States register and receiver at
Tallahassee, Florida, acting as commissioners under
the acts aforesaid, iu which report they recommend
for confirmation the claim of W illiam Marvin under
Bernardo Segui. On the 19th of December, 1815,
Bernardo Sogui, notary public of the town of Fer-
nandina, petitioned Estrada, Spanish governor of
Florida, for a grant ot seven thousand acres of land
on this side of the river St. John's, between the
place called Dunn'& Lake and that known as Horse
Landing, including in said traot of land the place
called Buffalo Bluff. On the 20lh day of the same
month and year a concession issued for the land
petitioned for, and on the 10th of September, 1818,
Don Andres Burgevin, special surveyor of San Au-
gustine, Eaot Florida, certified that, by virtue of
the permission of the proper Spanish authorities, ho
had'markod out tho boundaries of the said soven
thousand acres, "more or less," * * * * "as
is more tuJiy seen by tho annexed plat." (Copy in-
closed.) On the 30th of February, 18J0, Bernardo
Segui and Dionesia, his wife, by mortgage rocordod
February 17,1821, mortgaged the above claim to John
B. Strong, as security ior a certain sum of money;
and on the 12th of May, 1825, at the suit of Strong v*.
Segui and wife, the superior court for East Florida
entered adeeree j>ro conjesao, by which the respond-
ents wore foreclosed and debarred trorn their equity
of redemption in said mortgaged premises, and the
fee simple vested in the complainantunless payment
ot principal, interest, and costs should be made on
or bofore August 6.1825, which payment was not
made, as appears by the certificate, in 1836, of the
clerk of said court. Subsequently the claim was sold
to William Marvin under a judgment obtained at
the suit of Smith (iamard and Julia G-orhain vs. The
Administrators of John B. Strong, as evidenced by
a deed recorded April 14, 1835, (copy herewith,) to
said Marvin from Samuel Blair, United States mar-
shal for tho eastern district of the State of Florida.
The land claimed by present claimant, as shown
by his petition, includes parts of sections twenty-
eight, thirty-three, thirty-four, thirty-fivo, thirty-
six, and thirty-nine, in township ten south of range
twenty-six; sections and parts of sections one, two,
three, eleven, twelve, and thirty-nine, in township
eleven south of range twenty-six east; and parts of
sections five, six, seven, eight, and forty, in town-
ship eleven south of range twenty-seven east; sec-
tions thirty-nine and forty being private grants, as
shown by the map herewith in-closed. Asto the ex-
tent of this claim, the register and receiver, in a
statement accompanying their report, certify that it
includes four thousand and seven and sevonty-two
hundredths acres outside of surveyed private claims;
about two thousand three hundred acres within tho
claim of Joseph H. Hernandez, (section thirty-
nine,) confirmed by the United States Supreme
Court. (8 Peters, page 485,) and about one thousand
three hundred and eighty acres within the bounda-
ries of the claim of John Broward, (section forty,)
also confirmed by the Supreme Court of the United
States, vlO Peters, page 143,) making a total of seven
thousand six hundred and eighty-seven and seventy-
two hundredths acres, or an excess of six hundred
and eighty-seven and seventy-two hundredths acres
over the quantity petitioned for by Segui; and this
excess the register and receiver explain by tho
statement that the Spanish surveyor ".closed upon
tho swamp of Dunn's creek, while the United States
surveyed up to the creek." But it is proper to say
that the estimate of the quantity in this oase is only
approximately correct, and can be accurately de-
termined only by a survey of the lands bytheUnited
States; and further, that the present claimant has
no valid claim to any land outside of the area sur-
veyed by direction of the Spanish authorities, be it
more or less than the number of acres named in the
petition and concession. If, therefore, the surveyor
did not include within tho tract surveyed the land
between the edge of the swamp and the stream called
Dunn's creek, the landthus excluded could not have
been a part of the concession to Segui, and cannot
now be considered in computing the number of acres
to which the present claimant will be entitled, should
his title be confirmed.
This claim was presented to the land commis-
sioners for East Florida, under the act of 8th of
May, 1822, who* in their report submitted to Con-
gress by the Secretary of the Treasury on the 20th
of May, 1824, (American State Papors, D. Green's
edition, vol. 3, p. 644,) recommended it for con-
firmation, and state that the claimants in this
case produced in evidence a memorial and decree
of absolute property from the Government, dated
20th December, 1815, for seven thousand acres of
land, as also a plat and certificate of survey; by
which it appears that in virtue of the decree of the
Cortes of 22d January, 1813. and the royal order of
1815, there was granted to the claimants, in absolute
property, seven thousand acres of land, at the place
set out in the memorial and certificate of survey.
But on 12th of May, 1824, Alexander Hamilton, one
of the commissioners for Florida under the above-
mentioned act of 1828, submitted a report upon the
claims brought before the board, in -which report
certain irregularities in the proceedings of said
bo$rd are pointed out, and the claim of Segui
examined at length, closing with the statement
that a " copy of concession, dated 19th of Decem-
ber, 1815, and certificate of survey, dated 10th
September, 1818, by Andres Burgevin, was the
only evidence exhibited or seen by the commis-
sioners," and upon which they recommended the
olaim for confirmation. (American State Papers,
Green's edition, vol. 3. p. 757.) In January, 1830,
the Secretary of the Treasury submitted to the Sen-
ate another report, dated January, 1829, (American
State Papers, Green's edition, vol. 5, p. 420,) by the
register and receiver, acting as land commissioners
for East Florida, under the act of 23d May, 1828, (4
Statutes, p. 284,) in which appears a list of sixteen
cases, sent back from Washington to the register and
receiver for report, No. 3 of which list is the claim
of Segui. In this report the register and receiver
setforth thatSegui's "grant was made by Estrada to
the claimant on the 20th December, 1815, surveyed by
Burgevin on the 10th September, 1818, and recom-
mended for confirmation on the 20th January, 1824."
Tho seventh section of the act of Congress ap-
proved June 22, 1860, (12 Statutes, p. 85,) enacts:
That whenever any claim is presented for con-
firmation under the provisions of this act, which
has heretofore been presented before any board of
commissioners under authority of Congress, the
taots reported as proven by the former board shall
be taken as true prima facie,- and the evidence
offered before.such former board, and remaining of
record, shall be admitted on the examination of
the claims made under the provisions of this act."
Under this law the favorable reports of the land
commissioners, pursuant to the acts of 1822 and
1828, heretofore mentioned, conclusively establish
the validity of the proceedings before the Spanish
authorities from tho petition to the survey in Segui's
case, unless the facta recited in said reports are
rebutted by equally competent evidence. I am
unable, after a oaretul examination of all the papers
m the case, to find any such rebutting evidence, or
anything approximating thereto, except Alexander
Hamilton's report; and whatever may be the effect
ot that report with respect to the action of his
uocommissioners, it is not, in my opinion, sufficient
to outweigh the subsequent favorable report of the
commissioners under the act of 1828; neither is
it suihcieitt to effectually contradict the favorable
report herewith submitted.
It appearing that the claim of John Bravard, con-
firmed m 1842, (16 Peters, p. 143,) and the claim of
Joseph II. Hernandez, confirmed in 1834.(8 Peters
p. 4So,) interfering with the claim of Bernardo
Segui, originated subsequent to the concession to
Segui; and it also appearing, from the evidence sub-
mitted, that the claim properly acquired by Segui is
now the property of William Marvin, I am of opin-
ion that tho olaim of said William Marvin, under
Bernard Segui, is a good and valid claim for seven
thousand acres olland. I therefore recommend that
it be confirmed. *
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
WILLIS DRUMMOND.
Hon. C. Delano, Commissioner.
Secretary of the Interior, Washington, 1). G.
Mr. HOLMAN. Mr. Speaker, I wish to
inquire whether there is any explanation of
the delay in the confirmation of this title, and
why, if the parties are entitled to the rights
set forth in this report, they have not already
applied to Congress to secure their rights ?
Mr. McGREW.^ The reason is, that the act
under which this is adjudicated provides that
parties shall present their cases to the com-
missioners appointed under tlie act for adju-
dication, which they have done.
Mr. HOLMAN. And their claim has been
rejected?
Mr. McGREW. No, sir; it has not been
rejected. It has been reported by the com-
mission for confirmation to the General Land
Office, and the Commissioner of the General
Land Office reports it to Congress, as provided
for by the act under which this proceeding is
being had. He reports it here for confirma-
tion.
Mr. HOLMAN. I would also ask the gen-
tleman, when was this commission appointed
and when was this report made to the Land
Office?
Mr. McGREW. The report was made quite
recently ; as recently, I think, as the Gth April,
1872.
Mr. HOLMAN. I was not aware of our
having any commission for the settlement oi
land titles in the State of Florida, so late'-as
1872.
Mr. McGREW. If the gentleman from In-
diana will refer to the actof Congress of June,
1860, as extended by the act of March 2,1867,
he will find that that law is still in force. At
the time this claimant made his application for
confirmation of his title to the land claimed,
there existed at Tallahassee, Florida, a com-
mission under and by virtue of the acts of
June 22, 1860, and March 2, 1867, to hear and
decide upon claims of this character; and what
is p roposed is based on a report of theirs to the
Commissioner of the General Land Office.
Mr. HOLMAN. There is just one remain-
ing inquiry which I desire to make. If this
is a valid claim on the Government of Spain,
how does the gentleman explain lhat it should
have failed to be brought before the commission
authorized to deal with the subject until so
late a day, since our Government obtained
control of that territory?
Mr. McGREW. The claim was before the
commission long since, previous to the act of
1860, and was reported for confirmation.
What was the precise reason why it was not
confirmed under that report, I am not pre part d
to say, not having investigated the case very
carefully beyond the recommendation of the
Commissioner of the General Land Office.
Mr. HOLMAN. The commissioner recom-
mends the passage of this bill ?
Mr. McGREW. Certainly.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. McGRE W moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
JOSEPH COFFMAN.
Mr. BARBER, from the Committee on
Private Land Claims, reported back the bill
(H. R. No. 805) to relieve Joseph Coifman,
of Louisiana, and moved that the committee
be discharged fro,m the further consideration
of the same, that it be laid on the table, and
that the report of the committee thereon be
printed.
T he motion was agreed to.
HEIRS OF PURNELIi HOWARD.
Mr. BARBER also, from the same commit-
tee, reported back the bill (H. R. No. 1622) for
the benefit of the lieirs of Purnell Howard,
deceased ; aud moved that the committee be
discharged from the further consideration of
the same, that it be laid on the table, and that
the report of the committee thereon be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
JOHN B. THIBAUI.T. .
Mr. BARBER also, from the same commit-
tee, reported back the bill (H. R. No. 1723)
quieting doubts in relation to the validity of a
certain location of land in the State of Mis-
souri, made by virtue of New Madrid cer-
tificate, numbered three hundred and thirty-
three, issued to John B. Thibault or his lesal
