1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
63
to the Commissioner, and also to the commit-
tee, to be imposing on the majority of the tax-
pa) ors, whenever it is necessary for them to
communicate in person with the officer enforc-
ing the law, a burden that, if it were possible,
consistent with economy and efficiency, should
be avoided in any change that might be
adopted. Then, if you undertake the reduc-
tion proposed in the existing law, it is true
you reduce the number of districts to one
third and you discharge two thirds of the
assess ^rs and collectors and the officers under
them, but you leave this number of officers,
'lhere must be eighty collectors and eighty
assessors, and that makes one hundred and
sixty.
Then the machinery of existing law requires
duties to be performed by an assistant assessor.
There must therefore be an assistant assessor,
which is eighty more, and that makes two hun-
dred and forty. Then every assessor is pro-
vided by law with a chief clerk, and that gives
eighty clerks. A gentleman near me shakes
his head. But the law requires that the as-
sessor shall have a chief clerk. There never
existed, to my knowledge, an assessor without
a clerk, and there is a provision of law for the
Government paying him. So I assume that
unless you change the law or human nature, an
assessor who can have a clerk paid for by the
Government, not out of his own pocket, will
have his clerk. There are thus three hundred
and twenty officers absolutely necessary. Now,
the law requires that the districts shall be
divided, and that there shall be an assistant
assessor in each division. If you should fol-
low the letter of the law, you augment the
assistant assessors by eighty more; and that
is on the assumption that you will have only
just so many, and no more, as the bare, naked
provision ot' the law compels you to have.
You have, therefore, three hundred and
twenty or four hundred officers, just precisely
a= you give the assessor one or more assistant
assessors. Then you have all the cumber-
some machinery of collecting this revenue that
existed when you had a thousand sources of
revenue taxation, when you assessed manufac-
tures ; when you taxed income; when you
searched houses and shops, and when you
dre^r out ot' men's pockets the unwilling con-
tributions of those who deemed it a most
irksome duty to pay even their necessary taxes.
Ail that has passed away, and the existing law
as applicable to these two sources of revenue,
liquors and tobacco, is so simple that there
seems iu its administration to be no oppor-
tunity to escape, and there seems to be now
but little disposition to escape the payment of
the tax imposed by the law as it now stands.
Then, sir, the compensation of the assessor
not only is limited to $4,000, while that of
the collector is limited to $4,500, but the as-
sessor has in addition what the collccter does
not have—he has his office rent paid by the
Government; he has his clerk paid by the Gov-
ernment; he has the necessary expenses of
his establishment paid by the Government, and
the assistantassessor under him is paid five dol-
lars a day, while the deputy collector is paid by
the collector himself, out of his own salary,
limited at $4,500, and the collector pays his
own office rent and all his expenses. The re-
pult of a comparative examination of the ex-
penses which would devolve upon the depart-
ment under this forty-third section, which
must be put in force before the 1st day of
January next, and under this proposed plan,
is a difference in favor of the proposed plan of
between fifteen hundred thousand and two
million dollars.
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. One million
seven hundred thousand dollars.
Mr. DAWES. One million seven hun-
dred thousand dollars. It is hoped that
there will be a saving to the Government
if this bill be adopted over the law previous to
the Oth June, 1872, of $3,000,000; a reduction
in expenditure of $3,000,000 from the law as
it stands at this time. Then over the plan
which is now law, and which must be put in
force on the 1st of January, there is an advan-
tage of $1,700,000.
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. May I ask the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means
a question before he resumes his seat?
Mr. DAWES. I will yield to the gentleman
by and by. At present, my friend from Wis-
consin [Mr. Sawyer] desires me to yield to
him for a moment.
w. w. dantz.
Mr. SAWYER. I send to the Clerk's desk
a telegraphic dispatch which I desire to have
read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Mifflin, Pa., December 5.
A terrible accident occurred on the Pennsylvania
Central railroad, abont fifty iniles west of Harris-
burg. this evening. The second section of the Cin-
cinnati express bound East ran into the rear of the
first section and telescoped two Pullman cars. Five
bodies have been removed from tho d&briz, the vio-
tims being Matthew Knowles and J. W. Bacon, of
Chicago, «nd W. W. Dantz and wife and child, of
Green Lake, Wisconsin. Five other persons were
injured, but not seriously. Every person on the
second train escaped uninjured.
Mr. SAWYER. I offer the following pre-
amble and resolution.
The Clerk read as follows :
Whereas it appears by a telegraphic report that
W. W. Dantz, an employ^ of this House, with his
wife and child, were killed by an accident on the
Pennsylvania railroad yesterday evening, about
fifty miles west of Harrisburg: Therefore,
Resolved. That the Doorkeeper bo directed to de-
tail a messenger to communicate with said Penn-
sylvania ftailroad Company, and to make arrange-
ments to transport the bodies of said Dantz, wife,
and child to his home in Princeton, Wisconsin, for
burial, and that the necessary expenses of such
transportation, including the necessary funeral ex-
penses, be paid out of the contingent fund of the
House.
Mr. SAWYER. Mr. Dantz was a one-
legged soldier from my State. The least we
can do is to send his body home to his friends.
The preamble and resolution were agreed to.
internal rev en uk officers.
The Honse resumed the consideration of the
bill for the reduction of officers and expenses
of the internal revenue.
Mr. DAWES. I now yield to the gentle-
man from Kentucky [Mr. Beck] for a ques-
tion.
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. I merely rose to
request that the chairman of the Committee
of Ways and Means should, before he takes
his seat, cause to be read at the Clerk's desk,
the last page of the report of Mr. Douglass,
as a clear statement of the whole matter, and
which I do not know that many members have
seen.
Mr. DAWES. I desire to add one word
more. This bill, in its original draft, provided
for the appointment of twenty-five additional
Treasury agents. It is proposed by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means to strike out that
clause of the bill. There is nothing in the
bill to authorize the substitution of any new
officer, under a new name, for the discharge
of any of the duties which it is proposed to
take from the assessors of internal revenue.
It is impossible under this bill, as proposed to
be amended, to increase officers under any
other name. It relieves us of about thirteen
hundred assessors and assistant assessors, and
relieves us of the cost of collection of about
$1,800,000 more than it would be possible to
do under any provision of the law now exist-
ing.
The Committee of Ways and Means called
before them every gentleman in the service
whom they supposed would have any expe-
rience that would enable them to throw light
upon the subject; each one of the ex-Commis-
sioners of Internal Revenue, including the
present Secretary of the Treasury, who was
the first of those Commissioners, and who
first inaugurated the whole machinery of the
revenue; then Mr. Orton, and then Mr. Rol-
lins who as Commissioner so long executed
this law. We had also the opinion of the
present Secretary of the Interior, who was
once in that office, and also thatof the present
Commissioner of Internal Revenue. The
committee also summoned before them the
supervisors and such other functionaries dis-
charging duties under this law as they
thought could throw any light on the subject.
They were all decidedly of the opinion that it
was utterly impracticable to enforce the forty -
third section of the law of last session with any
hope of efficiency of service and economy at
the same time such as the present condition of
the internal revenue seemed to demand. They
were also, without exception, of the opinion
that the plan here proposed was the best flint
had occurred to them, or that they had seen,
to keep pace with the reduction of the sources
ofrevenue, and at the same time to keep pace
with economy and a proper reduction of the
number of officials.
This bill does not authorize any increase at
all of the force now in the department. It
throws upon the department here certain
light duties now discharged by the assurors,
and whatever of police regulations or surveil-
lance of the districts shall be necessary—they
are within a very narrow compass—each dis-
trict as they now exist will have one to dis-
charge all those duties; whereas under the
present law, if allowed to go into operation,
that duty would be extended over three times
the territory.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I desire to ask
the gentleman a question. In glancing ovpl-
this bill, which I did not see till this morning,
I do not find in it any provision for the giving
of any new bonds by any of the collectors of
internal revenue. I understand that, it is at
least probably the law that wherever new
duties—duties of a different character—are
devolved upon an existing officer who has yiven
bonds, that devolvement of new and dissimilar
duties discharges the sureties upon his exist-
ing bond. I fear, indeed I think the law is,
at least as held in New York and a number
of other States, that an act devolving new and
dissimilar duties upon collectors ot internal
revenue will discharge the sureties upon their
existing bonds. Hence, I suggest to the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means [Mr.
Dawes] whether it would not be wise to make
a new provision requiring new bonds to be
given.
Mr. DAWES. The committee understand
that there is an existing law authorizing the
taking of new bonds at any time.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. That does not
meet this case. Under the existing law the
sureties cannot be held under existing bonds
of an officer upon whom a new law devolves
new and dissimilar duties.
Mr. DAWES. Of course, if there is any
question about that, it can be remedied by an
amendment. There is no difficulty about the
existing law authorizing the taking of now
bonds for the discharge of new duties.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. It should be
made obligatory, else it will discbarge every
bond now existing.
Mr. DAWES. I will read the law to which
I alluded. It is as follows :
" Sec. 9. And be it further enacted, That before ins
collector shall enter upon the duties of his office, ho
shall execute a bond for such amount as shall bu
prescribed by the Commissioner of Internal Rev-
enue, under the direction of the Secretnry i>f tlio
Treasury, with not less than five sureties to be ap-
proved by the Solicitor of the Treasury, condition^ d
that said collector shall faithfully perform the dutir t
of his office according to law, and shall justly iiiju
faithfully account for and pay over to the Unilii
, States, in compliance with the order or regulations
of the Secretary of the Treasury, all public mone
which may eome into his hands or possessioii; whieii
bond shall be filed in the office of the First Comp-
troller of the Treasury. And such collector sba",
from time to time, renew, strengthen, and incruasu
his official bond, as the Secretary of the Treajury
may direct, with such further conditions as the said
Commissioner shall prescribe."
Mr. SHELLABARGER. That will be all
right if you will make it obligatory.
