64
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 6,
Mr. DAWES. 1 now ask the Clerk to read J
what the Commissioner of Internal Revenue
says in his report on the consolidation of
districts.
The Clerk read as follows :
" The act of June i), 1ST2, required the reduction
of the internal revenue district? in the United States
to not exceeding eighty in number, by uniting two
or more districts into one; and also the reduction of
the minor officers in the service to as small a number
as would be consistent with their limited duties.
Immediately upon the passage of this act general
inquiry for information was made with a view to a
prompt compliance with the law. This inquiry early
developed the opinion of the leading officers in the
service, whose positions rendered them impartial in
the matter, that to consolidate at once would largely
interfere, to the loss of the Government, with the
collection of taxes from assessments under repealed
laws then in the hands of collectors. These collec-
tions could only be made with dispatch and cer-
tainty by those acquainted with the special localities
and circumstances of tax-payers. To avoid a much
greater loss by this untimely disturbance than could
possibly be compensated by the consequent reduced
expenditure, temporary delay was universally ad-
vised and finally determined upon. The interim
was used in pushing to a rapid close the collection
of these balances. The result has justified the pro-
priety of the delay. It was estimated that by the
act of June. 1S72, the whole amount of internal rev-
enue, exclusive of the balances under repealed
laws, would be about #110.000,OOU per annum; while
the actual receipts for the first quarter of the current
fiscal year were at the rate of $135,400,000, showing
several millions of dollars in excess ot the estimated
receipts, and this very considerably from taxes due
under the repealed laws. To have violently taken
the lists containing these evidences of taxation out
ot' the hands of almost every two or three collectors
anil committed them to the care of the remaining
one would have introduced dangerous delay in the
receipts and would probably have caused large loss
at last. The collections have been large, and reflect
great credit upon the officers.
"The act ot'June 6 reduced the dutiesof assessors
and assistant assessors so as to leave but three
things, which could not be done with equal pro-
priety by the collectors and their deputies, two
classes of officers remaining, both numerous and
expensive, for a work that one class could as well
do. The three duties referred to are the assessment
of the deficiency taxes on distillers, an exceptional
tax, only occasionally due, and the data for assess-
ing which is always at hand from daily reports in
this office. The majority of such assessments being
reviewed and readjusted under the present system,
all of them could as readily be certified from this
office to the collectors in the first instance. This
would insure uniformity of adjustment, a thing
almost impossible where two or three hundred un-
associated minds are reading and interpreting law
and regulations. Second, the special or license
taxes, which are collected as a general rule but onee
(May) each year. The special tax certificates can
be issued in books, as are the spirit and tobacco
stamps, and charged to the collectors at their face
value, crediting ttiem (collectors) only with cash or
the unused certificates returned to this office. This
system works admirably in the matter of spirits and
tobacco, and can be very easily adapted to this
other source of revenue. The third and only re-
maining duty with which the collectors might not
be entirely intrusted, is the tax on banks and
bankers. This tax is payable but twice during each
year, and is the sole remaining tai on corpora-
tions.
" The tax upon corporations was at one period all
collected directly by this office at a time when it
extended to railroad, insurance, canal, and turn-
pike companies, in addition to banks and bankers.
The history of this class of taxation shows that when
so collected it was well collected, and the whole
work done by less than fifteen clerks at an average
salary not exceeding .51,400 per annum each. If
fifteen men could collect this tax when it reached
$13,000,000 per annum and embraced five species
under the class, all of them requiring monthly re-
turns, it is not seen why a comparatively smaller
number may not now manage one fifth of the class,
and only yielding, as estimated for the current fiscal
year, $800,000 in all. It further appeared that the
exceptional labor could be done in this office with-
out increasing its force materially, and thus enable
the discharge of the entire body of assessing officers.
Inasmuch as the plan ol reduction under the act of
June 6 only provided absolutely for the reduction
of some two thirds of the principal officers, (four
hundred and sixty in all.) and left the reduction of
the assistants (over thirteen hundred)discretionary,
it seemed to be the better plan to ask Congress to
make the larger reduction, and make that absolute.
It is not an easy matter to put out of commission a
thousand or more officers. Experience has demon-
strated that nothing short of unequivocal, inexora-
ble law can surely do it. Discretion admits of doubt
and suggests delay.
" In view of the great confusion and loss of revenue
anticipated by a general disturbance of the collect-
ing offices; the simplicity and security of a system
which shall have but one class of officers, and those
all ander bonds ; the fact that nothing is left for the
assessing class to do that cannot be done either by
the collectors or this office, and that a saving of
from one to two millions per annum of expense in
salaries, &c., greater than would be effected under
the act of June last, can safely be anticipated, I
have had prepared the outlines of a law which will
give effect to the above idea. This will be presented
to the proper committeesof tho House of Represent-
atives and the Senate immediately upon their assem-
blage in December proximo. If it is the judgment
of Congress that this plan is preferable to that con-
templated by the act of June, I ask their early
adoption of its provisions, that it maybe put into
operation completely by theSOth of June, 1873.
" In preparing the proposed plan I have consulted
freely with the leading officers now in the service,
as well as with many of those who heretofore have
been prominent in it. Without an oxception it has
mot their hearty concurrence. They have com-
mended it with a view to its simplicity, concentra-
tion of responsibility, economy, and the just ex-
pectation ot' the nation that no more officers shall
be retained than are clearly necessary for the due
enforcement of the law. In this recommendation I
have not forgotten that the plan, if accepted by
Congress, will bring personal inconvenience to
many of the ablest and best citizens of tlie_ country
now and for years in the service; and while I ex-
press the tribute of this office to their intelligent,
faithful, and efficient discharge of important duties,
I cannot but suppose that their individual loss will
be largely compensated in the consciousness of a
great public gain."
Mr. L. MYERS. This bill is for the re-
duction of the officers and expenses of the in-
ternal revenue collection, and thus far it must
meet the approval of every member of the
House. But it is for more than that ; it is for
a change in the policy of collecting revenue.
Now, I cannot let the bill pass without a sug-
gestion which I hope may lead to its amend-
ment in one important particular. The bill
provides that the duties now imposed by law
on assessors and assistant assessors shall be
transferred to the collectors of internal rev-
euue. In reducing the number of officers, and
in diminishing the expenses of the Govern-
ment, I do not think it wise policy for us to
take from the Government the ability to select
from among the best men of those now hold-
ing office. The assessors have had more to
do with the administration of theinternal rev-
enue law than the collectors, who have been
chiefly receiving officers, I am not claiming
that the assessors shall be retained in office. I
do not care whether under the new law you
call the officers assessors or collectors ; but I
call attention to the fact th«t should this bill
become a law, immediately all the assessors
are out of office, while the present collectors
are retained, discharging not only their present
duties, but assuming all the others connected
with the collection of internal revenue. Thus
the Government will really be prevented from
selecting from among its best officers.
It may be said that the internal revenue
department may appoint any of the old assess-
ors as collectors, but I submit that this is vir-
tually not the fact, because there is always an
indisposition to turn a man out of office. The
present collectors will become the new officers,
and unless they be turned out—and as a gen-
eral thing they are turned out only for cause—
the Government is deprived of the opportunity
of selecting from among all its best officers
those most suitable to occupy these new posi-
tions ; for the office is in fact an entirely new
one, with additional, if not entirely different,
functions, although it may retain the old name.
My amendment proposes to obviate this diffi-
culty.
The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Shei,i,a-
barger] has well said that the existing law
requires, or should require, these officers to
give new bonds for the performance of these
new functions. Therefore all the trouble
usually attending a new selection will devolve
upon the internal revenue department. Why
should we not provide that not only the
assessors but the collectors, as at present
constituted, shall go out of office, and that
their duties shall devolve on collectors to be
hereafter appointed ? Such a provision will
meet the whole case. It will enable the
internal revenue department to select from
its best officers without giving offense to any
one. It may be assumed that the department
will not turn men out of office-except for
flagrant cause. I venture to say, no matter
where it may hit, that it is certain the assessors
and assistant assessors, many of whom will
be prevented under this bill from becoming
deputies, have had almost the entire admin-
istration of this law in iheir charge for years
and years, and are skilled in its execution.
They have had charge of the assessments of
tobacco and whisky, and understand the law
in regard to those two articles upon which are
levied the greater proportion of our existing
taxes. While I am entirely in favor of col-
lectors being reappointed where they are
competent, I do desire, for the interest of the
Government, that it shall be enabled to select
from its best men. I therefore offer the
amendment which I send to the desk.
Mr. DAWES. That amendment is not in
order at this time.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] allow the
amendment to be offered?
Mr. DAWES. The amendment is not in
order, but I do not object to its being read.
Mr. L. MYERS. 1 do not know that we
are so cramped with business that we should
not attend to the best interests of the Govern-
ment.
The Clerk read as follows the amendment
of Mr. L. Myers :
In line five, after the words "internal revenue,"
insert the words '' and collector of internal revenue
as at present constituted ; " so that the clause will
read: "the offices of assessor and assistant assessor
of internal revenue and collector of internal revenue
as at present constituted shall cease to exist."
In line ten, after the words " collectors ot internal
revenue," insert the words " to be hereafter ap-
pointed."
The SPEAKER. This amendment cannot
be acted on except with the assent of the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes.]
Mr. DAWES. I yield to the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Wood] for five minutes.
Mr. WOOD. I must decline to go on if I
am to be limited to so short a period of time.
Mr. DAWES. How much of my hour have
I left?
The SPEAKER. Twelve minutes.
Mr. DAWES. I cannot yield any more
! than I have indicated.
I Mr. WOOD. Then I must decline to go on.
i Mr. DAWES. I will yield to the gentle-
man from Minnesota [Mr. Dcnkell] for five
minutes.
Mr. DUNNELL. Mr. Speaker, I am un-
able from a reading of this bill to see that
we are really to secure any reduction in the
expenses of the Government if we intend to
provide the full force which the service calls
for. It is provided that the labors which are
now performed by the assessors and assistant
assessors shall be performed by the collectors
or their deputies. Now, it is very evident that
in a large number of districts it will be abso-
lutely impossible for the collector alone to
perform all of the duties necessary for an
j effective collection of the revenues, and that
II the same force, under the collector, will be
| required to perform the duties necessary for a
i faithful collection of the revenues as is now
| required under the present system.
It seems to me that we gain but little by this
law. In my own district there are thirty-two
counties, containing some thirty-two or thirty-
three thousand square miles. There are fifty
brewries in it, and between those situated at
each end of the district it is nearly three hun-
dred miles. There are also ten tobacco estab-
lishments. The law now is that each of the
brewries and each of the tobacco establishments
shall be visited onceeach month. Here there
are sixty establishments to be visited, each one
once a month, making seven hundred and
twenty visits. How are these seven hundred
and twenty visits in that district to be made ?
They are now made by the assistant assessors,
and they are necessary to the faithful and effi-
cient supervision of the work. Without that
supervision the revenue falls off at once; for
just in proportion as we cut down this local
supervising force, just in that ratio we cut
down the amounts collected.
The gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
