1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1989
the Committee on Military Affairs, reported
back the revised Army regulations, which
were ordered to be printed and recommitted.
pkuemptors in minnesota and dakota.
Mr. DUNNELL, from the Committee on the
Public Lands, by unanimous consent, reported
back House bill No. 3975, to extend the time
for two years to all preemptors on the public
lands in the State of Minnesota and the Ter-
ritory of Dakota to make final payment of
the same.
, The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill, which was read, provides for grant-
ing to all preemptors on the public lands in
the State of Minnesota and the Territory of
Dakota the period of two years beyond the
time now allowed by law in which to make
final payment of the same.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it
was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. DUNNELL moved to reconsider the
vote by which .the bill was passed ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
brass kettles.
Mr. KELOGG. I call up the motion to
reconsider the vote by which the House refused
to order to a third reading Senate bill No.
1152, for the relief of Hiram W. Hayden.
The preamble of the bill sets forth that on
the 16th day of December, in the year 1851,
letters-patents of the United States were
granted to Hiram W. Hayden for machinery
for making kettles and articles of like char-
acter from disks of metal, which were extended
by the Commissioner of Patents, and were
afterward, on the 13th day of February, in the
year 1866, reissued to the said Hayden, and
were afterward, on the 24th day of May, in
the year 1870, surrendered and reissued to the
Waterbury Brass Company, as assignees of
the said Hiram W. Hayden, in two divisions,
numbered, respectively, 3995, and 3996, and
which will expire on the ICth day of Decem-
ber, in the year 1872; and also that it appears
that the said inventions and machinery of the
said Hiram W. Hayden are novel, and that he
is the original and first inventor thereof, and
that the same are of great value and import-
ance to the public, and that the said Hiram
W. Hayden has received no adequate reward
for the service conferred on the public by said
invention.
The bill provides that the said letters-patent,
as -reissued May 21, 1870, shall be extended
for the term of seven years, from the 16th day
of December, 1872, to the said Hiram W.
Hayden, his heirs and legal representatives;
and directs the Commissioner of Patents, upon
the presentation of said letters-patent and the
payment of the fees and charges provided by
law, to make a certificate of this extension on
the said letters-patent, or on a certified copy
thereof, and to cause this extension to be re-
corded in the records of the Patent Office.
Mr. H1BBARD. I move to lay the motion
on the table.
Mr. KELLOGG. I hope the gentleman will
withdraw that motion.
Mr. H1BBARD. I do not withdraw it.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
39, noes 51.
Mr. HIBBARD demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Hibbard and
Mr. Kellogg were appointed.
i he House again divided; and the tellers
reported—aves 42, noes 82.
So the liouae refused to lay the motion to
reconsider on the t-ible.
Tlie question then recurred on the motion
to reoom'ider, and it was sigreed to.
Tne bill was then ordered to be read a third
time; and it was accordingly read the third
fnn£, an'i) paSsOii.
Mr. KELLOGG- moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
central pacific railroad.
Mr. WILSON, of Indiana, from the select
committee of which he is chairman, reported
a bill (BL R. No. 4060) to provide for securing
the interest of the United States and the pub-
lic in the Central Pacific Railroad Company,
and for other purposes ; which was read a first
and second time, ordered to be printed, and
recommitted.
union pacific railroad company.
Mr. WILSON, of Indiana, from the same
committee, submitted the following resolu-
tion:
Revolved, (the Senate concurring,) That there be
printed ten thousand copies of the report of th e tes-
timony of the Select Committee on the Union Pacific
Railroad. Company, and Credit Mobilicr, of which
Mr. Wilson", of Indiana, is chairman, seven thou-
sand tor the use of the House, and three thousand
for the use of the Senate.
The resolution, under the law, was referred
to the Committee on Printing.
report os indian affairs.
Mr. BEATTY, from the Committee on Print-
ing, submitted the following resolution ; which
was read, considered, and agreed to :
Resolved, (the Senate concurring,) That there bo
printed, without the accompanying papers, ten
thousand copies of tho annual report of the Com-
missioner on Indian Affairs, seven thousand of which
shall be for the use of the House, and three thou-
sand for the use of the Senate.
Mr. BEATTY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
southern oregon collection district.
Mr. SLATER, by unanimous consent, called
up Senate bill 1483, creating the collection
district of southern Oregon ; which was read
a first and second time.
The bill, which was read, in the first section
provides that all the ports, harbors, bays, rivers,
and waters of the mainland of all that portion
of the State of Oregon lying south and east of
the north bank of the Siuslaw river shall con-
stitute a collection district by'the name of the
southern collection district of Oregon ; and a
port of entry shall be, and hereby is, estab-
lished for said district at Coos bay, in Coos
county, of said State; and a collector of cus-
toms shall be appointed by the President of
the United States, by and with the advice and
consent of the Senate, to reside at Empire
City.
The second section provides that ports of
delivery shall be, and are hereby, established
in the collection district aforesaid, at Ellins-
burgh, at the mouth of Rogue river, Port
Orford, and at Gardner on the Ompqua river;
and the collector of customs of said district is
hereby authorized to appoint, with the appro-
bation of the Secretary of the Treasury, three
deputy collectors, to be stationed at the ports
of delivery aforesaid.
The third section provides that the collector
of said district shall be allowed a compensa-
tion of $l,000per annum, with the fees allowed
by law, and a commission on all customs money
collccted and accounted for by him, such sal-
ary, fees, and commissions not to exceed the
sum of $3,000 per annum; and said deputy
collectors shall each be allowed a compensa-
tion of $1,000 per. annum.
The bill was ordered to be read a third
time; and it was accordingly reau the third
time, and passed.
Mr. SLATER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
' that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
f table. , ...
I Tlife latffer tribtfbft was 'agreed tb.
texas pacific railroad company.
Mr.' WHEBLERt by unanimous consent,
called up a bill (S. No. 1425) supplemental to
an act entitled' 'An act to incorporate the Texas
Pacific Railroad Company, and to aid in the
construction of its road, and for other pur-
poses," approved March 3*, 1871; which was
read a first and second time.
The bill, which was read, provides that the
face value of all bonds hereafter issued by the
Texas and Pacific Railroad Company, under
the provisions ofanactapproved March 3, 1871,
shall, at the option of the company, be either
in gold or other lawfnl money of the United
States, bearing interest, at like option of the
company, either in gold or other .lawful money
of the United States; and any mortgage here-
tofore executed by said company, securing
bonds payable in any lawful money of the Uni-
ted States, other than gold, and the bonds re-
cited therein," and to secure which said mort-
gage was given, are hereby legalized; and said
mortgage and bonds shall have the same effect
as though they had been authorized by the act
to which this is a supplement; provided
that in all other repects the requirements of
that law in regard to such mortgage and bonds
have been fully complied with.
Mr. WHEELER. That bill has been before
the Committee on the Pacific Railroad and
has the unanimous approval of that committee.
Mr. HOLMAN. Has this bill been printed?
Mr. WHEELER. I do not know. It is
taken now from the Speaker's table. It simply
authorizes the Texas Pacific Railroad Com-
pany to issue currency bonds instead of tfoin
bonds, as the original act of incorporation
contemplated. The company supposed it had
the right to issue currency bonds. It had the
bonds printed and the mortgage executed.
But it has never yet issued a bond, because
the counsel of the company has expressed a
doubt whether, under the original act, the com-
pany has the right to issue currency bonds. No
possible harm can result from the measure,
because if the public will not purchase cur-
rency bonds of course the company will be
driven to issue coin bonds.
Mr. HOLMAN. As this bill has not been
printed, I ask that it be read again.
The bill was again read.
Mr. HOLMAN. This seems to be an inno-
cent measure; I do not object to it.
The bill was ordered to be read a third
time ; and it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. WHEELER moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
revision of the latvs.
Mr. BUTLER of Massachusetts. I desire
to report for consideration at the present time
a bill which has the unanimous approval of
the Committee on the Revision of the Laws.
It is a bill (H. R. No. 4061) to provide for
the preparation and presentation to Congress
of the revission of the laws of the United
States, consolidating the laws relating to
post roads and a code relating to military
offenses and the revision of treaties with the
Indian tribes now m force.
The bill was read. It provides that a com-
mittee of three members of the House Com-
mittee on Revision of the Laws of the United
States, with a committee on the part of the
Senate, shall be authorized to accept on the
part of Congress, by resolution, to be filed in
the Department of Justice, the draft of revision
of the laws of the United Slates, prepared by
the commissioners to revise the statutes, so far
as the same has been reported by them, or
may hereafter be reported by them, at the
expiration of the time designated for perform-
ing that service, (May 4, 1878,) and to dis-
charge the eomsnissioners; after; which all acta
tad {farts bf acts declaring the dnties, powers,
