1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1029
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Because,
as I have stated already, she fought the year
before there all alone, which was the begin-
ning of the trouble.
Mr. DAWES. We are going into a general
liquidation ?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Yes, sir;
going into a general liquidation of what we
justly owe on this account. Well, sir, when
tbe British admiral wrote home to his Govern-
ment, as appears in the diplomatic correspond-
ence, he recommended the order of Knight
Companion of the Bath as a recognition of the
gallantry of Lieutenant Commander Pearson,
and the British Government tendered that
decoration to Lieutenant Commander Pearson
for his gallant services on that occasion.
Mr. ARCHER. As the morning hour is
about to expire^ I will move the previous
question, and, if it is seconded, will then yield
to the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
btrtleft] a little further. I move the previous
question in order to keep the bill within the
control of the House.
The question being put on seconding the
previous question, there were—ayes seventy-
three, noes not counted.
So the previous question was seconded and
the main question was ordered.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from
Maryland [Mr. Archer] is entitled to tbe
floor for one hour.
Mr. ARCHER. I again yield to the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Butler.]
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I was
about saying that the British Government sent
Lieutenant Commander Pearson the order of
the Bath, but under our Constitution he can
receive no foreign order or decoration with-
out consent of Congress.
Now, there were three installments of this
indemnity, amounting to §600,000 in gold,
which we received, and one more unpaid.
And we passed a bill here last session in order
to please the Japanese, because they were
here, giving good dinners and otherwise I
suppose to give them back all that was not
paid. And they may found that college out of
sums so received, to which my friend from
Vermont [Mr. Willard] can send his chil-
dren and the children of all his constituents
away over to Japan.
Mr. WILLARD. And yours too.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Yes, and
mine too, if they want to go. Well, sir, we
gave them back the remaining installment,
amounting now to nearly a million in gold,
to found a college or do what they please with,
so far as we are concerned. We passed that
bill, but I have not heard anything of the col-
lege being ready or even begun. And now,
while we have the remainder of this sum in
the Treasury, that is, under the control of the
State Department, lying in registered bonds,
amounting now with accumulated interest to
about $880,000-—-
Mr. WILLARD. I understood the gentle-
mau to say that we gave back $1,200,000.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. We gave
back the last two installments.
Mr. WILLARD. That is about $300,000.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I spoke
of the two last installments whatever they
were. And now come our sailors and say you
gave to Decatur, when he cut out the Phila-
delphia at Tripoli, you have given to all the
gallaut acts of our Navy some reward, some
recognition for gallantry in action. Why
should we have none? We should have as of
right as prize money much more than this bill
gives, if there had happened to be a state of
belligerency there ; that is, if this rebel prince
had been acknowledged as a ruler by any Gov-
ernment: but this action not being iu war, we
cannot claim it as prize, we cannot claim it as
bounty. Under existing laws, therefore, we
have come to Congress to ask for ourselves
the same consideration as if we had fought
and risked our lives in a battle in a recognized ,
war. _ And they ask Congress before you give
it, this money which we won, back to educate
the unknown Japanese youth, give a little to
educate the orphans of the sailors who lost
their lives in those engagements. Let our
charity begin at home.
Now we have this condition of things: these
sailors ask only one eighth part of what we
have got left.
Mr. ARCHER. Not one half the interest.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. As tbe
gentleman says, not one half the interest. The
gentleman from Vermont tells us that we gave
no sufficient value for - this great sum. Well,
sir, when I can coin the blood of my fellow
citizens shed on tbe ocean in sustaining our
flag before the eyes of the British, French,
and Dutch against semi-barbarians under
great odds, into dollars, and reckon the worth
of each drop in money, I will agree to a cal-
culation of the value we gave for this indemnity,
but not until then.
Mr. DONNAN. Has the morning hour
expired ?
The SPEAKER. It has ; but the previous
question is operating and the gentleman from
Maryland is entitled to one hour to close
debate.
Mr. WOOD. I desire to ask the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Butles] a question.
Thegentleman has had something to say about
the poor sailors who manned this ship some
ten years ago ; who represents them around
this Capitol?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Let me
tell you. The bill provides that this money
shall go to the sailor himself, or in case of his
death to his legal representatives, and that it
shall in no case go to any assignee.
Mr. WOOD. His legal representative may
be his attorney?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Pardon
me ; the gentleman evidently has not listened
to the reading of the bill.
Mr. WOOD. I take the gentleman's an-
swer to my question ; he says the money may
be paid to the legal representative of a de-
ceased sailor.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Other
than an assignee.
Mr. WOOD. His legal representative may
be an attorney here about the Capitol.
Mr. ARCHER. I have been a member of
the Committee on Naval Affairs during two
Congresses when this claim has been before it,
and the only person who has ever appeared in
behalf of these people was the widow of one
of the officers who was on board this vessel.
She is the only human being I have ever seen
who has advocated tbe passage of this bill, and
she has worn herself out iu pressing it. She
lives right near the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Wood,] in the city of Brooklyn.
Mr. W. R. ROBERTS. There is no dis-
tinction between the legal representative of a
party and the assignee. Why not modify the
bill so as to provide that the money shall go,
in case of the decease of tbe sailor, to the
next of kin or the heir.
Mr. ARCHER. The committee instructed
me to report the bill in this form, and we were
careful to guard it so that no assignee or claims
agent could receive the money.
_ Mr. W. R. ROBERTS. I am in favor of
giving this money to tbe parties who actually
fought; I think they are entitled to it.
Mr. ARCHER. Those are the very per-
sons to whom the bill gives it.
Mr. W. R. ROBERTS. But we ought to
provide that the money shall go to the heirs,
and not to legal representatives of deceased
sailors.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. The bill
provides that it shall go to their heirs, and not
to any assignee.
Mr. ARCHER. The bill is expressly guarded
in that respect. I now yield for five minutes
to the gentleman from Connecticut, [Mr.
Hawley.]
Mr. HAWLEY, of Connecticut. I did not
desire to say anything concerning this bill, but
I am inclined to think that we have not the
whole case yet before us. I should like to
know what has been usual in cases of this
kmd. I would be glad to know whether the
officers and men of vessels of the United States
engaged in these chance encounters in time of
peace in Japanese and Chinese waters have
been in the habit of claiming and receiving
prize money. I should like to know also—it
is a very proper inquiry, which has been made
previously on this floor—whether the Navy
Department approves of this bill or desires
that reward of this kind, or this particular re-
ward, shall be paid. I think it is an extremely
proper question for the Navy Department, and
I should like to know if they recommend it. I
do not desire to do injustice to any man's mo-
tives, but I confess that it looks to me that the
demand for this money is made because the
money is there and on hand.
Now, many years elasped without anybody
knowing that there was any other claim upon
this fund than that referred to in a report from
the Committee on Foreign Affairs. That re-
port, which I hold in my hand, says that
not over $42,000 can be figured up as the
full amount of proper damages. These four
Powers united in this assault on the rebel
force in Japan, and the Japanese Government
paid this immense sum for the damages suf-
fered, and the expenses incurred by the united
Powers in this attack. We have now in our
hands a balance remaining of $880,000,
although the report of the Committee on For-
eign Affairs of this House says that our whole
expenses and the the total damages suffered
by us together amount to only about $40,000.
I have seen another report, I cannot now tell
where it was, that figures up the entire dam-
ages and expenses sustained by the United
States at a trifle over $19,000. That sum is
arrived at by taking into account the money
paid for the chartered steamer Ta Kiang, and
the expense of the powder and shot used in
the fight. In that way the sum of $19,000 is
made up.
Mr. ARCHER. How much do they value
the men who were killed ?
Mr. HAWLEY, of Connecticut. I am not
talking about that now; I will come to it be-
fore I get through.
The total expenditure upon which the claim
was made upon the Japanese Government
amounted to $19,000. For this we ha?e re-
ceived the sum of $880,000. That money is
in the hands of the Secretary of State, not
covered into the Treasury. And I give notice
of what every man of experience and obser-
vation knows, that so long as that fund re-
mains in the hands of the Secretary of State
there will be claims presented every session,
the century through, until that money is in
some way exhausted.
Therefore it is, that for one, I have been
in favor of repaying that $880,000 to the
Japanese Government, and setting an exam-
ple such as I am sorry to say is very seldom
set by the Governments of the world. I pre-
sented the other day numerous petitions from
the leading colleges of this country, sigued by
four hundred and fifty educated, intelligent,
aud able men, who have examined this case
and know something about it. They ask that
this money shall be returned to Japan, in
order that we may establish better relations
with that country, and for the honor of this
country in all particulars.
Now I will add this: if it be in accordance
with the uniform usage of our Government, if
there be precedents for this case, and the
Navy Department says that it will be simple
justice and that onlyto give this prize money
over to the officers and crew of this vessel, I
will not object to it.
We have already pensioned all the people
who suffered there any injury to life and limb.
I know I could be as eloquent, with my lim-
