1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
65
Dawes] says this is an unpopular method of
getting money. It is an unpopular method,
and for that reason men are not to volunteer
its payment. The parties compelled to pay it
are not in all cases to find their way to the
collector of the district unless they are watched
and unless their establishments are visited
every month.
I cannot see that we gain anything by sub-
stituting the word "collector" for the word
"assessor." So much work is needed now.
It is performed by the assistant assessor, and
to abolish the office of assessor the collector
or deputy collector must do it.
It is said the assessor now receives five dol-
lars a day. These seven hundred and twenty
visits are to be performed. On the frontier of
the country, not more than one each day can
be performed. The collector must have as
many deputies as the assessor has assistants.
In my district the assessor has five assistants.
In some of the subdistricts there are eight, ten,
or twelve counties. Iu such subdistricts the
assistant assessors do not average more than
$700 a year.
I had intended to say something in regard to
the twenty first and twenty-second lines on
page 6, but I understand the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means proposes to
strike out those two lines, and hence what I
was intending to say on that matter need not
be said at this time. I did wonder what was
to be done with these agents, where they were
to come in ; but as they are allowed to drop
out, of course I will say nothing more.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. DAWES. I will answer all the gentle-
man has said about the necessity of having
assistant assessors visiting his tobacco estab-
lishments by saying this: it is known that dep-
uties of the collectors can discharge that duty
as well as collecting the revenue; and as each
collector pays his own deputies, it is therefore
so much saved. If they have to go three hun-
drt d miles now in the present district of the
gentleman to visit the tobacco establishments
i iiere, what will it be when the districts are
< unsolitlated as the existing law requires?
Mr. WOOD. As the time of the gentleman
horn Massachusetts is out, I propose to take
the floor myself.
The SPEAKER. The time of the gentle-
man from Massachusetts has not yet expired.
Mr. DAWES. I do not desire to cut off
any debate. I should like to have my friend
from New York confine the debate to the sub-
ject under consideration, and not let it run
off into other subjects.
Mr. WOOD. I shall confine myself to the
bill, and do not myself expect to detain the
House very long.
Mr. DAWES. I wish to get through with
the bill to-day.
Mr. WOOD. Mr. Speaker, I am very sore
our distinguished chairman ot the Committee
of Way8 and Means [Mr. Daweb] means well
by the introduction of this bill, and hopes to
make the services of the Government cost as
the least possible expense. Therefore, the
criticism I propose to offer to this bill is this,
and I make it with entire sincerity, that the
bill reported by the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts does not accomplish the purpose ex-
pected from it. 1 am puzzled indeed to know
whether this is a measure of economy or not.
I must say that after a careful examination
of the bill, and after an attentive listening to
the remarks of the chairman of the Committee
of Ways aad Means, I am very much puzzled
and I cannot see exactly where the economy
and the reform come in.
The bill substantially is this: it proposes to
abolish the office of assessor and assistant
assessor connected with the Internal Revenue
Bureau and to transfer the duties now imposed
by law upon those officers to the Commissioner
of Internal Revenue and to the collectors.
Therefore, all the expense which it proposes
to do away with, as I understand it, is the sal-
42d Cong. 3d Sess.—No. 5.
aries now paid by the Government to the
assessors and assistant assessors.
Further, while in terms the assessors are to
be abolished, the very first section declares
that that occurs only when their terms of
office shall have expfcied. Some of them have
been appointed within the last sixty days, and
if it be the ease that they are entitled to a four
years' term, many of these assessors, whose
offices according to the face of this bill are to
be abolished, may continue in office indefi-
nitely for periods from three and a half years
down to twenty days.
But the bill goes farther. It proposes to
increase the number of collectors from eighty,
the number under the law of last spring, to an
indefinite number. The Commissioner of In-
ternal Revenue under this bill is permitted to
appoint just as many collectors of internal
revenue to discharge the duties imposed upon
them by this law as in his judgment and dis-
cretion may seem proper.
Mr. DAWES. Will the gentleman yield to
me for a moment ?
Mr. WOOD. Certainly.
Mr. DAWBS. The gentleman will allow
me to remark to him that there can be but one
collector in a district. Then there is a stand-
ing law which authorises the President at his
discretion to consolidate the districts. That
is still left the law of the land, so that if the
President in the discharge of his duty shall
consolidate the present districts the number
will be reduced. But there can never be more
than one collector in each district.
Mr. WOOD. I am aware that that provision
exists in the present law with reference to the
allotment of collectors in each congressional
district of the country. But in the present
bill it is not so declared, and I am quite sure
that under a fair construction of this law, the
Commissioner might increase the number ad
infinitum.
Mr. DAWES. There are many things in
the law which are not recited in this bill. It
would be made very voluminous were it to
recite the whole of the existing law.
Mr. WOOD. If we had more care in fram-
ing our bills we would not be called upon to
amend them so repeatedly. The gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] championed
through the bill which he now proposes to
repeal. The measure bringing the number
of collectors down to eighty was the bill of
thrtt gentleman, and yet be now produces a
document from the Commissioner in which
he declares that law to be entirely inoperative,
because it is impracticable to make that re-
duction. Therefore I say, if the present and
other bills were more maturely considered, if
we guarded against every doubt of construc-
tion, if we took all proper care iu our enact-
ments, we would not be called upon to repeal
them so repeatedly, aud to be amending them
all the while.
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. Will my friend
from New York allow me to make a single
remark in the way of explanation ?
Mr. WOOD. Certainly.
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. One of the diffi-
culties suggested by the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Wood] is in regard to the pro-
vision of the bill that these officers, upon the
expiration of their terms of office respectively,
shall go out of office. The gentleman will
please observe that, with the amendment pre-
sented by the Committee of Ways and Means,
the bill provides that on the 1st day of July,
1873, or at such time prior thereto as the
Commissioner of Internal Revenue shall find
practicable, the offices of assessors and assist-
ant assessors of internal revenue shall cease
to exist; the meaning of which necessarily is,
that the terms of office by this law must expire
on the 1st day of July next, and they may
expire before that day if the Commissioner
can possibly so arange it.
Mr. WOOD. Or, in other words, I answer
my friend from Kentucky, the power to dis-
miss these officers is left altogether discretion-
ary with the head of the bureau.
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. Up to the 1st
day of July next, but he must have them all
dismissed by that time.
Mr. WOOD. Well, Mr. Speaker, to show
you I am not entirely wrong in my apprehen-
sion on this question, I call attention to the
fact that in the amount of the moneys which
the Commissioner has asked Congress to ap-
propriate for his bureau he has included the
salaries of all these officers whose offices he
now asks you to abolish. And, what is a very
singular fact in view of this proposed ostensi-
ble reform, the Commissioner of Internal Rev-
enue asks for more money for the fiscal year
ending 30th June, 1874, than has ever been
expended before in that department.
We have upon our table, sir, the legislative,
executive, and judicial appropriation bill, re-
ported from the Committee on Approria-
tions. We find there that it is proposed
to appropriate for the office of the Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue in this city $354,-
140, as against a sum last year of $363,740.
And as directly applicable to this question
of salaries, it is proposed to appropriate
$5,600,000 for the salaries to be paid iu the
internal revenue department of this country,
as against $4,700,000 appropriated for that
purpose last year. Then where comes in the
economy, where comes in the proposed re-
form in the expenditures of that department,
when we are asked to appropriate nearly
$1,000,000 more for the fiscal year ending
June 30, 1874, than we appropriated for the
fiscal year ending June 30, 1873 7
It appears to me very extraordinary, in
view of the professions of reform which were
made by gentlemen all over this country, that
we are offered this measure, that this is to be
held up to the country as an evidence of the
i sincerity of gentlemen who have upon the
1 stump and elsewhere told us that they intended
j to initiate a reform of the expenditures of
this Government. I hold that the measure of
reform which we require is to abolish entirely
, the internal revenue system of this country.
I We know now that the amount of duties col-
li lected upon importations of foreign goods is
i far in excess of the amount that the Secretary
j| of the Treasury says he requires for the next
1 fiscal year. Indeed our importations yield
revenue enough to leave an excess over the
expenses of the Government and the amount
required by law to be devoted to the payment
of the public debt. Then why should we con-
1 tinue this iifternal revenue system any longer?
We all know that system came into existence
| as a result of war. We know there was a time
when the nation required the collection of an
enormous amount of money, and the imposi-
tion of extraordinary burdens upon the peo-
ple. That time expired eight years ago ; when
the war ceased the necessity for these extra-
ordinary burdens ceased with it. I say with
all sincerity that if the chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, if the Secretary
of the Treasury, if the President of the Uni-
ted States, if the majority of both Houses of
Congress, if the party in power honestly and
earnestly and sincerely desired to promote
reform, then they should abolish these extra-
ordinary burdens imposed upon the people;
they should abolish entirely the internal rev-
enue system, and cut off the large amount now
necessary for its administration.
At any rate, so far as this bill is concerned,
I do not see any material economy in it. I do
see that we are to increase the collectors of
internal revenue from eighty, as now provided
by law, to from two hundred and forty to three
hundred. And I see more, that we are asked
to appropriate $1,000,000 more for the salaries
of the officers of that department for the next
fiscal year than we appropriated for that pur-
pose for the present fiscal year.
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. I can tell the
gentleman how that is.
