1990
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
rights, and privileges of the commissioners,
are to be repealed. But nothing herein con-
tained is to be construed as an approval or
adoption by Congress of any part of the work
of the commission.
The second section provides that the House
Committee on Revision of the Laws of the
United States, together with such committee as
the Senate may appoint upon the subject, shall
be authorized to contract with same suitable
person or persons learned jn the law to prepare
a bill revising and embodying in one act all the
laws authorizing post roads in force at the ex-
piration of the present session of Congress,
and also to prepare a bill codifying and regu-
lating the laws in regard to military offenses,
according to the recommendation made by the
President of the United States in his annual
message communicated to Congress at the
present session, and also to prepare a revision
of all Indian treaties now in force as laws.
The third section authorizes the same com-
mittee to contract with some suitable person
or persons to prepare under the supervision
of the committee, and subject to such regula-
tions as they may prescribe, the revision of
tbe statutes already reported by the com-
missioners, or which may be reported before
the 4th of May, 1873, in the form of a bill, to
be presented at the opening of the session of
Congress in December next, embodying all
the laws so revised and the bills land provisions
herein provided for, together with proper in-
dices, so that the same may be in form to be
acted on forthwith by Congress.
The fourth section authorizes the same com-
mittee to have such revisions and bills printed
by the Congressional Printer fj-om time to time
uniformly with the revision already reported ;
and also to distribute them, and also the con-
solidation and codification of the postal and
military laws and treaties herein provided for
to members of Congress and others competent
to judge of their merits in order for their cor-
rection by such persons.
The fifth section provides that any moneys
appropriated for the payment of the work
herein provided for shall be disbursed by the
Department of Justice from time to time, only
in so far as that Department shall be satisfied
that the work has been well and faithfully per-
formed and as said Department shall be sat-
isfied that the work will be fully done and com-
pleted by the commencement of'the session of
Congress in December next.
Mr. HOLMAN. This bill has not been
printed, I believe.
The SPEAKER. It has not.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. This is
the unanimous report of the Committee on
the Revision of the Laws.
Mr. HOLMAN. Is there any necessity for
this baste ?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. This is
to provide for keeping the work running after
the commission expires, and to have it
finished, with indexes, so that it may be laid
before the next Congress.
Mr. HOLMAN. Next session is the long
session of Congress, and there will be ample
time for all those duties.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. The ob-
ject of this is to have those duties performed
and the bill finished and printed, that it may
be ready to be laid before Congress.
Mr. HOLMAN. That may be performed
very properly by the commissioners.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. We have
considered this matter with great care, and
every member of the Committee on the Re-
vision of the Laws of the United States has
agreed to this bill. The commission will ex-
pire in May, and unless this arrangement is
.made the whole work will be lost.
Mr. COX. I hope the gentleman from In-
diana [Mr. Holman] will not object. I have
made objections here during the last four or
five years in regard to the dilatoriness of this
commission; but I am satisfied that during the
last year they have worked well for tbeir sala-
ries ; and now that they have nearly completed
their work, I hope we will allow them to go on
and finish it in a way creditable to themselves
and to the country.
Mr. HOLMAN. Thatis not the proposition.
The proposition is to discharge the commission
in May and transfer their duties to five gen-
tlemen, two of the Senate and three of the
House, with authority to employ other persons
in" the work.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. The
work authorized is merely clerical; that is
all. I move that the bill be put on its passage.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was
passed; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
loyal indians.
Mr. BOLES. I ask unanimous consent to
report back from the Committee on Indian
Affairs, with the recommendation that it do
pass, the bill (H. B. No. 2296) to amend an
act entitled "An act making appropriations
for the year ending June 30, 1872."
The bill was read. It extends the provisions
of sections two, three, four, five, and six: of an
act entitled "An act making appropriations
for the support of the Army for the year end-
ing June 30, 1872," approved March 3,1871,
to all such Indians of the Indian territory as
remained loyal adherents to the cause of the
Government of the United States during the
late war for the suppression of the rebellion.
Mr. HOLMAN. This bill does not explain
itself. I should like to hear some explanation
of it.
Mr. BOLES. There is a report accompany-
ing the bill which may be read if the gentleman
desires to hear it.
Mr. HOLMAN. I should like to hear it
read.
Mr. BOLES. I may state to the gentleman
from Indiana that this extends the jurisdiction
of the southern claims commission over the
Indian territory and puts the loyal Indians of
that territory upon the same footing as the
loyal citizens of the South, enabling them to
present their claims to the southern claims
commission. It is the unanimous report of
the Committee on Indian Affairs.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. BOLES moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
bridge across the missouri river
Mr. NEGLEY. I ask unanimous consent
to report back from the Committee on Com-
merce, with the recommendation that it do
pass, the bill (S. No. 1079) authorizing the
construction of a bridge across the Missouri
river, at or near Lexington, in the State of
Missouri, and to establish it as a post road.
The SPEAKER. The bill will be read.
Mr. NEGLEY. The provisions of the hill
are substantially identical with all the similar
bills which have been recommended by the
Committee on Commerce.
The bill was read.
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. I desire to make
a parliamentary inquiry. I would inquire of
the Chair what is the regular order of business?
The SPEAKER. The regular order is the
suspension of the rules.
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. So that this bill
is now the regular order.
The SPEAKER. It is the regular order.
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. I had supposed
that the chairman of the Committee on Appro-
priations intended to pass the deficiency bill.
If the gentleman does not intend to go on with
it, let us know it.
The SPEAKER. The Chair hears no ob-
jection to the bill reported by the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Nbolbt,]
There was no objection, and the bill was
ordered to a third reading; and it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. NEGLEY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
disbursing agents.
Mr. E. H. ROBERTS. I ask unanimous
consent that the bill (S. No. 1312) authorizing
deputy collectors and other officers of the
customs to act as disbursing agents in certain
cases be taken from the Speaker's table l'or
present consideration.
There was no objection, and the bill was
taken from the Speaker's table and read a
first and second time.
The bill was read. It provides that in case
of the sickness or unavoidable 'absence of any
collector or surveyor of customs from his office,
he may, with the approval of the Secretary
of the Treasury, authorize some secretary or
clerk to act in his place, and discharge all his
duties as a disbursing agent of the Govern-
ment, provided that the bond given by the
principal shall be held to apply to the acts of
the person appointed to act in his place.
Mr. HOLMAN. If the deficiency bill is the
regular order 1 call for the regular order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York who reports this bill can explain it.
Mr. JE. H. ROBERTS. The passage of
this bill is recommended by the Committee of
Ways and Means. I have a letter in my hand
from the Secretary of the Treasury, urging the
passage of this bill as necessary to the public
service. There can be no objection to it. It
simply allows the appointment of a substitute
in case of the illness or absence of a collector
or surveyor.
The letter of the Secretary of the Treasury
is as follows:
Treasury Dkpartment.
Washington, D. C., December 20,1872.
Silt: The First Comptroller of the Treasury having
decider! that collectors antl surveyors of customs
connot under any circumstances be represented in
the discharge of tbeir duties as disbursing agents by
any of their .subordinates, under existing laws the
disbursements reauired to be made by such officers
and which arc absoletely necessary for the proper
conduct of the public business are necessarily de-
layed whenever through sickness or other cause any
of said collectors or surveyors are obliged to be
temporarily absent from their offices.
As this delay is productive of mu-eh embarrirss-
ment to the Department and interferes greatly in the
proper and prompt discharge of the customs busi-
ness, besides ofttiines causing great hardship to
public creditors, I have prepared and herewith
enclose draft of a bill designed to remedy this defect,
and I will thank you, should it meet your approval,
to have it brought to the attention of Congress as
soon as practicable with a view of its speedy enact-
ment into a law.
Very respectfully, GEO. S. BOUTWELL,
Secretary.
Hon. John Sherman, Chairman Finance Committee,
United States Senate.
The bill was ordered to a third reading; and
it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. E. H. ROBERTS moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
international penitentiary congress.
Mr._ PENDLETON, from the Committee
on Printing, reported the following concurrent
resolution ; which was read, considered, and
agreed to :
Resolved, (the Senate concurring.) That there be
p/inted of the report of tho United States commis-
sioner to the international penitentiary congress
of London four thousand extra copies for the use
of the House of Representatives, two thousand
copies for the use of tho Senate, and four thousand
copies for the use of the commissioner.
