1030
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 1,
ited ability, as the average of men, I suppose,
upon the debt due from this country to the
brave men and their heirs who suffered there
in upholding the honor of their country's flag.
Sut ar.e we, without other reason therefor,
going to take money to the amount of $125,000
that in honor does not belong to us and pay it
to them ? Now I want to know if the Navy
Department approves of this thing.
Mr. W. R. ROBERTS. The other day the
sum of $280,000 was given to those who sunk
the rebel cruiser Albermarle, and that money
was taken from the Treasury of the United
States. It is now asked to give these men only
a portion of the value of the property they
destroyed, to be paid from the money which
they by their bravery and gallantry secured to
this Government. The colleges did not win
this money, but these officers and sailors did;
and I believe that so long as this money remains
where it is there will be petitions coming here
to get at this money by honest or dishonest
means. Surely if there is any proper way to
dispose of this money, it is to those who fought
for it. First give these officers and sailors
their proper share, and then dispose of the
balance so as to get out of the reach of the
lobby.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I ask the gen-
tleman from Maryland [Mr. Akcher] to yield
to me.
Mr. ARCHER. For how long?
Mr. STARKWEATHER. Not over five
minutes.
Mr. ARCHER. Very well; I yield to the
gentleman for five minutes.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. Mr. Speaker, I
do not wish to enter into a discussion as to
how the balance of this fund, which is large,
should be disposed of, after we meet the just
claim of these men whose courageous conduct
was the occasion of our having this fund. It
has been asked by some one, what were our
damages in that engagement ? It may be that
in regard to one of the vessels the damage to
the vessel and the expense of powder and shot
amounted to but a small sum, thirty or forty
thousand dollars. So, as to any naval engage-
ment, if we exclude from th.o account the loss
of life and limb, the damage might be very
small. But, in this case, seven or eight men
were wounded and a number killed.
One gentleman has asked, "Who is press-
ing this case?" The subject was examined
before a committee of this House of which I
have been a member; it has been twice ex-
amined in the Senate, where two favorable
reports have been made, one by Mr. Scott,
of Pennsylvania, one of the ablest lawyers
of that body, the other by Senator Anthony.
In all these examinations, 1 believe—certainly
in that before the House committee—no claim
agent, no lawyer presented himself to urge
this allowance. The claim was pressed by the
men and women whom this measure is de-
signed to relieve. One person came repre-
senting a brother with one arm, and asked
to be heard on this subject. At the instance
of such applicants as these the committee
made their examination and report. A bill
of this kind was once presented in this House
and went over on a point of order. These par-
ties have come here themselves, not through
agents or attorneys; the applicants have ap-
peared in their own behalf or in behalf of their
friends urging this just measure of compen-
sation, which corresponds to the action in
other similar oases.
Gentlemen have asked whether there is any
precedent for an allowance of this kind in time
of peace. There are such precedents in the
case of Decatur, who was rewarded by the
Government for similar service, and in other
cases precisely parallel with this. I will not
discuss the question of free schools or colleges
in Japan ; but I say that this Government is
bound in honor to make compensation to these
men before giving away the balance of this
fund. I admit that the petition presented
here in favor of devoting this fund to educa-
tional purposes in Japan is very respectable in
view of the persons from whom it comes; but
I cannot believe that any professor in any one
of those colleges if he had a son who had lost
his right arm in this engagement, and who was
now in destitution, would object to allowing
this small compensation—not one half the
interest on this fund—before we allow the
money to pass out of our hands. We have
already given away $600,000 of the fund.
This claim would take one half the interest;
and there will still be a large fund remaining,
the disposition of which can be settled after
we have done justice to these men who have
suffered for their country. I hope the bill
will pass. It has had a thorough examina-
tion before the appropriate committee in each
House.
Mr. HAWLEY, of Connecticut. I wish to
ask the gentleman a single question, a satis-
factory answer to which may cause me to
yield much of my opposition to this bill.
Does the Navy Department know anything
about this measure, or does it in any way
approve it ?
Mr. ARCHER. Although the measure has
never been formally approved by the Na,vy
Department, yet so far as I have talked with
the officers of the various bureaus there, they
are in favor of it.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I can say that
the Navy Department does favor this bill,
although there has been no formal action upon
it. But, sir, it is the duty of the House and
of every committee, as was well urged by the
gentleman from Connecticut the other day, to
have a mind of their own on matters demand-
ing our official investigation. I recollect with
what force the gentleman made that point the
other day upon another measure. It is our
duty to do justice, no matter what may be the
opinion of the Navy Department. This case
having been fully investigated by committees
of both Houses, and being fully approved, let
us be just to our own people before we are
generous toward people of a foreign country.
Mr. ARCHER. I now ask for a vote on
the bill.
Mr. WILLARD. Will not the gentleman
allow me to say a word?
Mr. ARCHER. The gentleman will pardon
me. I must ask for a vote. I have yielded so
much time already that I refrain from making
any remarks myself; hence the gentleman will
not, I hope, regard me as discourteous.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman insist
on a vote?
Mr. ARCHER. Yes, sir.
The SPEAKER. The previous question has
been seconded and the main question ordered.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time.
Mr. WILLARD. I demand the yeas and
nays on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The bill was then passed.
Mr. ARCHER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ORDER OP BUSINESS.
Mr. DONNAN. I move to go into Com-
mittee of the Whole House on the Private
Calendar.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
66, noes 23 ; no quorum voting.
The SPEAKER, under the rule, ordered
tellers; and appointed Mr. Donnan and Mr.
Holm an.
The House again divided ; and the tellers
reported—ayes 81, noes 19; no quorum voting.
Mr. W. R. ROBERTS. I demand the yeas
and nays on the motion.
Mr. McHBNRY. I move the House do now
adjourn.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
56, noes 64.
Mr. DONNAN demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. McHenp.y
and Mr. DojuJan were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 35, noes 68.
Mr. W. R. ROBERTS. I demand the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays weTe ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 40, nays 104, not voting
96 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Austin Blair, James G. Blair,
Boles, Burdett, Crebs, Dox, Ely, Farnsworth, Henry
D.Foster, Garrett, Giddings, Handley,Hanks, Hays,
Hibbard, Holmari, Kerr, King, Lynch, Maclntyre,
McGrew, McHenry, Morgan, Morphis, Silas L. .Nib-
lack, Potter, Price, Randall, Read, Edward Y.Rice,
Ritchie, William R. Roberts, H. Boardman Smith,
Storm, Sutherland, Van Trump, Vaughan, Waldron,
Whitthorne, and Wood—40.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Archer, Arthur, Averill,
Barber, Barry, Erasmus W. Beck, Boll, Bingham,
Buckley, Buffinton, Burchard, Roderick R. Butler,
Caldwell, Cobb, Coghlan, Comingo, Conger, Cotton,
Critoher, Crossland, Darrall, Dawes, Donnan, Du-
Bose, Duell, Duke, Dunnell, Eames, Elliott, Esty,
Finkelnburg, Charles Foster, Wilder D. Foster, Gar-
field, Getz, Griffith, Hancock, Harper, George ii.
Harris, Havens, John B.Hawley, Joseph R. llaw-
ley, Gerry W. Hazelton, John W. Hazelton, Hern-
don, Hooper, Kelley, Kendall, Ketcham, Lamison,
Leach, Lewis, Manson, Maynard, McCormick, Mc-
Junkin, Merriam, Benjamin F. Meyers, Moore,
Leonard Myers, Negley, Orr, Packard, Packer, Pal-
mer, Isaac C. Parker, Peck, Pendleton, Perry,
Rainey, Ellis H. Roberts, John Rogers, Sion H.
Rogers, Rusk, Sawyer, Scofield, Sherwood, Shober,
Shoemaker, Slater, John A. Smith, Snyder, Speer,
Sprague, Starkweather, Stevenson, Stowell, St.
John, Terry, Washington Townsend, Turner, Twich-
ell, Tyner, Upson, Voorhees, Wallace, Warren,
Wells, Wheeler, Willard, Williams of Indiana, John
T. Wilson, and Young—104.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Acker. Ambler, Ames,'
Banks, Barnum, Beatty, James B. Beck, Bigby,
Biggs, Bird, Boarman, Braxton, Bright, Brooks,
Bunnell, Benjamin F. Butler, Campbell, Carroll,
Clarke. Coburn, Conner, Cox, Creely, Crocker,
Davis, Dickey, Dodds, Eldredge, Farwell, Forker,
Frye, Golladay, Goodrich, Haldeman, Hale, Halsey,
Hambleton, Harmer, John T. Harris, Hay, Here-
ford, Hill, Hoar, Houghton, Kellogg, Killinger,
Kinsella, Lamport, Lansing, Lowe, Marshall, Me-
Clolland, MeCrary, McKee, MoKinney, McNeely,
Merrick, Mitchell, Monroe, Morey, William E.
Niblack, Hosea W. Parker, Perce, Peters, Piatt,
Poland, Porter, Prindle, John M. Rice, Robinson,
Roosevelt, Sargent, Seeley, Sessions, Shanks, Shel-
don, Shellabarger, Sloeum, Sloss, Worthinston C.
Smith, Snapp, Stevens, Stoughton, Swann, Sypher,
Taffe, Thomas, Dwight Townsend, Tutkili, Wad-
dell. Wakeman, Walden, Whiteley, Williams of
New York, Jeremiah M. Wilson, and Winches-
ter—96.
So the House refused to adjourn.
The SPEAKER. The question now recurs
on the motion to go into Committee of the
Whole House on the Private Calendar.
Mr HOLMAN. Mr. Speaker, I wish to make
a parliamentary inquiry. Is there any bill pend-
ing in the Committee of the Whole House on
the Private Calendar, and if so, what bill is it?
The SPEAKER. That is not a parliament-
ary inquiry. If the House resolve itself in a
Committee of the Whole House on the Private
Calendar, there is the place to ask it. If they
find no bill there they will report that fact back
to the Honse.
Mr. HOLMAN. I thought the House would
like to know whether there is any bill there or
not, and if so, what bill.
The SPEAKER. That is not a parliament-
ary inquiry.
Mr. HOLMAN. Thereis but one bill there,
the Montana war claims bill, which 
The SPEAKER. The Chair must stop the
gentleman. That shows the soundness of tho
Chair's ruling.
Mr. HOLMAN. I thought it was a proper
parliamentary inquiry, and the Chair has an-
swered a like inquiry more than once.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks not.
is not a parliamentary question.
Hr. HOLMAN. I differ with the Chair on
that.
The SPEAKER. If it were a special order
it would be for the House so directed, but
the gentleman's inquiry, if answered, would
bring up a debate as to what the bills might be
upon the Private Calendar before the House
It
