1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1991
Mr. PENDLETON moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was adopted;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
private claims.
Mr. PENDLETON also, from the Com-
mittee on Printing, reported the following con-
current resolution; which was read, consid-
ered, and agreed to:
Resolved, (the Senate concurring.) That the di-
gested and alphabetical list of the private claims
which have beon presented to the House of Repre-
sentatives from the Thirty-Second to the Forty-
First Congress, inclusive, prepared under the direc-
tion of the Clerk of the House, be printed for the
use of the House.
Mr. PENDLETON moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was adopted ;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
report op signal office.
Mr. PENDLETON also, from the same
committee, reported back, with the recom-
mendation that it be concurred in, the follow-
ing resolution of the Senate :
Resolved by the Senate, (the House of Representa-
tives concurring,) That there be printed and bound
ten thousand copies of the last annual report of the
chief signal officer of theArmy; of whieh one thou-
sand copies shall be for the use of the Senate, fifteen
hundred for the use of the House, and seventy-five
hundred for the use of the chief signal officer of the
Army.
The resolution was concurred in.
Mr. PENDLETON moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was concurred in ;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PROFESSOR IIAYDEN's REPORT.
Mr. PENDLETON also, from the same
committee, reported back, with the recom-
mendation that it be concurred'in, the follow-
ing resolution of the Senate :
Resolved by the Senate, (the House of Represent-
atives concurring,) That there be printed and bound
twelve thousand copies of Professor Hayden's sixth
annual report of the United States geological sur-
vey of the Territories and of explorations for 1872;
seventy-five hundred of which to be for the use of
the House, twenty-five hundred for the use of the
Senate, and two thousand for distribution by the
Smithsonian Institution.
The resolution was concurred in.
Mr. PENDLETON moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was concurred
in ; and also moved that the motion to recon-
sider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
fish and fisheries.
Mr. PENDLETON also, from the same
committee, reported back, with the recom-
mendation that it be concurred in, the follow-
ing resolution of the Senate :
Resolved by the Senate, (the House of Representa-
tives concurring,) That there bo printed five thou-
sand extra copies of the report of tho United Mates
commissioner "f fish and fisheries for 1872 on the
decrease of tl.- food fisbcs of the seacoast and of the
lakes, and up >n stocking the lakes of the United
States with s .' -non and shad; three thousand ot
which shall I)* for the use of the House of Repre-
sentatives, fii.ren hundred for the use of the Senate,
and five hundred for the use of the commissioner.
The resolution was concurred in.
Mr. PENDLETON moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was concurred
in ; and also moved that the motion to recon-
sider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
mining statistics.
Mr. PRICE, from the Committee on Print-
ing, reported the following resolution ; which
was read, considered, and adopted:
Resolved, (tho Senate concurring.) That there be
printed seven Ihous.md copies ol the report ot the
commissioner of mining statistics, with accompany-
ing maps and engravings; three thousand copies
foftho use ot the House ot Represonto ive« two
thousand for the feenate, one thousand for the lrea&
ury Department, and one thousand for the com-
missioner; Provided, That the cost of the maps shall
not exceed thirty-six cents per copy.
vincennes university•
Mr. NIBLACK, of Indiana. I aslc unan-
imous consent that the Senate amendments to
House bill No. 232, authorizing the award to
the Vincennes University of certain vacant
and abandoned lands in Knox county, Indiana,
be taken from the Speaker's table and con-
curred in.
No objection being made, it was ordered
accordingly.
powbll's " pkrry's victory."
Mr. STEVENSON. I move that the rules
be so suspended that it may be in order to
move in Committee of the Whole as an amend-
ment to the pending paragraph of the general
deficiency appropriation bill now in Commit-
tee of the Whole, an increase to the appropri-
ation for .the purchase of Powell's painting
entitled "Perry's Victory."
Mr. HALE. Will the gentleman state what
increase he proposes to move ?
Mr. STEVENSON. To make the amount
appropriated by this bill $15,000.
Mr. HALE. That will be in addition to the
$25,000 already paid.
Mr. STEVENSON. I merely move to make
it in order to offer an amendment. The Com-
mittee of the Whole can make it what they
please.
The motion to suspend the rules was not
agreed to ; two thirds not voting in the affirm-
ative.
francis e. spinner.
Mr. LYNCH, from the Committee on Ex-
penditures in the Treasury Department, by
unanimous consent, reported back House bill
No, 3250, for the relief of Francis E. Spinner,
Treasurer of the United States.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill, which was read, directs the proper
accounting officers to allow Francis E. Spin-
ner, Treasurer of the United States, in the set-
tlement of his general aecouut of receipts and
expenditures for the fiscal year ending De-
cember 30, 1873, the sum of $251 70, being
the amount paid by him for certain muti-
lated, partially destroyed, and defective com-
pound-interest, five per cent., and national
bank notes, and that the sum of $61,174 52,
l wful money, shall be appropriated out of any
moneys in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated, to reimburse Francis E. Spinner for
losses incurred in his office as Treasurer of
the United States, through embezzlement on
the part of employs and otherwise, without
negligence or fault on his part; for loss by
the embezzlement of Seth Johnson, late in-
terest teller, $37,894 20; for loss by the em-
bezzlement of F. A. Mardcn, late chief of di-
vision of accounts, $11,413 97; for part of a
package of new notes stolen from the division
of issues, $11,500; for amount found short in
an actual count of $131,000, specimen cur-
rency, $71 77; for amount found short in an
actual count of the paying teller's cash, twenty
cents; for amount found short in an actual
count of a package of new notes, one dollar;
for amount found short in an actual count of a
package of new notes, temporarily made good
by the original counter, twenty dollars; for
amount found short in an actual count of the
funds of the redemption division, $131 37;
and for amount found short in an actual count
of the funds of the cash division, $142 01; in
all, $61,174 52.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. LYNCH moved to reconsider the vote
by which tho bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
indians-at camp m'uermit, nevada.
Mr. SHANKS. I ask unanimous consent
to have taken from the Speaker's table and
passed at this time Senate bill No. 1514,
for the temporary relief of Indians at Camp
McDermit, m Humboldt county, Nevada.
The SPEAKER. The bill will be read.
The bill, which was read, directs the Secre-
tary of War to issue such rations of food and
clothing to the Indians about Camp McDermit,
in Humboldt county, Nevada, as may be neces-
sary to save such Indians from destitution and
starvation until such time as provision shall be
made for them through the Interior Depart-
ment.
No objection being made, the bill was taken
from the Speaker's table, read three times,
and passed.
post office appropriation bill.
The SPEAKER announced as the conferees
on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses upon
the House bill No. 3498, making appropria-
tions for the service of the Post Office Depart-
ment for the year ending June 30, 1874, Mr.
Palmer of Iowa, Mr. Sargent of California,
and Mr. Farnsworth of Illinois.
david coleman.
The SPEAKER. There is on the Speak-
er's table a bill (S. No. 1630) to remove the
political disabilities of David Coleman, of
Buncombe county, North Carolina. Is there
objection to the consideration of this bill?
There being no objection, the bill was taken
from the Speaker's table, read three times,
and passed.
naval appropriation bill.
Mr. HALE submitted the following confer-
ence report:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the amendments to
House bill No, 3351 making appropriations for the
naval service for the year ending June 30,1874, hav-
ing met, after a full and free conference, have
agreed to recommend, and do recommend, to their
respective Houses as follows:
That the Senate recede from its first, fifth, sixth,
and ninth amendments.
That the Senate recede from its disagreement to
the amendment of the House to the forty-eighth
amendment of the Senate, and agree to the same.
EUGENE HALE.
. W. W. SCO FIELD,
STEVENSON ARCHER,
Managers on the part of the Bouse.
C. COLE,
A. H. CRAGIN,
J. W. STEVENSON,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
The report was agreed to.
Mr. HALE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the report was agreed to ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
deficiency bill.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I move that
the House resolve itself into the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union to resume
the consideration of the deficiency appropria-
tion bill.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, (Mr. Wheeler in the chair,) and
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. R.
No 4051) making appropriations to supply de-
ficiencies in the appropriations for the service
of the Government for the fiscal year ending
June 30, 1873, and for other purposes.
The pending paragraph was the following:
To pay the last installment due W. H. Powell for
picture illustrative of Perry's victory, $90o.
The CHAIRMAN. The pending amend-
ment to this paragraph is one offered by the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Stevenson.]
Mr..STEVENSON. I withdraw my amend-
ment.
Mr. NIBLACK, of Indiana. I wish to in-
quire what has become of the amendment I
offered some time ago.
