1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
67
if not all the supervisors, certainly a large
number of them, that the provisions of this
bill were Croatlv preferable to allowing the law
of June ti, 1872, to remain without further
amendment. That law, if carried out, will
take effect on the 1st day of January next,
and would produce inextricable confusion, as
has been developed after the careful exam-
ination to which I have referred. The con-
solidation of most of the districts, putting two
or three into oue district under one man, and
leaving to one man the collection of balances
remaining of internal revenue tax in remote
Territories, would necessarily cause great loss
to the Government. We found, too, as the
Commissioner sets forth in his report read
at the Clerk's desk a few moments ago at my
request, that the remaining duties of assessors
and assistant assessors have been reduced by
the operation of laws heretofore enacted to
such a degree that they could be performed
either by the collectors or their assistants, or
at the principal office here in Washington.
We found that by abolishing the offices of
assessor and assistant assessor, none of the
evils would befall the country that would neces-
sarily come upon us if we consolidated to
the extent proposed by the act of June, 1872,
the collection districts. Therefore, when it
was made known that $1,000,000 had been
saved to the country by the act of June, 1872,
atid an additional saving of $1,700,000 would
be made by abolishing the offices of assessor
and assistant assessor, and that no harm
could come to the country by making the
change, I of -course, in common with the
other members of the Committee of Ways and
Means, approved the proposed amendment,
especially when the measure met the unani-
mous indorsement not only of the gentlemen
now in charge of the internal revenue office,
bat of all whose past experience qualified
them to speak npon the subject. I felt it my
duty, as a Representative and as a member of
the committee, to support the bill. When
the officers of the Government told us they
could dispense with two hundred and thirty
assessors and thirteen hundred and seventy
assistant assessors, and that they could go on
with the consolidation of the districts gradu-
ally, not increasing, but diminishing the num-
ber of collectors and deputy collectors, I
thought it was a measure which every mem-
ber of this House on both sides would cor-
dially embrace as a measure of reform, look-
ing if you please to the ultimate extinction
of the system. j
it will be observed, of coarse, that addi-
tional duties are imposed upon the Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue at the main office
here by the transfer of the duty done by the
assessors and assistant assessors; for they have,
though not a great deal, it is true, yet some-
thing to do. Their papers have to be brought
here, and their old untinished work must be
arranged under the heads of the respective
States and districts in the; Internal Revenue
Office at Washington. That requires labor.
And not only the unfinished work, but the
duties that are transferred by this bill, as will
be seen by examining from line twenty-three
dowu to line fifty-nine on the second and third
pages—of course all that will impose labor upon
the department here. Still the Commissioner
has assured us that in no event would it re-
quire more than fifteen clerks, and at last he
said to us that be believed that the force now ]
in the office could do the work. I care not
whether it takes fifteen moreclerks or whether
he could do the work with the force he now j
has; it was tiar preferable there should be a ,
slight temporary increase here, rather than
thiit we should perpetuate these two hundred
nnd thirty assessors and thirteen hundred and j
seventy assistant assessors all through th$ jj
country; paying office rent, paying clerks,
keeping up all that system of which the depart-
ment itself is willing to take the burden on its
own shoulders and relieve the country from.
The second section of the bill, as the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means has
very well explained, puts an additional check
upon the collector by requiring the special
taxes now received in money to be paid in
stamps, so that the Commissioner of Internal
Revenue when he puts the book of stamps in
the hands of the collector requires him to
account for all the money or return the stamps
to him. And this will be a check on him that
will prevent him stealing even if he were so
disposed. That is not the case now, and the
provision here made is a very great improve-
ment, in my opinion.
Nor is there any hardship in the other pro-
vision of section two, which requires men who
have bought these stamps, such as retail and
wholesale liquor dealers, to keep these stamps
in a prominent place in their houses of business,
any more than it is a hardship for a steamboat
to keep her license framed in a conspicuous
place in her cabin. The collector of internal
revenue also has to keep a list of those men,
so that the supervisors or other agents of the
Government will be able to ascertain at the
places of business, or the office of the collec-
tor of the district, that all the machinery is
moving on smoothly and well; or if not, they
can discover it and report it to the head office
and have the fraud detected. These things
I regard as an improvement on the present
machinery.
Section four and section five also transfer
work now done by the assessors and their
assistants to the Commissioner of Internal
Revenue here. We provide by section five also,
that there shall be no increase in the compen-
sation of collectors as now fixed. And in lines
twenty-eight to thirty of section five, I think
we have provided for the difficulty, if any ex-
ists, that was suggested by the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Shellabarger.] The collector
gets no more money under this law than he
gets under the old oue.
By the law as it now exists he is required
to give bonds for the faithful performance of
his duty, which bonds may be increased from
time to time. Section oue hundred and three
of the act of 1868 provides:
" That when any tax is imposed, and the mode or
time of assessment or collection is not provided for,
the same shall be established by regulations of the
Commissioner of Internal Revenue; and the Com-
missioner is authorized to make all such regulations,
not otherwise provided for, as may become neoessary
by reason of any change of law in relation to inter-
nal revenue made by this act."
And the last paragraph of section five of
the bill now before the House provides :
That section one hundred and three be so amended
that its provisions are extended and made appli-
cable to the provisions of this act.
Therefore, if by any possibility it should be-
come necessary to take any new bonds, or to
impose any additional liabilities, section one
hundred and three of the act of 1868 puts that
power absolutely iato the hands of the Secre-
tary of the Treasury and the Commissioner of
Internal Revenue, and requires them to see
that the Government is amply protected under
any change of law that may be made, and by
the provisions of this bill we have extended
that section to any change hereby made, so
that no harm that does not exist, now can by
any possibility arise under this bill.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I do not think I
fully heard the statement the gentleman has
made.
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. My statement
was this, in substance : while under this bill
the collector would not collect any more than
he now does, and the present law provides
not only for the taking of bonds from, him
when he eomes into office, but for their re-
newal and increase whenever any contingency
shall arise, and by the provisions' of section
one hundred and three of the act of 1868,
where there is no specific mode pointed out,
then it is the duty of the Secretary of the
Treasury by regulation to determine how it
shall be done, we have extended the pro-
visions of that, section to this bill.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. What I want to
suggest to my frifend is this : all that will do
very well when you are dealing with the
obligation of the officer. The collector who
goes on under these amendatory acts and dis-
charges the duties thereby devolved upon hun
would be bound not only as an officer, but
also upon his old bond, for the faithful dis-
charge of his new duties. But what I submit
is that it is at least too doubtful whether the
sureties upon the old bond would not be dis-
charged by reason of the devolving of duties
upon the officer for which they stood as sureties
dissimilar to the duties required of that officer at
the time they gave their bond; that that de-
volvement of new and dissimilar duties would
discharge the sureties, or at least work so
probable a discharge of them as to make it
eminently wise that we should make it impera-
tive, make it absolutely requisite that the Sec-
retary of the Treasury or the Commissioner
of Internal Revenue shall take new bonds.
And I hope my distinguished friend, the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means,
[Mr. Dawes,] will make no objection to so
amending this bill as to provide that that shall
be done.
Mr. DAWES. Would the gentleman carry
his idea so far as to hold that when last June
we changed the law in relation to the fifty cent
and other taxes upon distilled liquors, so as to
make a consolidated tax of sixty-five cents per
gallon, we thereby imposed new duties upon
collectors ?
Mr. SHELLABARGER. No, I would not.
I am very glad my frieud has made that sug-
gestion. The law always may devolve upon
any existing officer new duties of a similar
I nature to those that were devolved upon him
j at the time he gave his bonds. Those which
the gentleman has suggested are exactly of
that similar nature. But when you undertake
to devolve upon an officer duties that are not
j germane, that are not of the nature of those
which he before performed, then by opera-
tion of that law his sureties are discharged.
And the gentleman will find upon examina-
tion, if he has not already done so, an exceed-
ingly elaborate collection of authorities on that
point in a very old case in the courts of Naw
York; and 1 think there is also a case in the
Supreme Courtofthe United States. It throws
out the idea that you may not add to the obli-
gation of sureties duties that could not fairly
have been in the contemplation of the parties
at the time they took the obligation. The
duties in the case the gentleman has put are
exactly of the kind that were in the contem-
plation of the parties at the time they entered
j upon the bond. They were similar duties.
| Mr. HOAR. Permit me to ask the gentle-
j man a question. What duties are there im-
posed by this bill upon collectors of adissim-
ilar nature to their present duties as collectors,
j for which in the nature of the case a bond
can be any security, or which is susceptible
of enforcement by a pecuniary measure or
penalty? I understand that, the assessors now
give no bond, because their duties are not capa-
ble of being enforced by bonds.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. That would be
an exceedingly proper aud pertinent inquiry
to be addressed to a court. Being addressed
to a legislator providing for a doubiful case, I
submit that it is not wise to incur a doubt and
run the risk of discharging the existing bonds
when you can so easily remove the doubt.
That is my first answer to the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Hoar.] My second is,
that the duties of assessor are soch as may be,
and ordinarily are, covered by official bonds.
Neairly all ministerial officers ip the; States,
even though they do not handle money, give
bonds which cover any malfeasance in office,
and the responsibilities under this bill are dis-
similar from those pecuniary obligations now
covered by the collector's bonds.
