1878.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
19T#3
Executive Departments. That is the reason
why these estimates do not appear in the record
of the book of estimates. The Board of Health
has made its report to Congress and it has
been printed.
Mr. HOLMAN. Is there .any estimate of
this $39,000?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Certainly. The
Board of Health appeared before the Com-
mittee on Appropriations and gave the various
items of their estimates; showing how much
was needed for vaccine matter ; howmuch for
ambulance service, in carrying the sick to the
small-pox hospital; how much they have ex-
pended for removing night-soil, the quantity
removed being nearly forty tons a day. The
items were given in full, and this is the amount
set down by the board as necessary to complete
the service for the fiscal year with what the
District has itself appropriated.
Mr. NIBLACK, of Indiana. I rise to op-
pose the amendment of the gentleman from
Ohio. I felt compelled, Mr. Chairman, on a
tormer occasion, when this matter was before
the House in another form to vote against it.
I had no opportunity to give my reasons for my
vote, and i have to avail myself of this occa-
sion to state why I cannot consent to support
this proposition in its present form. When
we organized the District government we
provided for the appointment of a Board of
Health. But no provision was made for their
salaries, and during the last session of Con-
gress the board appeared before the Commit-
tee on Appropriations, fortified by recommend-
ations from the proper Department, and asked
that we should appropriate money for their
salaries. After considerable discussion, we
agreed, I believe, to give them a salary of
$2,500 each for their services, with the dis-
tinct understanding, as the sequel has shown,
that they would not devote all their time to
this matter, each gentleman having some other
business. This was regarded a fair compensa-
tion then.
Mr. SARGENT. This is not for their com-
pensation.
Mr. NIBLACK, of Indiana. I know that.
I thought when we provided for the salaries of
these gentlemen that was as much as we ought
to do, and that the running expenses of the
board ought to be paid by the District govern-
ment. I think they thought so themselves at
that time. But the board made some regula-
tions which were not popular with the people
of the District, especially with the colored peo-
ple, in reference to their pigs, chickens, geese,
&c. A collision arose between the District gov-
ernment and the Board of Health, and a por-
tion of the District Legislature, sympathising
with the population from whom they derive
their authority, refused to appropriate money
enough for the running expeuses of the board.
And now the board come here and tell us that
the District government will not pay what they
need, and ask us to pay the proportion which
we ought to pay because of the residence of
Government officials here.
Now I do not object to paying a portion of
the ordinary expeuses of the board, but I want
some understanding about this matter. Every-
body understands the force of precedent in a
matter of this sort. If we make this appro-
priation they will come and ask us to make
a still larger appropriation, and we shall find,
ourselves saddled with the whole expenses of
the Board of Health, which would not be right.
Now I make no criticism on the manner in
which these gentlemen discharge their duties,
although I have heard objection made to it.
Personally I li'ive a very good opinion of the
board as far as I knew it, but I protest against
appropriating in this way without attaching a
"s.ipuhition to it which will bind us hereafter as
a rule of action.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. COX. When this matter was before
the llonsy some few weeks ago I voted for this
appropriation, and I did it because I thought '
we had some relations here with the District
that we were bound to respect, especially in this
matter of health. The District has appropri-
ated $50,000 for the purpose of securing good
health to all who belong in one sense to the
Federal Government. Members do not know
unless they will read the report of this Board
of Health just exactly how they are situated
day and night in this District. This Board
of Health only ask $39,000 to keep the city
in some sense salubrious and decent. I can-
not here in this debate tell you what they do.
I cannot tell you the nuisances they remove.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. Will the gentle-
man tell me if they do not have just the same
nuisances in every city throughout the Union ?
Mr. COX. Now my friend from- Missouri
[Mr. Blair] must know very well that the
Federal Government has peculiar relations
with this District. I did not vote for this
District government. I never liked it. Ever
since it has been established it has seemed to
demand more than it should.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. Is there any
city in this nation for which the Government
requires to make an appropriation for remov-
ing night soil?
Mr. COX. I am talking about the matter
of health, of your health, of the health of the
people who come here. I do not know that I
can make a proper impression upon members
here. But this I do remember, that one year
ago, when the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Bdtler] signified to us his belief, from
his experience in New Orleans, that because
of the upturning of the soil here we would
have an unhealthy summer, some of us on this
side, myself among the number, made some
little amusement over it; yet I was the first
man to suffer, and was seriously ill for some
time, and if I had died on that occasion there
would perhaps -have been an inconsolable con-
stituency in New York. [Laughter.]
However, I desire to say that we are in-
debted to the labors of this Board of Health
for our very strength to live and work in this
District. Of all the relations that we have to
that board that of health is the most important;
and the United States cannot afford, after the
report made by this Board of Health, not to
give them something to aid them in this
matter, and I shall vote for that now, as I
notified the House three weeks ago that I
would.
Mr. CREBS. Does the gentleman indorse
all there is in that report ?
Mr. COX. I do not indorse everything in
it; but 1 indorse the idea of taking proper
measures to preserve our health while here.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. It seems to me
that we have had propositions offered here
week after week and day after day to appro-
priate money to keep up this city government,
or the government of the District of Colum-
bia. From the numerous applications made
heretofore it occurred to me that the city
authorities certainly would become deterred,
at least toward the end of the session, from
presenting further claims of this character.
And it is something astonishing to me that,
after these claims have been voted down here
time and time again, place is still found in
appropriation bills for such appropriations.
It has been but a few weeks since we voted
down, after a thorough discussion, this night-
soil proposition. We have now a proposition
in this bill to put the same proposition through
the House in disguise.
Now I would like to know what city there
is in this laud ih.-t has not in it some people
from all portions ol the United States, and
not. only from various portions of the United
States,'but bom Europe. 1'ot whoever heard
ol a tax being imposed upon the people of the
« Utilled States to enable tin- city of New ifork,
I for iiioUiico, to take care of the visitors to that
city ? Whoever heard of such a thing as a tax.
on the people of the United States t-o take
care of its citizens who may visit St. Louis ?
All the cities of this Union have visitors'from
all parts of the country, who remain there for
weeks and months together. Do not those,
visitors actually rent houses and pay1 rent, and
board and pay theirboard,and would gentlemen
propose that the United States should make
an appropriation so as to enable the authorities
of those cities to carry on their city govern-
ments because the people choose to visit them
and remain in them for a time? *
This is substantially the reason assigned by
the chairman of the committee [Mr. Gab- -
field] for taxing the people of the United
States to pay this appropriation to the govern-
ment of the District of Columbia.
We have application after application made
here of every conceivable character for appro-
priations for this District. It was urged here
a few weeks ago that we should pay a part of
the cost of improving the city on account of
having to pave the broad avenues that run
through the city in all directions. Not long
after that a proposition was made to provide
a "lying-in" hospital for the District of
Columbia. I had it in my mind at the time
to ask the gentlemen who were pressing for
that appropriation whether or not that insti-
tution was necessitated because of those broad
avenues, too. It seems that everything of this
character is attributable to the broad avenues
in this city, or the fact that members of Con-
gress stay here during the session of Congress,
and because many members own property in
the District, and because visitors come here
from a distance and create a necessity on the
part of the Government of the United' States
to take care of them. This is not required
by any other city of the United States Gov-
ernment, and I can see no reason or law for
it, .and hence oppose it.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The question being taken on the motion of
Mr. Crebs to strike out the paragraph, it was
not agreed to ; there being—ayes twenty-five,
noes not counted. 1
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. In behalf of
the Committee on Appropriations, I move to
amend the paragraph relating to the Con-
gressional Cemetery by adding these words:
On vouchers to be appproved by the officer in
charge of public buildings and grounds of the Dis-
trict of Columbia.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows :
Tor the purchase by the United States of the
interest of the District of Columbia in the present
City Hall building in Washington, now used solely
for (government purposes, such sum asmay be de-
termined by three impartial appraisers to be
selected by the Secretary of the Interior, not ex-
ceeding $100,000, the same to be applied by said
District only for the erection of a suitable building
for the District offices i and the Governor and Board
of Public Works are authorized, if they deem it ad-
visable for that purpose, to make arrangements to
secure sufficient land fronting on Pennsylvania and
Louisiana avenues, between Seventh and Ninth
streets.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. In order to
correct a misprint, I move to amend the par-
agraph just read by striking out " one hun-
dred" and inserting "seventy-five," so as to
make the amount of the appropriation $75,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. COBURN. I move to amend by strik-
ing out " sevenly-five" and inserting thirty.''
Mr. ROOSEVELT. I wish to make a point,
of order on the paragraph. My point is that
there is no law authorizing this appropriation.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would in-
quire from the chairman of the Committc- on
Appropriations, what is the objtei of this pro-
vision ?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Tl.c- gentleman
from Maryland, [Mr. Swank. J woo bad ebtu
of this matter a^s chairman of the sab-commit-
tee, will explain it.
Mr. SVVANN. This application was mr-3e
