1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1083
iijto this matter, and did so. General Har-
die, inspector general of the Army of the
United States, who was charged with the in-
vestigation of all these claims, reported an
award reducing them to a trifle over fifty per
cent., cuttingthem down from twenty percent,
to nearly a hundred per cent, in some in-
stances. Where proof was not furnished that
supplies were sold and actually furnished to
the troops of the United States, not a dollar
has been recommended to be paid.
And I wish to say one word further. I can-
not give you any other assurance that this mat-
ter has been faithfully investigated than this :
three committees of the other House of Con-
gress have reported in favor of the payment
of these awards of General Hardie. This
matter has been investigated by the order of the
War Department by General Hardie, who, in
my judgment, is one of the very best qualified
in the Army for such duty. He has made an
award reducing the claims to about fifty per
cent. His award was examined by the War
Department and then sent to Congress with
the strongest possible indorsement by the Sec-
retary of War. That subject has been care-
fully examined by the Committee on Military
Affairs, and that committee have unanimously
reported in favor of the justice and propriety
of paying the amount recommended to be paid
by General Hardie. The amount awarded by
him is $513,000.
I now move the committee rise and report
the bill to the House with the recommendation
that it do pass.
Mr. HOLMAN. Mr. Chairman, I suppose
while the bill is before us it is subject to
amendment. I have objected to the passage
of this bill by the House in part because of
the manner in which the measure has been
sought to be put upon its passage. Here is a
very large claim, amounting according to the
report of this committee to over half a million
dollars, sought to be reported and passed in
the House without any opportunity being
afforded for its consideration. Until a claim,
a private claim, as this is considered to be, is
reported to the House, and referred to the
Committee of the Whole on the Private
Calendar, the attention of the members of the
House is not usually attracted to it. And so
important has it been esteemed in the past
that a private claim, a claim which in the
nature of things would not attract the atten-
tions of all the member's of the House, not
belonging to the class of measures of a public
character which every gentleman is bound to
look into, as a matter of course should be
considered in Committee of the Whole—so
important was this rule esteemed under the
old order of things that no private claim was
considered in the House until it was referred
to the Committee of the Whole on the Private
Calendar, and printed, so that members of
the House were advised in advance of the
contents of the measure, and that it would
receive on an early day the consideration of
the House.
An attempt was made to put this bill through
without any other consideration thau such a
measure could receive in the brief space of a
single hour—a measure involving a large and
complicated body of accounts, and the with-
drawal from the Treasury of over half a mil-
lion dollars, and that predicated upon claims
against the Government of nearly a million
dollars. 1 therefore, sir, in the very first in-
stance, objected, and I will object to the pass-
age of this claim on the ground that no rea-
sonable opportunity for its consideration has
been furnished to the House. These docu-
ments now before me were only brought prom-
inently to the attention of the House yester-
day, and gentlemen are expected to vote away
half a million dollars from the Treasury u[>on
such feeble opportunities for examination
as this.
In the next place, sir, without going into
the details whicn are set forth in the papers
before the committee, I cannot forget what is
matter of history in this connection. It goes
into history substantially, so far as this Mon-
tana war of 1867 was concerned; that it was
not, in fact, a war in good faith; and that this
was not an organized body of men, gotten
together by proper authority, for the purpose
of repelling an invasion upon the white set-
tlers of that section of country. It appears, on
the contrary, that at the time thispretended war
was gotten up the Indians were in a state of
profound peace. There may have been rare
exceptions. There may have been here and
there over the country, roving bands of In-
dians, as there always are. But so far as the
history of that time is concerned, it has been
alleged, and I believe it is part of the history
of that year, that there was not in fact a state
of war. And the remark was not an improper
one which dropped from the lips of a gentle-
man yesterday, that this transaction had the
ear-marks of a contractor's war, such as has
frequently occurred in our history, when, for
the purpose of securing the disbursement of
large amounts from the public Treasury, par-
ties have thought proper to resort to the
extraordinary and unwarrantable expedient
of seeming to provoke the hostilities of their
Indian neighbors, keeping them constantly in
a state of irritation and apprehension that
their rights would be interfered with.
I sympathize with the settlers of those Ter-
ritories. I appreciate the energy and enter-
prise they have displayed in opening and de-
veloping the resources of that remote country,
just as I appreciate the energy a-id enterprise
displayed by those who at an earlier period de-
veloped the great country west of the Alle-
ghany mountains. But, sir, nothing is clearer,
if history is to be relied upon, than the fact
that vast sums of the public treasure have from
time to time been surreptitiously taken from the
Treasury, for the purpose of meeting hostili-
ties which, as I have said, have been actually
gotten up.
But in this instance it seems, that instead
of an actual state of war, there was no such
organized hostility against the settlers of the
Territory of Montana as required the gather-
ing together of troops or the expenditure of
large sums of money. There is a feature
about the facts, brought to the attention of the
House by the Committee on Military Affairs,
which seems to sustain this idea. I do not
believe, sir, if this had been a legitimate war,
provoked by the savages, and which the people
of that Territory were organizing to repel, that
there would have been an effort to make it a
source of improper personal aggrandizement.
And yet, sir, when we come to look into these
bills, we find that charges were made against
the Government by these very parties, or by
their assignors, who are now asking this relief
from Congress ; charges of an unconscionable
nature. The gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Dox-
nan] has not called attention to this matter.
But I do not know any more imperative duty
on the part of a gentleman reporting from a
committee than to represent at least the
stronger points'on each side of the controversy.
Now it seems, upon an examination of these
bills, that exhorbitant charges were made by
these parties in whose behalf an appeal is
made to our sympathy rather than to our
sense of justice. I find that these parties were
charging to the Government for firewood, for
these troops, from forty to sixty-five dollars per
cord.
Mr. DONNAN. The gentleman will find
from General Hardie's report that the price was
from sixteen to twenty dollars per cord, and
that he allowed only from $6 25 to $7 50
per cor(J.
Mr. HOLMAN. I believe the gentleman is
right, and I am glad he has corrected me.
Mr. CLAGETT. At that time greenbacks
were in the Territory of Montana, worth sixty-
five cents on the dollar. Our ordinary business
transactions were in gold and gold dust; which
accounts, to a large extent, for the charges as
they appear here. Interest at that time was
five per cent, per month, and the parties, not
expecting to get this pay for six months or one
year, added the current interest of the Terri-
tory to the prices, in order to get cash.
Mr. HOLMAN- I am glad the gentleman
from Iowa [Mr. Donkan] corrected my mis-
take, for I had my eye on a different item. I
find that the price of wood was from sixteen
to twenty dollars per cord, and that General
Hardie states that wood was purchased at
from $6 25 to $7 50 per cord.
Mr. DONNAN. Will not the gentleman
state, also, that all the parties received was
$0 25 per cord.
Mr. HOLMAN. That may be true ; but
there is a rule which prevails in the War De-
partment, the severe justice of which will have
to be admitted by the gentleman, that where a
party makes a fraudulent claim the Govern-
ment rejects the claim. If the gentleman
presented a claim to the War Department,
and the severe disciplinarians there discov-
ered that the claim had been purposely made
larger than it ought to be, with a view to de-
fraud the Government, the whole claim would
be rejected.
Mr. DONNAN. The gentleman is too fair
not to listen to a word in reply. If these awards
had not come within the regulations of the
Army, if the awards were not in accordance
with section ten of the act of July 15, 1870,
then the awards would not have received the
strong commendation of the Secretary of War
as it stands before the House.
Mr. HOLMAN. I have not had an oppor-
tunity of reading that commendation of the
Secretary of War. I glanced hastily over the
report, and I did not notice any such recom-
mendation at all in strong terms. I may be
mistaken, however.
The next item I find in this account is hay
at from forty-five to sixty-five dollars per ton,
while General Hardie puts the amount that
ought to have been charged at about half that
price. I find, too, coffee put down at eighty
cents per pound, when General Hardie says
the article might have been purchased for less
than half that sum, to wit, thirty-seven and a
half cents per pound. The whole of these
items—wood, hay, oats, barley, horses, mules—
every article, is charged two prices. The gen-
tleman from Montana, [Mr. Clagett,] who
argues these questions admirably, forgets that
his explanation cannot be satisfactory, because
the addition even of the enormous interest of
five per cent, per month does not begin to
account for the addition of one hundred per
cent, to the charges which these gentlemen
were making. The gentleman ought, there-
fore, not to feel offended if the statement is
made that this war was provoked for the pur-
pose of making a raid upon the national
Treasury, rather than to resist a raid made by
the Indian tribes of that vicinity upon the
white settlers.
Mr. CLAGETT. I desire that this matter
should be clearly understood by the House.
There is one item which the gentleman entirely
overlooks, and that is, that at the time these
claims arose there was no such thing as a
credit system in the Territory of Montana;
everything was sold for cash. It was not ex-
pected that these men would get their pay in-
side of a year, and these parties put in their
claims upon cash prices. The gentleman is
speaking under a misapprehension of the facts,
and does not understand thf state of affairs in
the Territory of Montana at that time.
Mr. HOLMAN. Of course I do not pro-
fess to be familiar with the local transactions
of that Territory; but I do profess to be
familiar with the current history of events as
generally understood in the country. Now,
1 do not understand, and I do noi^ think I
can be made to understand, that it was a
legitimate and proper transaction for these
parties, confederated together and acting as a
