70
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 9,
By Mr. SPRAGUE: The petition of Eli
Persons, of Athens county, Ohio, late mem-
ber of company K, seventy third regiment
Ohio voluuteers, asking a pension.
Also, the petition of Moses Smith and 10
others, members of company B, thirty-ninth
regiment Ohio voluuteer infantry, asking the
passage of a bill to extend the provisions of the
bounty act of April 22, 1872, so as to allow
each of the members of said company $100
bounty.
Also, the petition of Isaac M. Grant, of
Pettis county, Missouri, late a member of com-
pany K, thirty-eighth regiment Ohio volun-
teers, asking a pension on account of blind-
ness caused by severe service in the Army;
also, the petition of suudry citizens of the
aforesaid county in support of his claim, with
accompanying papers.
By Mr. WALLACE : The petition of John
L. Miller, of York county, South Carolina,
for relief on mail contract.
IN SENATE.
Monday, December 9, 1872.
Prayer by Rev. E. D. Owen, of Washing-
ton, D. C.
The Vice President resumed the chair.
Hon Thomas F. Bayard, from the State of
Delaware, and Hon. Matthew W. Ransom,
from the State of North Carolina, appeared in
their seats to-day.
The Journal of the proceedings of Friday
last was read and approved.
enrolled bills signed.
The VICE PRESIDENT signed the follow-
ing enrolled bills, which had previously re-
ceived the signature of the Speaker of the
House of Pepresentatives:
An act (H. R. No. 902) making an appro-
priation for the repairs, furnishing, and orna-
mentation of the United States custom-house
and poet office at Bath, Maine ; and
An act (H. R. No. 2109) to authorize the
issuance of college scrip to the State of Ark-
ansas, and for other purposes.
house bills referred.
The following bills from the House of Rep-
resentatives were severally read twice by their
titles and referred as indicated below:
A bill (H. R. No. 1952) to amend an act
entitled "An act to incorporate a national
military and naval asylum for the relief of the
totally disabled officers and men of the volun-
teer forces of the United States," approved
March 21, 1866, and for other purposes—to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
A bill (H. R. No. 2984) to purchase a site
for a public building in Pittsburg—to the
Committee on Public Buildings and Grounds.
A bill (H. R. No. 2987)to authorize the erec-
tion of a public building at Evansville, In-
diana—to the Committee on Public Buildings
and Grounds.
A bill (H. R. No. 2988) grantingan increase
of pension to Jedediah Gray—to the Commit-
tee on Pensions.
The bill (H. R. No. 2993) for the relief of
the sn(ten,:',.Ki' fire in Boston, was read the
first time by its titie.
Mr. WILSON. I suppose that bill will
go to the Committee on Finance, and I
merely rise to suggest to the committee that
it is very important to have prompt action
upon it.
The bill was read the second time, and
referred to the Committee on Finance.
credentials.
The VICE PRESIDENT presented the
credentials of Hon. Oliver P. Morton, chosen
by the Legislature of the State of Indiana a
Senator from that State for the term beginning
March 4, 1873; which were read and ordered
to be filed.
executive communications.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
atea report of the Secretary of War communi-
I eating, in obedience to law, information in rela-
tion to quarantine on the southern and Gulf
coasts; which was referred to the Committee
on Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
He also laid before the Senate a letter from
the Secretary of War, suggesting certain diffi-
culties which prevent his execution of the act
of Congress of June 8, 1872, relative to head-
stones in national cemeteries, and asking for
additional legislation thereon ; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. FENTON presented the petition of
Daniel D. Leary, a citizen of the State of New
York, praying compensation for the service of
his steamer, John Faron, under contract with
the United States ; which was referred to the
, Committee on Claims.
He also presented the petition of descend-
ants of John B. Murray, deceased, formerly of
New York, praying to be indemnified for
spoliations committed by the French prior to
the year 1801 ; which was ordered to lie on
the table.
He also presented the petition of V. G.
Edwards, president of the Syracuse Temper-
ance Union, Samuel Lee, C. A. Hammond,
and other citizens of Onondaga county, New
York, praying for the prohibition within the
jurisdiction of the United States of the man-
ufacture, importation, and sale of all intoxi-
cating liquors to be used as a beverage; 'which
was referred to the Committee on Finance.
He also presented the petition of Rev. J. Q.
Evans, John Greene, David D. Robinson, and
other citizens of Dutchess county, New York,
praying for the prohibition of the manufacture,
importation, and sale of all intoxicating liquors
to be used as a beverage within the jurisdic-
tion of the United States; which was referred
to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. VICKERS presented the petition of
the Library and Literary Association of the
Society of Friends, of Baltimore, Maryland,
praying for the prohibition of the manufacture,
! importation, and sale of all intoxicating liquors
to be used as a beverage in the Territories of
the United Statesand in the District of Colum-
bia ; which was referred to the Committee on
Finance.
| He also presented the petition of Susan
; Carlton, of Baltimore, widow and heir and
for the coheirs of David Wilson, praying to
be indemnified for spoliations committed^ by
] the French prior to the year 1801; which was
ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. JOHNSTON presented the petition of
Peter T. Schiecker, administrator de bonis non
of the estate of John Bnrt, deceased, praying
to be indemnified for spoliations committed by
the French prior to the year 1801; which was
| ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. ROBERTSON presented a presentment
j of the grand jury of the district court of the
II United States for the western district of South
] Carolina, for the August term 1872, held at
Greenville, South Carolina, in relation to the
erection of public buildings in that town;
i which was referred to the Committee on Pub-
lic Buildings and Grounds.
Mr. OSBORN presented the petition of
Allen Rutherford, of North Carolina, praying
to be allowed arrears of pension on account
of wounds received during the late war ; which
was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. DAVIS presented the memorial of
George S. Wright, administrator of John T.
Wright, deceased, praying compensation for
the services of the steamer America, in
June, 1855 ; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Claims.
Mr. HAMLIN. I have received and been
requested to present the memorial of Elizabeth
F. Thompson, who asks for a pension on
account of an adopted son of hers who was
killed in the late war. I move that this peti-
tion be referred to the Committee on Pensions,
together with the accompanying affidavits.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HAMLIN. I have also received and
been requested to present the memorial of the
president and faculty of the Maine State Col-
lege of Agriculture and Mechanic Arts, in
favor of additional appropriations for the sup-
port of the college. As that subject is now
before the Senate, I move that the memorial
lie on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SCHURZ presented the petition of W.
W. and C. D. Vasse, of Randolph county,
Missouri, grandsons and heirs and for the
coheirs of Ambrose Vasse, late of Virginia,
deceased, praying to be indemnified for spoli-
ations committed by the French prior to the
year 1801; which was ordered to lie on the
table.
Mr. EDMUNDS presented the memorial
of Brevet Brigadier General Benjamin S.
Roberts, United States Army, praying for
compensation for the use by the United
States of his patents on small arms and
ammunition ; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Claims.
Mr. CONKLING presented a petition of
Martin Kalbfleisch's sons, praying payment for
acids furnished to the assay office in the city
of New York in the years 1869 and 1870;
which was referred to the Committee on
Claims.
He also presented three petitions numer-
ously signed, from various counties of the State
of New York, praying for the prohibition of
the manufacture, importation, and sale of all
intoxicating liquors to be used as a beverage
within the jurisdiction of the United States;
which were referred to the Committee on
Finance.
Mr. CONKLING. I present, also, peti-
tions so numerous and so numerously signed
that perhaps I ought to make some statement
about them, but I refrain from doing so,
petitions signed by associations, affirmed by
resolutions, and supported by very numerous
signatures, touching the French spoliation
claims. I ask that these petitions lie on the
table.
The petitions were ordered to lie on the
table.
Mr. POMEROY. I have the honor to pre-
sent several petitions from the State of New
York and other States, asking for prohibitory
legislation in reference to the manufacture,
sale, and importation of intoxicating liquors.
I think that these petitions should go to the
Committee on the Judiciary, but I desire that
they should have the same reference that those
heretofore presented have taken.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator move the reference of the petitions pre*
sented by him to the Committee on the Ju'
diciary?
Mr. POMElROY. I want to know to what
committee those presented the other day were
referred ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The present
occupant of the chair was not present at that
time, but he is informed by the Secretary
that they were referred to the Committee on
Finance.
Mr. POMEROY. Then I ask that these
take the same reference.
The petitions were referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
Mr. NORWOOD presented the petition of
Thaddeus Oakman, of Augusta, Georgia, in
behalf of his wife, granddaughter and heir,
and for the coheirs of John F. Schmidt, late
of Charleston, South Carolina, deceased,
praying to be indemnified for spoliations com-
mitted by the French prior to the year 1801;
which was ordered to lie on the table.
