1994
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
to the Committee on Appropriations by the
District government. The House is aware 
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair may expe-
dite the decision of this question by inquir-
ing for what purpose this building is used?
Mr. SWANN. It is used mainly by the Gov-
ernment of the United States for the occupancy
of its judiciary. The District government has
retired from the building.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair rules that
this appropriation comes under the head of
contingent expenses to carry on the Govern-
ment. The point of order is overruled.
Mr. SWANN. I wish to be heard further
on this subject.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Cobdrn] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. COBURN. I have moved to amend
this paragraph by striking out "$75,000" and
inserting "$30.000l" This building only cost
the city $30,000 at the start. I will read from
an act passed in 1849 :
"To reimburso tho corporation of Washington tho
cost of erecting the half of tho City Ilall building,
granted to and occupied by tho Government for the
circuit, distriot. and criminal courts of the United
States. $30,000, the same to be oxpended by tho said
corporation in finishing the exterior of tho said
building undor the direction of the Secretary of the
Treasury."
The city of Washington, as appears from
this act, obtained $30,000 for one half of this
building many years ago. Now, after twenty-
three years me of the building, the District
authorities want us to pay in the (it'st instance.
$100,000; and then the amount is cut down
to $75,000. It seems to me that $30,000 is
ample payment for the building. There is no
necessity of any reasoning about the matter.
The records show that the building only cost
tho city $30,000; and therefore the District
authorities are not entitled to receive any more
for it.
Mr. SWANN. The gentleman from Indi-
ana [Mr. Coiiurn] is entirely mistaken in his
statement as to tho cost of this building.
Judiciary square, upon which the building is
situated, belongs exclusively to the Govern-
ment, with tho exception of the City Hall,
which cost originally about $150,000, the Gov-
ernment contributing a very small proportion
of the cost. The city represents an interest
in this building of the amount above stated,
lor which she has a just claim upon the Gov-
ernment. The city government now proposes
to turn over its interest in the building, which
is now used almost exclusively by the United
States courts, to the Government for such sum
as the Committee, on Appropriations may
think proper and reasonable.
The sub-committee who had this matter in
charge examined into the cost of the building
and the general condition of that property
so far as it appertained to the courts of the
Government. I found, sir, in order to repro-
duce a hall suitable for the accommodation
of' the courts it could not be done at aless sum
than perhaps two hundred or two hundred and
fifty thousand dollars. I believe at the exist-
ing rates of labor and materials, as things
now stand, the Government might be involved
in an expense of perhaps $300,000 in re-
producing that property. The price at which
it is iixerl by the Committee on Appropria-
tions is $7;").000 ; a very moderate sum for
such a building as the City Hall.
Mr. CRKBS. Why is it in this paragraph
the committee say they shall buy land between
Seventh and Ninth streets on Louisiana
avenue? Why do we fix the place?
Mr. ROOSEVELT. I move to strike out
the entire paragraph.
The CHAIRMAN. The pending question
must first be disposed of. First, to strike out
"$100,000" and insert " $30,000," and strike
out "$75,000" and insert "$30,000."
Mr. COBURN. That is a mistake; there
is no motion for an appropriation of $100,000.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I will state that
the committee reported $75,000 but the printer
got it $100,000.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is exhausted.
Mr. CHIPMAN. Mr. Chairman, I have a
letter on this matter which was brought to the
attention of Congress through the memorial
of the Governor, from the supreme court of the
District, stating that the entire building is
needed for the courts of the District. These
are United States courts. In every city of
the Union Congress has provided means for
holding United States courts, and what has
been remarked by the gentleman from Mary-
land, [Mr. Swann,] who has charge of this item,
is true. The building could not be erected to-
day for this sum. The reimbursement here ia
only $75,000, which practically is but a reim-
bursement of one half of tlieamountexpended
by the District. 1 believe that is all that ought
to be said on the subject.
Mr. MERRICK. Mr. Chairman, it is ab-
solutely necessary the Government should
have possession of that building for the pur-
pose of holding its courts. Business has in-
creased during many years past to such a de-
gree that it is necessary the Government
should have entire possession of this structure.
To be sure some years ago it was sufficient.
But now, so far as the dispensation of justice
in this District is concerned, it is necessary we
shoul I provide appropriate accommodations
for the United States courts. The proposition
I think is notonlyjust, butgenerous on the part
of the corporate authorities of this District,
and it is no more than reasonable they should
have the allowances asked for made to them.
The property to the Government is worth more
than double tho appropriation provided for in
the bill. It is false economy in my judgment
to object to this, and 1 hope the objection to
the amendment of the committee will not pre-
vail.
The CHAIRMAN. The question recurs
on Mr. Column's amendment, to strike out
"$76,000" and insert "$30,000."
The committee divided t and there were—
ayes 41; noes 08.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. ROOSEVELT. I move to amend by
striking out all after the words "United
States," in line six hundred and seven, and
inserting the words "to be expended under
the direction of the Secretary of the Interior."
Mr. Chairman, I wish to explain as far as I
can to the House the real purpose of this pro-
vision as I apprehend it. It is in order that
the property belonging to some of the mem-
bers of this Board of Public Works may be
purchased, and you will be surprised when you
look at that clauste to see the peculiar phrase-
ology which has been used. In the first place,
there is no provision that the Board of Public
Works shall expend this money at all until you
come to the clause which 1 move to strikeout,
and which reads as follows: "And the Gov-
ernor and Board of Public Works are author-
ized ;" the Governor is a part of the Board of
Public Works, and need not be named at all ;
but it provides:
And the Governor and Board of Public Works
are authorized, if they deem it advisable for that
purpose, to make arrangements to secure sufficient
land fronting on Pennsylvania and Louisiana ave-
nues, between Seventh and Ninth streets.
If you will think but a moment it will be
apparent they will locate there or anywhere
else unless some legal or technical difficulty is
in the way, and that legal and technical diffi-
culty arises directly with this company of which
they are stockholders desiring to sell that
property to themselves at an exorbitant figure.
I do not agree with the remark made by gen-
tlemen on the floor as to the necessity of this
purchase. Having been required to examine
it last year, I still think if the House passes
this provision it will allow these gentlemen to
purchase their own property for this purpose.
The building was examined last year by tho
Committee for the District, as they had beeu
informed that the J3oard of Public Works did
not find sufficient accommodation in it, and
wanted to hire other premises. They hired
two additional buildings and left this almost
entirely; so that it will be seen that they had
no further possible conceivable use for it;
and it was not until that time that the idea
entered their minds to sell it to the United
States, placing on our shoulders this expend-
iture of $100,000. And then they united with
that the further intention of buying property
which belongs to a company in which they
are interested as stockholders, if I apprehend
the latter part of this proposition correctly,
and I believe that I do; because I imagine
that under no other circumstances would they
have put that clause in. Now, all I ask by
my amendment is simply this: that they shall
not be authorized to buy property there, but
that it shall be the duty of the Secretary of
the Interior to buy property for the purpose,
wherever it may he found desirable, and at a
fair price.
Mr. ELDREDGE. My friend from New
York [Mr. Roosevelt] has studied this sub-
ject so much, and devoted his attention to it
to such an extent that lie cannot get any-
thing into his head, I believe, except oppo-
sition to the Board of Works, as he calls it
for short. Now, Mr. Chairman, as I under-
stand this proposition, it is simply this : there
is an open space, a reservation belonging to
the United States, upon which it is desirable
to have built a ball for the use of the officials
of the city of Washington ; and they propose
to build a hall worthy of the city, one that will
be suitable for conventions to assemble in, one
that shall be capable of accomodating such as-
semblages as may gather here for the whole
country of the United States. My friend from
New York cannot see beyond the single idea
that there is something fraudulent in this
thing; and ho says, gratuitously I think, that
perhaps the object of these gentlemen is to
sell to themselves or to sell to the city some
of their own property. Now I ask the gen-
tleman to state candidly if he knows that
fact to be true,
Mr. ROOSEVELT. I understand that it is.
Mr. ELDREDGE. Or whether be states it
as a mere piece of scandal, coming from some
gossiping old woman, with which he has filled
his head, without there being any truth in it.
Mr. ROOSEVELT. The gentleman speaks
of a reservation 
Mr. ELDREDGE. Will the gentleman
answer my question? Does he know what he
has stated here to be a fact, that these gentle-
man own any property which they desire to
have purchased for the purpose of this build-
ing which they propose to erect.
Mr. ROOSEVELT. I was informed that
it was the property of the Metropolitan Mar-
ket Company which they intended to purchase.
Mr. ELDREDGE. There is no purchase
about it. That is the property of the United
Ststfis
Mr. ROOSEVELT. I am informed that, it
is the property of the company of which they
are stockholders.
Mr. ELDREDGE. There is not a single
member of the Board of Public Works who
owns a dollar's interest in that property. I
state that now as a fact. The gentleman has
been misinformed by the men who have come
and whispered these scandals into his ears.
Mr. ROOSEVELT. Does the gentleman
deny that they are interested in that property ?
Mr. ELDREDGE. I say th.it, it is the
property of the United States, and that they
do not desire one single foot of property be-
yond the property of the United States ; and I
say that what the gentleman from New York
has stated here is slander. I do not say that
the gentleman means to be guilty of slander,
although I might perhaps infer that from the
ready belief he giyes to those who get up these
scandals.
