1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
I desire to have read at the Clerk's desk the
statement of Chief Justice Cartter, and the
other justices in regard to this matter.
The Clerk read as follows :
City Hall, Washington, D. C.,
February 10,1872.
Sik : Yon inquire of the justices as to the City Hall
accommodations for holding the several courts under
the authority of the supreme court of this District.
The City Hall furnishes three chambers capable
of accommodating the courts, to wit: the circuit
court-room, the criminal court-room, and chancery
court-room. These three rooms are occupied by the
several courts, including the supreme court in gen-
eral term, substantially throughout the year.
The remaining habitable rooms of the City 30-ill
are occupied by the marshal, the clerk, recoraer
of deeds, register of wills, surveyor of the District,
and the law association, with their library.
Before the organization of the present govern-
ment of the District the circuit court-room was oc-
cupied in common with the city council—the council
sitting at night; the present equity and probate
court-room by the board of aldermen. This joint
occupancy was incompatible with the comfort or
convenience of either.
Proper regard for the public scrvicc required more
room, and, as the matter now stands, we have no
more chamber accommodation than is indispensable
to properly work the courts. Indeed, we have no
room at all for the accommodation of the justice
holding a United States district court.
D. K. CARTTiSR,
Chief Justice.
A. B. OLIN,
A. WYLIE,
D. C. HUMPHREYS,
ARTHUR MeARTHUR.
The question recurred upon agreeing to the
amendment of Mr. Roosevelt.
Mr. CHIPMAN. I think there is some
misapprehension as to the scope of the
language of this provision. It does not au-
thorize the board absolutely to purchase, but
only to make arrangements about the secur-
ing of the property. The securing of the
property must be done hereafter by Congress.
This does not authorize the board to disburse
the money ; it only gives the board authority
to make arrangements to secure the property.
The question was taken on Mr. Roosevelt's
amendment; and on a division, there were—
ayes 42, noes 98.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
The question recurred upon Mr. Roosevelt's
motion to strike out the paragraph.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move to strike
out the words "the Governor and Board of
of Public Works," and to insert in lieu thereof
" the government of the District of Columbia;"
so that it will read:
For the purchase by the United States of the
interest of the District of Columbia in the present
City Hall building in Washington, now used solely
for Government purposes, such sum as may be de-
termined by three impartial appraisers to be selected
by the Secretary of the Interior, not exceeding
$100,000, the same to be applied by said District only
for the erection of a suitable building for the Dis-
trict offices and the government of the District of
Columbia is authorized, if it deems it advisable for
that purpose, to make arrangements to secure suffi-
cient land fronting on Pennsylvania and Louisiana
avenues, between Seventh and Ninth streets.
This will authorize the government of the
District of Columbia to obtain ground for this
purpose if they can. I do not see why we
should put this authority in the hands of the
Board of Public Works and give them the
control as to what site shall be purchased
for a government building for the District of
Columbia, and especially when this Board of
Public Works is not free from suspicion; and
in view of all the charges made against them,
it seems to me that this Congress ought to be
chary in conferring more power upon them.
Mr. GARFIELD, ol Ohio. I have no ob-
jection t,o that amendment.
Mr. ELDREDGE. I rise to oppose the
amendment, and I want to say one word. I
would like to know what the gentleman from
Illinois means by the District government?
Wherein, I ask him, is there any benefit to
be secured by making that amendment? What
is the District government?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Do you want an
answer ?
Mr. ELDREDGE. Yes.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I will give it to you
in a very few words. The District govern-
ment is in fact the Board of Public Works, but
it is by law composed of a council and an
Assembly and a Governor, but the Board of
Public Works is in fact running the whole
machine.
Mr. ELDREDGE. I cannot let the gen-
tleman answer me in that way. The gentle-
man has given the very best reason in the
world why we should not make this change;
he has given the best reason that the bill is
right as it now stands. The gentleman says
that the Board of Public Works is the District
government. I undertake to say that the gen-
tleman is wrong as to that. The District
government is composed of a Legislature of
two bodies, one appointed by the President
and one elected by the people. They have to
pass laws and to appoint commissioners.
They cannot act as a government. They
must act through their agents, and what better
agents can they have than a Governor and a
board appointed by the Federal Government?
Why then go to work by'indirection in this
way ? Why not let the Governor of the Dis-
trict of Columbia and these gentlemen who
compose the Board of Public Works act on
their own responsibility, and if they act
wrongly the President can remove them ?
[Here the hammer fell.]
The question was taken on Mr. Farns-
worth's amendment; and on a division there
were—ayes thirty, noes not counted.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
The question recurred ou the motion of Mr.
Roosevelt to strike out the paragraph.
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. Before the ques-
tion is taken on the motion to strike out this
paragraph, I move to amend it by adding the
following:
And no money shall be expended under this pro-
vision until authority is given by Congress, after a
report by the Governor and Board of Public "Works,
as to the selection made by them as herein author-
ized.
My idea is that if they are authorized to
make this selection all difficulty would be
obviated by requiring them to make report to
us, so that if we approve their action we can
make an appropriation to carry it out.
Mr. POTTER. I rise to oppose the amend-
ment. I do not often trouble the House about
matters not directly before it.
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. At the sugges-
tion of the gentleman from Maryland [Mr.
Swann] I will withdraw my amendment.
Mr. POTTER. I hope the amendment of
the gentleman will not be withdrawn until I
can say a word.
Mr. ROOSEVELT. T renew the amend-
ment, and yield to my colleague.
Mr. POTTER. I desire to say a few words,
not very germane perhaps to this amendment,
but which relate to the city of Washington,
and since if this paragraph shall be stricken
out I shall have no other opportunity to refer
to the matter, I take advantage of this amend-
ment to do so.
On yesterday my eloquent friend from Ohio
[Mr. Stevenson] spoke of the city of Wash-
ington as one of the most frivolous and extrav-
agant cities in the United States. When taken
to task for it by the Delegate from this District,
he justified himself by saying that he alluded
only to the floating population of the city.
Now, as 1 have always lived in a remote quar-
ter of the town, in a little house of my own, I
am not very well fitted to say how far the
gentleman may have been justified in his re-
marks. It would not be strange, sir, if in a
city like this, with a large floating population
coming and going from year to year, there
should be many of the character to which he
alludes. What I desire to notice, however, is
his reference to another portion of the people
of Washington. In order to give the exact
words used by the gentleman on yesterday to
which I refer, and which seem to me unjust, I
will quote from his remarks:
" Mr.ChaiTman, while that term may not in any
sense be applied to the old, permanent, aristocratic
population of this city in their wealth, K ran dour,
and pride, based chiefly on long-continued receipts
from the Treasury of the United States,'who Will -
compare favorably with any capital city, yet-Ido
say that"  , . ■
Now, it seems to me, Mr. Chairman, that
in this the gentleman entirely misapprehended
that portion of the people-of Washington to
which he there alluded. If Washington pre-
sents any charms at all, and to me it presents
many, it is in the fact that of all the cities in
the Union with which I am acquainted it rs
the one where the possession of wealth is of
the least importance. That class of its citi-
zens who have long been resident here, and
whom my friend speaks of as " aristocratic in
their grandeur and pride," I presume possess
less wealth than any other equal number of
population of like position in any great city in
this country.
For myself, I think the special advantage
of this Washington aristocracy, as the gentle-
man calls them, is that, to get the benefit of all
society has to give here, wealth is not necessary.
Let me illustrate by a case I now have in mind,
of a member of one of those old families to
which the gentleman refers as aristocratic in
their wealth and pride; a lady, born in this
class, her father an officer who served the
Government with great distinction in the
Army, and her husband an officer who served
with eredit in the Navy. They in that way
lived upon the public Treasury, as my friend
says. When her husband and father died, this
lady was left a widow with childrfen and with
no means for their support, for such is the
common result to those who live, to adhere to
the gentleman's phrase, on the public Treas-
ury of this Government. Another of this lady's
family dying, she took the children of that
other member to bring up. Thus- she found
herself here, a woman young in years, sur-
rounded by those dependent on her and with-
out means. Her friends procured her a clerk-
ship in one of the Departments, for which
she receives a salary of a thousand or twelve
hundred dollars a year—not very much for ex-
travagance or grandeur; and yet everybody
who knows her will bear me out in saying that
she is not only an estimable, refined, and at-
tractive lady—that she is by nature—but that
besides, poor as she is, she goes among the
best society and receives the best people
equally as if she were indeed rich. I have been
at her house and I have always found it plain
to the last degree ; but I have also found there
agreeable and worthy people who seek her
modest quarters as readily as if she were in
truth rich and grand. And this is a case which
could hardly happen in any other capital, an
advantage which exists in the same degree in
no other great city with which I am acquainted.
Mr. Chairman, there are many gentlemen
in this House who will 1 am sure bear me out
in the statement that wealth is not so necessary
here as in other chief cities. In ail the other
great cities of the country society, so called, is
in a degree closed to those of slender means.
I am glad therefore here to-night, when I am
about closing my present service iu this city, to
which I may not return, to take this oppor-
tunity to say that so far from the aristocracy
of Washington, (I mean that portion of its
citizens to whom the gentleman from Ohio
alluded by that term,) so far from this class of
the citizens of Washington being sticklers for
grandeur or wealth or fashion, the charm of
the place is precisely the contrary ; that it is
a place where the best people can come and go,
can enter society,, and receive at home as they
please, even if they have nothing but a small
Government salary to support them, equally
with those whose means are larger.
I foresee a great future for this city. The
growing centralization of the country cannot
