72
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 9,
each question," and this order can be revoked
at any time the Senate see fit. If this bill is
not objected to, it is before the Senate, and
Senators will be entitled to speak five minutes
upon it. I
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to hear it
read.
The VICE PRKS1 DENT. The Secretary
will report the title of the bill. If it is ob-
jected to, it cannot be considered.
Mr. MORTON. I wish to make an inquiry.
It" no objection is made to taking up a bill,
and the Senate proceed to its consideration,
can an objectiou be subsequently made to
stop it?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It has been ruled
heretofore when the Senate has been acting
under this rule, that if in the course of debate
the fact should be elicited that a bill is objec-
tionable, a Senator has a right to object. The
object of the rule is to take up unobjected bills
and dispose of them.
Mr. STEWART. It might be well to let
the bill be read for information, so that Sen-
ators may know whether to object to it or not.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Any Senator has
the right to call for the reading of the bill.
Mr. ANTHONY. My recollection is quite
distinct and in accordance with the ruling of
the Chair. The idea of the resolution was that
we should pass those bills that could be passed
without any considerable debate. If a bill was
taken up without objection, and then it became
apparent that it was going to consume a con-
siderable length of time, the spirit of the reso-
lution being that we should dispose of the
unobjected cases, objection might be made at
any time. I recollect hearing Senators say,
" This is going to give rise to debate; let it go
over," at any time during the debate on a bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That has been
the practice heretofore under this rule, it being
a rule intended simply to reach unobjected
bills.
Mr. FENTON. Do I understand the Sen-
ator from Rhode Island to object to this bill?
Mr. ANTHONY. Oh, no ; I do not.
Tne VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will again report the title of the bill. It was
made a special order several times at the last
session, but was not reached.
The Chief Clerk read the title of the bill
S. No. 2.
Mr. HAMLIN. Mr. President, I think that
bill was reported by the Committee on Finance.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It was.
Mr. HAMLIN. I should like to know if it
has received the consideration of the appro-
priate committee to which it belongs, the
Committee on Commerce ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It was reported
by the Committee on Finance. There was
some discussion as to whether it should not
receive the consideration of the Committee
on Commerce at the last session, but no action
was taken on it.
Mr. HAMLIN. It is an important matter,
and there are a variety of questions connected
with the collection of our revenue, all of which
are so related to each other that they may well
be grouped if anything be done; and it seems
to me a wise thing, if we go into the consider-
ation of this subject, that we go into it in full,
and that we should have a report from a,
committee to which it appropriately belongs.
Under these circumstances, and at this stage,
I object to the consideration of the bill now.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Maine objects, and the bill remains on the
Calendar; and the Chair will state that a bill
loses nothing by remaining on the Calendar.
It retains the precise place it held before.
Mr. SCOTT. I rise to inquire whether, in
executing this order, we should not commence
with the reports of committees of conference?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The special
orders have priority over reports of commit-
tees of conference. If the Senator supposes
the reports of committees of conference which
are named on the Calendar can be passed
without objection, the Secretary will report
the titles of those bills. The Secretary will
read the title of the first committee of confer-
ence report unacted on at the last session.
Mr. FENTON. Pending that, may I inquire
whether Senate bill No. 2 loses its place as a
special order?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It does not.
Returning it to the Calendar does not affect
it in the slightest degree; it remains on the
Calendar precisely in the same position as
before. The Secretary will read the title of
the first bill reported by a committee of con-
ference at the last session.
Mr. SHERMAN. I dislike to interrupt the
Chair, but there are three bills before those
reports; what disposition has been made of
them ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The first bill
printed at the head was referred at this ses-
sion, being a bill (H. R. No. 2984) to purchase
a site for a public building in Pittsburg.
The second bill the Chair ought to have sub-
mitted before, perhaps, aud will submit now,
as it will have to be referred or laid on the
table, or otherwise acted upon.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think we had better go
on properly and in order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The third bill
in the list referred to by the Senator from
Ohio involves a question about which there is
some difference of opinion.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think we had better
commence at the very top of the Calendar and
go through, giving everybody a fair chance.
I do not know that those three bills will meet
with objection.
steam pressure on tow boats.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will report the amendment of the House of
Representatives to Senate bill No. 1184, re-
lating to the limitation of steam pressure on
towing and freight boats on the Mississippi
river and its tributaries. This is an amend-
ment of the House of Representatives received
from the House June 10. The rule states
that bills not objected to shall be taken up in
their order. This is an amendment to a bill,
but the Chair supposes it may be considered
under this rule if there is no objection. The
Secretary will report the amendment of the
House of Representatives.
The Chief Clbrk. The House passed the
bill with the following amendment:
Add to the bill this proviso :
Provided, That there shall also be, for the period
of one year from and after the passage of this act, a
suspension of the provisions of any existing law or
of any regulations under the law, requiring t he use
of the following articles, or imposing restrictions
upon steamboats of the following articles or restric-
tions: lock-up safety-Valves; registering steam-
gauges; pipes to carry steam into hold of vessel;
low-water indicators, and testing pumps; and rules
and regulations of the board of inspectors shall con-
form for the time being to this provision.
The amendment of the House of Represent-
atives was concurred in.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There is also
upon the table from the last day of the last
session a message from the House of Repre-
sentatives in regard to the bill (8. No. 245)
amendatory of an act authorizing the construc-
tion of a bridge across the Arkansas river, on
which there was one conference committee in
February, 1872. The Senate agreed to the
report of the committee of conference, but the
House disagreed. The House then asked a
further committee of conference, and the ques-
tion before the Senate is, will the Senate agree
to a further conference ? The Chair supposes,
if there is no objection, it may come under
this rule, although it is quite a stretching of
the Anthony rule to bring such a case within it,
Mr. CONKLING. I move to reconsider the
vote by which the last preceding amendment
was agreed to, in order to make an inquiry, the
necessity of which grows in part out of my
own inadvertence, as a Senator was speaking
to me. I ask to have read, if there bp no
objection, the amendment of the House of
Representatives to the preceding bill which we
agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
withhold the other bill and the Secretary will
report the House amendment to Senate bill
No. 1184 on the motion to reconsider at the
request of the Senator from New York.
Mr. CONKLING. My impression is that
the Senate did something that it was not aware
of.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair did
not present these matters because they seemed
to involve debate and not to be within the
spirit of the rule, but on the request of Sen-
ators the Chair submitted them.
The Chief Clerk again read the amendment
of the House of Representatives to Senate bill
No. 1184.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from New York moves to reconsider the vote
by which the Senate agreed to the amendment.
Mr. CONKLING. The Senate will see, I
think—it seems to me that I see—that that
amendment goes very much beyond the ori-
ginal text of the bill, which is a bill relating to
towing and freight boats on the Mississippi
river and its tributaries. Now I understand
this amendment to cover the whole jurisdiction
of the United States—all boats whatever, ferry-
boats and every sort of craft. If that be so,
and if my memory of the history of this amend-
ment is right, then I hope it will lie over until
we can understand exactly the force of what
we are about to do.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on reconsidering the vote by which the Senate
agreed to this amendment.
Mr. SCOTT. Mr. President, I would state
that the purpose of the original section of that
bill is accomplished in a section which was
added to the Ohio river bridge bill. The effect
of this amendment I am not sure of, and 1
think it as well it should lie over until there is
time to examine it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will then be
passed over, the question being regarded as
pending on agreeing to the amendment. It
will be regarded as reconsidered if there be no
objection.
Mr. THURMAN. Let the amendment be
printed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Ohio moves that the amendment be
printed.
The motion was agreed to.
arkansa3 bivbr bridge.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
now again present the bill in regard to a
bridge on the Arkansas river, upon which
the two Houses have failed to agree upon the
report of a committee of conference. A
second committee is asked by the House of
Representatives. The title of the bill will be
reported.
The Chief Clerk. A bill (S. No. 245)
amendatory of an act authorizing the con-
struction of a bridge across the Arkansas
river.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senate
agreed to the report of the first committee of
conference, but the House disagreed and asked
for another committee of conference. The
question is: will the Senate agree to the fur-
ther conference asked by the House? The
Chair hears no objection. How shall the con-
ference be appointed?
By unanimous consent, the Vice President
was authorized to appoint the conferees on the
part of the Senate.
lake st. croix and superior railroad.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The next bill is
the first one reported on by a committee of
conference at the last session which was left
unacted on, being the bill (S. No. 665) to
extend the time to the State of Wisconsin to
complete a road from Lake St. Croix to Lake
