1996
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
fail to' lead to its increase in population and
wealth. It will have better streets, grander
mansions, finer equipages, and more wealthy
people than now. But I doubtwhetherin such
grander and wealthier days, when the com-
ments of the gentleman from Ohio will be
more deserved than they are at present, Wash-
ington will be even as desirable or agreeable a
residence as it is now.
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. I am unable to
see what the remarks of the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Potter] have to do with the
amendment. I withdraw my amendment.
Mr. ROOSEVELT. Mr. Speaker, I renew
the amendment. I am very glad to have heard
the remarks of my colleague from New York,
[Mr. Potter ;] they were exceedingly interest-
ing and entertaining to me, as I have no doubt
they were to the re8t of the House. He evi-
dently had on his mind and heart some beau-
tiful young being whom he has just been visit-
ing, [laughter,] and while I almost envy him
the pleasure which I am very sure he has had
from this particular event, I can .most heartily
coincide with everything he has said as to the
attractiveness, the loveliness, the beauty of the
ladies of Washington. 1 do not know whether
we speak about the same one, [laughter,] but
we can unite on every one, 011 any he prefers.
His very confidence seems to alfect not only
himself but the gentleman from Wisconsin,
[Mr. Eijdbedge,] who spoke a few moments
ago. The confidence of the latter gentleman
is still more beautiful, still more touching, still
more unexpected. The confidence which the
gentleman from Wisconsin has in the Board
of Public Works of this city is something
beautiful to heboid.
Mr. N15GLBY. It is only equaled by the
gentleman's simplicity.
Mr. ROOSEVELT. Or the simplicity of
the chairman of the committee which reports
so many interesting bills in which there are so
many very big things. But I have not time
to refer to that gentleman ; I must confine my
remarks to the gentleman from Wisconsin ; I
shall not get through with him before my five
minutes expire.
The Board of Public Works came before
our committee not long ago asking an appro-
priation of $1,240,000. The gentleman from
Wisconsin had entire confidence that that
proposition was entirely right, and he stood up
here on various occasions to sustain it. Then
the board came before us again with an appro-
priation to improve the harbor of Washington,
and 1 will tellyou precisely howitwasiobedone.
There was to be a survey of the harbor, and
that survey was to bo made by the Board of
Public Works. And then there was to be a
company organized for filling the harbor ; this
company was to have certain wharfage priv-
ileges and certain rights to the land reclaimed;
and the company was to be the Board of Public
Works.
Then there was to be a commission ap-
pointed and that was to fix how mucn the
United States should pay for filling in streets
through made land, and that commission was
to be the Board of Public Works. When this
land was made, some thousands of acres of
laud out in the Potomac river belonging to
this company, being the Board of Public Works
in a new form, some hundreds of acres was to be
soldtothe United States Goverment. Two hun-
dred and fifty acres were to be sold to the United
States Government at a price to he fixed by
another commission, that commission also the
Board of Public Works. I think a thing like that
should have aroused the suspicion of my friend,
but it does not seem to have done so. I should
not liko to accuse him of want of judgment as
well as want of common sense, of which he ac-
cused me. Bui I think the fact of such a propo-
sition would have awakened his suspicion. But
so far from that, another proposition was pre-
sented by which the Board of Public Works
was to take charge of the colored schools in
the city from the Secretary of the Interior,
and that they have appointed, contrary to the
decision of the House committee, by getting it
put in as ati amendment to the Senate amend-
ment.
Here the hammer fell.
Mr. ELDREDGE. I rise to oppose the
amendment.
Mr. ROOSEVELT. I withdraw it.
Mr. ELDREDGE. I renew it. Mr. Chair-
man, my friend from New York [Mr. Roose-
velt] says I have intimated he had no conlmon
sense. Now, I submit to the committee I have
not said any such thing. It is a figment of his
own brain, and isasuspicion, notwithstanding
all the opinions I bad entertained of him,
which had not occured to me. But, altogether,
I am inclined to think he is right in the point
he has stated. The gentleman has also stated
that the Board of Public Works suggested the
improvement of the harbor, but his insinuation
was that in all that I supported them.
Mr. ROOSEVELT. The gentleman is mis-
taken.
Mr. ELDREDGE. When I put the ques-
tion, do you mean to insinuate I had anything
to do with that? his argument ran in that
direction. When the gentleman says I voted
for any proposition of that kind he states what
lie knew to be untrue.
Mr. ROOSEVELT. The gentleman knows
well I made no such statement, and it is un-
necessary for him to take any such course,
which he now seems anxious to take. I said
his suspicion ought to have been aroused if he
had not been the perfection of innocence. It
was a compliment I was paying to him.
Mr. ELDREDGE. It is one of those com-
pliments which comes from the quality I sug-
gested he possessed, and that is the want of
common sense.
Mr. ROOSEVELT. That is very probable.
Mr. ELDREDGE. It comes from that
vacancy he suggested himself; I did not sug-
gest it. He said 1 stood on this floor advocat-
ing these propositions. I have never spoken
one word before to night, in this session ot' Con-
gress, advocating the Board of Public Works
or any other interest in the city of Washington.
I have voted as it was my duty to vote; but
when the gentleman says I stood up advocating
those things he either said what he knew to be
false or he said what he knew to be true. I
have never spoken 011 the subject. I have
been a quiet member of the House, in com-
mittee and in the House.
Mr. ROOSEVELT. I wish to ask the gen-
tleman a question.
Mr. ELDREDGE. The gentleman mnst
not interrupt me. I will not be a minute. He
has already taken my time and broken the
remarks I desired to say. The gentleman has
spoken on the floor in this House and written
speeches which would occupy three hours each
during the session of Congress in coarse vitu
peration and slander of the Board of Public
Works and the District government unequaled
in the House of Representatives since I have
been a member for ten years. I have not ut-
tered a word in reply. I have only replied
to-night in a gentle kind of way, suggesting
he did not know what he stated, or he had
some one who was supplying false information
to him. He is terribly sensitive, I know.
Some one has filled his mind with falsehood
and slander ; and he has been gettiug up here
constantly on this floor during this session to
the disgust of members, indulging in abuse ad
nauseam, so that people, when he rises now,
are afraid he will occupy the time of the House
in the discussion of the same old stale subject
on which he has already taken up so much
time 30 fruitlessly.
Now, the gentleman from New York is not
the man to talk to me about what I am
doing in this House, and about my being
controlled by any influence or power. I have
never gone back upon the Board hf Pub-
lic Works. I have never asked anything of
them. I have never had anything of them.
I do not desire anything of them. But I do
desire to see the city of Washington built up,
and so far as I can I wish to help that work.
And if they had rendered me favors when I
had done so, and placed me in high position,
and given me power and influence, I certainly
would not have gone back on them as the
member from New York did 011 Tammany.
Mr. ROOSEVELT rose.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. We have had
this fight here so many times that I think the
committee will now consent to aid me in clos-
ing debate. I move the committee rise for the
purpose.
Mr. ROOSEVELT. I would appeal to the
gentleman from Ohio 
The CHAIRMAN. The motion that the
committee rise is not debatable.
Mr. ROOSEVELT. I appeal to the gentle-
man from Ohio to allow me a few moments
to reply.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The public
business must be allowed to proceed.
Mr. ROOSEVELT. I think the gentleman
should allow me two or three moments to
reply to the gentleman from Wisconsin.
The motion that the committee rise was
agreed to.
'So the committee rose; and Mr. Dawes
as Speaker^iro tempore having taken the chair,
Mr. Wheeler reported that the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union had had
under consideration the state of the Union
generally, and particularly the bill (H. R.
No. 4051) making appropriations to supply
deficiencies in the appropriations for the ser-
vice of the Government for the fiscal year
ending June 30, 1873, and for other purposes,
and had come to no resolution thereon.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I move that
the rules he suspended, and that the House
resolve itself into Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union to resume consideration
of the special order ; and pending that motion
I move that all debate on the pending para-
graph be closed in one half minute.
The motion to close debate was agreed to.
The next question recurred on the motion
to go into committee.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly iesolved itself into
the Committee of the Whole 011 the state of
the Union. (Mr. Wheeler in the chair,) and
resumed the consideration of the bill (fi. R.
No. 4051) making appropriations to supply
deficiencies in the appropriations for the ser-
vice of the Government for the fiscal year
ending June 30, 1873, and for other purposes.
The CHAIRMAN. By order of the House
debate is closed on the pending paragraph.
The question is first on the amendment of the
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Roosevelt,]
originally offered by the gentleman from Ken-
tucky, [Mr. Beck,] which the Clerk will read.
The Clerk read, as follows :
Add to the amendment the following:
But no money shall be expended under these pro-
visions until authorized by Congress, after a report
is made by the Governor ;nui Board ot Public Works
as to the selection made by them as herein author-
ised.
Mr. COBURN. I move to amend the amend-
ment by adding to it as follows:
Provided, The Government of the United States
sliall not be liable lor any expenditure for said land,
or for the purchase money therefor, or for the build-
ing to be orected thereon, and no land or the us&
thereof is hereby granted for the purpose of erect-
ing anj7 buildings thereon for such building.
The amendment to tho amendment was
adopted—ajes Hghty-fonr, noe-* not counted.
Th« CHAIRMAN. Tho question is next
on the amendment of the gentleman from
Nw\v \ osk [Mr. Roosevelt] now amended.
Mr. liljDUl'jDGLi. That will simply put it
oft a yea.r : that ih all the objoct of it.
Mr. HOIjMAN. I objcct to debate.
