losa
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 1,
Mr. DONNAN. Allow me to say one
■word. I am willing that the amendment of
the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Holman]
should be adopted, if that is satisfactory to the
committee, and then that the bill shall be
favorably reported to the House.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair does not
understand that the amendment of the gentle-
man from Indiana is now pending.
Mr. DONNAN. _ I understood that the
gentleman from Indiana desired to renew his
amendment.
Mr. HOLMAN. The amendment that I
now offer is not entirely satisfactory to myself;
I prefer the phraseology of the amendment
which I originally offered. I move now to
add to the amendment reported by the com-
mittee the words "and to the original claim-
ant only, or his personal representative, but
no assignment of any such claim shall be
valid."
Mr. ELDREDGE. I desire to say a word
or two on that amendment, if it is debatable.
The CHAIRMAN. It is debatable.
Mr. ELD BED GE. Gentlemen all around
me say "let us go home." That is all very
good, for it is Saturday, and we have been at
work all the week. But I want to know what
is the purpose of the gentleman from Indiana
[Mr. Holman] in seeking to prevent the
assignment of these claims. As I understand
it these are poor men who, for the purpose of
obtaining bread to eat, have been compelled to
sell their claims. And why should they not
have an opportunity to sell them? Why should
we endeavor to put this whole matter into the
hands of some grand speculator, who can take
the whole of these claims? My friend from
Indiana always pretends to be an advocate of
the interests of the people.
Mr. EARNSWORTH. Allow me to in-
quire 
Mr. ELDREDGE. I do not want the gen-
tleman to inquire until I get through what I
have to say. I do not know that anybody ever
purchased one of these claims; I do not
know who owns thes'e claims. But the only
question with me is whether the original claim
is an honest one. That it seems to me is the
real truest ion for us to consider. The ques-
tion is whether originally this Government
owed any individual. If we do owe him, then
why should he not, if his necessities require
him to <lo so, have an opportunity to trans-
fer to another his claim against the Govern-
ment? Why should we undertake to discount
these claims, to lessen their value, to destroy
their worth by saying that they shall not be
transferred, so that if a poor man sells his
claim he must sell it for less than its real
value, because his assignee will not know
that he can ever obtain from the Government
the value of the claim? I cannot imagine
why the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Hol-
man] should seek to put this restriction upon
this bill. I will now bear the inquiry of the
gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Farnswohtii.]
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I think I can give
a very good reason for potting this restriction
on these claims. It is to prevent persons from
being able to purchase false, fraudulent, and
rotten claims, and coming here, and by lobby-
ing persistently about the House, and by pro-
curing false testimony in support of them, get-
ting them passed through Congress. No one
doubts that Congress is willing to admit a
wholesome and honest claim.
Mr. ELDREDGE. The gentleman says his
purpose is to prevent lobbyists from coming
here and getting through dishonest claims. I
advocate no dishonest claims. .Thegentleman
can have all of those claims in his own interest,
and advocate them if he pleases.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I think that 
Mr. ELDREDGE. I wish the gentleman
would keep still till I get through. If these
claims are honest, I say that the parties own-
ing them should have the right to assign
them, if for their interest to do so. There is
no reason why they should not be permitted to
sell them for what they are worth. I do not
see that the restriction proposed to this bill
would help the gentleman in his purpose of
protecting the Government against the pre-
sentation of dishonest claims. It is the honest
claims, those which have been approved, those
which the Government really owes, that I in-
sist should be sold by the men who have them,
if their interests require it and they desire to
sell them. I see no reason why they should
not assign them. And if a man is willing to
pay their value, I see no reason why he
should not have an opportunity to purchase
fnPQO OIOITY^CI
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The law protects
not only the Government, but the holder of
an honest claim; otherwise the sharks would
buy up the claims at a very reduced amount.
If the original claimant is not allowed to assign
it, he would hold it himself until it is liqui-
dated by the Government at its full value.
Mr. ELDREDGE. I think the gentleman
must know more about sharks than I do,.as he
speaks so familiarly of them. I know nothing
about them.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I had no desire or
intention to make a personal application of
anything I have said; but as the gentleman
seems ready to say so much about sharks and
dishonest claims, I suspect he knows more
about them than he professes.
Mr. ELDREDGE. I did not introduce the
subject of sharks, and I did not know that
there were any sharks here. The gentleman's
argument would seem to indicate that the man
who speaks against sharks ia in their interest,
and therefore he must be.
Mr. CLAGETT. I desire to be heard for a
moment. I understand that this matter stands
substantially in this shape; and as this bill
concerns my constituents, I think I ought to
have something to say as to what would be
satisfactory to them. I understand that the
general debate which has been had upon this
question develops the fact, so far as we can
judge, that a large majority of this House
think that these claims should, be paid. The
only question at issue is the question as to
whether the original claimants should receive
this money or whether the right of assign-
ment should be recognized.
Now, the bill reported by the committee
declares simply that the money shall bo paid
to the "lawful holder" of the claim. Who is
the "lawful holder?" The man who in law
is entitled to hold it. And then the statute
of 1853 goes on to provide that no person hav-
ing a claim against the United States shall be
able to assign it, and that any such assignment
shall be absolutely void. This being the case,
the bill reported by the Committee on Military
Affairs is really a bill to make payment to the
original claimants.
Consequently, the amendment offered by the
gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Holman] is, in
my judgment, tautological so far as this pro-
vision is concerned; hut as it does no harm,
I am willing it shall be adopted, because I
understand it to be strictly in accordance with
the previous legislation of Congress; it is
strictly in harmony with the provisions of this
hill; and more than that., it will be an equita-
ble as well as a legal proposition. In othrr
words, if the original claimants (many of
whom, I know, have parted with their claims
for a comparatively small sum) receive the
money under this bill, it is perfectly manifest
that the assignees can make them account for
the money received upon the assignment, to-
gether with lnwful interest. As the statute of
1853 makes such assignments absolutely void,
parties who have received money in payment
for their claims have now in their hands money
belonging to the assignees, and can be required
to account for it in a court of justice.
In the consideration of this bill, I do not
wish to have the whole legislation of Congress
raked up here. As I understand, the statute
which has been read by the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] declares that
such assignments shall be void at any rate; and
the bill recognizes that preexisting law. The
amendment of the gentleman from Indiana
does not conflict with the statute of 1853 ; it
is in harmony with the bill reported by the
committee, as well as with all existing legisla-
tion.
Mr. COBURN. Is not the effect of that
amendment to prevent assignments hereafter?
Mr. CLAGETT. No, sir ; because the very
statute which was quoted by the gentleman
from Massachusetts declares that assignments
of this kind, if made before the claims are
audited, shall be void.
Mr. COBURN. But the amendment, if it
were adopted, would prevent assignments here-
Mr. CLAGETT. Then I hope the gentle-
man from Indiana will modify his amendment
in that regard so as to allow assignments to be
made after the claims have been audited. It
will then conform to the existing law.
Mr. COBURN. According to the theory of
the gentleman from Montana [Mr. Clagett]
the amendment already conforms to the act of
1853.
Mr. DAWES. Why not say " no assign-
ment hereafter made;" that is, before the
passage of this act?
Mr. HOLMAN. I do not want to make
this provision any weaker than the statute of
1853.
Mr. DAWES. With the modification I sug-
gest, it will be identical with that statute ; for
the statute of 1853 recognizes the validity of
assignments after the claim has been audited
and the warrant issued.
Mr. HOLMAN. Of course after the war-
rant has been issued it can be assigned. This
provision applies only to the claim, not to the
warrant.
Mr. DAWES. I hope the gentleman will
make his amendment conform to the statute
of 1853.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I call for the re-
porting of the amendment.
The Clerk read as follows :
Add at the end of the bill the following:
And to the original claimant only or his personal
representative; and no assignment of any such
claim shall be valid.
' no assign-
Mr. DAWES. It should read
ment hereafter made."
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move.to amend
the amendment by striking out the last clause
and substituting what I send to the Clerk.
The CHAIRMAN. No further amendment
is in order now.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Perhaps my propo-
sition may be accepted as a modification.
The CHAIRMAN. The Clerk will read
the proposed amendment.
The Clerk read as follows:
Strike out the words "but no assignment of any
such claim shall be valid," and insert in lieu there-
of the following:
But nothingin this actshall beconstrued to legalize
any assignment or power of attorney to collect any
claim provided for therein.
_ Mr. HOLMAN. I hope the gentleman will
simply add those words to my amendment,
with which they are perfectly in harmony.
Mr. ELDREDGE. The amendment just
read proposes to enact what is the law now.
rI he CHAIRMAN. The question recurs on
the amendment of the gentleman from Indiana
[Mr. Holman] to the substitute.
Mr. HOLMAN. Mr. Chairman, it must be
very apparent that the language " no assign-
ment shall be valid" has no application to
the warrant of the Treasury after it has been
issued. It has only reference to the claim.
Mr. PERCE. Mr. Chairman, with the per-
mission of the committee I will read the first
section of the act of 1853. It is as follows:
'"That all transfers and assignments hereaftermado
of any claim upon the United States, or any pa.rt or
share thereof or interest therein, whether absolute
or conditional, and whatever may be the considera-
