1873,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1037
tion therefor, and all powers of attorney, orders, or
other authorities for receiving payment of any such
claims, or any part or share thereof, shall be abso-
lutely null and void, unless the same shall be freely
made, and executed in the presence of at least two
attesting witnesses, after the allowance of such
claim, the ascertainment of the amount due, and
the issuing of a warrant for the payment thereof."
Now, sir, if the bill under consideration
shall become a law as originally reported by
the committee, it will be necessary before any
assignment of any claim under the law be-
comes valid that the claim should be allowed
and the amount due ascertained, and upon such
ascertainment and allowance the warrant for
the payment thereof have been issued prior to
the assignment. The gentleman from Indiana
[Mr. Holm an] desires to bring into the House
of Representatives the judicial construction of
this law. If an assignment has been made
under the law which is now attempted to be
passed, that assignment is to be considered
under the law existing at the time of. the
assignment. Any law changing that assign-
ment would be a law impairing the obligation
of contracts, and therefore null and void.
Mr. DONNAN. I ask that there be unnani-
mous consent, that this amendment be in-
grafted on the bill and the bill then reported
favorably to the House, with the understand-
ing there shall be a separate vote in the House
on the amendment, as that seems to be the
only point of difference among members.
While I agree to the adoption of the amend-
ment, it is with the understanding that there
shall be a separate vote on it in the House.
Mr. HOLMAN. I have no objection, pro-
vided before the previous question is called
it is understood an opportunity shail be offered
to move a substitute for the last clause added
to the bill.
Mr. DONNAN. Substitute for what?
Mr. HOLMAN. For the language which has
been added to the bill.
Mr. DONNAN. Very well; I agree to tliat-
The question then recurred on the amend-
ment of Mr. Holmak to the substitute.
Mr. TAFPE. I desire to ask a question.
[Cries of " No ! " " No ! "]
Mr. DONNAN. I hope we will come to a
vote without further debate.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The substitute as amended was then adopted.
Mr. DONNAN. I move the committee
rise and report the bill to the House with the
recommendation that it do pass.
Mr. HOLMAN. It is the understanding
that no further action is to be taken on the
bill until Monday, and that it shall be still
open for a substitute to be offered for the last
clause added to the bill. With that under-
standing, I do not object.
Mr. DONNAN. I move the committee rise
and report the bill to the House.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose ; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, Mr. Wil-
lard reported that the Committee of the Whole
House had had the Private Calendar under
consideration, and had directed him to report
to the House a bill (H. R. No. 1698) for the
relief of certain contractors for the construc-
tion of vessels of war and steam machinery,
with the recommendation that the enacting
clause be stricken out; and also a joint reso-
lution (H. R. No. 23) to enable the Secretary
of War to pay expenses incurred in suppress-
ing Indian hostilities in the Territory of Mon-
tana in the year 1867, with an amendment.
naval contractors.
The question first recurred on the amend-
ment of the Committee of the Whole House
on the Private Calendar, to strike out the
enacting clause of a bill (H. R. No. 1698)
for the relief of certain contractors for the
construction of vessels of war and steam
machinery.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the. amendment was
agreed to and the bill rejected; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. HOLMAN moved that the House now
adjourn, but subsequently withdrew it.
credit mobilier investigation.
Mr. HOAR. I ask unanimous consent to
offer the following resolution.
The Clerk read as follows:
Resolved, That the special committee of which
Hon. Jeremiah M. Wilson is chairman be author-
ized to appoint a sub-committee, who shall be
authorized to proceed to Boston, New York, and
.Philadelphia to take evidence to be used before
said speeial committee, touching the matters com-
nutted to them, and that said sub-committee shall
have authority to send for persons and papers.
Mr. HOAR. It is proposed that the chair-
man alone shall proceed to Boston, &c., and
it will save a great deal of expense to "empower
him to examine certain persons and papers
in those cities, instead of compelling the wit-
nesses to come here.
The resolution was agreed to.
montana war claims.
Mr. DONNAN. I desire to make a parlia-
mentary inquiry. If no further action is taken
by the House on the bill in relation to the Mon-
tana war claims at the present time, I wish to
ask when it will again come up?
The SPEAKER. After the morning hour
on Monday, as unfinished business, subject,
however, all through that day to be set aside
by motions to suspend the rules. The Chair
cannot say that there is much probability of
its being entertained on Monday ; but if not,
the bill would come up after the reading of the
Journal on Tuesday as unfinished business.
Mr. DONNAN. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
The SPEAKER. Before the Chair puts the
motion to adjourn, the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs desires to give a
notice to the House.
treaty of washington.
Mr. BANKS. I desire to give notice that
on Thursday next the Committee on Foreign
Affairs will ask the House to consider the bill
(H. R, No. 488) to carry into effect the pro-
visions of the treaty between the United
States and Great Britain, signed in the city
of Washington the 8th day of May, 1871, re-
lating to the fisheries. The Committee on
Foreign Affairs propose to call up this bill on
Thursday next, instead of the bill for the re-
organization of the consular system of the
United States, which was assigned for that
day to the exclusion of all other orders.
Mr. DAWES. Does this require unani-
mous consent? If it does, in the absence of
some of my colleagues I do not feel warranted
to give that consent.
Mr. BANKS. It does not require unani-
mous consent. The bill in relation to the
fishery clauses of the Washington treaty is
already a speeial order, but not to the exclu-
sion of all other orders.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state the (
position of the bill in reference to which the i
chairman of the Committee on Foreign Affairs 1
gives notice. It is already a special order from
day to day after the morning hour, until dis-
posed of. On Thursday next at two o'clock, to
the exclusion of all other orders, the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs have a right to the
floor for fhe consideration of the bill for the
reorganization of the consular system of the
United States; and on that day they propose
to call up the bill with refex-ence to the Wash-
ington treaty, which is aspecial order, from day
to day, but not to the exclusion of all other
orders.
Mr. BANKS. I also desire to present a
report to accompany the bill H. R. No. 488,
and move that it be printed and recommitted
to the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
There was no objection; and the report
was ordered to be printed and recommitted.
Mr. COGHLAN. I desire to submit a re-
port, to have it printed and recommitted.
Mr. ELDREDGE. I demand the regular
order.
The SPEAKER. The regular order is the
motion of the gentleman from Iowa [Mr.
Dosjnan] that the House do now adjourn.
The motion to adjourn was agreed to; and
accordingly (at five o'clock and twentv min-
utes p. m.) the House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &e., were presented
underthe rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. DODDS: The memorial of Aro-
line E. Bartlett, praying for provision for pay-
ment of the French spoliation claims.
Also, the petition of Henry Young, late
private of company E fifty-fifth Massachusetts
volunteers, praying the passage of an act placing
him on the pension-roll.
By Mr. EAMES : The petition of Lieutenant
EbenezerS. Cheesboro,a pensioner, for further
relief.
By Mr. HIBBARD : The petition of Abram
Amazeen, of New Hampshire, a soldier of the
war of 1812, praying a pension.
By Mr. PECK: The memorial of the Board
of Trade of Toledo, asking an increase of the
present volume of circulation of twenty-five
millions.
By Mr. RANDALL: The petition of Gen-
eral Charles T. Campbell, in relation to prop-
erty confiscated on the Fort Randall military
reservation.
By Mr. READ: The petition of Daniel
Suddorth, praying Congress to amend the
pension laws so that he, as a soldier of the
war of 1812, will receive the benefits of the
act of 1871.
By Mr. E. H. ROBERTS: A petition of
importers, jobbers, and retailers, for reduction
of duty on thread-laces made by hand.
By Mr. SAWYER: The petition of Elijah
Durfee, asking relief for services and expenses
iucurred by him while iu the United States
Army in the war of 1812-14.
notice of a bill.
The following notice for leave to introduce
a bill was given under the rule:
By Mr. STORM: On Monday next, a bill
for the relief of the College of William and
Mary, in Virginia.
IN SENATE.
Monday, February 3, 1873.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. P. Newman,
D. D.
The Journal of the proceedings of Friday
last was read and approved.
a. b. hardcastle.
The bill (H. R. No. 3722) to remove the
disabilities of A. B. Hardcastle, of Missis-
sippi, was read twice by its title.
Mr. AMES. I ask the indulgence of the
Senate to have that bill put on its passage. It
is a bill to relieve from his disabilities a per-
son who, at the breaking out of the rebellion,
was a lieutenant in the United States Army.
He has made his application to Congress, and
I have seen the various members of the Com-
mittee on the Removal of Political Disabilities
and they all agree to report favorably in this
case. I therefore ask the indulgence of the
Senate to put the bill on its passage now.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill. It proposes to remove all disabilities
imposed by reason of the third section of the
fourteenth article of amendments to the Con-
stitution of the United S'utes upon A. B.
Hardcastle. of Monroe county, Mississippi.
