n
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 9,
in calling atteutiou to it is that it may be |
remembered when hereafter other interests
for other reasons speak of this particular ;
hardship again and propose to embrace it as
it is embraced in the bill which I moved to
reconsider.
Mr. DAVIS. West Virginia has interests
in all matters relating to the Ohio river. My
colleague, [Mr. Boreman,] who is not now in
bis seat, being detained at home by sickness,
was a member of this conference committee,
1 understand. I wish to inquire of the Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania who was also on this
committee whether the provision in regard to
the bridge at Wheeling, allowing a span of
three hundred and fifty feet, is retained in the
bill, and whether there is any restriction
upon it ?
Mr. SCOTT. That provision is retained in
the bill. It was one of the principal modifica-
tions of the bill to which I objected, but the
Senate saw proper to take it, and considering
that as an instruction to the committee, it is
retained in the bill, authorizing the bridge at
Wheeling, which is mentioned by name, to
have a span of three hundred and fifty feet.
Mr. DAVIS. Is there any other restric-
tion ?
Mr. SCOTT. I do not remember of any
other restriction; but the Senator's colleague
was a member of the committee of conference
and has signed the report, so that it is satis-
factory to him.
Mr. DAVIS. As my colleague haa signed
the report, I presume it is all right.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
ou ihe report.
The report was concurred in.
french spoliation claims.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will now report the general orders.
Mr. CAMERON. Before that is done, I
rise for ihe purpose of making a motion that I
be permitted to bring up the French spolia-
tion bill on Wednesday next immediately
af.er the morning hour has expired.
Ihe VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Pennsylvania desires to interrupt this
order for the purpose of moving to take up
the French spoliation bill and make it the
special order for Wednesday next. That
can either be done by unanimous consent or
by suspending this order first. The order has
priority and is now in process of execution.
It bars all other action except by unanimous
consent; but a majority of the Senate can
suspend this order. The Senator will state
TOnir n np (lpsirpn
Mr. CAMERON. I ask to be allowed to do
it by unanimous consent.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Pennsylvania first asks unanimous con-
sent that the French spoliation bill be made a
special order for Wednesday next at one
o'clock.
Mr. SHERMAN. I shall feel it my duty to
object, not only because I am opposed to the
French spoliation bill, but because by Wed-
nesday next I hope to report a revenue bill,
the speedy passage of which will be of import-
ance to the country. I do not wish to inter-
fere with the Senator in the conduct of his bill;
he can take it up when there is an opportunity ;
but I must object now to making any special
orders which will interfere with the regular
order of business. I do not desire to inter-
pose any objection to the Senator from Penn-
sylvania asking a vote on the bill when con-
venient, if he does not seek to make it a
special order for that purpose.
Mr. CAMERON. I lost the whole of the
last session by just such reasons as the Senator
from Ohio now gives, that the bill could be
taken up at any time. I supposed that any ]
day I would be allowed to take it up ; but I '
lost the whole session. I do not intend now -
that the bill shall be lost during this session by
any act of omission on my part. So I will j
wait until this question is disposed of, and then
I will ask the Senate to vote on my motion.
asiatic commkrcial company.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The first bill on
the general orders is now before the Senate
under this rule. The Secretary will report its
title, and if not objected to it will be before
the Senate for five minutes' debate.
The Chief Ci.erk. The first bill on the list of
general orders is the bill (S. No. 76) to facili-
tate commerce between the United States and
China and Japan and the countries of Asia.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This bill was
reported on the 17th of March, 1871, by the
Senator from Oregon, [Mr. Corbett,] from the
Committee on Commerce. It was amended,
and the Senate passed from its consideration.
Mr. JOHNSTON. I object to the consid-
eration of that bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Virginia objects, and the bill will be passed
over. The objection leaves the bill on the
Calendar. No bill is injured by being objected
to; it still remains on the Calendar.
french spoliation claims.
Mr. CAMERON. Now, if that bill is dis-
posed of, I desire to renew the motion that I
made a moment ago.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state that under this rule the Calendar is
before the Senate constantly unless the rule
shall be suspended. A majority can suspend it.
! Mr. CAMERON. Then I ask for the sus-
1 pension of the rule for a moment.
! The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Pennsylvania moves that the resolution under
which the Senate are now acting be suspended
in order that he may move to make the French
spoliation bill a special order. A majority
can suspend the rule.
| Mr. SHERMAN. I call for the yeas and
, nays on that motion. I state again that I do
not wish to interpose to prevent the Senator
reaching the French spoliation bill; it can be
reached in a few minutes in its order on the
, Calendar; but I do object to special orders
i being made at this period of the session that
I will interfere with the current business.
' The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Ohio demands the yeas and nays on the motion
of the Senator from Pennsylvania to saspend
the present rule.
Mr. CAMERON. I do not wish to con-
sume the time of the Senate by calling the
yeas and nays, and I am surprised, and a good
deal pained, too, that the Senator from Ohio
should interpose an objection to this reason-
able application of mine to fix a day for the
consideration of this bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania withdraw his motion
for the present?
Mr. CAMERON. Yes, sir.
rights op miners.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The next bill on
the Calendar is the bill (S. No. 122) to define
the rights of miners and to encourage the
development of mines. This bill was reported
on the 17th of March, 1871, by the Senator
from Arkansas, [Mr. Rice,] from the Com-
mittee on Mines and Mining.
Mr. STEWART. A bill precisely similar
to this and covering the same grounds has
passed and become a law. Two bills were
pending, but the House bill was finally passed.
I think, therefore, this bill might as well go
off the Calendar.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Nevada states that another bill similar
to this has become a law, and if there be no
objection this bill will be indefinitely post-
poned and taken from the Calendar. The
Chair hears no objection.
| gross of matches.
J The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
j (S. No. 209) to define a gross of matches, and
| for other purposes.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This bill was
reported by the Senator from Michigan, [Mr.
Chandler,] from the Committee on Commerce
on the 17th of March, 1871, and passed, and
on the 22d of March reconsidered ou the
motion of the Senator from Delaware, [Mr.
Bayard. ]
Mr. BAYARD. I prefer that that bill
should lie over for the present.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be passed
over.
arrests, etc., in utah.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 176) in relation to the payment of the
expenses of the arrest, custody, and trial of
prisoners charged with territorial offenses in
the Territory of Utah, and for other purposes.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This bill was
reported on the 20th of December, 1871, by
the Senator from New Hampshire, [Mr. Cra-
gin,] from the Committee on Territories. If
there be no objection the bill will be read.
The Chief Clerk read the bill. It proposes
to divert so much of the moneys heretofore
appropriated, or hereafter to be appropriated,
for the compensation and mileage of the mem-
bers of the Legislative Assembly of Utah Terri-
tory, and for officers, clerks, and contingent
expenses of the Assembly as maybe necessary
to defray the expense of the arrest, custody,
and trial of prisoners charged with territorial
offenses, and the expenses of the courts of the
Territory therein, to the payment of those said
expenses, the same to be audited and allowed
under the rules and regulations prescribed for
allowance and payment in cases arising under
the laws of the United States, until the Legis-
lative Assembly shall make provision therefor
from the territorial treasury.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to have the
chairman of the Committee on Territories in-
form us how much the bill involves and what
this fund is that is to be diverted.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from New Hampshire, who reported the bill
does not appear at this moment to be in the
Senate Chamber.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Let it be
passed over informally.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
passed over informally.
Mr. POMEROY. There is no difference
between passing it over informally and any
other passing over.
The VICE PRESIDENT- The Chair will
state that if the bill is passed over it will re-
quire unanimous conseut to go back to it
again, as the rule requires that this order shall
be proceeded with until the end of the Calen-
dar is reached.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I only made
the suggestion as the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Territories does not happen just at
this moment to be in his seat, and I simply
desire to reserve his right to call it up again.
I presume there will be no objection to that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
ask consent, at the suggestion of the Senator
from Vermont, whtn the Senator from New
Hampshire shall come in the Chamber, to call
up the bill again.
presidential term.
The next busiuess on the Calendar was the
joint resolution (S. R. No. 4) proposing an
amendment of the Constitution confining the
President to one term.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This resolution
is not reported by any committee. It was in-
troduced on the 21st of December, 1871, by
! the Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr. Sum
ner,] and passed to a second reading,
Mr. SUMNER. Let it be passed over,
unless the Senate is disposed to adopt it now.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be passed
over.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Had it not better be
referred ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Son-
