1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
And whether these men were elected in one
way or the other, rightly or not, the House has
passed on their election and accepted it as
legal. As the Representatives from other
States have been paid, the gentlemen from this
State should also be paid.
Mr. KERR. Does the gentleman mean to
say to the House that the members from Texas
were elected to two Congresses at one elec-
tion?
Mr. PETERS. Oh, no ; the gentleman is
raising now the question that these men were
never legally elected.
Mr. KERR. I am not raising that ques-
tion ; I am raising an issue with the gentle-
man when he says that the case of Texas is
like that of Mississippi. I say it was not,
either in law or in fact.
Mr. PETERS. I do not say that it was ;
but the House let these Representatives from
Mississippi come in here, and the question
now is whether you will pay them'or not.
Mr. MAYNARD. They served here in
lhat Congress, and all the precedents require
that they be paid for that Congress.
The question was taken on the amendment
as amended ; and it was agreed to.
Mr. BINGHAM. I offer the following, to
come in at the end of what has already been
adopted:
To enable the Sergeant-at-Arms to pay the mem-
bers of Congress from Georgia elected to the Forty-
iirst Congress, except P. M. B. YoGNG.alikesumas
that received by said Young, for which a sufficient
appropriation is hereby appropriated.
Mr. PETERS. That amendment ought to
be altered so as not to enable them to draw
compensation for travel, and deducting also
the amount paid to another set of gentlemen
who claimed to represent the State.
Mr. HALE. Is there any law authorizing
this payment ?
Mr. BINGHAM. There is a general law to
pay members of Congress. None of these
liepresentatives from Georgia, excepting Mr.
Young, ever got any pay. I desire simply to
make an appropriation to carry out the exist-
ing law, and to pay all these Representatives
front Georgia, excepting the one who has
already been paid.
Mr. HALE. I make the point of order
that there is no law authorizing this.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I offer
the following amendment, to which I hope
there will be no cbjectiou :
That the Secretary of the Treasury be, and he is
hereby, authorized and directed to pay to George P.
Fisher the sum of $576 25, to reimburse him for ex-
penses paid in defending a suit brought against him
by Joseph II. Bradley for acts done in thediseharge
of his duty as justico of the supreme court of the
District of Columbia.
Mr. HALE. I raise the point of order on
that amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks the
point of order is well taken.
Mr. GARE1ELD, of Ohio. I am instructed
by the Committee on Appropriations to offer
the following amendment:
To reimburse the Sergeant-at-Arms of the House
of Representatives for sundry payments made by
him for contingent expenses of the House, on vouch-
ers approved by the Committee on Accounts of said
House, $3,460 45.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I am also in-
structed by the Committee on Appropriations
to offer the following amendment:
For the purchase of site, and to commence the con-
struction of a brick building at Evansville, Indiana,
to be used as a custom-house, court-house, post office,
and other Government offices, $100,000.
1 will say that a law was passed authorizing
this work, but the estimate was not sent in in
time for it to be incorporated in the bill.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I am also in-
structed by the Committee on Appropriations
to offer the following amendment:
To enable the Secretary of the Treasury to pur-
chase a part of a lot of ground in Indianapolis, In-
diana, oast of and adjoining the ground on which
the court-house and post office is situated, the sum
of $30,000 be, and the same is hereby, appropriated.
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. I rise to oppose
that amendment, not so much because I am
opposed to this particular appropriation, but
in order to show the House the existing state
of facts.
We are talking here about economy. The
estimates for the expenditures of the Govern-
ment for the year 1873 were $801,000,000.
We have already appropriated $299,500,000.
Here is a deficiency bill of $8,222,000 and to
that we have already added nearly $1,000,000.
And while a series of clamors have been set
up about the extravagance of estimates, and
great credit claimed because we have cut
down those estimates, if this deficiency bill
shall pass the House we will have appropriated
$10,000,000 over and above all the estimates
of the Department for the next fiscal year, and
nearly $10,000,000 more than was appropri-
ated in 1872. The appropriations are thus in-
creasing from year to year in the face of all
our pretenses of economy. And before this
deficiency bill came from the Committee on
Appropriations we were within one and a half
millions of all the estimates of all the extrav-
agant Departments of the Government. As
said before,when this bill shall pass the House,
we will be from $8,500,000 to $10,000,000 in
cases of all the estimates.
We took up the sundry civil bill and thought
we were going to cut down the appropriations.
Instead of that the gentleman from Indiana
[Mr. Holman] and myself kept a calculation,
and there was added $944,000; and the in-
formation I have now is that the Senate has
added $3,000,000 since it went over there. Yet
we are adding court-house and post office build-
ings to this bill, and undertaking to improve
in another bill all the creeks in the country.
Wherever a stream runs into a river which
becomes navigable before it enters the sea, we
claim that it is within our jurisdiction. Now,
as the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Dickey] said to-day when the Army bill was
referred to—and I was glad it came from a
Republican member of this House—the fact
was that the appropriations were cutdown last
year below what it was expected would be re-
quired because it was presidential election
year, and it could be made up by a deficiency
bill this session. Now that is not a Demo-
cratic falsehood, but, it is a statement made By
Judge Dickey on the floor to-day, that the
reasons the appropriations were cut down so
low last year was that the Republicans might
bridge over a presidential election.
And now we are branching out in appro-
priations until we are already $10,000,000 over
the estimates, as though there were millions
in the Treasury that could be flung away.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I desire to cor-
rect a statement made by the gentleman from
Kentucky [Mr.. Beck] that anybody has con-
fessed, so far as I know, that the appropri-
ations last year were cut down on purpose to
make a deficiency. I will ask the Clerk to
read what was said last year by the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Dickey] when the
Army bill was pending, and when gentlemen
here in the House moved to cut down the
appropriations reported in that bill.
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. I have referred
to what Judge Dickey said to-day.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I know; and I
call attention now to what he said last year,
and I ask that his remarks may be read as a
portion of my remarks.
The Clerk read as follows :
" Mr. Dickey. Mr. Speaker, I will state the gen-
eral result of the conference. Tue House and the
Senate committees have agreed to all matters in
dispute on the Army appropriation bill save and
except the appropriation of #200,000 for Fort Leav-
enworth. Although against the roport of the Com-
mittee on Appropriations the House has decided the
matter, yet the managers on the part of the House
did not feel justified in yielding the point to the
Senate..
" I will state further, that the conference report
reduces the total amount of appropriations in the oil!
about $350,000,000; that is, it reduces to that; a/mount
on the bill as originally reported. And 1-state this
tact in order to put the Committee on Appropri-
ations, the War Department, and theHouse ofRep-
resentatives in their proper positions should there
be a deficiency bill next year. We believe the
reduction of the appropriations on the part of the
Senate will hardly meet the exigencies of the public
service. If the Senate should be right, and we
should be mistaken, X should be happy, but if they
should be mistaken, it is only right we should put
ovrselves on reeord thus in advance."
The question was then taken upon the
amendment moved-by Mr. Gakfield, of Ohio,
and it was agreed to.
Mr. GARFIELD,* of Ohio. I now ask to
complete the consideration of the amendments
which were passed over informally a short
time since. I move to strike out "$10,000,"
and to insert in lieu thereof " $2,000." I am
informed by the clerk of the committee that
this is a. misprint.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HALE. I moye to farther amend this
section by adding the following:
For salary of deputy Commissioner of Pensions,
$2,500; for salary of medical referee, $2,500; for ad-
ditional compensation of four surgeons, now receiv-
ing $1,200 per annum, to be $1,800, the sum to be
immediately available.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk resumed the reading of the bill,
and read the second section, as follows:
Sec. 2. That the unexpended balance of the appro-
priation of $1,000,000 for paym«nt of any balance
due, or to be found due, during the fiscal year end-
ing June 30,1872, to any State for costs, charges, and
expenses contemplated and provided for in and by
the act approved July 27,1861, being an aet entitled
"An act to indomnify certain States for expenses
incurred by them in enrolling,equipping, and trans-
porting troops for the defense of the United States
during the war of the late rebellion," is hereby re-
appropriated for the service of the fiscal year end-
ing June 30,1873.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move to strike out this
section for the purpose of inquiring of the
gentleman who has charge of this bill what
particular ca§e is intended to be reached by it.
This section is in general language, but I pre-
sume there is some particular State that is
intended to be reached by it;
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. No particular
case is intended to be reached by this provis-
ion. It affects a number of the States. I have
in my hand a list showing the amount claimed
by each of thirteen or fourteen States. These
claims are settled month by month, in small
or large amounts as the case may be; and
this money is required to make the payments
as they are audited and become due. The
amount remaining unexpended at the end of
the last fiscal year was $700,304.
Mr. MAYNARD. I withdraw my amend-
ment. I ask the gentleman to submit as a part
of his remarks the documents explanatory of
this matter.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I will do so.
I submit the following letters;
Treasury Department.
Thikd Auditok's Office,
December 18,1872.
Sib: In accordance with your verbal request, I
have the honor to state that there is an unexpended
balance of $700,304 11 remaining of the appropriation
of $1,000,000 " for payment of any balance due, or to
be found due, during the fiscal year " ending June
30, 1872, " to any State for costs, charges, and ex-
penses contemplated and provided for in and by the
act approved July 27,1861, being an act to indemnify
certain States for expenses incurred by them in en-
rolling,equipping, and transporting troops for the de-
fense of the United States during the late rebellion,"
under an act entitled "An act making appropriations
to supply deficiences in the appropriations, &c., for
the fiscal year ending June 30,1872," approved May
18, 1872. (Statutes-at-Large, chap. 172, p. 129, Mis-
cellaneous.)
I am, very respeotfully,
ALLAN RUTHERFORD,
Auditor.
Hon, George S. Boutweix,
Secretary of the Treasury*
