mm
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 3,
It appears upon consideration that more injury,
in the judgment of the Secretary, will oceilr by
having such a law than otherwise.
The bill was postponed indefinitely.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The same committee, to
whom was referred the bill (S. No. 923) for
the relief of John J. McAlraont and Silas F.
Field, as sureties on the bond of John G. Hal-
liburton, deceased, late marshal of the United
States in and for the eastern district of Ark-
ansas, have directed me to report the same
adversely. It appears from the facts that
the default of this marshal occurred in not
paying over the money that he ought to have
paid over, a considerable period of time before
the time when he asserts the rebellion pre-
vented his performing his duty. It therefore
seemed to us plain that he was not entitled to
any relief.
The bill was postponed indefinitely.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am instructed by the
same committee, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 10^6) in relation to United States
courts in Alabama, to report it adversely.
This bill provides for holding courts in any
part of the State at the option of the district
judge. It appeared to us that that would not
be a wise power to confer.
The bill was postponed indefinitely.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The same committee, to
whom was referred the bill (S. No. 772) for
the relief of the children of Abraham Fisher,
have instructed me to report it favorably. This
bill merely releases an escheat which accrued
to the United States in some property in the
District of Columbia, arising from the fact that
the testator had been a slave in his lifetime,
by which, under the peculiar lawsof Maryland,
there was an escheat to the United States.
We are disponed to give it up. The bill may
go on the Calendar.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
placed on the Calendar.
Mr. EDMUNDS, from the same commit
tee, to whom was recommitted the bill (H. R.
No. 1864) to extend the provisions of the act
of April 10, A. D. 1869, entitled "An act to
amend the judicial system of the United
States," reported adversely thereon, and the
bill was postponed indefinitely.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 712) to remove
the legal disabilities of persons incurred by
reason of the late rebellion, and for other pur-
poses, reported adversely thereon, and the bill
was postponed indefinitely.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 601) to create
the tenth judicial circuit, and for other pur-
poses, reported adversely thereon, and the
bill was postponed indefinitely.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 602) to provide
for the appointment of a district judge for the
western circuit of South Carolina, and for
other purposes, reported adversely thereon ;
and the bill was postponed indefinitely.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The same committee, to
whom was referred the bill (S. No. 084) to
amend an act entitled "An act for the re-
moval of certain cases from State courts,"
approved July 27, 1866, havo directed me to
report it adversely. It appeared to us that
Congress had gone quite far enough in pro-
viding for removals from State courts already.
Ihe bill was postponed indefinitely.
Mr. PATTERSON, from the Committee on
the District of Columbia, to whom was referred
the bill (H. R. No. 3625) to amend an act
entitled "An act governing the colored schools
of the District of Columbia," reported it with
un amendment.
Mr. RICE, from the Committee on Indian
Affairs, to whom was referred the petition of
Charles T. Brown and J. J. S. Hassler, sub-
mitted a report, accompanied by abill (S. No.
1504) to authorize the accounting officers of
the Treasury to settle the accounts of Charles
T. Brown and J. J. S. Hassler, late agents for
the Chippewa Indians of Minnesota, on the
grounds of equity and justice.
The bill was read, and passed to the second
reading.
Mr. RICE. I ask the unanimous consent
of the Senate for the present consideration of
the bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion ?
Mr. SHERMAN. What is the bill ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will report the title of the bill.
The Chief Clerk read the title of the bill.
Mr. DAYIS. I hope there will be no objec-
tion to the present consideration of this bill.
The parties are here waiting, and I believe
it is generally conceded that the bill is a just
one.
Mr. EDMUNDS. When was the bill re-
ported ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It was reported
by the Senator from Arkansas to-day.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If it is reported to day
it had better go on the Calendar and be printed.
It will be reached in a day or two, and that
delay will make no serious difference.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Vermont desires the bill to be placed on
the Calendar.
Mr. BOREMAN. If the Senator from Ver-
mont will listen to me for a moment I should
like to make a statement in regard to that bill.
The facts are very short.
Mr. EDMUNDS. There are fifty other
very short matters on the Calendar reported
three or four weeks ago, where the people are
just as'poor and are waiting.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection is
made, and the bill will be placed on the Cal-
endar.
Mr. WRIGHT, from the Committee On
Claims, to whom was referred the bill (H. R.
No. 3166) for the relief of William Bayne,
trustee, &c., reported it without amendment.
He also, from the Committee on the Judiciary,
to whom was referred the bill (S. No. 1265) to
punish and prevent the unlawful making, sell-
ing, or passing, or having in possession with
intent to sell or issue, of any false coin or token
in the resemblance of any coin of the United
States, reported it with amendments.
Mr. WRIGHT. The same committee, to
whom was referred the bill (S. No. 1405) to
provide for the punishment of certain crimes
against the United States, have had the same
under consideration, and from the examination
they have been able to make of it are satisfied
that the whole scope of the bill is covered by
prior legislation. I am therefore instructed
to report the bill back and move its indefinite
postponement.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SPRAGUE, from the Committee on
Public Lands, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 1434) to authorize preemptors or
settlers upon homesteads on the public lauds
to alienate portions of their preemptions or
homesteads for certain public purposes, re-
ported it without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 1197) to create a
United States court for the Indian territory,
asked to be discharged from its further con-
sideration, and that it be referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary ; which was agreed to.
Mr. SCOTT, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the bill (S. No. 3) making
an appropriation to indemnify the citizens of
Brenham, Washington county, Texas, for loss
of private property by fire and pillage at the
hands of United States soldiers, reported ad-
versely thereon; and the bill was postponed
indefinitely.
Mr. SCOTT. I am also instructed by the
same committee, to whom was referred the
bill (S. No. 141) for the relief of A. Wernin-
ger, sr., to report it back with a recommenda-
tion that it be indefinitely postponed, and that
the petitioner have leave to withdraw his peti-
tion and papers for the purpose of prosecuting
his claim before the Quartermaster General,
who has jurisdiction of the subject.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That order will
be made.
Mr. WEST. I am instructed by the Com
mittee on Military Afifairs, to whom was re-
ferred the bill (S. No. 1264) for the restora-
tion of George A. Gordon as an officer of the
United States Army, to ask to be discharged
from its further consideration and move its
indefinite postponement. The officer in ques-
tion has been reappointed, and confirmed by
the Senate.
The bill was indefinitely postponed.
Mr. WEST, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, to whom was referred the bill (H.
R. No. 3369) for the relief of George S. Gus-
tin, late a private of company D seventy-fourth
regiment Illinois infantry volunteers, reported
it without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 1130) to
provide for the purchase, by the Secretary of
War, of lands for the United States in the
State of Texas for the sites of forts and mili-
tary posts, reported it without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 3366) for the
relief of Henry B. Mears, reported it without
amendment.
Mr. DAVIS, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the petition of Mrs. Ann
P. Derrick, widow of W. S. Derrick, deceased,
late chief clerk in the State Department, pray-
ing extra pay for her husband while acting
Secretary of State at sundry times, from 1841
to 1852, reported adversely thereon, and asked
to be discharged from its further considera-
tion ; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No.' 370) for the relief
of William L. Adams, reported adversely
thereon ; and it was postponed indefinitely.
Mr. MACHEN. The Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No. 2803)
for the relief of Samuel S. Potter, have di-
rected me to report it back with an amend-
ment, and I ask the indulgence of the Senate
to consider the bill' now.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It requires unan-
imous consent; The bill will be read in full
for information, after which it will be subject
to objection.
The Chief Clerk read the bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. That will not do.
Mr. MACHEN. There is a little amend-
ment reported by the committee reducing the
amount from $2,000 to $1,000.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Kentucky states that the committee re-
port a modification to the bill. Does the Sen-
ator from Ohio desire the bill to go on the
Calendar ?
Mr. SHERMAN. I should like to have
the report read, but I think it had better be
placed on the Calendar.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection being
made, the bill will be placed on the Calendar.
Mr. MACHEN, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
551) for the relief of Charles Ciinton, reported
adversely thereon and moved its indefinite
postponement.
Mr. WEST. I ask that that bill be placed
on the Calendar.
the VICE PRESIDENT. It will be placed
on the Calendar with the adverse report.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, from the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, to whom was re-
ferred the bill (S. No. 1304) to set apart a
certain portion of the island of Mackinaw and
strait of Mackinaw, in the State of Michigan,
as a national park, reported it without amend-
ment.
He also, from the joint Committee on the
Library, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
1369) to amend an act entitled "An act to
