1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
77
who is not present, proposes to discuss it *t
length.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
passed over. The Secretary will report the
next bill.
this coolie trade.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
{S. No. 532) to prohibit the deportation of
native;? of the South Sea Islands by citizens of
the United States.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Thisbill has not
been to a committee, but was introduced at
the last session by the Senator from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Wilson,] and read twice at that
time.
Mr. WILSON. If there be no objection to
this bill I should be glad to have it put on its
passage now ; if there is objection I desire to
have it referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary. I hope certainly some action will be
taken in regard to the matter. The bill pro-
vides for prohibiting the deportation of natives
of the South Sea Islands by citizens of the
United States. The slave trade in those two
islands has grown to a frightful extent, and
the cruelties perpetrated are enormous. The
subject has attracted great attention in Eng-
land. The anti-slavery men of that country
have called the attention of the British Gov-
ernment to it and are pressing it upon them.
The great body of the persous engaged in this
frightful traffic are probably Englishmen, but
at the same time there is no doubt of the
fact that there are persons in the United States
engaged in the same work. 1 hope that, if
there be no objection, the bill will be put on
:ts passage now; it is carefully drawn, but if
there be objection to its present consideration,
I should like to have it go to the Committee
on the Judiciary, and I commend it to their
special attention and trust they will act upon
it speedily.
Mr. CASSERLY. The object of this bill
is a laudable one. The fact, however, is that
we have a good many statutes of the United
States already referring to this and kindred
subjects. They should all be revised and
embodied in one bill. While I agree with a
great deal that the Senator from Massachu-
setts has said, I think this bill should go to a
committee, and I beg leave to suggest that the
committee will keep in mind what I have just
taken the liberty of remarking, that the sub-
ject is one which requires careful legislation
so as to embody the existing provisions of law
in the same act.
Mr. WILSON. I move, then, that the bill
be referred to the Committee on the Judiciary,
and I would say to that committee that I hope
they will examine the subject and that some
legislation will be had at this session.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection the bill will be referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary. It is so referred.
The Secretary wili report the next bill.
prkridio reservation.
The Chief Clerk. The next bill on the
Calendar is the bill (S. No. 310) leasing the
Presidio reservation to the city of San Fran-
cisco for a public park.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This bill was
reported on the 2oth of January, 1872, by the
Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr. Wilson,]
from the Committee on Military Affairs, with
amendments
Mr. EDMUNDS. That may go over, Mr.
President.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
passed over.
ca.kondbl.bt vs. this united states.
The next bitt on the Calendar waa the bill
(S. No. 420) to confer jurisdiction on the
Court of Claims to hear and determine the
Bait of Carondelet vs. the United States.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This bill was
reported bj the Senator from Missouri, [Mr.
Blair,] from the Committee on Private Land
Claims, on the 29th of January, 1872.
Mr. SHERMAN. That had better go over
on account of the absence of the Senator from
Missouri.
| The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will
be passed over.
french spoliation claims.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 100) to provide for the adjustment and
satisfaction of claims of American citizens for
spoliations committed by the French prior to
the 31st day of July, 1801.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. 1 suggest that
that be passed over temporarily while the
chairman of the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions is out of the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If it be passed
over informally it will require unanimous con-
sent to go back under this rule, because the
rule requires the Calendar to be gone through
regulatly.
montana indian WAR claims.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 46) to enable the Secretary of War to
pay the expenses incurred in suppressing
Indian hostilities in the Territory of Montana
in the year 1867.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This bill was
reported by the Senator from Oregon, [Mr.
Corbett,] from the Committee on Indian
Affairs, with amendments.
Mr. CALDWELL. I move that that bill be
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. CORBEl'T. I have no objection to its
reference. I understand the parties desire
that course to be taken.
| The bill was referred to the Committee on
j Military Affairs.
| french spoliation claims.
Mr. CAMERON. I understand that the
French spoliation bill came up in order.
! The VICE PRESIDENT. It did.
Mr. CAMERON. Now I suppose it will
be in order for me .to move that it be made
the special order for Wednesday.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Pennsylvania being out of his seat at
the moment the bill was passed over, he
now asks the Chair again to call it up as if
in its regular order. Is there objection?
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I would suggest that
I the chairman of the committee name a later
j day in order to give the Senate an opportunity
| to dispose of the Calendar.
! The VICE PRESIDENT. The first thing
is, will the Senate consider the bill as now
reached in its regular order ? If there be no
< objection, it is now before the Senate as it
I was a moment since, and the Senator from
! Pennsylvania is recognized,
j Mr. ANTHONY. I would suggest to the
Senator from Pennsylvania that he move that
the bill be in order after we have gone through
with the unobjected cases on the Calendar.
Mr. CAMERON. Perhaps that will be the
better motion. I shall not be ready to-day to
make my remarks on this bill.
Mr. ANTHONY. We shall not get through
the Calendar for three or four days.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion of
the Senator from Pennsylvania to make this
bill a special order is now in order under the
rules, the bill being before the Senate. It is
liable, however, to be objected to by any Sen-
ator.
Mr. CAMERON. I will change the word-
ing of my motion, and move that this bill be
the special order immediately after we con-
clude the bills on the Calendar. I suppose
that will do.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Pennsylvania moves that this bill be
made the special order after this rule is ex-
ecuted. It has not been the practice of the
Senate to make indefinite special orders.
Mr. CAMERON. Then I will make it def-
inite, that the bill be made the order for Wed-
nesday, provided we are through with this Cal-
endar by that time.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Thefirstpart of
the motion is clearly in order, that the bill be
made the special order for Wednesday at one
o'clock, but the proviso, "if the Senate be then
through with this business," the Chair thinks
would hardly be in order under the rule in re-
gard to special orders.
Mr. SHERMAN. As I stated before, I
examined the French spoliation bill very care-
fully some years ago, many of my constituents
being interested in its passage and having
claims under it, and I became entirely con-
vinced that there was no obligation on the part
of the United States to pay this money. I
have always therefore voted against it and
opposed it, and I shall do so again. At the
proper time I shall be willing to join in the
debate, though not to any great length. I
think it is but right that the Senator from
Pennsylvania should have an opportunity to
present the case and get the vote of the Sen-
ate ; but I am also opposed to special orders,
they constantly interfere with the public busi-
ness. I do not ask that the bills which I re-
port myself, although they are mostly bills of
an urgent character, be made special orders.
I think a special order always interferes with
other business, and yet it does not give any
advantage. A special order may be postponed
at any time by a majority vote, and it rarely
gives the advantage that Senators contem-
plate.
■ Now, if the Senator from Pennsylvania is
i desirous next Monday or any other day he may
1 name to take up this bill subject to the decis-
1 ion of the majority at any time, I have no
j objection ; but on Wednesday next I hope the
I action of the Senate may be had on the
; revenue bill, as it is called, which has been
j received from the House to-day. It may be
j ready by Wednesday, and I dislike to have
anything interfere, with that. But if the Sen-
; ator will simply move to postpone the consid-
eration of this bill until Monday, I have no
doubt a large majority of the Senate will allow
: it to be taken up, and I hope it will then be
I defeated.
i Mr. CAMERON. I am always for peace,
and would rather carry my object by good
I nature to my associates than in any other way.
; Therefore, I will take the suggestion of the
i Senator from Ohio, and move that the bill be
j made the special order for Monday next.
| Mr. SHERMAN. Postpone it to Monday,
and that will give the same advantage. A
majority can postpone it if it be made a spe-
cial order.
Mr. CAMERON. This is a special case.
Here are claimants who have been here sev-
enty years, and why should we not give them
a little preference?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Pennsylvania moves that this bill be
made the special order for Monday next, at
one o'clock. This requires a two-third vote.
The question being put, it was declared that
the affirmative appeared to prevail.
Mr. SHERMAN. I wish to see whether the
Senate want to make special orders. I have
no objection to the bill being postponed to
Monday, but if we commence making special
orders at this short session, we shall have our
business constantly interfered with. I ask for
a division.
Mr. CAMERON. I will take still further
the advice of the Senator from Ohio, because
I hope to get his vote by letting him have his
own way, and I will be content with simply a
postponement until Monday.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Pennsylvania withdraws his motion to
make the bill a special order, and moves that
it be postponed to Monday next at one o'clock.
The motion was agreed to.
