THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mardfi 1,
respectively to Abe topographer, and to the assist-
ant carpenter of the Post Offico Department, ana
the s&terintendenfc of the Post Office bmlaing, un-
der the. provisions of the act to revise, consolidate,
nd aaaend the statutes relating to the Post Office
department, approved June 8, 1872, Js hereby aj>.-
StOpriated, and to pay William M. Ireland and J.
I. SlcGrow for preparing regulations and instruc-
tions for tbeuseof the Post Office Department; under
the new postal code, the sum of $1,000 each Is hereby
appropriated.
Mr. MAYNARD. That sounds like an old
acquaintance.
Mr. SARGENT. Ndtatall.'
Mr. HOLMAN. The first clause of section
four "of tliis bill) as reported from tbe com-
mittee* was clearly out of order. I suppose
this portion pf the section is in order.
The CHAI&MAN. The Chair rules the
amendment to be in order.
. The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I move
to apaend section five of this bill, which pro-
vides for., furnishing stamps to the several
Departments and to the Clerk of the House
and the Secretary of the Senate, by adding the
following:
And all said stamps shall bo sold or fumishod
to said several Departments, tbe Clerk of the
House, and Secretary of the Senate, for cash only,
at the priod for which stamps of like value are sold
at the several post ofioos.
Mr. SARGENT. ' What will be the effect
of that amendment?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. The
effect, as intended by me, will be this: that
each Department shall pay in cash to the Post
Office Department, for all the stamps they use,
and that the same shall be done by the
Clerk of the House and the Secretary of the
Senate, so that we may see exactly whether,
with the absolute abolition of the franking
privilege, the Post Office Department can be
made self-sustaining. ■ My proposition is that
all the stamps so used shall be paid for at pre-
cisely tbe same rates that other people have to
pay for thefU,
Mr. SARGENT. That may be the intention,
but the use of the words " for cash only" will
prevent the keeping of a running account for
stamps and require them to be paid for when
obtained from the Post Office Department.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Oh, no.
This section provides for stamps or stamping-
machines that any person can use.
Mr. SARGENT. The gentleman is mis-
taken. It provides for supplying the Depart-
ments with stamps, not stamping-machines.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. At what
price?
Mr. SARGENT. The price of ordinary
stamps.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. It does
not siy so.
Mr. SARGENT. That is what is meant.
Mr.' BlTTLER, of Massachusetts. I will
modify my amendment by leaving out the
words "forcash only. "
Mr. SAR.GENT. With that modification
the Amendment'is right.
The question was then taken upon the
amendment moved by Mr. Butler, of Massa
chusetts; and upon a division there were—
ayes 50, noes 15 ; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Butler of
Massachusetts, and Mr. Holman, were ap'
pointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers
reported—avea 87, noes 37.
So the amendment was adopted.
Mr'. FARNSWQRTH. I move further to
amend by inserting afler the words " postage
stamps " the words "or stamped envelopes."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. .GARFIELD, of Ohio. I move that
the committee rise and report the bill with the
amendments to the House.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, Mr.
Wheeler reported that the Committtee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, having had
under consideration the deficiency appropria-
tion bill, had directed it to be reported to the
House with sundry amendments.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I move the
previous question on the bill and pending
amendments.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Unless some
gentlemen desire separate votes, I ask that the
amendments reported from the Committee of
the Whole may be concurred in en masse.
The amendments reported from the Com-
mittee of the Whole were concurred in.
The bill as amended was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which tbe bill was passed;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MISCELLANEOUS APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I now move
that the rules be suspended and that the House
proceed to consider as in Committee of the
Whole under the five-minutes rule the amend-
ments of the Senate to the sundry civil appro-
priation bill.
The motion was agreed to.
pay to georgia members.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Before
the House takes up the appropriation bill, I
wish to submit the following resolution, to
which I think there will be no objection:
Resolved, That the Representatives of the State
of Georgia admitted to seats in the Forty-First Con-
gress are entitled to the full pay of members for that
Congress, and that the Clerk of the House of Rep-
resentatives is hereby authorized and directed to
pay from the contingent fund of the House to each
Representative from the State of Georgia in the
i'orty-Firet Congress, suoh sum as shall make his
pay equal to that received by P. M. B. Young as
a Representative in said Congress from tho seventh
distnot of Georgia for like puljlie service.
A Member. Strike out " contingent fund."
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. 1 modify
the resolution by striking out the words "from
the contingent fund of the House." We have
already passed a resolution to pay Mr. Young
a certain sum, which was just; but we have
made no provision for the others of the same
delegation. Those other members elected at
the same time, and sworn in at the same time,
ought to receive the same compensation as
Mr. Young.
Mr. SARGENT. This cannot be done by
a House resolution.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. It can.
Mr. ARCHER. The contingent fund of
the I?orty-First Congress has been covered
into the Treasury.
Mr. SARGENT. This cannot come out of
the contingent fund at any rate.
Tbe SPEAKER. The Chair advises the
gentleman from Massachusetts that this money
cannot be taken out of the contingent fund.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I have
modified my resolution by striking out the
words in regard to the contingent fund.
The SPEAKER. But there must be an
appropriation.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. We can
in the first place resolve that this money shall
be paid, and afterward get an appropriation.
Mr. MAYNARD. I wish to call attention
to the fact that we have in other cases adopted
this mode of payment, by first adopting a
resolution and then making an appropriation
in accordance with it.
Mr. SPEER. How much will be paid under
this resolution ?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. The whole
delegation from Georgia for the Forty-First
Congress will receive the same pay that Mr.
Young received.
Mr. SPEER. What was that? ,
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, . I do not
remember.
The SPEAKER. As a provision m an
appropriation bill, this pfoposition would be
effective. , • ■
Mr. RANDALL. I distinctly recollect when
this question was up before; and I was subse-
quently a member of the Committee of Elec-
tions, Who had before them the question is to
the right Of the Georgia delegation to continue
over from one Congress to another without
a new election. - I recollect that one of the
delegation (I do not distinctly remember his
name) was a contestant for a seat in theSenate,
and that as such contestant he received a bon-
siderable sum of money, I think $8,(J00. Now,
I object to the payment proposed in this reso-
lution so far as it may embrace that gentleman ;
for he received pay as a contestant in the
Senate during the period for which we now
propose to pay him as a member of the
House.
Mr. SPEER. Was that Foster . Blodgett ?
Mr. RANDALL. I do not know.
Mr. BUTLER,. of Massachusetts. When
we offered an amendment like this to the
appropriation bill the Chair ruled it out as
not provided for by law. I suppose when the
House resolved to pay one of its members that
would be a legal proper foundation for an ap-
propriation, so I could offer the same On the
sundry civil appropriation bill or to some
amendment of the Senate. I offer it here
now. What I wish to say in answer to mv
friend from Pennsylvania [Mr. Randall] is
this: that whatever one of these men was
paid for contesting a seat in the Senate was a
payment for what he spent in that contest, and
not a payment for his service in the House.
What I desire to say further is, when this was
paid to them we were under a good deal of
excitement about Georgia.
Mr. RANDALL. I have no such excite-
ment when it comes to paying any member
what is his due.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. When
one member has had it I think we ought not
to refuse it to the other members.
Mr. RANDALL. I recollect I made the
objection, but I do not now recollect to whom
it was made: I think, however, it was the
gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. Whiteley. ]
message from the senate.
A message was received from the Senate,
by Mr. Sympson, one of its clerks, notifying
the House that that body had agreed to the
conference asked by the House on the dis-
agreeing votes of the two Houses on a bill (H.
R. No. 3498) making appropriations for the
service of the Post Office Department' for the
year ending June 80, 1874, and had appointed
Mr. Cols, Mr. Anthony, and Mr. Kelly as
managers of said conference on its part.
The message further announced that the
Senate had agreed to some of the amend-
ments of the House and disagreed to others to
the amendments of the Senate to a bill (H.
R. No. 2991) making appropriations for the
legislative, executive, and judicial expenses of
the Government for the year ending June 30,
1874, and for other purposes, and had agreed
to the conference asked on the part of tbe
House, and had appointed Mr. Morrill of
Vermont, Mr. Carpenter, and Mr. Bayard as
managers of said conference on its part.
PAYMENT OP GEORGIA MEMBERS.
Mr. SPEER. Mr. Speaker, if I understand
the theory on which members of Congress are
paid it is that their salaries are animal and
they are paid by the year, so .if an extra ses-
sion of Congress is called they will have to
attend to it. The proposition here is to pay
men their salaries before they were elected, so
if an extra session of Congress had been called
