1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL &LOBE.
1048
"which,", and in line five after the word
"notes" to insert the word "and;" so that
the section will read:
IJhat all banking associations shall, on and aftgr
January, 1874, redeem their notes at such localities
as are now or as mav be hereafter designated by law,
either in coin or in United States legal-tender notes,
and shall be exempt from the requirement under
existing law as to holding a reserve of lawful money
of the United States, &c.
It is also proposed to further amend the
amendment by striking out section six, in the
following words :
Sec. 6. That it shall be the duty of the Comptroller
of (he Currency to cause to be examined each year
the plates, dies, bed-pieces, and other materialfrom
which the national bank circulation is printed in
whole or in part, and file in his office annually a
corrected list of the same; and such material as
shall have been used in the printing of the notes of
national banks which are in liquidation, or have
closed business, shall be destroyed, under such reg-
ulations as shall be prescribed by the Comptroller
ot the Currency, and approved by the Secretary of
the Treasury; and tbe expense of such examination
and destruction shall be paid out of any appropria-
tion made by Congress for the special examination
of national banks and bank plates.
Mr. COLE. In looking at this bill on Sat-
urday night as I did, I regarded the word
"which" in the third section as very essential.
If that is to be stricken out it alters the sense
of the section very materially. As it now
stands, it provides that all bankingassociations
which shall on and after a certain day redeem
their circulation, shall then be relieved from
the requirement of keeping a reserve; but to
strike out the word "which" and exempt all
the banks from the necessity of keeping any
reserve is a very radical change and a very
important proposition. I do not know all the
reasons that were originally given for inserting
the provision in the banking law requiring a
reserve, but I suppose it was for the purpose
of requiring the banks to be ready at any time
to redeem their circulation. They were, as
you will remember, Mr. President, required to
keep fifteen per cent, of their circulation in
reserve, or an equal amount of legal-tender
notes; and the national gold banks were re-
quired, I think, to keep thirty-five percent, of
their circulation in reserve, or an amount of
coin equal to that. Now, if we are to relieve
these banks from tbe necessity of keeping
money on hand to redeem their circulation
when it may be presented, I must say that that
strikes me as a very radical change of this
very important measure.
While I am up, let me say in regard to the
bill a little more generally that it seems to
be a proposition to retire the balance of the
United States notes. I observe in the report
of the Comptroller of the Currency that the
reserve in the banks is almost exclusively in
United States notes. At least the last report
showed something more than $100,000,000. I
shall not be exact, because my recollection is
not perfect, but I think it was about one hun-
dred and fifteen millionsof United States notes
held by the banks. Sow what is the proposi-
tion ? That these banks may transfer them at
once into United States interest-bearing bonds,
and so increase the interest-bearing indebted-
ness of the country to that amount. I ask any
Senator if that will not be exactly the result,
if it is not the aim of this bill. Clearly to my
mind it is. I do not like that provision.
I believe that the proper circulating me-
dium of this country and the best circulating
medium is the United States notes, which
constitute a part of the national indebtedness,
and that all of our circulating medium, instead
of being, as is attempted by this bill, national
bank notes, should be United States legal-
tender notes. The national bank notes have
already displaced some hundreds of millions
of the United States legal-tender notes, and
the attempt now is by this bill very clearly to
retire the balance of the United States notes,
and to substitute for them as the circulating
medium of the country the bank notes.
We have an indebtedness of some $2,200-
000,000 ; but. the interest, paying indebtedness
of the country is only about $1,800,000,000,
or something less than that; $400,000,-000. of
the indebtedness being in the form of ,a circu-
lating medium, and bearing no interest, being
no burden whatever upon the people.
A proposition was made gome time ago,
which has been reported upon by the Commit-
tee on Finance, to replace the national bank
notes .by United States legal-tender notes, and
so relieve the country of $400,000,000 more
of the interest-bearing indebtedness. I hope
to see the time when the national debt will be
reduced so low that it will only constitute so
much as is requisite for the circulating me-
dium of the country; and when we have arrived
at that point, which I hope we may reach at
some time, I should not feel, nor would the
people feel, that an indebtedness of seven or
eight hundred million dollars, which was in
the form of legal-tender notes, would be any
burden whatever. It is the duty of the Gov-
ernment to furnish the circulating medium for
the business of the country; and if it is fur-
nished in this form, even though it be an in-
debtedness to that amount, if it bears no inter-
est and is no burden, it would be, in my opin-
ion, a condition of things that would not be
unfavorable to the perpetuity and the strength
of this Government.
Now, sir, let me come back to the point as
to striking out tbe word "which" from the
third section. I may state that I noticed that
word particularly in readmg the bill, and re-
gardea.it as a sort of saving clause, and as re-
stricting the operation of the section to a few
of the banks and to those only who had re-
deemed their circulation. Now the proposi-
tion is to strike out the word "which" and
leave the section applicable to all the two
thousand national banks that have the issue
which now constitutes in great part, the circu-
lating medium of this country. If itisthewish
of the Senate and of Congress to replace these
United States notes with national bank notes,
if it is their wish to convert this non-interest-
bearing indebtedness of four hundred millions
iuto interest-bearing indebtedness, to wit, into
bonds bearing five per cent, interest, and thus
add twenty millions or more annually to the
burdens of the people, I think we ought to
understand it before we vote upon it. I can
see, as I stated a while ago, what the opera-
tion of this section will be at once. It will be
to convert at once the one hundred and fifteen
millions of greenbacks which are now a re-
serve in the banks into bonds bearing interest.
It cannot be otherwise.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will only repeat what.
I said a moment ago, that striking out the
word " which" does not change in the slight-
est degree the meaning of this clause. This
is an amendment to the national banking act.
Under that act every banking association is
bound to redeem its notes either m legal-ten-
der notes or in coin, or go into bankruptcy.
Mr. COLE. And to keep a reserve to do
that very thing.
Mr. SHERMAN. And this bill says that
all banking associations shall do so. If you
strike out the whole of that first clause, it will
not make any difference in the law. The effect
of section three is simply to relieve them from
keeping areserve. The word "which" would
rather tend to imply that some banks might
refuse to redeem their notes if they, should
maintain a reserve. It created an ambiguity,
aud therefore the word was stricken out.
I will say to my honorable friend from Cali-
fornia that having debated this subject, the
Senate having listened to me the other day on
the general merits of this proposition, I do
not "propose now to enter into any debate at
all, except at the close of the discussion, before
the passage of the bill, I shall answer any argu-
ment that seems to have weight with the Sen-
ate, so far as I can. In the mean time, I do
not desire to enter into the debate which my
friend from California has opened, because 1
have said on the general proposition aH that I
desire to, say in the argument that I made the
other day. .
Mr. THURMAN. I have some thoughts on
this measure which I confess are somewhat
crude, and my only excuse for'troubling.the
benate with them now, instead of trying to
mature them more to my. own .satisfaction-, is
that I may be compelled in a few minutes to
leave the Senate for a great part of the day.
In regard to the section which is under con-
sideration, my colleague has said, if I under-
stood him, that the whole effect of it is simply
to repeal that section in the banking -act. that
requires the banks to keep a reserve. That is
the whole effect of it, and all this verbiage in
the section is simply to express ina great many
words what might have been expressed in less
than three lines. I say that is the effect of it
whether you leave the word "which" in or
strike it out and insert the word "and" in the
fifth line of the section. Let us see what it is.
The section as itnow stands reads :
That all banking associations which shall, on and
after January, 1874, redeem their notes at such
localities as are now or as may behereafter designated
by law, either in coin or in United States legal-ten-
der notes, shall be exettipt from the requirements
under existing law as to holding a reserve of lawful
money of the United States.
The Senate will see that the language is: if
they redeem their notes " either-in coin or ia
United States legal-tender notes." That is
precisely what the law is now, that they shall
redeem in coin or in legal-tender notes.
Mr. COLE. The bill provides that they
shall redeem in coin or purchase bonds.
Mr. THURMAN. No; which shall redeem
" eitherin com or in United States legal tender
notes." That is precisely what the law now
is, that they shall redeem either in coin or in
United States legal-tender notes; so that strik-
ing out the word "which." so as to make it
maudatory on them to redeem in coin or in
United States legal-tender notes, is nothing but
reenacting the present law on the subject, for
the law is now as mandatory as it can be that
they shall redeem in com or United States
legal-tender notes; and therefore the first four
lines.of the section -are of no use whatever.
Tbe section is simply a repeal of that provision
in the present banking law which requires a
reserve to be kept by the banks.
Whether it is wise to repeal that provision
or not is another question, and one about
which a good deal may be said. 1 know very
well that it is strongly urged by some great
bankers in the city of New York that that, pro-
vision ought to be repealed, and their reason
for urging its repeal is, that it tends, they say,
to enable people to make what is called a
corner in money, and that if this provision
requiring this reserve to be kept by the banks
were repealed it would euable the banks to
defeat what is called a corner in money ; that
is to say, the hoarding of the currency by a
ring for the purpose of producing a panic in
the money market and further some specula-
tion that they may have in view.
To some extent undoubtedly that would be
the effect; that is to say, the repeal of this
requirement to keep a reserve would to
some extent enable the banks to prevent
corners in money; and yet I do not see that
it would ultimately prevent them, because,
if with the currency that is now afloat, apart
from that which is reserved, a corner in money
can be made in New York, a corner can be
made if you increase the currency one hun-
dred or two hundred millions. You must?de-
vise some other mode to prevent the making
of a comer in money than merely pouring out
paper money. What is the effect? Suppose
you repeal the clause which requires the banks
to keep this reserve. Then they will not keep
it any further than prudence may require;
perhaps they will not keep it at all; it will go
out into circulation. Then when a corner is
made, they have no reserve to remove the
tightness of the money market; it is all gone;
it is all distributed. So, for the life cf mr,
