1044
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 3,
I do not see—I say this, however, with great
deference because I know that some of the
•most accomplished and intelligent bankers in
New York think exactly the reverse—I never
have been able to see, for myself, how a repeal
of that provision requiring this reserve to be
kept by the banks would prevent a cor ner in
money.
But, passing from that, I wish to submit a
very few observations upon the general idea
of this bill. The bill contemplates a resump-
tion of specie payments on the 1st day of
January next, because if the United States is
to pay coin on the 1st of January next on
United States legal-tender notes, and the
banks are to be bound to redeem either in coin
or in United States legal-tender notes, that is
equivalent to a resumption of specie payments
by all the banks. It is necessarily so. It is
so because if the United States is to pay specie
on its legal-tenders upon presentation, then
there will be no material difference in value
between the legal-tender dollar and the gold
dollar. There may be some slight difference,
but it will be almost immaterial. Then you
will have the United States legal-tender notes,
a specie paying currency, at par with specie ;
and if, therefore, the banks are lo pay either
in coin or in the legal-tender notes, if they are
to pay in specie or what is equivalent to specie,
it is a complete resumption of specie payments
on the 1st day of January next throughout the
whole length and breadth of the United States.
Now, Mr. President, I am very apprehen-
sive that that is too radical a measure. I am
very apprehensive that such a resumption as
that would end in one of two things: either in
crushing no small number of these banks
which would be unable to pay specie, or in
Congress relaxing, the law after it had passed
it, and legalizing by some means or another
the suspension of specie payments on the part
of the banks, or else in repealing the very act
which is before us requiring the Government
to pay specie in redemption of legal-tender
notes.
Mr. COLE. The bill provides that the
Government shall pay in coin or something
Mr. THURMAN. The language is:
That on the 1st day of January, 1861, the Secretary
of the Treasury is authorized and required to pay
on demand, at the office of the Assistant Treasurer
in the city of New York, to any holder of United
States notes to the amount of $1,000, or any multiple
theroof, in oxohanfte for such notes, an equal amount
of,the gold coin of the United States; or, in lieu of
coin, he may, at his option, issue in oxchange for
said notes an equal amount of coupon or registered
bonds of the United States.
Mr. COLE. Precisely.
Mr. CONICLINGr. Now turn over and read
at the bottom of page 4.
Mr. THURMAN. That is the provision
that has already been discussed.
Mr. CONKLING. I know it is, but you
ought to take it in connection with the other.
Mr. COLE. Either in gold coin or United
States legal-tender notes is the alternative
there again.
Mr. THURMAN. But what I say is, this
is said to be a bill to resume specie payments ;
if it is a bill to resume specie payments, then
it contemplates the resumption on the 1st day
of January next. If that is not the object, if
the purpose is not to resume specie payments
on the 1st of January next, then it is simply a
bill to convert greenbacks into interest-bear-
ing bonds. If that is the case, are we prepared
to io that? Are we prepared to convert the
$300,000,000 or $400,000,000—what is the
exact amount?
Mr. SHERMAN. Three hundred and fifty-
six million dollars.
Mr. THURMAN. Three hundred and fifty
six million dollars of greenbacks into interest-
bearing bonds?
Mr. SHERMAN. The bill provides that
they shall be paid out again.
Mr. THURMAN. I know it provides that
they shall be ptiid out again, but then they can
be converted again into interest-bearing bonds,
and where are you going to stop? Every time
they are paid out they may be reconverted into
bonds, and where is to be the end of the public
debt if this process of paying them out and re-
converting them into bonds is to go on from
time to time at the pleasure of the Secretary
of the Treasury?
Mr. SHERMAN. If my colleague will allow
me, I will state that they can only be paid out
for the extinguishment, purchase, and pay-
ment of the public debt, or for the payment
of the current expenses of the Government.
As a matter of course, the revenues of the
Government being sufficient to pay the ex
penses of the Government? a sufficient revenue
both in gold and paper money will come into
the Treasury. Any of the notes received for
bonds may be paid out for current expenses.
Now, the revenue is supplied from the current
receipts of the Government. It may be that
the gold revenues may be used to purchase
and pay the public debt, while the paper rev-
enue might be used to pay the current expenses
of the Government, our currency revenue now
being considerably less than enough to pay
the expenses of the Government, while our
gold revenue is considerably in excess of the
gold demands upon the Treasury. That is
the answer. It could not increase the public
debt. But to meet a criticism of that kind we
propose, or did propose, that we should ex-
pressly provide that it should not increase the
public debt, although that is not necessary. I
do not think it is necessary, and I do not think
it would be of any avail; but the bill can be
very easily amended in that way if it is desired.
I will simply say that the money that is re-
ceived for these bonds will only bo used for
the purpose of extinguishing a portion of the
public debt, or for the purpose of paying and
meeting the ordinary expenses of the Govern-
ment. To that extent it would relieve so much
of the revenues of the Government which
might be applied to the payment of the public
debt."
Mr. THURMAN. Yes; but we cannot
forget that within the last few months we have
seen the Secretary of the Treasury reissue
four or five millions of money when nobody
pretended that the revenues of the Government
were insufficient to pay its expenses. He
thought there was warrant for it, and reissued
them because there was a tight money market,
because there was a corner in money in New
York; and I cannot tell upon what pretext
he might not reissue these notes; and thus the
public debt might be increased.
Nor do I know to an absolute certainty that
the revenue of the Government will be suf-
ficient to meet the expenses, especially if we
are to go on in the way some Senators favor,
of appropriating money for every conceivable
purpose for which money can be used. If we
are to give away all the proceeds of the sales
of the public lands with one stroke of the pen;
if we are to go into an enlarged system of sub-
sidizing steamships or other vessels; if we are
to provide, as was attempted not long ago in
a certain other place, to give a large amount
for every ton of every vessel built in the
United States a money subsidy—if we are to
go on in that way—-I am not at all certain that
the revenue of the country will be sufficient to
meet its expenses.
But, Mr. President, I suppose the effect of
this really would be that the Secretary of the
Treasury, if he found himself unable to pay
specie, would see fit to convert these green-
backs into bonds, and that before any great
while the whole $356,000,000 would be con-
verted into interest-bearing bonds. Why
should we do that ? It is said that the Govern-
ment is bound in honor to do it. It is said
this is a debt of the Government, a forced
loan, and that the Government ought to be
willing to pay interest on its debt. And that
is said when a bill is before us to enable pri-
vate indiyidqals to jssije their promises to pay,
and pay no interest on them, but get interest
from everybody that borrows them or uses
them. The paper of a national bank is as
much a forced loan as is a greenback. You
compel the people to take that and use it for
money, and the bank pays no interest upon
it. It is of no use to say that there may be
ultimately a payment' in specie of that note.
That does not alter the case. The circum-
stances ofthe country are such that business is
not done upon a specie basis entirely. The
great bulk of circulation. is paper, and has
been for a great many years ; and the conse-
quence of making the currency of the country
consist of the notes of private institutions,
called banks, is simply to enable them to loan
their'own credit, upon which they pay no inter-
est whatever; and it is as much a forced loan
as is any loan that ever could be issued by the
Government.
Now, which of the two is the best currency—
the bank notes or the Government green-
backs? In the estimation of the people the
greenbacks are the best; in the estimation of
the law the greenbacks are the best, because
it is provided that the bank note may be re-
deemed "by a greenback. Why then should
you compel the retiring of the greenbacks to
make room for just an equal amount of na-
tional bank currency? The people do not
complain of the greenback currency at all.
The people do not say that the greenbacks are
less valuable than the bank notes ; on the con-
trary, they prefer them. Why, then, should you
retire all the greenbacks to make room for
just an equivalent amount of the notes of
private individuals, upon which they draw in-
terest, although they are their debts? It does
not look to me to be very good financiering.
It does not strike me to be so.
I know this goes very deep. It goes to the
question whether or not a bank-note circula-
tion is an advisable thing. I know very well
that a bank-paper circulation is a means by
which the annual products of the country are
distributed in a most unequal manner. I know
that it is a monopoly and a favoritism which
enables one class of men to draw interest upon
what they owe, while all other men have to pay
interest on what they owe; and I never, there-
fore, have been very much in favor of such a
currency. But when we have a currency which
by the law itself is made not only the equival
ent, but better than the bank note currency,
with which the people are better satisfied, 1 do
not very well see why we should retire that
currency and substitute for it an interest-bearing
bond of the United States.
I cannot see at present anything of sub-
stance in this bill except two things: one to
enable the holders of the greenbacks to con-
vert them into interest-bearing bonds, and
make the Government pay interest on that
debt, when the people are perfectly well con-
tent with the greenbacks as a currency, and
do not regard them as a forced loan at all:
and the next thing is that it enlarges the bank
currency of the country, to enable more of the
national banks to be set up. That strikes me
to be about the whole of this bill; and I can-
not think that it is very likely to result in a
return and the maintenance of specie payments
very soon, because whenever you authorize
the greenbacks to be reissued from time to
time, I do not think, if we have a pressure,
but that Congress will come in and compel
their reissue if necessary. And here I may
say, in regard to this greenback currency, that
the objection to it is that a greenback currency
is said to be synonymous with an inconvertible
currency, and that if we are to maintain a
greenback currency it means that we are to
have no resumption of specie payments at all.
Another objection is that a Government cur-
rency is liable to inflation, because it is subject
to the popular demand upon the legislature ;
and when that demand is very strong the legis-
lature always gives way to it and increases the
amount of the currency.
