1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2005
The bill, which was read, provides that who-
ever within the District of Columbia or arty
of the Territories of the United States, or
other place within the exclusive jurisdiction
of the Utiited States, shall sell, or lend, or
give away, or in any manner exhibit, or shall
offer to sell, or to lend, or to give away, or in
any manner to exhibit, or shall otherwise pub-
lish or offer to publish in any manner, or shall
have in his possession, for any such purpose
or purposes, any obscene book, pamphlet,
paper, writing, advertisement, circular, print,
picture, drawing, or other representation,
figure, or image on or of paper or other
material, or any cast, instrument, or other
article of an immoral nature, or any drug or
medicine, or any article whatever, for the pre-
vention of conception, or for causing unlawful
abortion, or shall advertise the same for sale,
or shall write or print, or cause to be written
or printed, any card, circular, book, pamphlet,
advertisement, or notice of any kind, stating
when, where, how, or of whom, or by what
means, any of the articles in this section here-
inbefore mentioned can be purchased or ob-
tained, or shall manufacture, draw, or print,
or in any wise make any of such articles, shall
be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor, and, on
conviction thereof in any court of the United
States having criminal jurisdiction in the Dis-
trict of Columbia, or in any Territory or place
within the exclusive jurisdiction of the United
States, where such misdemeanor shall have
been committed, shall be imprisoned at hard
labor in the penitentiary for not less than six
months nor more than five years for each
offense, or fined not less than $100 nor more
than $2,000, with costs of court.
The second section provides that section one
hundred and forty-eight of the act to revise,
consolidate, and amend the statute relating to
the Post Office Department, approved June 8,
1872, be amended to read as follows:
Sec. 148. That no obscene, lewd, or lascivious
book, pamphlet, picture, paper, print, or other pub-
lication of an indecent character, or any article or
thing designed or intended for the prevention of
conception or procuring abortion, nor any article or
thing intended or adapted for any indecent or im-
moral use or nature, nor any written or printed card,
circular, book, pamphlet, advertisement, or notice
of any kind giving information, directly or indirectly
where, or how, or of whom, or by whatmeans either
ol the things before mentioned may be obtained or
made, nor any letter upon the envelope ofwhich, or
postal card upon which indecent or scurrilous epi-
thets may be written or printed, shall be carried in
the mail; and any person who shall knowingly de-
posit or cause to be deposited for mailing or delivery
any of the hereinbefore mentioned articles or things
or any notice, or paper containing any advertise-
ment relating to the aforesaid articles or things,
and any person who, in pursuance of any plan or
scheme for disposing of any of the herein before men-
tioned articles or things, shall take, or cause to be
taken, from the mail any such letter or package,
shall be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor, and, on
conviction thereof, shall, for every oifense, be fined
not less than $100 nor more than $5,000, or impris-
oned at hard labor not less than one year nor more
than t«n years, or both, in the discretion of the
judge.
The third section provides that all persons
are prohibited from importing into the United
States, from any foreign country, any of the
hereinbefore-mentioned articles or things, ex-
cept the drugs hereinbefore mentioned when
imported in bulk, and not put up for any of
the purposes before mentioned ; and all such
prohibited articles in the course of importa-
tion shall be detained by the officer of customs,
and proceedings taken against the same under
section five of this act.
The fourth section provides that whoever,
being an officer, agent, or employ*} of the Gov-
ernment of the United States, shall knowingly
aid or abet any person engaged in any viola-
tion of this act shall be deemed guilty of a
misdemeanor, and, on conviction thereof, shall,
for every offense, be punished as provided in
section two of this act.
The fifth section provides that any judge of
any district or circuit court of the United
States, within the proper district, before whom
complaint in writing of any violation of this
Eict shall be made, to the satisfaction of such
judge, and founded on knowledge or belief,
and, if upon belief, setting forth the grounds
of such belief, and supported by oath or affirma-
tion of the complainant, may issue, conforma-
bly to the Constitution, a warrant directed to
the marshal, or any deputy marshal, in the
proper district, directing him to search for,
seize, and take possession of any such article
or thing hereinbefore mentioned, and to make
due and immediate return thereof, to the end
that the same may be condemned and destroyed
by proceedings, which shall be conducted in
the same manner as other proceedings in case
of municipal seizure, and with the same right
of appeal or writ of error.
Mr. MERRIAM. I ask that my amendment
be read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Add to the last section the following proviso:
Provided, Nothing in this section shall be con-
strued as repealing the one hundred and forty-
eighth section of the act to which this act is amend-
atory, or as affecting any indictments heretofore
found for offenses against the same, and the said
indictments may be prosecuted to judgment as if this
section had not been enacted.
Mr. MERRIAM. I demand the previous
question.
Mr. KERR. I move its reference to the
Committee on the Judiciary. Its provisions
are extremely important, and they ought not
to be passed in such hot haste.
Mr. COX. Is debate in order?
The SPEAKER, it is not.
Mr. MERRIAM. I move to suspend the
rules and pass the bill with my amendment.
Mr. KERR. Is my motion in order?
The SPEAKER. Not under that motion.
The House divided ; and there were—ayes
72, noes 79; no quorum voting.
Mr. KERR demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Kerr and
Mr. Merriam were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 100, noes 37.
So (two-thirds voting in favor thereof) the
rules were suspended, and the bill as amended
was passed.
Mr. MERRIAM asked and obtained leave
to print remarks on the bill iust passed. [See
Appendix.]
sundry civil appropriation bill.
The SPEAKER appointed as managers of
the conference on the part of the House on
the disagreeing votes of the two Houses on
the bill (H. R. No. 3921) making appropria-
tions for sundry civil expenses of the Govern-
ment for the fiscal year ending June 30, 1874,
and for other purposes, Mr. Sargent of Cali-
fornia, Mr. Hale of Maine, and Mr. Swam
of Maryland.
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. I now move we
take a recess until Monday morning at nine
o'clock.
Mr. BOLES. I hope not, as I wish to call
up a privileged question.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
95, noes 32.
So the motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly (at one o'clock and
thirteen minutes a. m., Sunday, March 2,)
took a recess until Monday morning at niue
o'clock.
MORNING SESSION.
The recess having expired, the House re-
assembled at nine o'clock a. m. (Monday,
March 3.)
international statistical congress.
Mr. WILLARD. I ask unanimous consent
to take from the Speaker's table and have
put upon its passage the joint resolution
(S. R. No. 14) authorizing the President to
invite the international statistical congress to
hold its next session in the United States.
The Committee on Foreign Affairs have con-
sidered the joint resolution of the Senate in-
formally, and recommend its passage.
There was no objection, and the joint reso-
lution was taken from the Speaker's table and
read a first and second time.
The joint resolution was read. In its pre-
amble it sets forth that the Governments of
Belgium, Austria, France, Great Britain, Prus?
sia, Italy, Holland, and Russia have heretofore
extended invitations to the international statis-
tical congress to hold sessions of the congress
at their respective capitals, and eight different
sessions of the congress have been held in
accordance with the official invitations, to the
great advancement of the science of national
and international statistics in its various de-
partments, and to the uniformity of coinage,
weights, and measures, and commercial regu-
lations and statistical publications between the
different nations; that the United States of
America are favorable to all measures for pro-
moting the advancement of statistical science,
and to all the efforts for the social advance-
ment and friendly intercourse of the people of
all countries; and also that the President of
the United States, in his recent annual mes-
sage to Congress, has submitted to this Con-
gress the consideration of the propriety of
extending an invitation to the international
statistical congress to hold its next (ninth)
meeting in the United States.
The joint resolution, therefore, authorizes
aud requests the President to tender to the
organization commission of the last session of
the congress recently held at St. Petersburg,
a formal and cordial invitation to hold its next
session in the United States of America.
In the second section it provides that if the
invitation shall be accepted by the statistical
congress, the President shall be duly author-
ized to appoint the usual organization commis-
sion, and to take the other preliminary and
necessary measures for the meeting of the
body and the holding of its ninth session in
this country, at such time as may be deemed
expedient by the statistical congress.
The joint resolution was ordered to a third
reading. It was accordingly read the third
time, and passed. .
Mr. WILLARD moved to reconsider the
vote by which the joint resolution was passed ;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. WILLARD. I ask that the following
statement prepared by Mr. Barnes^ one of the
delegates from the United States to the last
international statistical congress held at St.
Petersburg, giving a brief history of the sev-
eral sessions of these congresses, be printed in
the Globe.
There was no objection, and it was so
ordered.
The statement is as follows:
memorandum of pacts relating to the several
ixtebnatioxal statistical congkesses.
First Congress, 1853.
The first international statistical congress was
convened at Brussels on the invitation of the king
of Belgium in the year 1853. Sixty-five foreign del-
one hundred and fifty-three delegates, representing
twenty different nations.
Mr. Kennedy, Superintendent of the United States
Census, was present, although not as a regular offi-
cial delegate, the United States not being officially
represented. The Government of Belgium, in con-
vening this body of savants and statisticians, acted
principally under the advice of that distinguished
scholar and leading statistician, M. Adolphe Juet-
elet, the director of the royal observatory and pres-
ident of the central bureau of statistics of that
country.
Second Congress, 1855.
The second congress was held at Paris on the in-
vitation of the Government from the 10th to the 15th
day of September, in the year 1855, the United States
not being represented by any delegates either official
or unofficial. One hundred and eight foreign dele-
gates were present and two hundred and three
French delegates, in all three hundred and eleven,
representing twenty-eight different countries.
Third Congress, 1857.
The third congress was held at Vienna, on the
invitation of the emperor of Austria, from the 31st
day of August to the 5th day of September, in the
year 1857, which was attended by seventy-eight
foreign and four hundred and sixty-four Austrian
