1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
81
to do it; in other words, the law is right, but
it ought never to be enforced.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment.
Mr. TUURMAN. As I think this is likely
to be a test case, we might as well have the
yeas aud nays upon it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. An-
thony in the chair.) Does the Senator
demand the yeas and nays on the engrossment
and third reading, or on the passage of the
bill?
Mr. EDMUNDS. We may just as well
have them on this question.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. llOWE. I desire to say & single word
before I am obliged to vote on this question.
I have listened to part of this debate with a
good deal of interest, because the question
which is presented here is a question which
has often been presented to the Committee on
Claims, of which I am a member, and as I
have always been divided myself on the ques-
tion when it has come before that committee,
I feel a little embarrassment in voting on it
here in the Senate.
Everybody who has spoken on this question,
or whose remarks I have had the privilege of
listening to, has made a very clear case to my
mind, no matter on which side he has spoken.
There is great force in the suggestion made by
mr colleague, that if we do not mean to hold
public officers absolutely accountable for the
public moneys which come into their hands,
wp should say so and we should provide for a
different sort of obligation, and enforce that
obligation, and then we can have a judicial
examination of the question of liability so cre-
ated by the new law. Nevertheless, when the
Senator from New Jersey and others speak of
the hardship of making a public officer account,
not for his moneys, but for our moneys,
which he has not misappropriated or misused
at all, which in spite of him have been stolen
from him, that is a sort of hardship I cannot
very well reconcile myself to.
It has been said here, I think by the Sena-
tor from Michigan, that this is no new question,
that the precedents for this sort of relief are
numerous. I happen to know that to be the
fact. A great many cases have been reported
from the Committee on Claims, and with my
assent—I do not know but that I have reported
some myself under the instructions of the
committee—in which we have recommended
to the Legislature relief, where we had become
satisfied that the officer, without any default of
his own, had been robbed, or had otherwise
lost the public moneys of which he was, for
the time being, custodian, and that having
been the rule, which I have finally brought
myself to follow as a member of the Commit-
tee on Claims, I think I shall vote on thatside
on this question.
But I do wish this conld tarn out to be a test
question, and that whatever be the decision of
Congress on this case should be the rule to be
observed hereafter, for it is not right for us to
make fish of one and flesh of another. It is
not right for us as matter of favor to grant
relief to one individual and refuse it to another
■who brings himself within precisely the same
principle and stands upon precisely the same
state of facts. If the Legislature shall say
now, to-day, that we will hold public officers
absolutely accountable for the moneys which
come into their hands, then they all know what
their liability is, and will take office or refuse
it with that light before them. If we say on
the other hand that we will hold them to this
new rule of obligation, then they will take
office, I guess, just as freely hereafter as they
have heretofore. [Laughter.]
Mr. SCOTT. I have the same excuse that
the Senator from Wisconsin who has j ist taken
his seat had for saying a word on this case,
the importance of the principle that is to be
established. In addition to that, I have the
excuse of being called upon frequently as a
42d Cong. 3d Sess.—No, 6.
member of the Committee on Finance to pass
upon cases of this very character; and in ad
dition to that, I am reminded that in the annual
report of the Secretary of the Treasury this
year he recommends Congress to relieve the
Assistant Treasurer of the United States at
New York from a liability of over $100,000
on account of a defalcation for stamps; so
that we are brought to a very important ques-
tion by this simple bill with reference to this
Costmistress. That is a case not of robbery
y outside parties, but a case of defalcation
by a clerk placed there either by the act of
the Assistant Treasurer or of the Government,
I am not certain which.
Now we are brought clearly to this question
of public policy: ought the Government to
say to all officers in its employment charged
with the care of public funds, or of stamps,
that there is no relief for responsibility? It
matters not whether you have acted in good
faith or not; it matters not whether the defal-
cation has occurred by treachery or dishonesty
of your subordinates or by the superior force
of robbers or burglars, there is to be no relief
in any case ; here is your bond and we want
the pound of flesh. That is the question.
Will the Government under all circumstances,
without regard to the plea that is presented of
good faith, of overpowering strength, demand
the payment of the money ?
I agree with the Senator from New Jersey
that it is not a good rule of public policy for
us to enact, and the analogies that are invoked
here are not analogies entirely if you carry
them through. A safe deposit company ad-
vertises for business on the very ground of
protecting the valuables that are deposited
with it from robbery and from theft, and it
undertakes- that risk. People deposit their
money in banks because banks have the ap-
pliances, they have their watchmen, they have
their safes, and they undertake to make money
for themselves out of the money that is de-
posited with them in payment of the risk which
they undertake.
These cases are not naturally analogous,
because, as has been said, these officers under
bond are there rather for the purpose of per-
forming the routine duties of receiving and
distributing the mails than of taking charge
of the valuables of the Government. Those
valuables are a necessary part of the machin-
ery for carrying on the office. The stamps
have to be sold and delivered by them to
people who have business in their office. If
we wish to secure the services of good offi-
cers in these unimportant post offices, of per-
sons of responsibility, I think it would be a
bad rule of public policy for the Government
to announce that there would be no relief for
robbery, or treachery, where there is no col-
lusion on the part of the officers. Because
the law is as it is without exception, these
exceptional cases come here and we are sitting
to-day as a jury would be sitting if the law
was as has been suggested by the Senator
from Wisconsin, to require due diligence, in-
stead of liability without exception. I think
when a good case is made, I, sitting as a
juror, shall vote to relieve the parties. We
may do wrong in one or two instances, bat
that is no reason why we ought not to do
right in many.
Mr. FLANAGAN. Mr. President, a good
deal has been said upon this subject, and yet
■with all the ability of Senators they have not
been enabled to mystify this question very
much. It appears to me that there are two
simple propositions to be solved in this case.
The first is, have we the ability to afford the
relief? The response surely is in the affirma-
tive. Then the next question is, is it a meri-
torious case ? If it be so, it is entitled to re-
lief.
As to precedents, there may have been a
thousand, and they will continue as long as
legislation continues. We shall make mis-
takes from time to time, and all legislative
bodies will do so ; but whenever a case is pre-
sented, its merits are to be inquired into, and
if it is meritorious, relief should be granted.
That is the spirit of the Government, as I
understand it, clearly and unmistakably. In
this case the proof seems to be satisfactory,
so that I can very clearly cast my vote fort he
relief asked for. The Government has its
agents. Its officers are abroad throughout
the land. An examination has been had in
this case. The recommendation is favorable.
Other cases are spoken of, some now perhaps
before the committee. Hundreds may come
up that have not yet been dreamed of. When-
ever they do come, the Senate will certainly
h we the good sense to act directly upon them.
I know they will endeavor to do so. I think
there is nothing mysterious about this matter,
and that the relief ought to be granted.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is, shall this bill be engrossed and read a
third time, on which the yeas and nays have
been ordered.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 32, nays 15 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Buckingham, Caldwell,
Chandler, Clayton, Conkling.Corbett, Cragin, Davis,
Fenton, Ferry of Michigan, Flanagan, Frelinghuy-
sen, Goldthwaite, Hamlin, Hitchcock, Howe, Logan,
Patterson, Pomeroy. Pratt, Ramsey, Rice, Schurz,
Scott, Stewart, Sumner, Tipton, Trumbull, Viokers,
Windom, and Wright—32.
NAYS—Messrs. Alcorn, Ames, Carpenter, Cas-
sorly, Edmunds, Ferry of Connecticut, Johnston,
Kelly, Machen, Norwood, Robertson, Saulsbury,
Sherman, Thurman, and West—15.
ABSENT.—Messrs. Bayard, Blair, Boreman,
Brownlow, Cameron. Cole, Cooper, Gilbert, Hamil-
ton, of Maryland. Hamilton of Texas, Harlan, Hill,
Kellogg, Lewis, Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Ver-
mont, Nye, Osborn, Pool, Ransom, Sawyer, Spencer,
Sprague, Stevenson, Stockton, and Wilson—27.
So the bill was ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading. It was read the third time,
and passed.
territory of ojibway.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 360) to establish the Territory of
Ojibway, and to provide a temporary govern-
ment therefor.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. This bill
was reported by the Senator from West Vir-
ginia, [Mr. Bobeman,] from the Committee on
Territories, with amendments, on the 8th of
February last.
Mr. RAMSEY. I see that the chairman of
the Committee on Territories is absent, and I
suppose that bill might as well go over.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will be
passed over.
contractors for war vessels.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 134) for the relief of certain contract-
ors for the construction of vessels of war and
steam machinery.
The PRESIDING. OFFICER. This bill
was reported by the Senator from Nevada,
[Mr. Nye,] from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, with an amendment, on the 12th of
February. If there be no objection the bill
will be read at length.
The Chief Clerk read the bill.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. As the Sen-
ator who reported that bill is not present, I
think it had better go over.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill will
be passed over.
newton h. adams and john rudbnstein.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(H. R. No. 457) to place on the naval pen-
sion-roll the names of the widows and minor
children of Newton H. Adams and John
Rudenstein.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. This bill
was reported by the Senator from Vermont,
[Mr. Edmunds,] from the Committee on Pen-
sions adversely, on the 15th of February.
Mr. PRATT. As the Senator who made
the report in that case is not now in his seat,,
I suggest that the bill be passed over until to-
morrow.
