2006
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
delegates. Jo all five hundred and forty-two dele-
gates, representing twenty-nine different countries*
The United States wag entirely unrepresented.
Fourth Congress, 1860.
The fourth congress was held at London on the
invitation of the British Government from the 16th
ts?the21stdayofJuly, in the year I860, whioh was
attended by eighty-one foreign and fivehundredand
five British delegates, representing twenty-four
different oountries. The United States was repre^
eentedby Judge Longstreet as the official delegate,
and by Br. Edward Jarvis, of Dorchester, Massa-
chusetts, as the representative of the American
statistical association. This Congress was ably pre*
sided over by the prince oonsort, the late Prinae
Albert, whose talented and remarkable opening ad*-
dress has received great commendation in different
countries. The following is a short extract from thp
prince president's inaugural address:
" It is the social condition of mankind as exhibited
by those facts which form the chief object of the
study and investigation undertaken by this con-
gress ; and it hopes that the results of its labors will
afford to the statesman and legislator a sure guide
in his endeavors to promote social development and
happiness.
The importance of these international Congresses
in this respect cannot be overrated. They not only
awaken public attention to the value of their pur-
suits, bring together men of all countries who devote
their lives to them, and who are thus enabled to ex-
change their thoughts and varied experiences, but
they pave the way to an agreement among different
Governmentsand nations to followup these inquiries
in a common spirit, by a common method, and for a
common end."
Fifth (hngrms, 1863.
The fifth congress was held at Berlin from the
4th to the 12th days of September, 1863, on the in-
vitation of the king of Prussia. It was attended by
one hundred and twenty-seven foreign dolegatea
and three hundred and fifty Prussian delegates, in
all four hundred and seventy-seven delegates,
representing thirty-three different countries.
The United States was represented by Hon. Samuel
B. Buggies, sole official delegate, and by Mr. E). B,
E211ioita3 the representative of the American statis-
tical association and the United States sanitary
commission.
Sixth Congress, 1867.
The sixth oongress met at Florence from the 27th
day of September to the 4th day of October, 1867, on
invitation of the king of Italy. It was attended by
eighty-five foreign delegates and six hunded and
sixty-six Italians, in all seven hundred and fifty-one
delegates, representing twenty-two different nations,
and being the most numerously attended of any of
the statistical congresses. The heir apparent, Prince
Humbert, was appointed the honorary president
of the congress,. The United States was entirely
unrepresented.
Seventh Congress, 1869.
The seventh congress convened on the invitation
of the king of Holland at the Hague in September,
1869, which was attended by one hundred and six-
teen foreign, and three hundred and sevonty-two
Butch delegates, in all four hundred and eighty-
eight delegates, representing twenty-eix different
countries.
The United States was represented by Hon. Sam-
uel B. Ruggles as its sole official delegate and by
three unofficial delegates.
Eighth Congress. 1872.
The eighth session of the congress assembled at
St. Petersburg on the invitation of the emperor in
August, 1872. It was attended by one hundred and
twenty-eight foreign and by thre'e hundred and sixty
Russian delegates, m all four hundred and eighty-
eight delegates, (the same number as at the Hague,)
representing thirty-one different countrios.
The United States was represented by three offi-
cial and seven unofficial delegates. The official
delegates were Br. Edward Young, chief of the
Bureau of Statistics of tho Treasury Department,
Dr. Edwin M. Snow, city registrar, of Providence,
Rhode Island, and Mr. William Barnes, ex-super~
intemlent of the insurance department, of the State
of New York. The honorary president of the con-
gress was the Grand Duke (Jonstantine Nicolaivitch,
the brother of tho omperor Alexander.
Among other subjects discussed and considered by
the various international statistical congresses aro
the following:
1. The general theory of statistics and of the or-
ganization and regulation of governmental bureaus
and central commissions devoted to this subject,
statisricai documents; their preparation, distribu-
tion, and exchange between different countries.
2. Territory and physical geography of different
countries; meteorology; the statistics of large cities.
3. General cervsuso.3 of population, tho manner of
taking and mode of operation; tables of mortality;
movement of population; emigration; foundation
of ethnological inquiries.
4. Hygiene; statistics of geographical influence?
on health; of epidemics: of insanity; of military
and civil hospitals; of the comparative health of
the military and civilians; statistics of traveling
accidents, and of accidents in mines and manufac-
tories.
5. Real estate, the title to the same, and of changes
of title ; of the building on real estate; of the vari-
ous methods for surveying the same.
6. Agncuitural statistics; facts to becollected and
mode of operation.
7. Statistics of fisheries; pisciculture; sylviculture.
8. Statistics of pilnesand manufactories.
9. General statistics ana wages of labor.
10. The statistics of provident institutions.
11. The statistics of particular occupations.
12. Uniformity of moneys, weights, and measures
among civilized nations. The metrio system.
13. Statistics of foreign and internal commerce
and navigation.
14. Statistics of.the post office and telegraph.
15. Statistics of banks and institutions of credit.
16. Statistics of marine, fife, life, accident, cattle,
and other casualty insurance.
17. Statistios qf the indigent classes. .
IS. Statistics of public instruction, of scienoe, and
of art. Establishments for instruction in the fine
arts and forthe preservation of objects of solentifio
interest;. Statistics of literature.
19. Judicial statistics, civil and criminal.
20. Statistics of prisons and penitentiaries.
21. Statistios of land and naval foroes of different
nations.
22. Financial statistics generally, revenues of the
nation, foreign and internal duties, ajid excise
charges.
23. Statistios of European and trans-oceanio
provinces.
24. Uniform nomenclature of human diseases and
causes ofdeath. Uniform nomenclature of the vari-
ous articles of external and internal commerce.
Also of the various classes of orimes and criminals.
23. Plan for the uniform publication of works on
international and ooniparativo statistics, covering
tho facts collected from all the civilized nations on
one subject, and embraoing the same in one volumo
or publication. Different subjects assigned to the
various nations for the purpose of preparing and
publishing aworkon the particularsubjeot assigned.
26. The application of the graphic and geographic
methods to the elucidation of statistical inquiries,
and of the use of maps and diagrams in this con-
nection.
Tho discussions and resolutions of the various
congresses on these and other matters are fully re-
ported in the elaborate comptet vendue and official
programmes of the different sessions, which can be
found in the Congressional Library, at Washington.
THE LAST SESSION OF THIS C0NGKB38 Ilf ST. FBTKHS-
BUEO.
The delegates from theUnited States were reoeiv.ed
with great cordiality and kindness by the represen-
tatives of all the other nations, and especially by the
Russian Government and people. Tho railroads
tendered first-class tiokets to all the delegates from
tho frontiers of the Russian empire both going and
returning with a choice of routes.
The municipality of St. Petersburg tendered free
quarters at several of the principal hotels of the
city, the Government offices and the grand hall of
nobles was opened for the meeting of tho nations
and for the general meetings, and an appropriation
made for expenses of ten thousand roubles by the
Government. Carriages were provided for the dele-
fatos in going to and returning from the meetings.
'he palaces, galleries, and libraries were all thrown
open to the viMts of tho delegates, and various, ex-
cursions to Cronstadt, Poterhoff, Zarskoe-silo, and
up and down tho Neva were tendered, as well as sov-
eral publio dinners by the emporor, by tho citizens
of St. Petersburg, and by one of the large iron-ship
building establishments.
A well-arranged excursion was given to the dele-
gates by the ancient municipality of Moscow, which
lasted for several days, including an inspection of
the polytechnic exhibition in that city of the various
ethnological and other museums and churches, the
university, and the palaces of the Kremlin, and a
grand reception at the palace of tho general Gov-
ernor.
If the next session of the congress should be held
in this country, doubt! ess similar hospitalities should
be tendered by our national Government, munici-
palities, railways, manufacturing establishments,
and public and private citizens.
A very general desiro to have the next meeting in
the United States was expressed by the delegates
from nearly every country at Petersburg, and surely
no country has more to gain by a full exhibition of
actual facts and figures than the great Republic,
although one of tho youngest of the sisterhood of
nations, which has not as yot celebrated her first cen-
tennial, while Russia has already gathered her mil-
lions around a grand memorial ot her first millen-
nium!
lands in sheboygan, wisconsin.
Mr. RUSK, from the Committee on the Public
Lands, reported back the bill (H. R. No. 2092)
relating to the disposition of certain lands to
he reclaimed in sections fourteen, twenty-three,
and twenty-six, in township sixteen north, ot
range twenty, iu the county of Sheboygan, in
the State of Wisconsin, with the recommenda-
tion that it do pass with amendments ; the bill
was read. It provides that so much of the bedof
the marsh orpond in sections fourteen, twenty-
three, and twenty-six, in township sixteen
north, of range twenty east of the fourth princi-
pal meredian in the county of Sheboygan, in the
State of Wisconsin, as shall or may be reclaimed
by draining the water from the same, shall be
owend and held, so far as any rights or inter-
ests of the United States are concerned, by
the owners of the lands abutting upon the
marsh or pond, and draining the same, to the
center or thread thereof, and divided among
the several' owners adjoining abutting the
marsh or pond, according to the rule of the
common law.
The amendments reported by the Committee
■were read, as follows:
In lines eleven and twelve, strike out the words
"to the center or thread thereof/ ana in' lmes
twelve and thirteen, the words. " according to the
rules of the common law." .
Insert at the end of the bill the following:
Provided, That upon notice to the Commissioner
of the General Land Offioe, the proposed draining
is completed, the lands so drained and _ reclaimed
shall bosurveved and allotted by the united States
Surveyor General or some competent surveyor to be
by him designated, apportioning the same among
the adjacent owners according to their present hold-
ings on the margin, and th« number of acres in each
subdivision or lot shall be ascertained and certified
to the General Land Office. Provided further. That
such owner or owners shall pay to the witnesses the
sum of $1 25 per acre for so muoh of said land as
they shall severally be entitled to enter before any
title shall pass as against the United States.
The amendments were agreed to.
The bill as amended was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. RUSK moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Stmpson,
one of its clerks, informed the House that the
Senate agreed to the amendment of the House
of Representatives to the bill (S. No. 1572) for
the suppression of trade in and circulation of
obsoene literature and articles of immoral use.
The message also informed the House that
the Senate agreed to the amendments of the
House to the bill (S. No. 1079) to authorize
the construction of a bridge across the Mis-
souri river at or near the city of Lexington, in
the State of Missouri, and to establish it as a
post road.
The message also announced that the Sen-
ate agreed to the resolution of the House of
Representatives for the printing of extra
copies of the report of the commissioner of
mining statistics.
The message also announced that the Sen-
ate had agreed to the amendment of the House
of Representatives to the amendments of the
Senate to the bill (H. R. No. 3274) to estab-
lish certain post roads, with further amend-
ments, in which the concurrence of the House
was requested.
The message further announced that the
Senate insisted on its amendments to the bill
(H. it. No. 8921) making appropriations for
sundry civil expenses of the Governmant for
the fiscal year ending June 30, 1874, and for
other purposes, agreed to the request of the
House for a conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses thereon, and had
appointed Mr. Cole, Mr. Sawyer, and Mr.
Stockton managers of the conference on the
part of the Senate.
The message further announced that the
Senate had passed with amendments, in which
the concurrence of the House was requested,
bills of the House of the following titles:
A joint resolution (H. E. No. 23) to enable
the Secretary of War to pay the expenses
incurred in suppressing Indian hostilities in
the year 1867;
A bill (H. K. No. 2555)granting an increase
of pension to Robert S. Dumont;
A bili granting a pension to Ardella D. War-
field and Lindsley N. Warfield;
A bill^H. R. No. 3611) to remove the legal
disabilities of Shelton F. Leake, of Albemarle
county, Viiginia;
A bill (H. R. No. 2874) to restore Absalom
Kerby as second assistant engineer in the
Navy;
