THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 3,
this time; and as I do not now remember the
Hraouiit of bank circulation that is authorized,
I will state in round numbers that it is about
$350, OOOjOOQ. '
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. Three hundred
and fitty-four.ipillion dollars, I will say to the
Senator. Y. ,
Mr. COLE. ' I, observe that in October
last—1 have not any more recent report—the
national banks of their own circulation of
this description had a reserve of $15,000,000,
which had not been put out to draw interest.
There were then put out by the national banks,
taking them together, about $340,000,000 of
circulation, which was bearing interest to
those who issued the notes. I find in the same
report (which I had not at hand when I was
on the floor before) that these banks have as
reserve legal tenders and fractional currency
upwards of $105,000,000. That much was
kept in reserve, and the volume of the cir-
culating tnedium of the country was of course
less all the while by the amount of reserve
which the banks were required to retain in
their vaults to redeem their circulation. If
this restriction is removed, there is nothing,
of course, to prevent the national banks put:
ting in circulation: this amount which they
hold in reserve, be it $100,000,000, more or
less. And I might ask the Senator from Ver-
mont, if bo much 'pere issued or put forth in
any form, or even in the form of a circulating
medium, would it not interfere materially with
the Value of either of these descriptions of
money which are now in circulation ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I did not
hear the first part of the Senator's question.
Mr. COLE. I ask whether it would not in-
terfere with the amount of gold that the notes
wopld bring into the market, per dollar?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The first
statement of the Senator I did not hoar.
Mr. COLE. We have been legislating
enough, it seems to me, on behalf of the na-
tional banks. There is one or another prop-
osition every year coming up for their benefit.
I believe it was but last year that the propo-
sition was made and carried to authorize them
to have as reserve the three per cent, securi-
ties of the Government. The Senator knows
bettor than I do, because he is on the Finance
Committee, whether that was passed or not.
But such a proposition was pending, I am cer-
tain, and I think it passed. And now comes
the proposition to relieve them entirely from
the necessity of keeping a reserve ; aud it will
result, necessarily, either in increasing the vol-
ume of the currency very materially, or in
converting the description of securities which
they now hold,' to wit, $105,000,000, more or
less, of United States notes, into interest-bear-
ing bonds. Such must necessarily be the case.
It_ seems to me, Mr. President, that the
credit of the nation is interfered with the more
by the increase of its burdens. If the in-
terest-bearing indebtedness is increased by
$300,000,000, more or less, from $1,800,-
000,000 to $2,100,000,000 or $2,200,000,000,
the burden of the people being greater, it will
interfere with the national credit.
I am clearly of the opinion that this "bill
ought not to pass, that it is not called for by
the people, that there is no proposition con-
tained in the bill for the accommodation of
the people; but it is for the interest of the
national banks. I am told that I represent a
constituency that do not have national banks.
But my constituents are interested in the taxes
that are paid by the people; they are interested
in the national indebtedness, they have their
proper proportion of it to bear, and it is my
privilege, and, as I believe, my duty to give my
views in regard to these matters. And I have
done it in a plain way and without any refine-
ment of reasoning.
Mr. BOREMAN. Mr. President, the first
section of this bill, or what will become the
first section if the amendment prevails—1—
1 Mr. SHERMAN. Will my friend from West
Virginia allow the formal amendment I offered
to the third section to be adopted, and then
the bill will be open to amendment?
Mr. BOREMAN. I was going to ask a ques-
tion. The first section provides for the pay-
ment of holders of United States notes in coin
or five per cent, bonds, and then comes the
provision "and the Secretary of the Treasury'
may reissue the United States notes so received,
or if they are canceled, may issue United
States notes to the same amount, either to pur-
chase or redeem the public debt or to meet
the current payments for' the public service."
The object of this bill, as I understand it, is to
pay United States notes in coin, or, in other
words, to bring about specie payments. That
is well enough if it can be accomplished with-
out injury,to the business and to the people of
the country. My question is this: whether
this provision which I have read puts it into
the power of the Secretary of the Treasury to
redeem these notes and retain them, not to
reissue them, thereby reducing the circulating
medium of the country to that amount? Under
existing laws, as I understand, we have about
three hundred and fifty-six millions of United
States notes in circulation and it is not in the
power of the Secretary of the Treasury to
reduce that amount.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is the opinion of
the Committee on Finance.
Mr. BOREMAN. I ask the chairman of
the committee now, whether it is intended by
this provision to put it into the power of the
Secretary of the Treasury to reduce the amount
of the circulating notes absolutely?
Mr. SHERMAN. Clearly not. By the law
as it stands this day the Secretary has no
power to reduce the amount of legal-tender
notes. They come into the Treasury and they
are paid out in the ordinary course, and this
does only the same. It dqcs what the law now
authorizes.
Mr. BOREMAN. My question is, whether
it is intended by this provision to allow him to
excrcisc that power of himself?
Mr. SHERMAN. No, sir; he has no
power to cancel a single note except for the
purpose of providing another.
Mr. BOREMAN. They still continue as
the circulating medium of the country?
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes, sir: limited by law
to $356,000,000. I ought to inform my friend,
however, that the Secretary claims that he
lias-power under existing law to issue up to
$400,000,000, but that is a disputed question
which I do not want to bring into this de-
bate.
Mr. BOREMAN. I understand that, but I
understand the Finance Committee differ from
him ou that proposition.
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes, sir. We think he
has no power to issue beyond $356,000,000.
He has no power to cancel within that limit,
but to issue and reissue as the demands of the
public service may require.
Mr. BOREMAN. The language here then
is permissive, which I supposed might be man-
datory. What I may do in the futurel cannot
say; but I do not intend at this time to voteto
give the Secretary of the Treasury the power
to reduce the amount in circulation of United
States notes. I am opposed to that, and if the
provision to which I have referred were in-
tended to confer upon him that power, I should
vote against the bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. My friend from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Soott] informs me of the full scope
of the question of the Senator from West Vir-
ginia; ldid not hear his first observation ; and
I will say that this bill confers no power on the
Secretary of the Treasury upon the subject
spoken' of that he does not possess now under
the pfesent law. He lias no more power to
reduce the currency ot contract the currency
Under this bill than he has under the present
law. This gives him none.
Mr. BOREMAN. That was what I wanted
to know.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Conk-
ling in the chair.) The question is on the
amendment dffered by the Senator from Ohio
[Mr. Sherman] to the amendment of the Com-
mittee on Finance, the amendment to the
amendment being to strike out the word
" which " in the third section.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. There is another verbal
amendment, to insert the word '' and'' in the
fifth line of that section.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. Now I ask that section
six be stricken out. That having already
passed the Senate, there is no object ir. keep
ing it in here.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The question recurred on the amendment of
the Committee on Finance as amended, to
strike out all of the original bill after the enact-
ing clause in the following words :
That the act entitled "An act to provide a national
currency secured by a pledge of United States bonds,
and to provide for the circulation and redemption
thereof," approved June 3,1864, be, and the same is
hereby declared to be, open and free for banking,
and any and all persons are at liberty to organize
banking associations at sueh places as they shalj
judge proper, in accordance with the provisions of
said act, and of other acts relating to national bank-
ing associations.
Sec. 2, That all banking associations are prohib-
ited from paying interest, directly or indirectly, on
any and every description of deposits. The reserve
which banking associations are required to hold,
under the provisions and conditions of the act to
which this is supplementary, may include such Uni-
ted States bonds as bear interest payable in coin, as
well as lawful money of the United States. All
banking associations shall redeem their circulating
notes at such localities as are now, or may be here-
after, designated by law, either, in coin, or in Uni-
ted States legal-tender notes, or in United States
interest-bearing bonds, at par, with accrued interest,
at tho option of the associations.
Sec. 3. That United States legal-tender notes,
in sums of one thousand dollars and its multiple,
shall, on demand by the holder thereof, be re-
deemed by the Treasurer of the United States,
either wiCh coin or with United States bonds, the
principal of which shall be payable on demand in
legal-tender notes, and the interest on which shall
be payable semi-annually, in coin, at the rate of
three and sixty-five hundredths per cent, per
annum, at the option of the Treasurer; and the
principal of any United States bonds bearing inter-
est payable in coin shall, on demand by the holder
thereof, be paid by the Treasurer af the United
States in legal-tender notes, and the interest in
coin. All bonds issued under the provisions of this
act shall be free from State and municipal taxa-
tion.
Sec. 4. That it shall be the duty of the Secretary
of tho Treasury to issue bonds, as herein described,
01 denominations not less than onehnndred dollars,
and legal-tender notes in denominations not less
than five dollars, and to make all rules and regula-
tions necessary to furnish proof of the lawful issue
of sueh bonds and notes, and all that may be neces-
sary to execute the provisions of this act.
And in lieu thereof to insert:
That on the 1st day of January, 1874, the Secretary
ot tho treasury is authorized and required to pay,
on demand, at the office of the Assistant Treasurer
in the city of New York, to nny holder of United
btates notes to the amount of $1,000, or any multiple
thereof, in exchange for such notes, an equal
amount of the gold coin of tho United States; or, in
lieu of com, he may, at his option, issue in exchange
tor said notes an equal amount of coupon or regis-
tered bonds of the United States, in such form aa he
may prescribe, and of denominations of fifty dollars,
or some multiple of that sum, redeemable in coin
tt ^ne Present standard value, at the pleasure of the
united States, after, ten years from the date of their
issuo, and bearing interest, payable quarterly in
Siu j the rate of five per cent, per annum.
And the Secretary of the Treasury may reissue tho
tl mted btates notes so received, or, if they are can-
celed, may issue United States notes to the samo
amount, either to purchase or redeem the public
debt, or to meet the current payments for the public
service. And the said bonds and the interest
thereon shall be exempt from the payment of all
taxes .or duties of the United States as well as from
taxation m any form by or under State, municipal
or local authority; and the said bond* shall have
set forth and expressed upon their face tho abovo
specified conditions, and shall, with their coupons
States pay le at the Treasury of the United
Sec. 2. That from and after the 1st day of July
