82
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 9,
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will be
passed over.
mississippi improvement land grant.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 602) to perfect navigation on the
Mississippi river.
The PRESIDING OFFICER^ This bill
was reported by the Senator from Kansas, [Mr.
Pomeroy,] from the Committee on Public
Lands, on the 19ih of February, with an
amendment. If there be no objection, the bill
will be read.
The Chief Clerk read the bill.
The Committee on Public Lands reported
the bill with an amendment to strike out all
after the enacting clause, and insert in lieu
thereof the following:
That in the selection of lands granted by an act
entitled "An act making a grant of lands to the
State of Minnesota to aid in the improvement of the
Mississippi river," approved July 28, 18(58, pine-
timber lands may be selected and sold without ref-
erence to the conditions of selection and sale in said
act set forth, except that thoy shall be situated iu
the State of Minnesota, and that each acre of double
minimum land selected shall count as two in the
satisfaction of said grant; that said pine landsshall
be sold at public auction to the highest bidder, and
the agricultural land to actual settlers only in quan-
tities not exceeding one hundred and sixty acres to
one person, and at a rate not exceeding fl,2S per
acre, and when from all sueh sales the sum of it>2o0,000
has been realized, said sales shall cease, and the land
remaining unsold shall revert to the United States:
and that said lock and dam shall be constructed
within four years from the passage of this act: Pro-
vided, That nothing herein shall be construed to in-
crease or in any manner enlarge the grant heretofore
made: And provided further. That when the State
shall have accepted this act, any rights under the
original act of which thisis amendatory, inconsistent
herewith, shall be considered relinquished.
Mr. HARLAN. I should like to have the
chairman of the Committee on Public Lands
state what the original law is that it is pro-
posed to amend by this bill.
Mr. POMEROY. I have it not before me,
but my recollection is that it simply gave them
a grant of two hundred thousand acres. The
Senator from Minnesota will correct me if I
am wrong. The original grant, I believe, was
a direct grant to this work of two hundred
thousand acres.
Mr. RAMSEY. I think it was, but I have
not had the papers in my hand for some time.
Mr. POMEROY. There was no restriction
in regard to what they should sell it for per
acre, no restriction in regard to the question
whether it should be agricultural or pine land.
The evidence before the committee at the last
session, if I recollect aright, was that it was
very desirable to sell such lands as were
adapted for cultivation to actual settlers only,
and to allow the lands that were not adapted
for cultivation, sandy lands with pines upon
them, to be sold to the highest bidder on
sealed bids. The committee thought that was
a better way to dispose of the question than to
allow the company to go indiscriminately and
take these lands, and then a3k the settlers
whatever they chose for them.
Mr. HARLAN. Unless there is some neces-
sity for immediate action on this bill, I prefer
that it should go over until I can look into it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill
will be passed over.
ATCHISON, TOPKKA, AND SANTA FB RAILROAD.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 676) to extend the time for the com-
pletion of the Atchison, Topeka, and Santa
F6 railroad.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. This bill was
reported by the Senator from Kansas, [Mr.
Pomeroy,] from the Committee on Public
Lands, on ihe 20th of February.
Mr. POMEROY. I shall move the indefi-
nite postponement of that bill, from the fact
that it has been on our Calendar so long that
the company have completed their road while
we have been considering the question whether
we would extend the time or not. I made
about a dozen fruitless attempts at the last ses-
sion to get their time extended, but not meeting
with much success, the company, taking the
hint that they would not be likely to get their
time extended, have done what is most remark-
j able, built more than two hundred miles of
road this summer since we have had the bill
on the Calendar, and have so far completed
their road that they will have it entirely fin-
ished before the expiration of their time. I
therefore move that this bill be indefinitely
postponed.
The motion was agreed to.
nortii louisiana and texas railroad.
The cext bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 115) reviving a grant of lands hereto-
fore made to the north Louisiana and Texas
railroad.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. This bill
was reported by the Senator from Kansas,
[Mr. Pomeroy,] from the Committee on Public
Lands, on the 20th of February last. It will
be read if there be no objection.
The Chief Clerk read the bill,
j Mr. THURMAN. That bill had better lie
over.
i The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objection
being made, the bill will lie over.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Mr. RAMSEY. I move that the Senate
now proceed to the consideration of executive
business. It is nearly three o'clock.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is too early yet.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate
j; proceeded to the consideration of executive
11 business. After ten minutes spent in execu-
| tive session the doors were reopened, and (at
|i two o'clock and fifty four minutes p. m.) the
l| Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, December 9, 1872.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler.
The Journal of Friday last was read and
approved.
ORDER OF BUSINE88.
The SPEAKER. This being Monday, the
first business in order will be the call of the
States and Territories, beginning with the State
of Maine, for the introduction of bills and joint
resolutions for reference to their appropriate
committees, and not to be brought back by
i motions to reconsider. Under this call memo-
! rials and resolutions of State and territorial
I Legislatures may be presented for reference
) and printing. The morning hour begins at
five minutes after twelve o'clock.
LIFE-SAVING STATIONS.
Mr. LYNCH introduced a bill (H. R. No.
3033) to provide for the establishment of life-
saving stations on the coasts of Maine and New
Hampshire ; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee ou Commerce,
and ordered to be printed.
ELECTION OF PRESIDENT, ETC.
Mr. LYNCH also introduced a joint reso-
lution (H. II. No. 161) proposing an amend-
ment to the Constitution of the United States,
so as to provide for the election of President
and Vice President of the United States by a
direct vote of the people without the interven-
tion of electors; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
LIFE-SAVING STATIONS.
Mr. HALE introduced a bill (H. R. No.
3034) to authorize the construction of lire-
saving stations upon the coast of Maine : which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee on Commerce, and ordered to
be printed.
UNIFORM DAY FOR STATE ELECTIONS.
Mr. HIBBARD introduced a joint resolution,
(H. R. No. 1C2) proposing an amendment to
the Constitution of the United States, author-
izing Congress to fix a uniform day for holding
State elections ; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
REPEAL OF STAMP TAXES.
Mr. HIBBARD also introduced a bill (H.
R. No 3035) to repeal the taxes imposed by
stamps under schedule C ; which was read a
first and second time, referred to the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means, and ordered to be
printed.
civil service and postal reform.
Mr. WILLARD presented a joint resolution
of the Legislature of the State of Vermont., in
reference to civil service and postal reform ;
which was read as follows :
Resolved by the Senate and Ilouie' of Represent-
atives, That we cordially approvo the course pur-
sued by the President of the United States in his
patriotic endeavors to reform the civil service, so
that honesty, efficiency and fidelity shall be the es-
sential qualifications for public positions; and we
hereby request our Senators and Representatives iu
Congress to exert their entire influence to accom-
plish the same object, and also to rid the Govern-
ment of the abuses of the franking privilege.
Resolved, That the secretary of State be directed
to forward acopy of this resolution to the President
of the United States and to each of the Senators
and Representatives in Congress from this State.
The resolution was referred to the Committee
on the Reorganization of the Civil Service,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. POLAND. It seems to me that so
much of the resolution just read as relates to
the abolition of the franking privilege should
be referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
The SPEAKER. The resolution, if there
be no objection, will be referred to that com-
mittee, as well as the Committee on the Reor-
ganization of the Civil Service.
There was no objection.
SALARY OF PRESIDENT.
Mr. BANKS introduced a bill (H. R. No.
3036) to provide for the salary of the Presi-
dent of the United States; which was read a
first and second time.
Mr. BANKS. I ask that this bill be read
in full. It is very short.
The bill was read. It provides that on
and after March 4, 1873, the President of the
United States shall receive for his services
daring the term for which he shall have been
elected the Siim of $50,000 per annum, in full
for his services, to be paia quarterly at_ the
Treasury.
The bill was referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
PRESIDENTIAL TERM.
Mr. BANKS also introduced a joint resolu-
tion (H. R. No. 163) proposing an amend-
ment to the Constitution concerning the offi-
cial term of the Presidentof the United States ;
which was read a first and second time, referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary, and ordered
to be printed.
SUFFERERS BY THE BOSTON FIRE.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, introduced
a bill (H. R. No. 3037) to remit the duties
upon certain goods destroyed by fire at the late
conflagration in the city of Boston ; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee of Ways and Means, and
ordered to be printed.
IMPORTS IN FRENCH VESSELS.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, also intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 3038) to refund the
amount of discriminating doty paid by import-
ing merchants of the United States under proc-
lamation of the President of the United States
of the 30th of October, 1872, on merchandise
actually afloat in French vessels from ports
other than those of France at the date of said
proclamation; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, referred to the Committee of Ways
and Means, and ordered to be printed.
