1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1047
next., the limit of the aggregate circulation of na-
tional banks now prescribed by law is repealed.
And all banks thereafter organized shall deposit as
security for their circulating notes bonds of the Uni-
ted States, issued under this not, or under the act
entitled " An act to authorize the refunding of the
national debt," approved July 14,1870.
Sec. 3. That all banking associations shall, on and
after January, 1874, redeem their notes at such lo-
calities as are now or as may be. hereafter designated
by law, either in coin or in United States legal-ten-
der notes, and shall be exempt from the requirement
under existing law as to holding a reserve of lawful
money of the United States: Provided. That noth-
ing herein contained shall authorize any national
gold bank established under an act entitled "An act
to provide for the redemption of three per cent,
temporary loan certificates, and for an increase of
national bank notes," approved July. 12, 18T0, to
redeem their circulating notes in anything but gold
coin of the United States.
Sec. 4. That section six of an act entitled "An act
to provide for the redemption of the three per cent,
temporary loan certificates, and for an increase of
national bank notes," approved July 12, 1870, be,
and is hereby, repealed.
Sec. 5. That banks without circulation may be or-
ganized under the provisions of an a.et entitled "An
act to provide a national currency secured by a
pledge of United States bonds, and to provide for
the circulation and redemption thereof," approved
June 3. 1864. upon the deposit with the Treasurer
of the United States of not less than $10,000 of United
States registered bonds, as provided in section
sixteen of that act.
Mr. THURMAN. Now, Mr. President, I
move to amend the third line of the first sec-
tion of the amendment by striking out the
word "four" and inserting "five;" so as to
read, "on the 1st day of January, 1875," &c.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. Allow me to state
to the honorable Senator that if certain other
amendments shall be adopted we may with
propriety change that date and put it even at
1873, and therefore I should like to have the
Senator withhold the amendment for the
present.
Mr. THURMAN". My friend does not
mean 1873. The first of January, 1873, has
passed.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I mean in July, 1873.
Mr. THURMAN. If the Senator desiresit
I will withhold the amendment for the present
so as to see what will be the result But now
I move another amendment: in line sixteen
of section one I move to strike out the word
"five" and'insert "two." As the bill now
stands it proposes that the greenbacks may be
redeemed either in gold or in bonds of the
United States, bearing interest at five per
cent. I wish to test whether the Senate is will-
ing to convert the greenbacks—with which the
people are perfectly satisfied, and which this
bill treats as better money than the banknotes
that the bill proposes shall be issued—into an
interest bearing debt at five per cent., or
whether it will not be content with two per
cent. For the purpose of testing the sense of
the Senate on that question, I move to strike
out "five" and insert "two," so that the bonds
which may be issued in redemption of the
greenbacks shall bear interest only at the rate
of two per cent.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment to the amendment-
Mr. CORBETT. It seems to me that that
amendment would destroy the object of the
committee. That object, I understand, is to
allow the Secretary of the Treasury to issue a
bond that, will be acceptable to the people. I
do not understand that he could issue such a
bond in very great quantities without reissuing
at once the legal tenders. The Secretary is
not authorized to reduce the volume of the legal
tenders. I do not understand that he is au-
thorized to invest these legal tenders in five
per cent, bonds; but hi case bonds are issued
at five per cent., the Secretary of the Treasury
receiving the money can use that money again
in purchasing six per cent, bonds, and in that
way he may, on the $1,000,000,000 now out-
standing, reduce the interest one per cent.,
perhaps, by this gradual transfer.
Of course, with a bond at two cent, this
could not be done. The people would not
surrender legal tenders for a two per cent,
bond, because a two per cent, bond would be
very much less than gold. The first bond that
was issued would show that it could not be
afterward sold for the par value, or anything
like par, and no more would be converted.
For this reason it would make this section
entirely inoperative.
Mr. THURMAN. Whether it would make
it inoperative or not would depend upon the
determination of the Senate in regard to the
reserve. If the Senate continue the present
provision of law requiring the bants to keep
a reserve, and allow them hereafter to keep a
reserve in bonds instead of in currency, then
the banks will be very willing indeed to turn
the reserve into two per cent, bonds. We
know very well how they kept their reserve in
certificates until the law allowing it was re-
pealed or we redeemed the certificates, which
bore a low rate of interest; and if you permit
them to keep their reserves in bonds instead
of the present provision, then they would be
very willing to convert them into a two per
cent. bond.
But apart from that, Mr. President, whether
you continue to require them to keep the re-
serve in the currency or not, if you pay two
per cent, interest on the bonds issued in pay-
ment or redemption of greenbacks and at the
same time authorize free banking and remove
all limit, as this bill proposes, to the amount
of currency that the banks may issue, so that
the bank currency may amount to a thousand
million dollars—if you do that the holders
of the greenbacks will convert them into bonds
even though they bear nothing more than two
per cent, interest. They will be bought up and
converted into bonds because the banks can
issue as much currency as the country can use.
If you make free banking, and remove, as this
bill proposes, all restriction upon the amount
of the national bank currency, the banks will
issue as much as the country can require, and
the greenbacks will be retired and converted
into an interest-bearing bond, even if the in-
terest is no more than two per cent.
Mr. FENTON. I think my friend from
Ohio falls into an error, and I trust he will
pardon me for a moment in attempting to
explain it.
Mr. THURMAN. Certainly.
Mr. FENTON. If the bill becomes a law,
and has the effect of retiring permanently
greenbacks into five per cent, gold-bearing
bonds as fully as though there was no authority
to reissue, then all is accomplished that the
friends of resumption desire. Because that
would surely tend to produce a resumption of
specie payments, and it is no matter how many
national banks under the free system here
proposed are established, so they can only
maintain specie payments. If they can main-
tain specie payments with five hundred millions
of currency, very well; there will be only so
many banks as can maintain five hundred
millions of paper currency on a specie basis.
If they can maintain a thousand millions of
currency under this bill, very well; then there
will be a thousand millions, and the business
interests of the country will properly absorb
this, or other amount of currency, thus readily
convertible into coin. This is the best measure
of the country's needs, and the assurance of
stability.
But the fallacy of the position into , which
my friend from Ohio has fallen is, I think, in
supposing that the bill will work this result.
When money is easy, the holders of currency
will no doubt convert it into these five per cent,
gold bonds. Indeed, I am very sure there would
be large conversion at certain seasons of the
year. Now, if there was a provision in this bill
that a portion of this greenback currency, say
four or five million dollars a month, even one or
two millions, should be permanently retired,
there would be agenuine tendency toward specie
payments. But there is no such provision.
The Secretary of the Treasury, as he deems
it important to the business interests of the
country, or upon his own caprice, may again
reissue the entire amount of this Government
currency thus converted, affording still larger
opportunities for the finance officer of the
Government to control, in a greater or less
measure, the business and money operations
of. the country. If his power is great now,
this would increase it, and thus augment by
possibility an evil of which we have had, some
of us, occasion to complain.
While I am on my feet I may be indulged
in going a step further. The bill as it now
stands, or as proposed by the honorable chair-
man of the Committee on Finance, instead of
tending to a resumption of specie payments,
gets us further away from that desirable result.
I do not pretend to deny that the issue of gold
interest-bearing bonds would have the effect to
limit, though it would arbitrarily limit, the
amount of the depreciation of the currency.
The nominal difference now is only twelve or
thirteen per cent, between paper and gold, but
the real difference is very much greater. If
the Secretary of the Treasury had $250,000,000
in gold, instead of $75,000,000 to $100,000,000,
to operate upon the market or upon the so-
called corners of Wall street, he could, perhaps,
reduce the difference to a still less nominal
rate, but it would be a fictitious, not a real re-
duction ; it would be a nominal, not a real
difference.
But this bill, instead of contracting the cur-
rency, so important in my judgment in the
work of resumption, neither does that nor hold
it to the present volume. The effect and ope,ra-
tion of the bill would result in an actual
increase.
It will be seen that the third section requires
that the currency established under the banking
section of the bill—for the bill has two distinct
features or parts, one relating to resumption
and the other to banking—shall be redeemed
at such localities as are now designated by law,
in coin. Well, sir, suppose they do that, sup-
pose the country banks deposit in their redeem-
ing agencies in the city of New York a hundred
million dollars for the purpose of redeeming
their notes in coin or otherwise, as provided in
this bill, what provision is there hereto prevent
these redeeming agencies from loaning out this
currency ? None whatever. So that the banks
in the interior may deposit in the city of New
York, or at other redeeming points, an amount
sufficient to redeem their own circulating 'notes,
and yet there is no provision in this bill to pre-
vent the redeeming agency from again loaning
out those notes.
So I have to suggest that if the bill shall
receive the approval of the Senate it should
carry with it at the end of the third section a
provision something like this :
Provided aim, That prompt redemptions at such
localities as are now or may hereafter be designated
by law are enforced, under such regulations as the
Secretary of the Treasury may prescribe, through
properly organized assorting and clearing houses or
otherwise, and the bills thus redeemed shall be sent
home to the respective banks and not reissued by
the redeeming agencies.
This incorporated in the third section would
have the effect of preventing a redundancy of
the currency and to limit the circulation to
the actual business wants of the country. In
my judgment it is altogether important that it
should accompany this bill if it is to become
a law. We must at least guard against a
worse condition than we now have.
Before I take my seat, I wish to ask the
chairman of the Committee on Finance
whether he believes it possible to resume and
maintain specie payments with the present
volume of paper currency?
Mr. SHERMAN. I stated that point very
fully and argued it at some length when I
reported the bill. I have no doubt that with
the present volume of paper money we can
advance our currency to the par of gold. I
stated that the other day in my remarks, and
gave tlin reasons for my opinion.
Mr. FENTON. They were far from satis-
factory to me. I did not understand the hon-
