1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
83
safety of united states bonds.
Mr. HOAR introduced a bill (II. It. No.
3039) to provide for the safety of bonds of the
United States; which was read a first and
secoud time, referred to the Committee on
Banking aud Currency, and ordered to be
printed.
reduction of taxes.
Mr. EAMES introduced a bill (II. R. No.
3040) to reduce existing taxes; which was read
a first and second time, referred to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, aud ordered to be
printed.
nathan ii. abbott.
Mr. HAWLEY, of Connecticut, introduced
a bill (H. R. No. 3041) for the relief of Na-
than B. Abbott; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
niw harbor, etc.
Mr. KELLOGG introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 3042) for continuing the improvements at
New Haven harbor, Housatonic river, and the
Connecticut river, near Saybrook, Connecti-
cut ; which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee on Commerce, and
ordered to be printed.
norwalk harbor.
Mr. KELLOGG also introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 3043) for continuing the improvements
at Norwalk harbor, in the State of Connecti-
cut : which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee on Commerce, and
ordered to be printed.
bridgeport harbor.
Mr. KELLOGG also introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 3044) for continning the improvements
at Bridgeport harbor, State of Connecticut;
which was read a first and second time, re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce, and
ordered to be printed.
duties on imports.
Mr. E. H. ROBERTS introduced a bill
(H. R. No. 3045) to amend an act entitled
"An act to regulate the collection of duties on
imports and tonnages," approved March 8,
1709, and for other purposes; which was read
a first and second time, referred to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, and ordered to be
printed.
young's cayalrt staf*.
Mr. E. H. ROBERTS also introduced a
bill (H. R. No. 3046) to eonfirm the use of
certain military equipments by Young's cav-
alry staff; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
repeal of bankrupt law.
Mr. DUELL introduced a bill (H. R. No.
3047) to repeal an act entitled "An act estab-
lishing a uniform system of bankruptcy through-
out the United States," Approved March 2,
1867 ; which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary,
and ordered to be printed.
alvin jones.
Mr. DUELL also introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 3048) granting a pension to Alvin Jones,
a soldier of the war of 1812; which was read a
first and second time, referred to the Commit-
tee on Revolutionary Pensions and War of
1812, and ordered to be printed.
reduction of duties.
Mr. DUELL also introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 3049) to amend an act entitled "An act
to reduce duties on imports, and to reduce in-
ternal taxes, and for other purposes," approved
June 0, 1872; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee of
Ways and Means, and ordered to be printed.
national banks.
Mr. MERRIAM inttoduced a bill (EL R.
No. 3050) to authorize the organization of
national banks without circulation ; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee on Banking and Currency, and
ordered to be printed.
repeal of usury law.
Mr. MERRIAM also introduced a bill (II.
R. No. 3051) to repeal the usury section of
the national currency act; which was read a
first and second time, referred to the Com-
mittee on Banking and Currency, aud ordered
to be printed.
jamks river and ohio canal.
Mr. NEGLEY introduced a bill (H. R. No.
S052) to complete a water highway from tide-
water on the James river to the Ohio river at
the mouth of the Kanawha; which was read
a first and second time, referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce, and ordered to be
printed.
post office department.
Mr. TOWNSEND, of Pennsylvania, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 3053) to amend an
act entitled "An act to revise, consolidate,
and amend the statutes relating to the Post
Office Department," approved June 8, 1872;
which was read a first and second time, re-
ferred to. the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads, and ordered to be printed.
statistics of trade.
Mr. KELLEY introduced a joint resolution
(H. R. No. 164) providing for the collection
of the statistics oi trade between the several
States and Territories of the United States ;
which was read a first and second time, re-
ferred to the Committee of Ways and Means,
and ordered to be printed.
mary l. reich.
Mr. STORM introduced a bill £H. R. No.
3054) for the relief of Mary L. Reich; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
j the Committee of Claims, and ordered to be
I printed.
uniform system of bankruptcy.
Mr. SHOEMAKER introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 3055) supplemental to act entitled
"An act to establish a uniform system of
bankruptcy throughout the United States,"
approved March 2, 1867; which was read a
first and second time, referred to the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. CRITCHER introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 3056) to repeal an act to amend an act
entitled "An act to establish a uniform system
of bankruptcy throughout the United States,"
and for other purposes; which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
spirits manufactured from fruit.
Mr. DUKE introduced a bill (H. R. No.
3057) to repeal all taxes upon spirits manu-
factured exclusively from fruit; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee of Ways and Means, and ordered
to be printed.
indian citizenship.
Mr. WADDELL introduced a bill (H. R,
No. 3058) to enable Indians to become citizens
of the United States; which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
removal of disabilities.
Mr. YOUNG introduced a bill (H. R. No.
8059) to relieve citizens of the United States
from all disabilities imposed by the foqrteenth
amendment of the Constitution of the United
States; which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary,
and ordered to be printed.
national school of mines in georgia.
Mr. PRICE introduced a bill (H. R. No.
3060) to establish a national school of mines
in the North Georgia Agricultural College at
Dahlonega, Georgia, to provide for the selec-
tion of a faculty for the same, and appropri-
ate money for the support and maintenance
thereof; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on Mines
and Mining, and ordered to be printed.
catholic chukcii at dalton, georgia.
Mr. YOUNG introduced a bill (H. R. No.
3061) for the relief of the members of the.
Catholic church at Dalton, Georgia; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee of Claims, and ordered to be
printed.
siiip-canal in louisiana.
Mr. SYPHER introduced a bill (H. R. No.
3062) to provide for the construction of a ship-
caual near Fort St. Philip, in the State of
J Louisiana ; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on Com-
merce, and ordered to be printed.
law business of executive department.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. At the request
and suggestion of the Committee on Appro-
priations, I introduce focreference to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, a bill to facilitate the
conducting of law business arising in the ex-
ecutive department.
The bill (H. R. No. 3063) was received and
read a first and second time.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. At the suggestion
of the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Bctler,] 1 will allow the bill to go to the
Committee on Revision of the Laws of the
United States.
The bill was referred to the Committee on
Revision of the Laws of the United States, and
ordered to be printed.
communication among the states.
Mr. SHELLABARGER introduced a bill
(H. R. No. 3064) to amend an act entitled
"An act to facilitate commercial, postal, and
military communication among the several
States," approved June 15, 1866; which was
! read a first and secoud time, referred to the
Committee on Commerce, and ordered to be
printed.
wool-growers of united states.
Mr. MORGAN introduced a bill (H. R. No.
3065) to secure justice to the wool-growers of
the United States ; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee of
Ways and Means, and ordered to be printed.
united states courts in toledo.
Mr. PECK introduced a bill (H. It. No.
3066) to amend "An act entitled an act to pro-
vide for the holding of the United States dis-
trict courts in the city of Toledo," approved
May 23, 1872; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
james ross.
Mr. PECK also introduced a bill (II. R.
No. 3067) granting a pension to James Ross :
which was read a first and second time, referred
to the Committee on Revolutionary Pensions
and War of 1812, and ordered to be printed.
william e. ciiilds.
Mr. FOSTER, of Ohio, introduced a bill
(H. R. No. 3068) for the relief of William E.
Childs; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
oaths of office, etc.
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky, introduced a bill
(H. R. No. 3069) to repeal an act entitled
"An act to prescribe an oath of office, and
for other purposes," approved July 2, 1862,
and to repeal all acts and parts of acts which
require from lonafidt. preemptors or settlers
under the homestead laws or persons claiming
repayment on canceled entries of public lunds
any other oath than that provided in the Con-
stitution of the United States; which was read
a first and second time, referred to the Com-
