mm
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 3,
orable Senator to speak positively, at least
his statement upon this point was somewhat
obscured by such remarks as these : " Con-
traction is the most direct road to resump-
tion." Again: "If the paper money in cir-
culation is in excess of the Wants of the
country, it (contraction) is the only road to
resumption." If he had said, if the paper
money of the country is in excess of the amount
that can be maintained upon a specie basis,
then contraction is the only road to resump-
tion, I should have quite agreed with him.
That is the fact. If the chairman of the Com-
.raittee on Finance is correct that we can
resume and maintain specie payments upon
the present volume of currency in the country,
then there is no difficulty in entering upon the
■work to-morrow, it need not be postponed
until next January; we do not need this bill
to that end. But the chairman is mistaken.
Mr. SCHURZ obtained the floor.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Will my friend from Mis-
souri allow me to ask unanimous consent for
an object to which I think everybody will
agree ?
Mr. SCHURZ. Certainly.
amendment of bankrupt law.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It is very rarely, indeed,
that I ask the unanimous consent of this body
for anything; but I do so now in behalf of the
sufferers by the fire in Boston, under whose
policies about $8,000,000 are ready for distri-
bution in the State courts; but a difficulty of
jurisdiction having arisen, some proceedings
in bankruptcy having been begun after the
State courts had taken steps to make this
division upon the policies, the State courts
are embarrassed about paying out this money
to the policy-holders, livery one understands
that this eight millions would really pay in a
week or two twenty or thirty millions of debts
in going around, and relieve the city from
its distress. The House has passed a bill
much broader than the Committee on the
Judiciary are willing to pass to meet the occa-
sion; but wo have agreed upon an amendment
to the House bill which simply provides that
where an occurrence of this kind has taken
place and the State court has iirst obtained
jurisdiction, until the disputed jurisdiction is
settled the State court may make an order for
distribution equally among creditors of assets
that may be obtained, and that that distribution
ehall stand as valid. That is the whole effect.
I therefore ask unanimous consent to take up
the House bill on the subject, when I will offer
an amendment which the committee have
agreed upon.
Mr. COLE. Unless it is impossible that
the matter should be laid over until to-mor-
row, I must object.
Mr. WILSON. It will not take time.
Mr. COLE. If it is necessary to have it
passed at once, I shall not object; but I do
not see any necessity for taking it out of its
order.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The necessity is what I
have stated. Here are several thousand peo-
ple who have been burned out. This bill stands
really the third ou the Calendar, which we
ought to have reached this morning. This
money is waiting. They cannot pay their
debts, and, as 1 say, it really represents the
payment of twenty or thirty millions, and
therefore I hope there will be no objection.
The PRESIDING- OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Vermont asks the unanimous con-
sent of the Senate to proceed to the consider-
ation of a bill reported by him from the
Committee on the Judiciary.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (H. R. No. 3486) to amend an
act entitled "An act to establish a uniform
system of bankruptcy throughout the United
States," approved March 2, 1807.
The Committee on the Judiciary reported
the bill with an amendment, to strike out all
after the enacting clause, and to insert in lieu
thereof the following:
That whenever a corporation created by the
laws of any State, whose business is carried on
wholly within the Stato creating the same, and also
any insurance company so created, whether all its
business shall be carried on in such State or not,
has had proceedings duly commenced against sueh
corporation or company before the courts of such
State for the purpose of winding up tho affairs of
such corporation or company and dividing its assets
ratably among its creditors and lawfully among
those entitled thereto prior to proceedings having
been commenced against sueh corporation or com-
pany under the bankrupt laws of the United States,
any order made by such court agreeably to the State
law and executed accordingly for the ratable dis-
tribution or payment of any dividend of assets to
the creditors of such corporation or company while
such State court shall remain in possession or con-
trol of the assets of such corporation or company,
shall be deemed valid, notwithstanding proceedings
m bankruptcy may have been commenced and be
pending against sueh corporation or company.
Mr. B A.YARD. I would ask the chairman
of the committee whether this measure has
the unanimous approval of his committee?
Mr. EDMUNDS. It has the unanimous
approval of all the gentlemen who were pres-
ent on the occasion of its consideration, and
of one other gentleman to whom I have shown
it since. I will state to my friend from Dela-
ware that it only provides that pending this
conflict of jurisdiction in these extraordinary
cases that have arisen, and only for those, the
order of the State court to pay out this money
to the very persons who under the bankrupt
law would be entitled to it shall be taken as a
valid order, notwithstanding that the bank-
ruptcy jurisdiction may ultimately obtain.
Mr. BAYARD. I should always have great
hesitancy in opposing my individual opinion
on a subject I had not fully examined against
that of a committee composed as the Judiciary
Committee of this body is. The question which
I had in my mind, and which I presume they
have fully considered, was whether the State
laws gave the same safeguards and security to
the many that the United States bankrupt act
did. As the Senator from Vermont is aware,
the general bankrupt law of the United States
gave more guards and better secuiity for the
benefit of the distributees than most of our
State laws do. I do not, however, desire, in
a matter of this kind, which I understand is
entirely a practical question and arising under
the exigencies of the hour, to interpose any
objection.
Mr. THURMaN. The Senator will observe
that this bill relates to proceedings that have
commenced before the passage of the bill. Its
scope, therefore, will be comparatively lim-
ited. Probably in practice it will reach no
other cases than those to which the Senator
from Vermont has referred, and in respect to
that we are assured by those who know best
the operation of the law that no system could
be much more perfect than the Massachusetts
law in regard to the winding up and distribu-
tion of the assets of insurance companies.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is^ on the amendment reported by the
Committee on the Judiciary.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendment was concurred in.
It was ordered that the amendment be en-
grossed, and the bill read a third time.
The bill was read the third time, and passed.
tiie coiuu5ncy specie payments.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (S. No.
1313) supplementary to an act entitled "An
act to provide a national currency secured by
a pledge of United States bonds, and to pro-
vide for the circulation and redemption there-
of," approved June 3, 1864, and to secure an
elastic currency, to appreciate national obliga-
tions, and to reach specie payments without
commercial embarrassment; the pending ques-
tion being on the amendment of Mr. Thobmast
to the amendment of the Committee ou Finance.
Mr. SCHURZ. This discussion being some-
what desultory, I may, without any impropri-
ety, interrupt it by putting a question to the
Senator from Ohio upon a point which I con-
sider vital. There is a provision in this bill in
the following words:
And the Secretary of the Treasury may reissue
the United States notes so received, or, if they are
canceled, may issue United States notes to the same
amount, either to purchase or redeem 'he public
debt, or to meet the current payments for the pub-
lic service.
This provision, as far as I can see, is with-
out limitation. Now, at the present moment,
there is a certain amount- of greenbacks flow-
ing into the Treasury of the United States,
arising from taxation and so on, and almost
the same amount is going out again in the pay-
ment of the public expenses. This bill, how-
ever, will enable any person, whenever he
sees fit, to go to the Treasury and convert the
greenbacks he has into United States interest-
bearing securities. At periods when capital
is plenty, when money is easy, it may be pre-
sumed that the quantity of greenbacks flowing
into the Treasury of the United States for the
purpose of conversion will be large ; the accu-
mulation will be heavy.
Now let us imagine that fifty or sixty mil-
lions have thus gone into the Treasury and are
in the hands of the Secretary of the Treasury,
will not this provision enable the Secretary at
any moment, as he may see fit, to dash those
fifty or sixty millions into the market for the
purpose of paying off that amount of United
States bonds? In other words, whenever a
little stringency in the money market occurs,
may he not flood the money market with the
accumulation of greenbacks he has in his
hands—an accumulation going far beyond the
ordinary amount now in the hands of the
Secretary of the Treasury—and thus control
the money market of the United States with
almost irresistible power? That is the ques-
tion which I desire the chairman to answer.
Mr. SHERMAN. I understand the question
of the honorable Senator, and I will answer
it in this way: the Secretary of the Treasury
may now do just precisely what the Senator
says he may do under this bill, and this bill
is precisely like the present law, in the same
words. Under the present law money is flow-
ing into the Treasury daily at the rate of
half a million dollars iu currency and per-
haps a quarter of a million in gold, the whole
revenue being about three quarters of a million
a day. _ The Secretary of the Treasury may,
if he will, hold the currency now and accumu-
late it. He may hold the gold and accumu-
late it. He may sell the gold and accumulate
the currency. He may in that way destroy
the business interests of the country, and this
bill will not change it in the slightest degree.
Indeed all our laws relating to the Treasury
depend upon the fidelity and integrity of the
Secretary of the Treasury. If it is to be
presumed that he will do anything harsh or
improper to promote his own interests or
political interests or any other, then as a mat-
ter of course, necessarily, he has the power
to do it.
Mr. BAYARD. May I ask the honorable
Senator from Ohio, in the face of such an ad-
mission as that to the Senate, whether we can
be too quick in placing the Secretary of the
Ireasury under the limitations of law, for I
think it is a terrible power that the Secretary
of the Treasury shall have the welfare and the
business of the country subject to his displeas-
ure and subject to his caprice. If he has the
power to make or break the business interests
of this country, then I would say to the people
of this country the sooner they put limitations
upon him the better it will be for their safetv
and his own.
Mr. SHERMAN. Now, Mr. President,
the benator from Delaware seems to imply
that there is some way of limiting these powers
So tar as they can be limited I am in favor of
it. Jf my honorable friend will sit down and
prescribe limits I shall be very glad to join
