1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1049
him. I am in favor of limiting the powers
of the Secretary of the Treasury if it is in the
nature of things possible to do it They are
limited to a certain extent by this bill, as well
as by any other law ; but what limits will you
provide? Will you say that he shall have in
reserve in the Treasury $10,000,000, no more
and no less; $20,000,000, no more and no
less; $30,000,000, no more and no less ? Mr.
McCulloch, when Secretary of the Treasury,
used to maintain a currency balance of some-
thing like $30,000,000. People complained
about it bitterly, attacked him for it, because
he deemed it necessary to carry on the opera-
tions of the Government. The present Secre-
tary of the Treasury has never maintained a
reserve of over six or seven millions. In my
judgment he has held too small a reserve to
conduct the business of the Department. lam
quite sure if I had been placed in his position
1 should have held a larger reserve in the
Treasury to meet the necessary wants of the
Government than he has done.
Mr. FENTON. You speak of paper now.
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes, sir, of paper. Mr.
Boutwell, during his whole administration,
has held the smallest reserve, in proportion to
the amount of his expenditures, ever held by
any Secretary of the Treasury, I believe, since
the foundation of the Government. That may
appear strange to Senators, and yet it is true.
If you will look at the tables you will find that
lie has a currency reserve very small indeed.
Mr. BAYARD. We neverhad any Federal
currency until 1861.
Mr. SHERMAN. We had gold. It oper-
ated in the same way.
Mr. FENTON. When you include gold,
the present Secretary of the Treasury holds
as large a reserve as any other Secretary ever
did.
Mr. SHERMAN. But that was held for
other reasons. Secretary Chase always made
it a rule, if I understood him correctly, to hold
two months' revenue in reserve ; that is, he
would always keep in a reserve equal to about
two months' revenue ; and during the war that
was an enormous sum, which was always kept
in reserve. Secretary McCulloch was in favor
of maintaining large reserves. I believe he
kept in hand at one time thirty or forty mil-
lion dollars, besides the gold reserve. The
present Secretary of the Treasury has always
maintained the smallest possible reserve in
currency, and maintained the reserves mainly
in gold coin. If the Senator from Delaware
or the Senator from Missouri will sit down and
write out precisely what shall be the maximum
of legal tenders to be held by the Secretary in
reserve, and what shall be the minimum, and
can convince the Senate that we should adopt
a rigid rule fixing the maximum or minimum
of reserve that may be maintained in the Treas-
ury, then I shall be willing to accept their prop-
osition.
Mr. BAYARD rose.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will hear the Senator.
Mr. BAYARD. I merely rose to express
my gratification and extreme surprise, not to
say astonishment, that any proposition I might
make touching the question of the national
finances should meet with such a c&vtc~blct7ichc
as the honorable Senator has given me. It
so happens that during the period of my ser-
vice here no single idea, weak or strong, that I
may have had touching the credit or touching
the finances of the country has madethe
least impression either upon the Committee
on Finance or this body that I am aware
of; so that I now find myself in quite an embar-
rassment of wealth.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have so much confi-
dence, by experience, because my honorable
friend is a member of the Committee on ri-
nance, in his practical judgment, that I know
when he is put to the task of prescribing the
rules which should govern the Secretary of
the Treasury in all cases as to the amount of
money he should keep on hand, he will find it
utterly impracticable, and will agree as the
whole business world has done that it is utterly
impracticable. Since the foundation of the
Government to this hour there never has been
a law which prescribed precisely how ranch
money the Secretary of the Treasury should
keep on hand, and the limit, either a max-
imum or minimum. In the nature of things it
cannot be done.
There was one other observation made by
the Senator from Missouri which struck me,
and that was that large sums of greenbacks
would float in for these bonds. That is
scarcely to be anticipated. I do not believe
that any considerable amount will, because a
privilege that a man always has he never exer-
cises. That is the basis of banking. When
we have gold payments, no gold is demanded.
Mr. SCHURZ. If the Senator will permit
me, when a person has the inducement of.get-
ting interest-bearing bonds for greenbacks that
bear no interest, he might exercise it; other-
wise, he would not perhaps.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is true. If the cur-
rency tends to sink, he may convert it into
bonds, but the operation of the conversion, a
right which he has at all times, will always
maintain the value of this currency up to the
par of bonds. Therewill be nodoubt about that
proposition, I think my honorable friend will
agree. Water will always rise to its level. The
currency can never fall below the value in the
market of the bond, because as the currency
may at all times be converted into the bond,
the currency can never fall below the value
of the bond. Therefore, the value of the
bond, which is a gold bond, bearing interest
at the rate of five per cent, fixes the value
of the legal tender, below which it cannot go.
We know that now the value of this gold
bond is par in gold by the judgment of all
the most eminent bankers of the world.
While we are talking about this thing here,
by the judgment of all the most eminent
bankers speaking our language in the world,
they have undertaken to sell the very bond
that we here propose as the foundation of spe-
cie payments at par in gold in the money mar-
kets of the world. They have undertaken the
sale of three hundred millions of them.
Therefore, if these notes can be converted, on
demand, into this kind of bonds, the notes
never can fall below the value of these bonds.
If these bonds should rise above par in gold,
as I believe they will—I concur in the judg-
ment of these bankers that the five per cent,
bonds of the United States will rise above par
in gold and give to the persons who buy them
now a reasonable compensation—if they rise
above par in gold, and a note-holder presents
himself to the Treasury of the United States
for one of the bonds, will he get it? Not at
all; he will get his coin.
If, however, from a stress of circumstances,
from such a condition of affairs as often arises
in the history of every country with large finan-
cial interests, the market value of the bond
should fall below par in gold and the Gov-
ernment of the United States has not sufficient
gold revenue or gold reserves to maintain
specie payments, theu we have the provision,
a mere alternative provision, that the note
may be redeemed in the bond. It is scarce-
ly to be expected that this operation will
amount to much. I doubt very much whether
$10,000,000 will be converted in this way into
these bonds; but suppose they are. Take the
case put by my honorable friend from Mis-
souri; suppose $50,000,000 are converted,
what will the Secretary of the Treasury do ?
If he is a corrupt man, a bad man, a willful
man, if we can suppose such a thing as that
of the Secretary of the Treasury, whatever
| may be the condition of the Treasury, he may
do great barm.
Mr. SCHURZ. If it is not taxing the cour-
tesy of the Senator too much 
Mr. SHERMAN. I would rather answer
that question in regard to the fifty millions
first and then giVe way. Suppose fifty millions
should come in; would any Secretary of the
Treasury be foolish enough or hardy enough to
keep the money in the Treasury until it accu-
mulates to fifty millions when he has ample
uses and purposes for which it could be used
according to law? It is not to be presumed;
Any Secretary who would dare do such a thing
as that would be condemned by the public sen-
timent of his own country and of the whole
world, and might be subject to impeachment,
especially if there was any ground to suspect bis
motives. The law provides what he must do in
such a case. He must buy or pay off the six
per cent, bonds of the United States; and if
this bill had been in force, as it ought to have
been, a year ago, we should have had no occa-
sion now to employ a syndicate to sell our bonds.
The very provisions of this bill would provide
for the payment of the six per cent, bonds as
they mature. The money that came into the
Treasury would have been used to pay off and
extinguish the six per cent, bonds, of which
there are now some thousand million dollars
and more. All these six per cent, bonds are
payable, and we have a right to pay them now.
We are proposing to pay three hundred millions
of them by the sale of the five per cent, bonds.
Suppose this section were now in force and
these bonds were at par in gold, we could use
the gold that comes into the Treasury to re-
deem and pay off the six per cent, bonds at
the rate of two, three, or five millions a
month; and the currency that may flow iuto
the Treasury of the United States for the five
per cent, bonds might at once be used for the
payment of the six per cent, bonds.
I will state one other fact, and then I shall
be through. Under the present condition of
our finances we have more gold revenue than
currency revenue ; that is, our currency rev-
enue is not sufficient to pay our currency pay-
ments. Our ordinary expenditures amount to
more than the amount of our currency revenue,
and therefore we are required occasionally to
sell gold, in order to get money enough to
pay the ordinary expenses of the Government
to the amount of, say, fifty millions. Now,
suppose this currency should flow into the
Treasury of the United States through the
operations of this bill; the gold, of which we
have a surplus—some fifty millions and more;
if our present imports are maintained we shall
have a surplus of more than fifty millions of
gold—could be used to an equal amount in the
payment of the six per cent, bonds of the
United States, and thus maintain the public
credit, and gradually reduce the interest on the
public debt. That would be the effect of the
operation.
Now, I will hear the Senator from Missouri.
Mr. SCHURZ. The Senator says that this
bill does not confer any power upon the Sec-
retary of the Treasury which the Secretary
does not virtually possess now. But I submit
to him that if this bill becomes a law the
Secretary will be at liberty to exercise that
power under changed circumstances. At the
present moment, as the Senator admits, the
accumulation of greenbacks in the Treasury
of the United States is very small, for he him-
self said—I took down his words—that " the
currency revenue does not come up to our
current expenditures ;" which shows that in-
stead of having greenbacks in the Treasury of
the United States to spare, we are practically
in want of greenbacks sometimes to defray the
current public expenditures.
He says also that this bill will not so oper-
ate as to accumulate greenbacks to a very
large extent in the Treasury. But he must not
forget that here a very powerful inducement is
offered to make them accumulate. Suppose
he or 1 had large sums of money during one of
those dead seasons when money is very abun-
dant and capital seeks employment and cannot
readily find it, we might go to the Treasury ot
the Uuited States, deposit our greenbacks
I there, and get interest-bearing bonds in return,
