2010
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
MarcJi 1,
jackson grdbb.
Mr. BURCHARD also, by unanimous con-
Bent, reported from the Committee of Ways
and Means a bill (H. R. No. 4065) for the re-
lief of Jackson Grubb; which was read a first
and second time.
It authorizes and directs the Secretary of the
Treasury to cause to be examined the internal
rr-sirae taxes assessed under the act of July
2C, 1868, upon Jackson Grubb, of Athens,
Tennessee, for the amount of brandy distilled
from fruit during the year 1868, after the pass-
age of that act, according to the rates' of
charges prescribed by the regulations of the
internal revenue commissioner, made October
12, 1866, and to refund any moneys that may
have been paid by Grubb in excess of such
charges.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
Mr. BURCHARD moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider bejaid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
e. berry, j, m'fall, and w. ii. judd
Mr. POSTER, of Ohio, by unanimous con-
sent, reported back from the Committee of
Claims a bill (S. No. 1109) for the relief of
Edward Berry, John McFall, and William If.
Judd.
The bill was read. It authorizes the Com-
mittee of Internal Revenue to refund to Ed-
ward Berry, John McFall, and William H.
Judd, citizens of St. Louis, Missouri, the sums
paid by them as internal revenue tax ou the
sales of tobacco made by them as State tobacco
inspectors at the State tobacco warehouse in
St. Louis, Missouri, provided that the tax shall
not exceed in the aggregate the sum of $22,180,
and a sum sufficient for this purpose is appro-
priated.
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. Is this bill re-
ported from a committee?
Mr. FOSTER, of Ohio. It is reported from
the Committee of Claims. These men who were
appointed by the Governor of Missouri, Under
the laws of the State, were prohibited from
making any private sale of tobacco, but were
allowed to dispose of it by public outcry. The
tobacco was cried off, and on the sales thus
made by the commission merchant tax was
charged.
There being no objection, the bill was or-
dered to a third reading, read a third time,
and passed.
Mr. FOSTER, of Ohio, moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed, and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
sams of coal lands.
Mr. STEVENSON, from the Committee on
the Public Lands, by unanimous consent,
reported back a bill, (S. No. 682) to provide
for the sale of the lands of the United States
containing coal, with a substitute.
The substitute, which was read, in the first
section provides that any person above the age
of twenty-one jears, who is a citizen of the
United States, or who has declared his inten-
tion to become such, or any association of
persons severally qualified as above, shall,
upon application to the register of the proper
land office, have the right to enter, by legal
subdivisions, any quantity of vacant coal lands
of the United States not otherwise appropri-
ated or reserved by competent authority, not
exceeding one hundred and sixty acres to such
individual person, or three hundred and twenty
acres to such association, upon payment to the
receiver of not less than ten dollars per acre
for such lands, where the same shall be situ-
ated more than fifteen miles from any com-
pleted railroad, and not less than twenty dol-
lars per acre for such lands as shall be within
fifteen miles of such road.
The second section provides that any person
or association of persons severally qualified as
above, who have opened and improved, or
shall hereafter open and improve, any coal
mine or mines upon the public lands, and shall
J>e in actual possession of the same, shall be
entitled to a preference to right of entry, under
the foregoing provisions, of the mines so opened
and improved; provided that when any asso-
ciation of not less than four persons, severally
qualified as in section one of this act, shall
have expended not less than $5,000 in work-
ing and improving any such mine or mines,
such association may enter not exceeding six
hundred and forty acres, including such mining
improvements.
'lhe thud section provides that all claims
under section two of this act must be presented
to the register of the proper land-district
within sixty days after the date of actual pos-
session and the commencement of improve-
ments ou the lands, by the filing of a declara-
tory statement therefor; provided that when
the township plat is not on file at the date of
such improvement, filing must be made within
sixty days from the receipt of such plat at the
district office j that where the improvements
shall have been made prior to the expiration
of three months from the passage of this act,
sixty days from the expiration of said three
months shall be allowed for the filing of a
declaratory statement, and no sale under the
provisions of this act shall be allowed until the
expiration of six months from the date hereof.
The fourth section provides that this act
shall be held to authorize only one entry by
the same person or association or persons
under its provisions ; and no association of
persons any member of which shall have taken
the benefit of this act, either as an individual or
as amemberof any otherassociation, shall enter
or hold any other lands under the provisions
of this act; and no member of any associa-
tion which shall have taken the benefit of this
act shall enter or hold any other lands under
its provisions j and all persons claiming under
section two hereof shall be required to prove
their respective rights and pay for the lands
filed upon within one year from the time pre-
scribed for filing their respective claims ; and
upon failure to file the proper notice, or to pay
for the land within tbe required period, the
same shall be subject to entry by any other
qualified applicant.
The fifth section provides that in case of
conflicting claims upon lands where the im-
provements shall be hereafter commenced,
priority of possession and improvement, fol-
lowed by proper filing and continued good
faith, shall determine the preference right to
purchase; and also where improvements have
already been made at the passage of this act,
division of the land claimed made by legal
subdivision, to include, as near as may be, the
valuable improvements of the respective par-
ties; and the Commissioner of the General
Land Office shall be authorized to issue all
needful rules and regulations for carrying into
effect the provisions of this act, provided that
this act shall not apply to the Territory of
Alaska ; that nothing in this act shall be con-
strued to authorize the taking of any lands
granted to any railroad company.
The sixth section provides that nothing in
this act shall be construed to destroy or im-
pair any rights which may have attached prior
to its passage, or to authorize the sale of lands
valuable for mines of gold, silver, or copper.
Mr. STEVENSON. This bill has been
twice carefully considered by the Committee
on the Public Lands, and this substitute has
been recommended for the Senate bill. It is
very important, and ought to be acted on at
once.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill as amended was ordered to be read
a third time; and it was accordingly read the
third time, and passed.
Mr. STEVENSON moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
george e. wilson.
The SPEAKER announced the following as
the managers of the committee pf, conference
on tbe part of the House on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on a bill (S. No., 1108)
for the relief of George R. Wilson: Mr.
Archer, of Maryland, Mr. Starkweather, of
Connecticut, ana Mr. Coghlan, of California.
central indian superintendence. ,
The SPEAKER announced the following as
the managers of tbe conference on the;part of
the House on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses_ on a bill (S. No. 1391)'to repeal an
act entitled "An act for the-relief of certain
Indians in the central superintendency,"
approved June 10, 1872: Mr. Shanks of
Indiana, Mr. Burdett of Missouri, and Mr.
Boles of Arkansas.
river and harbor bill.
The SPEAKER announced the following
as the managers of the conference on the part
of the House on the disagreeing votes of the
two Houses on the river and harbor appro-
priation bill: Mr. Sawyer of Wisconsin, Mr.
Lynch of Maine, and Mr. Sheldon of Louis-
iana.
public building at reading.
Mr. GETZ, from the Committee on Public
Buildings and Grounds, reported back a bill
(H. R. No. 3264) relative to a site for public
buildings in the city of Reading, Pennsylvania,
with the recommendation that it do pass.
The bill, which was read, provides that the
Secretary of the Treasury be, and he is here-
by, authorized to make inquiry, and report to
Congress, as to the terms upon' which a suita-
ble site can be purchased for the erection of a
post office and other necessary public build-
ings for the use of the United States iin the
city of Reading, Pennsylvania.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. GETZ moved to reconsider the "vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
relief of owners ok confiscated property.
Mr. KERR, from the Committee of Ways
and Means, reported a bill (H. R<. No. 4066)
for the relief of owners of land sold for direct
taxes ; which was read a first and seeondtime.
The bill, which was read, provides that in all
cases where any land has been heretofore sold
for taxes under the provisions of the act
entitled "An act for the collection of direct
taxes in the insurrectionary districts, within
the United States, and for other purposes,"
approved June 7, 1862, and all acts amenda-
tory thereof, and the proceeds of such sale
have been paid into the Treasury, or to any
person legally authorized to receive the same
for the United States, it shall be the duty of
the Secretary of the Treasury of the United
States, and he is hereby directed, out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated hy law, to pay to the owner of liny land
so sold, or to his heirs, assigns, or personal
representatives, the proceeds of such sale, after
deducting therefrom the amount of all taxes
and penalties charged against any such lands,
together with the cost of advertising and sale
of said lands, and all proper charges against
the same and interest on said taxes from the-
date of assessment, at the rate of ten per cent,
per annum, and interest on said cost and
charges at the same rate from the time they
accrued and were payable, said interest in
every case to be estimated and collected onlj
