1050
TBI CONGRESSIONAL GLOB!.
February 3,
for the purpose of earning at le&st five per cent,
temporarily, being sure that at any given
moment we could convert our. bonds again
into.greenbacks; might not that be done?
Mr; SHERMAN. I will answer the Sena-
tor now if he wishes me to do so. In easy
money-market times, when currency is lying
idle; it would flow readily into the Treasury;
but the five per cent, bonds would be worth
above par in gold, and, as a matter of course,
the person who presented a greenback to
the Treasury in such easy times would get
his gold,, and that would be the end of it. The
very condition of circumstances that my
honorable friend describes is a condition that
will necessarily enable us to easily maintain
coin payments. It would only be in hard
times, when there was a scarcity of currency,
that we could not do it.
Mr. SCHURZ. Suppose our gold reserve
under such circumstances is not very large;
it may be exhausted; and the Government
may be obliged to draw upon these bonds and
convert them to receive the greenbacks of-
fered, may it not? And thus great amounts
of greenbacks may be accumulated; and even
if the greenbacks be converted into gold and
the person presenting them to the Treasury
takes gold away with him, there will neverthe-
less be that accumulation of greenbacks in the
Treasury.
The Secretary of the Treasury under this
bill does not stand before the business world
as he does to-day with no accumulation of
greenbacks in his hands, with comparatively
small reserve, but he stands there virtually
charged with the duty of returning to tbebusi'
ness community that accumulation of green-
backs which may have flown into the Treasury
of the United States. He is therefore to a
certain extent ealled upon t,o exercise au in-
fluence upon tho fluctuations of the money
market, is be not? Certainly he is. The Sen-
ator from Ohio says he must reissue the United
States notes so received as they come in ; this,
however, is not exactly the case, because as
the bill now stands it reads " or, if they are
canceled, may (not must) issue United States
notes to the same amount, either to purchase
or redeem the public debt or to meet the cur-
rent payments for the public service."
He may hold on to the greenbacks or he
may not, according to this bill, as ho chooses.
I do not reason upon the supposition that the
Secretary of the Treasury may be a great
rascal, may maliciously try to control the
money market or the business community of
the country for his own or his friends' bene-
fit and advantage; but let us suppose—a thing
which happens now and then—he simply
makes a blunder, will it be denied that in
that way he can and may very materially injure,
according to the power given him in this bill,
the financial interests of the country by arbi-
trary contraction or expansion ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I differ with
the chairman of the Committee on Finance
with some diffidence. But the questions pro-
posed by the Senator from Missouri and the
Senator irom Delaware are important ones,
and therefore they should be carefully con-
sidered. My own judgment is that the bill
will not increase the power of the Secretary
of the Treasury at all; that the power over
the money market will be held by the capital-
ists of the country, and not by the Secretary of
the Treasury; for whenever a tight money
market_ occurs, a stringency, so that more
money is wanted, of course men holding the
bonds of the United States will go to the
'Treasury and demand greenbacks for them.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. Will they, under
this bill, as it now is?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I think so.
Then, in the other case, when there is an
abundance, a plethora of currency, they will
go and take bonds; and when that abundance
exists it is no harm to tbe public that a certain
t.o-ti/'n nr tKp sb.!!1! be with'^'1^l,n.
cause the very moment that it is wanted it
will be-called out again; and in this action,
this ebb and flow, the Secretary of the Treas-
ury has practically nothing whatever to do. It
will depend entirely upon the wants of the
financial community. Idonot conceive, there-
fore, that this bill is to throw any more power
into the hands of the Secretary of the- Treas-
ury; but I think more will be retained by the
holders of capital and currency in the country.
Mr. THURMAN. I wish to ask a question
of my friend from. Vermont, who is much
better informed on these subjects than I am,
for my own information. I ask him how the
currency is to be withdrawn from the Treasury
and then flow into the Treasury, as he says, by
an ebb and flow, according to the demand in
the country for currency, under the provisions
of this bill? If the bill provided that green-
backs might be convertible into bonds, and the
bonds reconvertible into greenbacks, then I
could understand how there might be a self-
adjusting machine that would furnish currency
when it was needed, because the people hold-
ing the bonds would demand greenbacks for
them; and when there was too much currency,
in order to get interest, they would convert the
greenbacks into bonds. But how can there be,
that ebb and flow of which the Senator speaks,
according to the demands of the business of
the country under this bill ? This bill provides
only for paying out the greenbacks, either in
tbe purchase of the national debt, or to defray
the ordinary expenses of the Government.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. It will be
seen by a portion of this bill that we may pay
them out for the purchase or redemption of
the public debt, or to meet the current pay-
ments of the public servicc. Our public debt,
other than United States notes, is all in bonds.
Mr. HOWB. Mr. President, I wish I could
comprehend this feature of the bill. As I
understand a previous clause, whoever shall
go t.o the Secretary of tho Treasury with a
hundred millions of greenbacks compels the
Secretary to issue five per cent, bonds for those
hundred millions. That is so, is it not?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Yes.
Mr. HOWE. Then the effect of that simple
operation will be to increase the public debt a
hundred millions, will it not, if the transaction
stops there?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. No, there
will be a redemption of a non-interest paying
debt and the paying out of an interest-bearing
debt.
Mr. HOWE. But would the non-interest
debt be redeemed? Would it not bean out-
standing obligation of the Government still,
although it was in the vaults of the Treasury?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Practically
it would not.
Mr. HOWE. Does not the Secretary to-day,
and every time he makes a report upon the debt,
include in it every dollar of greenbacks extant,
whether they are in the Treasury or not?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. In the state-
ment of the public debt every month the
amount of greenbacks and coin held on hand
is deducted from the aggregate amount, show-
ing the net amount of the indebtedness.
Mr. HOWE. The greenbacks are first
treated as debt and next as resources 
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Certainly.
Mr. HOWE. Resources out of which
the debt is to be paid, so that it does consti-
tute a part of the public debt, although the
resources of the Treasury are swelled by the
amount of greenbacks paid in. The Treasury
has more resources, but the Government is
more in debt. That will be the state of the
case, will it not? [After a pause.] The Sen-
ator does not quite respond, but I guess that
is so.
Then I will come to the other question, to
which I guess he will respond, and that is:
suppose some man is deficient a hundred mil-
lions in currency—which is the case of several
I that J know, [laughter]—how is he going to
get the hundred millions ? By the exchange
of his bonds? 'Will the Secretary be author-
ized, under this bill, if it is passed, to pay out
a hundred millions-at par for any hundred
millions of five per cent, bonds that may be
offered, or must he advertise foe the purchase
of the bonds?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I think this
bill authorizes him to purchase the bonds that
are outstanding.
Mr. HOWE. I understand it authorizes
him to purchase the bonds, because it says so;
but I want to know the mode by which the
purchase is to be effected. Is he to exchange
dollar for dollar, the greenback for the bond,
or must he go into the market and advertise
the sale of his greenbacks for bonds as he-sells
his gold now for greenbacks?
Mr. FENTON. There is no provision ex-
plaining that.
Mr. HOWE. I understand, as my honor-
able . friend from New York suggests, that
there is no provision which explains that; but
I supposed the Committee on Finance could
explain it.
I assume, Mr. President, 1 must say, in
reading this section, that the Secretary would
have authority, under the first clause of the
bill, to issue five per cent, bonds just as fast
as people would bring him the greenbacks;
and I did understand that under the clause
upon which I am now commenting, whenever
the people wanted the greenbacks' again and
brought in the bonds, he would pour out the
greenbacks. My friend from Missouri [Mr.
Schotiz] sustains that interpretation of the
bill. If it be that, then this feature of the bill
seems to me to amount to this; that the Gov-
ernment opens its Treasury and says, " Here ;
we will take all tbe money that you cannot use
better and pay you five per cent, upon it."
Now, the banks are sometimes willing to pay
an interest of five per cent, upon their de-
posits, but they do it because they can use tbe
money right over again and make more than
five per cent, upon it; but how is your Treas-
ury going to make more than five per cent,
upon these deposits? I do not understand that.
Mr. SHERMAN. On which deposits?
Mr. HOWE. On these deposits that come
in in exchange for the five per cent, bonds.
Mr. SHERMAN. As long as we have a
thousand million of six per cent, bonds now
due, I do not think there will be any trouble
as to the application of all the money that
conies into the Treasury.
Mr. HOWB. I have been trying to ascertain
from the Senator from Vermont [Mr. Mor-
rill] just how he is going to apply these
greenbacks to the purchase of bonds. How is
the Secretary going to purchase six per cent,
bonds ? Can he come to you with the green-
backs, and make you surrender a hundred
million of six per cent, bonds, and take a
hundred million of greenbacks ?
Mr. SHERMAN. How is it done now ?
Mr. HOWE. I understand it is done now
by an advertisement offering to purchase, and
receiving bids. That is the way I understand
it is done. I tried to ascertain from the Sen-
ator from Vermont whether we should be
obliged to pursue that process under this bill.
I understood the Senator rather to assent that
the Secretary would not, but that to any man
who brought him five per cent, bonds he would
be obliged to exchange greenbacks for them
at par, par for par.
Mr. SHERMAN. Greenbacks or gold ?
Mr. HOWE. I take it, it would be green-
backs and not gold, unless we are to have a
new dispensation.
Mr. SHERMAN. He would present green-
backs, and as a matter of course, would be paid
either in bonds or gold; and if we maintained
specie payments, we would pay in coin.
Mr. HOWE. He would pay either bonds
or gold; I understand that from the bill. But
I say again, that I apprehend he would pay
bonds and not gold, for I do not understand
