1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB®.
1051
bow the Secretary is ever going to appreciate
gold or advance greenbacks under tbis bill.
That is the point I cannot understand. This
one feature of the bill struck me as rather
dangerous.
The Senator from Ohio [Mr. Sherman] the
other day made a speech, to which I listened
with a great deal of pleasure and profit.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. It was a good one.
Mr. HOWE. I concur entirely with the re-
mark just submitted by my friend from Con-
necticut, that it was a very good speech ; and
I did myself the honor to say so to the hon-
orable Senator who made it, at the time. I
thought there was more financial gospel in that
speech than in any speech I had listened to in
the Senate since I have had the honor of a
seat here. I confess that I cannot harmonize
the provisions of this bill with the speech.
Either I do not understand, the bill, or I did
not understand the speech, or they do notagree
very well together. If I should sit down to
the table of my friend, and he should ask me
to unite with him in asking a blessing upon
the feast being prepared, and then a sawdust-
pudding should be spread before me, I should
naturally feel somewhat disappointed, [laugh-
ter] ; and after listening to that speech, I feel
somewhat disappointed in looking at this bill.
I thought the honorable Senator was teaching
us this short, simple, concise gospel, that you
should allow the holders of this dishonored
paper—for that is what the greenback is in my
judgment, and I think that is what he distinctly
taught—to bring it to the Treasury, and enable
the Secretary of the Treasury to say, " I have
not got the coin which we intended to pay you,
and mean to pay you, but we will do the next
best thing; we will issue our obligations prom-
ising to pay you the eoin some time, and we
will pay you interest on these obligations."
ilr. SHERMAN. That is precisely this bill.
Mr. HOWE. That was the first proposition
I understood the Senator from Ohio to sub-
mit. Then I understood him to say, in order
to guard against a diminution of the circula-
tion, the capitalists who were making these
conversions of greenbacks into bonds might,
without restriction iu amount, come forward,
as the business of the country demanded,
deposit their bonds in the Treasury, and take
out a circulation of their own for the com-
mercial wants of the country.
Mr. SHERMAN. By free banking.
Mr. HOWE. By free banking.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Will the Senator per-
mit me to ask him a question ?
Mr. HOWE. Certainly.
Mr. SAULSBURY. If the greenbacks
should be withdrawn or exchanged for bonds
in this way, what amount would probably be
added to our indebtedness as compared with
the present amount paid for the interest upon
our debt? I have not looked into the subject,
and have not the data before me to form an
opinion upon it. If the Secretary receives the
greenbacks in exchange for bonds bearing
five per cent, interest, of course the interest
of the debt must be to some extent increased;
the amount paid out for interest will be
increased. I should like to know what the
Senator thinks the amount of that increase
would be.
Mr. HOWE. The Senator froi$ Delaware
will see in a moment that I cannot make apre-
diction on that point. I think I might say
that it would depend entirely upou our appro-
priations; because when, in addition to all
the collections you get from customs and in-
ternal revenue into the Treasury, the Secretary
gets a hundred or two hundred millions more
by the conversion of five per cent, bonds,
he has in the Treasury so much more means
applicable to your appropriations ; and if. the
Legislature should get in a profligate frame of
mind some day, and make pretty liberal appro-
priations, the debt would be increased just to
that amount.
I have stated what I understood to be the
•doctrine inculcated by the Senator from Ohio
the Other day, and he assents to my under-
standing of it. . Now, I do think the first sec-
tion of this bill is not at all in harmony tfith
that doctrine. This does not authorize a dol-
lar of your dishonored paper to be redeemed.
Am I mistaken about ihat ? It simply enjoins
the Secretary of the Treasury to borrow it,
and to pay five per cent, on it, and to hold it,
for he cannot do anything else with it until
the holders of the five per cent, bonds come
and want it back again.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. May I ask
the Senator from Wisconsin a question ?
Mr. HOWE. Certainly; but I do not think
it is quite fair for the Finance Committee to
catechise me.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I think the
Senator is abundantly able to answer ques-
tions, for he has shown so much expertness
in asking them that I have entire confidence
in his ability to answer.
Mr. HOWE. The Senator knows there is
a great difference between asking a question
and answering it. [Laughter.]
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The Senator
I know is a sound hard-pan redemptionist,
and on that I agree with him. Now, is he
willing that the Government should force upon
the people a larger amount of currency than
can be kept at par? Suppose it be true that
this is merely borrowing the money and pay-
ing interest upon it, when the people do not
want it for a currency, is there anything wrong
in the Government redeeming a portion of the
currency that serves only the purpose of inflat-
ing what we have and reducing its value be-
low par ? Does the Senator, with his notions
of what is our duty to redeem and cancel the
whole of our outstanding greenbacks, object
that we shall-even temporarily redeem any
portion of them and pay interest on them ?
Should we not pay interest on the whole, if
we redeemed them and canceled them ? Of
course we should. Now, my question is, sup-
posing this bill to be precisely what the Sen-
ator believes it to be, and that it is for the
time being merely redeeming that portion of
the currency which is not wanted, and practi-
cally borrowing it, if you please to call it so,
of the people, and paying interest on it, is
there anything wrong in that ?
Mr. HOWE. Well, Mr. President, perhaps
there is not anything morally wrong in it. I
do not know that the Government would de-
serve to be sent to any penitentiary if it should
do such a thing; but I beg to say to my friend,
it is hard on the people of the United States,
who stand at the bottom of all this thing, to
do anything of the sort.
Mr. President, starting from the proposition
urged by the Senator from Ohio the other day,
and in which I understood the Senator from
Vermont to concur, that the greenbacks are
the evidences of the nation's dishonor, I will
submit to whatever penalty be necessary, any
fair penalty, to get them out of the way. I
think they can be Tetired honestly and with-
out injury to the public interest in just one
way, and that is to allow them to be funded
at the pleasure of the holder, their place being
taken by the circulation of banks based upon
the bonds into which the greenbacks may be
converted. So you will keep your circulation
good, and by and by the Government will get
out of the banking business. But now the
proposition is to divide still the business of
banking with capital, giving to capital all the
profits, and the Government doing one half of
the business without any profit, and sustaining
all the burdens. The Government sustains
all the burdens, because it has to furnish the
redeeming medium for all' the bank circula-
tion, the banks-themselves assuming no obli-
gation whatever.
Mr. SHERMAN. If my friend will allow
me, I will say that the banks are put in the
same condition. They have got to redeem
their notes either in coin or in legal-tender
nptes. In case they do not, their bonds, not
the Government bonds, are used to redeem
them.
Mr. HOWE. I understand all that, but
still I say the banks assume no obligation
whatever. It is an obligation just as onerous
as it would be forme to exchange one dollar
for another or one chip for another. The re-
deeming medium being more abundant than
the paper to be redeemed, what is the use of
saying to the bank, " You most exchange
your dollar for a kind of dollar much more
numerous than yours, not any more valuable
than yours?" That is no obligation what-
ever.
I have always thought, Mr, President—I
have waited for years in the hope that I would
hear the chairman of the Committee on Fi-
nance say—one of two things, either that the
Government must get out of the banking busi-
ness or that the banks must. I would rather
that the Government should get out, I con-
fess. I am so far a hard-pan money man, as
the Senator -from Vermont has said. My
judgment is, if it is proper for anybody to do
a banking business, that is, to furnish a cir-
culation, to have a bankof issue, as we call it,
it is not at all fitting for a pauper to carry on
that business or for a bankrupt to carry on
that business ; and that is what the Govern-
ment is to-day and has been all the time it has
been engaged in banking, a bankrupt, be-
cause its debts are such as it cannot meet.
If anybody should issue such paper it should
be capital; but my judgment is that nobody
should issue paper in times of peace to circu-
late as money except upon one condition, and
that is, ample security should be given that
at all times they will exchange for that paper
that which is money, or that which comes the
nearest to it in the judgment of the world of
anything that we have. Since 1862 we have
had no money in this country—we have had a
new commodity for sale.
You never can have real, true money till
you get something which all the world recog-
nize as such. I suppose it would take some
international negotiations to effect that. - Coin
comes next to that, and the nearest to that
of anything that a Government can provide.
I think nobody in times of peace should be
allowed to circulate anything that is not con-
vertible into coin on demand, and good secur-
ity given for it. That is my judgment upon
that point.
Mr. President, I did not rise to debate this
bill. I rose for the purpose of ascertaining as
well as I could from those who reported the
bill how far I understood the first section, be-
cause it is the only one that has interested me
very much. After all the light they have
thrown upon it in reply to ray inquiries I sit
down as I began, with the conclusion that my
own interpretation - of it is the correct one,
and, if it be the correct one, I certainly cannot
give it my assent.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. Mr. President, I
certainly agree with my friend from Wisconsin
in his views of the speech which the honorable
Senator from Ohio [Mr. Sherman] made a few
days since on this subject. I have always
thought that honorable Senator a shrewd par-
liamentarian, and I thought he was wise in
letting his speech precede the bill. I have
not listened to a speech on this subjectwith more
interest than I aid to his. He proposed to
reach specie resumption, and I am in favor of
it. But when be presents his bill he is no
nearer to it than he was before he made his
speech. He puts me in mind of a man who
was authorized by an association to take up a
collection for a benevolent object, and he went
around among his friends and made a state-
ment of the object which he was aiming at and
endeavored to impress upon them its import-
ance, and then he came back to make his
