88
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 9,
lives in some instances. The question is whether
we shall regard this as an implied obligation
on the part of the Government to make some
compensation. I think, according to my re-
collection, there are instances quite analagous
of parties who rescued American seamen and
saved American property upon the high seas,
which come within the general principle which
underlies the bill as I understand it.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Let me
say to my friend from Tennessee the preamble
to the bill expressly recites the facts so this
may never be brought into precedent except
where it is a precedent. If you will allow the
bill to be read again you will see the facts are
fully stated.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection
the bill will be again read for the information
of the House.
Mr. MAYNARD. The objection is not
that the facts are not stated in the preamble,
but we should have something to justify us to
our constituents upon which the facts stated ,
in the preamble are based. J
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. There is i
a statement of the postmaster at Boston which
was read at the Clerk's desk, as well as the
statement of every man here from that city
who knows the facts precisely as they are :
stated in the preamble.
Mr. MAYNARD. That is what I wish your
colleague to do, state the facts in the presence
of the House.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will read the
preamble to the bill.
The bill and preamble were again read.
Mr. KERR. Mr. Speaker, it appears to
me this bill, if enacted in its present form
without more consideration, may establish a
most dangerous precedent. I have never
known, iu all my service in this House, a
proposition to come before the House which
appears in itself so harmless and clever,
but which in fact is so full of danger. I can-
not imagine any aspect of this subject in which
the proposition contained in this bill is de-
fensible on safe principle, or can be approved
without the utmost danger to the Treasury.
It is alleged here—we have no report, we have
no proof, we have no investigation by any
committee; but it is alleged here by gentle-
men on their own responsibility that certain
Government property was saved by these fire-
men. That is certainly an extremely praise-
worthy, manly, and noble act, if it is true.
But suppose that Government property had
not been saved by the sacrifice of these same
brave and noble firemen, and that the same
misfortunes in the attempt to save Govern-
ment property had overtaken them, would
they not then be entitled to reward, as it is
proposed to reward them by this bill ?
Shall success ia such daring and perilous
efforts be the only test of reward? Shall we
reward no soldiers except those who win
victories? If we do, there are gentlemen in
this House who would not receive very gen-
erous compensation from their country. If
we compensate those who ventured and suf-
fered in this case because they directly saved
or helped to save some Government property,
shall we deny reward or recognition to those
in the same city and in the same frightful dis-
aster, who periled their lives and limbs, or
met death or bodily injury, in order to stay the
progress of the names toward that public
property? Their services are, upon every
principle of justice, as meritorious as those of
the brave men who were nearer to the public
property. This bill seems to me to be without
safe principle to support it. Great Govern-
ments must act upon well-defined rules of
conduct in matters of this kind. Otherwise
the Treasury may be swamped, and infinite
injury come to the public service.
Would it do for us to say that it is a part of
the duty of the Government to go to the relief
of all private citizens whenever they do any
voluntary service, in the ordinary course of the
vicissitudes of human life and society, to save
public property? If you attempt to establish
such a precedent, and succeed, you will effect-
ively invite numberless claimants for the
bounty or rewards of the Government for sim-
ilar services. If you reward such efforts to
save public property, how can you deny it for
equal efforts to save private property ? Is not
. the Government also interested to rescue from
destruction the property of all its citizens?
Was not the public property in Boston under
the protection of her people and authorities ?
Does Boston ask us to establish such a danger-
ous precedent in order to relieve herself or her
people of their duty? I hope not. Her gen-
erous appreciation of duty I know will forbid
such an appeal. It is the duty of citizens
to protect the property of the Government as
well as the property of their neighbors, and
of private citizens. Establish a precedent
like this, that you will reward those citizens
and those firemen only who endeavor to save
the property of the Government, and when a
great disaster like this overtakes a community
the efforts of the firemen will be directed to
saving alone the property of the Government,
for in that they will see reward, they will see
money, they will gee pension, they will see
bounties from the Government. No Govern-
ment can afford to pay in dollars and cents
i all its citizens for personal performance of
obvious duties under circumstances of pub-
lio and common disaster like this great fire.
The duties of citizens in society look to
mutual protection, to mutual and reciprocal
efforts, and not one of these noble firemen
did more than it was his manifest duty to
do. He was a citizen of Boston. He was
; struggling to save the spread of the flames
for the benefit of all, and to save the property
of all—his own as his neighbor's. He did it
voluntarily and because it was his local and
personal duty. The firemen in Chicago did
the same. The firemen throughout the coun-
try, in all these terrible disasters, are alike
brave and self-sacrificing. They constantly
render like noble and effective service. They
have hitherto done it without Federal reward
or hope of reward. These things are of fre-
quent and almost daily occurrence in one or
another section of our country.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. If the
gentleman will allow me, I desire to say that
this bill only proposes to reward the families
of those who were killed or seriously disabled.
Mr. KERR. Well, that is only a short
distance from a proposition to compensate all
the firemen. It may be that some of these
firemen were killed in their efforts to save
this public property. It may be that they
were silled or that they died in consequence
of efforts made to save other property belong-
ing to private citizens. We have no proof
that these lives were sacrificed in the efforts
to save this public property. We have no
proof that these losses of limbs and injuries
to the person that are to be compensated for
by this bill alone resulted from efforts to save
public property. But if they did, still we
cannot accept that as a ground of reward
without the utmost danger. It will not do to
open a door through which may enter such
indiscriminate and innumerable claims.
You cannot limit them. You cannot say
that this case is exceptional, that it is so ex-
traordinary that no other case like it ever has
arisen or can arise. These dangers are con-
stantly overtaking society all through our
country, and public property, wherever private
property is endangered, is liable to be de-
stroyed. I say it will not do to open the door
so wide as this. There is no telling where it
will extend, or when or how it will ever be lim-
ited if the precedent is once established.
I think, Mr. Speaker, that this bill ought to
be referred to an appropriate committee, and
I think that that committee is the Committee
of Ways and Means, to make a full and most
careful examination, and report to this House.
Mr. COX. I differ with the gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Kerr] in reference to the
meritoriousness of this bill. He says there is
no adequate consideration (I think that is the
gist of the argument) for this appropriation.
If the gentleman were consistent he would
bring in a bill to repeal all the pension laws ,-
he would bring in a bill to repeal all the prize
laws, and he would not allow the present
practice of the Government to go on by which
people are paid salvage for the saving of our
public vessels. I recollect, sir, a case occur-
ring just after the war of a colored man from
the Barbadoes, who, with his crew, got some
$30,000 for saving one of our gunboats, under
a general statute and a commission raised
at the Navy Department. There was no con-
tract, but there was service done. There was,
if not a contract, an implied consideration, a
quid pro quo. And no man here, in case this
service had been done by firemen at the risk
and loss of their lives upon this Capitol, or
upon the Treasury Department, or upon our
public buildings anywhere, no man in this
case, I say, would have been reluctant to vote
something for the families of those who had
risked their lives or lost their lives in saviug
public property.
So far as I am concerned I have no difficulty
about ascertaining the facts in this case. The
postmaster at Boston himself writes the letter
which has just been read from the Clerk's
■ desk. It is in the nature of an official com-
munication, and we all know from the public
prints the heroic character of the services
of the firemen; and we know that these
$13,000,000 were saved to the Government
| by the servicesof these firemen, some of whom
j perished in the attempt to save that property.
! I am not in favor of extending so much the
: power of this Government as some gentlemen,
and had I chosen I might have made a point
on my friend from Indiana [Mr. Kerb] when
he voted to give a rebate on the building
material at Boston and Chicago. Had he
opposed that he would have been more con-
sistent than he is in opposing this more mer-
itorious case.
Mr. KERR. Did the gentleman not vote for
that the other day?
Mr. COX. I did. I voted for it with a sort
of mental protest, however, after hearing my
friend from Indiana say that it was all right. I
generally follow him. He has generally good
judgnrent and wiss discretion, and limits
himself to what is within the power and the
province of the Government. But when I
saw him open so wide a door in a matter con-
nected with the tariff, about which he is so
sensitive, I thought he would have no difficulty
i in creeping through this little crevice.
| But, Mr. Speaker, the gentleman does not
I make the point which, if any, should have been
| made on this subject some years ago, that we
have no business at all with these gratuities.
If the point is to be made here ii should be made
on the pension system, the salvage system, the
prize system. A prize means something
taken, a vessel taken, or property secured to
the Government out of which a portion shall
be given to the taker.
Now, here were $13,000,000 worth of prop-
erty saved to the Government, and the men
who saved it are gone; their families remain ;
the fund for their relief is gone; the people
of Boston have so suffered that they cannot
do full justice or mercy to these persons, and
all that is proposed is that we shall step out in
a kindly spirit and say, " In consideration of
our property being saved we will be just to you
as well as generous."
Mr. BINGHAM. I think, Mr. Speaker,
that the House has been under a misappre-
hension in regard to the provisions of this bill.
It has been said more than once in the hurry
of this discussion that it is to relieve those that
are disabled. Whatever may be in the pre-
amble of the bill has nothing to do with the
body of the bill itself. It is restricted by ex-
