1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2013
(at ten o'clock and fifty-eight minutes a. m.,
Monday, March 3,) adjourned until Monday
morning at eleven o'clock a. m.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. COX: The petition of merchants of
New York city, for the removal of taxes on
State and national banking institutions.
By Mr. MAYNARD: The memorial of Wil-
liam 0. White, of Knoxville, Tennessee, guard-
ian of the minor heirs of Horace A. Cham-
bers, deceased, late a private of company B
fourth regiment Tennessee cavalry, praying
that the name of Horace A. Chambers be
entered on the roll of company E fourth Ten-
nessee cavalry, in order that the heirs may
obtain a pension already applied for, and also
the arrears of pay and bounty due the deceased.
Also, the petition of citizens of the State of
Tennessee, praying Congress to pass the bill
known as Charles Sumner's bill, supplement-
ary to the civil rights bill.
By Mr. POLAND: The petition of Hamden
Cutts and Mary Cutts, for allowance of French
spoliation claims.
IN SENATE.
Saturday, March 1, 1873.
The Senate met at eleven o'clock a. m.
Prayer by Rev. Robert H. Hatfield, of
Cincinnati, Ohio.
On motion of Mr. RAMSEY, and by unani-
mous consent, the reading of the Journal of
yesterday was dispensed with.
credentials.
Mr. OSBORN presented the credentials of
Hon. Simon B. Conover, chosen by the Legis-
lature of Florida, a Senator from that State
for the term beginning March 4, 1873 ; which
■were read, and ordered to be filed.
Mr. MACHEN presented the credentials
of Hon. Thomas C. MeCreery, chosen by the
Legislature of Kentucky a Senator from that
State for the term beginning March 4, 1873;
which were read,'and ordered to be filed.
Mr. CORBETT presented the credentials
of Hon. John H. Mitchell, chosen by the Legis-
lature of Oregon, a Senator from that State for
the term beginning March 4, 1873 ; which were
read, and ordered to be filed.
Mr. RANSOM presented the credentials of
Hon. Augustus S. Merrimon, chosen by the
Legislature of North Carolina, a Senator from
that State for the term beginning March 4,
1873; which were read, and ordered to be
filed.
house bill referred.
The bill (H. R. No. 4055) granting an an-
nuity t,o Mary Swift, daughter ot Thomas Trux-
ton, deceased, late commodore in the United
States Navy, was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
executive communications.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate a letter of the Secretary of the Interior,
communicating a report of the surveyor gen-
eral of New Mexico on the grant to Pedro Mar-
tin, beingprivatelandclaim No. 73; which was
referred to the Committee on Private Land
Claims, and ordered to be printed.
He also laid before the Senate a letter of
the Attorney General, communicating, in com-
pliance with a resolution of the Senate of the
24th of February last, information in relation
to the cases authorized to be brought or which
are pending in the Court of Claims to settle
the title to the lands in the Hot Springs reser-
vation in Arkansas, which was ordered to lie
on the table, and be printed.
He also laid before the Senate a letter of
the Seereiary of War, communicating^!! com-
pliancy with a Senate resolution of February
20, 1873, the report of the chief of engineers
upon the channel between Staten Island and
New Jersey; which was referred to the
Committee on Commerce, and ordered to be
printed.
He also laid before the Senate a letter of
the Secretary of the Treasury, communicating
a letter of the Third Auditor of the Treasury
in reply to certain statements made in two
reports by Thomas H. Bradley to the Sec-
retary of War, and transmitted to the Senate
January 8, 1873 ; which was ordered to lie on
the table.
petitions and memorials.
The VICE PRESIDENT presented a reso-
lution of the Legislature of Kansas in favor
of legislation to secure relief to settlers upon
the Osage ceded lands ; which was referred to
the Committee on Indian Affairs, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. COLE presented a memorial of citizens
of the United States in favor of amendments
to the Constitution of the United States to
prevent the secession of States from the
Union and to define the relations of civil and
ecclesiastical authority; in favor of an amend-
ment to the naturalization laws to require
renunciation of civil and political allegiance
to other Powers, and of the publication -for
use in schools of the Constitution with an
exposition of principles of civil government,
and in favor of a law for compulsory educa-
tion ; which was referred to the Committee on
the judiciary.
Mr. NYE presented a memorial of the Legis-
lature of Nevada, in relation to saline, borax,
and soda lands in that State ; which was or-
dered to lie on the table, and be printed.
He also presented a resolution of the Legis-
lature of Nevada, in favor of the establishment
of a postal telegraph system; which was ordered
to lie on the table, aud be printed.
He also presented a memorial of the Legis-
lature of Nev.ida in relation to public lauds in
that State; which was ordered to lie on the
table, and be printed.
He also presented a memorial of the Legis-
lature of Nevada, in favor of an appropriation
to extend the public surveys in that State ;
which was ordered to lie on the table, and be
printed.
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire to present a
paper in the nature of a memorial, which is
sent to me as chairman of the Committee on
Finance, which I deem it my official duty to
present. It is a special finding of the grand
jury of the circuit court of the United States
for the southern district of New York. The
special finding sets out alleged neglects of
duty by the late Comptroller of the Currency,
Mr. Hurlburd, and also memorializes in favor
of certain amendments to the banking act. It
is not addressed to the Senate formally, but is
addressed to me as chairman of the Commit-
tee ot^ Finance, and I deem it my duty to pre-
sent it for what it is worth. I do not know
what disposition ought to be made of it. It is
not an indictment, but the finding of the grand
jury in the nature of a memorial. As it is
addressed to me officially, I deem it my duty
to present it to the Senate for any reference
they may choose to make of it. Probably the
proper reference would be to the Committee
ou Finance.
Mr. FENTON. I suggest that it lie on the
table a short time. I should be glad to have
an opportunity to examine it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Ax-
thoky in the chair.) The paper will lie on
the table, if there be no objection.
Mr. FENTON subsequently said: I move
that the special finding, in the nature of a
memorial, of the grand jury of the southern
district of' New York, relative to the officers
of the Walkill National Bank and the Comp-
troller of the Currency, be referred to the
Committee on Finance.
The motion was agreed t,o,
Mr. WILSON presented a report of the
National Academy of Science, prepared and
communicated to the Senate in obedience to
law; which was ordered to lie on the table, and
be printed.
reports of committees.
Mr. MACHEN, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred the bill (II. R.
No. 4003) for the relief of Anthony Lawson
and Thomas A. Brewis, reported it without
amendment, and submitted a report thereon,
which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. WEST, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, to whom was referred the bill (H.
R. No. 3499) to authorize the Secretary of
War to ascertain the amount of expense in-
curred by the territorial authorities of Dakota
for arms, equipments, military stores, sup-
plies, and all other expenses of the volunteer
forces of the Indian war of 1862, reported it
without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 1293) to provide
for the construction of a wagon-road from
North Platte, Nebraska, to the White river,
reported it with an amendment.
Mr. BOREMAN, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred the bill (H. R.
No. 2912) for the relief of Peter J. Burchell,
reported it without amendment.
Mr. VICKERS, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred the petition of
Joseph H. Maddox, asked to be discharged
from its further consideration and that the
petitioner have leave to withdraw his petition
and papers; which was agreed to.
Mr. HITCHCOCK, from the Committee on
the District of Columbia, to whom was referred
the bill (S. No. 1531) to establish the Corcoran
Park and Zoological Garden, near the Capitol,
in the District of Columbia, and to incorpor-
ate a society to maintain the same and a com-
pany to construct a street railroad thereto,
reported it with amendments.
Mr. KELLY, from the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads, to whom was referred
the bill (H. R. No. 1704) for the benefit of
Charles Cosby, late postmaster at Uptonville,
Hardin county, Kentucky, reported adversely
thereon, and the bill was indefinitely post-
poned.
Mr. CONKLINGr, from the Committee on
the Revision of the Laws of the United States,
to whom were referred the following bills,
asked to be discharged from their further
consideration, and moved their indefinite post-
ponement ; which was agreed to.
A bill (S. No. 1336) to provide for the ap-
pointment of a commission on the subject of
restrictive and prohibitory legislation for the
suppression of intemperance ; and
A bill (H. R. No. 3610) to authorize the
payment of the census-takers of 1860.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
were referred sundry petitions and memorials,
not heretofore reported upon, asked to be dis-
charged from their further consideration; which
was agreed to.
post route bill.
Mr. RAMSEY. The Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads, to whom were referred
the amendments of the House of Representa-
tives to the amendments of the Senate to the
bill (H. R. No. 3274) to establish certain post
roads, have instructed me to recommend a
concurrence in the House amendments with
further amendments of the Senate, which 1
hope will now be considered, as the bill re-
quires for its enrollment a good deal of time.
There is no legislation in the bill whatever,
but simply the enumeration of post routes.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is usual to
dispense with the reading of this bill unless
some Senator desires that the names of these
places be read.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. I under-
stand there is no legislation of wiy kind what-
ever in tho bill.
