90
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 9.
of that property, will it not recognize those
ordinary social obligations which, addressed
to the private conscience and private sense of
propriety, are always responded to under like
circumstances? Now, does any man on this
floor douht that if he were the owner of such
an amount of property saved from fire under
such circumstances, whether directly by the
exertions of the tire department or not, he
would contribute $20,000 iu the manner here
proposed? Now, is the United States Gov-
ernment, which avoids all contributions as a
public obligation, willing to refrain from con-
tributing to recognize the social obligation
winch every other property-owner recognizes?
It there is no precedent, I think there should be
a precedent; aud the precedent should be this:
that the United States shall never refuse to do
what it would be mean and base for a private
citizen to refuse to do under like circumstances.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Hoar] has stated
three facts on which he maintains this bill
ought to be passed : first, that it is well known
that the United States had its property imper-
iled, and, second, that these persons risked
their lives, and many of them gave them, for
the salvation of that property.
Mr. HOAR. I said nothing of that kind.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Will the gen-
tleman state what he did say?
Mr. HOAR. I said that there was a fire ;
that the United States had a large property
exposed to the fire; and that firemen lost their
lives in staying the fire.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I am obliged to i
the gentleman for his statement. I wished to
quote him accurately. Let me now state three
things that happened in the recent history of
this country. The United States had a war
greater than all fires we have ever known ;
they had their own existence at stake and that j
of the Union; and it is well known that
three hundred and eighty thousand men gave
their lives to put out this fire and save the
country.
Now, it happens as the result of that that we
recognize the sacred duty to do something for i
the support of the widows who are left by |
those persons who lost their lives. What do
we do? We refer in every case to a commit-
tee. We have the question fairly and calmly
considered. We lay down most carefully de-
vised laws regulating the evidence to be sub-
mitted ; the evidence of death, the evidence
ot being regularly in the service—all these
proofs must be brought forward in the most
careful manner possible. Who shall say we :
shall put our hands into the Treasury of the ,
United States and throw out $38,000,000 a
year, generally, on the general issue that it
was well known there was a war, that men
died in defending their country in that war,
and therefore we ought not to question the
facts ?
Mr. HOAR. One word, if the gentleman
will allow me to ask him a question.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Certainly.
Mr. HOAR. Did you do it in the case of
General Robert Anderson ?
M r. G AKFiELD, of Ohio. The records in
reference to the case of General Robert An- I
derson were on file in the Departments of the
Government. His military history was known
for twenty-five years. Every fact was under-
stood about him. Every man, woman, and
child in the country knew his history, and the
Government officially knew it by heart. We
had the whole record. We did not need inves-
tigation. It was known officially, known as a
matter of United States official knowledge.
Here comes before us—what ? Not a petition
to Congress, not a representation from the city
of Boston, not a representation from the
authorities of Boston, but a private letter ad-
dressed to a member of this House, an elo-
quent and touching letter, simply stating what
the writer understood the situation to be; and
on the-fact of one private letter, never ad-
dressed to this House, never referred to a com-
mittee, never examined, it is proposed to giv®
$20,000 out of the Treasury into the city ot
Boston. , , c , i
Now, Mr. Speaker, and gentlemen ot the ;
House, let these men who suffered by fire, and ;
their widows, stand in the category of the
soldiers of the Union, if you please, and let
their cases be referred and considered. Let
the report be made and the money paid. Pay
$20 000, if you please, or $.30,000, or j>100,000,
if need be, but let us pay it on a system, on a
plan, under some regular form of administra-
tion of the law. That is all I ask, and it is
for that reason I urge these gentlemen to let
this proposition be referred to any committee
they choose, so that it may take the regular
forms of legislation.
Mr. DICKEY. Mr. Speaker, I demand the
regular order of business.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of
business is the motion to suspend the rules,
aud this discussion has proceeded by unani-
mous consent.
The question was taken ; and the rules were
not suspended.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massuchuaetts. 1 move
that it be referred.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. With
leave to the committee to report at any time.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I make
that modification of my motion.
The SPEAKER. That requires unanimous
consent.
Mr. KERR. I object.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I move
to suspend the rules.
Mr. G ARFIELD, of Ohio. I hope the gen- ;
tleroan from Indiana will not object. |
Mr. KERR. I withdraw my objection. i
The SPEAKER. The bill wilt be referred
under those conditions to the Committee on
Appropriations, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. HALDEMAN. I object, if it requires
unanimous consent.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. Ihen,
Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules for
the purpose of introducing a bill (H. R.No.
3119) to contribute to the fund in aid of the
families of the firemen who lost their lives in
saving the property of the United States at
the fire in Boston, Massachusetts, on the 10th ;
of November, 1872 ; and I further move that
it be referred to the Committee on Appropri-
ations, with leave to report at any time, and
that it be ordered to be printed. _
The motion was agreed to; and it was
ordered accordingly.
pacific railroad.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, by unani-
mous consent, introduced a bill (fi. R. No.
3120) to amend the fifth section of an act of
May 8, 1872, making appropriations, &c. ;
which was read a first and second time, re-
ferred to the Committee on the Pacific Rail-
road, and ordered to be printed.
amendment of bankrupt law.
Mr. PORTER, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. R. No. 3121) to amend an
act entitled "An act to establish a uniform
system of bankruptcy throughout the United
States, and for other purposes;" which was
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee on Revision of the Laws of the
United States, and ordered to be printed.
comparative tonnage of united states.
Mr. KELLEY, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution ; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That tho Secretary of the Treasury be,
and he is hereby, directed to cause the preparation
and transmission to this House of a statement ol tno
tonnage of the United States employed in the home
trade, showing the number and tonnage of vessels
employed on the lakes, on rivers, on canals, and on
the coast, distinguishing between tho number and
tonnage of steain and of sailing vessels ; also the
number and tonnage of iron and of wooden vessels.
life-saving stations.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio, by unanimous
consent, reported from the Committee on Ap-
propriations a bill (H. R. No. 3122) to author-
ize the employment of keepers and crews of
surfinen for life-saving stations on the coasts of
Cape Cod and Block Island, and for other pur-
poses ; which was read a first and second time.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I ask that the
bill be now put upon its passage.
The bill was read. It authorizes the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to appoint a keeper for
each of the ten life-saving stations on the
coasts of Cape Cod, Massachusetts, and Block
Island, Rhode Island, whose compensation
shall be at the rate of $200 per annum, and
to employ crews of experienced surfmen at
said station s for such periods as he may deem
necessary and proper, and at such compensa-
tion as he may deem reasonable, not to exceed
forty dollars per month for each person to be
employed.
The second section places the life-saving
stations at Narragansett pier and Block Island,
Rhode Island, under the supervision of the
superintendent of life-saving stations on the
coast of Long Island.
The third section appropriates the sum of
$2,000 out of any moneys in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated to carry out the pro-
visions of this act during the current fiscal year.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. If gentlemen
will listen to me for an instant, I will explain
the reasons for this bill. On the 10th of June
last an act of Congress was approved appro-
priating $60,000 to establish additional lite-
saving stations on the coast of Cape Cod and
opposite Long Island. It was not supposed
then that these stations would be built before
the end of this fiscal year, so that there would
be any need to appropriate money for putting
men and crews there to take care of wrecked
vessels. But the work was done so much more
expeditiously than we had expected that the
Secretary of the Treasury informs us that
before the end of this month nine stations
will be finished and ready for occupation ; and
as the storms of winter will doubtless bring
wrecks on that coast very soon, he asks us to
pass this appropriation that he may at once
man the stations and have the crews in order,
that they may be ready for work at once. I
will append to my remarks the letter of the
Secretary of the Treasury.
The letter of the Secretary is as follows :
Treasury Dkjartmknt,
Washihgtos, D. C. December 7,1872.
Sir : In the act making appropriations for the
sundry civil expenses of the Government for tho
fiscal year ending June 30, 1873, approved June 10,
1872, the sum of $50,000 is appropriated for the es-
tablishment of lite-saving stations on tho coasts of
Cape Cod, and of Block Island, Khode Island, to be
expended in accordance with oertain provisions
ther ein expressed. (See Act 37, Statutes-at-Large,
page 347.)
Under the provisions of said act, ninenew station-
houses have been erected on the coast of Cape Cod,
and one on Block Island, and during the present
month will be ready for the reception of the appa-
ratus for saving life and property from shipwrecked
vessels intended to be put in theru.
The interests of commerce and hamanity demand
that the stations should be put in condition for use
at the earliest practicable moment, which cannot
be properly done without the employment of keepers
and crews.
Under existing law th« life-saving station at Block
Island, Khode Island, is attached to the Cape Cod
superintendency, while the one at Narragansett
Pier is attached to none.
The former is so remote from Cape Cod as to ren-
der it impossible for the superintendent of that
coast to properly care for it. It is desirable that
both these stations be attached to the superintend-
ency for the Long Island coast.
I therefore inolose the draft of a bill granting the
necessary authority, the passage of which at the
earliest moment is desirable.
I am, very respectfully,
GEORGE S. BOUTWELL,
Secratary.
Hon. James A. Garfield, Chairman Committee on
Appropriations, House of liepresentatives, Wash-
ington, it. C.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. If no gentle-
man desires to make any inquiry, I will move
the previous question.
