2014
THE COtfGKlSSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Minnesota so states.
Mr. KELLY. There are some verbal cor-
rections in some of the post routes in Oregon
which I wish to submit.
Mr. COLE. And I wish to make a correc-
tion in a name also.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Senators desir-
ing to make verbal corrections can send them
up to the desk and they will be made. The
question is on agreeing to the amendments
reported by the committee to the amendments
of the House of Representatives.
The amendments to the amendments were
agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
now is on concurring in the amendments of
the committee as amended.
The amendments as amended were con-
curred in.
samuel b. davis.
Mr. PRATT. The Committee on Pensions,
to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No.
2468) granting a pension to Samuel B. Davis,
have directed me to report it back without any
recommendation. My colleague is acquainted,
I believe, with the facts in this case. Since it
was recommitted to the committee we have
not had time to examine it, and we there-
fore now report it back to the Senate without
recommendation.
Mr. MORTON. I ask that the bill be put
on its passage.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill. It directs the Secretary of the
Interior to place on the pension-roll, subject
to the provisions and limitations of the pension
laws, the name of Samuel B. Davis, late a
corporal in company C eighteenth regiment
Indiana volunteers.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
thomas 0. magruder.
Mr. DAVIS. Yesterday morning the bill
(H. R. No. 2908) to refund to Thomas C.
Magruder certain moneys stolen from him in
1859, was under consideration, but was laid
over, as the chairman of the Committee on
Claims was not quite ready to consider it. He
does not otyect to the bill and I should like to
have it considered now.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It was inform-
ally passed over in the absence of the chairman
of the Committee on Claims. If he does not
object, it will be reported, subject to further
objection.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill. It directs the
Secretary of the Treasury to pay to Thomas
C. Magruder, $1,250, for Government moneys
stolen from him and refunded by him to the
Government, in 1859.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
port op delivery at la crosse.
Mr. HOWE. The other day the Senator
from Alabama [Mr. Spencer] reported a bill
from the Committee on Commerce establish-
ing a port of delivery at La Crosse. The Sen-
ator from New York [Mr. Fknton] then raised
some objection to its consideration. He has
since expressed his acquiescence in the bill,
and I hope the Senate will pass it now. He
was in his seat when I rose. I ask the Senate
to proceed to the consideration of that bill.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in
! Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill (H. R. No. 862) to create a port of
delivery at La Crosse, in Wisconsin, and to
provide for a surveyor of customs thereat. It
proposes to constitute La Crosse, Wisconsin, a
port of delivery within the collection disrict of
New Orleans, and provides for the appointment
of a surveyor of customs for the port, who is to
perform the duties of such office and receive
a compensation of not exceeding $1,200 per
annum as salary.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
(shea! salt lake and portland railroad,
Mr. KELLY. House bill No. 3622 was
called up the other day and postponed for the
purpose of having an amendment made to it.
I ask that it be now taken up for considera-
tion. It is a little bill that relates to Oregon
only.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (H. R. No. 8622) supplemental
to an act entitled "An act granting the right
of way through the public lands for the con-
struction of a railroad from Great Salt Lake
to Portland, Oregon," approved April 12,
1872.
Mr. KELLY. I move to amend the bill
by striking out all after the enacting clause
and inserting:
That the Portland. Dalles, and Salt Lake Railroad
Company shall have therightto take from thepub-
lio lands of the United States, timber, stone, and
other materials necessary for the construction of its
road. '
Sgc. 2. This act shall at all times be subject to
amendment or repeal by Congress,
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, aud the amendment was concurred
in. It was ordered that the amendment be
engrossed and the bill read a third time. The
bill was read the third time, and passed.
life-saving stations.
Mr. HAMLIN. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the Senate to take up a little bill estab-
lishing some light stations upon the coast of
New England and one or two other States. It
has passed the House, and 1 do not think it
will take much longer time in determining it
than I have occupied in calling the attention
of the Senate to it. It is House bill No. 3710.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (H. R. No. 87KV) to provide for
the establishment of life-saving stations on
the coasts of Maine, New Hampshire, Mas-
sachusetts, Virginia and North Carolina. It
directs the Secretary of the Treasury to pro-
vide for the establishment of ten life-saving
stations on the coasts of Maine, New Hamp-
shire and Massachusetts, Virginia and North
Carolina, at such points as he may deem
necessary, for the saving of life and property
on said coasts.
The Secretary of the Treasury is also directed
to report at the next session of Congress, the
points on the sea and lake coasts of the United
States at which the establishment of life-saving
stations would best subserve the interests of
commerce and humanity, with a detailed esti-
mate of the cost of such stations.  
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amemdment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and
two per cent. fund.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, some
days ago the Senator from Louisiana, whom I
do not now see in his seat, [Mr. West,] en-
tered a motion to reconsider the vote by which
what is known as the two per cent, bill was
rejected by the Senate. I had spoken to him
on the subject; but he is not in the Chamber,
and as it is the close of the session, and that
matter must be acted on now if ever, I do not
wish to discuss it at all, but I wish to call up
that motion and let the Senate vote upon it. If
it refuses to reconsider, that is the end of the
bill. If it reconsiders, then we can take a vote
on the passage of the bill, and everybody will
be satisfied.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. An-
thony in the chair.) Pending the morning
business, the Senator from Illinois sskg unani-
mous consent to take tip the motion to recon-
sider the t wo per cent. bill.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I object.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move then to lay
aside all other business for the purpose of
taking the vote on the motion to reconsider.
Thi PRESIDING OFFICER. It requires
unanimous consent until the morning business
is concluded. The call is now resting with
reports of committees.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then I shall object to
anything but morning business, in order that
I may have an opportunity to make this mo-
tion.
Mr. WRIGHT. I understand the call is
resting at morning business, and I was about
to ask the Senator from Illinois and the Sen-
ate also to grant me a request.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, I be-
lieve I have not asked to call up a bill this
session; I think I have not had unanimous
consent upon any subject; and this is the first
time I have made a motion to take up a matter
simply to have a vote upon it, and it is ob-
jected to. Now, certainly, the Senator from
Iowa will not ask me to give unanimous con-
sent to take up something else under such cir-
cumstances.
Mr. MORTON. I hope the Senator from
Illinois will be allowed to call up that motion.
If it is objected to, that ruling works both
ways ; it cuts all around.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Illinois asked to call up the motion
to reconsider, and objection was made, and
unless the objection be withdrawn it cannot
be considered now.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope it will be with-
drawn.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there
objection?
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I object to the
two per cent. bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then I object to every-
thing else but the regular morning business.
Mr. WRIGHT. I understand the Senator
from Illinois to object to everything, and so
of course I cannot get up the bill that I pro-
pose, as it would require unanimous consent.
coast survey report.
Mr. ANTHONY. The Committee on Print-
ing, to whom was referred the letter of the
Secretary of the Treasury communicating the
annual report of the Superintendent of the
Coast Survey, have instructed me to report
back the same with a resolution for printing
extra copies, and I ask for its present con-
sideration.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to, as follows:
Resolved by the Senate, (the House of Bepresent-
atives concurring.) That there be printed three
thousand five hundred extra copies of the report of
the Superintendent of the United States Coast Sur-
vey for 1872, of whioh one thousand shall bo for the
use of the Senate, fifteen hundred shall be for the
use of the House, and one thousand for the use of
the Superintendent of the Coast Survey.
smithsonian report.
Mr. ANTHONY. The same committee, to
whom was referred the motion to print extra
copies of the report of the Smithsonian Insti-
tution for the year 1872, have directed me to
report the following resolution, and I ask for
its present consideration:
Resolved by the Senate, (the House of Represent-
atives concurring,) That twelve thousand five hun-
dred additional copies of the report of the Smith-
sonian Institution tor the year 1872 be printed, two
thousand five hundred copies of which shall be for
the use of the Senate, five thousand fortho use of
the House, and five thousand for the use of* the
institution: Provided, That the aggregate number
pages of said report shall not exceed four hundred
ana fifty, and that there shall be no illustrations
except those furnished by the Smithsonian Insti-
tution.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
agricultural report.
Mr. ANTHONY. I have a further report
to make from the Committee on Printing. The
