1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2015
resolution which I now offer is a resolution
for the printing of theagricultural report, and
in view oC the abolition of the franking priv-
ilege the committee have instructed me to report
a resolution cutting down the number one half,
except for. the Commissioner, which is left
nearly the' same. , I ask for its present con-
sideration.,, , :
Therp,,being no objection, the Senate pro-
ceeded to c'opsider the following resolution :
% Resolved by, the Senate, (the House of Representa-
tives concurring,) That there be printed one hundred
and thirty-five thousand eepes of the annual report
of the Commissioner of Agriculture for the year
1872, of which twenty-five thousand shall be for the
use of the Senate, ninty thousand for the use of the
House of Representatives, and twenty thousand for
the use of the Commissioner of Agriculture.
Mr. SHERMAN. I should like to know
when these documents will be ready for distrib-
ution.
Mr. ANTHONY. If a sufficient appropri-
ation is given in the deficiency bill to enable
the Congressional Printer to print them at
once, they will be ready for distribution on
the 1st of July; but it is impossible to tell
how much printing may be ordered, and I can-
not answer the question of the Senator with
certainty.
Mr. SHERMAN. I shall content myself
with voting against the resolution. I shall
vote for no more public documents to be dis-
tributed by members of Congress after the 1st
of July.
Mr. ANTHONY. Perhaps the Senator did
not hear my statement, that the number had
been cut down one half.
Mr. SHERMAN. But after the 1st of July
I supposed the abolition of the franking priv-
ilege was to relieve us from the distribution
of public documents.
Mr. ANTHONY: It ought to.
Mr. SHERMAN. If it does not, there is
no object in it. I'hope, therefore, unless these
documents can be distributed before that time,
the Senator will not insist on this resolution.
Mr." ANTHONY. I would rather take the
judgment of the Senate on this subject. This
is a document in which a great many Senators
have an interest. It is a matter of entire
indifference to me whether the resolution
passes or not. If the Senators desire to let it
pass over for the present, I shall not object.
Mr. SCOTT, May I inquire of the chair-
man of the committee if the same rule is being
observed in reference to all public documents
to be hereafter printed and circulated?
Mr. ANTHONY. Since the passage of the
law for the abolition of the franking privilege
the Committee on Printing have cut down two
thirds of the long numbers of documents, with
the exception of the Smithsonian report, which
we left the same as it was before. That goes
to scientific men, who, I suppose, generally
appreciate it.
Mr. SCOTT. I will not consent that the
agricultural report shall be made an exception.
If the same rule is made with reference to all
others, I have no objection.
Mr. ANTHONY. We did the same with
regard to the report of the Commissioner of
Education.
Mr. COLE. As I understood the resolu-
tion, it called for the printing of one hundred
and thirty five thousand copies. I inquire if
that is one half of the usual number?
Mr. ANTHONY. That is just about half
the number of last year.
Mr. COLE. I do not know how that large
number is to be distributed without the frank-
ing privilege. What is to be done with them ?
Mr. ANTHONY. It is little more than
one half, for we did not cut down the number
given to the Commissioner as we did the others.
We cut. down that number only one fifth, five
thousand.
Mr. SHERMAN. I propose to test the
sense of the Senate on this subject. So far as
I am concerned I intend to vote against print-
ing all documents, of any character whatever,
to be distributed by members of Congress after
the 1st of July next. Let the people buy them
if they want them. Those that are printed
for our use as legislators, as a matter of course
we receive and read if we can; but after the
1st of July, I take it, no documents are to be
printed for distribution gratuitously among the;
people by members of Congress. If there is
no other way of distributing them, letthenraot
be printed. In order to test the sense of the
Senate, as this is the most valuable of these
reports to my constituents, an agricultural pop.
ulation—I am asked for fifty of this to almost
one of any other document—I move that this
resolution lie on the table.
Mr. HOWE. I ask for the yeas and nays
on that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senator from
Ohio will withdraw that motion long enough
to allow me to ask a question, I shall be
obliged to him.
Mr. SHERMAN. If 1 have the power.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator made the
motion to lay on the table.
Mr. SHERMAN. But have I the power
now to withdraw it?
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Ed-
munds in the chair.) Not without the consent
of the Senate, the yeas and nays having been
ordered.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will ask unanimous
consent to inquire of the Senator from Ohio
if it would not be better to move to strike out
that part of the resolution 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Illinois asks unanimous consent to
make a statement on this subject. Is there
objection? The Chair hears none.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not want to make
any statement. I merely wish to ask the Sen-
ator from Ohio if he will not move to strike
out that portion of the resolution which pro-
vides for publishing this agricultural report
for distribution by members of Congress in the
two Houses, and let it be published for the
Agricultural Department ?
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no objection to
the publication of agricultural documents in
any quantity that are needed and that the pub-
lic will buy. A proposition is now pending
before the Committee on Printing to provide
for the distribution of public documents upon
the demand of any person who applies for
them and is willing to pay the mere net cost
of paper.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I thought that would
meet the object and we would get a test, too,
to see whether anything should be published
for members of Congress or not.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is the same thing.
The Commissioner of Agriculture ought not
to have it in his power to give away these
documents. I will take the sense of the
Senate on the motion.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I should like to
ask a question merely.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, . Asking a
question is in the nature of debate.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I ask permis-
sion of the Senate to do so.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from New Jersey asks unanimous consent to
make a statement. Is there objection? The
Chair hears none.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I should like
to ask the Senator from Ohio whether, if his
motion be adopted, the agricultural report
will be printed ?
Mr. SHERMAN. It comes to us as an
executive communication, and as a matter of
course is printed when sent, to us ; but this is
a resolution providing for extra copies of the
document.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. But these extra
documents are not printed as of course.
Mr. SHERMAN. No, except that under
the present law anybody can get these docu-
ments at the Public Printing Office.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Not if they are
not printed,
Mr. SHERMAN. They are printed.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. But this num-
ber is not.
Mr. SHERMAN, As a matter of course,
a resolution could be offered at any time
directed to the Committee on Printing re-
quiring a number of copies to be printed for
sale to persons who would pay the cost of
them.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. If the Senator
should adopt the suggestion, of the Senator
from Illinois, then they would be printed, and
you could dispose of them afterward when
your resolution comes in force.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the motion to lay the resolution on
the table, on which the yeas and nays have
been ordered.
The question being, taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 21, nays 30 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aloorn, Blair, Colo, Fenton, Gil-
bert, Goldthwaite, Hamilton of Maryland. Hamil-
ton of Texas, Hamlin, Hill, Kelly, Lewis, Machen,
Rice, Sawyer, Sherman, Sprague, Tipton, Trum-
bull, West, and Wilson—21.
NAYS—Messrs.Anthony, Boreman, Buckingham,
Cameron, Casserly, Clayton, Cooper, Corbett, Cra-
gin, Davis, Edmunds, Ferry ofMiohigan, Freling-
htiysen. Harlan, Hitchcock, Howe, Morrill of Vnr-
mont, Norwood, Nye, Osborn.Pomeroy, Pool, Pratt,
Ramsey, Ransom, Saulsbury, Scott, viekers, Win-
do and Wright—so.
ABSENT—Messrs. Ames, Bayard, Brownlow, Cald-
well, Carpenter, Chandler, Conkling, Ferry of Con-
necticut, Flanagan, Johnston, Logan, Morrill of
Maine, Morton, Patterson, Robertson, Scharz, Spen-
cer, Stevenson, Stewart, Stockton, Sumner, and
Thurman—22.
So the motion was not agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion recurs on agreeing to the resolution.
Mr. ANTHONY. Now, in view of the gen-
eral sentimentthathas been expressed through-
out the Chamber, I offer this as a substitute,
not from the committee:
Resolved, That there be printed five thousand
copies of the report of the Commissioner of Agricul-
ture for the use of the Senate, fifteen thousand for
the use of the House of Representatives, and fifty
thousand for the use of the Commissioner of Agri-
culture, to be supplied gratis on application, the
applicants to pay the costof transportation.
We have been giving away these books in
very large numbers, and now I propose to
print considerably less than half the usual
number,, and to give them to those who will
pay the cost of transportation.
Mr. SHERMAN. If the Senator will say
"the cost of transportation and paper," I
shall Lave no objection,
Mr. ANTHONY. I think that had better
come under some general system for the dis-
tribution of documents. The Committee on
Printing have under consideration a resolution
submitted to the Senate by the Senator from
Ohio, but he will need no apology for our not
having attended to it in the last few weeks
when everybody has been driven so; but I
think that the plan of distributing documents
by sale should be a general one, and if we
begin by sending these documents to those
who will pay the postage on them we shall
have some measure of the demand for the
book.
_ Mr. SHERMAN. Well, I have no objec-
tion.
Mr. BOREMAN. I should like to inquire
of the chairman at what time it is probable
these documents will be ready for distribu-
tion ?
Mr. ANTHONY. Very soon. The copy
is not all furnished yet.
Mr. BOREMAN- The franking privilege
extends to the 1st of July, and this provision
had better'not take effect until after that time.
Mr. ANTHONY. That amendment might
be made.
Mr. BOREMAN. Let it apply to applica-
tions made after the 1st of July.
Mr. ANTHONY. I have no objection to
that.
Mr. HOWE. I called for the yeas and nays
