1058
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 3,
vide for the appointment of commissioners to
collect information in relation to railroads
forming lines of commerce between States.
The bill was read. It authorizes the Presi-
dent of the United States to appoint, by and
with the advice and consent of the Senate,
three eminent and disinterested citizens as
commissioners, whose duty it shall be to col-
lect information exhibiting the amount 'of
earnings and expenditures of the various rail-
road companies engaged in the transportation
of commerce among the several States, the
rates of transportation of passengers and
freight charged by such companies upon said
commerce, the manner of constructing and
operating their rolling-stock with reference to
the safety, health, and comfort of passengers
and the stock transported by them, whether
such charges are unequal or excessive, and
the condition and general character of their
road-beds, tracks, and bridges, and provides
that it shall be the duty of said commissioners
to report' their proceedings under this act to
the President of the United States, to be by
him transmitted to Congress as early as prac-
ticable during the next regular session ; and
that said commissioners shall also include in
their report their recommendation as to the
rates that, in their opinion, ought to be charged
per mile for transportation of passengers and
freight by said roads upon such commerce,
whether such rates pef mile ought to be uni-
form, and what legislation by Congress, if any,
maybe necessary in the premises. The second
section provides that the commissioners shall
hold their office for one year, and shall each
receive a salary of $4,000.
The question was put on suspending the
rules, and no quorum voted.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Hawlicy, of
Illinois, and Mr. JSldrbdok were appointed.
The House divided ; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 53, noes 68.
Mr. 1IA.WLKY, of Illinois. I call for the
yeas and nays
The yeas and nays wore ordered.
The question was taken j and there were—
yeas 76, nays 97, not voting 07 ; as follows :
YEAS—Mcsrs. Avonll, B irbor, Barry, Beatty,
James G. Blair, Bolyy. Uuckley. Bunnoll, Burchard,
JUurdett, Kodenck R. IJut It-r. ( ' *bb, Oughhi.fi, Cotton,
Darraii, Dickey, J.Kmn.m, Dik'H, Dunuoll,
Esty, Finkeiiiburg, Wilder D. L'o-icr, l'Vye, Uariiold,
Haldennm, Hnrmer. John i$. Uawley,
Joseph It. Ilawloy, liny, Hsiys, (lorry "W. Hazelton,
John W. Hazolton, Uour, Kendall, Killingor, Lam-
port, McOornuck, MeCrary. McGrew, Meilonry,
MoJunkm, Morriam, Monroe, Moroy, Leonard
Myers, Orr, Packard. Paokor, l&aac C. Parkoi, Pock,
Pendlot.on, Porter. Ellis II. Roberts, Shank-*, Shel-
don, Shellabjirger, Shoemaker, U. Koardman Smith,
John A. Smith, Spraguo, Starkweather, Stevenson,
Stoughton. Siowcll, Washington Townsond, Tynor,
Unson. Wakeman, Wuldcn, Wheeler, WhiteJey,
Williams of Indiana, Jeromiah M. Wilson, and
John X, Wilson 70.
NAYS—Messrs. Acker, Adams. Archor. Arthur.
Enisniu-; W. Buck, James B. B«ek, Bell, Bingham,
Bud, Austin Blair, Boarman, Braxton, Bright, Buf-
linton, Benjamin F. Butler, Caldwell, Comingo,
Conger, Conner, Cox, Ou-hei, Cropland, Dodds,
Dox, DuBoso, Duko, Eldredgo, Ely, Get/., (iiddmgs,
Ifnlo, Ilunoouk, Handley, Hanks, ILirper, (Jeoige
K Harris, John T. Han is, Ueieford. IIerndon..liib-
bard. Hill, Hooper, Kerr, King, Lamnon, Leach,
Lewis, ]jyneh, Maclntyro, Hanson, Marshall, Mc-
Clelland, MeKinnoy, McNeuly, Merrick, Benjamin
F. Meyers, Mitchell, Morgan, hilns L. Nibhtek, Wil-
liam E. Kiblaek, lioxea W. Parker, Pony, Peters,
Poland, Potter, Kainey, Randall, Read, Edward Y.
Rico, John M. Rice, Ritchie. William R. .Roberts,
Robinson, John Rogers, ^ipn If. Rogers, Sargent,
Sawyoi, Scotield, Sherwood, Shober, Slater, Sloeum,
Slots, Spoor, Stevens, Storm, Swann, Tnile. Turnef,
lufhill, Van Trump, Voorhees. Waddeil, Warren,
\\ ijlnrd,.Winchester, and Young—97.
ISOi \Ol'ING—Mesbrs. Ambler, Ames, Banks,
Barnum, Bigby, Biggs, Brooks, Campbell. Carroll,
Ci ai ke, Co burn, Crob>, Crecly, Crockcr, Dav is,
Dawes, j-Jhott, Jiirnswoi th.Farwell.Forker, Charles
Foster, iienry I>. foster, (r G-.lhtd'iy, (iood-
rich, (Jrithih, li.i.lsey, Hambleton, llolman, Hough-
ton, ivelley, iveJlugg, Keleham, Kinsello, Lunsuig,
Lowe, ilayn:nd, Meliee, Moore, Morphia, Neglry,
Palmer, Perce, Platl, Prioe, Ptindie, Roosevelt,
Kuhis, Socley. Sessions, Wovthingtou 0. Smith,
Sn-tpp, Snyder, St. John, Sutiu Hand, Sypher, Terry,
Thomas, Dwight Towns-end, Twiehell, Vnuwhan.
Waldron, WaM:io<\ Wells, Whitthorne, Williams ol
Ktnv Yoxk, and Wood—07.
So (two thirds not voting in 1-tvoi thereof)
the rules weie not suspended.
ORDER OP business.
Mr. SHELDON* X desire to move to sus-
pend the rules, and pass a bill which I send to
the Clerk's desk.
The SPEAKER. There are two or three
gentlemen who desire to obtain orders of the
House to have certain amendments to appro-
priation bills declared in order when those
bills shall be under consideration in Commit-
tee of the Whole.
Mr. SHELDON. Very well, I will with-
hold my motion for the present.
PROFESSORS AT WEST POINT.
Mr. SLOCUM. I move that the rules be so
suspended that the following amendment may
be in order to the Military Academy appropri-
ation bill when the same shall be under con-
sideration in Committee of the Whole:
That section thirteen of an act entitled "An act
making appropriations for the supportof the Army
for the year ending June30,1871, andforother pur-
poses," approved July 15,1870, be amended so as to
read as follows:
That the professor of the United States Military
Academy whose services in the Army and at the
Academy exceeds tweuty-fivo years shall have the
pay of colonel of engineers; and those whose terms
of like service are less than twenty-five and exceed
fifteen years shall have tho pay of lieutenant colonel
of engineers; and all other professois at the Acad-
emy shall have tho pay of major of engineers: and
hereafter thero shall be allowed and paid to said
professors ten per cent, of their cunent yearly
pay for each and every term of fivo years' service :
Provided, That such addition shall not in any case
exceed lorty per cent, of said yearly pay; and said
professors are hereby placod upon tho sarno footing
as regards retirement from active service as officers
of tho Army. The quartermaster at the Military
Academy shall receive tho same pay and allowances
as regimental quartermasters.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Will that
amendment be amendable when offered in
Committee of the Whole, like other amend-
ments?
The SPEAKER. Of course; any germane
amendment to it will be in order.
The question was taken ; and upon a division
there were—ayes 87r noes 30.
So (two thirds voting in the affirmative) the
rules were suspended ; and it was ordered
accordingly.
Mr. MARSHALL. I move that, the rules
be so suspended that when the House shall
proceed to the consideration of the Military
Academy bill in Committee of the Whole the
following provision of that bill shall be in
order:
Linos elevon, twelve, and thirteen of House bill
No. 1)737. providing that the Secretary of War may
in his discretion substitute for the professorship
ot Spanish a professorship of rhetoric and English
literal ure.
The question was taken; and there were
upon a division—ayes eighty-five, noes not
counted.
So (two thuds voting in favor thereof) the
rules were suspended ; and it was ordered
accordingly.
MAIL TRANSPORTATION.
Mr. PALMER. I move that the rules be so
suspended as to declare in order a provision
in the annual appropriation bill for the Post
Office Department, in relation to adjusting the
compensation for transportation of the mails,
when the same shall be taken up in Committee
of the Whole.
Mr. RANDALL. If this is intended to vary
contracts for carrying the mail one dollar or
one cent we ought to know it.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. It is absolutely
ncceysary that a provision like that shall be in
the bill.
The question was taken•, and (two-thirds
voting in favor thereof) the rules were sus-
pended ; and it was ordered accordingly.
indian appropriation bill,
Mr. SARGENT. I present the report of
the committee of conference on the bill (H.
It. No. 2U89) making appropriations for the
current and contingent expenses of the Indian
department, and for fulfilling treaty stipula-
tions with various Indian tribes for the year
ending June 30, 1874, and for other pur-
poses. I do not ask consideration of the
report now, but give notice that I shall call
it up to-morrow. I ask.that the report be
printed in the Globe.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection
that order will be made.
There was no objection; and it was ordered
accordingly.'
The report is as follows:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the amendments to the
bill CH. R. No. 2989) making appropriations for the
current and contingent expenses of the Indian de-
partment, and for fulfilling treaty stipulations wirh
various Indian tribes for the year ending June 30.
1874, and tor other purposes, having met, alter lull
and free conference, have agreed to recommend, and
do recommend, to their respective Houses as follows.
That the House of Representatives recede from its
amendments to the amendments of the Senate num-
bered thirteen and fourteen, and agree to the same.
That the Senate recede from its disagreement to
the amendments of the House to the twenty-third,
thirty-second, and thirty-ninth amendments of tho
Senate, and agree to the same.
That the House recede from its disagreement to
the first amendment of the Senate, and agree to the
same with the following amendment, to wit: in
page 1, line six, of the bill, after the word " tribes,"
insert the following: "-and where the exigencies of
the service require it, goods and supplies for the
Indian service for the fiscal year ending June 30,
1874, may be purchased and transported during the
current fiscal year;" and that the Senate agree to
the same.
That the Senate recede from its thirty-fifth amend-
ment, and agree to the clause of the bill proposed by
said amendment to be stricken out, amended so as
to read as follows:
Provided, That the several appropriations herein
made for teachers, millers, blacksmiths, engineers,
carpenters, physicians, and other persons, and for
various articles provided for by treaty stipulation,
may be diverted to other uses for the benefit of the
various Indian tribes, within tho discretion of the
President, and with tho consent of said tribes, ex-
pressed in the usual manner, and that he cause
report to be made to Congress, at its next session
thereafter, of his action under this provision, and
that the House agree to the same.
That the Senato recede from its disagreement to
the amendmentof tlie House to the fortieth amend-
ment of the Senate, and agree thereto, with an
amendment so that the clause to be inserted shall
read as follows, to wit:
Sec. 6. Thdt there shall be appointed by the Presi-
dent, by and with the advice and consent ot the
Senate, a sufficient number of Indian inspectors, not
exceeding five in number, to pertorm the duties
herein required. Each inspectorshall hold his offieo
for four years, unless sooner removed by the Presi-
dent, and he shall receive an annual salary of
&3.000 and his necessary traveling expenses, not
oxeeedingten cents a mile for actual travel, while
in the discharge of his duty, a statement of which
expenses as to each inspector shall accompany
tho annual report of tho Secretary of the Interior.
Each Indian superintendency and agency shall be
visited and examined as often as twice a year
by one or more of the inspectors. Such exam-
ination shall extend to a full investigation of ail
matters pertaining to the business of the superin-
tendency, or agency, including an examination of
accounts, the manner of expending money, the num-
ber of Indians provided for, contracts of all kinds
connected with the business, the condition of the
Indians, their advancement in civilization, the ex-
tent of the reservations, and what use is made of the
lands set apart for that purpose, and, generally, all
matters pertaining to the Indian service. Jb'or the
purposo of making such investigations, each in-
spector shall have power to examine all books,
papers, and vouchers, to administer oaths, and to
examine on oath all officers and persons employed
in the superintendency or agency, and all such other
persona as he may deem necessary or proper. Tho
inspectors, or any one of them, shall have power to
suspend any superintendent or agent or employ^,
and to designate some person in his place tempo-"
rarily, subject to the approval of the President, mak-
ing imraediatereport o i such suspension and designa-
tion; and upon the conclusion of each examination, a
report shall be forwarded to the President without
delay. The inspectors, in the discharge of their du-
ties, jointly and individually, shall have power, bv
proper legal proceedings, which it shall be the duty
ot tile district attorney of the United States for the
appropriate district duly to effectuate, to enforco
the laws, and to prevent the violation of law in tho
administration of affairs in the several agencies and
superintendences. So far as practicable, the exam-
inations ot the agencies and superintendences shall
be made alternately by different inspectors, so that
tho same agency or superintendency may not bo
examined twice in succession by the same inspector
or inspectors: Provided, That after the 30th ot June
1S73, the offices of four of the superintendents of In-
dian afiairs, and of the clerks to such superintend-
ents, are hereby abolished, and the Hinount herein-
before appropriated for salaries of said officers, or so
much thereof as may be necessary, is hereby appro-
priated to pay the salaries and traveling expenses
ot said inspectors. And the President may assign
the remaining four superintendents to jurisdiction
