94
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 10,
the Judiciary Committee in his seat, but he
seems to be occupied for the moment, and I
therefore venture to suggest that this subject
ought not to go to the Committee on the Ju-
diciary. As 1 understand it, the prayer of the
petitions is that the importation and manufac-
ture of ardent spirits be forbidden. If the
honorable Senator from Ohio really thinks
the Committee on the Judiciary is more com-
petent to pass on that question than his com-
mittee 
Mr. SHERMAN. I will state to the Sen-
ator from New York that the Committee on
Finance are opposed to any bill like that
which prohibits the importation and sale of
spirituous liquors.
Mr. CONKLING. Then what is there
left?
Mr. SHERMAN. The object of the bill is
undoubtedly to promote temperance.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Vermont [Mr. Edmunds] is not perhaps
noticing this debate. The Chair will state
that the qnestion before the Senate is on
referring various petitions, and also a bill now
before the Committee on Finance with regard
to a prohibitory liqaor law, to the Committee
on the Jadiciary.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will conclude the re-
mark I was making in reply to the Senator
from New York. The manifest purpose of
this bill is to promote temperance, good order,
sobriety. We thought that that was a subject
the Committee on the Judiciary could deal
with better than the Committee on Finance.
It is not a question of revenue, but a question
of good morals and ethics.
Mr. CONKLING. If the object of the Sen-
ator from Ohio is to find some committee
which shall set an example of sobriety and
temperance to the country, then I make no
criticism upon his suggestion that the Judi-
ciary Committee is the proper committee for
that purpose, [laughter ;] but if he wants the
petitions considered, the prayer of which is to
prohibit the importation, manufacture, and
sale of intoxicating liquors as merchandise, I
really cannot see that the Committee on the
Judiciary has anything to do with the subject.
But having now attracted the attention of the
chairman of that committee, I shall consider
myself discharged from anything further in
regard to it. I noticed that he was engaged
at the moment, and hence I ventured to make
a suggestion in regard to it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Well, Mr. President, the
Senator from New York has stated all that
I could have said, and in much better rhetoric
than I could have used. It is perfectly obvi-
ous that these petitions in the way in which
they are drawn, and looking to the legislation
that they ask for, are matters that do not fall
within the proper cognizance of the Judiciary
Committee, unless everything does. I have no
doubt of the capacity of the Judiciary Com-
mittee to decide everything, and to decide it
conclusively, and they never ought to be re-
versed ; bnt inasmuch as we have not the
time to determine all the questions arising out
of the importation of liquors, and the prohibi-
tion of their sale, these matters ought not to be
sent to us. The subject ought either to belong
to the Committee on Finance or the Commit-
tee on the District of Columbia, where it
would chiefly operate if there is any sense at
all in the prayer of the petitions, for as long
as the Government of the United States allows
intoxicating liquors to be imported into this
country, it must necessarily allow them to be
imported for use and for sale. As long as the
laws of the United States tolerate and tax the
production of intoxicating liquors, those laws
must authorize the people who produce them
to use them and dispose of them in some way
or other, leaving it to the States to regulate their
own police affairs as they may judge the public
interests to require. That is the truth about it.
Therefore the question, if it is a question to be
considered at all, in the lightin which the peti-
tioners present it, is a question which really
enters, as largely as any other question can,
into the financial condition of the Government,
and its financial ability to dispense with the
revenues received from this source. That is
the real truth about it, and it was for that
reason that I moved that these petitions be
referred in the first instance to the Committee
on Finance, because it does really involve
that question so far as the United States is
concerned, and not much else, for everybody
knows that it is only in this District and in a
few of the Territories (where I suppose there
is very little liquor, long after it is carried in,
at any rate) where the laws of the United
States could operate. We cannot prohibit the
sale or manufacture of liquor in the State of
Pennsylvania. We have no authority to do so.
It does not fall under the fourteenth amend-
ment. The fourteenth amendment, perhaps,
as construed at Cincinnati and Baltimore,
would authorize us, as a constitutional right
under principles of equality, to allow the man-
ufacture and consumption of liquors every-
where. [Laughter.] Very likely it would;
but certainly, looking at it in the other way,
there is nothing in the Constitution which
authorizes us to interfere with the manufac-
ture and the consumption of liquor in the
States as it respects the morals and police
of the States. As a mere matter of reve-
nue, of course we can. That we understand,
and that we do; but beyond that we cannot
go. Therefore, unless these petitions are per-
fectly wild, if they are looking to business
legislation, to practical results, they must be
confined to the District of Columbia and the
Territories or they must be referred to the
general question of revenue ; and hence there
is no reason whatever for sending them to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. THURMAN. Mr. President, I feel a
little surprised that this subject was not re-
ferred at once to the committee to which it
seems to me properly to belong if it belongs to
any committee, and that i3 the Committee on
the District of Columbia. The Judiciary Com-
mittee certainly is not to have jurisdiction of
every bill that may ohange the laws. If that
were the case we night abolish all the com-
mittees but the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. CONKLING. The Senator- will par-
don me a moment. These petitions—not all
of them perhaps, but most of them; some,
certainly, that went through my hands—con-
tain a prayer not only applicable to the Dis-
trict of Columbia and all the Territories of
the United States, but more especially a prayer
against the importation into this country of
spirituous liquors.
Mr. THURMAN. I was not aware of that.
I thought it was confined entirely to the Dis-
trict of Columbia. I therefore withdraw what
I said on that subject. If it goes beyond that,
if it relates to the importation of liquors into
the United States, then manifestly the Com-
mittee on Commerce is the right committee.
Mr. SHERMAN. The prayer of the peti-
tion applies to the prohibition of liquors for
use in the District of Columbia and the Ter-
ritories.
Mr. THURMAN. Bnt I am told now it
goes beyond that and applies to the import-
ation of liquors into the United States. If
that is the case, manifestly the Committee on
Commerce is the proper committee, but in no
event the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. POME ROY. I had the honor to pre-
sent several of these petitions, and I did so in
perfect good faith and with great sincerity. I
apprehend that there is no disposition on the
part of any Senator to rid himself of any
responsibility connected with any duty that
may be imposed upon him as a member of a
committee. But at the beginning I thought
these petitions should go to the Committee on
Territories, because uot only are the govern-
ments of the Territories under an organic law
granted by Congress, under which they dis-
charge public duties, but so is the District of
Columbia. They are all Territories now, and
it is simply a question that the Committee on
Territories should examine and report upon,
if any report is to be made. More than forty
years ago Congress passed a bill on this sub-
ject applying to the Territories, and to all the
Territories, so far as concerned the traffic in
intoxicating liquors with Indians ; and that
law is in force now, but it is applicable to the
Territories particularly. That law, passed
forty pears ago, went so far as to confiscate
not only the whisky that was found, but the
goods that were in the wagons. It was the
most stringent prohibitory law that I have ever
met, and so far as Indians are concerned it
has been in force and never found to be un-
constitutional that I know of. You cannot
carry into any of the Territories of the United
States where we have good officers any
whisky to sell to Indians, or if you do not
propose to sell it to them you cannot carry it
to them under that law.
I apprehend that there is something in these
petitions that is good for white men as well as
for Indians. I do not think Indians alone
need the protection of this Government against
whisky traffickers ; but it would be a very good
thing to protect white people in the Territories.
This District of Columbia is a Territory organ-
ized under a territorial act, with a Governor
appointed as other territorial Governors are
appointed. Why not commit this subject then
to the Committee on Territories, and let us
have a report?
Mr. CONKLING. That has nothing to do
with the gravamen of the petitions.
Mr. POMEROY. The petitions have one
clause (but that is not the great thing nor the
principal thing) relating to importations; that
is only an incident.
Mr. CONKLING. My honorable friend
will find that some, if not most, of these peti-
tions have no other clause than a simple prayer
to that point only, that the importation of
liquors to be used as a beverage in the United
States be forbidden.
Mr. POMEROY. The petitions which I
had the honor to present had several clauses
besides that, and that was by no means the
chief or the principal one. I would move that
these petitions go to the Committee on Terri-
tories, where the whole subject is certainly
appropriate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The pending
question, before the Senator from Kansas rose,
was on the motion to discharge the Committee
on Finance from these petitions and refer
them to the Committee on the Judiciary. The
Senator from Kansas moves to amend by
Striking oat "Committee on the Judiciary,"
and inserting "Committee on Territories."
Mr. SHERMAN. I will simply ask that
the Committee on Finance be discharged, and
then let the Senate determine what committee
shall take charge of them.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection the Chair will take the sense of the
Senate on that proposition first. If there be
no objection the Committee on Finance will
be discharged.
Mr. CONKLING. I hope that will not be
done.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. If this is a ques-
tion in relation to the reference of these peti-
tions to a committee, I have a word to say.
This is evidently a mixed question—very much
mixed. [Laughter.] It has a question of law,
undoubtedly, in it, and a very large question of
of policy and it may be of morals ; bnt it is a
very large question any way. Now, taking it
on the question of importation, standing by
itself, what is that? I suppose the Congress
of the United Slates might prohibit the im-
Fortation of ardent spirits into this country.
have no doubt about that. That would be
a legal proposition, perhaps, for the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary. But that is not all: it
contemplates prohibiting the sale of intoxicat-
