2018
THE CONGRESSIONAL CxLOBE.
March 1,
He says that notice was given. What kind
of a notice? Why, a motion to reconsider was
entered. We all know that it was entered on
the next day. That, then, went upon the Cal-
endar, like other subjects, for consideration.
What notice was given that the Senator in-
tended to move this morning to proceed to the
consideration of that subject 1 None. But he
does tell us that in the heat of his zeal, he
went privately to the Senator who made the
motion to reconsider, yesterday, andasked him
to call it up, but he did not. Why did not the
Senator stand up in his place in the Senate
yesterday, and tell the Senate that to-day or
to- morrow, or at any Season named in the future,
if it were not more than two-hours, he would
move to proceed to the consideration of that
motion ? Perhaps he can tell us why he did
not. I make no imputation against my honora-
ble friend. I only state the fact he has stated,
that instead of telling the Senate that he would
move to proceed to the consideration of this
business he went to the honorable Senator
from Louisiana and asked him to move it and
it was not done. So to-day he feels justified in
saying that was notice to all of us.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I rise to a point of order.
1 submit that this debate is not in order.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I will submit to the point
of order when it is decided.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
on the appropriation' bill is on concurring in
the amendment made as in Committee of the
Whole in regard to the appropriations for the
Distiict. The Chair is iuformed that there is
no pending motion, although the Senator from
Illinois indicated his intention to make a mo-
tion.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The appropriation bill
is pending, and I suppose this is a discussion
of that bill;
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is what I am speak-
ing on, and what my friend was speaking on.
Mr. COLE. The question is on concurring
to the amendment upon the appropriation bill,
on which the yeas and nays have been ordered.
Mr. EDMUNDS. And it is on that motion
that I am addressing the Senate. I am sur-
prised that my friend does not see it.
Mr. COLE. I know my friend from Ver-
mont was in order all the time. He always is.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I will end this business
by saying that I had finished everything that
1 was desirous of saying before my friend from
Rhode Island rose to make his point of order.
THE SHIP WYOMING.
Mr. STOCKTON. I move to pass over the
present and all prior orders, and take up
House bill No. 8736, being a bill for the relief
of the officers and crew of the United States
ship Wyoming.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from New Jersey moves to postpone the appro-
priation bill and aH prior orders for the pur-
pose of considering the Wyoming bill.
Mr. STOCKTON. Is it in order for me to
make a remark on that subject ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The appropria-
tion bill being before the Senate, speeches are
limited to five minutes.
Mr. STOCKTON. I shall not occupy five
minutes nor perhaps one fifth of that time; but
I desire to remind the Senate that I have been
out of the Chamber for between two and three
weeks, utterly unable to call up this bill that
was m my hands and which I should have
called up and attended to but that I was occu-
pied on committee duty, kept there by the Sen-
ate. I have tried to get the Chair to see me
when I rise morning after morning, but the
Chair never sees me, [laughter,] but always
looks over my head and all around; and no
matter who is in the Chair, for some reason
the gentleman wh; happens to be there is ob-
livious to the fact that 1 rise. And when I do
gel an opportunity to make my motion, the
Senate will noj take up the bill that I ask them
to take up.
I have twice already satisfied the Senate
that this bill is right. I know that there are
not five men in the Senate who will vote
against the bill when it comes up. The simple
question is whether out of a fund now amount-
ing, with interest, to nearly a million dollars
which has been covered into the Treasury,
$125,000 shall be paid to the survivors of
those who earned the fund and the widows and
orphans of those who are dead. The question
what shall be done with the fund which has
been raised and asked here is a question which
I do n<5t enter into all. On that point I mean
to leave my mind open to hear the discussion
when the proper time comes. Whether or
not it is to be given back to the Japanese, is
not a question that has anything to do with
this claim. This question is whether you will
compensate those who earned the fund and
do thorn justice.
This is the third time I have risen to make
a personal appeal to the Senate in this behalf.
I only ask them for a vote on the bill. That
is all I ask ; and let the gentlemen vote as they
please. Certainly an appeal of this kind coming
from the source it does, coming from those who
earned this money and who are entitled to it,
coming from (he widows of those who were
killed in the very action that secured it; cannot
go unheeded.
I beg the Senate for a vote. Have I not a
right to ask that ? That is "all I ask, M r. -Presi-
dent. All I ask of you and of the Senate is
simply to take the vote, and let gentlemen
vote as they please ; but let us bring the bill
up now. It has passed the House and you can
pass it now in two minutes if you will just
give me a vote.
Mr. STEWART. I rise to ask unanimous
consent.
Mr. STOCKTON. I asked unanimous con-
sent in the morning hour and tho Senator
from Illinois objected, and now I have to mako
this motion to bring the bill up in this way. If
that is objected to, I bog unanimous consent.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Tho Senator
from New Jersey asks unanimous consent that
the Wyoming bill may be taken up and voted
upon without debeate. Is there objection ?
Mr. COLE. I will give my consent after
the apropriation bill is through.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on the motion of the Senator from New
Jersey to postpone the appropriation bill and
other orders for the purpose of considering
the Wyoming bill. If the Chair may be so far
indulged, he will state that the Senator from
New Jersey has shown that three times he has
had an opportunity by somebody recognizing
him to appeal to the Senate in regard to this
bill.
Mr. WRIGHT. I certainly do not antag-
onize tho measure of the Senator from New
Jersey, but I want to say one thing. If the
Senate shall proceed at this time to consider
that bill in view of the claim that I have upon
the .Senate in connection with a small local
bill, 1 shall feel that they will have been unjust
to me and to the bill in my charge. The Sen-
ator from New Jersey is in precisely the same
position that I am, and that I have presented
to the Senate more than once, and the Senate
has persistently refused to take up the bill
that I insisted upon, I giving as a reason that I
was absent upon committee duty, just as the
Senator has been. Now, if the Senate shall
take up his bill and refuse to take up the bill
which I have pressed on them and which can
be passed in two minutes at any time, I shall
feel that they have been greatly unjust to him
and to that bill. If this appropriation bill is
to be laid aside, and it can be understood that
I shall have the same chance as the Senator
from New Jersey and we can get both bills
through, I will not object; but I shall object
to laying aside the appropriation bill for the
purpose of taking up his bill and then cutting
me off on the other bill. What I want is to
be treated fairly in reference to that bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from New Jersey.
Mr. STOCKTON. The Senator from Iowa,
I have no doubt, has a bill that ought to be
called up, and it will give me great pleasure,
if it is a righteous bill that he is advocating,
to vote for it when it does come up; but I
know of no way in which he can get his bill up
except on the principle I now advocate. What
is that? It is that when the Senate are told
in one case in a session that a gentleman
has an important duty which keeps him away
from the Hall and has charge of a measure in
which many people are interested, and he asks
the Senate because he has been out of the
Chamber and been unable to attend to it to let
it come up by unanimous consent, it shall bo
considered.
I know of no other way in which such business
can be done. If the Senator from Iowa has a bill
of that kind and he will waive his objection to
this, I shall be most happy to go for his bill if he
simply shows me and shows the Senate that it
has these righteous claims on our attention that
this bill has. This bill has passed the House;
it is a bill the principle of which has passed
the Senate, and the bill is really the law of the
land by the votes of the representatives in
Congress now, and the simple fact is that I
ask that Congress shall not adjourn without
passing the bill into the forms of law. I do
no not wish to see it lost for want of time.
Mr. HAMLIN. I shall not at any proper
period interpose any objection to this bill
coming up; but I have been more than amused
at the earnestness with which the gentleman
has harped onjthis subject. Why, sir, he will
make it more famous than the English poet
has made the beautiful valley of that name.
I only want to say to him that when the bill
does come up it will elicit discussion, because
there are Senators on this floor who do moan
that tho fund out of which you propose to pay
that money shall not be frittered away for such
a purpose; that it is money which ought to
come out of the Treasury of the United States
and not from that fund. That is what we
mean. But yet to get rid of the many impor-
tunities of my friend, I shall certainly join with
him to get up the bill at the proper time, for
we shall hear him here daily in the earnest
language of Waldegrave to Gertrude, in that
beautiful poem:
" Flower of my life, so lovely and so lone I"
[Laughter.]
Mr. CORBETT. Mr. President, I feel it
my duty, as the chairman of the Committee on
Commerce is absent from his seat, to give notice
that the Committee on Commerce have re-
ported the appropriation bill for rivers and
harbors and propose to proceed with that bill
immediately after the disposition of the pend-
ing appropriation bill.
Mr. WRIGHT. I think the Committee on
Appropriations will bear me witness that I
have not undertaken unduly to interfere with
the hearing of bills from that committee. I
have consistently, as I think, withheld any in-
terference with their action. Now I propose
to vote against this motion notwithstanding it
will perhaps tend to get up the bill that I feel
so great an interest in, and I shall vote against
the proposition to lay aside the appropriation
bills because I think they are of paramount
importance and ought to be passed. In doing
this I think I shall have some claims upon
that committee and upon all Senators to give
me a hearing at a proper timei as I believe I
can dispose of my bill in a few minutes. I
think it is due to the business o'' the country "
and of the Senate that we should dispose of
the appropriation bills and not take up time in
discussing questions of the order of business,
but go to them at once and get them out of the
way.
Mr. COLE. It is my real opinion that
there will be an opportunity for the considera-
tion of the bills of the Senator from Iowa and
other Senators after we get through with the
