1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
95
ing liquors throughout the land. Well, when
vou reach that question, it becomes a little
more involved and a little more mixed, because
that touches all the legislation upon that sub-
ject in the several States, and then the legal
proposition becomes not only involved, but a
very delicate one, indeed, and certainly my
friend from Kansas hardly thinks that is a
territorial question which relates to the powers
of the Government to engage in such legisla-
tion as that.
Well, more than that, it touches the whole
question of the manufacture of these liquors
for a beverage. There again your question
becomes complicated and involved, because a
man may manufacture them for medicinal and
mechanical purposes, as is done in many of
the States, while he is prohibited from doing
so as a beverage.
So you will see the question is now before
Congress, and their powers invoked, and their
legislation and their judgment upon this whole
subject of the importation and the manufac-
ture and the sale of intoxicating liquors as a
beverage. Now, if Congress is disposed to
meet that question, it must go to a committee
constituted for the purpose of considering
questions of the highest legal import. That
is precisely what it is. To refer it to the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia is simply
to shift the responsibility. They are not in a
condition to meet it. To say that it is a moral
question does not meet the point by a great
deal. To say that it is territorial is to ignore
entirely the petition and the request of the
petitioners. Yon must refer it to a committee,
if you have it, whose duty it is to consider
these legal propositions which are touched in
two particulars : first, the power of Congress
under the Constitution to prohibit the manu-
facture of intoxicating liquors as a beverage;
secondly, the sale of such liquors in the States
or throughout the country where it has juris-
diction.
Now, I think that is the fair scope of the
petitions. If we say that they intend to limit
it simply to the jurisdiction which the Con-
gress of the United States takes over the Ter-
ritories and over the yards and docks, over
the military and naval stations, that is another
matter; but it seems to me that it is broader.
Therefore, Mr. President, I am rather of the
opinion that the subject ought to be referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary as a pri-
mary step.
' Mr. SHERMAN. I am perfectly willing to
accept the amendment of the honorable Sen-
ator from Kansas, if that will dispose of the
matter. The Finance Committee report back
the petitions, and ask to be discharged from
their consideration. It is manifestly a ques-
tion uot for the Committee on Finance, be-
cause we cannot distinguish between an article
imported asa beverage and an article imported
as a medicine. We found ourselves unable
to make any recommendation, except as a
measure to prevent intemperance in the Ter-
ritories, and therefore I think the reference to
the Committee on the District of Columbia,
or the Committee on Territories would be
proper.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Very likely that may be
correct. What the Senator from Maine says
as to the legal aspects of the question is per-
fectly true; and yet every Senator in this
Chamber, whether he be a lawyer or whether
he be a man of business, or whatever he may
be, knows just as well now as he will know
when our report is made—and I think I can
speak for every member of the Committee on
the Judiciary—what our report would be upon
this subject, and what each one of us under-
stands the law to be; and that is that the
United States cannot undertake to regulate
the use of beverages in the States ; it cannot
undertake to regulate the manufacture of bev-
erages in the States, except as a matter for
raising or diminishing its revenues as a ques-
tion of taxation. In that aspect of the ques-
tion, of course it is not a law question ; it is a
business question ; but as a law question the
Senate perfectly well knows that it is totally
out of the scope of the United States to do
anything of that character. Therefore, where
is the use of sending these papers to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary to get a report which
every Senator knows in advance will be adverse
to the object of that part of the petition, and
to be again remitted to the same simple ques-
tion of taxation, so far as importation goes,
and to the question of policy and good morals
applying only to the District of Columbia and
to the Territories? The Committee on the
Judiciary is overburdened already; and it is
useless to send to that committee questions
the answer to which everybody understands
now.
Mr. PATTERSON. Whatever committee
these petitions may be referred to will find
that they involve principles of a general char-
acter. Therefore, I think they ought to go to
the Committee on the Judiciary rather than
to the Committee on the District of Columbia
or to the Committee on Territories. Besides,
the Committee on the District of Colombia
have no more authority over what shall tran-
spire in the Territories than other committees,
and not quite as much. It seems to me, inas-
much as the principles involved are of a gen-
eral character, the matter ought to go to that
committee which considers such questions,
and not to a committee of limited jurisdiction.
Mr. THURMAN. It is very evident that
this is a ticklish subject, and Senators are
afraid to deal with it. Everybody is trying to
shove it off on somebody else. Gentlemen see
that they are between Scylla and Charybdig—
the temperance men on the one side and the
lovers of good liquor on the other. [Laugh-
ter.] I admit it is a'very awkward position,
and I am not without some little trepidation
myself, although I am somewhat equally
balanced, being practically a teetotaler and
yet having so great an admiration for good
wine that I feel perfectly competent to deliver
a fair and impartial judgment in the case, if
we could only find out what is the proper com-
mittee.
Now, sir, it may be said, and with very
great force, that the Committee on Finance is
the proper committee; and why? Because,
so far as internal revenue is concerned, I
think the chairman of that committee will tell
us that we receive more revenue from spirits
than we do from all other sources put together.
It is manifest that if you stop the use of liquors
as a beverage throughout the whole United
States, you diminish the revenue prodigiously.
It is perfectly clear if you stop the manufac-
ture and importation of liquor as a beverage,
that is, if you stop the drinking of liquor, you
would diminish the revenue amazingly, and it
would require all the financial talent of the
committee, able as it is, to devise some means
of paying the public debt, paying the pensions,
paying the widows and orphans and all those
whose welfare and support are a duty upon
the Government. I do not see, therefore,
looking at this matter in this enlarged view,
that there can be any more appropriate com-
mittee than the Committee on Finance. It
touches the revenue, it touches the payment
of the public debt, the payment of the inter-
est, the payment of pensions, and in fact it
touches our own pay, for where are we to get
the money to pay ourselves if you stop all
liquor-drinking in the country and cannot
raise anything by internal taxes on grog?
[Laughter.]
I think, therefore, Mr. President, we had
better leave this matter just where it is. It is
perfectly clear that if you give it to anybody
eise it will be a gift that they will not receive
kindly, that they will not thank you for it in
the least bit, but on the contrary it will be an
imposition upon them, and if it is to be an
imposition upon anybody, let it be an imposi-
tion where it now rests. I have the utmost
faith in the Committee on Finance that they
will consider this subject financially and spirit-
ually, and every other way in which it ought to
; be considered. I hope, therefore, the Senate
will leave it precisely where it is.
J The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. An-
thony in the chair.) The question is on the
motion to discharge the Committee on Finance
from the further consideration of these peti-
tions and the bill, and to refer them to the
Committee on Territories.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am very much obliged
to the Senate for the vote of thanks, or rather
the vote of confidence they have given us, not
only on a question of finance, but a question
of morals and everything else, and we will do
the best we can.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I do not
understand that the question has been disposed
of. It has merely been voted that the subject
shall not he referred to the Committee on
Territories.
• Mr. EDMUNDS. No; it has been voted
not to discharge the Committee on Finance.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not understand ex-
actly what has been voted.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Only the
amendment has yet been voted upon. And
now being up I desire to say a word on the
subject. If the Senate has expended all its
wit in trying to dodge this question, let us
look at the thing fairly and not attempt to
shirk it. It is clearly a question that is of some
importance as a judicial question, as repre-
sented by the Senator from Maine, and as such
i a question the Committee on the Judiciary are
better qualified to decide it than any other
committee. I trust, after all this effort to
escape from the consideration of the question,
the Senate will soberly consider it and refer it
to that committee.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is
no question on this subject now pending. The
motion was a doubl9 one, to discharge one
committee and refer the subject to another.
That was negatived, and it will require a new
motion to bring it before the Senate.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The amend-
ment was received by the Chair.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The mover
of the motion accepted the amendment, and
then the motion as amended was voted down.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I renew the
motion that the subject be referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That motion
is in order. The Senator from Vermont moves
that the Committee on Finance be discharged
from the further consideration of the petitions
and that they be referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
Mr. CARPENTER. Will the effect of a
vote of the Senate to so refer the subject be
to repeal or take back our vote of confidence
in the Finance Committee? [Laughter.]
Mr. EDMUNDS. Certainly.
Mr. CARPENTER. Then I am opposed
to it. I want to stand by the Committee on
Finance.
Mr. THURMAN. I do not know much
about questions of order; but after the Senate
has refused to discharge the Committee on
Finance, is it in order then to move to dis-
charge them again with a tail to that, to refer
the matter to some other committee?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is a new
proposition and is in order. The-Senate have
refused to discharge the Committee on Finance
and refer the petitions to the Committee on
the Territories. Thft question to discharge the
Committee on Finance and refer the petitions
to the Committee on the Judiciary is a sepa-
rate question.
Mr. THURMAN. My colleague withdrew
all of his motion with regard to a reference
and then simply moved to discharge the Com-
mittee on Finance, and that was the motion
which was voted down.
