1873,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
pending and pressing appropriation bills. Al-
low me to state that this sundry civil bill bas
passed in Committee of the Whole. It has
been reported to the Senate and every amend-
ment concurred in, with a single exeeption,
and upon that the yeas and nays have been
ordered and the call is now pending. Let ug
vote upon that, and I am not aware that there
will be any other amendment of consequence.
Let us get through with the bill in time, and
there will be, in all probability, not only room
for the river and harbor bill, which will not
take very long, but time too for other business.
Mr. STOCKTON. I made a motion 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair thinks
the Senator's five minutes have expired.
Mr. STOCKTON. ' I simply desire to recall
the Chair to the motion I made. I made a
motion to set aside the pending and all prior
orders and to take up the Wyoming bill. I
desire to say that the gentlemen on the other
side have a great advantage over us here in
some instances; that is, they talk in a tone of
voice which we cannot hear one word of. Thus
the poetry of the chairman of the Committee
on Appropriations, the Senator from Califor-
nia, [Mr. Coi.e,] and the beautiful prose of
the Senator from Maine- [Mr. Hamlin] are
equally alike lost over here. It is quite likely
if we could hear it we might reply to it; but
being utterly unable to hear it, we shall have
to wait for to-morrow's Globe to know what
we have to reply to.
Mr. HAMLIN. I want to make one more
quotation from that poem to which I have
already alluded, and it is that which alludes
to music, and the Senator's voice here reminds
rue of it:
"And now suspended was the ploasing din,
Now from a murmur faint it swelled anew
Like the first note of organ heard within
Cathedral aibles ere yet its symphony begin."
[Laughter.]
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from New Jersey
to postpone the appropriation bill for the pur-
pose of considering the Wyoming bill.
Mr. STOCKTON. Under the circum-
stances, I withdraw the motion.
civil appropriation bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill (H. R.
No. 3921) making appropriations for sundry
civil expenses of the Government for the fiscal
year ending June 30, 1874, and for other pur-
poses, is before the Senate ; and the question
is on concurring in the amendment made as in
Committee of the Whole, to insert the follow-
ing clause after line twelve hundred and forty-
four :
To complete improvements of streets and avenues
now in progress opposite and around Government
property. $9X3,497 20: Provided, That all payments
made under these appropriations shall be made only
upon vouchers approved by the officer in charge oi
the public buildings and grounds of the District.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 10, nays 9 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony. Blair. Buckingham,
Caldwell, Cameron, Carpenter, Cole, Colliding,_Cor-
bett. Cragin, Davis, Fenton. Ferry of Mjehiga.ii,
Flanagan, Krclinshuysen, ttoldthwaite, Hamlin,
Harlan. Hill, llowe, Ivelly, Morrill ol \ermont,
do ill—40. _ , _ ,T
NAYS—-Messrs. Iiorewan, Casserly, Cooper, Ham-
ilton of Texas, Hitchcock, Robertson, Saulsbury,
Stevenson, and Wright—y. , _ . „
ABSENT—Messrs. Alcorn, Ames, Layard,Brown-
low, Chandler, Clayton, Edmunds, Icny oi Con-
necticut, Gilbert, Hamilton of Maryland, Johnston,
Lewis, Logan, Machen, Morrill ot Maine, O^orc,
Patterson, Pomeroy, Spencer, bprague, feuiuner,
Tlmrnian, Trumbull, and West—21.
So the amendment was concurred in.
Mr. CONKHNGr. On page 41 of the bill
is an amendment standing in italics touching
the Bureau of Engraving and Printing of the
Treasury Department. It was concurred m
in Committee of the Whole, and the Senate
agreed to it. I move to amend it by adding
at the end of line nine hundred and eighty-
eight these words:
Provided,, That nothing herein shall be held to
add to the elasses of work now done by said Bureau
of Engraving and Printing at Washington.
I have shown the amendment to the chair-
man of the Committee on Finance [Mr. Sher-
man] and my honorable friend from Vermont,
[Mr. Morrill.] It has been considered by
them, and I believe there can be no objection
to it. It simply relieves the original amend-
ment of a possible understanding which is
not designed by those who reported it, and
therefore I suppose there will be no objection
to the adoption of this proviso.
Mr. COLE. I think there is objection to its
adoption. The very object of the construction
of this building is that the printing of the Gov-
ernment may be done in the Department of
the Treasury. The proposition of the Senator
from New York would come very well next
year. This, building will not be occupied or
constructed before that time. It certainly will
not interfere with the printing that is now done
in Philadelphia, New York, or anywhere else
until next year, and I think the proposition can
be discussed at that time whether some of it
ought to be done elsewhere than here.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I do not
think there will be any objection to this. It
cannot be possible that we propose to establish
a great printing and engraving bureau here
at Washington. It is only to do the business
that is found to be absolutely indispensable at
the Treasury Department. I do not think there
is any disposition on the part of the Treasury
Department to magnify their office, and I am
quite willing, so far as I am concerned, that
"they should be confined within their present
limits.
Mr.- COLE. That great Printing and En-
graving Bureau is precisely what we have now
and what we are providing for by this appro-
priation. We propose to erect a building two
hundred and fifty feet long by seventy-six feet
in width, for the accommodation of precisely
that large bureau. I suppose while we have
paper money and stamps* of various kinds, it
will be necessary to keep up such an estab-
lishment. While we collect the revenue by
stamps, they will have to be printed ; and it is
more economical, in my judgment, to have it
done by the Government in the Department
than to have it done outside.
Mr. CONKLING. My friend from Cali-
fornia has a very faithful; although somewhat
chronic and uniform, way of objecting.to every-
thing which interferes in any way with what
he has proposed ; and therefore I wish to at-
tribute his present attitude to that habit, be-
cause I have denied strongly, when I have been
told that underneath these words is covered up
a scheme to draw into one general receptacle
all of the printing and engraving and to strike
down those checks which experience has estab-
lished by locating one process in one place and
another process in another place in order that
the very separation of them might lead to
security—I have denied that that was the
design. I shall feel warranted in stiil denying
it, because I think from the zeal and habit of
my friend in vindicating precisely what he
reports comes his objection, rather than from
any design on his part to promote this pro-
posed scheme.'
I am quite confident from having talked
with the chairman of the Committee on Fi-
nance and the Senator from Vermont, this
subject having been considered by that com-
, mittee, that the whole purpose of this amend
I ruent was to provide a place where, taken out
j of the Treasury building where it is inconven-
| ient and damaging, the present work might
J go on. Therefore I have offered words simply
to define that meaning, simply to relieve this
from the appearance or the supposed appear-
ance that it has worn to some persons outside
who looking on have called my attention to
this'daflgef.; '-And f heps my hanorable friend
from California will ttot undertake to commit
the'Senate at this tiuie to restoring-what used
to be here once, enlarged and improved,1 and
having all notes and every valuable security
liable to be counterfeited: to-be stamped if by
one process and committing the whole thing to
one man, whoever he may be, and to the raed
that he employs. It is safe now; and wh&W
ever the time conies that we -want to change it
let us take it up anc! do it knowing whaitwe
are doing, and not be drawn into it fey an
item in an appropriatifen- bill whicb nobody
supposed to mean this, Which is not intended
to mean this, and which1 my friend gives the
caste to that he doesb5 makingthis objectiofl.
Mr. OOLE. The Senator has not been;in*
terrogated on this subject by me, norhas he
expressed his views^upcai it to me; nor did I
know that he had to any'other'person." I sup-
posed, however^ that the object was to-* Con-
tinue the present system of printing in part
the United States notes and bank notes in
some other place than<the Treasury Depart-
ment, in order, as is stated by the Senator,
that a proportion of the work may1 be done in
one place outside of the Treasury Department
and another portion in the Treasury Depart-
ment, and in that Jway, as is urged, avoid the
possibility of counterfeiting, the two processes
being separated by two- or three hundred miles.
I suppose it is possible to procure the United
States printing of these notes in the Treasury
Department, and checks and restraints may
be adopted there. ' -
I believe one reason whya portion of the
work is done outside, is because there is not
room now in the present Treasury building;
but that deficiency we hope to correct by the
erection of this large building for all the en-
graving and printing for the_ Government. I
do not want to see a proposition adopted here
which will seem to bind the Government ih
favor of doing a portion of this work at some
place distant from here, in New York city. I
do no't wish to see that done. I believe this is
not the proper place to have that matter settled
and I hope it may not be on this bill.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I hope the amend-
ment will be adopted. I can see no objection
to it and I am perfectly satisfied that no busi-
ness like this can be transacted unless we have
all the checks which are necessary taiptesvfent
fraud.
Mr. BAYAKD. I cannot imagine why this
amendment should not be adopted. It- is one
of those palpably necessary things that should
commend -Jjbemselves at once. When, the
country has been' committed to a . system of
stamping paper which has no value as money
and which derives its entire currency- a&d
credibility by its mere authenticity and not at
all by its value, it is necessary that thereshould
be every reasonable check placed upon the
possibility of currency bring issued .which- is
not actually verified b.y the proper officers of
the Government. The great danger of the
absence of monfey of intrinsic value in circula-
tion is the facility of counterfeiting. While
you have money in the shape: of actual coin,
which you can test by acids, by weight, and
by other methods, counterfeiting can be
arrested ; but when yon come to the printing
of paper, the mere juxtapositioa of lampblack
and rags, then you, do need every ebeck- Unit
is possible tor the purpose of preventing fraud
being perpetrated upon the public.
If, therefore, this amendment shall look to a
continued separation of the processes, or the
partial processes through which this paper cur-
rency must go before it is delivered to the pub-
lic, and those partial processes, being completed
at different points, shall establish checks upon
the possibility of its getting into use without
due authority, do not let us neglect anything
that can tend to that greater security, I be-
lieve the amendment to be wise. 1 gave it
elsewhere as I gave it here, my support, believ-
