2080
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
ing that the building in which this paper is now
printed is actually, injured by the vibration and
perturbation caused by the presence thefe of
printing machinery and steam-engines. They
ought to be out. But at the same time, when
we give that advantage, let not the public lose
the. other of the additional security to them by
having different processes performed at differ-
ent points.
Mr. SHERMAN. Notwithstanding the
astuteness of my friend from California, I
cannot see any objection to this amendment.
The purpose of the- Committee on Finance
Was simply to provide a place where all the
work that is now authorized to be done by law
in the- TeeasUry Department may be done in a
separate builditig* Uppn that question we
weee unanimous and clear that the present
printing operations going on at the Treasury
Department should not be continued there,
that they were injurious to the building and
should be continued elsewhere. The amend-
ment ®f the Senator from New ¥ork does not
change! that in the least. If, by the law now,
any kind of engraving can be done in the
Treasury Department, then by the new law
the same kind of work can be done in the new
department of engraving and printing.
If Senators suppose this amendment will do
any great good, I think they will be mistaken ;
but 1 see no harm in it. As a matter of pru-
dence, in my judgment, the work of engraving
a bank bill ought not to be done in one estab-
lishment or in one building or in one place or
by the same people. The greater number of
persons you haye whose work is necessary to
contribute to the completion of a perfect bill,
as a matter of course the greater safeguards
you have against counterfeiting.
But this proposition to build a . new printing
establishment does not at all change the law
in that particular or affect it in the slightest
degree. Therefore I see no objection to the
amendment, and I see no great good in it. It
is not a matter of much moment at all.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from New
York.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am directed by the
Committee on Finance to report an amend-
ment to this bill, to come in at the end, pro-
viding for Assistant Treasurers in the cities
of Chicago and Cincinnati. The amount of
money now collected and deposited there,
being mostly internal revenue receipts, amounts
to $20,000,000 in each city; consequently, the
receipts and disbursements in each of these
cities amount to over $40,000,000 a year.
The Secretary of the Treasury urges the es-
tablishment of sub-Treasuries in both these
cities on the same principle adopted at the
last Congress in regard to the city of Balti more.
The increased cost in each city will be $5,000
a year; and the increased secnrity may amount
to hundreds of thousands of dollars. The
amount of deposits of one of these depositories
averages from four to six millions constantly.
It is therefore deemed important to the public
service that there should be independent offi-
cers other than the collectors of customs in
these cities. The Committee on Finance have
instructed me to report this amendment to this
bill, and I send up the letter of the Secretary
of the Treasury to accompany the amendment.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment, as
follows:
Sue. —. That there shall be appointed an Assist-
ant Treasurer of the United States, to be located in
the city of Cincinnati, in the State of Ohio, and one
to be located in the city of Chicago, in the State of
Illinois; and such Assistant Treasurers shall be ap-
pointed in like manner, for like time, and be sub-
ject to all the provisions of law to which the other
Assistant Treasurers of the United States are subject.
Sec. —. That there shall be prepared within the
custom-house of the city of Cincinnati, in the State
of Ohio, and within the custom-house to be erected
in the city of Chicago, in the State of Illinois, suitable
and convenient rooms for tho use of the Assistant
i'roasuiors heroin authorized, and sufficient and se-
cure fire-proof vaults and safes for the safekeeping of
thepublic moneys collected and deposited with them;
and tho said Assistant Treasurers shall have the cus-
tody and oare of said rooms, vaults, and safes, re-
spectively, and of such other rooms, vaults, andsafes
as.may be temporarily assigned to them, or either of
them, by the Secretary of the Treasury, and of the
publiomoneys deposited therein; and they shallper-
forrn all the duties required to be performed by other
United States Assistant Treasurers in referenco to the
receipt, safe-keeping, transfer, and disbursement of
such moneys: Provided, That the rooms, vaults, and
safes now used by the United States designated de-
positaries at Cincinnati, Ohio, and Chicago, Illinois,
shall be set apart for the purposes named in this
section, as far and as long as they may be applicable
and convenient.
Sec.—. That upon the appointment and qualifi-
cation of said Assistant Treasurers the Secretary of
tbe Treasury shall revoko the designations as de-
positaries of the. United States of the surveyor of
customs at Cincinnati and the collector of customs
at Chicago, and shall direct the transfer of all the
books, accounts, vouchers, property, and public
moneys in the offices of tbe said depositaries to the
offices of the said Assistant Treasurers, respectively.
Sec.—. That the Assistant Treasurers authorized
by this act to be appointed shall receive a salary pf
$5,000 eaoh per annum, to be paid quarter yearly at
the Treasury of the United States, whioh shall be in
full for all their services; and a sufficient amount
to pay said salary until June 30th, 1874, is hereby
appropriated.
Seo. —. That the Assistant Treasurers herein pro-
vided for. may, with the approval of the Secretary of
the Treasury, appoint the same number of clerks and
messengers in their respective offioes, and at th e same
compensation as is now provided by' law for tho
offioes of tho United States depositaries at Cincin-
nati and Chicago respectively; and all unexpended
balances of money heretofore appropriated, or that
may hereafter be appropriated, for the payment of
the clerks and messengers in the office of said de-
positaries, shall bo applied to tho payment of the
clorks and messengers appointod in tho offices of tho
Assistant Treasurers created by this act.
Sec.—. Thatthereshall be appropriated and paid,
out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise ap-
propriated, the sum of $5,000. to bo expended under
the direction of the Secretary of the Treasury, in
such repairs and additions as may be necessary to
put in good condition, for immodiatouse, tho offioes,'
rooms, vaults, and safes herein mentioned, orsuch
others as may be temporarily assigned to the Assist-
ant Treasurer at Chicago, Illinois, and in the pur-
chase of any necessary additional furniture and
fixtures, and in defraying any other incidental ex-
penses necessary to carry this act into effect.
Mr. COLE. I feel obliged to object to that
amendment as beiug a legislative provision,
and not relating directly to any appropriation
in the bill; ana I will remark here that I pre-
sume it may be a meritorious proposition and
one that will meet with favor eventually, but
it ought not to pass at this time, for the reason
that it makes provision for fitting up offices
for many offlceis who will be provided for in
the new buildings that are in process of erec-
tion, and by the time they are completed we
shall have obviated the necessity of fitting up
establishments for them specially.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Tho Chair will
state to the Senator that if he makes tlie point
of order against the amendment its merits are
not subject to debate.
Mr. COLE. I raise the point of order. I
wish to remark, too, that if it goes on the bill
there is nothing in the way of the whole Cal-
endar going on the bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. While the Sen-
ator from Ohio was speaking the Cbair was
examining the bill, and he finds under the head
of "Treasury Department" some four pages
in regard to life-saving stations, revenue-cutter
service, and marine hospital service, and
toward the last part of the bill several pages
in regard to public buildings under the Treas-
ury Department. He does not see, however,
that this amendment directly relates to any
appropriation contained in the bill; but per-
haps the Senator from Ohio can state. It
certainly does not come in at the end of the
bill. It would not be in order there.
Mr. SHERMAN. My impression is that
this is an amendment in order to this bill,
because it provides a mode of preserving the
public moneys. I do not know whether there
is an appropriation for the depositaries in this
bill.
Mr. COLE. No; it is in the legislative bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. I appeal to the Senate
on another ground. I am not sure whether
there is any appropriation regulating deposit-
aries in this bill. It would be in order as an
amendment to the deficiency bill clearly.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Then it might
be reserved for that bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. It will Qceupy less time
now because on the letter of the Secretary of
the Treasury I do not suppose any Senator
will oppose it. The amount of $5,000 appro-
priated for furniture at Chicago is the only
appropriation contained-in the amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If the point of
order is withdrawn 
Mr. COLE. I will not withdraw the point
of order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Then the Chair
thinks it is not in order under the rule, which
says that legislative provisions must directly
relate to some appropriation contained in the
bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then I give notice that
I will offer it to the deficiency bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
giving that notice, it will be referred to the
Committee on Appropriations as an amend-
ment to the deficiency bill.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. Yesterday, while the
Senate was in session as in Committee of the
Whole, I offered an amendment to this bill to
appropriate $50,000 forthe repairs of the navy-
yard at New London, instead of $5,000, in line
thirteen hundred and three. Objections were
made on the ground that the appropriation had
not been recommended by any committee of
this body, and that notwithstanding several
appropriations in the bill, both before and
after, had been raised without any such recom-
mendation. The point was well taken, and I
cannot object to it ; but I believe it will b.e in
order now to offer the same amendment on the
ground that it is recommended by the Navy
Department, provided there shall be unani-
mous consent, and I ask the Senate now to
give unanimous consent that I may offer that
amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Connecticut asks unanimous consent to
offer the amendment he has indicated.
Mr. COLE. I must object.
clerks op committees.
Mr. CARPENTER. I ask unanimous con-
sent to pass the usual resolutions continuing
the power of the Contingent Expenses Comit-
tee and also paying the expenses of clerks of
committees. I report them from the Commit-
tee on Contingent Expenses.
By unanimous consent following the reso-
lutions were considered as in the Committee
of the Whole, reported to the Senate, read
the third time, and passed:
Resolved. That the Secretary of the Senate be,
and he is hereby, authorized and directed to pay tho
clerks of the several standing committees of tho
Senate their usual per diem compensation from the
1st to tho 31st day of March inclusive..
contingent expenses committek.
The following resolution, reported by Mr.
Caupenteii, was considered by unanimous
consent and agreed to :
Resolved, That the Committee to Audit and Con-
trol the Contingent Expenses of the Senate have
leave to sit during the recess of Congress.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state that there will be a session of the Senate
immediately on the expiration of this session.
Mr. CARPENTER. That, however, will
be in the recess of Congress.
presidential approvals.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. O. E. Babcock, his Secretary,
announced that the President had on the 28th
ultimo, approved and signed an act (S. No.
530) to provide for the disposition of that
portion of the military reservation at Fort
Ripley, Minnesota, which lies east of the
Mississippi river.
The message also announced that the Presi-
