1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2021
dent had this day approved and signed the
following acts:
An act (S. No. 1321) for the relief of Ben-
jamin H. Campbell, marshal of the United
States, for the northern district of Illinois ;
An act (S. No. 1645) to provide for the
expenses of the investigation of alleged
frauds in the recent senatorial election in
Kansas; and
An act (S. No. 1439) to transfer the control
of certain powers and duties in relation to the
Territories, to the Department of the Interior.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPHEnsoN,itsClerk, announced
that the House had passed the bill (S. No.
1539) to remove the political disabilities
of James D. Halyburton, of Virginia, and
Thomas G. Williams, of San Antonio, in the
State of Texas.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the bill (S. No. 1108) forthe relief
of George R. Wilson, with an amendment, in
which it requested the concurrence of the
Senate.
The message further announced that the
House had agreed to the amendments of the
Senate to the bill (H. R. No. 3730) to remove
the political disabilities of Daniel C. DeJar-
nette, of Virginia.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the following resolution in which
it requested the concurrence of the Senate.
Resolved by the Howie of Representatives, (tho Sen-
ate concurring,) That the sixteenth and seventh
joint rules be suspended for tho remainder of the
session.
The message also announced that the House
had passed a resolution for the printing of the
testimony taken before the committee of in-
vestigation of which Mr. Luke P. Poland, of
Vermont, was chairman, with the report of
said committee.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message also announced that the
Speaker of the House had signed the follow-
ing enrolled bills, and they were thereupon
signed by the Vice President:
A bill (H. R. No. 1068) granting a pension
to Martha B. Williams;
A bill (H. R. No. 3878) for the relief of
Mrs. Louisa Eldis;
A bill (H. R. No. 3783) for the relief of
Captain Charles McClure ;
A bill (H. R. No. 3166) for the relief of
William Bayne, trustee, &c.;
A bill (H. R. No. 3877) for the relief of
Anna E. Peale;
■ A bill (H. R. No. 2659) for the relief of
Amherst H. Wilder;
A bill (H. R. No. 290-2) for the relief of
the estates of Abel Gilbert and William Ger-
rish, late copartners in business under the style
of Gilbert and Gerrish ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1907) to make San Diego,
in the State of California, a port of entry;
A bill (H. R. No. 4054) relating to the frac-
tional parts of a barrel containing fermented
liquors ;
A bill (H. R. No. 2747) providing for the
completion of the military road from Santa F6
to Taos, in the Territory of New Mexico;
A bill (H. R. No. 2399) granting a pension
to Ada H. McDonald ;
A bill (H. R. No. 2553) granting a pension
to John Condlin ; and
A bill (H. R. No. 3730) to remove the polit-
ical disabilities of Daniel C. DeJarnette, of
Virginia.
SUSPENSION OS" RULES.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The House of
Representatives has sent to the Senate a con-
current resolution suspending for the remain-
der of the session the sixteenth and seven-
teenth joint rules, being the rules forbidding
the transmission of bills from one House to
the other or to the President during the last
three days of a session. The Chair lays before
the Senate the House resolution.
Mr. HAMLIN. I move that the Senate
concur in the resolution.
The motion was agreed to.
SENATE PAGES.
Mr. PERRY, of Michigan, submitted the
following resolution; which was considered
by unanimous consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Senate be,
and he is hereby, authorized and directed to pay
the pages of the Senate their usual per diem com-
pensation from the 1st to the 31st day of March
inclusive.
CIVIL APPROPRIATION BILL.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
bill (H. R. No. 3921) making appropriations
for sundry civil expenses of the Government
for the fiscal year ending June 30, 1874, and
for other purposes.
Mr. SAWYER. I offer the following amend-
ment from the Committee on the District of
Columbia, after line ten hundred and forty-
nine, to insert:
To reimburse the eity of Washington for improve-
ment of the avenues of said city, and for work done
thereon not chargeable against owners of private
property, nor included in appropriations heretofore
made, $1,606,662 30; and this appropriation shall be
available on and after the passage of this act, and
shall be subject to the draft of the Board of Public
Works, uponthe certificate of the engineerin charge
of public buildings and grounds as to the amount of
work done and prices paid.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from South
Carolina.
Mr. SAWYER called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. I move to
amend the amendment by cutting down the
amount one half, making the appropriation in
round numbers $800,000.
Mr. MORRILL, ot' Maine. I had risen for
a similar purpose, to propose a reduction of
the amount to $1,000,090, striking out the
excess. I would make that suggestion to the
Senator from Michigan while he is on his feet.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. That would be
a difference of $200,000 in excess of my
amendment. I will state the reason why
I move the amendment. This matter has
been before the Committee on the District of
Columbia, of which I have the honor to be a
member, and the reason given for the appro-
priation is that the avenues of the city are so
wide, so much wider than the streets, and that
the fee of the avenues being in the general
Government, Congress ought to pay all the
expenditures incurred in their improvement.
1 am aware that the avenues are double the
width of the streets, and it is precisely upon
that principle that I move the amendment to
cut down the amount substantially one half.
If the avenues were of equal width with the
streets, then the general principle would pre-
vail of the adjacent property paying its third
and the'city at large providing for the remain^
ing two thirds.
1 remember well when the proposition was
before the Senate, just before the holiday
recess, to appropriate a million and over of
money for improvements in the city, Congress
very justly and generously acceded to that
request and made that appropriation ; but in
the course of the debate it was stated that the
principle upon which the proportion of the
Federal Government was arrived at was based
on the purchase price of the property of the
Government, whatever the price was at the
period of purchase, which certainly was a very
liberal mode of fixing the valuation of Govern-
ment property npon which estimate ofpro rata
expenditure for the Government to pay was
made, while for District and individual prop-
erty a valuation far below its present worth
was made the basis of assessment, and there-
fore most favorably to the local iuterest.
I voted cheerfully for that, and when the
proposition was made a few moments since by
the Senator from South Carolina to add to
this, notwithstanding the declaration in the
earlier debate that the million and over was
all that would be asked for, I voted-with him.
I also remember, if my recollection serves, me
correctly, that in reply to a question thett put
whether there would be other demands for in-
creased appropriations, it was stated that that
covered the whole amount, aud was all, or
substantially all. that was claimed. • -
Now, we have first a proposition in this bill
to add to that amount $900,000 or thereabouts,
to meet what are said to be expenses incurred
by the old corporation. In committee—and it
is making no unwarrantable disclosure of what
transpired in committee, fori reserved the
right there to oppose part of the proposed
appropriation—I objected to the assumption
by the Government of the whole amount
asked. Here in the Senate I have voted for
that first amount of $900,000. On the yeas
and nays my name will appear for it. Bat
when this second additional proposition comes
in to compel the Treasury of the United
States to pay for the expenditures on all the
avenues of this city againstformer disclaimers,
and in face of the fact that not only the
public at large bat the resident citizens
have free access to the avenues, I cannot .sap-
port this proposition, involving $1,600,000
more. I think the just theory is to assess the
Government the expenditures incurred for
one half the avenues in consequence of their
double width as compared with the streets,
and the remaining part of the expenditure
treats as all other street improvements are pro-
vided for.
That would apply to the avenues the same
principle on which the streets are improved,
to wit: one third by the citizens or Government
as abutting ownership may be, and two thirds
by the city at large. Do that, and the one
half of the amount asked for, namely, $800,-
000, I will vote to be paid by the Federal
Government.
I remember in connection with the discus-
sion here on the appropriation of a million
and over passed before the recess that where
ever the Government owned property upon
both sides of streets that were improved the
Government paid the whole expense. Now it
is proposed to require the Government to pay
also the whole amount of the expenditure oa
the avenues. While I am willing not only to
be just but generous in the expenditures con-
nected with the improvement of this city, I
think it is unfair to the Treasury and. unjast
to the interests of the people, especially at the
current low ebb of our Treasury, that we
should be compelled to pay the whole of the
expenditures on these wide avenues because
this is the capital of the nation.
It is said, on the other hand, that a large
proportion of the city property belongs to the
Government, and largely enhanced in value
by the improvements made at the capital;
certainly fifty-four per cent., as I understand,
is that proportion. At the same time the city
itself would be dwarfed in its proportions and
prosperity if the capital were not located here.
It requires but little reflection to concede that.
The discussion when the proposition of remov-
ing the capital was before Congress illustrated
that.
Forcibly we then felt how vital it was to
the interests of Washington that the capital
should remain here. There is no disposition
expressed to remove the capital. I think that
question is substantially at rest, and yet if the
friends of this measure desire to reopen that
question, no better method can be employed
than by asking the people at large to defray
expenditures incurred here of the character
of the one proposed by the Senator from South
Carolina.
I have asked that this appropriation be cut
down one half to bring your avenues in a pro-
portional estimate to the same width as your
streets, and thus allow them to go upon the
like principle which regulates your street
