1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1061
By Mr. PACKARD: The petition of Hon.
A. Teegarden and many others, citizens of
La Porte, Indiana, asking an appropriation for
the improvement of the harbor at Toledo,
Ohio.
Also, the petition of John P. Kirby and
many others, citizens of South Bend, Indiana,
asking an appropriation for the improvement
of the harbor at Toledo, Ohio.
By Mr. PERRY: The petition of national
banks in the city of Albany, New York, justify-
ing the movement for the removal of bank
By Mr. PETERS: The petition of the
assessors and others, of Bangor, Maine, to
allow municipal taxation of goods in bond.
Also, the petition of banks in Maine, for
removal of national bank taxes.
By Mr. POLAND< The petition of banks,
praying a modification of laws taxing banks.
By Mr. SWANN: The memorial of Sara J.
Alsop, great granddaughter and heir, and for
the coheirs of Thomas Jenkins, deceased,
praying relief.
By Mr. VOORHEES: The petition of citi-
zens of the Cherokee nation, requesting the
survey of their lands.
By Mr. WINCHESTER: The petition of
banks of Louisville, Kentucky, justifying the
movement for the removal of bank taxes.
post route bills.
The following notices for leave to introduce
bills were given under the rules :
By Mr. MERRIAM: Bills establishing a
post road from Cold Brook to Gray, New
York; also, from Little Palls, via Eatonville
and Middleville, to Fairfield, New York;
also, from Martinsburg, via East Martinsburg,
to Watson, New York; and also, from Glen-
dale to Chase's Lake, New York.
By Mr. TERRY : A bill to establish a post
route from Hansonville to Nickelsville, in
Virginia
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, February 4, 1873.
Prayer by Rev. S. H. Hall, of New York.
The Secretary proceeded to read the Journal
of yesterday's proceedings.
Mr. COLE. With the hope of getting along
with business, I move that the further reading
of the minutes be dispensed with.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from California asks unanimous consent that
the reading of the Journal be dispensed with.
Mr. DAVIS. I object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from West Virginia objects, and the reading
will proceed.
The Secretary resumed and concluded the
reading of the Journal of yesterday's proceed-
ings.
cowan and dickinson.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate the amendment of the House of Rep-
resentatives to the bill (S. No. 96) for the
relief of Cowan & Dickinson, of Knpxville,
Tennessee.
The amendment of the House of Represent-
atives was in lines four and five, to strike out
$64,128 and to insert $44,889 60.
On motion of Mr. COOPER, it was
Rcxohed, That the Senate non-concur in tbe
amendment of the House to said bill, and ask a con-
ference on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
thereon.
By unanimous consent, it was
Otdered, That the conferees oil the part of the
Senate be appointed by the Vice President.
Messrs. Cooper, Howe, and Pratt were
appointed the conferees on the part ot the
Senate.
colonel jambs f. jaques
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
also lay before the Senate the amendment of
the House of Representatives to the bill. (S.
No. 89) authorizing the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to settle and pay the accounts of Colonel
James P. Jaques. The Chair thinks this bill
was reported by the Senator from Iowa, cot
now in his seat, [Mr. Harlan.]
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to have the
amendment reported.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment, which
was to add to the bill the following proviso:
Provided, That the sura so paid shall be in fall
satisfaction for said services and expenditures.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should be very ranch
in favor of that amendment. Is there a dis-
agreement aboul that?
The VICE PRESIDENT. No ; this is the
amendment of the House of Representatives
to the bill.
Mr. WRIGHT. I suppose there will be no
objection to concurring in that amendment.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should certainly be in
favor of it, although I do not suppose it would
amount to anything.
The amendment was concurred in.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Represent-
atives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, an-
nounced that the House hadpassed the follow-
ing bills; in which it requested the concurrence
of the Senate:
. A bill (H. R. No. 3790) to remove the
political disabilities of John V. Wright, of
Tennessee;
A bill (H. R. No. 3789) authorizing the
Secretary of the Treasury to refund the differ-
ential duty on articles actually on shipboard
in French vessels destined for the United
States on the 5th of November, 1872; and
A bill (H. R. No. 3792) to divide the State
of Ohio into three judicial districts, and for
other purposes.
The message also announced that the House
had concurred in the amendment of the Senate
to the bill (H. R. No. 3617) making an appro-
priation to defray the expenses of the Ameri-
can and British claims commission.
duties on agricultural implements.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I ask for the reading by
the Clerk of a correspondence between the
legation of the United States at Paris and the
Government of the United States in rslation
to the duties upon agricultural implements,
and I shall move, after its reading, that it be
referred to the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Legation of the United States,
Paris, December 30, 1872.
Sir: Referring to your dispatch No. 148, of Octo-
bers, upon the subjcct of the duties imposed in
France upon agricultural implements manufactured
in the United States, I have the honor to forward
to you herewith a translation of a letter I have re-
ceived from M. de Remusat in answer to my letter
of October 22 to him upon the subject.
1 have the honor to be, very respectfully, your
obedient servant, „
WICKIIAM HOFFMAN.
Hon. Hamilton Fish, Secretary of Stale.
Versailles, December 28, 1873.
Sir: By the letter which you did me the honor to
write on the 22d October last you informed me that
the manufacturers of agricultural implements in
the United States have complained to the Federal
Government that their manufactures are subjected
in France to a higher duty than similar articles
manufactured in England. At the time you ex-
pressed the wish to be informed if this difference
really exists, and what is the reason for it. You
asked besides if the new treaty of commerce be-
tween France and Great Britain would modify in
anyway the duties on these articles.
The inequality of which American industry com-
plains arises from the fact that the convention of
October 12,1860, between France and England, stip-
ulated for a special tariff for implements of British
manufacture, while no arrangement of this kind
having been made between France and the United
States, the products of the Union, like those of all
other countries not parties to this contract, are sub-
ject to the duties of our general tariff as fixed by the
Jaw of April 18,1857.
As regards the disposition of the new treaty of
commerce between France and Great Britain, they
make no changes in tbe tariff on agricultural im-
plements constructed exclusively of brass, iron, and
steel. Those in whose construction there enters
either wood or copper will pay in addition to the
duties they now pay a tax corresponding to the du-
ties imposed upon undressed ("out") wood or oil
raw copper, by the law of the 26th July last.
1 have the honor, sir, to communicate to you these
explanations and information, to obtain which my
department has been obliged to communicate with
the ministry of finances.
Receive, sir, &c„ DE REMUSAT.
Mr. Wickham Hoffman,
Charae d'Affaires of the United Mates, Pari*. ;
Mr. SPRAGUE. On further consideration,
I move that the communication be referred to
the Committee on Finance.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be so
referred. Does the Senator desire to have it
printed?
Mr. SPRAGUE, Yes, sir.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That order will
be made.
executive communication.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate a letter of the Secretary of the Inte-
rior, transmitting a report of the superintend-
ent of the Yellowstone National Park for the
year 1872; which was ordered to lie on the
table, and be printed
petitions and memorials.
Mr. WILSON. I present a memorial,
signed by seven thousand seamen of more
than one hundred and sixty vessels, cordially
indorsing the act of 7th of June, 1872, for the
appointment of commissioners by the several
circuit courts of the United States to superin-
tend the shipping and discharge of seamen
engaged in merchant ships belonging to the
United States and for the further protection
of seamen. I move its reference to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENSON presented the petition
of James Buell and others, bankers in Louis-
ville, Kentucky, asking a modification of the
taxes on national banks or their entire abro-
gation ; which was referred to the Committee
on Finance.
He also presented the petition of D. W.
Claywell, of Cumberland county, Kentucky,
praying compensation for property taken by
the Government of the United States during
the late war ; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Claims.
He also presented the petition of the heirs
of the late James A. Magruder, praying to be
indemnified for spoliations committed by the
French prior to the year 1801; which was
ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. CHANDLER presented a petition of
citizens of New York, praying for the repeal
of the bankrupt law; which was ordered to
lie on the table.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
Michigan, late soldiers in the United States
Army, praying the passage of the bounty land
bill; which was referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
Mr. RAMSEY presented the petition of
E. S. Zevely, praying to be reimbursed for
losses sustained by him in the Post Office
and Interior Departments; which was referred
to the Committee on Claims.
He also presented a memorial of citizens of
New York, remonstrating against the repeal
of the bankrupt law; which was ordered to lie
on the table.
Mr. WINDOM presented the petition of
Joseph Nock, a citizen of the District of Co-
lumbia, praying compensation for the use by
the Government of his patent hinge for ink-
stand covers; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Patents.
Mr. CLAYTON presented a petition of at-
torneys-at-law of Arkansas, asking for ah
enlargement of the eastern judicial district of
the United States in that State; which was
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. COOPER presented the petition of eight
national banks of Memphis, Tennessee, asking
a modification of the taxes on national banks
