1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
97
May 15, 18o6 ; which was read twice by its
title, referred to the Committee on Public
Lands, and ordered to be printed.
globes for senate library.
Mr. ANTHONY submitted the following
order; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to :
Ordered, That from and after the passage of this
resolution the superintendent of the folding-room
deliver t<> the Secretary of the Senate ten sets of the
Congressional Globe of each session of Congress, for
use in the Senate Library.
election' of president and senators.
Mr. COLE submitted the following resolu-
tion ; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Ii^-olted, That the Committee on the Judiciary
be directed to inquire into the expediency of so
amending the Constitution of^ the United States as
to provide for the election of President and Vice
President by direct vote of the people of the United
States, and with out the intervention of the Electoral
0>llege: also, for the election of Senators of the
Cnited States by a direct vote of the people of the
several States; and, if deemed expedient, that they
report such amendments to the Senate.
elevator in the senate wing.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN submitted the
following resolution ; which was considered
by unanimous consent, and agreed to :
R- - .'rfrf.That the Committee on Public Buildings
and Grounds be directed to inquire into the pro-
priety of the construction of an elevator or lift in
the senate wing of the Capitol.
bed of beaver lake.
Mr. PRATT. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of the resolution
which I offered yesterday, "thatthe conferees
on the part of the Senate on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on Senate bill No.
016. to release to the State of Indiana the
lands known as the bed of Beaver Lake, in
Newton county, in said State, appointed at the
last session, and who failed to make report,
be. and the same are hereby, reappointed."
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair re-
grets to state to the Senator from Indiana
that the clock admonishes him that the morn-
ing hour has expired, and the Calendar is at
this moment before the Senate.
Mr. PRATT. This resolntion was laid oyer
yesterday at the request of the Senator from
Kansas, [Mr. Pouerot.] I do not see him in
his seat now. He was very anxious lest the
Senate should depart from the ancient ways;
but I trust, after a night's deliberation, be has
satisfied himself that the interests of the coun-
try willuotbeimperiled if this resolution should
pass. I am sincerely desirous that it shonid
be acted upon, so that the committee may pro-
ceed to their work.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution
will probably elicit some debate on parliament-
ary law, from the indications yesterday, and
the Senator may attain his object by moving
to suspend the order known as the Anthony
rule, and if that shonid carry, then moving to
proceed to the consideration of this resolu-
tion for debate.
Mr. PRATT. Very well; I move then to
suspend the regular order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The regular
order is the consideration of unobjected bills
on the Calendar, pending which the Senator
from Indiana moves to snspend that order, so
that he may move to take np for considera-
tion the resolution offered by him yesterday
reviving a conference committee.
Mr. ANTHONY. I have no objection to
the regular order being laid aside for a few
moments for anything that will not consume
debate, but I really think that after having
begun on the Calendar it is hardly fair to sus-
pend the order. If we do not dear the Cal-
endar before the holidays we shall not do it
at all.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Perhaps to-
morrow the Senator from Indiana may be
ab!o in the morning hour to attain his object.
Mr. PRATT. Very well; I withdraw my
motion.
42P CONG. 3D RRSS.—ISo. 7.
remission of taxes on tobacco.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will report, on page 3 of the Calendar, order
of business No. 1(54, being a House private
bill, the first bill in order upon the Calendar
after the point at which the Senate left off
yesterday.
The Chief Clerk. The next bill upon the
Calendar is the bill (H. R. No. 847) for the
relief of Tinsley, Van Horn & Co., Glenn,
Overall & Clark, and J. N. Henderson & Co.,
of Louisiana, Missouri.
The bill was considered as in Committee of
the Whole. It authorizes the Secretary of the
Treasury to investigate the claims of Tinsley,
Van Horn & Co., Glenn, Overall & Clark,
and James N. Henderson & Co., tobacconists,
of the city of Louisiana, Missouri, for the
abatement and remission of certain taxes
assessed against them for the months of Octo-
ber and November, 1867, and to abate and
remit, in whole or in part, as he may think
just, the taxes so assessed against the firm
upon their property destroyed by fire on
the loth day of November, 1867.
The VICE PRESIDENT. An amendment
was reported by the Committee on Finance,
which was agreed to on a former occasion.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I think the
amendment had better be read, and when read
it will be perceived, I think, that there can be
no objection to the bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
will be read.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment here-
tofore agreed to, as follows:
Add to the bill:
Provided, That no abatement or remission of taxes
as aforesaid shall be made or allowed except for taxes
which actually accrued upon tobacco destroyed by
said fire, and which remain due and uncollected.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendment was concurred
in. The amendment was ordered to be en-
grossed and the bill to be read a third time.
The bill was read the third time, and passed.
bear river valley.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 348) to provide for the irrigation of
Bear River valley, in Utah Territory.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is a bill of consid-
erable land importance. I think we shall
hardly have time to consider it this morning.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
passed over.
hnal process.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 268) relating to writs of execution
and other final process in the courts of the
, United States.
• The VICE PRESIDENT. This bill was
reported by the Senator from Illinois, [Mr.
Trumbull,] from the Committee on the Ju-
j diciary, adversely. If there be no objection
; it will be indefinitely postponed,
j Mr. TRUMBULL. That bill, I think, was
} introduced by the Senator from Wisconsin,
i [Mr. Carpenter.]
The VICE PRESIDENT. It was intro-
duced by the Senator from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Scott,] according to the Secretary's record.
Mr. SCOTT. My recollection is that I intro-
duced that bill, and it was incorporated in
another bill reported by the Senator from
Illinois, which passed.
Mr. CARPENTER. Let the bill be re-
ported.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
read.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let it be postponed
unless some one desires to take other action.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Wisconsin has asked for the reading of
the bill. It will be read.
The Chief Clerk read the bill; which pro-
vides that, in addition to the remedies now
provided by law and the practice of the
courts, the courts of the United States shall
have authority to issue writs of execution and
other process for the collection of judgments
and the enforcement of the decrees of those
courts in each State respectively, in the form
in which said pro cess is now issued and en-
forced in the supreme courts of the States
respectively, as fully and effectually, to all
intents, as the supreme courts of the several
States are authorized to issue and execute writs
and process issued by them.
Mr. CARPENTER. That is embodied in
another act.
Mr. SCOTT. It is covered by another act
passed at the last session.
The bill was postponed indefinitely.
stock gambling by officers.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 407) to punish stock gambling by public
officers, and for other purposes.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
olgection the Secretary will read this bill as it
would stand if the amendments reported by
the Committee on the Judiciary were agreed to.
The Chief Clerk read the bill as proposed
to be amended.
Mr. THURMAN. That bill cannot be con-
sidered under the five-minutes rule.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be passed
over, and the Secretary will report the next
bill.
Mr. ANTHONY. If the only objection of
the Senator from Ohio is that he wishes to
speak longer than five minutes, I am sure the
Senate would be glad to hear him at any
length.
Mr. THURMAN. Has the Senator noticed
the scope of that bill, that it refers not simply
to the securities of the United States, but to
a vast mass of securities, indeed to all secur-
ities issued by incorporated companies?
Mr. ANTHONY. That is, it prohibits dis-
bursing officers of the Government from spec-
nlating in any securities or dealing in them.
Mr. THURMAN. That is a very broad
proposition.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senate has
passed from the consideration of the bill un-
less it should be taken up by unanimous con-
sent. The Secretary will report the title of
the next bill on the Calendar.
limitations op prosecutions.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(H. R. No. 188) to extend the time in which
certain offenses may be prosecuted, which was
reported from the Committee on the Judiciary
with an amendment.
The bill was considered as in Committee of
the Whole.
The amendment was to strike out all after
the enacting clause, and in lieu thereof to insert
the following :
That all prosecutions for crimes against the laws
the United States, excepting for treason, murder,
rape, robbery, arson, ^ssault with intent to kill,
snail be commenced within five years next after
the commission of the oifense, and not afterward.
But this limitation shall ceasewhile the person com-
mitting an offense shall have fled from justice, or
shall have evaded judicial process, and the period
Of such flight or evasion shall be deducted in com-
puting such time ef five years. And all acts of Con-
gress inconsistent herewith are hereby repealed in
respect only to offenses hereafter committed, and
proseent ions for all effenses already committed shall
be instituted and conducted in conformity with the
statutes already in force,
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendment was conaurred
in. It was ordered that the amendment fc« fen-
grossed and the bill read a third time. The
bill was read the third time, and passed.
steamship link to mexico. .
The next bill on the Calendar was- the bill
(S. No. 507) to authorize the establishment
of ocean mail steamship service between the
United States and Mexico.
Mr. THURMAN. Let that bill lie over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will
be passed over.
