THE ■ GONGRESSfOWAL GLOBE.
February 4,
oi'lheir entire abrogation; which was referred
10 .the Committee on finance "
REPORTS OP COMMITTEES.
n FERRY, of Connecticut, from the Com;
ifnttfee oil Private Land Claims, to whom was,
refijttsd; the memorial of the Legislature ■ of
California in favor of the • passage of an-.act
for the relief of settlers on the'Suseol rancho,
submittedan adverse report; whic.li was ordered
to., he .printed, and the committee wag dis-
charged from the further consideration of the
ipemorial.
He also, from the Committee Qn Patents
and the Patent Office, to whom was referred
the bill (H. E. No. 2864) for the relief of
John W. Mears, administrator of the estate
of Henry D. Mears, deceased, and of William
Moulton, jr., reported it with an amendment;
and submitted a report, which was ordered to
be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (8. No. 1465) for the
extension of a patent to Alexander Douglass,
of New York, reported it without amendment;
and submitted a report, which was ordered to
be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
wfes referred the bill (S. No. 1471) for thO re-
lief of'Josialh George Jennings, reported it
withdtit amendment ; and submitted a report,
which was ordered to be printed.
He also, frorn the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 3135) for the
relief of Thomas Warker, reported it without
amendment; and submitted a report, which
was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Aaahel G. Bach elder
and Mrs. Alsie M. Thompson, submitted a re-
pfwtj accompanied by a bill (S. No. lSlli) for
the reBef Aqahel Q. Baohelder and Mrs. Alsie
3£, Thompson.
The bill was read and passed to the second
reading, and the report was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. FURRY, of Michigan, from the Com-
mittee on Finance, to whom was referred a
petition of merchants of New York, praying
the enactment of a law to facilitate the dis-
chftrge of cargoes of West India green fruit,
submitted an adverse report, which was or-
dered to be printed ; and the committee was
discharod from the further consideration of
the petition.
Mr. AMES, from the Committee on Finance,
to whom was referred the bill (S. No. 1223)
to amend an act entitled "An act to reduce
internal taxes, and for other purposes,"
approved July 14, 1870, reported adversely
thereon; and tho bill was postponed indefi-
nitely.
He also, from tho same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (8. No. 1284) to amend
an act entitled "An act to reduce internal
taxes, and for other purposes," approved July
14, 1870, reported adversely thereon; and the
biU was-postponed indefinitely.
Mr.PRA.TT, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the bill (H. R, No.
2805) for the relief of J. T. Newcomer, sub-
mitted an adverse report thereon, which was
ordered to be printed; and the bill was post-
poned indefinitely.
Mr. SPRA.GUE, from the Committee on
impropriations, to whom was referred the hill
(H. R. No. 3*552) making appropriations for
the construction, preservation, and repairs of
certain fortifications and other works of de-
fense, reported it with amendments.
Mr. BOREMAN, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred the bill (H. R.
No. 1481) for the relief of John G. Conner"
submitted an adverse report thereon, whielj
was ordered to be printed; and the bill was
postponed indefinitely.
Mr. CAMERON, from the Committee on
Foreign Relations, to whom was referred the
bill (S. No. 047) to encourage and promote
telegraphic communication between America,
Asia, and Europe, reported it with amend-
ments.
Mr. CRAGIN, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to whom was referred the bill (S No.
1224) for the relief of Howard F. Moffat,
reported it with an amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 2872) au-'
thorizing the President to permit Frank M.
Ashton, late second assistant engineer of the
Navy of the United States, to withdraw his
resignation of that office, reported it with an
amendment.
Mr. STOCKTON, from the Committee on
Naval Affairs, to whom was referred the bill
(H. R. No. 3736) for the relief of the officers
and crew of the United States ship Wyoming,
reported it without amendment.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. HILL. I crave leave to introduce a
bill, and I ask, without its reference to any
committee, for its present consideration.
There being no objection, leave was granted
to introduce a bill (S. No. 1520) fixing the
salaries of the President and Vice President
of the United States; and it was read the first
time. It provides that after the 4th of March,
1873, the salary of tho President of the Uni-
ted States shall be $50,000 per annum, and
the salary of the Vice President $10,000 per
annum.
_ The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion to tho present consideration of this bill?
Mr. SHERMAN. It ought to be referred
to some committee. I object to its present
consideration. I have no objection to its
being referred.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It can have but'
one reading to-day uuless it be referred on the
second reading.
Mr. HILL. Let it be referred to the Com-
mittee on Privileges and Elections.
The bill was read the second time, and
referred to the Committee on Privileges and
Elections.
Mr. SHERMAN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1517) to authorize the consolidation of
national banks; which was read twice by its
title, referred to the Committee on Finance,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. EDMUNDS. 1 ask unanimous consent
to introduce a bill without previous notice. I
do not ask that it shall be passed now, but I
wish to have it referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary, for I do not know that I am in
favor of it myself.
By unanimous consent, leave was granted
to introduce a bill (S. No. 1518) to provide
for certain allowances to district judges, and
for other purposes ; which was read twice by
its title, referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. CASSERLY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1519) amendatory of and supplementary
to an act entitled " An act to reduce duties on
imports and to reduce internal taxes, and for
other purposes," approved June 0, 1872;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Finance, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. JOHNSTON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill'
(S. No. 1521) to relieve Daniel Trigg, of
Washington county, Virginia, of his political
disabilities; which was read twice by its title,
and referred to the Select Committee on the
Removal of Political Disabilities.
C. T. BROWN ANT) j. j. S. HASSLER.
Mr. BOREMAN. I should like to have
unanimous consent to consider the bill (S. No.
1504) to authorize the accounting officers of
the Treasury to settle the accounts of Charles
'J* Hassier, late agents for
the Chippewa Indiana of Minnesota, on the
grounds of equity and justice, which was re-
ported yesterday from the Committee on Indian
Mr. EDMUNDS. Letusgo to the Calendar.
disabilities' of john v. weight.
Mr. SPENCER. I ask the indulgence of
the Senate to take up and consider at this
time, without reference to a committee, a bill
that has just come to us from the House of
Representatives. It is a bill (H. R. No. 3790)
for the removal of the political disabilities of
John V. YVright, of Tennessee. _ There are
Senators on the floor who know him and who
can speak of his character.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Alabama asks unanimous consent to take
up a bill for the removal of political disabil-
ities which has just been received from the
House of Representatives. Is there objection?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Yes, sir; it ought to go
to the Committee on the Removal of Political
Disabilities.
Mr. SPENCER. I will say to the Senator
from Vermont that I have consulted with the
members of that committee, and I do not think
there is any objection to the bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection the bill, will be considered as read
the first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on the Removal of Political Disa-
bilities.
Mr. SPENCER. Does the Senator from
Vermont still object?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I have nothing to object
to now. The bill has been referred, and I
have no objection to that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Vermont insists on the reference, and it
requires unanimous consent even to read the
bill a second time to-day. It will be consid-
ered as read the second time, and referred to
the Committee oil the Removal of Political
Disabilities.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The bill (H. R. No. 3789) authorizing the
Secretary of the Treasury to refund the differ-
ential duty on articles actually on shipboard
in French vessels destined for the United
States on the 5th of November, 1872, was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Finance.
The bill (H, R. No. 3792) to divide the
State of Ohio into three judicial districts, and
for other purposes, was read twice by its title,
and referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
THE CALENDAR.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there are no
Senate resolutions, the next business in order
during the remainder of the morning hour is
the Calendar, under the Anthony rule ; but, by
unanimous consent yesterday, the bill in rela-
tion to the Japanese fund, which was passed
over in the temporary absence of the Senator
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Cameron,] was
placed at the head of the Calendar, and is now
to be called up subject to objection. The
Secretary will report its title.
The Chief Ci.ekk. A bill (H. R. No. 2798)
to release the Government of Japan from the
payment of the balance of tbe indemnity fund
remaining unpaid, amounting to §375,000,
under the convention of October 22, 1864.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This bill is be-
fore the Senate subject to objection, under the
Anthony rule.
CHARLES T. BROWN AND J. J. S. HASSLEIt.
Mr. BOREMAN. I rise to renew the
request which I made awhile ago, and to
appeal to my friend from Vermont not to
object to the consideration of Senate bill
No. 1504.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Vermont withdraw his objection to
the consideration of the bill in regard to which
the Senator from West, Virginia is appealing
to him ?
Mr, BOREMAN. It is for the fettlement
ot the accounts of two gentlemen who wcic
