2022
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Marcli 1,
expenditures, and let the Federal Government
pay this OTie.hsrlf, because for the beauty of
the national capital it was deemed wise to
broaden the leading avenues of Washington.
Mr. SAWYER. 1 wish to' eorrfect one im-
pression that the Senator from Michigan has
upon this subject. The calculation upon which
these figures are based does not chargS the
General Government with" the whole expense
of the avenues. It simply charges the General
Government-with two thirds of ttiat expense
in the same way that the city is charged with
two thirds of the expense of the streets.' One
third of the expense of the improvement of the
avenues.has'beeu-assessed on thS abutters in
the saauq way that it has been upon the abut-
ters in the streets. What is now asked is that
the General Government shall step into the
position of. the District government with regard
to the avenues, because these avenues are laid
out as they are in consequence of this being
the national Capitol, because their extreme
length and width is such that for the citizens
of Washington to pay for their'establishment
and maintenance would involve a degree of
taxation that no city with the resources of this
can bear without aid from the Government,
because it is a recognized fact that these ave-
nues have been from the beginning to the
present time, not only under the control of the
General Government without interference by
the municipal government except by special
enactment, but because the General Govern-
ment owps these avenues and can close them
up'at any moment.
Mr. MORTON. Allow me to ask the Sen-
ator this question, for I am not familiar with
the legislation in regard to. this District:
whether the money raised by* the territorial
government here for public works is expended
under the order and direction of the Board of
Public Works created by the President and
the Senate? •
Mr. SAWYER. It is.
Mr. HAMLIN. Limited, however, by the
certificate of the Superintendent of Public
Buildings and Grounds.
Mr. SAWYER. Certainly.
Mr. MORTON. Is he not ex officio a mem-
ber of the board ?
Mr. HAMLIN. No; but he has a super-
visory power over and eontrol of this matter.
Mr. MORTON. What I want to get at is
whether the Board of Public Works, created
by Congress and not by the territorial govern-
ment, has the control and disbursement of
the money of the Territory for improvements.
Mr. HAMLIN. It does; but then super-
added to that these expenditures are also lim-
ited by the approval-of yet one other Officer
of the Government, to wit, the Superintendent
of Public Buildings and Grounds.
Mr. SAWYER. This officer, in whose judg-
ment and skill and economy J believe every
member of this body has the most implicit
confidence, has the measurement of the work
which is done under the direction of the Board
of Public Works, and he mnst be satisfied that
it was faithfully done and done in accordance
with the law, before he will certify in such a
way that it can be paid for.
1 do not propose to occupy the time of the
Senate at length upon this question, but simply
to say that I believe a strictly equitable system
would induce Congress to pay the amount
which has been spent by the old corporation
of Washington and by the Board of Public
Works upon these great avenues where the
extreme width is a feature which would not
exist were they laid out specially for the pur-
poses of the inhabitants, and the city is too
poor to do it without exorbitant taxation.
But I recognize the fact which has been spoken
of by my friend from Michigan, that there has
been a very large drain upon the Treasury for
improvements in Washington at this session
of Congress, and that we are now asking for
the District government a very large sum of
money, and in view of that fact, rather than
prolong this discussion, if the Senator will
consent to modify his amendment so as to
make it a round million dollars, which really is
not half of what has been spent on the avenues,
instead of $800,000, I would accept it and let
it be put in that form.
4>Ir. PERRY, of Michigan. The theory
upon which I base my amendment is strict
justice. Now, sir, the Senator from South
Carolina has stated that the Government,
wherever its property abutted the avenues, has
paid its one third portion or one sixth on
either side. But where it owns both sides I
add it has paid the whole. Therefore the
Government has done more than its part in
common with the citizens of the District.
Now, the reason why I ask the adoption of
my amendment is that it cuts down the proposed
amendment one half in consequence of these
avenues being double the width of the streets.
I agree with the Senator from South,Caro-
lina that it has been by Federal authority that
these wide avenues have been made a part of
the beauty of Washington. The Government
should pay all the expenditure consequent on
that excess of width. It would be unjust to
the municipal authorities and to the citizens
to impose this additional burden upon them
alone. But I repeat that if the avenues were
not any wider than the streets, certainly there
would be no good reason for the adoption of
the amendment proposed by the Senator from
South Carolina.
I do not question at all the fidelity with
which this money has been applied in the ex-
penditures made here. That is not the question
before the Senate. The Senator has alluded
to Chat. I have not spoken of it, neither
here nor in the committee, so far as criticising
it. I understand by what authority it is done,
and I express no lack of confidence in that
authority; but I do not believe it just to the
people of the United States at large that you
should compel them to pay the whole expend-
iture on these avenues because this is the
capital of the nation. Would it not be best to
make it just? Since, however, the Senator
has appealed to me to increase the amount I
propose to a million, I might be disposed to
accede to it upon the principle of generosity ;
certainly not upon simple justice. Equity has
prior rights to generosity, and I feel as though
it were perhaps best to test the sense of the
Senate upon the question of dividing that
large amount between the Federal Govern-
ment and that of Washington, and for that
purpose I call for the yeas and nays upon my
amendment. *
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. MORTON. I think justice ought to be
done. I think we ought to do justice to the
people of this capital. Now, if I understand
the history of this matter correctly, it is about
this: that the local corporation issued their
bonds and sold them for what they coulJ get
for them, in the sum I think of about
$4,000,000, for the purpose of improving the
streets of the city and making public improve-
ments. When we created this territorial gov-
ernment we created a Board of Public Works
entirely independent of the territorial govern-
ment, not to be controlled by that government,
the members of which are appointed by the
President and confirmed by the Senate, and
that Board ofPublic Works has the jurisdic-
tion to control the expenditure of the money
raised by the people of this District. We have
given to that independent board, over which
the people of the District have no control, the
right to make the expenditure of the money
for public works raised by the people of the
District. Do I state it correctly ?
Mr. HAMLIN. You do.
Mr. MORTON. We have thus placed it in
the power of the Board of Public Works to
apply that money to the improvement of these
avenues, and the people of the District have
no power to prevent that application. These
aveuues were laid out as part of the original
plan of this city for the purpose of ornamenta-
tion more than anything else. This city was
not laid out for a business city, for a com-
mercial metropolis ; it was not expected to be
distinguished as a commercial metropolis ; but
the plan upon which it was laid out was in-
tended to make it beautiful and convenient for
a national capital, and these broad avenues that
are like great fields were a part of this plan.
Now, to require the people of this city to
pave th& avenues at their own expense is sim-
ply a monstrous injustice. If they had not
done somethitfg, these avenues would still be
great muddy fields running through the city in
every direction. This Board ofPublic Works
that we created, over which the people of this
District have no power or control, have taken
the money of the people of this District and
applied it to the pavement of the avenues.
Now, I say it is simple justice, a downright
obligation upon us, that the nation shall bear
that expense. I am therefore prepared to
vote for the amendment offered by the Senator
from South Carolina.
Mr. BAYAIiD. This amendment appro-
priates a very large sum of money from the
Federal Treasury to pay for certain improve-
ments upon those streets of the city of Wosh-
ingtoa known as avenues. It has been my
fortune or my misfortune to become in a very
moderate way a property-holder in this city,
simply for the purpose of having a proper
residence for my family here. I make the
statement because I have felt some hesitancy
in regard to voting moneys from the public
Treasury in which it might be supposed I inci-
dentally was interested ; but because in the
performance of my duty I have come here to
reside and have become, as I have said, in a
very moderate way, the owner of real estate
in some degree affected by the improvements
carried on under the law of Congress, I can-
not for that reason withhold either my vote or
my opinion in respect to the expenditure of
public moneys ; and yet nevertheless I desire
my position to be perfectly understood. I
realize it in its fullest sense.
Mr. President, the outlays by the Board of
Public Works are outlays by public officers of
the Federal Government. They were chosen
for their place by the people of this District;
they were nominated by the President, they
were confirmed by the Senate, and their
authority is entirely derived from the'Federal
Government. There is no suggestion of local
control over the operations of these officials.
If therefore they are unwise, if therefore they
are extravagant, if therefore they are corrupt,
the fault lies in those who appointed them,
and certainly the remedy is alone to be applied
by them.
Sir, this plan of improvement, this vast
scale of expensive pavement, exceeding in
cost and extent so far as I am informed that
of any other city in the world—for the distance
over which a carriage may smoothly pass
upon wooden or concrete pavement is greater
to-day in Washington, as I am credibly in-
formed, than in any other city in the world—■
has been carried on in a small town of some
one hundred and twenty thousand people of
whom the vast majority are residents here only
because they are in the employ of the Federal
Government. It is a community of non-
producers ; it is a community entirely of con-
sumers ; it is a community called together at
the behest and for the service of all the people
of the United States. Washington is not a
mere municipality ; Washington is a Federal
depot; Washington is the place where the
business of all the people of this country is to
be done. The Federal authority emanates
from this center ; here its officials come ; and
if there be expenses, whether for the purpose
of the gratification of a very proper national
taste in the embellishment of the town or in
the necessities of the business purpose of the
town, it is done for national purposes far more
than for local benefit.
