1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
There is an ill-defined idea that there was
an arrangement at sometime between the Gov-
ernment of the United States and the local
authorities of the District, (if authorities they
can be called, because they exist at the mere
breath of Congress,) that the local officials
should control the expenditure relating to
streets as they are termed, and that the Fed-
eral Government should control and regulate
the expenses connected with the avenues. -I
know not upon what philosophy that was
founded, or upon what reason. Call these ways
streets or avenues, what you will, they never-
theless are here for the uses of the people of
the United States, and it is an absurd thing to
attempt to apply the rule of ordinary muni-
cipal expenditure to the expenditures of a town
constituted and existing in the anomalous con-
dition of the city of Washington.
If this system of paving is, as I believe it to
be, hasty, extravagant, and too excessive, let
Congress put limits upon it. You created the
laws by which it has been done; and having
created the laws, and the expenditure having
been made under the laws made by you, it is
not worth while to talk of generosity ; it is
simple justice and a legal necessity that you
foot the bill of your servants. If they have
been extravagant, if the people of this country
are to accuse these officials of extravagance,
let those who passed the law and put them in
power answer for it; let those who placed
them in power take them out of it. What
they have done in this expenditure has been
done as the agents of the Federal Govern-
ment for the purposes of a Federal city,
and, therefore, wisely or unwisely, justly or
unjustly, the expense has been contracted by
agents within the due scope of the authority
conferred upon them by law, and the princi-
pal is responsible for the acts of his agent.
This is a plain statement of fact connected
with this case. I do not wish to drag into this
discussion, for there is neither time nor oppor-
nity, the question as to the propriety or impro-
priety of the acts of the Board of Public Works
of the District of Columbia——■
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator's
time has expired.
Mr. SAWYER. Mr. President, in view of
the difference of opinion that exists upon this
subject as to the principle involved in it, al-
though I think the principle of the amendment
as offered by me is entirely a correct one, if
the Senate choose to have the amendment
modified by taking off the odd number, I will
modify it in that way.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from South Carolina proposes to modify the
amendment, so as to make the amount
$1,000,000 instead of $1,600,000.
Mr. BAYARD. Is that satisfactory to the
gentleman who offered the reducing amend-
ment?
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. I am not dis-
posed to take up the time of the Senate at this
period of its session, and I will withdraw the
call for yeas and nays and take the.sense of
Senate on a division.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The call for
yeas and nays will be regarded as withdrawn
if there be no objection. The original amend-
ment as modified by the Senator from South
Carolina is one million, and the Senator from
Michigan moves to amend by reducing the
amount to $800,000. The question is on that
amendment to the amendment.
Mr. SAWYER. Then there is a misunder-
standing. I prefer to let the amendment
remain as it originally stood.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. I will go back
on my amendment so far as to show the Sen-
ator from South Carolina and those who are in
sympathy with him that I am disposed to be
more than just and will be generous. I there-
fore accept the proposition and withdraw my
amendment, provided the Senator accepts one
million. ,
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amend-
ment of the Senator from Michigan is with-
drawn and the question recurs on the amend-
ment of the Senator from South Carolina mod-
ified by reducing the amount to $1,000,000.
Mr. HITCHCOCK. I ask for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 10, nays 11 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Blair, Buckingham, Cald-
well, Cameron, Carpenter, Clayton, Corbett, Cragin,
Davis, Ferry of Michigan, Flanagan, Frelinghaysen,
Gilbert, (xoldthwaife, Hamilton of Maryland, Ham-
lin,- ilarlan. Hill, Howe, Lewis, Maehen, Morrill of
Maine, Morton, Nye,Osborn, Ramsey, Ransom, Riee,
Sawyer, Soott, Speneer, Stewart, Stockton, Tipton,
Trumbull, Vickers, West, Wilson, and Windom—40.
NAYS—Messrs. Alcorn, Casserly, Cole, Cooper,
Hitchcock, Robertson, Saulsbury, Sherman, Sprague,
Stevenson, and Wright—11.
ABSENT—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Boreman,
Brownlow, Chandler, Conkling, Edmunds, Fenton,
Ferry of Connecticut, Hamilton of Texas, John-
ston, Kelly, Logan, Morrill of "Vermont, Norwood,
Patterson, Pomeroy, Pool, Pratt, Sehurz, Sumner,
and Thurman—22.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WRIGHT. I have an amendment to
propose as an additional section, and before
it is read I ask the attention of the Senate to
it, and also to a letter that I send up with it
from the Secretary of the Interior, which ex-
plains the necessity for the section. I will
state that the amendment comes from the
Committee on Finance.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment;
which was to insert as an additional section
the following:
That section one of an act entitled "An act to ex-
tend the laws of the United States relating to cus-
toms, commerce, and navigation over the territory
ceded to the United States by Russia, to establish a
collection district therein, and for other purposes,"
approved July 27,186S, be so amended as to read as
follows: "That the laws of the United States re-
lating to customs, commerce, and navigation, and
sections twenty and twenty-one of 'An act to regu-
late trade and intercourse with Indian tribes and to
preserve pcace on the frontiers,' approved June 30,
1834, be, and the same are hereby, extended toand
over all the mainland, isla.nds, and waters of the
territory ceded to the United States by the emperor
of Russia, by treaty concludcd at Washington on
the 20th day of Maroh, A. D. 1867, so far as the same
may be applicable thereto."
Mr. WRIGHT. Now let the letter of the
Secretary of the Interior be read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
Department op the Interior,
Washington, D. C.. February 21,1873.
Sir: I have the honor to report that the Depart-
ment is in receipt of information to the effect that
quantities of spirits are being manufactured in the
territory ceded to the United States by the emperor
of Russia, and that said spirits are being sold or
traded to the Indian tribes in that territory to their
great injury and demoralization. By a recent de-
cision of the district court of Oregon it has been
decided that the Territory of Alaska is not an Indian
reservation within the meaning of the statute.
I have therefore to request that such an amend-
ment be added to the act extending the Customs
laws over that territory as will enablo the Depart-
ment to secure the enforcement of a prohibition of
the manufacture of spirits within that territory. A
draft of a bill, which in my opinion will meet the
necessities of the case, is herewith inclosed, and I
commend it to the favorablo action of Congress.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
C. DELANO, Secretary.
Hon. James Harlan, Chairman Committee on Indian
jiffairs, Senate of the United State*.
Mr. COLE. That is not connected with an
appropriation, but it is so necessary that I do
not make any point of order.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. I offer the follow-
ing amendment, to come in after the word
dollars," in line nine hundred and thirteen :
And the Light-IIouso Board may, in their discre-
tion, expend for a light house at the entrance of
Portago Lako ship canal the appropriation hereto-
fore made for Eagle river, Lake Superior.
As it will be observed, this amendment asks
for no appropriation. There is already an ap-
propriation made at a prior session of Congress
for a light-house at Eagleriver, but it has been
found by experience, and in the judgment of
the Light-House Board, that it is not needed.
Since the completion of the Portage Lake ship-
canal it is found that a light is needed at its
entrance in order to protect the works there,
the Government haying appropriated some four
hundred thousand acres of land, and the State
of Michigan, under contract, having expended
nearly two millions of money, and it is not,pro-
tected by any light within forty miles. There-
fore I ask that the board have the discretion,
if in their judgment it shall subserve the pub-
lic interest, to change the locality from Eagle
riverto the entrance to the Portage Lake canal.
Mr. COLE. If that is all, I see no objection
to it, if it does not make any appropriation,
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. It does not add
a dollar's appropriation ; it only makes a
transfer.
Mr. COLE. I shall not resist it.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I ask the Senator
from California if he will not withdraw his
objection to the amendment which I pro-
posed?
Mr. COLE. Since the matter was up be-
fore I have read a letter recently written by
the Secretary of the Navy asking for precisely
what the Senator from Connecticut desires,
and in that point of view I withdraw my ob-
jection. But I must state in justification of
my objection when it was made before, that in
the estimates I found the appropriation to be
as it appears in the bill, and the recommen-
dation is one made subsequent to the regular
estimates; but upon reasons that are set forth
in the letter, which seem to me to be over-
riding and sufficient.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I now move to
amend the thirteen hundred and third line by
striking out the word "five" and inserting
"fifty," so as to make the appropriation for
the naval station at New London, Connecticut,
$50,000; and I send to the desk to be read a
letter from the Secretary of the Navy.
The Secretary read as follows:
Navy Department,
Washington, February 14.1873.
Sir : In view of the reports and suggestions of
officers well informed on the subject, that owing to
the crowded condition of the vessels laid up at tho
New York navy-yard, the risk from fires, and tho
injury arising from the bad condition of the water in
the river and docks at that station on accountof the
sewerage from the city, which sewerage is not within
the control of this Department, it would, in my judg-
ment, be a measure of safety and economy if a por-
tion of those vessels could be laid up at the naval
station at New London.
I therefore recommend' that an appropriation of
$50,000 be made for the work necessary to be done at
the said station for the purpose of furthering this
object.
Veryrespectfnlly, your obedient servant,
GEORGE M. ROBESON.
Secretary of the Navy.
Hon. J. A. Garfield, Chairman Committee on Appro-
priations, House of Representatives.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. The ground on
which the Secretary recommends this appro-
priation is based upon the fact that the vessels
are now seriously injured by remaining in the
waters at the Brooklyn navy-yard, and that it
would be a matter of economy to make an
appropriation by which they could remove to
the navy-yard on the Thames. It is upon tho
same ground that any individual would man-
age his business affairs. He would not expend
three millions of money per annum to build
new ships; and then, when those vessels are
to be stored, store them in a place where they
receive more than a natural injury. This
proposition is to place them in pure water,
instead of the waters which produce extra-
ordinary injury and damage. It is upon the
same ground upon which you, sir, would man-
age you own affairs. If you expended a large
sura of money to accomplish a particular ob-
ject, you wouldnotsufferyourselftobe defeated
'because you failed to protect your property.
The very object of this appropriation is to
protect Government property, and for that
reason I hope the amendment will be agreed to.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENSON. I rise to make a verbal
correction in this bill. In lme two hundred
and sixty-eight, page 12, the name of IS. F.
Pettingil'l should be E. G. Pettingill.
