2024
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Marcli 1,
The VICE PRESIDENT. That verbal
correction will be made.
Mr. CORBETT. I desire to make a little
change in the appropriation for the survey of
lands in Oregon, to be found on page 20, sim-
ply dividing the amount appropriated for tim-
bered lands, but not increasing the whole ap-
propriation . I propose to increase the amount
lor the timbered lands, and decrease the
amount for other lands. In line four hundred
and eighty-three, I propose to strike out
" fifty," and insert" forty," so as to make that
appropriation $40,000; and then in line four
hundred and eighty-seven, I propose to strike
out "twenty," and insert "thirty," so as to
make the appropriation in that clause $30,000.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection, this amendment, which does not
involve an increase of appropriation, will be
regarded as agreed to.
Mr. CORBETT. Then in line four hundred
and eighty-eight I move to strike out the words
"one half" and insert " one third," so as to
read: "one third of said amount to be ex-
pended east of the Cascade mountains."
Mr. COLE. I understand that this is merely
a transfer of $10,000 from one place to an-
other.
Mr. CORBETT. Yes, sir.
Mr. COLE. I have no objection to that.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOWE. I offer the following amend-
ment to come in after the word "repealed"
in line thirty-five, page 2:
That tho joint Committoc of Congress on Public
Printing is hereby authorized to direct tho Con-
gressional Printer to contract, on behalf of the
United States of America, with William J. Mur-
tagh, of Washington, District of Columbia,for the
reporting and publication of the debates in Con-
gress for the term of one year, on and from the
4th day of March, 1873, in accordanco with tho pro-
posals submitted by him for said reporting and
printing: Provided, That the reporters so employed
for the Senate shall be at all times subject to the
approval of the joint Committee on Public Printing
on the part of the Senate, and the reporters so em-
ployed for the House of Representatives shall be at
all times subject to the approval of the joint Com-
mittee on Public Printing on the part of tho House
of Representatives: And provided further, That the
said Murtagh shall, at the time of executing the
said contract, give bond to the United States in tho
penal sum of $100,000, with sureties, to be approved
by the joint Committee on Public Printing, con-
ditional for the due and faithful pcrformanco of tho
stipulations of said contract to be by him performed:
And provided further. That before the United States
shall be called on to pay for any reporting or pub-
lication of the dobates, tho accounts thcreforshall be
submitted to the joint Committee on Public Print-
ing, or to such other officer or officers of Congress as
they may designate, and on theirorhis approbation
thereof, as being in all respects according to the
contracts, it shall be paid for from the Treasury of
the United States after having passed the proper
accounting officers thereof.
Sec. —. That in case the said Murtagh shall fail to
oxccute the contract, and give the bond mentioned
in the first section of this act within ten days after
such contract shall be presented to him, or shall at
any time, in the judgment of the joint Committee on
Public Printing, fail in tho due performance of the
same, the joint Committee on Public Printing bo
authorized to have the debates reported as theyshall
direct, and to have them printed under tho direction
of the Congressional Printer at tho Government
Printing Office.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I would like to have the
ruling of the Chair as a question of order
upon that amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Rhode Island makes the point of order
on this amendment.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. Thatsame
point was made yesterday, and the amend-
ment was ruled out of order by a vote of the
Senate. .
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is this the same
proposition ?
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. It is sub-
stantially the same that was ruled out of
order.
Mr. HOWE. It is a different proposition,
though practically the same.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. It is sub-
stantially the same.
Mr. HOWE. This is a proposition to con-
tract for only one year.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. The same
objection applies to both.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The paragraph
in the bill, to which this clause is proposed as
an amendment, commences as follows: "for
the public printing, for the public binding, and
for paper for the public printing $2,000,000,"
&e. This proposition is, " that the joint Com-
mittee of Congress on Public Printing is hereby
authorized to direct the Congressional Printer
to contract with W. J; Murtagh, of Washing-
ton, District of Columbia, for the reporting
and publication of the debates in Congress."
Mr. HOWE. For a,year?
The VICE PRESIDENT. For one year.
Mr. HAMLIN. This proposition was pre-
sented in a different form I think, differing only
as to the length of time of the contract, and
the Senate ruled it out of order, and refused to
receive it because it was not in order.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. Yes, sir;
by a yea and nay vote.
Mr. HAMLIN. And now it is the duty of
the Chair to rule in accordance with the vote
of the Senate.
Mr. HOWE. I submit, if I maybe allowed,
that it is not the duty of the Chair to rule one
amendment out because the Senate has ruled
another out. Besides that I think the Senate,
on reflection, would conclude that the amend-
ment they voted against yesterday was in
order; I am quite sure they would.
Mr. CONKLING. Allow me also to make
a suggestion to the Chair. I trust the Chair
will not feel constrained, as has been sug-
gested, without looking at the record which I
think will warrant mo in saying that the Senate
twice ruled in order amendments having every
element of exception which this has; and I
wish the Chair would take the trouble to look
at the two amendments which the Senate held
were in order before feeling constrained to rule
this out on the ground that it is not in order.
Mr. HAMLIN. I am told since I made the
suggestion to the Chair that the Senator from
Rhode Island did modify his amendment yes-
terday so as to provide for a contract for one
year, and it stood for one year when we voted
upon it. Therefore it makes the question
identically the same.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. Yes, sir:
it stood at one year. This is practically and
substantially the same proposition that we
voted upon by a yea and nay vote yesterday.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair was
about to give his opinion on this question. He
was not in the chair at the time the question
was submitted yesterday. The Chair finds in
this bill a paragraph relating to public print-
ing, an appropriation of $2,000,000; also, pro-
visos in regard to the duty of the Committee
on Public Printing in relation to the debates
of Congress, two propositions which seem to
have been adopted by a vote of the Senate.
This proposition is " that the joint Committee
on Public Printing is hereby authorized to
direct the Congressional Printer to contract "
with Mr. Murtagh " for the reporting and pub-
lication of the debates in Congress for one
year." There being a conflict of opinion as to
whether this is substantially the same proposi-
tion as was submitted yesterday to the Senate
and decided, the Chair, while he would decide
it himself as an original proposition, the Sen-
ate having once taken it up and decided it,
will submit the question to the Senate whether
the amendment shall be received. The Chair
has stated the analogy to this paragraph on
public printing with which the Senator from
Wisconsin proposes to connect this amend-
ment as, also, to the two provisos which have
been inserted, by vote of the Senate, as in
order in regard to the publication of the de-
bates.
Mr. CONKLING. The experience of the
Chair in administering this rule, as well as the
f acknowledged learning of the Chair on all
parliamentary questions, would certainly give
great value to his expression of opinion, if he
is willing to make one, On this question of
order, although it is to be decided by the
Senate. Therefore, I venture to ask the Chair
to express to the Senate the view of the Chair
upon the admissibility of this proposition
after the two amendments which the Chair has
referred to have been put on by votes of the
Senate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I believe this to be the
identical amendment which was submitted to
the Senate yesterday in so many words, and
the Senate decided that it was not in order.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. That was for a
contract for six years.
Mr. TRUMBULL. No, it was altered to
one year by the Senator from Rhode Island,
who proposed it in order to bring it within the
rule. As some Senators objected to it on that
ground, he changed it, and the Senate has
voted directly on this indentical proposition.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state in response to the Senator from New York
that the appropriation in the bill is $2,000,000
" for the public printing. " There are two pro-
visos to that paragraph intrusting the Com-
mittee on Public Printing with certain duties
in regard to the debates of Congress. This is a
proposition instructing them further in regard
to the debates of Congress. The Chair, how-
ever, will submit this matter now to a vote of
the Senate, as the Senator from Illinois insists
that this is the same proposition that was voted
upon yesterday. Tbe present occupant was
not in the chair at the time, and he would not,
after the Senate have decided a question by
yeas and nays, attempt to set up his own opinion
in opposition to theirs. The question is, will
the Senate receive this as a further amend-
ment to the paragraph in regard to public
printing ?
Mr. HOWE. I suggest, in reply to the Sen-
ator from Illinois, that, it is very evident, what-
ever might be the fact about the amendment
which the Senator from Rhode Island moved,
the Senate generally did not understand that
that was the amendment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think it was so under-
stood.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is,
will the Senate receive this as a further pro-
viso to the amendment already adopted in the
clause relative to public printing.
The question being put, it was declared that
the noes appeared to have it.
Mr. HOWE. I ask for the yeas and nays.
I want an intelligent vote on this matter.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. MORTON. I was not here yesterday
when the discussion took place, and conse-
quently do not know the reasons given, why
this amendment was not in order; but here ia
an appropriation of $2,000,000 for public
printing. Tbat appropriation, in its terms, is
for any public printing, as well for the Con-
gressional Globe as for anything else. Now,
an amendment providing how a part of that
appropriation shall be spent, it seems to me,
is germane and directly pertinent to the appro-
priation. If there can be any reason given
why it is not, I have not heard it and would
like to hear it.
Mr. CRAGIN. This appropriation of
$2,000,000 is for another purpose, and the
amendment proposed does notiuany way affect
tbat appropriation.
Mr. MORTON. It does not appear upon
its face that it is for any other purpose. That
purpose exists simply in intention somewhere
else, but does not appear upon the face of tho
bill.
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. President, there is
nobody in this country too high to obey the
law. Now, here is a statute operating upon
us just as similar statutes operate upon the
head of a Department, and, question of order
L or no question of order, what we are engaged
in doing is determining whether we will obey
tlie law or rtff&se to obey it;. H«ie is a statute
which say a, in substance, that proposals shall
