100
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 10,
truth of this claim and the fairness of it, as
the comiAiuee have none. This man has
already been out of this small sum of money
for three years, and I think it is but fair that
the Government should reimburse him. This
is all 1 have to say about it.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, and was read the third time.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Onthequestion
of the passage of this bill the Senator from
Wisconsin [Mr. Carpenter] aska for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 24, nays 22; as follows :
TEAS—Messrs. Buckingham, Caldwell, Chand-
ler, Clayton, Cole, Conkling. Cooper, Corbett, Ferry
of Michigan, Flanagan, Frelinghuysen, Gilbert,
Hamlin. Hitchcock, Morton, Osborn, Pomeroy,
Ramsey, Scott, Sumner, Tipton, Wilson, Windom.
anil Wrigb t—24. .
NAYS—Messrs. Alcorn, Ames, Anthony, Carpen-
ter. Casserly. Edmuuds, Ftrry of Connecticut, Howe,
Johnston. Kellogg, Lewis, Machen, Morrill of Ver-
mont. Norwood, Ransom, Robertson, Saulsbury,
Sherman, Stevenson, Stewart, Thurman, and
West—22.
ABSENT — Messrs. Bayard, Blair, Boreman,
Brownlow, Cameron. Cragin, Davis,Fenton, Qoldth-
waite, Hamilton of Maryland, Hamilton of Texas,
Harlan, Hill, Kelly, Logan, Morrill of Maine, Nye,
Patterson, Pool, Pratt, Rice, Sawyer, Schurz,
Spencer, Sprague, Stockton, Trumbull, and Viok-
ers—28.
So the bill was passed.
public building at parker8bubg.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 363) to provide for a building suitable
for a post office, for the accommodation of the
revenue officers and the United States courts
and their officers, in the city of Parkersburg,
West Virginia.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This bill was
indefinitely postponed, and the motion to in-
definitely postpone reconsidered on the 5th of
March last.
Mr. DAVIS. This bill was introduced by
my colleague, who is detained at home by
sickness in his family. I therefore ask that it
go over for the present.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
passed over.
dkpot at fort leavenworth.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 41) to enable the Secretary of War to
enlarge the depot at Fort Leavenworth.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This bill was
reported by the Senator from Missouri now
absent, [Mr. Blair,] from the Committee on
Military Affairs, on the 7th of March.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. As the Sen-
ator who reported the bill is absent, let it be
passed over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
passed over.
protection of navigable waters.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 639) to provide for the protection of
the navigable waters of the United States from
obstruction and damage.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This bill was
reported by the Senator from Oregon, [Mr.
Corbett,] from the Committee on Commerce,
on the 7th of March.
Mr. CORBETT. Let the bill be read.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection the bill will be read.
The Chief Clerk read the bill.
Mr. CORBETT. I trust that that bill may
be passed. It is very important.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There
to be no objection to it.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I shonld like to
hear the first section of the bill read again.
Mr. POMEROY. I thought the Senator
from Oregon desired the bill to be passed over.
Mr. CORBETT. No; I asked to have it
passed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Kansas object?
Mr. POMEROY. No, Bir.
appears
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut. I think the
bill had better be passed over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
passed over.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the bill (S. No.
819) authorizing the construction of railroad
bridges across the Mobile river, and other nav-
igable streams tributary to Mobile bay, in
accordance with the acts of the Legislature
of the State of Alabama, and to establish them
as post roads.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the following bills ; in which it
requested the concurrence of the Senate:
A bill (H. R. No. 3122) to authorize the
employment of keepers and crows of serfmen
for the life-saving stations on the coasts of
Cape Cod and Block Island, and for other
purposes;
A bill (H. R. No. 3123) to authorize the
Secretary of the Navy to transportin a Govern-
ment vessel, free of duty, a monument de-
signed by Admiral Porter to be erected in the
grounds of the Naval Academy at Annapolis,
in memory of the officers, seamen, and marines
of the Navy who fell in defense of the Union ;
A bill (H. R. No. 3124) to provide for the
removal of the sunken wreck which now ob-
structs the channel-way off Sandy Hook ; and
A bill (H. R. No. 3125) to remove the dis-
abilities of Lucius Q. C. Lamar, of Missis-
sippi.
The message further announced that the
House had passed a concurrent resolution pro-
viding for the adjournment of the two Houses
from Friday, the 20th instant, to Monday, the
6th day of January next, at twelve o'clock noon;
in which the concurrence of the Senate was
requested.
executive communications.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate a message from the President of the
United States, communicating, in answer to a
resolution of the Senate of the 5th instant, a
report from the Secretary of State, in relation
to the existence of the slave trade upon the
coast of Africa, and the action taken by the
Government of Great Britain, and other
countries, for its suppression ; which, on' mo-
tion of Mr. Morton, was referred to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations, and ordered to
be printed.
He also laid before the Senate a communi-
cation from the Secretary of War, transmitting
a draft of an amendment to an act entitled
"An act to authorize the sale of certain public
property," approved June 10, 1872; which
was referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
regent of smithsonian institution.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair ap-
points to fill the vacancy in the Board of Re-
gents of the Smithsonian Institution, on the
part of the Senate, caused by the death of the
Senator from Kentucky, (Mr. Garrett Davis,)
the Senator from Kentucky [Mr. Stevenson]
to serve during the term for which he has been
chosen as United States Senator.
bills introduced.
Mr. POMEROY. I ask leave without pre-
vious notice to introduce a bill in order that
it may be printed and go before the commit-
tee which will be in session to-morrow. I did
not draw the bill and do not understand its
provisions, but I desire to have it referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
There being no objection, leave was granted
to introduce a bill (S. No. 1230) to provide
stenographers for the courts of the United
States; which was read twice by its title.
Mr. POMEROY. I move that the bill be
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary
and printed.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Such a bill is now on
the Calendar.
Mr. POMEROY. This is in another form.
Mr. TRUMBULL. There are two such
bills on tbe Calendar, oue of them a House
bill.
i Mr. POMEROY. While this has the same
title, I understand it is drawn differently and
will probably meet the approval of the com-
mittee. The others have been reported ad-
versely, I am informed by the Senator who
sits beside me, [Mr. Edmunds.] This is a
different bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have no objection to
its being printed, but I see no use of printing
three or four bills on the same subject. The
others might be amended.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If the Senator
from Illinois objects, the order cannot be
interrupted except by suspending it.
Mr. POMEROY. This bill may be on the
same subject with others, and yet entirely dif-
ferent. I hope it will be printed.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
printed and referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
Mr. WINDOM asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1231) amending an act granting right, of
way to the Utah, Idaho, and Montana Rail-
road Company, approved June 1,1872; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, and ordered to be
printed.
withdrawal of papers.
j Mr. CASSERLY. I ask that an order be
entered that John A. Sutter be permitted to
withdraw from the files of the Senate his peti-
I tion and papers.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The usual in-
quiry has been in such cases whether there
has been an adverse report.
Mr. CASSERLY. I understand so.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Vermont now absent [Mr. Edmunds]
has always asked that copies should be retained
in such cases. The Chair merely suggests
that that course has generally been pursued.
Mr. POMEROY. I understand there is no
rule in the Senate against withdrawing papers
at all.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There is none.
By unanimous consent the papers can be with-
drawn, or it can be done by a resolution which
must lie over one day. If there be no objec-
tion the papers will be regarded as withdrawn,
and they are withdrawn.
agricultural colleges.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 693) to provide for the further endow-
ment and support of colleges for the benefit
of agriculture and the mechanic arts, and the
liberal and practical education of the indus-
trial classes in the several pursuits and profes-
sions in life, as established under an act of
Congress approved July 2, 1862.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. That bill has
already been postponed until Thursday after
the morning hour, and I therefore merely ask
to have it passed over at this time.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
passed over, as it has been postponed until
Thursday by a vote of the Senate.
tax on salaries of statu officers.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 773) to provide for the refunding of
taxes paid by State officers upon their sal-
aries.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This bill was re-
ported adversely by the Senator from Ohio, [Mr.
Sherman,] from the Committee on Finance, on
the 12th of March.
Mr. PRATT. I had the honor of intro-
ducing that bill at the last session. It is a
measure, I think, of very great merit. It is
founded upon principles settled, as I under-
