1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2025
be tnvited for doing a certain work, and the
spirit and intendment of the law is that the
lowest proposal shall be accepted, and the
committee of these two bodies has nothing to
do but a ministerial duty. Now, suppose it
was the Secretary of the Navy; suppose a law
had directed him to invite proposals for sloops-
of-war or anything else; the proposals had
been put in, and, in place of acting upon
them, he had engaged in doing everything else
in the world except obeying the statute. Why,
sir, the country would not be big enough to
hold the noise that would be heard over it; and
yet that is what we are doing under the guise
of a question of order.
What is the question of order? My friend
from New Hampshire tells the Senator from
Indiana that this appropriation of $2,000,000
has nothing to do with this printing. See what
the Senate by its own vote has put in this bill.
First, they put in—
And tho last proviso to the act providing for
printing and reporting the debates in Congress,
approved April 2,1872. is hereby repealed,
That is the proviso of this statute of 1872:
that they take jurisdiction of on a question of
order, and repeal for all time the law directing
whether these debates shall or shall not be
published in a particular way. What next?
An amendment was offered upon which a point
of order was made, and the Senate ruled it in
order. That amendment was in these words:
Provided, That until a contract is made tho de-
bates shall be printed by the Congressional Printer,
under the direction of the joint Committee of Public
Printing on the part of the Senate.
Mr. MORTON. Was not that held to be
in order yesterday?
Mr. CONKLING. Unquestionably; on the
yeas and nays.
Mr. HAMILTON. No.
Mr. CONKLING. My honorable, friend
says "no." Let us see. I read from the
Journal:
" Mr. Trumbull raised the question of order that
the amendment was in its nature a legislative pro-
vision, which did not relate to any appropriation
contained in the bill, and therefore could not be
received under the resolution of the Senate.
"The Presiding Officer (Mr. Kerry, of Michi-
gan,) submitted the question to the Senate for its
decision : ' is the amendment of Mr. Sherman to the
reported amendment in order under the resolution?'
" Which was determined in the affirmative.
"And on the question to agree to the amendment,
" It was determined in the affirmative."
And now we are told that it is not in order
for the Senator from Wisconsin to move that
we go on and execute a contract under the
law upon that very subject and embracing
nothing else. Well", sir, I do hope that the
Senate, among other things, will make up a
record which will attest hereafter that "con-
sistency is a jewel."
Mr. HAMLIN. The Senator from New
York has not stated this question quite fairly.
He has stated it truthfully, precisely, as far as
he has gone ; but I insist not quite fairly. He
has stated precisely what the'record is. There
was no division of the Senate on the amend-
ment of the Senator from Ohio; it went with-
out a division, or the yeas and nays. Then
came the amendment of the Senator from
Rhode Island ; precisely the amendment now
offered, word for word. The question was
raised upon it; the yeas and nays were called,
and the Senate, upon the yeas and nays, by a
vote of 27 to 23, I think, decided that it was
not in order. That is the whole record.
Mr. CONKLING. It was the same in sub-
stance ; there is no doubt about that.
Mr. HAMLIN. It does not matter if there
has been a mere formal change. If the propo-
sition is for a contract for one year, I think it
is identical. But suppose there has been a
slight alteration; that does not change the
principle of the amendment, and therefore
comes within the ruling o.f the Senate yester-
day taken-by yeas and nays.
Now, erne wnrd in relation to the suggestion
Of the Senator from Indiana upon^ the clause
iu the bill that this is for public printing. So
it is ; but what is it for? If the Senator will
read the bill he will see precisely the objects
for which' the sum is appropriated, and in those
objects he will fail to find the Congressional
Globe. The Congressional Globe is provided
fbr in another appropriation and in another
bill, and not here. The bill goes on to specify
the precise purposes for which that $2,000,000
shall be used, and there is not a penny of it to
be used for the Congressional Globe.
I suppose it is in order for the Senate to
overrule its decision of yesterday; nobody
doubts that; and I have sometimes thought
that the only thing in order in the Senate was
to be out of order, and I have at other times
thought the only question in order would be
the will of the dominant majority, however it
might harmonize with what was the ruling of
the Chair or the precedents established by its
own vote. I have no more to say than this :
if the Senate by their vote to-day shall rule
this amendment in order, they will simply
overrule their decision of yesterday.
Mr. HOWE. I think the Senator is not
entirely justified in saying that if this amend-
ment is held in order to-day by the Senate, it
will overrule the decision it made yesterday,
because I think the amendment moved to-day is
differentfrom the amendment moved yesterday.
But if the Senator is entirely correct in that
supposition, I submit it is no worse for the
Senate to overrule to-day a decision it made
yesterday than it was for the Senate yesterday
to overrule in one hour the decision it had
made half an hour before, and that it did. I
think the Senator from Maine will not pretend
to say that if the amendment I have moved, or
the amendment which the Senator from Rhode
Island moved yesterday, was not in order, the
amendment which was moved by the Senator
from Ohio was in order; yet the Senate held
the last to be in order and the former not
to be in order. I wish, however, to get one
more vote of the Senate on this question. If
they vote still that this amendment is not in
order, we shall have to submit to it. If they
then declare that this amendment is like that
of the Senator from Rhode Island, it will go
some ways to vindicate the consistency of
the Senate and we shall get so much benefit
from it. •
Mr. CASSERLY. The Senator from New
York has said justly enough that we ought not
to put ourselves in a position of disregarding
a law of Congress, under the guise of determ-
ining a point of order. Points of order have
this value, that they are essential, when they
are well founded, to the orderly and reason-
able dispatch of public business. With regard
to the present point of order, it is one which
arises under the so-called Anthony rule. I
really desire the attention of my fellow Sena-
tors on this subject.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair must
request Senators to resume their seats and
suspend conversation.
Mr. CASSERLY. I should not intrude my
views at all on this subject but for the fact that
as a member of the Committee on Public
Printing, ever since I have come into this
body, I have had occasion more or less to con-
sider the present subject and the questions
arising out of it. But for thai and the special
duty laid upon me in that regard, I should not
trouble the Senate at this advanced period of
the session at all.
Now, sir, what I say is, that in regard to
points of order arising under the Anthony
rule it is too late to invoke the consistency of
the Senate. There is no such thing as con-
sistency of the Senate on that^ subject. The
Senate has voted all sorts of ways upon it, and
has frequently iu the same day, as the Senator
from New York and the Senator from Wis-
1 consiu have said upon the debate yesterday,
Mwith what accuracy I do not now mean to
say,) solemnly decided two opposite _ ways
i upon that resolution. What they .decide in
i this hour, they reverse iu the next hour, and
decide the direct contrary, and of course the
inconsistency of the Senate means the incon-
sistency of its members. I do not get up to
arraign anybody for inconsistency. I have
tried to be consistent. I am conscious I have
not been able to be; and yet at this late period
of the session, I had much rather suffer the
charge of inconsistency than do anything
which would continue or revive a debate
which must consume so much of the priceless
public time upon a subject which I think
ought to be regarded as settled by the action
of the Senate yesterday.
The Senator from New York has said that
we ought not, under the guise of a point of
order, to disregard a law. The Senator is
right when he says that. Whenever any mem-
ber of the Senate says that, that member is
right.
Mr. HAMLIN. Will the Senator from
California allow me to make a suggestion
right there ?
Mr. CASSERLY. Certainly.
Mr. HAMLIN. This very proposition is in
violation of the law. It does not come within
the terms of it.
Mr. CASSERLY. I was just coming to that.
Now, sir, point of order or not, I can, and
every other Senator can, vote against this prop-
osition without violating the law for the plain
reason stated by the Senator from Maine,
which it was on my lips to state when he rose,
that this very amendment is itself a distinct
violation of the law. Whatever law we have
for contracting for this printing, and we have
but one, is limited as to the extent of the con-
tract. There can be no contract made under
that law for less than two years or for more
than six, and here is an amendment which
proposes a contract for one year when under •
the law it is to be for neither less than two nor
more than six years. I should have great
reluctance in voting for this amendment if there
were no objection to it other than that. How
can a man on a contract of one year make the
preparation necessary to do this work as it
should be done ? Besides the law, there is the
reason of the law. This is practically a repeal
of the law. The Senator from Ohio [Mr.
Sherman] in his amendment did not interfere
with the law. He simply provided a means for
doing the public work at the Government
Printing Office until the law could be complied
with by a contract under and within the terms
of the law.
Mr. CONKLING. If I have a moment
left of my time 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
has two minutes left of his time.
Mr. CONKLING. Then I want to bemoan
the condition of the Senate. When we try to
make a contract for two years and comply
with the law, we are impaled upon a question
of order. When we come within the rules of
order and propose to make the contract for
one year, then we are violating the law. How
sorry is the position of this body ! We can-
not. have a half loaf because it is better than
no bread; we cannot comply with the law pro
tanio and make a contract for one year, which
is all that the rule will allow us to do, because
that violates the law ; and we cannot comply
with the law because some Senator, as I say,
will impale us upon a question of order.
Now, Mr. President, this thing cannot be
winked out of sight; no man can wink so hard
as not to see that the proposition before the
Senate is to comply with the law just as far
forth as to time as the rules of the Senate
will permit; and when we get this contract
made for one year, it is to be presumed we
will do our duty as soon as we can, and con-
tinue it for another year, and the whole six
years if it works well.
Mr. BAYARD. It seems to me if the lopic
of the honorable Senator trom New York is
precisely reduced down, it amounts to this:
that his. amendment ought S6, be received
because it is both against law utid out oi ordci.
