1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
101
stand, by the Supreme Court of the United
States. But the discussion of the bill will
run beyond the limits of our rule, and I there-
lore ask that it may be laid overfor the present. ;
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
passed over.
importation op warble altars.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
i H. R. No. 1854) to authorize Rev. Jeremiah
Moynihan, of New Orleans, to import oue set
of marble altars free of duty.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This bill was
reported adversely on the 12th of March by
the Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Sherman,] from
the Committee on Finance, and the report
being adverse, the question is on the indefinite
postponement of the bill.
Air. WEST. I think there are some facts
in connection with the bill as passed by the
House of Representatives that did not come
to the cognizance of the Committee on Finance.
In a conversation a few moments ago with
the chairman of that committee I ascertained
that he was under the impression that this was
an altar purchased abroad by the church and
waa intended to be introduced free of duty.
I should like to explain to the Senate the cir-
cumstances under which it is desired to intro-
duce it.
Mr. Moynihan, the pastor of this church in
New Orleans, emigrated from Ireland many
years ago as a poor boy, and this is a testimo
nial, a present to him by his former college
associates. It is not a purchase by the church.
The remission of the duty by the United States
would not inure to thead vantage of the church.
It would merely enable this old gentleman to
receive free of duty the compliment which
has been paid him by his associates. Under
these circumstances I do not think the chair-
man of the committee will press the motion
fcr the indefinite postponement of the bill or
that he now takes any particular interest in it.
1 trust the Senate will merely consider the
circumstance that this is a present to this
clergyman by his old college associates and
that he desires to introduce it free of duty.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no objection to
any course the Senate may choose to take in
regard to this matter. The Committee on
Finance, I believe unanimously, instructed me
to report this bill adversely on the ground
that we could not make exceptions in our rev-
enue laws in favor of altars for religious wor-
ship or in favor of preachers or priests or
any one else. We have uniformly declined to
do so in every case since the passage of the
celebrated bill in regard to a chime of bells
for a church in Indiana, which led to so much
debate and discussion, and which I think we
passed rather oat of compliment to our friend,
the Vice President, who came among us about
that time. Since then the Senate has refused
to pass these bills, and we considered ourselves
instructed to report them all adversely. We
have had applications for the remission of the
duty on bells for a Presbyterian church; we
have have had applications 
Mr. WEST. I ask the Senator if any of
them were donations?
Mr. SHERMAN. I think in most eases
they were donations, but I am not sure. I do
not see, however, why a church or a person
should not be willing to pay the duty on a
donation. I am sure, if anybody were to give
me so valuable a present as is proposed here,
I would be perfectly willing to pay the duty
upon it.
Mr. WEST. This is a work of art, and
works of art I believe are introduced free of
duty.
Mr. SHERMAN. Certain works of art,
undoubtedly, are introduced free of duty.
However, it is for the Senate to decide. This
is one of those bills that appeal to their gen-
erosity. I should be very glad to oblige this
gentleman. I have no doubt he is a very
worthy man, and I have heard him highly
spoken of. It is for the Senate to decide; but
I think if the rule be once departed from
applications of this kind will flow iu upon us so
freely that the Senate will become weary aud
probably do injustice in some cases. 1 may
state also that there is another bill on the
Calendar of a similar character for a college
in the State of New York, and another bill for
certain banners and insignia belonging to a
charitable society in the State of New York.
Numerous bills of this character have .come to
the Committee on Fiuance and we have uni-
formly reported against them. It is for the
Senate to decide whether they wiil make an
exception in this case.
Mr. MORTON. I know of one instance in
Indiana where a chime of bells waa admitted
free of duty.
Mr. SHERMAN. I stated that. I stated
that a chime of bells in Indiana were admitted
I think by the Senate rather in deference to
the opinion of the Vice President, who came
among us at that time, aud against a report
of the Committee on Finance, if I remember
rightly. The Senate may do the same in this
case if they choose.
Mr. WEST. I believe I have a moment or
two left of my time. I ask the Senate to con-
sider the distinction between the cases, that
this is a present to an individual in considera-
tion of services he hag rendered.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Car-
penter in the chair.) The question is on the
indefinite postponement of the bill.
The question being put, the bill was post-
poned indefinitely.
fisk university.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 758) to confirm the purchase of the site
of Fort Houston, near Nashville, Tennessee,
and to donate the same to the trustees of Fisk
University for educational purposes.
Mr. COOPER. There is another bill from
the House of Representatives upon the Calen-
dar on the same subject, and I moved that this
be passed over until we reach the House bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill will
be passed over.
mary wade.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(H. R. No. 1066) granting a pension to Mary
Wade, mother of Jennie Wade.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. This bill
was reported adversely by the Committee on
Pensions. The question is on its indefinite
postponement.
Mr. SCOTT. Let it be passed over.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill
will be passed over.
john a. thompson.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 806) for the relief of John A. Thomp-
son.
There being no objection, the bill was read
the second time, and considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole. It in a direction to the
Postmaster General to settle the account of
John A. Thompson, of Alpine county, Cali-
fornia, for transportation of the mails from
Placerville, California, to Genoa, Nevada,
during portions of the years 1856 and 1857,
and to allow him, in full payment therefor, the
sum of $669 78.
i The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
| third reading, read the third time, and passed.
lewis johnson and company.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
S. No. 204) for the relief of Lewis Johnson
Co.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill is
reported- adversely from the Committee on
Claims, but there is a minority report.
The bill was read. It proposes to direct
the Secretary of the Treasury to pay to
Lewis Johnson & Co., bankers of Washing-
ton, in the District of Columbia, the sum of
£
$448 10, that being the amount paid by the
firm to B. F. Gailaher, a paymaster of the
Navy, on account of a draft drawn by him
September 4, 1861, as such paymaster, on the
Assistant Treasurer of the United States at
New York, for the sura of $1,500, payable to
himself or bearer, and indorsed by him and
sold and delivered to the firm, who placed to
his credit on their books the full amount;
which draft was protested for non-payment
by reason of the orders of the Secretary of
the Navy, Gailaher having become a defaulter,
and the payment having been made by the
firm before notice of such defalcation.
Mr. PRATT. Mr. President, I have no ob-
jection to submitting this bill on its merits to
the Senate at the present time, provided Sena-
tors will listen patiently to the views of the
minority, the reading of which will occupy
some five or ten minutes. Those views em-
brace the facts and the entire argument. If
the Senate is disposed to listen to the minority
report, the case may be just as well disposed
of now as at any time.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is, shall the bill be indefinitely postponed ?
Mr. PRATT. I ask for the reading of the
views of the minority.
The Secretary read the views of the minority,
as follows:
The minority of the Committee on Claims, to whom
was referred the petition of Lewis Johnson, Lewis
J. Havis, and David Walker, bankers of the city of
Washington, oomposing the firm of Lewis John-
son Co., praying to be reimbursed for certain
moneys paid by them on a check drawn by Pay-
master Benjamin F. Gailaher, United States Navy,
submit the folio wing .views against the report of
the majority:
Benjamin I". Gailaher was a paymaster of the
United States Navy. He stands oharged as a
defaulter to the Government on the books of the
Fourth Auditor of the Treasury Department, to the
amount of $113,582 06. This balance is due the
United States for money drawn by him from the
Treasury in the year 1861: and for his failure to
account for the same he was dishonorably dismissed
from the naval service in August, 1862.
, He gave a bond as such paymaster, on October 30,
i 1857, in the penal sum of $2>,000. Suit was insti-
tuted thereon against him and his sureties on
November 19, 1803, and judgment was recovered
on July 2, I860, for the amount of the penalty, 825,000;
but so farnothing h.is been realized, and theFourth
Auditor expresses the opinion that nothing will be
collected in the future.
On the 4th day of September, 1861, Mr. Gailaher,
as such paymaster, drew his draft or cheek on the
Assistant Treasurer of the United States at New
York, payable to himself, for the sum of $1,500.
The following is a copy of the bill:
[No. 99.]
Washington, September 4, 1861.
Assistant Treasurer of the United States, New York :
Pay to B. P. Gailaher, or bearer, $1,500.
B. F. UAL LA11KR, Paymaster.
This bill was indorsed by Gailaher and purchased
by the petitioners at its par value in coin on the
same day it was drawn, and remitted to New York
for collection. The amount ($1,500) was passed to
Gallaher's credit on their books. On the 6th of Sep-
tember, the Park Bank caused this bill to be pre-
sented for payment to the Assistant Treasurer, but
he had been previously instructed from Washington
not to honor any more drafts of Gailaher, and in
consequence payment was refused and the bill was
regularly protested for non-payment, and returned
to and taken up by the petitioners.
After the sale of the check and this sum had been
placed to his credit as so much money on deposit
with the petitioners, Gailaher drew out of bank the
gum of $443 10. This was done before notice of the
dishonor of the bill. On the 9th day of September
they were notified by the acting Secretary of the
Navy that Gailaher was a defaulter and under
arrest, and to hold any deposit in their hands to his
credit subject to the claim of the Government.
They now claim they should be reimbursed in coin
for this sum of $443 10, no part of which has ever
been collected back, and the costs and damages they
have been subjected to in consequence of the dis-
honor of the bill, and that they should be indemni-
fied against any claim Gailaher may make for the
balance standing on their books to his credit.
The memorial is sworn to by Lewis Johnson, and
the original check or bill, the instrument of protest,
and letter of the Assistant Seoretary of the Navy
are appended as exhibits.
It appears from the letter of the Fourth Auditor
to the Secretary of the Treasury, in evidence, that
no part of the sum raised by the sale of this bill to
the petitioners was expended for the benefit of the
United States, but, on the contrary, it is presumed
that it all went to Gallaher's personal benefit.
These are the facts, and the question is, to what
extent, if any, should the petitioners be relieved by
Congress.
