1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1005
from a sickly sentimentality toward the Ja-
panese which is running in a flood across the
country, but that will pass over in a year or
two.
It is very easy to hand back the whole of
this sum to the Japanese Government under
such an idea. It is very easy, indeed, to talk
about releasing them by one sweep of the pen
from paying $375,000, to obtain the right to
which cost us many, many lives, and many,
many wounds; but it is very hard for the
Senate and for the committee of the Senate to
find out how to pay $125,000, the primary
claim on the fund, and which is said to be the
primary claim by the treaty itself.
Mr. President, let us discover some means
of paying our own people before we are so
earnest and so magnanimous as to debate about
whether this money should be returned to the
Japanese Government. I believe in doing
justice to our own people; I believe in en-
couraging the gallantry of our seamen; I
believe in giving them what they are entitled
to in lieu of prize money before we go into
the question whether the Japanese Govern-
ment is entitled to have this fund handed back
or not. I call the attention of the Senate to
it again, as I have done over and over before,
that this small sum of $125,000 cannot be
paid to the widows of the men who were killed
there, and the survivors, by the American Sen-
ate ; they cannot find any way of doing it; it
is impossible to devise any means of paying
this primary claim ; but it is very easy to de-
vise means every time this subject is mentioned
to introduce bills and call for their immediate
passage, with all the rules suspended, to hand
this money back and release the Japanese
Government from paying the sum that is now
due.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from New Jersey will please suspend. The
morning hour has expired, and the unfinished
business pending at the adjournment of the
Senate yesterday is now before the Senate.
MESSAGE FROM THE IIOUSK.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives by Mr. McPueeson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the following reso-
lution :
Whereas the evidence taken by a select commit-
tee of this House, appointed December 2, 1872, for
the purpose of examining into charges of bribery of
membeis of this House, contains matter affecting
members of the Senate: Therefore,
Resolved, That the Clerk of the House be directed
to transmit to the Senate a copy of all the evidence
thus far reported to the House by said committee,
together with a copy of this resolution.
THE CURRENCY SPECIE PAYMENTS.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (S. No.
1313) supplementary to an act entitled "An
act to provide a national currency secured
by a pledge of United States bonds, and to
provide for the circulation and redemption
thereof," approved June 3, 1864, and to se-
cure an elastic currency, to appreciate national
obligations, and to reach specie payments
without commercial embarrassment, thepend-
ing question being upon the amendment of
Mr. Thurman to the amendment of the Com-
mittee on E'inance, which was to strike out
"five "and insert "two" in the sixteenth
line of the first section of the amendment of
the committee, so as to read, " payable quar-
terly in such coin at the rate of two per cent,
per annum."
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President, the dis-
cussion of this bill yesterday disclosed a vast
amount of difference in opinion, not simply
upon the professed objects of the bill and
upon the policy which this bill is intended to
affirm, but upon the meaning of the provisions
of the bill itself. 1 have regarded it from the
first as a step, but not a long or a decisive
step such as I would wish to see taken toward
the resumption of specie payments.
In the consideration of our national fiiiiinces
the chief and ruling object in view should be
a resumption of specie payments, not so much
as affecting the convenience of the moneyed
classes of the country as affecting the morals
of the entire country. A return to specie pay-
ments should be held a return to honesty in
individual dealings; and the sooner an honest
currency, a currency of intrinsic value, is re-
stored to the people of this country the better,
because until that is done we cannot hope for
a discontinuance of all those practices of bad
faith and illegitimate speculation which are the
natural result and outgrowth of paper money.
I say, therefore, that a return to honest
money is a crying demand of the present
hour. A departure from the currency of hon-
est money, from money of value was a car-
dinal error, a vast blunder, in my opinion,
originally. Not only was it without warrant,
as I believe, in the Constitution of the United
States, but even had this not been so there it
was a terrible mistake in government, and I
believe will be so recognized and admitted
when the events of the last twelve years come
to be considered calmly and by the light of
experience. It was a repeated blunder. We
had the sad experience of our own colonial
revolution. We had the shame, the sorrow,
and the suffering that flowed from the adop-
tion then of inconvertible paper issues. The
same history was written all over the terrific
struggle in France in 1793. It has been re-
peated with like results in the affairs of the
late southern confederacy. Its evil's were felt
and are now made manifest by the develop-
ments of to-day, in the present tone of what
may be termed the pecuniary morals of the
people—sad developments made at the pres-
ent day and hour which no man can fail to
recognize as the legitimate results of the
adoption of an inconvertible paper currency
founded solely upon credit, without a par-
ticle of intrinsic value, and which therefore
became the mere foot-ball of speculators; at
the cost of the producer and laborer; each
speculator cultivating, as Mr. Webster well
said, his field by the sweat of the poor
man's brow. Not only so, but I believe that
the people of this country to-day groan under
a debt $1,000,000,000 greater than they would
have had if this mistake in finance had not
been followed and the nation embarked upon
a system of inconvertible paper issues depend-
ing solely upon credit, and therefore neces-
sarily affected by every breath of suspicion and
of fluctuations in success or failure.
But, Mr. President, is this a practical meas-
ure, a really decisive step toward the resump-
tion of specie payments? I am disposed to
think it has that tendency, but I do not think
such are to be its certain results. There are
many things in the present bill which caused
me surprise when I came to examine it. It
will be observed that there is no limitation
whatever in the bill upon the increase of the
public debt, and at the same time there is no
limitation upon the issues which are author-
ized by the second section of the act. The
first section provides—
That on the 1st day of January, 1874, the Secretary
of the Treasury is authorized and required to pay,
on demand, at the office of the Assistant Treasurer
in the city of New York, to auy holder of United
States notes to the aiaoun t of £1,1)00, or any multiple
thereof, in exchange for such notes, an equal amount
of the gold coin of the United States; or, in lieu of
coin, he may, at his option, issue in exohange for
said notes an equal amount of coupon or registered
bonds of the United States, in such form as he may
prescribe, aud of denominations of fifty dollars, or
some multiple of that sum, redeemable in eoin of the
present standard value, at the pleasure of the Uni-
ted States, after ten years from the date of their issue,
and bearing interest, payable quarterly in such eoin,
at the rate of five per cent, per annum. And the
Secretary of the Treasury may reissue the United
States notes so received; or. if they are canceled,
may issue United States notes to the same amount,
either to purchase or redeem the public debt, or to
meet the current payments for the public service.
Then it provides that the bonds shall be
exempt from local or Federal taxation. Now,
I ask would not the public funded debt be
indefinitely increased under the provisions of
this bill, which allows bonds without limit to
be issued in exchange for United States notes,
which notes are again issued by the Govern-
ment for its current expenses, which pass into
the Treasury to-day in exchange for a bondr
the next day are issued for some public
expense, and the day following are presented
for a new bond at the Treasury, and so on, ad
infinitum.? You see the result upon the basis
of your $328,000,000 of United States notes,
coming in to day for bonds, paid out to-mor-
row for expenses, brought back the third day
for a new bond. Where is the limitation upon
the amount of your funded debt? And yet
this bill is open to that objection. I shall pro-
pose an amendment at the proper time, to
come in as an additional section, which will
prevent, or will be intended to prevent, auy
increase in the public debt, funded or not
funded.
Mr. SHERMAN. If the Senator will allow
me, I will ask him whether, assuming as a
fact that the current receipts of the Govern-
ment are equal to the current expenditures, it
is possible that under this bill the public debt
can be increased ?
Mr. BAYARD. Certainly, it seems to me
very palpable, because of this ebb and flow.
The flow of money into the Treasury, which
is instantly exchangeable for a bond, will place
the notes in the Treasury, and when the ex-
penses of the Government do not call for their
use there will be a simultaneous use of the
money for redeeming a bond. One bond puts
the notes into the Treasury to pay expenses,
and when they are paid out they are instantly
presented again for another bond, and all this
system of the circular motion of this money
will be constantly increasing; there will be an
issue of bonds as fast as the notes are pre-
sented for them, and yet there will remain in
the public Treasury money sufficient for the
expenses of the Government. Such I think
is to be the actual result. Perhaps I do not
understand the Senator's proposition.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no objection at
all to the Senator's amendment if he thinks it
necessary. Indeed the committee atone time'
thought of putting on such an amendment, but
it was clearly unnecessary in our view. Now
let me say to the Senator that when money is
received into the Treasury it will be paid out
for one of two purposes: either for current
expenses of the Government, or for the reduc-
tion of the public debt. If it is paid out for
current expenses it unlocks and leaves for
use in payment of the debt a portion of the
receipts from other sources.
Mr. BAYARD. But the Government is
filling its Treasury with currency ; how ? By
selling bonds. Very well.
Mr. SHERMAN. Paying outthatcurrency
for other bonds.
Mr. BAYARD. Not for other bonds, but
for the current expenses of the Government.
I will come to that presently, for I wish to
show to the Senator where a part of what I
think is the illusory nature of this measure
betrays itself.
Mr. SHERMAN. There again I call the
attention of the Senator. If any money is
flowing out from the Treasury that has been
received from these bonds, money is coming
in from other sources. It is assumed that
the current receipts are equal to the current
expenditures. If not, the argument is good.
Mr. BAYARD. The bonds would not have
existence except as they are made at the
option of the Government, and at its will.
That will, as to amount, is unlimited. The
money is the equivalent for the bond. It is
paid into the Treasury and the bond is issued.
The Government then has its money, and the
purchaser has the bond, and the public funded
debt is increased just that much. Parties
have loaned the Government paper money,
and the Government has given them its boud
as proof of the tiausaction. The power of
i.-suiug the bonds under this bill is unlimited ;
whenever a man may obtain a thousand dol-
