102
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 10,
The minority of theeommitteoare ofopioion, from
the evidence. that they purchased this bill in the
ordinary course of business, without any knowledge
(it Galhiher's defalcation, and that the samo would
have been paid bv the Assistant Treasurer but for
the order of the Secretary of the Navy. The bill
was drawn by one officer of the Government uiion
another, whose duty U was to honor his drafts. The
Government had clothed Mr. Gallaher with this
authority. Third parties had ordinarily no means
of knowing thestate of his accounts, and had a right
to presume he was acting within his authority and
drawing his drafts for a lawful purpose. It does not
appear to the minority that there was anything in
the transaction to excite suspicion, and they are of
opinion that the bill should pass.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the indefinite postponement of the
bill.
Mr. PRATT. I hope that this bill will not
be indefinitely postponed. There is no differ-
ence of views between the majority and the
minority of the committee as to.the facts in
this case. They differ only as to the princi-
ples of law which should govern it. Mr. Gal-
laher was a paymaster in the Navy. He was
in the habit of drawing his drafts upon the
Assistant Treasurer at New York. He was in
the habit of having them cashed, as was done
in this case by a banking firm in this city.
His drafts had never been dishonored. The
bankers purchased this bill, at the time stated
in this report, in good faith, without any notice
whatever of the state of the accounts between
liim and the Government, paying him or
placing to his credit upon their books $1,500.
Of this sum upward of $400 was checked" out
by Mr. Gallaher before the bill was protested.
. These, in brief, are the facts in the case.
The question is whether Lewis Johnson & Co.,
the bankers in question, ought not under the
circumstances to be indemnified for the amount
they had paid to Mr. Gallaher before notice
of the dishonor of this draft.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President, I would not
have said a word about this matter if it had
not appeared to me that nobody in the Senate
listened to the reading of the report, and very
few listened to the remarks of my friend from
Indiana.
The sum involved in this bill is a very small
one, but the principle involved in it is an
immense one, and 1 really think the Senate
ought to know what they are voting about
before they vote.
This man was a paymaster, as the Senator
from Indiana has mentioned. He was not a
creditor of the Government; the Government
did not owe him anything; but, pretending
ibat he was a creditor of the Government, he
drew his check on the office of the Assistant
Treasurer in New York. I have heard of a
great many men doing just such things, and I
have heard of bankers discounting drafts drawn
under those circumstances ; but I never heard
that because a man drew his draft on any insti-
tution which did not owe him and anybody else
saw fit to discount the draft, for that reason,
1 he party who did not owe the drawer was com-
pelled to pay the draft. That is all there is of
this case.
If we pay this money, we pay it simply be-
cause this man drew the draft, not because we
owed the man who drew it; and if we are
compelled to pay it, I think we ought to ap-
point a special thanksgiving at once to Mr.
Gallaher for not drawing a draft of four mil-
lions instead of fifteen hundred dollars, be-
cause if we were liable for one sum, I suppose
we should be liable for the other if he had
seen fit to mention so high a figure.
Recollect the report finds, and my friend
states, that no part of this was disbursed for
the benefit of the United States. It was a draft
drawn by Gallaher. and passed to his credit
in the bank, and subsequently he checked $400
of it, and used it for his own purposes.
Mr. PRATT. I beg to inquire of my friend
from Wisconsin, who has just addressed the
Senate, whether it was not a part of the evi-
dence in this case that the paymaster was in
the habit of having these drafts cashed in the
manner that this one was cashed by Lewis
I Johnson & Co., and whether these gentlemen
had not the right to infer from a long course
of similar dealings with Mr. Gallaher, and the
fact that his drafts had always been honored
by the Assistant Treasurer, and from the fur-
ther consideration that it was one officer of
the Government drawing his draft upon an-
other officer of the Government, and from
Mr. Gallaher having secured the Government
by a bond with a large penalty, but not, it
seems, sufficient to cover his actual defalca-
tion—I say I wish to inquire of my friend
whether these were not among the facts in the
case that he has omitted to state, and whether
they did not justify this banking firm in be-
lieving this check would be honored as all
previous ones had been?
Mr. HOWE. I do not remember what the
evidence was upon the question of usage. I
will admit anything that my friend from Indi-
ana says about that. It is my habit to draw
bills on a certain bank in Green Bay. When
they owe me they always pay those bills ; and
I do not remember that they ever refused to
pay one yet; but I take it if I should happen
to draw a bill on the bank when it did not owe
me, the bank would not be compelled to pay
it because it always had paid my bills. I
think that is the answer in the case of Mr.
Gallaher.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the indefinite postponement of the
bill.
Mr. PRATT. I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 40, nays 4 ; as follows :
' YEAS—Messrs. Alcorn. Ames, Anthony, Bayard,
Buckingham, Caldwell, Carpenter, Casserly, Chand-
ler, Clayton, Cole, Conkling, Cooper, Corbett, Ed-
munds, Fenton, Ferry of Connecticut, Flanagan,
Frelinghuysen, Howet Johnston, Kelly, Machen,
Morrill ot Vermont,Norwood, Patterson, Ransom,
Rice, Robertson, Saulsbury, Schurz, Scott. Sher-
man, Stewart, Tipton, Trumbull, Vickers, Wilson,
Windorn, and Wright—40.
NAYS—Messrs. Hitchcock, Osborn, Pratt, and
Ramsey—4.
ABSENT—Messrs. Blair, Boreman, Brownlow,
Cameron, Cragin, Davis, Ferry of Michigan, Gilbert,
Ooldthwaite, Hamilton of Maryland, Hamilton of
I Texas,Hamlin,Harlan. Hill, Kellogg. Lewis, Logan,
| Morrill of Maine, Morton, Nye, Pomeroy, Pool,
Sawyer, Spencer, Sprague. Stevenson, Stockton,
Sumner, Thurman, and West—30.
! So the bill was indefinitely postponed.
' B1UDGK OVER OUACHITA RIVKR.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 597) to authorize the Little Rock,
Pine Bluff, and Arkadelphia Southwestern
Railroad Company to construct a bridge over
the Ouachita river at or near Arkadelphia,
Arkansas.
The bill was considered as in Committee of
the Whole.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That bill omits what
other bills have provided, that this shall be
subject to the future legislation of Congress.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
• should have stated that the bill is reported
with amendments which may cover the objec-
tion. There is such a section in the amend-
ments, the Chair understands.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to hear the
section.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there is
no objection to the present consideration of
the bill, the amendments will be read.
i Mr. EDMUNDS. I should want to hear
the amendments.
| The amendments were read.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move to amend the
| last amendment by striking out the words, "in
, case of a violation thereof by said company
: or," and inserting the word "and" in lieu
j thereof, so that it will read in substance, ''that
j the right to amend or repeal this act, and to
i prevent or remove all material obstructions to
i the navigation of said river in the construction
| of said bridge, is hereby expressly reserved."
j I do not think we ought to be required to have
i a judicial determination as to whether the
company has violated the act before we should
be entitled to consider whether the public
good required it to he amended.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Secre-
tary has reported the amendments proposed
by the committee, and the first, question is on
adopting the first amendment proposed.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That being the pending
question, I move to amend the amendment
proposed by the committee by changing its
wording in the way proposed.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Vermont has moved to amend the
last amendment of the committee, not the
first.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I thought the question
was put on the whole.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. No; on
each amendment separately.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then let the first amend-
ment be reported.
The Chief Cleuk. The first amendment of
the Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads
is to strike out the following proviso at the
end of the first section :
Provided further, That the said company may also
charge and receive reasonable compensation or toils
for the transit over the said bridge of ail wagons,
oarriages, vehicles, animals, and foot passengers.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section two,
lines sixteen and seventeen, to strike out
"two hundred feet" and insert "one hundred
and sixty feet on either side of the pivot
pier," so as to read : " and with spans of not
less than one hundred and sixty feet on either
Side of the pivot pier."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section two,
lines twenty-four, twenty-five, and twenty-six,
to strike out the words " whose construction
shall not be such as to admit of their passage
under the permanent spans of said bridge,
except when trains are passing over the same,
but" and insert the word "and;" so as to
read, "that said draw shall be opened
promptly, upon reasonable notice or signal,
tor the passage of boats, and in no case shall
unnecessary delay occur," &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section three,
to strike out in lines three, four, five, and six,
the words "and all trains of all roads term-
inating at said river, at or opposite said point,
shall be allowed to cross said bridge for rea-
sonable compensation, to be made to said rail
road company."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert as sec
tion four the following:
Sec. 4. That all railway companies desiring to use
the said bridge shall have and be entitled to equal
rights and privileges in the passage of the same,
and in the use of the machinery and fixtures thereof,
and of all the approaches thereto, under and upon
such terms and conditions as shall be proscribed by
the Secretary of War, upon hearing the allegations
and proofs of the parties in case they shall not
agree.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert as section
five the following:
Skc. 5. That the structure herein authorized shall
be built under and subject to such regulations for
the security of the navigation of said river and lake
as the Seoretary of War shall prescribe, and tlio
said structure shall be, at all times, so kept and
managed as to offer reasonable and proper means
for the passage of vessels through and under said
structure; and the said structure shall be changed
at the cost and expense of the owners thereof, irom
time to time, as Congress may direct, so as to pre-
serve the free and convenient navigation of said
river ; and the authority to erect and continue saul
bridge shall be subject to revocation by law when-
ever the public good shall, in the judgment of Con-
gress, so require.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section [four]
six, after the word "company," in line two,
to insert the words " or to prevent or remove
all material obstructions to the navigation of
said river by the construction of said bridge. '1
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move to amend the
