1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1067
the bonds given for them, and I cannot sup-
pose that a bond of ten years' date would float
at anything like its par value when it could not
be used as currency and when money as cur-
rency is worth for the sake of simple conven-
ience that which we know it to be worth.
Therefore it seems to me that the proposition
is not based upon reason, and would really
defeat the entire value of the proposition to
allow the Secretary of the Treasury to give
these bonds at his option in exchange for
Government notes when he had not the gold
to meet them, as is proposed by the bill.
As I have said, I believe the general tendency
of this bill, which I shall vote for when it shall
have been properly guarded and amended as I
have mentioned, will be to lead to a reestab-
lishment of the use of money of value among
our people, so that when the laboring man, he
of the poor, unfriended, ignorant mass, shall
receive his money, he shall feel that has a
value in itself that is not dependent upon spec-
ulators, upon the breath of bank presidents, or
upon the breath of Congress itself; that when
he receives the money in exchange for his labor
he shall know that he has something of value,
a quid pro quo which is what he is entitled to
have, but which paper money never gave him.
Mr. THURMAN. Mr. President, before
the vote is taken on the amendment I offered,
I wish to submit a few more brief remarks^
the result of some reflection since this bill was
under consideration yesterday.
I am strongly inclined to the belief, after
looking more carefully into this bill, that the
Senator from New York [Mr. Fenton] was
right yesterday when he said it was not even
a step toward the resumption of specie pay-
ments. I am strongly inclined to believe that
the whole effect of this bill, if passed, will be
to fund greenbacks in five per cent, bonds, and
to supply the vacancy caused by their being
retired with an equivalent amount of national
bank notes. That is the whole of the bill,
apart from one section which is to relieve the
banks from the necessity of keeping their re-
serve. That is a distinct proposition of itself,
which has no necessary connection with the
other provisions of the bill.
Then, sir, the question is just this: are we
prepared to pay $17,800,000 annually by
funding these greenbacks, which are con-
fessedly as good if not a better currency than
we shall have if they be retired and replaced
by national bank notes? Now, I want some-
body to give me some reason why we should
every year pay $18,000,000 in round numbers
in the shape of interest on five per cent, bonds
by retiring the $356,000,000 of greenbacks
now in circulation when those greenbacks
will be replaced, not by gold, not by silver,
but by a bank paper currency not as good as
the greenbacks that are retired. For the life
of me I cannot see why we should do so.
I can see why men who want to establish
national banks, why capitalists should wish to
have these greenbacks funded and to fill the
vacancy created by their being retired with
national bank notes; but why anybody not
thus interested should want this Government
to pay $18,000,000 a year without receiving
any benefit whatever, without having produced
any gold currency whatever in the country, and
merely having substituted national bank notes
for greenbacks, a currency not half as accept-
able to the people as the greenbacks, is past
my comprehension. And yet that is it, and
that is almost all there is in this bill. It is to
retire the greenbacks, and they will be retired
if tho bill pass, because, inasmuch as you can
supply their place with national bank notes if
this bill pass, the restriction upon the amount
of national bank circulation being repealed,
any number of national banks may be set up
anywhere in the country. If you pass this
bill and continue it on your statute-books it
will be but a very short time before every
dollar of your greenbacks will be funded.
Well, sir, if we are to go into such an opera-
tion as that, it seems to me that the lower
the rate of interest at which you can fund them
the better, and the more I am satisfied that
even if you give two per cent, interest on the
bonds into which you fund them they will be
funded.
Why will they be funded ? Why should
they not be funded even in a two per cent.-t
bond ? It is no answer to say that money is
worth more than two per cent. That would
be an answer if it were not for the fact that by
this bill you propose to make free banking,
with an unlimited power to issue bank notes,
and therefore to supply just as much currency
as the country can need without nsing a dollar
of greenbacks. Therefore, if these greenbacks
can be funded, where persons desire a tempo-
rary disposition of money awaiting some better
investment that will be done; or where the
banks choose to keep them as part of their
reserve, they will fund them even at two per
cent, if you allow them to do so, as you did in
the case of the three per cent, certificates, and
substitute them for bank notes or greenbacks
as part of the reserve.
But whether that will be the case or not, I
come back to the proposition that we ought
not to pay $18,000,000 a year simply for the
purpose of issuing bank-note currency instead
of-greenback currency. Mr. President, I say
eighteen millions. That is not all, for I do
not agree with my colleague that the debt may
not be indefinitely increased if this bill pass,
unless some amendment shall be made which
will prevent it. Why can it not be indefinitely
increased? He says it cannot be because the
receipts are equal to the expenditures of the
Government. Well, suppose they are, and
suppose they continue to be, how will that
operate to prevent an increase of the debt
under the provisions of this bill? Let us see.
Suppose that to-day a man comes to the Sec-
retary of the Treasury with a thousand dollars
in greenbacks and says " Give me a five per
cent, bond for these greenbacks," and the
Secretary does it, and the money is put into
the Treasury, and the bond is given to the
man. To-morrow that money is paid out, as
this bill authorizes it to be paid out, in dis-
charge of some ofthe ordinary expenses of the
Government. The bill itself provides that it
may be paid out, reissued to pay the ordinary
expenses of the Government. It is paid outto-
morrow in discharge of some of the ordinary
expenses of the Government and goes into
circulation, and the next day the identical
thousand dollars comes back to the Treasury,
and a new bond is to be issued for that on
demand. The next day it is paid out again,
and the next day after it returns again to have
another bond issued for it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I would ask my colleague
now what has become of the money that has
come into the Treasury in the mean time from
other sources? Cannot that be used to redeem
the public debt ? The money is coming in as
rapidly as it goes out. I said before to my
colleague that it is hardly worth while to
debate a proposition about which there is no
controversy, because we will put in words
directing that in no event shall the public debt
be increased under this act, if there is any
difficulty about it. There is no trouble about
it; and it is utterly impossible, I assure my
colleague. If this money is received for bonds
and bonds issued and money again issued and
issued a dozen times, it may pay within a
month five times the amount of the currency
thus received on the current expenses of the
Government; but iu the mean time there is
money coming into the Treasury from other
sources, and that must necessarily be applied
to the payment of the debt.
Mr. FENTON. But there ia this to be con-
sidered, that money put into the Treasury
to-day, say a thousand dollars to illustrate,
and paid out to-morrow for current expenses,
may not be restored immediately from the
current receipts. Of course, if the annual
receipts were equal to the annual expenditures,
it could be returned some time during the
year and invested in six per cent, bonds. But
there would be a loss of interest between the
time of paying it in and receiving in payment a
thousand-dollar five per cent, bond and the
time of paying it out for a six per cent, bond,
besides the possible premium which the latter
bond might then command.
Mr. SHERMAN. My friend from New
York is reducing this proposition to a loss of
interest during the time within which we might
pay for the six per cent, bonds.
Mr. FENTON. Precisely so, but with that
loss and the possibility that the current receipts
of the Government would not be able at any
time to meet its outgoes, covers the whole
case.
Mr. SHERMAN. I admit that if the cur-
rent receipts of the Government should not
equal its current expenditures, then we are in
a very bad condition, and the sooner we com-
mence levying taxes again the better.
Mr. FENTON. Or have a new loan.
Mr. SHERMAN. A new loan or a new
tax law ; but as long as the receipts are flow-
ing into the Treasury as rapidly as our outgo,
it is utterly impossible to increase the public
debt under this act.
Mr. FENTON. It would be impossible
perhaps to any great extent without some
perversion of the intention of the framer of
this bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. We hope our officers will
not do that, but, as I said before, I have no
objection to inserting words such as these put
into the funding bill two years ago to meet
such an argument:
" That nothing in this act shall be construed to
authorize any increase whatever of the bonded debt
of the United States."
There is no difference of opinion about the
meaning of it; it is only a difference as to the
operation of the law. I think it is as certain
as fate that it is utterly impossible to increase
the public debt under this bill, and yet my
colleague, we all know, is an able man, and
he thinks it can be. We can provide easily
against that by a proviso such as I have indi-
cated.
Mr. THURMAN. I have no disposition to
argue a proposition about which there is no
controversy, and therefore if the bill is to be
amended in that way I do not want to take
up the time of the Senate in arguing it. I
still think, however, that I am right, and that
I could demonstrate, even to the satisfaction
of my colleague, that I am right about it; but
I do not want to consume further time on
that.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Before the
Senator leaves that point about increasing the
indebtedness of the country, I should like to
ask him a question, with his permission.
Mr. THURMAN. Certainly.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The practice
of the Government is to receive gold and give
certificates of deposit. I desire to ask the
Senator if he considers that an increase of
the indebtedness of the Government ? That
is the precise effect this would have, and no
other.
Mr. THURMAN. I do not know what
bearing that has upon this matter. It may
have, but I do not perceive it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. We issue
bonds 
Mr. THURMAN. You issue gold certifi-
cates, I know, but you have the gold in place
of them.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. And we issue
bonds and have bills in place of them.
Mr. THURMAN. The Government issues
gold cerlificates and has the gold for them. I
suppose it is about as well off with the gold as
the man is with the gold certificates. It may
be my obtuseness, no doubt it is; but I do
not see the point.
I wish to say one thing here about the effect
