1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
103
amendment by striking out in lines one and
two the words. in case of a violation thereof
by said company, or" and insert the word
" and so that the section will read :
Sue. L-ljfi- That tho right to alter or amend this
act. .niil to prevent or remove all material obstruc-
tion# to the navigation of said river by theconstruc-
tion  f said bridge, is hereby expressly reserved.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The amendment as amended was agreed to.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move to strike out in
the text of the bill the words conferring exclu-
sive jurisdiction on the district court to try ail
lawsuits which may arise, touching the navi-
gation of the river and the obstruction of this
bridge. The Constitution was designed to
give citizens of the United States a rather
broader remedy than to be confined to one
local district court in asserting their rights of
navigation in the public rivers of the United
States. The effect of that clause as it now
stands would be to prevent all suits in the cir-
cuit court having a different judge and a
broader jurisdiction, and all means of redress
in coming to the Supreme Court of the United
States, in a case of ever so much importance,
which, I am sure, could hardly have been
designed. I therefore move to strike out those
words that relate to the jurisdiction of the
court, so as to leave it on the general princi-
ples of the judiciary proceedings of the United
States.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Secre-
tary will report the amendment of the Senator
from Vermont.
The Chief Clerk. That portion of the bill
now reads :
And in case of any litigation arising from any
allege 1 obstruction of the navigation of said river
created by the construction of said bridge, or in the
construction of this act, the same shall be tried in
the district court of the United States in which said
alleged obstruction is located.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is what I move to
strike out.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Vermont.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendments were concurred
in. The bill was ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading, was read the third time, and
passed.
obstruction at sandy hook.
Mr. CONKLTNG. There is on the table a
bill from the House of Representatives, No.
9124, to which I think there can be no objec-
tion, and as the case is an urgent one I ask
unanimous consent to take it up and put it on
its passage.
The Chief Clerk read the title of the bill
(H. R. No. 3124) to provide for the removal
of the sunken wreck which now obstructs the
channel-way off Sandy Hook.
Mr. CONKLING. The title indicates suffi-
ciently what the bill is. In the roadstead there
is a sunken schooner which is a very danger-
ous thing as reported, and it ought to be re-
moved at once. Of course it concerns the
commerce of the whole nation alike that it
■hould be. The bill simply provides for that.
It has, however, in conclusion, a clause added
by way of amendment in the other House,
which, I am informed, was somewhat inad-
vertent, to which I wish to call the atten-
tion of the Senate, and I shall probably move
to strike it out as being not only unnecessary
but probably doing some harm. If the Sec-
retary wih read the bill the Senate will see
\v:iat it is. |
The bill was read twice. It appropriates !
the sum of $15,000, or so much thereof as '
may be necessary, to be expended under the !
direction of the Secretary of War, for the
purpose of removing the sunken wreck which
now obstructs the channel-way off Sandy
Hook, New York, with a proviso that the
owners, charterers, or insurers of such vessel
who may be liable for the obstruction, shall
first be notified to remove the obstruction, and
in case it is not immediately removed it shall
then be removed by the Secretary of War, and
the amount so expended shall be repaid to the
United States by the persons liable, or if not
repaid on demand shall be recovered in a
proper action brought therefor.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That proviso does not
do any harm if they are not liable.
Mr. CONKLING. Is the bill before the
Senate?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there be
no objection the bill is before the Senate as in
Committee of the Whole. Is there objection ?
The Chair hears none, and it is before the
Senate as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. CONKLING. Now, I have only to say
that here is a letter from General Humphreys,
chief of engineers, in regard to the amount
necessary to do this, and in regard to the loca-
tion of the wreck. This schooner is sunk in
the main channel or roadstead leading to the
harbor of New York. It is unnecessary to
enlarge upon that.
The Senate has not failed to observe that
the latter part of this bill is a provision that
the owner or other person liable for this ob-
struction shall be notified before anything is
done. My friend from Vermont suggested to
me in an undertone a moment ago that it did
no harm. I suggest to him and to the Senate
that it does. In the first place, it is to be
somebody's business to find out the person
supposed to be liable and to give notice to that
person. Then, of course, the United States
must wait to see whether that person removes
the wreck ; whereas time is of the essence and
importance of the case.
Now, Mr. President, I venture to make this
suggestion : if my bark founders at sea and
goes down, whether in Hampton Roads, or
Long Island Sound, or the roadstead near
Sandy Hook, and your vessel runs over this
wreck and is lost, I know of no law under which
I am liable. But the liability here implied
goes far beyond that. The theory is that I am
liable for the fact that the wreck of my vessel
resides there. My vessel has gone down upon
the high seas, and the idea seems to be that
any nation which chooses to sue, if nations
could go into court, might maintain an action
for the benefit of itself and all others who
should choose to go in and contribute, against
me for leaving that wreck there. Now, I
know of no such law, and I believe other Sen-
ators with whom I have conversed somewhat
know not of it. As my friend from Maine
[Mr. Hamlin] suggests, any individual owner
engaged in navigation might claim the same
right.
This is not a nuisance which the former
owner of that vessel is maintaining and which
any law can compel him to abate. By the
peril of the sea his property was lost, his ves-
sel was wrecked ; it has gone down, and gone
down at a point where the bottom is so near
the surface that the lying of that vessel there
imperils every other vessel that passes over it.
That is the case.
If the proviso is mere surplusage, I will not
move to strike it out; but if, as I apprehend,
and as a colleague of mine in the House who
is very competent on this subject to speak
agrees with me in thinking, it will lead inev-
itably to a delay and to a difficulty beyond that,
owing to the fact that nobody perhaps will be
able to point out the person indicated here as
the one liable—if in truth anybody is liable—
if it will lead to delay and confusion, then I
prefer to move to strike out the ultimate lan-
guage in this bill beginning with " provided "
and leave the bill as it was recommended by
the officer and as it was introduced and as it
is supposed it was intended to be passed in the
House, although this amendment in some
haste, when the House was about adjourning,
was placed upon it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator make a motion?
Mr. CONKLING. Yes, sir; I move to
strike out the concluding words.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Let those words
be read again.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to have the
letter of the chief of engineers read, which will
show the circumstances.
Mr. CONKLING. It does not show them.
Mr. EDMUNDS. But the circumstances
which bear on the propriety of the immediate
passage of this bill.
Mr. CONKLING. Yes, sir.
The Chief Clerk read the following letter :
Office op the Chief of Engineers,
Washington. D. C., December 6,1872.
Sik: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt
of your letter of December 5, inclosing a resolu-
tion of the House of Representatives, December 4,
in regard to tbe removal of a wreck in the channel-^
way off Sandy Hook, New York; and in reply to"
your request for sucb information on the subject
as this office may be able to furnish, I have, with
the sanction of the honorable Secretary of War,
respectfully to report that immediately upon my
attention being called to the great obstruction to
navigation caused by this wreck, General Newton,
the officer in charge of the improvement of East
river and New York harbor, was instructed to have
an examination made without delay, and to submit
an estimate of the cost of removal. This report, with
estimate, has not yet been received. But from all
the information at present available, and from the
experience acquired in the removal of wrecks, it
appears to be probable that an appropriation of
$15,000 will be sufficient to clear the channel-way of
this present obstruction.
The report of General Newton will be transmitted
as soon as received.
The resolution and letter of Mr. Georgo W. Blunt
are herewith returned, in accordance with your
request.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant.
A. A. HUMPHREYS,
Brigadier General and Chief of Engineers.
Hon. S. Shellabakger, M. C., Chiirman Committee
on Commerce, House of Representatives, Washing-
ton, jD. C.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to hear the
clause read which it is proposed to strike out.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Provided, That the owners, charterers, or insurers
of such vessel who may be liable for such obstruc-
tion shall first be notified to remove the obstruction,
and in case it is not immediately removed, it shall
then be removed by the Secretary of War under the
provisions of this act; and the amount so expended
shall be repaid to the United States by the persons
liable, or if not repaid on demand, shall be recov-
ered under a proper action to be brought therefor.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I hope the Senator from
New York will not press that motion. I do
not think there can be any substantial diffi-
culty in ascertaining who may be the owner
of the vessel that was cast away there, because
all vessels have to be registered or enrolled,
as we know, and a wreck of that kind is a
public calamity that is notified to everybody.
It is just possible that the vessel might have
been cast away under such circumstances that
the owner could at common law be compelled
to get it out of the way of navigation, where
it is in a harbor instead of being on the high
seas. It is just possible that there might be
a state of circumstances—though it is pretty
hard to conceive of it, I confess—where it
would be lawful to compel, the owners of this
vessel to repay the expense, if they will not
do it themselves, of making the removal. If
there is such a lawful case, then of course
the Senator from New York would be glad to
have them do it.
Mr. CONKLING. My friend observes that
this is put in the alternative. They are to
inform the owner or insurer or other person
liable. Of course it would be very simple to
ascertain in whose name this vessel is regis-
tered. He will see therefore that this is a
somewhat nebulous, discretionary, floating sort
of direction given to whoever is to accomplish
this object, and the point here is that while
they are thus notified, and while they are wait-
ing either for the owner or insurer or charterer
or somebody else to take this vessel out, that
