1068
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 4,
of this bill. If it pass, its effect would be at
first, undoubtedly, to increase the value of the
greenback; provided always that a five per
cent, bond would be at par. Then the value
of tie greenback would be increased. That
is to say, if the five per cent, bond was at par
in<gold and it could be purchased with green-
backs, it would bring greenbacks almost up to
the value of gold itself.
Mr. FENTON. The Senator will allow
me—.—
Mr. THURMAN. Certainly.
Mr. FENTON. I do not think you can
bring up greenbacks to the level of gold by
any arbitrary rule. The holders of greenbacks
would doubtless invest them in these five per
cent.,bonds if they had not any immediate
profitable uses for them. The bill simply an-
nounces the fact that the Government cur-
rency may be invested- in the Government
bonds. There is nothing in it to bring the
greenback to an equality with gold, and there
can be no assurance of permanent specie
resumption except by the convertibility of
the paper into gold on demand. It is hardly
possible to effect that when the circulation
is so great as it is now. We have over
$200,000,000 of currency, and I suppose not
more than $150,000,000 of gold this side of
tfag Pacific all told, in Treasury, in banks
and in the hands of speculators. If the Treas-
ury should unlock the gold it has in paying
bonds, or redeeming these greenbacks, it
Jtould be difficult to get it back. It would
only return through customs duties and by
purchase at the market premium. In either
case we would haye to pay for it dearly.
I do not mean that I am in favor of holding
the large amount of gold in the Treasury of
the past two years. But that is neither here
nor there in the discussion of this point. What
I want to say is, until you reach the condition
when the greenback is exchangeable into coin
at the pleasure of the holder, it will not go up
to the par of gold, notwithstanding the holder
of it may get a five per cent, gold bearing
bond at the Treasury.
Mr. THURMAN. I assume that a five per
cent, bond will be worth par in gold. That is
a hypothetical case. I do not say it will be
worth par in gold-, but if it should be worth
par in gold, then it does seem to me that if it
can be purchased with a greenback you have
brought the greenback pretty nearly up to
specie payment.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. I should like to
ask the Senator whether it is not the fact now
that five per cents are at par in gold?
Mr. THURMAN. It is so stated. I do not
know how long they may remain at that. But
assuming It to be so, it seems to me that the
effect of making the five per cent bond worth
par in gold, purchasable with greenbacks, is
to make greenbacks pretty nearly specie pay-
ing, or worth the value of coin very nearly if
not quite.
Then, Mr. President, I wish to call attention
to the effect this bill will have. Its effect, as
I said, will first be, if passed, to cause alt the
greenbacks to be retired ; for every dollar of
them will go into these bonds. The banks
then must do what ? The banks then must
redeem their notes in coin or forfeit their
charters j that is inevitable, or Congress must
undo what it has been doing. How much
eurrency can you have when the banks are
compelled to redeem their notes in coin ? How
much currency will the country have then ?
.these greenbacks will be retired. How much
currency can the banks keep out on a specie-
paying basis ? There is a question for you. If
it shall turn out that they cannot keep out as
much as the present circulation, that they can-
not keep out seven hundred and odd millions
then you have at once, within seven or eight
months, or a year from this time, or at the
most within eighteen months of ihis time, pro-
duced a great reduction in the currency ot the
country.
What would be the effect of that ? The effect
of it would be that every man who owes a debt
will find it harder to pay it; and the effect of
this bill will be to favor the creditor class of
the community, and make it more difficult for
people to pay their debts. Now the indebt-
edness of the country is tremendous. There
never was a time in the history of this country
when theindividualand corporate indebtedness
of the country was increasing as fast as it is
now. If you resume, as speedily as this bill
proposes, what will be the state of affairs, if,
within a few months after this bill became a
law—say within six months, and that would be
a long time for business men to act in—the
whole of this $356,000,000 in greenbacks
should be funded in five per cent, bonds, then
where would your banks be? Every one of
them deprived of a medium which they now
may pay out in redemption of their notes, and
every one of them then bound to redeem their
notes in specie or forfeit their charters.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. Will the Sen
ator allow me to interrupt him just there?
Mr. THURMAN. Yes, sir.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. Has the Senator
lost sight of the act of 1868, which prohibits
the Secretary of the Treasury from further
retiring and canceling the greenbacks?
Mr. THURMAN. No, sir ; I have not lost
sight of it. Nor have I lost sight of this very
bill, which authorizes him to pay them out
again.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. Jf they were
paid out there would be a medium through
which the banks could redeem their own
notes. There would be a guard against their
being forced to redeem in coin. If the Secre-
tary of the Treasury reissued the United
States notes they would form the basis again
for the redemption of the bank notes.
Mr. THURMAN. If the Secretary could
all the time pay them out as fast as they came
in, of course that would be the case. But if he
did not do that, just to the extent to which
they are kept in the Treasury, just to the same
extent, would the means of redeeming their
circulation in legal tenders be taken away
from the bants, and they be compelled to pay
specie for their notes. But no matter what
amount he may pay out, the necessary and in-
evitable effect of it is either one or two things :
either to inflate the currency by an unlimited
amount of bank issues which are not specie
paying at all, upon which no specie is to be
paid 
Mr. BAYARD. They are to be redeemed
in notes that are equivalent to specie.
Mr. THURMAN. Well, if they are, then
how long can they be kept out? How large a
volume can be kept out?
Mr. BAYARD. The law of demand and
supply will regulate that always.
Mr. THURMAN. Then we have no more
specie-paying currency really than we have
now. Your bank notes are still simply re-
deemable in the legal tenders. It seems to
me, in any way in which this bill can be looked
at, it must necessarily disturb the business rela-
tions of the country, and that in a very serious
way. But I do not wish to say anything further
upon the general merits of the bill. I do in-
sist, however, that it is not our duty to convert
$356,000,000 of greenbacks into interest-bear-
ing bonds and then use the greenbacks right
away again. In the name of sense, of what
use is that except to give the present holders
of the greenbacks a right to procure a five per
cent, bond for them, and thus to draw
$18,000,000 annually out of the Treasury?
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. I would not
unnecessarily interrupt the Senator from
Ohio, but I should like his judgment upon
this point: upon the supposition that the Sec-
retary of the Treasury would retire the whole
$356,000,000 of greenbacks, is there any prob-
ability that he would hold them in the face of
public judgment and sentiment?
Mr. THURMAN. What would he do with
them 1 My colleague says that the receipts
all the while are equal to the expenditures, so
that it will not be necessary to use one single
dollar of the greenbacks which are received
for bonds in payment of the ordinary expenses
of the Government. My colleague has told us
that again and again. Then what must be
done with them? You must let them lie in
the Treasury, or you must buy six percenis
with them, and you buy the six per cents, we
know, at a very considerable premium in
greenbacks.
Mr. SHERMAN. At par in gold.
Mr. THURMAN. That is what must be
done with them. You must employ them to
buy your six per cents, or you must keep them
in the Treasury, for, as my colleague says, the
receipts are all the time equal to the expendi-
tures of the Government. But then let us see
another thing. Suppose we fund the six per
cents. You have another bill by which you
propose to fund the six per cents and turn
them all into fives. Suppose Mr. Secretary
Boutwell, with his syndicates, undertakes that
operation now; will these five per cents be due
before thirty years hence?
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. At the pleas-
ure of the Government, after ten years.
Mr. THURMAN. Then they are ten-thir-
ties. Yery well, then. For ten years you can-
not pay them off; for ten years you cannot
redeem a single one of those bonds.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, what little
I say on this subject I should like to say now,
as I expect to have to return to a committee-
room very shortly.
I feel, Mr. President, a deep interest in re-
gard to this bill, as it is one which must affect
the people for weal or for woe very seriously.
I differ with great reluctance from the chair-
man of the Committee on Finance and from
the judgment of the distinguished Senators
who are on that committee. I do not pretend
to have very much faith in my own judgment
on the subject of finance ; but I think it my
duty to express the opinions I have.
In the first place, Mr. President, this bill
does not carry out the theory which has been
announced by the chairman of the Committee
on Finance in regard to greenbacks. That
theory^ is that they are a promise to pay a
dollar in gold for the dollar expressed on the
face of the greenbacks; and 1 think that is
true. This bill does not carry out that prin-
ciple, because it authorizes the Secretary of
the Treasury to pay in gold or to pay in five
per cent, bonds, giving not the bill-holder,
but giving the Secretary of the Treasury the
option to pay in coin or to pay in other prom-
ise which may or may not be equivalent to
coin. Therefore it does not carry out the
theory that is maintained in regard to the obli-
gation of the Government created by green-
backs
Mr. SCOTT. Will the Senator permit me
to call his attention to the fact that the bill
does not impose any obligation on the holder
of the greenback to take a five per cent, bond
in case the Secretary of the Treasury is not
able to pay him in gold, and therefore he would
be in no worse position than he is at present'''
Mr. MORTON. I agree to that. The bill-
holder is not bound to take the coin, nor is he
bound to take the five per cent bond, but you
cannot call that bill a bill to resume specie
payments which gives not to the bill-holder
but to the Secretary of the Treasury the priv-
ilege to pay him in a bond or not to pay him at
all. Therefore, I say that this is not a bill to
resume specie payments, but it is a bill to give
the Secretary of the Treasury the option to pay
in coin or to pay in another promise, a five per
cent, bond, and does not approach the real-
ization of the principle which it is claimed the
greenback involves.
Now, Mr. President, I wish to examine for
a moment the provisions of this bill. In the
first place, the notes of the United States are
to be redeemed only in the city of New York.
