1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
105
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Secre-
tary will report the words proposed to be in-
serted as modified.
The Chief Clerk. The amendment as
modified reads :
P, 'ivided. Thnt nothing; herein contained, or any
aeiion to lie had hereunder, shall relieve lrom liabil-
ity any person liable tor said obstruction.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendment was concurred
in. It was ordered that the amendment be
engrossed and the bill read athird time. The
bill was read the third time, and pasged.
COMPOUND INTEREST NOTES.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Secre-
tary will proceed with the next bill in order on
the Calendar.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 320) to authorize compound interest
notes as a substitute for legal-tender notes.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. This bill
is reported adversely by the Committee on
Finance. The question is on its indefinite
postponement.
The bill was postponed indefinitely.
sxecctive session.
Mr. CAMERON. I move that the Senate
now proceed to the consideration of executive
business.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of executive
business. After twenty-six minutes spent in
executive session, the doors were reopened, and
(at three o'clock and thirty minutes p. m.) the
Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, December 10, 1872.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler, D. D.
The Clerk proceeded to read the Journal
of yesterday.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I move that
the further reading of the Journal be dis-
pensed with, in order to go to the considera-
tion of the appropriation bill, which has been
made the special order for this morning.
Objection was made.
The Journal of yesterday was then read
and approved.
mississippi levees.
Mr. MOREY, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution ; which was
read, considered, and agreed to :
Hftnlvml, That the special Committee on the
L"vees of the Mississippi be authorized to employ a
clerk during the present session of Congress.
bridge across the mississippi.
Mr. RUSK, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution ; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
lb wived. That the Secretary of War be requested
t<> «end to tbi? House, at as early a day as practi-
cable. copies oi'thereport of the chief of engineers,
approved by him, arid locating a bridge across the
Mississippi river at LaCro^se, Wisconsin, together
with the report of the board of engineers appointed
to locate said bridge, and all papers connected with
said location.
morning hour.
Mr. SARGENT. I demand the regular
order of business.
homestead for soldiers and sailors.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour begins
at half past twelve o'clock, and reports are in
order from the Committee on Military Affairs. |
The pending question is the bill (H. It. No.
1005 j reported from the Committee on Military '
Affairs, by the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. !
Coburn, J to enable honorably discharged sol-
diers and sailors, their widows and orphan |
children, to acquire homesteads on the public
iands of the United Statee. The immediate |
question is on ordering the bill to be engrossed !
and read a third time. I
The bill was read. It provides in the first
section that every private soldier and officer
who has served in the Army of the United
States during the recent rebellion for ninety
days, and who was honorably discharged,
including the troops mustered into the service
of the United States by virtue of the third
section of an act entitled "An act making
appropriations for completing the defenses of
Washington, and for other purposes," ap-
proved February 13, 1862, and every seaman,
marine, and officer, or other person who has
served in the Navy of the United States or in
the Marine corps, during the rebellion, for
ninety days, and who was honorably discharged,
has remained loyal to the Government., shall
be entitled to enter and receive a certificate
for a quantity of public lands (not mineral)
not exceeding one hundred and sixty acres,
or one quarter section, which shall be com-
posed of contiguous tracts, according to legal
subdivisions, including the alternate reserved
sections of public lands along the line of'any
railroad or other public work, or other lands
subject to entry under the homestead laws in
the United States, wherever public lands have
been or may be granted by acts of Congress;
and that said soldier, seaman, marine, or
officer, his heirs or assigns, shall be entitled
to a patent for said land upon complying with
the provisions of an act entitled "An act to
secure homesteads upon the public domain,"
except as provided in this act; provided that
said soldier, seaman, marine, or officer shall
be allowed twelve months after locating
his homestead within which to commence
his settlement and improvement; and pro-
vided also that the time which the soldier,
seaman, marine, or officer shall have served
in the AVray, Navy, or Marine corps aforesaid,
or if discharged on account of wounds re-
ceived, or disability incurred in the line of
duty, then the term of enlistment shall be ;
deducted from the time heretofore required
to perfect title ; and provided further that j
any soldier, seaman, marine, or officer, as
aforesaid, may assign his certificate of entry
within twelve months from the date thereof to
any citizen of the United States over twenty -
one years of age, or person who has declared
his intention to become such, who has not
previously availed himself of the benefits of
the homestead or preemption laws, and said
assignee shall succeed to all the rights of the
said soldier, seaman, marine, or officer ; and
it may be lawful for such assignee to become
the purchaser of certificates to the amount
of not more than one section or three hundred
and twenty acres of land, but the same shall
be contiguous and adjoining, and for the pur-
pose of actual settlement; but no such assignor
of a certificate of entry shall thereafter have j
the right to avail himself of the benefit of J
this act or the acts heretofore passed granting
homesteads to actual settlers, nor shall such j
assignee have the right to acquire any other ]
homestead under said acts; provided, how-
ever, that no patent shall issue to said soldier,
seaman, marine, or officer, or his assignee,
who has not resided upon, improved, and
cultivated his said homestead for a period of
at least two years; and provided further, that
said soldier, seaman, marine, or officer shall
not be required to pay any Government fee.
The second section provides that any person
entitled under the provisions of the foregoing
section to enter a homestead, who may have
heretofore entered under the homestead laws
a quantity of land less than one hundred and
sixty acres, shall be permitted to enter under
the provisions of the act so much land as,
when added to the quantity previously entered,
shall not exceed one hundred and sixty acres.
The third section provides that in case of
the death of any person who would be entitled
to a homestead under the provisions of the
first section of the act, his widow, if unmar-
ried, or in case of her death or marriage, then
his minor orphan children, shall be entitled to
all the benefits enumerated in the act; pro
vided that if such person died during his term
! of enlistment, the whole term of his enlist-
ment shall be deducted from the time hereto-
fore required to perfect the title.
The fourth section provides that every sol-
dier, seaman, marine, and officer who served
in the Army or Navy for the period of ninety
days, and is now inscribed on the pension-
roils of the United States, or may hereafter
be inscribed on the rolls on account of wounds
received or disabilities incurred in the line of
duty, may, in lieu of the rights, privileges, and
benefits hereinbefore conferred, enter upon, by
an agent or attorney, and receive a patent for
one quarter section of land, as provided in
section one of the act, and shall be entitled
to all the benefits of the first section, and lia-
ble to all the provisions thereof, except as to
the personal residence; and that all acts and
things required to be done by the homestead
settler, by the first section, may be done by
the agent or attorney; provided that no agent
or attorney shall act as such for more than one
person at the same time.
The fifth section provides that all declara-
tions and proofs required under the act, and
the former acts granting homesteads to actual
settlers, maybe taken before the judge or clerk
of any court of record in the United States, or
of any State or Territory, and, when duly
authenticated under the official seal of such
court, shall be of the same force and effect as
if taken before the register or receiver of the
proper land office.
The sixth section provides that the Commis-
sioner of the General Land Office shall have
; authority to make all needful rules and regu-
lations to carry into effect the provisions of
t>il6 ftCt
Mr. STOUGHTON. Mr. Speaker, I have
an amendment to suggest to the bill.
The SPEAKER. The recollection of the
Chair is that the gentleman from Indiana,
[Mr. Coburx,] chairman of the Committee on
Military Affairs, moved the previous question
on the bill, and the House refused to sustain
it. The next hour following, under the prac-
tice of the House, belongs to those who op-
posed the bill. The gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Hawley] was on the floor when the
morning hour closed. The Chair will recog-
nize the gentleman from Michigan to succeed
the gentleman from Illinois.
Mr. STOUGHTON. There is a clerical
error in the bill which I desire to have cor-
rected.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illi-
nois will be regarded as holding the floor.
Mr. .STOUGHTON. In line forty-four,
page 3, the word "one" ehould be changed
to " one half," in order to correspond with
the amendment already made. It now reads
"not more than one section or three hundred
and twenty acres of land." The House struck
out "six hundred and forty" and inserted
" three hundred and twenty," and we should
now further amend by striking out "one"
and inserting " one half," so it would read
"not more than one half section or three
hundred and twenty acres of land." I ask
unanimous consent that the amendment be
made.
Mr. HAWLEY, of Illinois. I do not ob-
ject.
Mr. HOLMAN. I did not understand the
amendment.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands
that it is merely a clerical correction.
Mr. STOUGHTON. My amendment is on
page 3, line forty-four of the bill. 1 desire to
make a correction in order to have the bill
correspond with an amendment already made.
The bill originally provided for not more than
one section or six hundred and forty acres of
land. "Six hundred and forty" having been
stricken out and " three hundred and twenty"
inserted, the correction from "one" to "one
half" ought also to be made.
