1873/
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2029
have a good bidder, and.bids made in good
faith, so that you may expect, to have your
work done under the contract.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Five more
minutes have expired.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. Now, sir,
as to my amendment 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
advises the Senator that five more minutes
have expired.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. I can
speak as long as I please on this motion. I
desired to explain my amendment, but my
time was taken up by other Senators. I was
informed that I could say nothing about it on
that account, and hence I submitted a motion
for the indefinite postponement of the bill. I
think such an amendment as this, legislation
like this, ought not to have been offered to this
bill, and I moved to postpone the bill indefi-
nitely in order to say the little I have got to
say on this proposition. Other gentlemen
may do as they please.
Now a word in regard to my amendment.
The honorable Senator from Rhode Island has
informed us that he has an understanding with
this gentleman that if he does not fulfill his
contract he will send the work to the Govern-
ment Printing Office and have it done there.
Is that an insult to this gentleman, I will ask
the honorable Senator from Wisconsin, that
such an arrangement should have been made
between them without it being in writing?
The honorable Senator from Rhode Island
has said that he has so told him. The Sena-
tor feels satisfied that he cannot do the work,
and therefore he says to Mr. Murtagh, " If you
do not perform your contract, we will send the
work to the Government Printing Office, and
have it done there." Does my amendment
go any further than that? It is only doing in
writing what the honorable chairman of the
committee has done in words. I do not desire
any injury to this gentleman any more than
the honorable Senator from Wisconsin. I have
nothing personal against him. I think he will
do the best he can ; but I feel satisfied that he
is to go under, and then we shall have trouble
on our hands in a pecuniary and every other
point of view. But my amendment provides
for just precisely what the honorable Senator
from Rhode Island has said is the verbal un-
derstanding with Mr. Murtagh now. I pro-
vide for a forfeiture of the contract; in other
words, he has got to leave it instantly if it does
not proceed in its execution, and the work go
to the Government Printing Office, where it
will go now if this amendment is not adopted.
I have no desire to insult this geutleinau, but
I repeat my proposition is merely to put in
writing what is understood between the hon-
orable Senator from Rhode Island and Mr.
Murtagh,
Let me call the attention of the honorable
Senator from Wisconsin to one fact. When
we passed a bill the other day abolishing the
franking privilege, an amendment was inserted
that members of Congress should receive no
perquisite in lieu of it, showing that there is
nothing in an amendment of this kind that can
bo in the least objectionable. On the contrary,
it puts the party on his guard. One man may
say our little debates on the subject amounts
to nothing; one gentleman may say one thing
and one another; but when we have the delib-
erate expression of Congress as to what shall,
bo done with the contractor, he understands
his own position, and he understands ours,
and therefore, before he undertakes to enter
into a contract with every word in it explained
to him precisely, and the nature of the work
that is before him, he will pause and consider
before he undertakes to enter into obligations
that he may never be able to fulfill, and may
subject him to no common loss. Therefore I
say I do not think this amendment is out of
order, or that it is insulting to anybody. It is
only telling this gentleman fairly and squarely
what he may expect if he enters into this con-
tract.
Now, Mr. President, I have spoken entirely
in reference to this printing being done by
your Government Printing Office. We have
before us a number of gentlemen who propose
to contract for this work. I do not know
what may occur or what may happen ; but I
do know one thing, that we have the printing
of our debates done well. No gentleman on
this floor can except to it. We all feel satis-
fied with it. We might consider also what
these people have done in the past. When
we were out of money they furnished it. When
we were unable to pay them they continued
the debates and continued them for a year
without receiving pay. The proposition sub-
mitted by the honorable Senator from Maine
[Mr. Hamlin] proposes to giv'e them the con-
tract at an abatement of five per cent on what
they received last year. They have done their
work well. The estimate of the Government
Printer shows that the price is no over-esti-
mate. The bids that have been made under
these proposals, with the exception of the bid
of Mr. Murtagh, shows that their price is no
over-estimate. There is considerable differ-
ence between their bid and that of Mr. Mur-
tagh, but when you come to the bids of
Osborne, and of Ladd & Towers, and those
other men, and the Government Printing
Office, there is in fact very little, if any,
difference between them. Therefore, consider-
ing what the honorable chairman on Printing
has said, that the work cannot be done for the
price indicated in the bid of Mr. Murtagh,
considering what the Superintendent of the
Public Printing has said, why shall we loosen
our moorings? Why shall we, knowing what
we do, go to the uncertain contracts that are
now before us, contracts that cannot be per-
formed with profit to the party ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on postponing the bill indefinitely.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. I with-
draw that motion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Then the
question recurs on the amendment to the
amendment.
Mr. BAYARD. I understand the Senator
from Maryland to withdraw his motion to
indefinitely postpone.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. So the Chair
understands.
Mr. BAYARD. The matter of public print-
ing is very vast in its extent and character.
There is no doubt that there is in this business
an amount of technicality which will enable no
one, except those who are actual experts in
the art of printing, properly to understand the
nature of contracts for printing on so vast a
scale as that which pertains to the publication
of the debates of Congress. It not only re-
quires an extended technical knowledge of the
art of printing, but even laymen as to that art
all know that it requires a vast amount of
capital and preparation to undertake such a
task; and I say frankly that I do not believe
that any man who has not a vast capital, a
large portion of which has been previously
engaged in the preparation for the duties of
such a task as the printing of the voluminous
debates of the Congress of the United States,
can undertake with justice to himself or fidel-
ity to his contract to print and publish those
debates for so short a period as a single year.
It cannot be done. The same reason that
induced the Congress of the United States to
require that the contract should not be for a
less period than two years, would prevent my
voting for the present amendment.
I know that it was reduced to a single year
to bring the amendment within the techni-
cality of the rule under which we are conduct-
ing this debate by patches of five minutes
desultory talk. The subject is too important
a one to be disposed of in that way, and the
very fact that the contract was shorn of its time
and brought to a single year for the purpose
of escaping the technical exclusion which would
have occurred under this rule,- has made the
measure improper and unworthy of the accept-
ance of the Senate. What has been gained in
form has been lost in substance. No man
can make a contract of this kind for a single
year, no prudent man would do it, and if he
proposed to do it the United States have shown
that they would not accept it, for they have
placed the minimum of time for this contract
at two years and the maximum at six.
Mr. President, this is one of those contracts
in which a defect upon the part of the obligor
in the contract is irremediable. If your de-
bates are worthy of preservation for any pur-
pose accuracy is essential. If, therefore, this
work is to be done inaccurately or incom-
pletely, it had better not be done at all, be-
cause if error occurs it is irremediable; you
have no means by which you can reform it.
It will be past redemption when it is once
committed. We have had the experience
during the publication of the debates of Con-
gress for many years past of entire accuracy,
and I regret to see any change made in that
respect. But if there be the requirements of
economy, if there be the requirements of a re-
striction upon public expense which we in duty
are bound to place, then I hope we shall resort
to the Government Printing Office for the exe-
cution of this work, in order that if there be
gain it shall be gain for the public Treasury ;
and we all know that in that office are the
ability, capital, and means properly to prevent
error from creeping into these reports.
If this matter is to be further considered,
and I shall be very glad to see it not further
considered now, by some motion to lay it on
the table, and if no one proposes to make that
motion after further discussion I shall make it
myself—if this amendment shall be withdrawn
or laid on the table, I trust there will be an
amendment that during at least the next year
this printing shall go into the hands of the
Government Printing Office, so that the Govern-
ment may contract with itself, and that we
may insure by the application of public capital
the proper performance of an important public
work. I do not believe it possible, I do not
think it just to either of the contracting parties,
that a single year should be placed as the
term for which a work of this kind may be ac-
complished. Preparation cannot be made for
it in that time; the embarkation of the capital
required for so short a period will not be justly
made, and I do not think it can be justly made.
The chances are thatif the experiment be made
we shall find the contracting parties coining
back and throwing themselves upon the hands
of Congress and asking in the name of gen-
erosity that the losses which they themselves
incurred by their proposition shall be supple-
mented.
Mr. HILL. Mr. President, I am controlled
in my vote on this proposition very much by
my extreme repugnance to great and sudden
innovations. It has occurred to me from the
evidence that has been presented here, thatif
we give out this contract in the way in which
it is sought, to the lowest bidder, there is uo
money in its performance to him. I do not
think there is any kindness in giving a man a
contract that will require him to fulfill it, bind-
ing him up in a heavy bond of $100,000 to do
the work, when there are plenty of witnesses,
such as the Superintendent of Public Printing,
who tell us that he must inevitably suffer loss,
and I understand the chairman of the Commit-
tee on Printing is of that way of thinking him-
s©lf 
I have no political feeling in this matter.
I think it is one that ought to rise above every
consideration of that sort. I find this old
establishment here, the Congressional Globe,
performing the work so faithfully, so well, so
habituated to the performance of the peculiar
labor, with all its internal arrangements for the
