2030
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
doing of this particular work, every laborer
accustomed to its routine daily, and a labor of a
particular sort; and we all know that if there
is to be a change this must be organized some-
where else, and that it takes time to perfect the
arrangements. Without the slightest feeling
of partiality for one or the other, without any
prejudice in favor of one or against the other,
I naturally incline to let well enough alone.
I do not think it would be very becoming in
the Senate, though I shall not be a member-of
it myself when that thing may occur, if it ever
should, if there should be an application here
at some future day to reimburse a new printer
for losses that he may sustain by reason of
taking his contract for less than it could well
be performed—I do not think it will look well
for those who are cautioned in advance against
giving out a contract in that way, to make the
allowance; and yet, sir, I would not vote to
put on amendments here that would restrict or
attempt to restrict Congress from making such
an allowance. I do not think that is our prov-
ince. We have no right to do that. But I
think it best, as has been suggested by some
others, that if the contract from all that ap-
pears before iis ought not to be changed, this
work ought to be continued where it is, that
we come to that conclusion.
It has been stated, and I think pretty satis-
factory proofs have been offered, that no very
large percentage upon this printing is made by
the proprietors of the Congressional Globe.
I think about twelve per cent, is the maxi-
mum, and it does not average that upon the
capital that is used in performing this work.
I see no good reason why a change should bo
made. I understand the proprietors of this
great press are divided politically, one of them
being a Democrat and the other a Republican,
but that ought not to weigh a feather in mak-
ing a contract for the mere performance of
work. We ought not to stop to consider what
the politics are of the mechanics with whom
we engage to do a thing if he can do it better
and more satisfactorily than another.
Mr. NYE. I believe the principle of fail-
dealing applies as well to. the Senate as to
individuals. Here under our own law the
Committee on Printing have gone forward and
advertised for these proposals. Bids have been
received, and the committee come back to us
and say, "This is the lowest proposition that
has been made for this work." Now, what
remains for us to do ? Simply to accept it.
I was glad to see my friend from Maryland
moved so deeply under the apprehension that
this man caunot do the work for the money.
That is a pretiy good reversal of front on the
part of my friend from Maryland. Mr. Mur-
tagh proposes to make this contract. We
accept it as we are bound to do by every prin-
ciple of fair dealing. We hold him to his con-
tract, and he will hold us. That is the whole
history of this thing. I am astonished, after
all these proceedings have been taken, to see
the question discussed here whether we shall
fulfill our agreement under the law.
But we are told that there is no obligation
to make a contract. Sir, if I offer to do a
piece of work for you, and you accept my
proposition, it is a contract in every legal
sense of the word. If I am to be the loser, it
is none of your business ; I take tbe chances.
1 am a printer, say, and I have considered the
' matter. But whether Mr. Murtagh can per-
form this work or not, in the position in which
we now stand, as honest men we are obliged
to accept his proposition. There is no sense
in talking about it and moving the indefinite
postponement of the bill for the purpose of
getting in half-hour speeches on the subject.
A man does not talk much to another who
knows what he is contracting to do. It is
quick work. He says: " I will give you your
printing for so much money ; I am the lowest
bidder;" and he proposes not only that, but
to give a bond that will be ample security.
Now, Mr. President, what are we talking
about? The question is gravely discussed in
the American Senate whether we shall keep a
contract or make one that the committee have
agreed to. It seems to ine to be a small busi-
ness. I may have my preferences in a printer.
I do not know any of these gentlemen, and, to
tell the entire truth, I have always kept as far
away from printing establishments as I could
because they print so many naughty things about
me. [Laughter.] But here is a question that
involves the integrity of the Senate. Com-
missioned by the law of the Senate, the com-
mittee have gone forward and done their duty,
and they return to us reporting the fact that
this man is the lowest bidder. Now, should
it be given to anybody else?
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. If the
Senator will allow me, he is the lowest bidder
for six years, not for one. This is another
contract.
Mr. NYE. If the contract is good for six
years, it is good for one. If you will change
it and accept it he is willing to take it for one.
That is no excuse. Mr. President, disguise
it as you may, the integrity of the Senate is
involved in performing this contract. It is an
insult to your committee, an insult to the
common understanding of common men, not
to keep your contract. This committee went
forth as our agents to invite proposals for
this printing. They have returned to us, and
tell us what they have done, and according
to every principle of propriety in contract-
ing, this gentleman is entitled to the contract
for this work. If we should refuse to make
the contract, there is not a Demociatic paper
in the country that would not say, "There,
they had an opportunity to save $100,000, and
they would not do it." The Maryland papers
would ring with denunciation of a profligate
Administration that would give a hundred
thousand dollars more for a job than they
could get the work done for. I have seen
enough of that. It is that thing that is sweet
in the mouth but bitter to the aftertaste if we
try any such experiment as that. I hope there
will be no more discussion about this matter.
We are frequently reminded that this is almost
the last day of our session, and yet wo are here
hour after hour discussing the question whether
we shall fulfill our contract or not.
Mr. BOREMAN. Mr. President, it seems
to me that the opposition to the proposition
of the Senator from Wisconsin is the most
remarkable one that I have heard for many a
day, considering the ground of that opposition.
It seems that the experience of this body had
been for a number of years that we were pay-
ing too much for the reporting and publication
of the debates of the two Houses. Looking to
that, a law was passed authorizing advertise-
ments with a view to receiving bids for this
business. Those bids have been received, and
it is ascertained that some gentleman here,
with whom 1 have little or no acquaintance, or
some firm, have put in a bid which seems to
be much less than the price at which the de-
bates have heretofore been published, and
forthwith it is said, because it is lower than
has heretofore been paid, because it is lower
than in the estimation of some gentlemen the
work ought to be done for, there must be
something behind which we do not exactly
understand, and it is suggested that if we let
these gentlemen have the contract they will
come back here some of these days and ask
us to repair the damages they have sustained.
Gentlemen seem to be taken aback that the
very purpose for which Congress authorized
this advertisement has come about, and that
some person has proposed to enter into a con-
tract to do the work for less than it has been
done heretofore. The very purpose of the
law was to secure what has now come to pass,
namely that we have a proposition, that if
carried out will save to the Government fifty
or a hundred thousand dollars a year.
Now, what evidence have we here that there
is any danger of these gentlemen coming back
hereafter to plague us if we shall give them
this contract? Is that not merely conjecture ?
Senators have given us no evidence on that
point; they have not shown us that these pro-
posed contractors are insolvent, that they are
unable to fulfill their contract j nothing of that
sort is presented. There must be something
benind all this that we do not understand. I
cannot myself conjecture what it is.
The printing business, it seems to me, is a
very plain one. The gSntlemen who make
this proposition are conducting a public jour-
nal in this city. They must understand what
their proposition is, whether they can perform
this work for the pricc suggested or not. It is
not for us to say how that is. Of course they
will have to give bond and security for the
execution of thei contract, and it will be in
the pleasure of Congress if they do come hack
here to pay them for any losses tliey may sus-
tain or not. But it is not for us to anticipate
any such thing. It is not for us, when this
proposition is made to print these debates for
less than thej have heretofore been printed at,
to reject it merely because we anticipate a
default at some future time. We cannot afford
to do that. So far as we know and see, these
gentlemen are able, they have capital sufficient,
they have all the materials necessary, they have
everything ready now to proceed to the per-
formance of this work. Then, sir, we cannot
afford to reject this proposition, it seems to
me, merely upon the conjectures we have had
from those who have opposed it.
I cannot imagine upon what ground we can
vote down the proposition of the Senator from
Wisconsin ; nor do I see any propriety in the
amendment offered thereto by the Senator
from Maryland. What is that? If there is
anything in that proposition, and it turns out
that upon the hands of these gentlemen they
are not making much, they may allow their
contract to be forfeited, because a contract
ought not to allow a forfeiture on one side
without there being allowed a forfeiture on
the other. They would, under such circum-
stances, if we involve them in a forfeiture,
have probably some sort of claim on the mag-
nanimity of Congress, although it might not
be under the provisions of their contract. I
think it a very bad provision to put into this
bill and to be imposed upon these gentlemen
if we do enter into a contract with them.
Mr. HOWE. What is the pending question?
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Ferry,
of Michigan, in the chair.) The amendment
proposed by the Senator from Maryland to the
amendment of the Senator from Wisconsin.
Mr. HOWE. If the Senate is ready to vote
upon it I shall be very glad to have a vote.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will put the question if no Senator claims the
floor.
Mr. CASSERLY. I ask for the reading of
the amendment to the amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will be
reported.
The Chief Ci.erk. The amendment to the
amendment is to insert after the words "proper
accounting officers thereof," the following
clause:
And provided further. That any application for
extra charges, or any amount of compensation that
would increase the amount above the present pro-
posal of the said Murtagh, shall work a forfeiture
of his contract.
Mr. DAVIS. Js that an amendment to the
amendment ?
The PRESIDING^ OFFICER. It is.
Mr. DAVIS. It is evident I think we are
not going to get a vote on this question for a
long time, and I move to lay the whole amend-
ment on the table.
Mr. MORTON. Does that motion include
the original amendment as well as the amend-
ment to the amendment?
Mr. DAVIS. Yes, sir.
