1873.
fflE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2031
Mr. MORTON. I call for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CARPENTER. I am paired on this
question with the Senator from New Hamp-
shire, [Mr. Cragin.]
Mr. CASSERLY. I am requested to state
that the Senator from Ohio [Mr. Thueman] is
paired with the Senator from New Jersey [Mr.
Frklinghuysen, ] I presume their pair extends
to this vote.'
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 31, nays 25; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Blair, Cameron, Casserly,
Cole, Cooper, "Davis, Fenton, Flanagan, Gilbert,
Croldthwaite, Hamilton of Maryland, Hamilton of
Texas, Hamlin, Hitchcock, Kelly, Machen, Morrill
of Vermont, Norwood, Pool, Pratt, Ransom, Kice,
Saulsbury, Schurz, Sprasrue, Stevenson, Tipton,
Trumbull, Vickers, and Windom—31.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Boreman, Cald-
well, Chandler, Clayton, Conkling, Corbett, Ed-
munds, Ferry of Michigan, Howe, Logan, Morton,
JNye, Osborn, Patterson, Pomeroy, Ramsey, Rob-
ertson, Sawyer, Scott, Spencer, Stewart, West, and
"Wilson—25.
ABSENT—Messrs. Alcorn, Brownlow, Bucking-
ham, Carpenter, Cragin, Ferry of Connecticut, Fre-
linghuysen, Harlan, Hill, Johnston, Lewis, Morrill
of Maine, Sherman, Stockton, Sumner, Thurman,
and Wright—17.
So the motion to lay on the table was agreed
to.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move a reconsidera-
tion of the vote by which the amendment was
agreed to on page 30, line seven hundred and
twenty, inserting the words "and Lake Cham-
plain." Lake Champlain has already been
surveyed by the lake survey, and is under the
charge and direction o"f the lake survey the
same as Lake Erie or Lake Michigan or any
other lake, and the Coast Survey has nothing
1o do with the fresh water. Therefore, I ask
that this may be reconsidered in order to
strike out the words "and Lake Champlain."
The fact is that all these appropriations for
the lakes are expended under the Secretary of
War, and the lake survey is under the charge
of the Secretary of War. The engineers of
the War Department make all these surveys,
and have charge of the expenditures. I ask,
therefore, for a reconsideration.
Mr. SAWYER. I understand the motion
of the Senator from Michigan to be to strike
out the words "and Lake Champlain," which
were inserted by the committee?
Mr. CHANDLER. Yes, sir.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Michigan moves to reconsider the
vote by which that amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SAWYER. Which is in effect leaving
out the words " and Lake Champlain."
Mr. CHANDLER. Yes, sir.
Mr. SAWYER. I will say to the Senator
that if he examines the appropriations on this
subject year after year he will find that this is
the exact language which has been used,
and the words "and Lake Champlain" have
been put constantlv into this appropriation
bill.
Mr. CHANDLER. For the last two years
only. How the Coast Survey got on to the
lakes I do not know; but it never did get
there except just this way. The Committee
on Appropriations, for some reason or other,
for the last year or two has put in and Lake
Champlain." I admit that, but the words
arc improperly there, and I want to get them
out.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I ask the attention of
my friend from Michigan, who I know does
not mean to misunderstand the thing or do
any injustice. Living and having lived on the
border of Lake Champlain all my life, I feel
quite competent to state what has happened
there, and if I turn out to be in error, I shall
be very glad to make amends.
The engineer department, to the best of
my knowledge and belief, never surveyed any
part of Lake Champlain in their lives until
two or three years ago Congress provided that
the Coast Survey should survey that lake.
Before that time the engineer department had
never made a survey at all that anybody ever
heard of; no parlies were ever seen there. That
lake, which is one of the great gate-ways of the
commerce of Lower Canada, had not been sur-
veyed ; and accordingly I myself asked, upon a
proper recommendation from the department,
that the Committee on Appropriations should
provide for surveying Lake Champlain. I then
did not know the difference between the en-
gineer board and the Coast Survey Board, as to
the etiquette of their respective jurisdictions,
and therefore I asked the committee to report
that it be done by the Coast Survey. I did
not know that it raised any point of etiquette
about the business in the least degree, and so
I was no party consciously to doing any wrong
to the engineer board. Consequently the
words " and Lake Champlain " were put in to
provide for the survey of that lake, which is
the medium for commerce by millions and tens
of millions between the United States and
Canada every year, and accordingly the Coast
Survey proceeded to survey that lake, and they
have almost completed the survey of it. But
I have understood, because I wish to state the
the whole case with entire candor, that since
that time the engineer corps, feeling in some
way that they had been intruded upon, have
sent parties there. The engineer department
had never thought of Lake Champlain before;
but when they saw that the Coast Survey by law
were going to survey it, I have understood,
although I never saw any of the gentlemen
connected with it, that small parties of two or
three young officers or somebody have been
about there surveying while the Coast Survey
were carrying it on in accordance with law.
Now, I beg my friend from Michigan to
remember that putting in Lake Champlain
(which is so near to the coast, and which is
connected with the coast so closely) in this
way was not intended to interfere with the
Engineer Bureau at all. The Coast Survey,
carrying out the law, have gone on with this
survey and have almost completed it. Now
I beg my friend to take my word as to what
has occurred and withdraw his motion.
Mr. CHANDLER. The Senator will pardon
me. I think he is misinformed. I was in-
formed by a member of the engineer corps
that they had surveyed Lake Champlain and
that the Coast Survey were merely going over
and doing their work again.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is an entire mis-
Mr. CHANDLER. For aught I know they
will appear next on Lake Erie, Lake Ontario,
Lake Michigan, or some other lake, and do
the whole work over again that will cost mil-
lions.
Mr. EDMUNDS. You need not be afraid.
This work was never done until the Coast Sur-
vey did it.
Mr. CHANDLER. At the Senator's re-
quest, I will withdraw the motion to recon-
sider. I supposed I was carrying out his wish.
Mr. WINDOM. There is an amendment
on page 56, commencing with line twelve-hun-
dred and thirty-nine and running to line twelve
hundred and forty-four, which I move to recon-
sider.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment which was agreed to in those lines will
be read.
The Chief Clerk. The amendment is to
insert, after the word "dollars," inline twelve
hundred and thirty-nine, the following words:
And the Secretary of the Treasury be. and he is
hereby, directed to pay to, the census-takers of 1860,
or their assigns, the sums set to their credit, now in
the Treasury of the United States, any provision of
existing laws to the contrary notwithstanding.
Mr. WINDOM. If I am correctly informed,
the Senate acted upon this amendment without
full consideration. I have information upon
which I think I can rely that there are a
great many of these claims barred by certain
statutes that have been assigned to brokers or
claim agents or other parties, and that this
amendment will authorize them to come in
and demand pay. It is possible that they
ought to be paid; but I do not think that an
appropriation bill of this kind is the place to
settle questions such as I have named. I have
the.impression that the census-takers of 1860
referred to ii  this amendment are among
those who had claims on the books of the
Treasury and went into the rebellion, and by
certain laws passed subsequently are prevented
from collecting these' claims; that they have
been assigned, I very strongly suspect, to cer-
taip parties who have succeeded in placing
this amendment on the bill. I hope the Senate
will'reconsider its action.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I only wish to add one
word to what has been said by the Senator
from Minnesota. _ We have had this question
before the Committee on the Judiciary at this
very session upon a bill to provide for that very
thing, and after careful and patient considera-
tion the committee reported against it. It
may be that we were wrong ; I do not go into
that question now; but I submit to Senators
upon all sides here that on an independent
question of that kind, after the report of a
committee, be it right or wrong, they ought
not to be overruled by sticking an amendment
on an appropriation bill. I submit that to the
good sense of Senators who may believe that
these men ought to be paid, and who can retry
the question by having it referred independ-
ently to a committee next year. That is all I
have to say.
Mr. STEVENSON. I will say to the hon-
orable Senator from Minnesota that this ques-
tion was the subject of discussion last night,
and that the amendment was adopted almost
unanimously. I will state further to him that
I do not understand that this claim has been
barred by the statute of limitations ; still less
that it has been put on by any claim agent.
I assume the responsibility of having put the
amendment on the bill. I considered it ray
duty to urge it. It is a claim in which my
constituents have a deep interest, and I under-
take to say that so far as Kentucky is concerned
there has been no assignment.
This is as just a debt as the Government of
the United States ever owed. It is recom-
mended in strong terms as late as the 14th of
January, 1873, by B. R. Cowen, acting Secre-
tary of the Interior, and by General P. A.
Walker, Superintendent of the Census Bureau.
The latter says that it is a crying injustice
that these men should not be paid, and he
intimates that it is a species of repudiation
which a Government like this should never be
guilty of.
Mr. WINDOM. Will the Senator allow me
to ask him a question for information, as I
really do not understand it ?
Mr. STEVENSON. With great pleasure.
Mr. WINDOM. Why were not these claims
paid long ago ?
Mr. STEVENSON. I cannot answer that
question better than by reading a short letter
of General Walker, the Superintendent of the
Census:
Hon. B. B. Cowen,
Acting Secretary of the Interior;
Sir : I have the honor to report, in respect tp the
unpaid claims for services rendered at the eighth
census of the United States, that there are still re-
maining eight hundred and eighty-four claimants,
of whom eighteen claim as marshals, and eight
hundred and sixty-six as assistant marshals, the
aggregate amount due these claimants being
$169,995 75.
There is still remaining out of the appropriation
of $170,000, made by the act of July 15,1870, for the
payment of these claims, a sum sufficient to meet
them when perfected.
Almost without exception the claims thus remain-
ing unpaid after the lapse of twelvo years are sus-
pended on account of tbe inability of the claimants
to make the proof of loyalty required by the joint
resolution of March 2,1867, whicli requires not only
that claimants shall prove that they never volun-
tarily gave aid or countenance to the rebellion, but
also that thsy were throughout its course known to
the community in which they lived as distinctly
opposed to secession, and in favor of its'suppression
by the arms of the Government.
As the services upon which those claims are based
were rendered by the claimants and accepted by
