108
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 10,
from this period. And why not? Were not
the years of the soldier's privation and danger
worth as much as the time of a homestead set-
ler ? If not. let us tax the soldiers to pay the
men who never raised their hands or voice in
defense of the Government for taking the
broad acres of our public domain as a gift.
The third proviso allows the soldier to assign
his certificate of such entry to any other per-
son entitled under the laws of the United
States to enter a homestead, who shall succeed
to all his rights and privileges, but neither the
assignor nor the assignee can afterward avail
himself of the benefits of the homestead law.
Here is the provision, I presume, which gives
rise to the objections on the part of the gentle-
man from Illinois and others who entertain
like opinions upon this question. I will state
it again. The bill provides that the soldier
may assign his certificate of such entry to any
other person entitled under the laws of the
United States to enter a homestead, who will
succeed to all his rights and privileges, but
neither the assignor nor the assignee shall
thereafter enter a homestead. It exhausts the
right of a homestead.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. If the gentleman
will allow me, I desire to make a suggestion
to him. Might not the assignment be made in
blank, as was the custom with the land war-
rants, and thus pass from haud to hand ?
Mr. STOUGHTON. I will answer the gen-
tleman from Illinois, and I think I can give
him a satisfactory answer to his question. It
is one which merits consideration, and which
was not overlooked by the Military Commit-
tee. They were anxious, if possible, to devise
some means by which the possibility of these
warrants being thrown upon the market would
be avoided. They accomplished this, as far as
possible, in this way: they said the soldier him-
self should make the entry, and should have
one year wiihin which to make the settlement
or improvement. And when he has made his
entry and got his certificate he can look around
him in his neighborhood and find some man
who wants to go VVest. That man becomes his
assignee and succeeds to all his rights, and is
the only man the Government has to deal with.
The soldier has got to make the entry himself,
and can then assign it to some one who will
go on the land and make the improvements;
and in addition to that, of course the assignee
who takes the certificate must go there and
settle upon the land. He has got to live upon
it just as long as the soldyr would have to do.
lie has got to do just what is required of the
soldier. Let us ask, then, in all candor,
what difference it makes to the Government
whether the soldier settles upon the land or
his assignee. What the Government wants is
that the land shall be settled.
Mr. STORM. If the gentleman will allow
me, I desire to ask him how an assignee of
i wo certificates could comply with the provis-
ions of the act of 1862 as to settlement and
improvement? He is to succeed tp all the
rights and duties of the assignor, but could
not himself comply with the provisions of that
act as to more than one quarter section.
Mr. STOUGHTON. The gentleman's in-
quiry is not material. The bill provides for
com ply ing with the provisions of the homestead
law, except as provided in this act. That is
an express exception.
Now, to go back to the consideration of this
third proviso: the objection to the bill which
passed the House on the 5th day of March
lust, reported by the gentleman from Illinois,
is that it does not confer any right at all upon
any soldier who does not become a homestead
settler. Now, it may be said with perfect cer-
tainty that not one out of a hundred of the
soldiers of the late war can become homestead
aettlers upon the public lands. Their profes-
sions, in a great many instances, do not per
mit it. They may be mechanics or may be
engaged in other business. What we ought to
give is equal rights and privileges to all sol-
diers and sailors, and not special privileges to
a few. Equality is said to be equity, and if
we grant anything to soldiers by way of bounty
it should apply to all alike. When you call
a bill like that which passed the House on the
5th day of March la6t a soldiers' homestead
bill it is a misnomer. It does not benefit one
soldier out of a hundred. This bill obviates
that difficulty. If the soldier cannot go him-
self, it allows him to assign his certificate to
some one who can go, who wants the land and
will settle upon it and improve it. The objec-
tion, therefore, that this law will tie up the
public lands is without foundation ; for it is to
be observed that in order to make a valid
grant by this bill there must be a settlement
by somebody, either by the soldier himself or
by his assignee, and so far as the public is
concerned it makes no difference to them
whether it is settled by the soldier or his
assignee.
The fourth provision of this bill is as follows:
Those who are disabled by reason of wounds re-
ceived or disability incurred in the line of duty may,
at their option, make the required settlement by an
agent or attorney: Provided, That no such agent or
attorney shall act for more than one person at the
same time.
This provision simply applies to those
wounded or disabled in the service and whose
names are borne upon the pension-roll. If a
man is so disabled as to be unable to perform
manual labor on a homestead, it is no more
than right that the Government should allow
him to hire some one to do it for him. Men
so situated ought certainly to be allowed to
hire the work done, as they can no longer do it
themselves by reason of wounds received or
disabilities incurred in the service. •
Mr. FINKELNBURG. There is some dif-
ference of opinion as to one material feature
of this bill, and I would like to have the gen-
tleman's explanation of it. Under the pro-
posed bill can any land be kept out of market
except by some person going upon it and set-
tling it? It is said that the effect of the bill
will be that speculators will get hold of the
certificates and keep the lands out of market,
thereby retarding the settlement of our western
States. I want to know whether that can be
done. My understanding is that some man
must go upon the land, either the soldier or
his assignee.
Mr. STOUGHTON. That is the precise
language of the bill; either the soldier himself
or his assignee must locate on the land within
one year from the time the certificate issues.
It keeps no land out of the market at all ; on
the contrary, my opinion is that it will have a
tendency to settle the public lands, because
many soldiers will of course avail themselves
of the benefit of the act, and the lands will be
occupied by actual settlers.
We are told by the gentleman from Illinois
that these warrants will be sold for nothing.
I think, upon the other hand, that they will be
valuable, and I will state on what that opinion
is founded. What benefit will the purchaser
of one of these certificates from a soldier have ?
He will have the remainder of the year in
which to get ready to go upon the public lands
to settle, and when he gets there he will have
the benefit of the three or four years which
the soldier has served being deducted from
the five years that he would have had to re-
main upon the lands in order to perfect his
title ; and the lands so purchased will be worth
just as much as other adjoining railroad or
other lands.
The inquiry is made of me whether this
benefit extends to the assignee of a disabled
soldier. If the disabled soldier, instead of
placing an agent upon the land, assigns his
certificate, his assignee stands precisely on
the same footing as any other assignee.
The so-called soldiers' homestead bill
which passed this House on the 5th of March,
to which the gentleman from Illinois has re-
ferred, confers no general benefit upon the
soldiers. All that is valuable in that act is
taken from the House bill of the Forty-First
Congress ; but the most important provisions
are left out. It is the " play of Hamlet with
the part of Hamlet omitted." It requires
actual settlement by the soldier in person. No
provision whatever is made for nine hundred
and ninety-nine out of every one thousand
soldiers who cannot become homestead set-
tlers ; and by striking out the assignment
clause it exhibits the singular spectacle of a
great and wealthy nation offering to the
widows and orphans of soldiers who fell in
defense of the Union one hundred and sixty
acres of land in the far West, provided they
will abandon all advantages for education,
and all the ties of home and kindred left to
them, and actually settle, and probably starve,
upon the niggardly gift. The pending bill
supplies the defect and makes the benefits
conferred uniform and equal. Anything short
of this is unjust to the soldiers and unworthy
of the Government.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. There is one other
question I would like the gentleman to answer.
Mr. STOUGHTON. Very well.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. I would inquire
! whether the whole privilege of the soldier or
i sailor under this bill is limited to twelve
months, or whether his right will continue
until he makes entry, when the time of actual
occupation required will begin to run? In
other words, is the soldier or sailor compelled
1 to either locate upon the land or assign his
privilege within twelve months from the pas-
sage of this act, or be forever debarred from
! any such privilege?
> Mr. STOUGHTON. I am obliged to the
! gentleman forasking that question. I intended
to refer to this point in the course of my re-
marks. This bill in effect provides that the
soldier or sailor may make his entry at any
time. He need not make it in one year or in
five years if he does not choose to do so. He
I may leave it till his children shall have grown
; up, and then assign his right to them. Prob-
5 ably a large number would not make selec-
tions for years to come. When, however, the
selection is made, the year's time begins to run.
And within the year they must go upon the
lands themselves, or their assignees must make
the settlement and improvement in order to
make the grant available.
These, Mr. Speaker, are the material fea-
tures of this bill. I think it is wise and equita-
ble. I know that the soldiers have largely
asked for the passage of a bill of this kind,
i A very large and respectable convention of
soldiers met in my own State a few weeks ago
1 and passed a resolution asking Congress to so
change the law that they can have some
j benefit from the public lands, without being
required to abandon all their home associa-
j tions and become actual settlers upon the
public lands. It seems to me it is just and
right and equitable. The Government is re-
ceiving no revenue now from the public lands.
Mr. BOLES. If the Government does not
withhold from sale and entry sufficient land to
satisfy this privilege proposed to be granted to
the soldiers and sailors, how will they be able
to derive any benefit from it?
Mr. STOUGHTON. If they delay claim-
ing this benefit until the lands are otherwise
disposed of, that will be their own fault.
Mr. TOWNSEND, of Pennsylvania. I do
not know whether I understood the full pur-
port of the question of the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Farnsworth] or the answer of
the gentleman from Michigan, [Mr. Stouoh-
ton;] but 1 want to know whether there is
any provision in this bill which will prevent
the soldier from assigning this warrant or scrip
in blank, thereby making a sort of circulating
scrip to be hawked about by speculators?
Mr. STOUGHTON. I do not think that
can be done under this bill. It provides that
the land shall be actually occupied either by
tfie soldier himself or his personal assignee.
Mr. TOWNSEND, of Pennsylvania. But
