2034
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mancfr 1,
the Gbmmittee on the Revision of the Laws of
the United States, and that committee unani-
mously ^speaking of the members present,
there being but one absent,) came to the
game conclusion. . That.report; I will say, has
beeii' withheld for the present because my hon-
onable friend from Georgia was absent on that
day, and at'his suggestion, 'concurred in by
thfe Senator from Kentucky) ths report wafe
withheld in order that thfey might see members
of the committee. So that two committees
of this body have at this.Sefe&iii .investigated
' this question and both'of them hays reported
against the allowahcei
Now, it. seem& to aie-that according to the
philosophy of some Senators the best way is
to put this upon. the. ground that having been
examined.and rejected, the appropriate com-
mittees of the body having reported against
it, it is very, proper to select this at hazard and
by chance as a mode in which we can take so
mueh money out of the Tfeasufy and give it
to somebody who wants it, and who, I hope,
will have a good time with it after he gets it.
Mr. SAWYER. The Senator from New
York is entirely right 'in saying that Ho com-
mittee has ever reported in favor of .this prop-
osition as it stands in the bill to day, put in
by the Committee on Appropriations. The
Committee On Finance did oft two several
occasions report in favor of paying the men
who were appointed by Andrew Johnson in
1866 to collect the revenues in the South who
could not take the oath whioh was required by
the law of July 2,1862. Two yeara after, Con-
gress made an appropriation to pay those
assistant marshals who were employed in tak*
ing the census of I860, and required of them
proof of their positive loyalty during the re-
bellion, part of which proof should be their
own oath. This proposition is to pay them
even though they cannot establish their posi-
tive loyalty during the entire rebellion. It
proceeds on the assumption that when the
Government of the United States employed
men to do certain specific work they were en-
titled to their pay for it.
I say to the Senator from Illinois, in answer
to his -question whether if this principle be
admitted it will not allow those members of
Congress who served a part of the Congress
which ended in 1861 compensation for their
full term, that it has no such effect, inasmuch
as those men stopped' their service, went out
of Congress, no longer did duty as members
of Congress, resigned their seats, and it
amounts to nothing that you refused to accept
their resignations.
Mr. CONKLING. Does not the statute
fixing the compensation of members of Con-
gress pay them by.way.of entirety for the
term, so much for the year or two years; and
if so, does the Senator mean to say that be-
cause they resigned and went out you can
divide it up as if they were to be paid by the
month?
Mr. SAWYER. I mean to say that in prac-
tice they are paid by the month, and that if a
Senator resigns his position to-day he will not
receive pay for to-morrow or next day.
Mr. CONKLING. I mean to say to my
honorable friend that, although in practice
under a special statute or joint resolution, a
mjn may draw so much by the mouth of his
salary, being a member of Congress, the salary
is fixed by the term and by the year.
Mr. SAWYER. Then I suggest to my friend
from New York tha,t he should at once intro-
duce a resolution to pay several Senators on
this floor for a part of their term for which they
received no compensation.
Mr. CONKLING. While my friend and
some others remain on the Appropriation Com-
mittee, I do not feel bound to introduce any-
thing to pay anything out of the Treasury,
because that will be attended to.
Mr. SAWYER. We are paid for the year,
but if we do not serve for the year or resign,
we do not get compensation. The men in Con-
gress at that time resigned, went out of service,
and make no claim for service, and have not
any under the law.
Mr. LOGAN. They did not resign but
withdrew from Congress.
Mr. SAWYER. Which was equivalent to
resignation.
Mr. LOGAN. I beg your pardon.
• Mr.-SAWYER. That ia neither here nor
there, r This amendment involves no principle
bf that kind. It involves simply this principle,
that a great Government that has taken the
services of these men at a very small compen-
sation, these sums due from this Government
all over this country ia little driblets of fifty or
one hundred or one hundred and fifty dollars,
cannot afford to say, " Because, forsooth, yon,
an humble individual, did not resist the torrent
of rebellion which spread all over the country,
therefore you shall not be paid the pitiful sum
which is due for your services I" There were
all over the South during the rebellion men
owing debts in the North, who withheld from
the knowledge of the confederate authorities
the property they had with which to pay the
debts due to loyal men in the North, who re-
fused to obey the mandate of the confederate
government to disclose their indebtedness to
the North, in orderthat they mighttomply with
their pledge to pay their debts ; and yet here
is this great Government which higgles and
falters about paying the sum of $160,000 due
to almost nine hundred individuals scattered
all over the South.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I ask the Sen-
ator whether these individuals that performed
this service made a certified return of the work
they had done to the Government, so that it
has the value of a final record ?
Mr. SAWYER. Every one of them.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I understand
not one of them. ,
Mr. SAWYER. Every one of them. These
accounts are audited in the proper office; they
are stated accurately.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I have no doubt
they would make out the accounts readily
enough, but the returns of the census, that
which made the work valuable to us, did they
return them to the Government at the time ?
Mr. SAWYER. I so understand.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator's time has expired.
Mr. HILL. The Senator from New Jersey
asks a question. He knows that a census was
taken in 1860, and he will not find a single
county in the South in my opinion that did
not make a return. It is conclusive; the book
is complete; and wheredid they get the returns
from if these census-takers did not make
them? They could not have got the inform-
ation in any other way. It is detailed and
abstracted.
Mr. STEVENSON. I will state further
that the Superintendent of the Census reports
the fact that they did make the returns and
that they were accepted before the war.
The Superintendent says:
"As the services upon which these claims are based
were rendered by the claimants and accepted by the
Government before the war of the rebellion was be-
gan, I cannot think that it is right that these claim-
ants should be still kept out of their compensation
because they wanted the moral and physioal courage
to face a furious mob, or to undergo a State trial for
treason."
Mr. FLANAGAN. I simply wish to say
that I protest against the power invoked here
by the chairman or any one of the members
of the Judiciary Committee, and at the same
time I remark in the broadest language that I
have unbounded confidence in the ability,
vigilance, and integrity of the members of that
committee ; but this question is_ simple enough
for every Senator to act upon without invoking
their aid. I ask nothing from them but to
vote for or against it as they may like, as the
rest of us are determined to do on this occa-
sion. This is not a report from their commit-
tee, and they have no right, aa I understand,
to come in here and say that -the Judicially
Committee hold thus fend, so upon this occa-
sion. Whenever we want information from
thetn we will call upon those gentlemen for it,
and I have no doubt we shall get it then very
readily ; but at this time we are not asking it.
The PRESIMNG'OFFICBR. .The Sena-
tor's time .hafe expired.
Mr. FLANAGAN. On this Occasion ? ,
The PRESIDING OFFICER. ..Ite Sena-
tor spoke before. ;
Mr. FLANAGAN, I thought this, was
another cose. [Laughter.]
Mr. CHANDLERt I ask unanimous con-
sent that We take a recess to-day from.five to
fivei and a half o'clock-instead of from five to
seven, so that we may proceed with the river
and harbor bill;, which I give notice I shall
call up the moment this bill is through,. ,
Mr. ANTHONY. J hope we shall not
take any recess until this bill is finished, . The
prospect of a recess may hurry the bill along.
Mr. CHANDLER. At the hour of five a
recess is ordered and it is the duty . of the
Chair to announoe that we are in recess.
Mr. ANTHONY. Then let us repeal the
order for a recess.
Mr. GHANDLER. I ask unanimous con-
seat to make that motion. I move to resoind
the order for a recess to-day.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think that is not in
order. "
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It requires
unanimous consent.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I object.
Mr. ANTHONY. The rule says that there
shall be a. recess every day unless otherwise
ordered.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I rajse the question of
order that it is nofr in order now. The rule
says "unless otherwise ordered," but you
must take the proper time to make a motion
to order otherwise. You cannot otherwise or-
der when something else is up. When there
was nothing before the Senate a motion to
change the hour of recess would doubtless be
in order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
so rules. If the Senator from Michigan moves
to lay aside the pending question for the pur-
pose of his motion, the Chair will entertain
that; but while the measure is pending he
cannot entertain any other measure.
Mr. CHANDLER. I will wait.
Mr. WINDOM. In answer to the argument
of my friend from Texas who appealed to me
to withdraw my-motion to reconsider, I will
say that I propose to submit to the Senate
whether it is not a little out of the ordinary
mode of doing business for the Committee on
Appropriations to report an amendment which
is in violation of law, and for the Senate to
pass that appropriation in the face of a report
lroin a committee having it in charge that it
ought not to pass. Not only do we propose
to override a committee that has examined it,
but we propose to repeal a law in order to do
it. I do not know that I shall object to it
when it is in proper shape; but I do object to
it here and now.
Mr. COLE. The Senator from Minnesota
is himself a member of the Committee on
Appropriations, and I ask if he was present
when this was considered?
Mr. WINDOM. I was not, and I am sur-
prised to find it here.
Mr. COLE. I wish he had been; I think
he ought to have been; he had notice.
Mr. SCOTT. This question was very briefly
considered last evening and it evidenced to
us the danger that there is of asperity and
passion getting into the decision of sueb ques-
tions, for it was hardly started until there was
a great deal of feeling manifested about the
question involved. Now I wish to call the
attention of the Senate dispassiouately to
what will follow if we adopt the principle
involved in this amendment.
First, any party going into the Court of
