110
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 10,
tee of Claims of the Forty-Second Congress !
in the case of Carl Epping and E. B. Phillips
was ordered to be primed. i
p. k. dyer. '
On motion of Mr. PALMER, by unanimous
consent, leave was granted for the withdrawal
from the files of the House of the papers in the
case of Colonel P. E. Dyer, of Polk county,
Iowa.
scales and manning, of nashville.
Mr. MAYNARD, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 3126) for the
relief of Messrs. Scales & Manning, of Nash-
ville, Tennessee; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee of
Claims, and ordered to be printed.
george cowlks.
On motion of Mr. KELLOGG, by unani-
mous consent, leave was granted for the with-
drawal from the files of the House of the papers
in the case of George Cowles.
leave op absence.
By unanimous consent, Mr. Seeley was
granted indefinite leave ot'absence on account
of'illness; and Mr. Clarke was granted leave
of absence for four days.
message from the president.
A message was received from the President,
by Mr. Babcock, one of his secretaries, noti-
fying the House that he had approved and
signed an act (H. R. No. 90*2) making appro-
priations for the repairs, furnishing, aud orna-
mentation of the United States custom-house
and post office at Bath, Maine.
the late robert a. m'pherson.
Mr. ARCHER, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
lletoh-ed. That there be paid out of the contingent
fund to the widow of Robert A. McPherson, late a
messenger of the House, a sum equal to his salary to
the end of the present session ol Congress; also his
proper funeral expenses. k
indian appropriation bill.
The motion of Mr. SARGENT, that the
rules be suspended and that the House resolve
itself into Committee of the Whole on the
Indian appropriation bill, was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, (Mr. Dawes in the chair,) and pro-
ceeded to consider the bill (H. R. No. 2989)
making appropriations for the current and
contingent expenses of the Indian department
and for fulfilling treaty stipulations with vari-
ous Indian tribes for the year ending June 30,
1874, and for other purposes.
The CHAIRMAN. The House has ordered
that all general debate on the bill be concluded
in one hour. The first reading of the bill will
be dispensed with, unless objection is made.
There was oo objection, and the first read- j
ing was dispensed with. t
Mr. SARGENT. I deem it proper in ask- |
ing the attention of the House to this bill, and
in asking its passage, to make some statements
with reference to the condition of Indian affairs
during the past year and as they are at present,
and to show, so far as I may be able, the effect
of the policy which has been adopted for sev-
eral years past for the pacification of the Indians 1
and their advancement in civilization, edu-
cation, and self-support. i
The amount appropriated for all purposes, |
including deficiencies, for the Indian service j
during the last fiscal year was $6,362,062 91. [
The bill which the Committee on Appropria-
tions have instructed me to report for the
present year appropriates $5,379,365 05:
making a reduction of $982,697 86, or nearly
one million dollars. Besides these sums,
which are ordinarily appropriated in the In-
dian appropriation bill, there is the amount
of $20,765, which amount is paid out of the
Treasury for the Indian service, being the in-
terest on certain abstracted bonds, the princi-
pal being $535,308 53. This small appropri-
ation is made under an act of Congress passed
some years ago.
The amount of five and a third million
dollars seems a large sum to appropriate for
the general Indian service. But it is only
just to say on behalf of the Indians themselves
and of the Government that a very large pro-
portion of this amount is simply a payment to
the Indians of the interest upon moneys which
we hold in our hands, derived from sales of
their own lands under treaty stipulations, and
of moneys which we pay to them in considera-
tion of their relinquishment to the Govern-
ment of the United States of large tracts of
country which they formerly occupied. Really
very little of this bill is in the way of charity.
There are some amounts which might amount
to as much as $1,500,000 in the aggregate,
which perhaps, strictly considered, are paid as
a matter of beneficence by the Government.
But as regards the greater amount of the bill,
we simply give to the Indians what is their
due for a valuable consideration in lands—
lands now covered by populous States, lands
which by solemn treaties, some of them made
by ourselves with Indians, and some made
with other nations, from whom we derive our
domain, we agreed forever to recognize as the
property of the Indians. I say that by bar-
gains thus solemnly made, and by treaties
thus formally entered into with the Indians
themselves or with other nations, we recog-
nized the right of the Indians to these lands
and have bought those lands from them for a
definite price. And for these lands we are
paying the amounts we promised to pay ; and
this accounts for a very large proportion of
the amount involved in the Indian appropria-
tion bill.
The average annual expenditures on account
of Indians, as shown by the statement of the
Register of the Treasury for 1871, for the last
eight years, is $4,700,767 34. For the last
six years it is $4,986,133 67 ; for the last four
years it is $5,494,635 24; for the last two
years it is $5,417,467 79. In other words, the
expenditures in the last two years have been
a little less than they have averaged for the
last four years. And if the views of the com-
mittee are carried out, not only in this House
but in the coordinate branch, and the appro-
priations we proposed are kept down to the
amount of our estimates, we shall be able to
see a still decreasing amount, an important
decrease in the whole matter of Indian expend-
itures. The reasons for this I will endeavor to
give as I proceed in my remarks. I may merely
say generally that there has been more general
peace among the Indian tribes, that there has
been more careful expenditure of money, that
there has been more responsibility than ever
before ; and that various means have been taken
both in the legislation initiated by Congress
and in the action of certain executive officers
and of the Indian commission to reduce the
expenditures and bring them down as low as
was possible consistent with the objects of
keeping peace with the Indians and doing
them justice.
The total amount appropriated for the Indian
service for the fiscal year ending June 30,1872,
including all deficiency appropriations, was
$6,055,754 69, of which $1,277,997 66 was
appropriated only in the sense that it gave
the administrative officer of the Government
authority to pay to or expend on behalf of the
Indian moneys belonging to them, as I have
already said.
Of theremaining $4,777,777 $2,446,000were
expended for the total or partial subsistence
of one hundred and thirteen thousaud Indians.
Thirty one thousand were wholly subsisted and
eighty-two thousand were partially subsisted.
But this large amount expended for subsistence
was also in the nature of the first sum named,
in large part. For instance, a large amount
of it was appropriated to the Sioux, and they
relinquished large territorial possessions to
the Government of the United States, which
become a valuable consideration for our prom-
ise to provide them for a number of years with
subsistence in lieu of that which they lost by
their diminished hunting-grounds and the other
appliances for the ordinary support of savage
life.
Seven hundred and ten thousand six hun-
dred and thirty-five dollars of the amount is
for the salaries of superintendents, agents,
blacksmiths, farmers, engineers, teachers, in-
terpreters, and all the other employes in the
field in the whole Indian service. The remain-
ing $1,620,000 is for the purchase of various
kinds of agricultural implements and stock for
the Indians, the opening of irrigating canals,
the fencing and plowing of lands, the buiiding
of dwellings aud storehouses, and for other
supplies in connection with the Indian service
in the field as well as the regular and incidental
expenses of the Indian office in Washington.
And I will remark that the statement I have
made with regard to the other expenditures of
the Government will apply in a certain meas-
use to a portion of this last sum.
The Indian title, amounting only to occu-
pancy, has been gradually extinguished during
the last eighty-five years by means of four
hundred treaties which have been made by the
Government. On the 1st of May, 1871, Con-
gress declared by statute that hereafter no
Indian nation or tribe should be recognized as
an independent nation, tribe, or power with
whom the United States might contract by
treaty. There were a great many reasons why
this legislation was adopted by Congress. One
was that it was believed that treaties made
under the supervision of a single branch of the
legislative department were in many instances
improvidently made. It was believed that
sometimes there was carelessness in the amount
of expenditures involved and in the objects of
expenditure. It also was an undeniable fact
that in providing reservations for Indian tribes,
although there might be an equivalent by
their giving up the right of occupancy of a
much larger space, they were still confirmed
in the use of too large an area of land.
The Sioux Indians, for instance, received a
reservation of over twenty-five million acres,
and the whole number of Sioux Indians
at the largest estimate cannot be believed to
be over twenty-five or thirty thousand indi-
viduals; For purposes of individual cultiva-
tion and reclamation of land, that is certainly
an amount enormously large. It is probably
the greatest reservation ever directly recog-
nized by treaty. But for much smaller tribes
in much more valuable parts of the "country,
where settlements were crowding with greater
force, the reservations set aside under the
treaty system were often entirely too large, a
reservation of six or ten million acres not
being deemed extravagant. And it was be-
lieved by the House of Representatives, and
insisted upon by many able gentlemen in the
debates which accompanied the reform made
in this matter, that the Senate ought not to
continue to grant by treaty a higher title to
the Indians than the right of occupancy for
such large tracts in parts of the country where
settlements were expanding, especially as it
was believed it could be demonstrated that the
Indians were not benefited by such enormous
grants. Consequently, by the statute of which
I speak, Congress provided that hereafter there
should be no treaty made with an Indian tribe,
and that no independent nation should be
recognized on our own soil. It was a solecism,
I believe, from the very start, to recognize an
independent Power, nation, call it what you
will, upon our own soil and to treat with them
as we would with foreign nations.
But I believe it was not intended by that
legislation to say that we would thereby deny
to the Indians the right of occupancy or the
rights conferred upon Indian tribes by any
treaties whatever before that time ; and for
many reasons : first, we had their lands, large
