1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Ill
tracts of them, now public lands, upon which
are located thriving American communities.
We had promised them money for their lands,
and that money, to the very last dollar in the
Treasury, must be paid to them. It would be
cowardly for ns in the insolence of our
strength to refuse to pay these, our wards, the
money which we promised to pay them, and
which we had taken a valuable consideration
for. This was not in contemplation by Congress.
And the question raised by the able Com-
missioner of Indian Affairs, in his report just
laid upon our table, whether Congress really
did intend by that legislation to say that in
doing away with the treaties we intended to
do away with the rights of the Indians in
these lands which we had heretofore recog-
nized, or to the money which we had prom-
ised—I believe that question is answered so
far as the former treaties are concerned by
subsequent appropriations made by Congress
without demur from either side of this House
or from either House of Congress. Appro-
priations have been made every year since,
as I have no doubt they will be made this
year, because it would be cowardly, it would
be mean and dishonest to refuse to make such
appropriations.
I think the legislation of last session au-
thorizing the Interior Department and the
Commissioner of Indian Affairs to ascertain
the facts in reference to the title to certain
lands claimed by the Indians, and to see what
could be done toward extinguishing that title,
was nothing more nor less than was necessary
to make way for advancing emigration ; also
to see whether the proceeds could not be
invested for the highest benefit of the Indians.
That legislation went upon the basis that we
did not intend to seize upon the possessions
of our weaker neighbors or wards, but intended
still honestly to carry out the idea originally
embodied but imperfectly executed in those
treaties.
The advantage of this new system is that
both Houses of Congress and the President
of the United States will have joint control
of the Treasury of the United States. The
House by that legislation succeeded in pro-
curing a recognition of the principle that there
was no power in a coordinate branch of the
Government to put its hands into the Treasury
and take therefrom large sums of money under
the pretense of a treaty without the consent
of the House of Representatives. Every one
of these contracts now being made, or which
may hereafter be made, and the consideration
therefor to be paid by the Government, must
come under the supervision of the House of
.Representatives, and no money therefor can
be taken from the Treasury, without direct
appropriation, under any pretext whatever.
Furthermore, by this new system Congress
can see that no frauds are practiced upon the
Indians. Instead of the matter going to a single
House of Congress, and being referred to a
committee who only partially investigate, it
may be, a bargain which is made between the
Government and the Indians, and then, as
was stated in a debate ou the floor of the other
House, three or four or a half dozen Senators
only being present when the treaty is ratified—
instead of that, both Houses of Congress have
an opportunity thoroughly to investigate and
understand that which the Government is to
pay for and that which the Indians are to
receive.
Furthermore, this system costs infinitely
less under the legislation of Congress at the
last session, directing the Commissioner on
Indian Affairs or the Secretary ofthe Interior
to ascertain, for instance, whether the Sho-
shone Indians were willing to relinquish, and if
so, under what circumstances, some seven
hundred thousand acres of land of no use to
them, and where irritations were arising on
account of mining prospectors and others
going there. The whole subject was treated
by the Indian commission, with PhelixBrunot
[ at their head, and a bargain was made with
■ the Indians, subject to ratification by Con-
gress, and the whole expense to the Gov-
ernment was but $300, yet the treaty with the
Osages, one of the most inexpensive treaties
made under the old system, cost $10,000; and
if any one can estimate the cost of what are
called the peace commission treaties made in
1807 and 1808, I myself would like to see the
figures. I know they are far greater in cost
than the Osage treaties.
Mr. NIBLACK. Will the gentleman yield
a moment?
Mr. SARGENT. I will, certainly.
Mr. NIBLACK. The gentleman from Cali-
fornia is very familiar with the subject of the
Indian policy of the Government, has had
charge of this business on the Committee on
Appropriations for several years past, and as
a member of that committee has, I am very
frank to say, discharged the duty with great
intelligence and greatly to the satisfaction of the
Committee on Appropriations so far as it has
been necessary for us to act in conjunction
with him on that subject. More than that,
occupying the political position he does, he is,
I take it for granted, informed as to the views
of the Administration in regard to the Indian
policy generally. The gentleman has stated
that we shall abandon hereafter the policy of
making treaties with the Indians. 1 believe
that in both Houses of Congress there is, if
not entire unanimity on this subject, at least a
large majority in favor of abandoning that
policy. I am also informed incidentally in
connection with this subject that a great many
of the treaties heretofore made are now obso-
lete, inapplicable to the present condition of
the Indians, and especially with reference to
this new peace policy which we adopted some
; years ago by the appointment of the commis-
sioners to whom reference has been made.
Now, what I am anxious to learn (and I
think it is a matter of some interest to the
country) is whether it is in contemplation by
the Administration or by the officers now
especially in charge of Indian affairs to get
rid of many of these old obsolete treaties, and
so far as possible to abolish the whole treaty
system itself. I undeistand that many of the
Indian tribes are now mere remnants of what
! they once were ; that it is a misnomer to talk
about them any more as tribes of Indians.
Hence, not only as a member of the Committee
on Appropriations, but as a member of this
House and as a citizen of the country, feeling,
I think, a proper degree of humanity toward
these very strange people, I am a little curious
to know whether the geutleman from Califor-
nia can give us any assurances as to what is to
be the future course of the Administration in
regard to Indian affairs as connected with
existing treaty stipulations.
Mr. SARGENT. I certainly will give the
gentleman all the information in my power.
Of course I am not authorized to speak for the
Administration. I give, however, very freely
my own opinion and such information as I am
able to gather. It is impossible to do away
with the old treaties unless Congress author-
izes it. I believe myself that it would be very
much better, considering these diminished
tribes, to take some course by which there
might he a consolidation of them into bodies
without tribal relations. Indians who, either
from intermarriages among different tribes or
from friendly association with each other,
would live in peace in the same community,
might be brought together upon diminished
reservations, and as rapidly as possible the land
segregated to individual Indians. I think this
would have a very beneficial effect.
In our last Indian appropriation bill, as the
gentleman will remember, we required the
Secretary of the Interior to make examina-
tion and to submit to Congress some plan, if
he should be able to do so, whereby the diffi-
culties which the gentleman suggests might
be surmounted, and whereby we might legis-
late intelligently. I understand that such a
plan is being prepared and will be submitted
to us before long. It will be a matter for the
Indiau Committee of this House to perfect the
details of such a plan (if the plan can be de-
vised) to remedy some of the evils that now
exist.
Mr. NIBLACK. That is the very subject
on which I desired to hearfrom the gentleman,
and about which I wished information.
Mr. SARGENT. I will state, however, that
the duty of the committee of which the gen-
tleman and myself are both members is to deal
with the laws as we find them. They are what
I think to be improvements in the laws gov-
erning Indian matters which I would very
gladly introduce as amendments to this bill,
and would speak earnestly in their favor, and
could, I am inclined to think, convince the
House that they are substantial reforms; but
I am precluded from doing so because under
the rules we are authorized to report only
appropriations to carry out existing laws.
Mr. NIBLACK. There certainly can be
no impropriety in the gentleman from Cali-
fornia, as a member of the Committee on
Appropriations, calling attention to the reforms
which he deems necessary, and pressing them
upon the attention of the House during the
discussion on this bill. I desire that he may
do that so far as he may feel authorized ; for
I do think that the subject is one which ought
not to be longer postponed.
Mr. SHANKS. Will the gentleman yield
to me?
Mr. SARGENT. Mr. Chairman, I am
willing to yield to gentlemen, but I am afraid
if I do so I shall hardly be able to get through
with what I have to say in the hour allotted to
me. If it be understood I am to have my
time extended I will yield very willingly.
Mr. NIBLACK. Your time, of course, will
be extended.
Mr. SHANKS. So far as the Committee
on Indian Affairs is concerned they will rigidly
adhere to the conditions and spirit ofthe trea-
ties made between the United States and the
several tribes of Indians until some mode is
adopted in which the Indians have themselves
been consulted ; but until that is done the
contracts between the Indians and the Gov-
ernment, so far as that committee is concerned,
will be most sacredly maintained.
Mr. SARGENT. Mr. Chairman, the gen-
eral condition of the Indian tribes during the
past years has been peaceable. There is a
marked contrast between the last year and
four years ago, or between the last year
and three years ago. As a rule the Indians
have remained on their reservations, and gen-
erally speaking they have advanced in civil-
ization. There are exceptions to this, and
among the exceptions is the case of the
Apaches in Arizona, and of some Comanches
and Cheyennes who have been marauding in
Texas. There has been some uneasiness on
the part of bands of Sioux Indians in the
neighborhood of the Northern Pacific railroad,
some turbulence and insolence on their part.
There is a fear on the part of these Sioux In-
dians inhabiting the country through which
the Northern Pacific railroad iB being surveyed
and built that it will circumscribe their hunt-
ing grounds, perhaps bring them more par-
ticularly within the reach of the military arm
of the Government, and prevent freedom of
action on their part in their savage life; and
in Arizona, as I have said, there have been
marauding parties of Indians. There have
been some murders committed, some stock
driven off, less I believe, if I am to credit,
and I do credit, the board of Indian commis-
sioners on this subject, than last year, and
much less than the year before: but never-
theless there is in Arizona a condition of
things still existing, a partial hostility, which,
for the present, has been quieted, although not
subdued, which may require the action of the
military arm of the Government.
