!1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL ©LOBE.
2085
Claims, with a claim against the Government,
mast prove his loyalty. Second, any party'
presenting a claim before the commissioners'
established by an act of Gongress must prove
his loyalty. Third, toy party going before
either of the Committees of Claims in these
bodies is required to prove his loyalty before
his claim willbe allowed. Now, all that stands
between these claimants and their Inoney is
the requisition that they prove that they were
loyal during the rebellion, and it is answered
that they earned the money before the rebellion
and therefore the Government. ought to pay
them. Let me recall the attention of the
Senate to the fact that there were a large
number of contracts for carrying the mails
that were cut off by the commencement of the
rebellion. Several times have we had that
question before us ; and it has been urged that
because they were corporations that carried
the mail we ought to pay them for all services
rendered up to the time the mail carriage was
suspended, but the Senate has uniformly re-
fused to pay such claims. Those corporations
earned their money ; the individals connected
with them were jast as much entitled to it as
these individuals are to their money; and if we
settle the principle here that we will pay to
parties who went into the rebellion the money
that was due them before for services rendered
the Government, we are opening a very large
crevasse and we may not soon see the end of it.
I have before me a list which was furnished
for another purpose, of eleven persons who
were expelled from this Senate in one day
because they went into the rebellion. If
their salaries had been due to them at that
time, as I suppose there was some, there is
just as much reason for urging that they be
paid. The principle is the same ; the position
iu life of the parties may be different; and it
is not because of any hostility I have toward
these parties, but because I think it will be a
dangerous precedent for the Government to
set if we do repeal this act and permit these
claimants to be paid.
Mr. SAWYER. I would like to ask the
Senator from Pennsylvania whether the fact
of the expulsion of those men did not extin-
guish any claim they ever had on the Treas-
ury ? I will call his attention also to the dif-
ference between the cases he has presented
and the cases of these men who have per-
formed specific service. The cases which
come before the Committees on Claims of the
two Houses of Congress are cases in which the
law does not prescribe the amount of money
that they shall receive, or .that they shall re-
ceive any. They are cases in which there is
reasonable ground for presuming that Con-
gress will do justice in a case where the law as
.it existed on the statute-book cannot do it.
But these men performed service under the
law in accordance with the law precisely, and
unless you are willing to take the ground that
you will not pay for these things which were
furnished to the Government prior to the re-
bellion, you must grant this claim that is
presented here now. Here was a certain dis-
tinct, specific service rendered under the law
at specific prices, and your only bar to the
justice of the claim is in the fact that the
parties did not, as I say, resist a torrent of
rebellion which it was beyond their power to
^jresist.
I do not wish to detain the Senate on this
question, but I agree with the Senator from
Pennsylvania that time after time we have re-
fused claims of this kind, and I say so much
the worse for the Senate then, and so much
the better for it now if it recognizes them.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the motion to reconsider.
Mr. CONKLING. I ask for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 19, nays 36; as follows i
YEAS-Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Boreman, Buck-
ingham, Cameron, Chandler, Conkling  Corbett, iiu-
munds, Frelmzhuysen, Hitchcock, Logan. Momll,
of Vermont, Morton, Nye, Soott, Wilson, Windom.
and Wright—19.
NATS—Messrs. Bayard, Blair, Casserly, Clayton,
Cole, Cooper, Davis^ Fenton, Ferry of Michigan,
Flanagan, Qoldthwatte, Hamilton of Maryland,
Hamilton of Texas, Hill, Howe, Kelly, Maehen, Mor-
rill of Maine, Norwood, Osborn, Pool, Pratt, Ran-
som, Rice, Robertson, Saulsbary, Sawyer, Sohurz,
Sbrague. Stevenson, Stockton, Tipton, Trumbull,
Viekers, and West—35.
ABSENT—Messrs. Alcorn, Brownlow, Caldwell,
Carpenter, Cragio, Ferry of Connecticut, Gilbert,
Hamlin, Harlan, Johnston, Lefais, Patterson, Pom-
eroy, Ramsey, Sherman, Spencer, Stewart, SumiSer,
and Thurman—19.
So the motion to reconsider was not agreed to,
MESSAGE PROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had disagreed to the amend-
ments of the Senate to the bill (H. R. No.
3850) making appropriations for the support
of the Army for the year ending June 80,
1874, asked a conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses thereon, and had
appointed Mr. Oliver J. Dickey of Pennsyl-
vania, Mr. John Coburn of Indiana, and Mr.
Frank W. Palmer of Iowa, managers at the
same on its part.
The message also announced that the House
had agreed to some and disagreed to other
amendments of the Senate to the bill (H. R.
No. 2991) making appropriations for the legis-
lative, executive, and judicial expenses of the
Government for the year ending June 30,1874,
and for other purposes; that it had agreed to
other amendments of the Senate to the said
bill with amendments; that it asked a confer-
ence on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses thereon, and had appointed Mr. James
A. Garfield of Ohio, Mr. B. P. Butler of
Massachusetts, and Mr. Samuel J. Randall
of Pennsylvania, managers at the same on its
part.
The message further announced that the
House had passed the following bill and joint
resolution ; in which it requested the concur-
rence of the Senate:
A bill (H. R. No. 4057) to amend an act enti-
tled "An act to reduce duties on imports and
to reduce internal taxes, and for other pur-
poses," approved June 6, 1872, and for other
purposes; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 202) tender-
ing the congratulations of the American peo-
ple to the people of Spain.
legislative, etc., appropriation bill.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I move that
the Senate non-concur in the action of the
House as to the legislative, executive, and
judicial appropriation bill, and agree to the
conference asked by the House of Represent-
atives.
Mr. CONKLING. I hesitate to object to
that motion, and yet I suggest to the Senator
from Maine that it might be well that we
should have some opportunity of knowing
what the amendments are before we non-eon-
cur. Of course when it goes to a conference
report we shall have no vote except a vote in
toto upon the whole bill and amendments, and
there may be something we ought to act on
separately before it goes back.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I asked that it
be taken up at the present time because I
thought that would facilitate business. It is
important that we should get it to a confer-
ence as soon as we can.
Mr. COLE. Perhaps there are no more
amendments to the sundry civil bill, and we
may dispose of it to-day.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Very well.
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. WEST. I ask leave to make a motion
in reference to the Army appropriation bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
reccive the motion.
On motion of Mr. WEST the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider its amendments to the bill
(H. R. No. 3850) making appropriations for
the support of the Army for the year ending
June 80,1874, disagreed to by the House of
Representatives, and
On motion of Mr. WEST, it was
Sesobed, That the Senate Insist upon their
amendments to the said bill disagreed to by the
House of Representatives, and agree to the confer-
ences asked by the House on the disagreeing votes
oi the two Houses thereon.
By unanimous conBent, it was
Ordered, That the conferees on the part of the
Senate be appointed by the Vied President.
; Mr. West, Mr. Logan and Mr., Ransom:
were appointed the committee of conference
on the part of the Senate.
the credit mobiher report.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate the following coheiirrent resolution of
the House of Representatives ; and it was re-
ferred to the Committee on Printing;
Resolved, (the Senate concurring,) That there be
printed of the testimony taken before the commit-
tee on investigation, of which Mr. Poland was
chairman, together with the report of said commit-
tee, seven thousand copies for the use of the House,
and three thousand copies for the use of the Senate.
civil app&opriation bill.
The Senate resumed the consideration of
the bill (H. R. No. 3921) making appropria-
tions for sundry civil expenses of the Govern-
ment for the fiscal year ending June 30, 1874,
and for other purposes.
Mr. WINDOM. Is it in order to strike out
the words " or their assigns" in the amend-
ment just acted On?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. (Mr. Febrt
of Michigan in the chair.) It is not. Those
words have been inserted.
Mr. WINDOM. One other motion I desire
then to suggest. On page 31 of the bill I find
that the Senate has inserted a provision on the
recommendation of the committee that is in
violation of the well-settled and well-consid-
ered policy of Congress on the subject. In
lines seven hundred and thirty-six, seven hun-
dred and thirty-seven, and seven hundred and
thirty-eight it is provided, "and the proceeds
from the sales of old vessels of the Coast Sur-
vey and their equipments, may be applied to
payments for new vessels and their equipments
for the survey."
I do not think it is good policy to allow the
trading in old vessels. Let the old vessels be
sold and let Congress appropriate money for
the new. I am almost afraid however to make
a motion to reconsider lest I may snbject my-
self to the criticism of my honorable friend,
the chairman of the committee, by the state-
ment that I was not present in committee. I
was not present when this provision was in-
serted there. I supposed in this case, as in
the other, I could safely trust to my friend who
is chairman of the committee; but finding I
could not I have moved to re reconsider.
Mr. COLE. I am but one of the commit-
tee. I hope the Senator will not insist on that
motion, but will let us proceed with the bill at
once, in order that we may have a conference
committee on the bill which has just arrived
from the House.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Minnesota moves to reconsider the
vote on the amendment referred to.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion recurs on agreeing to the amendment.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. WILSON. On page 48, after line
eleven hundred and Seventy-fonr, I move to
add the following proviso!
Provided, That the President shall detail a com-
petent engineer to examine the unfinished Wash-
ington monument, and report if the foundations
are sufficient for the support of the superstructure,
and also to report an estimate of the cost of com-
pleting it.
I do not wish to take any time. I suppose
there will be no opposition to this proposi-
tion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
