112
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 10,
Now, Mr. Speaker, I believe there are two
parts of the Indian peace policy, and both
equally tend to peace. One is to render the
highest justice and the highest humanity to the
Indian which he deserves, or which he may be
induced to accept, aud the other is where he
is implacable aud blood thirsty, where he will
not be restrained either by fear or by favor,
lhat then we should follow him up viligantly
and strike blows that will dwell in his remem-
brance, and deter him after that from conduct
of lhat character. Now, so far as the Sioux
are concerned, and perhaps it is true with ref-
erence to any of the Indian tribes, or rather to
individual Indians, some of the smaller tribes
being involved, the Government has really
temporized in the matter for the past year or
two, and especially during the past year. This
is made necessary by our exposed frontier.
An Indian war brings not merely expense, but
it brings hundreds, and perhaps thousands, ot'
murders of white men. women, and children.
It retards the growth of settlement. It at once
empties the exposed valleys into which farmers
have been gathering for settlement, and where
farm houses, cultivated fields, and other im-
provements are gradually growing up. The
Indian Commissioner, speaking on this matter,
says:
"It >3 not,of course, to be understood that the
Government of the United States is at the meroy of
Indians; but thousands of its citizens are, even thou-
sands of families. Their exposed situation on tho
extreme verge of settlement affords a sufficient justi-
fication to the Government for buying off the hos-
tility of the savages, excited and exasperated as they
are, and most naturally so, by the invasion of their
hunting grounds and the threatened extinction of
game. It would require one hundred thousand troops
at least to form a cordon behind which our settle-
ments could advance with the extent of range, the
unrestrained choice of location, the security ot' feel-
ing, and the freedom of movement which have char-
acterized the growth of the past three or four years.
Indeed, the presence of no military force could give
that confidence to pioneer enterprise which the gen-
eral ce-sation of Indian hostilities has engendered.
Jlen of an adventurous cast will live and work
behind a line of troops with, it is possible, some
exhilaration of feeling on that account; but, as a
rule, men will not place women and children in
situations of even possible peril, nor will they put
money into permanent improvements under such
circumstances. Especially has the absence of Indian
hostilities been of the highest value, within the last
few years, in directing and determining to the ex-
treme frontier the immigrants arriving in such vast
numbers on our shores."
Therefore, really in the policy of the Gov-
ernment in this respect, although it sometimes
may have caused a smile of derision at what
might be called its weakness or its cowardice
in not taking at once with its powerful arm
the Indian by the throat and compelling him
to be peaceable, there has been an element of
the highest mercy to its own citizens, those
whose families are exposed all along the fron-
tier, and who would have been driven out from
their homes. And, therefore, if by tempor-
izing with the Indians, if by coaxing or bribing
them to remain upon the reservations, and to
be peaceable with our citizens, we can obtain
results like that, I think the policy of the Gov-
ernment in this respect is worthy of com-
mendation.
But there is another reason why the policy
ought to be pursued, at least for the present, and
1 think for afewyears longer. Time israpidly
solving the problem. The Northern Pacific
railroad is being pushed through the very heart
of the country of the Sioux, formerly hostile,
the same who are still turbulent and insolent.
When that railroad iscompleted we can throw
troops and supplies for them with great facility
into that country, and have the means, if war
must come, with these troops to fight them
with some equal advantage at least in getting
through the country. There will be between
the Northern Pacific railroad and the Union
Pacific and the Central Pacific railroads
ninety-two thousand Indians who can be
struck anywhere through the whole length
of those long lines. Any point upon those
roads can be used as a base of supplies upon
which troops can be concentrated, and then,
as against our cavalry of American horses, the
grass-fed ponies of the Indians would be of
no account. The Indians can be hunted down
and compelled to succumb. We would then
tight them at an advantage which we do not
now possess.
Furthermore, although the Indiana, not
knowing our power, knowing nothing of these
great citiesofours, or only that little of which
some of them have obtained a glimpse through
the wise policy of bringing some Indians here
for the purpose of seeing these things, who
carry the word back to their neighbors at
home—although they have no idea of the
force with which we might strike them under
any disadvantage, and are therefore insolent,
I would overlook much of that insolence if it
did not amount to actual aggression or depre-
dation, or bloodshed, because they are sav-
ages, and because they are ignorant. There
is a quality of mercy in this matter, and
almost of justice on the part of the American
Congress toward these forlorn, impoverished
Indian tribes. By an inexorable law of pop-
ulation, moving in tides immediately around
them, we have circumscribed their hunting
grounds, cut down their means of living, and
encroached upon them in every direction ; and
in some cases they have become turbulent
and insolent, or even perhaps have struck
back. I hold that the Army should be pre-
pared to strike. If necessary I would punish,
but I would be forbearing, and pursue a
policy toward the Indians which shall take
into account that they are themselves en-
croached upon, and that their provocations
are great.
But there is another reason, if not stronger,
still a powerful one, why this policy should be
persisted in ; and that is the terrible cost of an
Indian war. We have tried this several times,
and even in our recent history. There is a
most interesting report made on June 7, 1868,
by a commission upon which were General
Sherman, General Harney, General Terry, and
General Augur—men who never flinched in
battle, men who could not be suspected of
being cowardly—in which, among other things,
they speak of the war of the Cheyennes and
Arapahoes, insignificant tribes compared with
the Sioux, and Bhowed that that war in 1865
cost $30,000,000; that it withdrew eight thou-
sand troops from service against the rebellion;
that hundreds of our soldiers lost their lives in
that Indian war, and that many of the border
citizens were butchered, and that each Indian
killed cost $1,000,000. Facts stated upon
such high authority, by gentlemen who were
sent to the very ground to investigate them
shortly after they occurred, and so startling in
their character, should arrest the attention of
the country. And I agree with them fully in
their report, wherein, after showing the folly
of the war against Indians, and the advantage
for such warfare that Indians have, they rec-
ommend the enforcement of the alternative
policy of feeding Indians rather than fighting
them. They insist upon it as a matter of j us-
tice and humanity, and as a matter of policy.
And they say, and say with truth, that there is
no glory or honor to be won in a war like that.
Even suppose it did not cost a million dollars
to kill each Indian ; even if it cost only ten
thousand or one thousand to kill an Indian,
whom do,we kill? Why, these naked, blanketed
savages we have pressed and pressed by the
tide of population and settlement further and
further West, until we have concentrated them
in the most barren portion of the continent,
and there we bring the war power to bear upon
them at last. I say there is no honor to be
won in such a war ; and if there is no honor,
there is certainly no profit. The alternative is
to feed the Indians; and the great bulk of them
are willing to remain peaceable, provided the
peace policy can be applied to them and the
Government is willing after curtailing their
hunting-grounds to turn over to them the few
beeves and other supplies which are appro-
priated for in this bill.
The commission say in this same report:
" If it be said that the savnges are unreasonable,
we answer that if civilized they might be reason-
able. At least they would not bo dependent on the
buffalo and the elk ; they would no longer want a
country exclusively for game, and the presence of
tho white man would become desirable. If it bo
said th.it because they aro savages they should be
exterminated, we answer that, asido from tho hu-
manity of the suggestion, it will prove exceedingly
difficult, and if money considerations are permitted
to weigh, it costs less to civilize than to kill."
This is not the language of any effeminate
philanthropist, of any sentimental member
of Congress, of any carpet knight; but of men
who stood unblenched in the face of danger,
in the storm of a terrific rebellion, and never
quailed. These men, who are among the high-
est military authorities of the country, advised
a peace policy on the ground that it is more
just, more merciful, and more honorable than
a war policy, and also that it is cheaper.
Now, sir, this is not the ultimate end of this
Indian question—that the Indians shall be fed,
kept from starvation, and confined more closely
to their reservations. The Indians can be
civilized. The history of this country shows
that fact, although the appliances we have
used from year to year, certainly down to the
last few years, have been illy calculated to that
end. In spite of what may be called the bar-
barizing effect of our civilization, the Chero-
kees, Choctaws, Chickasaws, and Creeks have
become civilized people. Within seventy years
past their forefathers, naked and blanketed
savages, as wild as those who now range
over the plains of Dakota and Arizona, fought
our fathers in Georgia, Alabama, Mississippi,
and North Carolina, and in the mountains
of East Tennessee. They were, apparently,
irredeemably savage, and fought us implacably;
but they were finally overcome and removed
to the Indian territory, where they now are.
And what has been the result? I say without
fear of contradiction that a majority of the In-
dians to whom I have referred are to-day as
highly civilized as the average civilization of
the American people. If there is a look of
incredulity at this statement, I call attention
to figures which do not lie. I refer to the statis-
tics contained in the report of the committee
of citizens:
" The Cherokee?, with a population of 14,600, have
sixty day schools, three of which are for the children
of freedmen, with an average attendance of 1,918
pupils, sustained at a cost of #25,000 last year.
The Creeks, cumbering 13,000, have three mis-
sions and 2,050 church members, and an average
Sunday-school attendance of 461. They have one
boarding-school and thirty-one daysohools,attended
by 860 pupils, at a cost of $14,258 for the past year."
These Indians have their own legislative
councils, their civil officers, their law and order,
and respect for property aud individual rights.
To talk about schools and churches and
i church membership in connection with the
, Apaches of Arizona or the Sioux of Dakota
may seem extravagant; but seventy years
ago, or fifty years ago, to have talked about
institutions like those among the Creeks and
the Cherokees would have sounded quite as ex-
travagant as the other. Say the commis-
sioners :
" The Choctaws and Chickasaws, numbering 20,000,
have three missions and 2,500 church members.
They have two boarding-schools and forty-eight
neighborhood day schools. Thirty-six of these are
sustained by the Choctaws at a cost of $36,500; four-
teen by the Chickasaws, at a cost of $33,00G last
year."
But not merely the Cherokees and the
Creeks, the Choctaws and Chickasaws, have
thus made advances in the arts of civiliza-
tion. There are 1,694 of the Pottawatomies
who have become citizens of the United States,
who have passed the ordeal which we have
prescribed, and who have shown themselves
capable of citizenship. They have become
citizens, have severed their tribal relations,
have received their share of the tribal fund,
and are no longer mentioned in Indian appro-
priation bills. They have schools and
churches, or rather the benefit of those in the
communities where they reside. That is true
