2036.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Massachusetts.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CORBETT. I am directed by the
Committee on Indian Affairs to offer the fol-
lowing amendment to come in after line five;
hundred and forty-two :
That the Secretary of the Interior be, and he is
hereby, authorized to use, for the c re and snppdrt
of the Navajo Indians, of New Mexico, during'the
year ending June 30,1873, the unexpended balance
of appropriations herttoforfe made for the sub-
sistence of said Indians by the acts of July 15,1870,
and May 18,1872, amounting in the aggregate to
$54,989 02. • v
I ask for the reading of a letter from the
Secretary of the Interior-^—
Mr. COLE. I rise to a point of order on
that. This amendment does not pertain to
any appropriation in the bill, and is legis-
lation.
Mr. CORBETT, It is reported from the
Committee on Indian Affairs, and recom-
mended by the Department.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
sustains the point of order. The amendment
does not pertain to any appropriation in the
bill.
Mr. CORBETT. Does not that come in
under the head of a recommendation by a
Department ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It comes
under that head, but there, is the Anthony rule,
which excludes such an amendment unless it
relates directly to an appropriation in the bill.
This amendment does not relate to any appro-
priation on that subject in the bill.
Mr. ROBERTSON. This Congress has
been very liberal, and indeed I might say
lavish, in the appropriations to pay for ser-
vices yet to be performed. I ask that Con-
gress be equally liberal in paying up the just
debts of the Government. I offer the follow-
ing amendment to come in as an additional
section:
Sbc.—. That the sum of $250,000, or so much
thereof as may be necessary, is hereby appropri-
ated to pay unsettled claims legally existing against
the Government of the United States on account of
services actually rendered in carrying the mails of
the United States, exclusively, m the aforesaid
States, prior to the 81st day of May, A. D. 1861:
Provided, That before any payment be made under
thi3 act, claimants will bo required to furnish proof,
satisfactory to the Postmaster General, that at no
time prior to the 31st day of May, 1861, did they
voluntarily countenance, aid, or render comfort to
the rebellion: And provided further, That where
railroad companies or other corporate bodies are
tho claimants, proof of loyalty of the presidents or
other agents representing said bodies only will be
required: And provided further, That before any
payment shall be made, satisfactory evidence shall
be furnished thatno compensation has been received
from any other source for such service.
Mr. CONKLING. I rise to a question of
order. That is an old customer, and I object
to it because it is not in order under the
Anthony rule.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
sustains the point of order.
Mr. CALDWELL. On page 19, line four
hundred and fifty-six, after the word " dol-
lars," in the appropriation for surveying the
public lands in Kansas, I move to insert " said
amount to be available from and after the
passage of this act."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I offer the following
amendment on page 33, after line eight hun-
dred and three:
For light-house and fog-signal on the " Whale,"
Narragansett Bay, ithode Island, $35,000.
This is regularly estimated for.
Mr. CONKLING. Does any committee
report it ?
Mr. SPRAGUE. No committee. It is ac-
cording to the estimate of a Department.
Mr. COLE. I hope the amendment may
not be agreed to. I think we have given all
we ought to give under the head of light-
houses.
Mr. SPRAGUE. This is an estimate from
the Department, and it is necessary for a very
extensive commerce. I trust the Senate will
grant it.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SPRAGUE. On page 40, after line
nine hundred and eighty-one, I move to
insert:
' For purchase of a site to commence the erection
of a building at Pawtucbet, Rhode Island, for a post
office, $50,000.
Mr. CONKLING. Is that the report of a
committee ?
Mr. SPRAGUE. This is a regular esti-
mate of the Department, and has passed the
House Committee on Public Buildings and
Grounds, but there was not sufficient time for
it to be entertained by the Committee on Ap-
propriations. It has gone through all the
forms, and I trust will be adopted.
Mr. CONKLING. Although it is a disa-
greeable thing to insist upon, if we have rules
which are applicable to us all, all ought to ob-
serve them. The amendment which was
adopted a moment ago was not in order, as I
understood,because no committee had reported
it._ This amendment is not in order; no com-
mittee has reported it; and although I dislike
to object in any case, I think the rule should
be applicable to all alike.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen.
ator from Rhode Island stated that this was in
pursuance of an estimate from the Depart-
ment.
Mr. CONKLING. That will not do. It
must be not only an estimate from a Depart-
ment, but something more.
Mr. SPRAGUE. Both of these are in pur-
suance of estimates.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I will say
that the bill making an appropriation for Paw-
tucket or North Providence was yesterday
morning reported adversely by the Committee
on Public Buildings and Grounds in company
with a large number of other applications
equally worthy, on the ground that we had
already made as large appropriations or larger
than we ought to for the present year, and
that they ought to be postponed for one year
at least.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
calls the attention of the Senator from New
York to the thirtieth rule and will read it:
"No amendment proposing additional appropria-
tions shall be received to any general appropriation
bill unless it be made to carry out the provisions of
some existing law, or some act or resolution previ-
ously passed by the Senate during that session, or
moved by direction of a standing or select committee
of the Senate, or in pursuance of an estimate from
the head of some of tho Departments."
The Senator from Rhode Island stated that
this was in pursuance of an estimate from a
Department, and under that the Chair ruled it
was in order.
Mr. CONKLING. I know he did, and I
say it has not been examined by any committee,
and the rule under which we are acting cuts it
off whether it has been recommended by the
head of the Department or not. How does
this relate to any appropriation in the bill?
If it had been considered by a committee it
would be open to that objection, but that objec-
tion might be withheld ; but when a Senator
upon his own responsibility offers a proposition
which is in violation of the rule under which
we are acting, I mean now the Anthony rule,
and which has not even been considered by the
Committee on Appropriations or any other
committee, then Iinsistthat we ought to adhere
to the rule which is applicable to the rest of us.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will merely state that he understood that this
amendment has been referred to the commit-
tee. If moved in pursuance of an estimate,
the Chair cannot see how he can rule other-
wise than that it is in order.
Mr. CONKLING. May I inquire to what
appropriation in the bill the amendment re-
lfttfiS ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The appro-
priations for public buildings.
Mr. CONKLING. Then I ask for the read-
ing of the estimate. I want to see the esti-
mate.
Mr. COLE.' It was stated by the chairman
of the Committee on Public Buildings and
Grounds a moment ago that this was reported
on adversely yesterday by that committee, and
I move that the amendment lie on the table.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I had the estimate before
me a moment ago but it has passed out of my
hand. I trust the amendment will not be laid
on the table. I have been very anxious to
curtail expenditures in this Department, and
have done everything I could in committee
and in the Senate to reverse the whole action
of the committee in that respect. Otherwise
I would have introduced it there and there
would have been no objection on grounds of
form.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor from California moves to lay the amend-
ment on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. COLE. Now I ask for a vote on the
bill.
Mr. CAMERON. I ask the permission of
the Senator from California to allow me to
offer a bill which I ought to have had printed
several days ago. ["Oh, no."]
Mr. COLE. We ought to dispose of this
bill before five o'clock. Now I think we can
get a vote on it.
Mr. CAMERON. Allow me to say a word.
Mr. COLE. Other Senators are objecting,
not myself.
Mr. CAMERON. No, they will not when
they hear me.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from California object?
Mr. COLE. I object.
Mr. CAMERON. I am sure he will not
object if he listens to me.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I offer an
amendment. I move to insert the following:
To enable the President of the United States to
perfect and put in force such rules regulating the
civil service as may from time to time be adopted by
him, there is hereby reappropriated any balance of
the appropriation for the same object, for the cur-
rent fiscal year remaining unexpended at the close
of said fiscal year.
Mr. WILSON. I desire to make a sugges-
tion, and that is that we extend the time for
the recess to half past five in order to get this
■ bill through before we take a recess.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there
objection to the consideration of that propo-
sition ?
Mr. CAMERON. I object. Mr. President,
I object to all compromises of principle. We
have agreed to take a recess at five and come
back at seven.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator.
from Maine has the floor.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I want the
question on my amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Maine.
Mr. CARPENTER. I ask if that amend-
ment is in order?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. At what
point does the Senator from Maine propose to
insert his amendment in the bill?
Mr. CARPENTER. It is general legisla-
tion, as I understand, not recommended b^
any head of Department or anybody else.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. My friend mis-
understands 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
has asked the Senator to state where he pro-
poses to insert the amendment, and the Sec-
retary will then report the amendment.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I move to
postpone the consideration of the present bill
in order to change the time of the recess.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Maine has the floor. Does he yield
for that purpose?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. No, I do not
