THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 4,
however, abide by the wishes of the Senate. I
want to get through with this subject as soon
as we can. There are other amendments to
be offered, and perhaps we can go on a little
longer until the Senate is ready to adjourn.
INVESTIGATION OP CHARGES.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. An-
thony in the chair.) With the permission of
the Senate, the Chair will at this time lay
before the Senate a message from the House
6f Representatives.
The Chief Clerk read the following resolu-
tion adopted by the House of Representatives:
Whereas the evidence taken by a select commit-
tee of this House appointed December 2,1872, for
the purpose of examining into charges of bribery
of members of this House, contains matter affecting
members of the Senate, Therefore
Resolved, That tho Clerk of the House be directed
to transmit to the Senate a copy of ail the evidence
thus far reported to the House by said committee,
together with a copy of this resolution.
Mr. PATTERSON. Mr. President, I move
that a select committee of five be appointed to
consider all the matters contained in this tes-
timony, and that they have power to send for
persons and papers.
, The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the motion just made by the Senator
from New Hampshire.
Mr. SHERMAN. They ought to have
power to employ a clerk.
Mr. PATTERSON. Certainly. I will put
that in the resolution.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. How shall
this committee be appointed?
By unanimous consent, the Vice President
Was authorized to appoint the committee.
Mr. PATTERSON. I wish to state that I
desire to be left off the committee. Of course
I shall not serve on the committee, and do not
wish to be appointed a member of it.
MESSAGE FROM TUB HOUSE
A message from the House of Represent-
atives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, an-
nounced that the House had agreed to the re-
port of the committee of conference on the
disagreeing votes of the two Houses on the
bill (II. R. No. 2989) making appropriations
for the current and contingent expenses of
the Indian department, and for fulfilling
treaty stipulations with various Indian tribes
for the year ending June 30, 1874, and for
other purposes.
The message also announced that the House
had non-concurred in the amendment of the
Senate to the bill (H. R. No. 3496) to amend
am act entitled "An act to establish a uniform
system of bankruptcy throughout the United
States," approved March 2,1867, asked a con-
ference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses on the bill, and had appointed Mr. B.
F. Butler of Massachusetts, Mr. John A.
Peters of Maine, and Mr. C. N. Potter of
New York, managers of the same on its part.
The message further announced that the
House had passed the following bills; in which
it requested the concurrence of the Senate:
■ A bill (H. R. No. 3310) to authorize the
National Rank of Springfield, Missouri, to
change its name;
A bill (H. R, No. 3793) to provide for the
revision of the treaties with the Indian tribes;
and
A bill (H. R. No. 3794) to sell a vacated
soldiers' burial-ground near Cumberland,
Maryland, to the Hebrew congregation of that
city, to enlarge their grave-yard.
ENROLLED BILLS STONED.
The message also announced that the
Speaker of the House had signed the following
enrolled bills ; and they were thereupon signed
by the Vice President:
A bill (S. No. 835) to reimburse George S.
Fisher for losses sustained in the building and
burning up of the consulate of the United
States at Kanagawa, Japan, November 26.
1866;
A bill (S. No. 1317) to provide for the hold-
ing of additional terms of the circuit court of
the United States for the southern district of
New York;
A bill (H. R. No. 2509) granting a pension
to Mary E. Snively and MarillaS. Snively; and
A bill (H. R. No. 3617) making an appro-
priation to defray the expenses of the Ameri-
can and British claims commission, and for
other purposes.
PRESIDENTIAL APPROVALS.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. O. E. Babcock, his Secretary,
announced that the President had on the 31st of
January approved andsigned thefollowingacts:
An act (S. No. 760) for the relief of Beverly
B. Botts, Rosalie S. Lewis, Isabella McLean
Lewis, and Mary Minor Hoxsey, children and
heirs at law of John M. Botts, deceased; and
An act (S. No. 1015) to quiet titles to cer-
tain lands in the State of Iowa.
The message also announced that the Presi-
dent had on the 4th instant approved and
signed an act (S. No. 1367) for the relief of
John Thompson Mason, formerly collector of
customs at Baltimore, and late United States
depositary.
AMENDMENT Of BANKRUPT LAW.
The Senate proceeded to consider its amend-
ment to the bill (H. R. No. 3496) to amend
an act entitled "An act to establish a uniform
system of bankruptcy throughout the United
States," approved March 2, 1867, disagreed
to by the House of Representatives ; and
On motion of Mr. CARPENTER, it was
Ordered, That the Senate insist on its amendment
to the said bill, and agreed to the conference asked
by the House of Representatives on the disagreeing
votes of tho two Houses thereon.
By unanimous consent, it was
Ordered, That the conferees on the part of the
Senate be appointed by the Vice President.
The VICE PRESIDENT appointed Mr.
Carpenter, Mr. Thttrman, and Mr. Sawyer
the conferees on the part of the Senate.
THE CURRENCY SPECIE PAYMENTS.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (S.
No. 1313) supplementary to an act entitled
"An act to provide a national currency se-
cured by a pledge of United States bonds, and
to provide for the circulation and redemption
thereof," approved June 3, 1864, and to secure
an elastic currency, to appreciate national
obligations, and _ to reach specie payments
without commercial embarrassment, the pend-
ing question being upon the amendment of Mr.
Buckingham.
Mr. THURMAN. Mr. President, the an-
swer of my colleague to my question is not
satisfactory to my mind, perhaps owing to my
incapacity to understand the operation of this
bill should it become a law. His idea is, and
the same idea was advanced by the Senator
from Michigan, [Mr. Ferry,] that for every
dollar of greenbacks which is redeemed by a
five per cent, bond, a dollar of six per cent,
five-twenties can be purchased by the Govern-
ment, and therefore a saving be- made of one
per cent, interest. I do not think that prop-
osition is true. Certainly the Secretary of the
Treasury has not purchased any five-twenties
at par with greenbacks yet. We know he has
paid as high as nineteen percent, premium in
greenbacks for the five-twenties. And when
does my friend expect that the Secretary of
the Treasury will be able to purchase five-
twenty bonds with greenbacks at par? Does
he think the passage of this bill will enable
him immediately to purchase five-twenties at
par with greenbacks ? If he can do that,, then
there is a saving_ of this one per cent, interest,
and the calculation of my colleague is correct.
But I have not the slightest idea that on the
passage of this bill the Secretary can buy five-
twenty bonds at par with greenbacks; and
therefore the whole notion, of saving one per
cent, by this operation, seems to me to be
without foundation. If five per cents, are worth
par in gold now, why in the name of all that
is reasonable do you not tell the Secretary of
the Treasury to sell five per cents, and take
up the six per cents 1
Mr. SHERMAN. We do.
Mr. THURMAN. What is the use of all
this roundabout business of converting green-
backs into five per cents., in order to redeem
the six per cents., if five per cents are now at
par in gold and you can sell as many of them
as you see fit to put upon the market at five
per cent, interest in gold ? If that is so, why
not sell just as many as you please? What is
the use of the syndicate ? What is the use
of the large amount of money which we give
to the Secretary of the Treasury in order to
negotiate a five per cent, loan, amounting, I
think, to millions? What is the use of all
that, if you can sell a five per cent, bond readily
in the market at par in gold and thereby re-
deem a six per cent. ? There is no necessity
of this bill for the purpose of redeeming the
six per cents, if you can sell a five per cent,
bond at par in gold for them ; all you have to
do is to issue it and sell it without any of the
machinery provided for by this bill. I do
not, therefore, see that the answer given by
my friend, the chairman of the committee, is
an answer at all to the question which I put
to him. It seems to me that the principal
effect of this bill, apart from that provision in
it which relieves the banks from keeping a
reserve, is to saddle on this Government the
payment of $18,000,000 interest each year, in
round numbers, and then have just precisely
the same amount of greenbacks in circulation
that you had before you assumed that liability.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. An-
thony in the Chair.) The question is on the
amendment proposed by the Senator from
Connecticut, [Mr. Buckingham.]
The question being put, there were, on a
division—ayes 14, noes 15.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM called for the yeas
and nays ; and they were ordered.
Mr. THURMAN. I wish to ask the mover
of this amendment a question, to see if I
understand it. If I understand it, he does
not propose that greenbacks shall be manu-
factured to pay bonds; he does not propose
to increase the volume of greenbacks, but only
that the amount of greenbacks now author-
ized by law shall be applied to the payment
of bonds.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I should, in fairness
to the Senate, say that if this amendment is
adopted, and the bill becomes a law, the Sec-
retary of the Treasury will have power to
issue legal-tender notes so far as anybody shall
bring bonds and ask for them.
Mr. THURMAN. He may increase them
to any extent he pleases ?
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. Yes, sir.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. To one hun-
dred or five hundred millions.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I would say this,
however, that there will be no increase of the
debt of the United States.
The question being taken by yeas and nays;
resulted—yeas 9, nays 34 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Buckingham, Cole, Ferry of Con-
Wright—9 aSaU' Ke^y• Nye' sPraS«e. and
Messrs. Ames, Bayard, Boreman, Came-
ron, Casserly, Clayton, Conkling, Cooper, Davis,
ierry of Michigan, Frelinghuysen, Gilbert, Gold-
thwaite, Harlan, Hitcheocfe, Johnston. Lewis,
Machen, Morrill of Vermont, Norwood, Patterson,
Pool, Pratt, Ransom, Saulsbary, Scott, Sherman
Stevenson, Stewart, Stockton, Thurman, Tipton,
Viekers, and Wmdom—34.
ABSENT-Messrs. Alcorn, Anthony, Blair, Brown-
low, Caldwell, Carpenter, Chandler, Corbett, Crngin,
£ U?? ofMaryland, Hamilton
Sf - Hamlm, Hill, Howe, Logan, Morrill of
Maine, Morton, Osborn, i>omeroy, Kamsey, Bobert-
Wekf andeWifs°oii—lo. bunmer' Tr<™bull,
So the amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. WRIGHT. I move that the Senate pro-
ceedto the consideration of executive business,
lhe motion was agreed to.
