1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
20Sf
yield for any purpose. Let the amendment
be read.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I ask to be
allowed to make a motion to lay this bill on
the table for the purpose of extending the
time for taking a recess.
Mr. TRUMBULL. While the Senator from
Maine is hunting for the amendment, let me
say to my friend from Vermont that if people
would stop discussing about a recess we could
finish this bill in five minutes.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Let it come in
on page 16, after line three hundred and sixty-
eight. Now'let the Secretary read it.
The Chief Clerk. On page 16 of the bill,
after line three hundred and sixty-eight, it is
proposed to insert:
To enable the President of the United States to
perfect and put in force such rules regulating the
civil service as may from time to time be adopted
by him, there is hereby appropriated any balance of
the appropriation for the same object for the cur-
rent fiscal year remaining unexpended at the close
of said fiscal year.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The Senator
from Maine yields to me for the purpose of
changing the time.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. If it can be
done without opposition.
Mi;. MORRILL, of Vermont. I move that
we have a recess from five to half past five
to-day.
Mr. TRUMBULL and others. I object.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objection
is made.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Then I move
to lay the bill on the table for the purpose of
making that motion. ["Nol" "No!"]
Mr. COLE. Will not the Senator yield to
me for a moment? I move that the Senate
do now take a recess until halfpastfive o'clock.
That motion is in order under the rule.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I hope the Sen-
ator will do that after 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor from California moves that the Senate take
a recess uutil half past five.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Is it in order to do
that? ["Yes."] Then I hope it will be voted
down.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from
California.
The question was put, and the ayes were
thirty-seven. %
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let us have the yeas
and nays. ["No!" "Nol"]
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a
second to the call for yeas and nays ? Those
who wish the question taken by yeas and nays
will rise.
Mr. CONKLING. Let us divide on that.
I insist on a division.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I asked for the yeas and
nays.
Mr. CONKLING. And I insist on a divis-
ion upon the question of sustaining that call.
Mr. STEWART. We cannot stop calling
the roll after it is commenced.
Mr. TIPTON. Has not the hour for the
recess come ?
Twelve Senators rose to sustain the call for
the yeas and nays.
Mr. CONKLING. I demand a count on
the other side, of those opposed to ordering
the yeas and nays.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The rule is
that one fifth of the last vote is sufficient.
There is one fifth of the last vote ; twelve have
risen to sustain the call for yeas aud nays.
The Chair rules that the yeas and nays are
ordered. Senators, those in favor of the
motion when your names are called will
answer "yea;" those opposed will answer
" nay." The Secretary will call the roll.
Mr. CONKLING. Now I rise to a ques-
tion of order, and it is that the hour has
arrived when we take a recess according to
the order of the Senate.
Mr. COLE. The question is not debatable.
Let the roll be called.
Mr. CONKLING. I make the point of
order that the hour has arrived when the
recess begins, and therefore we cannot pro-
ceed with the roll-call.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The hour
of five o'clock having arrived, the Senate
takes a recess until seven o'clock this evening.
EVENING SESSION. ' '
The Senate reassembled at seven o'clock
p. m.
civil appropriation bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Ferry,
of Michigan, in the chair.) The recess having
expired, the Senate resumes the consideration
of the bill (H. R. No. 3921) making appropri-
ations for sundry civil expenses of the Govern-
ment for the fiscal year ending June 30, 1874,
and for other purposes, the question being on
the amendment offered by the Senator from
Maine, [Mr. Morrill.]
Mr. PRATT. I ask for the consideration
of bills from the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. COLE. Let us go on with the appro-
priation bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from California objects, and the sundry civil
appropriation bill is before the Senate, the
pending question being on the amendment
offered by the Senator from Maine, [Mr. Mor-
rill,] on page 16, after line three hundred and
sixty-eight, to insert the following clause:
To enable the President of the United States to
perfect ana put in force such rules regulating the
civil service as may from time to time be adopted
by him, there is hereby reappropriated any balance
of the appropriation for the same object, for the
current fiscal year remaining unexpended at the
close of said fiscal year.
Mr. COLE. I think that is out of order.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I wish to state
the facta in regard to it. There were certain
rules and regulations established by the Pres-
ident under authority of law. An appropri-
ation was made last year to enable the Pres-
ident to execute the duty devolved upon him
by force of that law, and a portion of it has
been expended. A portion of it remains
unexpended, and will probably at the close
of this fiscal year. Whether this amendment
is in order or not I will not now stop to in-
quire. It seems a matter so obviously proper
that no point ought to be raised upon it.
Mr. CONKLING. Well, let us have the
vote.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Maine.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HITCHCOCK. On page 19, line four
hundred and fifty-two, I move that after the
word " dollars" the words " and this appro-
priation shall become available from and after
the passage of this act" be inserted.
The amendment was agreed to.
The amendments were ordered to be en-
grossed and the bill to be read a third time.
The bill was read a third time and passed.
house bill referred.
Mr. SCOTT. I ask that the bill (H. R. No.
4057) to amend an act entitled "An act to
reduce duties on imports and to reduce inter-
nal taxes and for other purposes," approved
June 6, 1872, and for other purposes, which
has come from the House may be referred to the
Committee on Finance, and there is a desire
to secure action.
The bill was read twice by its title and re-
ferred to the Committee on Finance.
state of louisiana.
Mr. DAVIS. The day before yesterday the
Senate discussed for the entire day and night
the bill relating to Louisiana, and it was finally
defeated by a majority of two. I voted with the
majority for the purpose of moving a recon-
sideration. It is plain to all I believe that
there should be some legislation on that sub-
ject. The bill will take but a few moments
if it is reconsidered. I therefore hope there
will be no objection to the reco nsideration of
the bill relative to Louisiana.
Mr. CONKLING. I ask the Senator to
hear a suggestion from me. I am going to
ask some Senator, and the good nature of my
friend induces me to ask him, to be allowed
to do a thing which I think will %ake but a
single moment, and which every Senator will
say ought to be done. The House has two or
three times passed a bill to enable the Secre-
tary of War to get rid of some useless property
located in two or three places, in my own
county at home for one, it being an old
arsenal, which is simply falling down. My
friend from Illinois, chairman of the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs, knows all about it.
People would be glad to buy it and pay the
value of it at an assessment. The House has
now a second time sent here a bill for that
purpose which has been reported by the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs. I have called the
attention of the Secretary to it and he has it
before him. I ask that it be taken up and
passed. It will take but a single moment and
there can be no possible objection.
Mr. DAVIS. What effect will that have of
the reconsideration of the Louisiana bill?
Mr. CONKLING.' Not the slightest.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator's
motion will retain its place.
Mr. DAVIS. With the understanding that
I retain the floor and can call up the Louisiana
bill presently, I give way.
sale of public property.
On motion of Mr. CONKLING, and by
unanimous consent, the Senate, as in Commit-
tee of the Whole, proceeded to consider the
bill (H. R. No. 3279) to amend an act entitled
"An act to authorize the sale of certain public
property," approved June 10, 1872. It, pro-
vides that nothing contained in the first sec-
tion of the act entitled "An act to authorize
the sale of certain public property," approved
June 10,1872, shall be so construed as to pre-
vent the Secretary of War from withdrawing
any of the property from sale in cases where,
in his judgment, the highest bid offered is
insufficient or unsatisfactory. Any of the
property thus withdrawn from sale may be
again offered, either at public sale or by in-
viting proposals, after six days' consecutive
notice, fifteen days before the day of sale, in
the newspapers mentioned in the act of which
this is an amendment. The Secretary of War
is to appoint a board of three Army officers,
which board shall appraise each piece or
parcel of land, with the buildings thereon, be-
fore the same is offered for sale, and no sale
shall be made at a price less than two thirds
of the appraised value.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
bankrupt law.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President 
Mr. EDMUNDS. I appeal to the Senator
from West Virginia to give me an opportunity
to ask the Senate to allow me to withdraw a
motion to reconsider that I inade on the reso-
lution instructing the Attorney General to
procure certain information about the bank-
rupt law.
Mr. DAVIS. Certainly, if it does not lead
to debate.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I merely ask leave to
withdraw the motion to reconsider.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Leave will be
granted unless there be objection.
indians of central superintendence.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Allow me to
make a report-
Mr. DAVIS. With the understanding that
I retain the floor.
