1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1077
AMENDMENT OF BANKRUPT LAW.
Mr. STEVENSON. Whilethegalleries are
being cleared J ask unanimous consent to take
up a local bill which is applicable only to the
State of Kentucky. It is Senate bill No. 1206,
unanimously reported from the Committee on
Public Buildings and Grouuds.
Mr. THURMAN. I was appointed, I be-
lieve, one of the members of the committee of
conference, on the part of the Senate on
House bill No. 3496, in relation to the bank-
rupt law. The facts are these: a bill passed
the House of Representatives; the Judiciary
Committee Of the Senate, to whom that bill
was referred, reported a substitute, which was
adopted by the Senate; the House has dis-
agreed to the amendment' and asked for a
committee of conference to which the Senate
agreed, and I was appointed one of the mem-
bers of that committee of conference. I was
not in theJudiciary Committee when the sub-
ject was considered, and ought not to be on
the committee of conference. On the con-
trary, the chairman of the Judiciary Com-
mittee, [Mr. Edmunds,] who reported the
substitute and understands the subject per-
fectly, ought to be one of the conferees on
the part of the Senate. I ask to be excused
and that he may be put in my place.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I hope the Senator from
Ohio will not be excused. He understands
the subject perfectly well, well enough I think
to defend our views, and it is entirely satisfac-
tory to me that he should be upon the com-
mittee. At the same time, I think it right to
state, although I am very sorry that the Vice
President is not in the chair, that having been
called down town to attend to a personal mat-
ter for an hour, this bill seems to have been
hurried back from the House of Representa-
tives and a conference committee appointed
on the jump to gratify somebody, and it is not
the course of business that usually in the
Senate is adopted.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Ferry,
of Michigan, in the chair.) The question is
on excusing the Senator from Ohib.
Mr. THURMAN. I insist that I ought to
be excused, and 1 insist upon it because I know
that the chairman of the Committee on the
Judiciary understands the subject far better
than I do, not having been in the committee
when the substitute was agreed to. I hope
the Senate will excuse me and that he will be
appointed in my place.
Mr CONKLING. As I have no doubt both
these Senators understand the subject, it is a
matter of indifference to me which Senator
acts on the conference committee, and I have
nothing to say in that regard. I wish, how-
ever, to say a word in respect to a remark that
fell from the Senator from Vermont. He said
that this bill seemed to have come over on the
jump, or that the conference committee had
beeu appointed on the jnmp. I understand
that the fact is this: the House asked for a
conference committee, the bill was lying on
our table, and one of the managers onthepart
of the House was compelled to go away, as I
was told, either to-piglit or in the morning, 1
am not sure which. At any rate, it concerned
the convenience of' the managers on the part
of the House to meet as soon as might be and
consider the subject, it being one which was
a matter of time, chiefly, as the Senator from
Vermont said yesterday. I happened myself
to occupy the chair then, when he interrupted
the business of the Senate and asked to have
the bill considered immediately, out of regard,
as he said, to those who had suffered by the
fire in Boston, and everybody was given to
'understand that time was of the essence of
this matter. A member of the House of
Representatives informed me of thus, and
looked about to find other members of the
Judiciary Committee whom he did not find.
As I was not specially acquainted with the
subject, I did not feel called upon to m6ve in
the matter one way or the other. When the
Senator from Wisconsin [Mr. Carpenter]
came in I informed him of the scarch which
had been made for him and other members
of the committee, and of the object of that
search, and repeated the message which was
delivered to me, coming from one of the man-
agers on the part of the House, that he was
compelled to go away presently; and the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin upon that information
submitted the motion ; and in his absence I
feel bound to say that if there eould be any
possible blame about it, I am quite as much to
blame myself as he can be, as I delivered the
message to him. Bat I humbly conceive that
there is no blame about it, and nothing un-
usual ; there was simply the ordinary motion
made at the suggestion of a member of the
House owing to the fact that it concerned the
convenience of the managers on the part of
the House to act presently.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on excusing the Senator from Ohio
from service on the conference committee.
The question being put, it was declared that
the affirmative appeared to prevail.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I ask a division; because
I beg the Senator from Ohio to understand
that I have entire confidence in his defending
the interests of the Senate, and under existing
circumstances I should think myself doing en-
tirely what I ought not to do to serve upon the
committee under any circumstances. There-
fore I hope the Senator will not insist upon
his motion to be excused.
Mr. THURMAN. Iam very much obliged
to my friend for the confidence he has in me;
but it is more than I have in myself, for I was
not in committee when the subject was con-
sidered. I understand the substitute was
drafted by the chairman of the Judiciary Com-
mittee, and he does understand it, and I think
the respect that is due to him as well as to the
committee, and the public interest, all require
that I should be excused and he put in my
place.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think the motion of
my colleague is a Very reasonable one. The
Senator from Vermont, who drafted the bill,
ought to represent the Senate on the conference
committee. That is the usage of the Senate.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should not have made
an inquiry of my friend from Ohio [Mr. Thur-'
man] as to whether there was a conference if
I had supposed that the result of it was to be
that it was understood that I wanted to be a
member of that conference committee.
Mr. THURMAN. I never supposed any
such thing.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Quite the reverse. I
only said to him, having understood that the
conference committee was now in session, I
having been gone out of the Senate an hour
and a quarter and the bill not having come
over when I went away, that a conference
committee had been appointed and was now
in session, as I was told, and that my friend
from Ohio was a member of the committee.
In order to be advised as to what the state of
the bill was, where we rather strained a point
to pass it at all, I went and made an inquiry
of him. Now he evidently seemed to feel that I
felt in some sense a personal hurt about it;
quite tie reverse. The comment I made was
merely intended to draw the attention of the
Senate, not to any impropriety of my friend
from New York at all; I do not, think there
was any ; but to the rather extraordinary haste
6f the Senate itself in agreeing to a confer-
erence in the absence of the member who re-
ported the bill, when he bad only been gone an
hour, and when it came over so suddenly, as
it did. I do not impugn anybody's motives;
there is no ground to impugn anybody's mo-
tives ; and therefore under existing circum-
stances, if my friend from Ohio were excused,
I should positively decline to serve on the
committee. The Senate could deal with me,
I suppose, for disobeying its mandate ; but I
should feel it due to myself, after what has
been done, that I should be excused from hav-
ing any service on the committee, and it is
quite right, therefore, to leave it as it is.
Mr. THURMAN. I did not understand
that the Senator from Vermont, the chairman
of the Committee on the Judiciary, was at all
hurt personally, or that there was any pergonal
slight. The reason why I asked to be ex-
cused was that which I gave, that I was not
in committee when the substitute was con-
sidered, and am not therefore the proper
person to be on the committee of confer-
ence. He was in committee, and. as I under-
stood drafted the substitute, and I subttiit to
the Senate that therefore he ought to be-on
the committee of conference on the part of
the Senate. That was my whole object. In
fact, when the Senator spoke to me I did not
know what the bill was that I w s appointed
one ,of the conference committee upon. I
heard my name mentioned by the Vice Presi-
dent, but I did not know what bill it was, and
until somebody mentioned that it was the
bankrupt bill, I did not know that it was ujpoa
that subject.. But I do insist upon it in View
of the public intero-, s that the Senator who
drafted the substitute which passed the Senate^
and who was in the committee when it was
discussed, ought to be upon the committee of
conference instead of a member who.was not
in the committee when it was considered and
has no special knowledge of it.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. There is no
doubt that regularly the Senator from Ver-
mont would be on the committee, but if it is
unpleasant to him I trust the Senate will not
insist upon it, and it could not be in better
hands than the hands of the Senator from.
Ohio, who understands the whole case.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Ohio,
that he be excused from service upon the con-
ference committee.
The question being put, there were on a
division—ayes 24, noes 11, no quorum voting.
Mr. HAMLIN. Let ns divide again.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will take the vote again.
The question being again put, there were on
a division—ayes 34, noes 14.
So the motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will appoint the Senator from Vermont.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The Senator from Ver-
mont informs the Chair that he declines the
appointment, and must, with all respect to
the Senate, say that he cannot perform the
duty.
Mr. CONKLING. Then the question is
whether he shall be excused.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques'
tion is on excusing the Senator from Vermont.
The question being put, it was declared the
negative appeared to prevail.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The Senator from Ver-
mont again gives notice to the Senate, with
all respect to it, that he is unable to attend to
that duty, and the Senate will therefore be
obliged to intrust it to the other two members
of the committee.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will state the question again, sis the Senator
has insisted on not being appointed, and has
called attention to the fact that he does not
desire to be placed on the committee.
Mr. SHERMAN. We have never required
a Senator to serve on a committee.
Mr. STEVENSON. I hope the Senator
from Vermont will be excused if he desires
to be.
Mr. STEWART and others. Put the ques-
tion again.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on excusing the Senator from Vermont.
The question was decided in the afBrmative.
Mr. CONKLING. I now move to recon-
sider the vote by which the Senator from Ohio
was excused.
The motion was agreed to.
