114
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 10,
must depend very greatly upon pure adminis-
tration. I do not believe everything is now
couleur de rose in the Indian service. I be-
lieve there are voucher thieves still There
are men who still cheat in the value or number
of the cattle they sell to the Government.
There are men who still cheat in transporta-
tion contracts. So great a service as this, ex-
tending over so large a territory, is exceedingly
difficult to purify effectually ; but I believe
there has been a purer administration in this
respect during the past year or two thau here-
tofore. This pure administration is necessary
because it gives the Indian the full benefit of
the intended bounty of the Government. If
blankets contracted to be sent to the Indians
have stflallerand meaner ones put in their places
on the way the Indians are not only defrauded
but the Government is defrauded, for it pays
for inferior the price for which superior goods
were to be supplied. If provisions for the
subsistence of the Indians be not delivered or
are of poor quality, in time either they are led
to acts of turbulence and outrage on that
account or they are compelled to sutfer because
of the lack of promised subsistence.
Furthermore, pure administration gives a
purer moral example on the part of the em-
ploy6s. I have no doubt there have been
employes of the Government in the Indian
service—I trust they are rooted out—who have
themselves led the raid on these Indians, who
have violated or enticed away Indian women,
and who have thereby caused Indian wars
which have cost the Government millions of
dollars, and who have defrauded the Indians
in various other ways. I have a strong belief
that these evils are rapidly being weeded out.
I do not say they are all weeded out, but the
tendency is strongly in that direction, and the
Indian service is purer than it ever was before.
Furthermore, pure administration is neces-
sary to inspire the Indians with confidence in
the intentions of the Government when we go
there to induce them to remain at peace with
the whites. If we once send shameless agents
among them, or those who deceive them, they
will not be apt to trust us a second time. We
need in dealing with them to have their con-
fidence.
And, Mr. Chairman, I desire to take this
occasion to say, speaking of this matter, that
in my judgment the administration of the
Indian office by the present Commissioner of
Indian Affairs, General Walker, during the
past year has been able, intelligent, disinter-
ested, and pure. I must gay with the intimate
connection I have been compelled to have with
the proceedings of that office in order that I
might explain to the House the various items
of the appropriation bill, that during the time
he has spent in that office he has inspired
me with the fullest confidence, and I think it
no more than right that this upright and able
officer should have this testimony given on the
floor of this House.
And I also desire to say that I think the
members of the Indian commission during the
past j ear, and in fact during the three years
they have been organized, have worked stead-
ily for the benefits of the Indians and the pro-
tection of the Government from frauds. The
board has patiently and zealously performed
their unpaid services for three years past.
They have traveled in distant and disturbed
districts of the country, two hundred and fifty-
si;,: thousand miles in all, without salary or com-
pensation. They have gone everywhere illus- I
trating the human element of our Indian ser- |
vice. And oot only this, but in connection with
General Walker, of whom they speak in their
repo: ts and to me personally with as much
warmth of appreciation as 1 have used on this
floor, and General Cowen of the Interior,
they have supervised the purchases on behalf
of the Government for the Indian service. I
hold in my hand the report of the purchasing
committee, signed by George H. Stuart, chair-
man, John V. Furwell, Robert Campbell, and
William E. Dodge, showing their operations
during the past year ; and that the House
may understand the manner in which they do
their work, and the manner in which the Gov-
ernment is protected by the efforts of these
unselfish men, working without pay, I shall
send it to the CHerk's desk and ask that it may
be read.
I will first state, however, that we appro-
priated but $15,000 for the expenses of these
Indian commissioners in the last Indian ap-
propriation bill. They have informed me that
they have not spent more than half of that for
their expenses, and that they need no appro-
priation for the next year. I have therefore
simply put in the bill the ordinary provision
that the board is continued another year, with
the powers and duties prescribed by law. My
friend from Maine [Mr. Hale] suggests that
what I state with regard to this appropriation
for the Indian commission is unprecedented
in the history of appropriations. I think my-
self it is evidence of the honest and disinter-
ested character of these gentlemen.
The Clerk read as follows:
Folio wine the platt adopted last year, a warehouse
was secured in New York for a short time, and for
two week- prior to the opening of bids was open
for the reception of «amr' a and sealed proposals.
On Tuesday. May 21, the. day of opening the pro-
posals, the bi.',.ters, who represented the largest
manufacturers and dealers in New York, Phila-
delphia, Chicago, ?,vl other cities, were present in
large numbers, an! evinced much interest in tbe
proceedings, and the priccs offered were quoted in
the price current of tho day. Some bids were received
for a single article, others for almost tho entire list
advertised for. The advertisement for annuity
j goods was so improved over that of the past years,
i and the quantity and quality of the goods were so
definitely stated, that any one familiar with them
could bid knowingly. The competition was thrown
open to the whole market, and that it was active is
shown in the number of proposals received and the
prices at which the awards were made. Leading
articles were offered at lower prices than the largest
jobbing houses were giving their best buyers. Prints
in large quantities were furnished at 9}c. which in
open market were selling at lOic. and 11c. per yard ;
sheeting at 12o., which in open market was worth
13c. and 13sc., and other goods at equally low ratea.
The reason for these prices was that the purchases
were made in large quantities and taken out of the
market. The prompt payment of the bills was
assured by the- improvement in the Indian Office,
and the desire of merchants to do the Government
business. The purchases for the past year were as
follows:
Blankets       $207,118 00
Cloths....     112,116 3H
; Dry goods  122,988 69
! Clothing    16,458 81*
Hats    4,330 75
Shoes  5,724 52i
Hardware  36,221 62
Total     $504,050 lli
On May 28, at the same place, and in the same I
manner, bids for supplies were opened. There were
proposals, and their opening was attended by a large
number of bidders from all parts of the country, i
The same examination of samples and comparison j
of prices were made as in the purchase of goods. In
eases where the committee were unable to decide as
to the relative merits of samples and prices, the
assistance of disinterested gentlemen, prominent in
New York business circles, was kindly given us.
The following were the contracts entered into for
supplies:
Beef on hoof.  8764,804 50
Bacon  181,546 99
Sugar     98.417 25
Flour   315,808 40
Coffee  108,179 60
Soap  6,^42 09
Salt  960 75
Tobacco  55,464 00
Saleratus  ' 362 50
Total      -$1,481,786 08
The saying in the article of beef alone over tho
prices paid prior to the supervision of the board
was almost as marked as it was last year. The
average price this year was $2 71.02 per hundred
pounds against an average of $4 39 per hundred
pounds two years ago.
The following is a comparison of results:
27,850,000 pounds of beef (amount purchased this
year) at an average cost of 84 39 per one hundred
pounds $1,222,615 00
27,850,000 pounds of beef at an aver-
age cost of $2 71.02 per one hundred
Pounds  764,804 50
Some of the articles were at a fraction higher rates
than last year, yet the prices were as a whole very
satisfactory to your committee. The following were,
the average prices:
Beef, on hoof, per 100 lbs   $2 71.02
Flour, per 100 lbs  5 03.33
Bacon, per lb., delivered at agenoies    10.10
lobacco, per lb      54.18
Hugar. per lb  10}
Coffee, to June 30,1872, per lb  22.9
Coffee, after July 1.1872, per lb     194
The redaction afterward made in the tax on to-
bacco was to be deducted, and all the coffee was
delivered after July 1. The prices delivered at the
agencies of beef on the hoof ranged from $1 8'4 to'
$3 25 per hundred pounds, and flour from $3 45 to
$7 80 per hundred pounds.
Showing a difference in favor of this
year of.    $157,810 50
In addition to these purchases superintended by
your committee, individual members ol it, by the
request of the honorable Coiuqiist^oner of Indian
Affairs, made purchases at various times during the
year, amounting in the aggregate to £18,973 91.
making the total purchases made by and under the
personal supervision of your committee as follows:
Goods      $o04,050 lli
Supplies    1,481,786 08
Miscellaneous, by individuals  18,973 91
Tetal   82,004,810 lOi
Every bidder to whom an award was made
promptly and satisfactorily filed the required bond
for the filling of their contract, except Richard
Cochrane, of Sioux City, who, being the lowest bid-
der, was awarded the contract for bacon, and failing
to give any attention to the notice of the award, the
contract was given to Messrs. Durfee & Peck, the
next lowest bidders.
The contract for carrying freights was made at
very satisfactory figures, being at the rate of $1 04
per hundred pounds for first class freight to Sioux
City. The bids of three trunk lines, the next, best
bidders, being at the rate of $1 98 per hundred
pounds to the same point. The examination of
samples, the comparison as to prices and qualities,
and the awarding of the contracts required the per-
sonal attention of your committee in New York some
two weeks.
One hundred and seventeen distinct articles in
annuity goods were advertised for, and for many of
them there was not only a large number of bids, but
a great variety of different samples and prices. Of
supplies seventy-nine different offerings were re-
quired. and for each of them there was a large num-
ber of bids. Awards were made to forty-eight firms
and individuals. After the award of bids the deliv-
ery of goods was promptly made, and every article
was examined and compared with the samples, and
the invoices compared with the bids. ThiB wasdone
by the following ^worn inspectors appointed by your
committee: Mr. F. D. Allen, of Boston, and Mr. J. S.
Glenn and Mr. ffa. Doughten, of Philadelphia,
well-known businessmen ot these cities.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SARGENT. I ask that I may be allowed
ten minutes more.
There was no objection. .
i Mr- SARGENT. I think any one who has
paid attention to the document just read) from
the Ckrk'ftdesk.willaay that the Government
during the past .year baa had every.guard of
the highest business experience and most
inflexible honesty thrown around . its ■ pur-
chasers. And I am quite satisfied-that every
credence will be given to the report of these
gentlemen, whose character places them above
suspicion, and who -rhave no pecuniary motive,
either by money paid to them out of the.Treas-
ury or by interest in any contract* to misrep-
resent the truth of the facts, and whose stand-
ing in the community is so bight that the breath
of suspicion has never tainted them.
I would like to remark further, in continua-
tion of-my statement,'with reference to the
guards thrown around the Indian service, and
as showing theintereatof the parties who have
been at work among the Indians during the
past year, that the religious societies generally
have taken a warm interest id the various
tribes committed to their charge. It has been
t<oo much the case in former years that there
was antagonism between the agents of mis-
sionary societies sent out by churches and the
employes of the Government. They would
manage to misunderstand each other, and
would have real .or imaginary >cause of mutual
fault.finding> The result.was thalt many mis-
sions WBre withdrawn, and that very little was
done,in the direction of civilizing the Indiana
by the religious sentimBnt of the country.
During the past yeae or two, however, thqre
ha$ been, a very gratifying change in this-re-
spect, and these societies have not only zeal-
ously endeavored to see every cent properly
