1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1079
The bill was read. The first section pro-
vides that the name of the National Bank of
Springfield, Missouri, shall be changed to the
First National Bank of Springfield, Missouri,
whenever the board of directors of the bank
shall accept the new name by resolutions of the
board, and cause a copy of such resolutions,
duly authenticated, to be filed with the Comp-
troller of the Currency.; provided that such ac-
ceptance be made within six months after the
passage of this act. The second section pro-
vides that all the debts, demands, liabilities,
rights, privileges, and powers of the National
Bank of Springfield, Missouri, shall devolve
upon and inure to the First National Bank of
Springfield, Missouri, whenever such change
of name is effected.
Mr. RANDALL. That bill does not em-
brace a provision requiring confirmation by
three fourths of the stockholders, which is
usual in such bills as these.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. The bill
does not change the location of the bank;
merely its name. There are two national
banks in that place.
There being no objection, the bill was re-
ceived, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading; and, being engrossed, was accordingly
read the third time, and passed.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was passed;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
BELIEF FOR BOSTON.
Mr. DAWES. I ask unanimous consent to
report back from the Committee of Ways and
Means a bill (H. R. No. 3037) to remit the
duties on certain goods destroyed by fire at the
late conflagration in the city of Boston.
The bill was read.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to the
consideration of this bill at the present time 1
Mr. HOLMAN. Reserving the right to
object, I desire to suggest to the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] whether this
is not a subject upon which we s*hould have
opportunity for full consideration. I do not
object to assigning sometime for its considera-
tion.
Mr. DAWES. I am reluctant to ask the
indulgence of the House; but this is a bill
of relief, and there is great occasion for its
passage. At some time, when it will not inter-
fere with the public business, I would like to
have the House take it up and pass it.
Mr. HOLM AN. I hope an opportunity will
be given for its consideration.
Mr. RANDALL. I call for the regular
order.
The SPEAKER. The bill is not before the
House.
Mr. PAR WELL. I desire to give notice
that when this bill shall come up for consider-
ation I shall ask to offer the following amend-
ment as an additional section:
Sec. —. That the provisions of this bill shall be
extended to the merchants of the oity of Chicago
who lost their goods under like circumstances in the
great fire of October 7, 8, and 9,1871, save that the
appraiser of customs shall act upon said commis-
sions, instead of the naval officer at Chicago.
Mr. DAWES. I assure the House that I
shall occupy but a. very short time on this
matter. .
Mr. KERR. I think it is not improper tor
me to say that this bill, whenever it may come
up, will occupy a good deal of time in discus-
sion. I wish further to say that the bill now
comes before the House, not as the judgment
of a majority of the committee, but by the
permission of the committee) that it may be
reported for the action of the House.
Mr. DAWES. I think my friend is mistaken
on that point. At one time the position of
the bill was what he states j bat since then it
has received the concurrence of five members
of the committee.
Mr. KERR. Then I suppose it has been
acted on when I was absent from the commit-
tee. If the fact is as stated by the Chair, I
stand corrected on that.
Mr. BIRD. I call for the regular order.
indian appropriation bill.
Mr. SARGENT. I now call up the report
of the committee of conference on the Indian
appropriation bill.
The report was read, as follows:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the amendments to the
bill (0. R. No. 29S9) making appropriations for the
current and contingent expenses of the Indian de-
partment, and for fulfilling treaty stipulations with
various Indian tribes for the year ending June 30,
1874, and for other purposes, having met, after full
and free conference, have agreed to recommend,
and do recommend, to their respective Houses as
follows:
That the House of Representatives recede from its
amendments to the amendments of the Senate num-
bered thirteen and fourteen, and agree to the same.
That the Senate recede from its disagreement to
the amendments of the House to the twenty-third,
thirty-second, and thirty-ninth amendments of the
Senate, and agree to the same.
That the House recede from its disagreement to
the first amendment of the Senate, and agree to the
same with the following amendment, to wit: in page
1, line six, of the bill, after the word "tribes,"
insert the following: "and where the exigencies of
the service require it, goods and supplies for the
Indian service for the fiscal year ending June 30,
1874, may be purchased and transported during the
current fiscal yearand that the Senate agree to
thesame.
Thatthe Senate recede from its thirty-fifth amend-
ment, and agree to the clause of the bill proposed
by said amendment to be stricken out, amended so
as to read as follows:
Provided, That the several appropriations herein
made for teachers, millers, blacksmiths, engineers,
carpenters, physicians, and other persons, and for
various articles provided for by treaty stipulation,
may be diverted to other uses for the benefit of the
various Indian tribes, within the discretion of the
President, and with the consent of said tribes, ex-
pressed in the usual manner, and that he cause
report to be made to Congress, at its next session
thereafter, of his action under this provision, and
that the Mouse agree to the same.
That the Senate recede from its disagreement to
the amendment of the House to the fortieth amend-
ment of the Senate, and agree thereto, with an
amendment so that the clause to be inserted shall
read as follows, to wit:
Sec. 6. That there shall be appointed by the
President, by and with the advice and consent of
the Senate, a sufficient number of Indian inspectors,
not exceeding five in number, to perform the duties
herein required. Each inspectorshallholdhisofSce
for four years, unless sooner removed by the Presi-
dent, and he shall receive an annual salary of $3,000
and his necessary traveling expenses, not exceeding
ten cents a mile for actual travel while m the dis-
charge of his duty, a statement of which expenses
as to each inspector shall accompany the annual
report of the Secretary of the Interior. Each In-
dian superintendency and agency shall be visited
and examined as often as twice a year by one or
more of the inspectors. Such examination shall
extend to a full investigation of all matters per-
taining to the business of the superintendency, or
agency, including an examination of accounts in
the manner of expending money, the number
of Indians provided for, contracts of all kinds
connected with the business, the condition of the
Indians, their advancement in civilization, the
extent of the reservations, and what use is made of
the lands set apart for that purpose, and, generaHy,
all matters pertaining to the Indian service, bor
the purpose of making such investigations, each
inspector shall have power to examine all books,
papers, and vouchers, to administer oaths, and to
examine on oath ail officers and persons employed
in the superintendency or agency, and allsucn other
persons as he may deem necessary or proper, lhe
inspectors, or any one of them, shall have power to
suspend any superintendent or agent or employe,
and to designate some person in his place tempora-
rily, subject to the approval of the President, making
immediate report of such suspension and designa-
tion; and upon the conclusion of e.ach examination,
a report shall be forwarded to the! resident without
delay. The inspectors, in the discharge of their du-
ties, jointly and individually, shall havo power, by
proper legal proceedings, which_ it shall be the duty
of the district attorney of the United btates for the
appropriate district duly to effectuate, to enforce
the laws, and to prevent the violation of law in the
administration of affairs in the several agencies and
superintendencies. So far as practicable, the exam-
inations of the agencies and superintendencies snail
be made alternately by different inspectors, so that
the same agency or superintendency may not be
examined twice in succession by the same inspector
or inspectors: Provided> That after the 30Jiof June,
1ST3, the offices of four of the superintendents of In-
dian affairs, and of the clerks to such superintend-
ent*. are hereby abolished, and the amount herein-
! before appropriated for salaries of said officers, or so
much thereof as may be necessaiy, is hereby appro-
priated to pay the salaries and traveling expenses
of said inspectors. And the President may assign
the remaining four superintendents to jurisdiction
over such agcncics as he may deeem proper ; or, in his
discretion, dispense with any or all of the said super-
intendents and their clerks.
Provided, That there shall not be paid or allowed
to any person whatever any fees or reward for ser-
vices, in connection with the subject-matter referred
to in the third section of this bill, either on account
of the United States or of the Choctaws, until further
action of Congress in the matter, and providing for
such allowance and payment; and that the House
agree to the same.
A. A. SARGENT,
JOHN P. C. SHANKS,
S. S. MARSHALL,
Managers on the part of the House.
WILLIAM WINDOM,
JAMES HARLAN,
J. W. STEVENSON,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
Mr. SARGENT. Mr. Speaker, I will say
a few words in explanation of this report,
although I think that from the manner in
which it is made up gentlemen who have list-
ened to its reading must understand exactly
what it means. Where we have changed a
provision, instead of making up our report,
as has been done heretofore, by referring to
lines and putting in words without stating their
connection, we have instructed our Clerk to
set out at large in the report the clause as
amended, so that the reading of the report
may show exactly the force of any amendment
which is made. The only two amendments
upon which the House conferees receded were
those with reference to the Apaches, the
Comanches, and the Wachitas, the difference
being between fifty and one hundred dollars
per capita in the appropriations for the benefit
of those tribes. In the matter of the Sioux
appropriation the Senate receded, as also in
the matter of the Winnebagoes and Kaws. In
the matter of appropriations for employes for
different purposes upon the reservations, a
question on which the House insisted upon
the provision it originally inserted in the bill,
the Senate receded upon our adding a clause
that the President, who is to exercise the
power of dispensing with the different pay-
ments, shall make or cause to be made to
Congress report of his action under that
provision. So the House provision stands as
insisted on by the House, with the addition
that the report of action under the provision
shall be made to Congress at the ensuing
session.
On the amendment with regard to the ap-
pointment of inspectors'and the abolition of
superintendencies the conferees agree that
the Senate provision for inspectors should re-
main, and that but four of the superintendents
and their clerks should be abolished. There
are eight now; and the conferees further agree
by compromise that four of the superintend-
ents should remain and be assigned by the
President to jurisdiction over such agencies
as he may deem proper and necessary for the
service, but in his discretion he may abolish
any one or all of them with their clerks.
The question was raised before tlm conferees
whether in some of the Territories where
agencies were somewhat numerous we would
not be at a much greater expense, and we
made the change abolishing four of the super-
intendencies, allowing four to remain to be
assigned to jurisdiction over such agencies as
the President might deem proper. Although
myself not entirely convinced on that point., I
thought substantial reform was effected by
striking out four of the superintendents and
their clerks and putting the power in the
hands of the President to abolish all when the
exigencies of the service would admit.
The final clause attached to that amend-
ment in regard to prohibiting any payment to
any person on account of the Government, or
on account of the Choctaws for servicesin con-
nection with the Choctaw claims was inserted
because it was shown before the committee of
conference that there was a promise either
direct or contingent by which parties would
receive some twenty-five or thirty thousand
dollars for calling the attention of the Govern-
ment to matters in connection with the Choctaw
