1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
115
expanded of what was coming from the Gov-
ernment to the Indiana, but have put their
hands into their own pockets, and have liber-
ally supplied means out of their own funds for
christianizing purposes. They hatre thus ex-
pended $100,000 for educational and similar
purposes during the past year, among the
various Indian tribes. The Episcopalians
have given $'25,000, besides various amounts
in supplies. The denomination of Friends
have tarnished the same amount, and the
Methodists, Presbyterians, Baptists, and Cath-
olics and other religious societies have worked
diligeutly for the same end, with the most
gratifying results. And I believe the princi-
pal reason for this has been that they were
seconded by the Government in giving them
facilities to carry out their beneficent purposes.
So far, then, as we compare the present
condition of the Indian service with its condi-
tion in former years, it is certainly in a pros-
perous state. If there are still defects, they
can be remedied. There are defects perhaps
hard to remedy, because they arise out of the
inherent nature of things and are difficult to
reach.
I think the Sioux problem, the Arizona
problem, the Cheyenne problem, are very hard
nuts either for the Indian department or the
military department to crack. These Indians
may commit all the outrages that savage hate
can influence them to, or injustice or oppres-
sion might lead them to, or that the acta of
bad men, desperadoes, can drive them to, and
we may be compelled to fight them even if it
costs as millions of dollars and the lives of
hundreds, if not thousands, of our soldiers.
There may be no alternative.
As I said before, I believe that if fair experi-
ment shows that they cannot be kept peace-
able by merciful and considerate means, then
we must resort to the military arm for the
purpose and compel them to keep the peace
toward their Indian and white neighbors.
And for this parpose I think there ought to be
more means placed within reach of the mili-
tary arm of the Government. The excise
was made when Indian outbreaksand murders
went unpunished in Arizona during the past
year, that the Government had not sufficient
means at its disposal to strike an effective
blow. If this be so, then sufficient meaus
ought to be placed at its disposal, not to use
them unless absolutely necessary, but to be
used certainly if needful to save the lives and
property of our citizens in that Territory.
But, sir, this question will be rapidly solved;
We can very little hinder its solution. Its
solution is as certain aS time and fate. . The
rapid march of emigration, the extension of
railroads, the destruction of game, all these
are causes which will compel the Indians,
unless they can succeed in depopulating the
country of white men, which they cannot, to
resort to agricultural and pastoral life. They
will by the march of events be brought within
the reach of the military arm* where they can
be chastised if they are implaeable.
Tbe policy of civilization and mercy does
not necessarily imply extinction. On the
New York reservation there has been an in-
crease of thirteen hundred Indians since 1860,
and an increase of one hundred during the
last year, showing that under conditions of
civilization there is a tendency to increase on
the part of the Indians and not to decrease.
Tbe vices of civilization are not more fatal to
them than the vices and exposure of savage
lite. The tomahawk and the forays of savage
life, want and exposure, kill and exterminate
as do drunkenness and the other vices which
civilization fosters ; but where Indians are
educated and brought to something approx-
imating civilization and Christianity, they do
not decrease. True civilization saves and
does not exterminate.
I thank the committer for the attention
they have given me, and I trust I shall have
their patience and concurrence during the
remainder of the time the bill may be before
the committee.
message from the senate.
Sere the committee rose informally, aud the
Speaker having resumed the chair, a message
from the Senate by Mr. Sympson, one of its
clerks, informed the House that the Senate
had passed bills of the following titles ; in
which the concurrence of the House was
requested:
A bill (S. No. 750) for the relief of C. E.
Rogers ;
A bill (S. No. 806) for the relief of John
A. Thompson;
A bill (S. No. 610) for the relief of Lizzie
Gilmer, postmaster at Pittsfield, Illinois; and
A bill (S. No. 1211) to authorize the National
Bank of Lyons, Michigan, to change its loca-
tion aud name.
The message further aunounced that tbe
Senate had passed bills of the House of the
following titles, with amendments ; in which
the concurrence of the House was requested :
A bill (H. R. No. 188) to extend the time
in which certain offenses may be prosecuted ;
and
A bill (H. R. No. 847) for the relief of Tins-
ley, Van Horn & Co., Glenn, Overall & Clark,
and J. N. Henderson & Co., of Louisiana,
Missouri.
The message further announced that the
Senate insisted on its disagreement to the
amendments of the House to the bill (S. No.
245) amendatory of an act authorizing the
construction of a bridge across the Arkansas
river, agreed to the further conference asked
by the House on the disagreeing votes upon
the said bill, and had appointed Mr. Rice, Mr.
Clayton, and Mr. Edmunds, the conferees on
the part of the Senate.
indian appropriation bill.
! The Committee of the Whole on the state
i of the Union then resumed its session.
The CHAIRMAN. By order of the House
all general debate on the bill has closed, and
the Clerk will now read the bill by clauses for
amendments.
The Clerk proceeded to read the bill.
The following paragraph was read :
For pay of ninety-one interpreters, 840,700, as fol-
lows: seven for the tribes in Oregon, two for the
Klamath agency, and one each for the Grand Roude,
Siletz, Umatilla, Warm Spring, and Alsea sub-
agency, at $500 per annum each.
Mr. SARGENT. I move to amend this
paragraph so that it will read, "for pay of
ninety interpreters, $40,000," &o.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read the following paragraph:
■ Two for the tribes in Wyoming, namely: Sho-
ahoneaod Bannock agency, at $500 each.
Mr. SARGENT. I move to amend this
paragraph by striking out'' two'' and inserting
"one" at the beginning, and by striking out
the word " each at the end of the paragraph.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read lines five hundred and ninety-
one, five hundred and ninety-two, and five
hundred and ninety-three, under the heading
"Crows," as follows:
For fourth of twenty installments, for pay of
teacher and furnighingjiiecessary books and station-
ery, under seventh article *atne treaty, $3,000.
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. It is a pity that
this bill should be gone through with ia this
manner without some suggestions being offered
upon it. I think this is a good place to make
one. I want to ask the gentleman in charge
of this bill [Mr. Sargent] why it is necessary
to appropriate $3,000 to pay a teacher, $2,000
for a blacksmith, $6,200 for a carpenter, mil-
ler, engineer, & a., for the Crows ?
The Commissioner of Indian Affairs says
that there are only twenty-seveu hundred of
these Crows in all, that they liav^; a reserva-
tion now of six million two hundred and sev<
entytwo thousand acres of land, that very
few of them are engaged in any sort of farming
operations, that they have only one school and
Only nine scholars going to that school. Now,
I would like to know why we should pay $3,000
for a teacher and $5,200 for all these other
ornamental gentlemen, when hardly aBy Crows
are engaged in farming.
According to the report of the Commissioner
of Indian Affairs we are giving these Crows
$190,000 a year. If it is said that we are
bound so to do by treaties heretofore made,
I want to call the attention of this House to
the fact thut upon my motion, a day or two
before we adjourned last year, this House
resolved with hardly a dissenting voice that
it was not only the right but the duty of this
House, whenever a treaty was made by the
Senate, even with a foreign nation, to with-
hold appropriations if we did not thinkthat
treaty should be carried out.
Now the question is, admitting this to be in
pursuance of a treaty, whether we ought to
carry it out, and also a dozen others, whereby
three fourths of the money paid to these
Indians is necessarily wasted. If there is no
other answer than the fact that these appro-
priations are in pursuance of treaty stipula-
tions, then 1 reply that we have already re-
solved that we would not carry out treaties
when in the judgment of the House they
should not be carried out.
I ask the gentleman managing this bill if he
thinks that in this particular instanoe the
provision requiringan appropriation of $8,000
for a teacher for nine little Crows should be
carried out? I admit that the answer is that
it is in pursuance of a treaty.
I have looked over the report of the Com-
missioner of Indian Affairs—which I will say
is by far the fairest, most exhaustive, and the
ablest report that I have seen from that office
since I have been a member of Congress—and
he shows the folly of these treaties in a great
variety of cases. The answer of course is that
these appropriations are in pursuance of treaty
stipulations ; but should not the House refuse
these appropriations when they are palpably
wrong ?
Mr. SARGENT. My friend from Kentucky
[Mr. Beck] knows that upon many of these
things his ideas and mine run very closely to-
gether. When upon the Appropriation Com-
mittee, and also when upon a certain investi-
gating committee, I think we differed very
little in regard to any important matter that
came up in relation to the Indians. I will say
to him, however, that I have found myself, as
I have no doubt the Indian Bureau has. very
frequently constrained by the incongruous
features of these old Indian treaties. - ; ■ i
I think it is absurd that the treaty to which
the appropriation read a few moments ago
refers should provide for suits for little boys,
for gilling thread, for cotton maitre, and other
articles of that kind. All I can say to the
gentleman (and he anticipates my answer so
far as this is concerned) is that the mountain
Crows relinquished a very large extent of
country which we now enjoy, and in consiflet-
ation of that we promised to give them for a
limited number of years these very things ;for
which the bill provides. Among other things
the treaty provided t.bat we should make an
annual appropriation of $3,000 for teachers,
books, and stationery, for 1 think t<jn years;
it may be thirty years; the gentleman can
settle that question by a reference to the bill,
which I have not at this moment before me.
Now, I believe the gentleman is correct in his
statement that there were but nine Indian
children last year attending this school ; and
tbe making of these appropriations for the
keeping up of that school Beems absurd. But
the school is a nucleus, and they stipulated for
iti in their treaty. 86 far as I have been able
te examine the reports made during the pres-
ent year, I have not found another so slightly
attended. I dd not know the solution of this
matter he starts, however, unless Congress
will in its wisdom step in and say with regard
