116
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 10.
to this particular treaty which binds our na-
tional faith that it will adopt some other method
than this for its fulfillment.
As a member of the Committee on Appro-
priations, I do not feel authorized to recom-
mend any such measure; and I do not know
that we ought to strike particularly at this item
when there are evils of a somewhat kindred
character affecting nearly all these treaties.
We ought to have some comprehensive system
to get rid of all these treaties; and until we
adopt such a system we ought to keep on
observing the faith of the Government.
As to the Crows to which the gentleman's
attention has been directed, it is to be said in
their favor that they are the steady and un-
wavering frieuds of the Government; they are
the natural enemies of the Sioux. The moun-
tain Crows are a kind of rampart between the
hostile Sioux and our settlers. They are aux-
iliaries of the Government; they have been
friendly to us right along for years past.
They are located between the Yellowstone
and the north line of Wyoming; and, as I
have said, they are the inveterate enemies of
the Sioux. But they are warlike; they are
hunters, not agriculturists; they have been
pretty far beyond the reach of the civilising
arm of the Government. They have been oat
on the prairies and in the hills. Their reser-
vations have not been greatly diminished ex-
cept in one instance where a large tract was
taken by the United States for the establish-
ment of a Territory, which was the considera-
tion of these treaties. Now, if the gentleman
can propose some other disposition of this
fund consistent with the public"faith and with
our solemn treaty ratified by the Senate, and
also by this House in its appropriations from
year to year, I shall be very glad to support
any such measure; but I think it will be a
violation of our faith for us to withhold the
appropriation which the Indians stipulated
with us should be expended in this way.
[Here the hammer fell.]
No amendment being offered, the Clerk read
the following paragraph:
For pay of oarpentcr, miller, engineer, farmer,
and blacksmith, as per fifteenth article of the same
treaty, $5,200.
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. In order to make
a suggestion upon this subject, I move pro
forma to strike out the paragraph just rrod.
It is perfectly obvious that none of these
various things for which we are making appro-
priatiotisare necessary. These appropriations
stand upon the same footing as that of $3,000
for the salary of a teacher who has only nine
scholars—those scholars needing, as a gentle-
man more familiar with the question has
suggested, a lariat to catch them. Now, if
we are bound under treaties to expend this
amount of money for the benefit of these
Indians, why cannot the House where the
appropriations appear to be useless provide
for an investment of the same amount in
some manner which will really benefit the
Indians?
Why should we not at least give the Indian
department, or the Commissioner of Indian
Affairs, or somebody else, some discretion,
so that this money may be applied in a man-
ner nsefal to these people ? Why should we
employ a school teacher at $3,000 a year to
do nothing? Why should we employ carpen-
ters, millers, engineers, farmers, and black-
smiths at salaries of $1,000 or $1,200 a year
to do nothing? Why not spend this iboney hi
«uch a way as to be really beneficial to these
Crowa, if they are the parties entitled to it
wilder the treaty ? In view of the altered con-
dition of things now existing, why should we
adhere to old treaties merely because they
are old treaties, when this House has determ-
ined over and over again that so far as those
Indian treaties are concerned it will withhold
appropriations when in its judgment they are
not proper for the purposes intended ?
If the character of these tribes has become
such that this moo ey eaonot any loagar be mod#
useful in the way in which it was oflOe* then I
say the House; as having a guardianship over
the Indian tribes, should see the money is
applied for their benefit. We should take the
responsibility of backing up the recommenda-
tions of the Department, so as to give the same
amount of money we are giving now for some
more useful purpose. We ought to call upon
the Senate to make alterations in these treaties
which are no longer in this regard of any good
to the Indians. They ought to be altered so
as to let this money go for purposes really
useful, instead of paying it out to men who do
not benefit the Indians, men who take that
much money out of the Treasury belonging to
these Indians. They do not care about getting
the money in that particular shape. All they
want is that much money in the most available
way. This is not the most available way. It
is taking so much of what we agreed to pay to
them and paying it out to men who do no
good, but who in many instances do them
positive harm. That is the idea I meant to
convey. But the House can act in the matter
as it deems best.
Mr. SARGENT. Mr, Chairman, I will not
repeat what I said before. I so strongly agree
with the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr.
Beck] that some comprehensive plan is neces-
sary, that in the last annual Indian appropria-
tion bill I had this provision inserted :
"Seo. 2. That the Secretary of the Interior if
hereby authorized and required to prepare and
submit to Congress « plan for eqaitably extingaira-
iag, as far as possible, the separate claims «pm> tke
Government of the United States for annuities and
allowances of diminished Indian tribes, and also for
providing on a uniform basis for all Indians who
are collected at the same agency."
Now, in reference to the Interior Depart-
ment, all I can say abont that is the Depart-
ment is not ready to report. It is really a
difficult matter. I trust we will have no crude
report on the subject, but that it will be veil
considered.
But, Bir, there i* not here the criticism of
tbe items which the gentleman now refers to.
Among the mountain Crows the farmer, the
carpenter, tbe miller, and such of these men
as are provided for are actively and usefnlly
employed at the reservation. The Crows have
a reservation of over two million acres in tbe
southern part of the territory. These em-
ployes plant and raise crops. They raise corn
and vegetables. If they were not raised on
the ground for the subsistence of the Indians
there would be a necessity of calling on the
Government for subsistence for the Indians in
much larger amounts than this amount appro-
priated for their salary.
So in regard to the carpenter, if the lum-
ber used in building the Indian agency, and
used by tbe Indians in building their huts and
cabins, were not got out by these employes,
we would have no agency provided for these
Indians where they might go for Annuities Mud
supplies. The Government should have a
focal point around which it may collect those
who are roaming near, so exercising gone in-
fluence over them, and gradually bringing
them to habits of civilization. It must have
these employes to effect that result, and for
that reason I think appropriations of this
character are beneficial.
In regard to the Crows, there *re over one
thousand of them gathered around this agency,
and they do receive this benefit. These crops
are raised and applied to their subsistence.
They are used to eke out whatever subsistence
is secured by hunting.
The Crowa, though friendly, are a roving
handof Indians; ana the gentleman from Ken-
tucky has perhape taken me at a disadvantage,
as these Crows are not so well civilised as a
great many others whom I should be 'glad to
discuss. ^ Bat I think they will be advanced
toward civilisation by the use of means like
these. It would be a misfortune to them to
have this appropriation struck out of this bill.
T&f. BECK, of Kentucky. I withdraw my
Qtotiooi 9s I suppose the House does not wish
to strike (Hit) the appropriation.
The Clerk re*d as follows:
Delaware*:
For lifoanpajty to chief, per privates.
plemontal treaty of September 24, 1829, to treaty of
I move to strike out that
article to sup-
    __ eDtemDer zi. ih/1 '
October 3,1818, WOO.
Mr. 8ARGENT.
item.
The motion was agreed to.
The Clerk read «a follows:
Kickapoos:
For twentieth Installment of interest on 8100,000,
at five per oent. per annara, for educational and
other beneficial purposes, per treaty of May 18,1854,
$5,000.
For twentieth and last installm ont on $200,000, to
be paid is 1874, per second article treaty of May 18,
1854, $5,000.
Mr. SARGENT. I offer the following
amendment, to come in after what has just
been read:
VbT this amount, to «n«ble the President of the
United States to carry out the provisions of the third
artlole of the treaty made with the Kickapoo In-
dians, dated June 28, 1862, to be paid ander such
rales as the Seoretar* of thfl Interior may presoribe,
to twelve Kickapoo Indians who have become citi-
zens of the United States, the same being their
proportion ef tbe nm of $190,000 provided for said
trifce for education and for other beneficial purposes
per treaty of May 18,1854, $4,054 55.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk resumed the reading of the
bill, and read as far as line eight hundred and
forty-eight, tke last paragraph read containing
appropriations for the Navajo Indians.
Mr. KERR. I think we have reached a
good point for the committee to rise ; and, as
it is now four o'clock, I move that the com-
mittee rise.
Mr. SARGENT. I should lilce if we could
go on for a quarter of an hour longer. There
are three or four special orders crowding very
hard for precedence in the House, and we are
now getting on with this bill in such a way that
we can get over a good deal of ground in a
short time. If the gentleman will withdraw
his motion I will at the end of fifteen minutes
myself move that the committee rise.
Mr. KERR. I insist on my motion.
The question being taken on the motion
that the committee rise, there were-—ayes 48,
noes 50.
Mr. KERR. I believe, Mr. Chairman, that
* quorum baa not voted.
Tifae CtHAiiftMAN. A quorum has not voted,
and tke Obair under tke rule will order tellers.
The Chair appoints as tollers tke gentleman
from Indiana, Mr. Ksut, and the gentleman
from California, Mr. Sabgknt.
Mr. SARGENT. I doubt if a quorum is
present, -and do not wish to be factious in
insisting on a count. I should be sorry to
think gentlemen on the other side have a dis-
position to be so; but I do not eay they have.
Mr. KERR. I beg the gentleman's pardon,
I am not factious.
Mr. SARGENT. As the demand for a divis-
ion on any paragraph would disclose the want
of a quorum, I am willing that the committee
shonld rise. I move that the committee rise.
The "CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman
frem ladiana {Mr. Kerr] withdraw his mo-
tion?
Mr. KERR. I do not.
Mr. SA/R&ENT. I consent that the com-
mittee rise.
The aotion that the committee rise was
agreed to.
So the committee rose; and, the Speaker
having renamed the chair, Mr. Dawes reported
that ithe Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union -had had under consideration the
state «f the 'Union generally, and particularly
the bill (H. R. No. 2980) making appropri-
ations for the current and contingent expenses
of the Indian department, and for fulfilling
treaty stipulations with various Indian tribes
for tite year ending Jnne 80, 1874, and for
other pnrpotes, and had come to no resolution
thereon.
