1080
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 4,
claims upon which the report of the Solicitor
of the lreasury was based adverse to those
claims, and acting on that report, by which
Congress in this bill inserted the third section
prohibiting any payment on account of those
claims, as the conferees were satisfied by
examination that this information was not
derived from any source outside whatever, but
was made up from records of the Department—
from matters of record which ought to be and
undoubtedly were within the knowledge of
the-Department, and which required only in-
dustry on the part of the officers of the Gov-
ernment to fully develop them. I myself will
say here I believe the conclusions reached by
the Solicitor of the Treasury in his report are
correct. That question, however, is not in-
volved in this report. The only question is
whether compensation shall be made oat of
the Treasury under any agreement of that
kind while the agreement could not be such as
to meet with the approbation of the Secretary
bf the Treasury or of the Congress of the Dni-
ted States in view of the source of informa-
tion. Unless some gentleman wishes to ask
Some further question in connection with this
conference report, I will demand the previous
question.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I would like to
dsk the gentleman from California whether
this conference report increases or decreases
the amount of appropriation ?
' Mr. SARGENT. It does not.
. Mr, BECK, of Kentucky. Mr. Speaker, I
will detain the House but for a moment. I
desire to ask the gentleman from California
this question: in the first conference all of the
*siipfermtendencie8 were abolished, were thev
hot? '
Mr. SARGENT. This is the only confer-
ence report which has been made. The Senate
jpassed a provision appdiriting five inspectors.
The Cdrnmittee on Appropriations recom-
mended concurrence in' that amendment, and
hdviied the abolition Of all the sujierintenden
cies. The House amended the Senate amend-
ment in that respect and it then went to the
bonference committee In this conference
report the conferees agree to abolish four of
the superintendents and their clerks, and also
authorizes (he President to assign the remain-
ing four to such agencies as he may deem
proper, or to entirely abolish them if in his
•judgment the service will permit it.
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. I wish to ask this
further question : whether or not there are not
now more officers, in the shape either of
inspectors or superintendents, than were pro-
vided m the amendment as it came from the
Senate originally oras amended by the House?
Mr.SARGBNT. There are three less than
when it came to the Senate from us.
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. How many more
than the House granted ?
Mr. SARGIiNT. The House amendment
continues, in the discretion of the President,
four Indian superintendents out of eight which
now exist.
, Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. Instead of abol-
ishing all, four are now allowed ?
Mr. SARGENT. Yes, sir; instead of abol-
ishing all of them, for fear we might cut too
deeply and too radically, we left discretionwith
the President to abolish all if the service
would stistam it. In the conference report,
however, we only abolish four.
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. I did not catch
dismctly what was the provision relative to
the suspension of the issue of the bonds to the
posed ' *hy that provision is Pro"
Mr. SARGENT. I will explain that to the
gentleman from Kentucky. By section three
ot the bill inserted m the Senate it was oro-
yided that S250,000 worth of bonds, author-
ized to be issued some years since to the
Choctaws, should not be issued without far-
ther legislation by Congress authorizing such
issue. The House without a division assented
to that; and therefore it passed beyond the
power of either House to amend or affect
that provision, or of the committee of con-
ference to do it. The attention of the con-
ferees, however, was drawn to the fact that
there was either an agreement or an under-
standing by which under a general law the
Secretary of the Treasury was to pay to certain
parties, who were to furnish information
which would enable the Government to defeat
an unjust claim, the amount of twenty five
or thirty thousand dollars. The memorandum
of agreement was shown to us, but was not
signed. These parties under that, the Choc-
taws not being named, went forward andcalled
attention to certain facts in regard to the
Choctaws, which were upon the records of
the Department. We did not beiieve that
matters of record testimony in possession of
the Department, with nothing dehors the rec-
ord to be pointed out to show the injustice of
the claim, would probably come under the
general law. Therefore we say that no money
shall be paid on account of such services unless
authorized by Congress hereafter.
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. The object I
had in asking the question was because a
memorandum was shown me by a prominent
member of the House indicating that $30,000
had been offered by some one. I wished to
know whether the matter had been considered
by the committee.
Mr. SARGENT. The whole matter was
canvassed by the committee and this is our
conclusion.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. While I
assume that the committee have reported upon
all the various details of the bill correctly, I
desire to say that here is a provision in it
which has not approved itself to my judgment,
and I wish to state some of the objections
which occur to me at the moment to the House.
There is a provision for the appointment of
five inspectors, who shall have a roving com-
mission to travel over this country from one
end of it to the other. For one may be ap-
pointed in Maine, and twice every year visit
in Oregon an Indian agency ; he may make it
his duty to visit it twice every year, charging
ten cents per mile for his travel both ways-
and he may go pretty much anywhere else'.
Now, I am opposed to putting this Government
into commission. I do not want all these com-
missions. I have steadily opposed and voted
against all classes of commissions, for the rea-
son, as I showed the House in the case of the
Texas commission, that they are of very little
use. Here we have five new officers to be
appointed at $3,000 a year, and more than
$10,000 traveling fees if they choose to make
them. We have appointed a consular com-
mission, and the consequence is that we have
three, four, or five gentlemen traveling all
over the world and charging five cents for every
mile they go over and their other expenses,
and there have been thousands and thousands
of miles traveled. It is a very dangerous
power to put into the hands of any man ; dan-
gerous from its corruption and dangerous from
its temptations. I do not think that passing a
bill providing for this new class of officers on
a conference report is healthy legislation. The
Senate discussed it for days. We have not
under our rules a chance of discussing it for
more than one hour. The proposition metvery
considerable opposition in the Senate, and I
think would meet opposition here if it were
discussed.
I am aware that a great number of gentle-
men in the Senate and in the House are going
out of Congress at the close of this session;
and here are places made for five of them.
But I am quite sure that the patriotism of
every gentleman here who is going out, if he
agiee with the sentiment I have expressed,
will lead him to vote against it, though he
may be conscious that he would otherwise be
buying one ticket in a lottery with one hun-
dred and twenty-six chances to draw. I
believe, however, that this mode of legislation
is one which does not commend itself to the
people, and ought not to commend itself to
the House.
Mr. SARGENT. To what does the gentle-
man particularly object ?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. To the
mode of bringing about important changes of
law by a conference report.
Mr. SARGENT. The House discussed this
provision at great length, and approved of it,
differing solely in details from the Senate. And
the conferees merely arranged details. The
principle of it was agreed to, after discussion
in both Houses.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. The
detail is this: they assigned certain duties to
certain superintendents.
Mr. SARGENT. No, sir; nothing of the
kind.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. And then
when that was done those superintendents are
to be abolished and five inspectors are to be
appointed in their places.
Mr. SARGENT. Both the Senate and the
House agreed on the inspectors, and the only
difference between them was as to whether
the superintendents should be abolished. The
House prevailed in the committee of confer-
ence so far as to have half of the superin-
tendents dispensed with; but the two Houses
agreed on the inspectors and the committee
of conference had no power over that matter.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Whbever
may have agreed to this, my own judgment is
controlling with me on this subject, if I stand
alone, that this multiplication of commissions
in every possible form is not good legislation
and that some check should be put to it. I
do not expect to be able to defeat the report
of the committee of conference by any re-
marks that I may make; I have no such hope;
but I do mean to enter my protest once for
all against this method of carrying on this
Government by roving commissions. It is a
system that was unknown to the Constitution,
it was unknown to our fathers, and that has
grown up with other abuses which I hope we
shall lop off.
Mr. SARGENT. The fact is notorious iu
the country that for years past, going back as
far as the gentleman's recollection, more than
a suspicion has existed of fraud in the Indian
service. At this very session a serious consid-
eration of myself and other has been called to
the question whether a large appropriation
made on the recommendation of a local super-
intendent for the benefit of the Teton Sioux
was no.t a fraud-, I tell you there is less dan-
ger of fraud after men like these have inspected
such matters. The Indian service is not in
the center of civilization. It is away off in
the mountains at arms-length from the central
power. The Indian commissioners, gentle-
men_ of business capacity who have been
serving without pay, after several years' ex-
perience, recommend that this system of
inspection by men paid for their services be
authorized in order to ferret out such frauds
and if possible lop them off and bring about
a pure administration in Indian affairs.
Now, the gentleman says that this is uncon-
stitutional. On the contraay, I tell the gentle-
man that yonr revenue laws, both the internal
revenue and the customs, are enforced by -just
such inspectors. The gentleman shakes his
head. I say it is so, by statute, and there is
a necessity for just such inspection in this
Department of the Government. If there were
no allegations of fraud and no reason for sus-
picion, there might be a reason why this nro-
vision should not be adopted. But it is recom-
mended b^ the Department and was called for
by complaints made of frauds existing on ac-
count of their being no sufficient means of
ferreting out such frauds.
Mr B UTLE R, of Massachusetts. Do these
sion? places of the Indian commis-
