1873.
the congressional globe.
2041
gress so far as republican institutions are con-
cerned, with the exception of our great war;
and yet we are told a question of such great
magnitude and importance must not be con-
sidered, bat questions of minor importance
must. I do not understand that kind of rea-
soning. What is the question ? The question
which has presented itself to the Senate for
several days is, whether it is the duty of Con-
gress to intervene and prevent bloodshed in
Louisiana, or whether it is our duty to decline
to interpose for fear we cannot accomplish the
object on account of time. Here we have pre-
sented to us the spectacle in this State of two
governments or pretended governments. Here
we have a notice given to us that the people
there are almost in a State of revolution. Here
we have a proposition before the Senate to
allow the people themselves to determine
who shall be the Governor and the officers of
that State. We have the question presented
to us whether we shall, at least until the next
Congress convenes, sustain a government es-
tablished there by force, and be responsible
for it, or whether we shall for at least a few
hours attempt to perform, our duty.
Mr. President, if we adjourn and refuse to
consider this question merely on account of
the obstinacy of gentlemen to allow those
who appear to be in the majority to per-
form their duty as they understand it, if they
will interpose obstacles in the way of perform-
that duty, I put it to them whether they will
not feel a share at least of the great responsi-
bility which will rest upon them if some great
injury shall come or some great calamity befall
that people.
I do not wish to say that it is a trick of legis-
lation : I will not use that term; but whenever
members or Senators are disposed to defeat
any proposition we are told they will resort to
all legitimate means to accomplish that pur-
pose. It is legitimate, I admit, for Senators
to resort to the means they are resorting to to
defeat this proposition. What means? By using
the argument that we have no time, by using
the argument that we shall have an extra ses-
sion, by using the argument that it is not our
duty to undertake a thing we cannot accom-
plish, sir, that is not the question for us to con-
sider. The question is, what is the duty of
the Senate. What duty devolves upon us now ?
To take up important questions, or let them
pass by ?
While I am upon the floor I desire to say,
in justification of the motion made and in
justification of the taking up this proposition
to consider the bill now before the Senate,
that there has been a pretended government
set up in the State of Louisiana by force and
by fraud, no man can for one moment deny.
That to-day the government there exists in
fraud, and in nothing else, no man who knows
the iacts will deny. That a pretense, an
attempt was n^de to establish a different gov-
ernment in the same way is true. That the
election was a fraud, that the whole thing was
corrupt, that there was a combined effort on
the part of certain men to perpetrate frauds
and deprive the people of their rights and
their privileges as citizens, no one can deny.
That there was an organized fraud for the pur-
pose of electing McEnery the evidence is
plain and clear. That returns were forged for
the purpose of accomplishing that result no
man will deny. Then so far as that pretended
government is concerned it is steeped in in-
famy and fraud, and should not be permitted
for one moment to exist.
Then take it on the other side : the govern-
ment or pretended government now set up is
one that has no existence in fact, except
founded upon fraud, without returns, without
votes, without anything except a mere desire
on the part of a combination to establish a
government. They have done so by calling
to their aid force and power, and by that forcc
and power they have established a government
there and reign over the people contrary to
their rights and their wishes, in face of the
law and in violation of the constitution.
These are the facts in reference to these
two pretended governments standing there
facing one another to day in a threatening at-
titude, each one demanding that it shall be
recognized, and each so-called Governor
threatening that he will by force place himself
in power and administer to the people of that
State; and in this threatening attitude, as they
appear before the Congress of the United
States of America to-day, we are told that our
time is too short and hence we must not per-
form our duty, but take up some other bills,
and we may vote upon them; but let this
Congress adjourn, and then do what? Then
put the responsibility upon the President of
the United States. For what purpose? For
the purpose of letting the world understand
that if a wrong is perpetrated you do not do it
but it is the President. Mr. President, it is
cowardly on the part of Congress, it is cowardly
on our part to shift this responsibility.
When the President sends to us and asks
for instructions as to what he shall do, and
asks us to determine what the rights of parties
are in the State of Louisiana, we say "we
will not do it for fear we have not time, but
you, sir, must take the responsibility and we
will get rid of it." That is not the part of
members of Congress; that is not the part of
legislators of a great people. They should
have the manhood to stand up and perform
their duty, and not shirk it that the responsi-
bilities may fall upon somebody else. There
is but one plain duty for the President if we
fail to perform ours, and we all know what it
is; and it seems to me there are Senators here
desirous of having the President take that
step, although that step incurs great responsi-
bility. I am not one of those. I am willing
to take my share of the responsibility. I am
willing to perform my duty in reference to this
matter if it requires the last moment before
the fall of the hammer at the time the Con-
stitution prescribes for the adjournment of
this Congress, and then if time fails us, we
have tried to perforin our duty, and if time
fails us not, we can perform our duty.
The PRESIDING OFFiCER. The ques-
tion is on the motion to take up the motion to
reconsider.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move to lay the mo-
tion on the table.
Mr. CARPENTER. I ask for the yeas and
nays on that motion.
Mr. MORTON. I ask the Senator from
Michigan to withdraw that motion for a few
moments.
Mr. CHANDLER. If you will renew it.
Mr. MORTON. Yes, sir.
Mr. CHANDLER. I withdraw it.
Mr. CARPENTER. I should like simply
to say one word to the friends of this bill. I
believe if we will stay steadily by and vote we
can carry the proposition through; we can re-
consider this vote and passthis bill; and if on
the other side it is attempted to spend the
time in debate, we are not answeiablefor that
fact. Now the matter is fully understood. It
has been well explained this evening on both
sides, and I hope the friends of the bill will
now vote on the question and let the debate
come from the other side.
Mr. MORTON. In the vote that was taken
a few minutes ago there was one fact which
was very observable, and that was that a por-
tion of those who voted against this bill yes-
terday morning upon the strongest declaration
of sentiment and of doctrine have now voted
to proceed to its consideration. I am not sur-
prised at this. I was advised this afternoon
that such a change was in contemplation; that
certain arrangements were being talked about
by which if this bill could be gotten up it
should be made acceptable to our Democratic
friends in this House and the other, by which
it could be passed. Therefore I was not sur-
prised at the vote a few minutes ago, and to
find that a number of Senators had changed
their votes and their course directly. I have
heard certain other things that perhaps may
turn out in the course of the evening to be
true, but I will not speak of them further at
this time.
The Senator from Illinois says we should
not be terrified. I think that is good advice.
I hope the Senate will not be terrified by
the threats which have been made in New
Orleans the last three or four days, of civil
war and bloodshed; made for the direct pur-
pose of operating upon Congress, of which
the evidence is not wanting; made by a des-
perate faction who would, if they dared, pre-
cipitate Louisiana into civil war for the sake
of getting power; made by a desperate fac-
tion, a part of which but a few y6ars ago shed
the blood of hundreds and thousands of the
people of Louisiana for their political opin-
ions, now collected and allianced with another
faction.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I dislike to interfere
with the Senator from Indiana, but I rise to a
question of order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator will state his point of order.
Mr. TRUMBULL. My point of order is
that on a motion to take up this question de-
bate on the merits cannot be in order. The
rule is that debate must be confined to the
question of taking up.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
did not understand the Senator from Indiana
• as discussing the merits of the bill, but allud-
ing to facts or statements connected with it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The point I made is
not whether it is the merits of the bill or not.
It is only so much the worse if he is discussing
something else, not the merits of the bill. Any
discussion except that which is confined to the
taking up of the bill, I make the point, is out
of order, and it is so much the worse if it is
not on the merits, but a discussion of some-
thing else.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
will avoid discussing the merits of the question.
The Chair will not call him to order.
Mr. MORTON. I do not desire to violate
the rules of order. If the Senator from Illi-
nois had made his point of order when his
colleague was speaking a few minutes ago, I
think the propriety of it would have been quite
as manifest as it Was just now.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think the debate has
been out of order, and I thought of interfering
before.
Mr. MORTON. Yes, sir, but it did not
occur to the Senator to make the point of
order.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will say to the Sena-
tor that it occurred to me before, and I did
not wish to make the point upon him; but I
thought the debate was running on so far that
the point ought to be made. I owe an apology
perhaps for making it at this time to the Sen-
ator ; but I thought he was clearly out of order,
and knowing that if this discussion were to be
continued we never would get a vote, I felt
constrained to make it.
Mr. MORTON. It may perhaps be in order
to say that in all probability this bill coald not
pass the Senate (if it should pass at all, which
I do not believe,) in time afterward to pass the
appropriation bills. If Senators desire an
extra session, and if they think the subject is
of sufficient importance to drive the appropri-
ation bills over, they can accomplish that pur-
pose in no better way than by taking up this
bill.
The condition of affairs in Louisiana, per-
haps I may be allowed to observe, is grossly
exaggerated. What troubles there are there
now have emanated from this Chamber. The
evidence is not wanting upon that subject. If
we will just let things alone down there all
will be well, and that government will go on
smoothly enough. It is the agitation of the
question here and the hope of having some-
