1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1081
Mr. SARGENT. Not at all. They also
have no power to buy or sell, no power_ to
make contracts; they are not allowed to visit
the same agency twice; they pass from agency
to agency, so that they are under no local in-
fluence. They cannot make corrupt bargains
with any agent, because for two or three years
after they must have nothing to do with the
same agency.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. It pro-
vides that "each superintendency and agency
shall be visited and examined as often as
twice a year by one or more of the inspect-
ors."
Mr. SARGENT. Yes ; but read on.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. "Such
examination shall extend to a full investiga-
tion of all matters pertaining to the business
of the superintendency or agency, including
an examination of accounts, the manner of
expending money, the number of Indians pro-
vided for, contracts of all kinds connected
"with the business, the condition of the In-
dians, their advancement in civilization, the
extent of the reservations and what use is
made of the lands set apart for that purpose,
and, generally, all matters pertaining to the
Indian service."
Mr. SARGENT. And it also provides that,
"so far as practicable, the examination of
the agencies and superintendencies shall be
made alternately by different inspectors, so
that the same agency or superintendency may
not be examined twice in succession by the
same inspector or inspectors."
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. All I
wish to say is to remind gentlemen that John
Randolph many years ago declared in this
House that it would corrupt the angel Gabriel
to be an Indian agent. And I do not believe
calling him an inspector would change him
at all.
Mr. SARGENT. I do not believe that
some men need to be Indian agents to be
corrupt.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Nobody-
knows that better than the gentleman himself.
Mr. SARGENT. I know it, and assert it.
Otherwise my powers of observation would be
slight.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I understand the
object of these provisions concerning inspect-
ors is to ferret out frauds which it is alleged
have been committed by Indian agents, yet
the committee propose to appoint more Indian
agents for this purpose.
Mr. SARGENT. No, we do not.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. You call them in-
spectors ; that is all the difference. The Pres-
ident appoints Indian agents, and you say they
go out there and commit frauds; they go out
and remain where the frauds are committed.
Now it is proposed that the President shall
appoint more agents, but you call them in-
spectors, and give them more pay, and pro-
vide that they shall go only twice a year to
look after these other gentlemen who are
there all the time. Now, how long will it be
before Congress will be called upon to appoint
perhaps a bureau, or some board or set of
commissioners to go and look after the in-
spectors?
Now, my experience is that these bureaus
and boards manufactured by Congress are the
most expensive and useless pieces of lumber
that we can have. Now your inspectors will
simply be made up of ex-Indian agents and
other political office-seekers who are of the
same character as the agents. You must
choose some other method than directing the
President to appoint more agents to look after
these fraudulent agents. Before you can cor-
rect the evil you must withhold the supplies;
that is all. . ...
Mr. SARGENT. 1 wish simply to call the
attention of the gentleman from Illiuois [Mr.
FaBNSWORTii] to the fact that he makes a mis-
take m stating that this is a proposition to
appoint more Indian agents; it is nothing of
the kind. The duty of an Indian agent is spe-
cific ; he has local charge of a reservation and
is himself brought in contact with the Indians.
He distributes the supplies, in some cases buys
them. He is to a certain extent a disbursing
agent. None of those powers devolve upon
the inspectors; their dutiesare different. They
go out and see if these Indian agents have per-
formed their duties. Iam not willing, at least
as a member of the Republican party, to sup-
pose that the President is going to appoint any
broken-down politicians or corrupt men to
these offices; and I will not vote against this
report upon any such presumption. I will not
give any such vote of wantof confidence in the
President who is required to appoint these
officers. The gentleman may do so, but I will
not.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The Secretary of
the Interior has as much to do with it as the
^r6Sid6Qt
Mr. SARGENT. Very well; I will not vote
a want of confidence in him either, in this way.
Mr. SHANKS. There have been inspect-
ors in the Treasury Department. It has been
found a matter of interest in the Army to
have inspectors. And I believe that up to
this time there has been no good reason offered
to do away with the inspectors in the Army or
in the Treasury. Now, these inspectors go to
the agencies and examine their books, look
into the condition and management of Indian
affairs, and in relation to the treatment of the
Indians. But there is no addition to the num-
ber of officers, as has been supposed and
stated. We provide for withdrawing four of
the eight superintendents; and we provide for
not more than five inspectors.
Mr. SARGENT. We withdraw four clerks
alsb.
Mr. SHANKS. Yes, we withdraw four
clerks of these superintendents. Consequently
we dispense with eight officers and provide
for only five, as these inspectors do not need
clerks. I think the condition of affairs in
connection with Indian matters demands
that there should be some change; and as
this measure has commended itself to the
judgment of the Army and of the Treasury
Department, it seems to me it is entitled to
the favorable consideration of this House.
Mr. CLAGETT. I desire to call the atten-
tion of the Honse to a practical matter con-
nected with this question. It is customary
here to cast all the odium of the improper
administration of Indian affairs upon the De-
partment of the Interior. This custom is an
injustice to that Department, because the law
does not place under the control of that De-
partment a single dollar for expenditure or a
single inspecting officer to ferret out frauds
that may be committed. How can frauds be
prevented unless we provide means for their
detection and punishment?
Let me illustrate this matter. An Indian
agent in the Rocky mountains, or in Oregon,
or anywhere else, pretends to buy ten head of
cattle, but in fact tuys only one. He sends to
the Indian Office here at Washington his
voucher for the purchase of ten head of cattle.
He is the only officer having cognizance of the
matter. It may be known to the people in his
locality that but one head of cattle is pur-
chased ; but they cannot know what vouchers
he sends to Washington ; and consequently
they cannot tell whether one head of cattle or
ten head of cattle are paid for by the Govern-
ment of the United States. On the other
hand, the Indian department here can only
know that the papers filed in the office show
that ten head of cattle were bought ; the de-
partment here cannot know anything about
the facts occurring perhaps three thousand
miles away. , .
In order to work any improvement m this
respect in the administration of Indian affairs,
you must bring together these two sources of
information—one existing here in Washington
city and the other in the localities where the
frauds are committed. How can you do this
under the present system, which provides but
a single officer to act on these matters in the
different localities? Something in the way
of supervision has been performed recently
by the peace commissioners; but it has been
performed very imperfectly, for the reason
that the commissioners have not acted under
the order or authority of the Secretary of the
Interior. The appointment of these inspect-
ors simply supplements, it does not dispense
with, the labor of the peace commissioners.
If, as has been stated, and I believe with
truth, these commissioners have been instru-
mental to a large extent in preventing frauds,
then that consideration not only justifies but
imperatively demands that the House should
concur in the report of the conference com-
mittee with reference to the appointment of
these inspectors.
Mr. SARGENT. I wish to state that the
conference report in this respect docs not
change the previous action of the House.
Hence the discussion upon this matter would
have been more appropriate when the question
originally came up. Both the Senate and the
House have passed upon this matter; and
the only question is whether we shall abolish
half the superintendencies or leave them all
in existence.
I call the previous question.
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. Before the pre-
vious question is called, I desire to put an in-
quiry to the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr.
Shanks,] a member of this committee of con-
ference. I wish him to state the reason for
inserting in the conference report this pro-
vision :
Provided, That there shall not be paid or allowed,
to any person whatever, any fees _ or reward for
services in connection wifcli the subject-matter re-
ferred to in the third section of this act, either.on
account of the United States or of the Choetaws.
until further action of Congress in the matter, ana
providing for such allowance and payment.
I would like to know what contracts were
made for payments in connection with this mat-
ter, the amount agreed to be paid, to whom it
was to be paid, and why this provision was
inserted.
Mr. SHANKS. Mr. Speaker, in answer to
the gentleman from Kentucky, I will state
that there is. a claim known as the Choctaw
net proceeds claim, which I presume this
House has heard of before. Recently there
came from the Treasury Department to the
House a protest against the delivery of bonds
of the United States to the amount of $250,000
appropriated by the law of 1881, and reappro-
priated by the law of 1871, as part payment
upon this net proceeds claim. In connection
with that matter I was informed, and the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs was informed, there
had been attorneys appointed to prosecute
against that claim, that informers had been
employed by the Secretary of the Treasury.
The committee took the testimony on that
subject of the parties who professed to inform
the Secretary of the Treasury, a.nd that testi-
mony shows that the information itself had
been drawn from the records of the Depart-
ments, and of the Library and other Government
sources. In connection with that the same
men swore before the committee they had a
contract with the Secretary of the Treasury by
which they were to receive ten per cent, of the
amount of money they prevented the pay™®"'
of, not exceeding in the aggregate $30,000.
Inasmuch as they had only furnished the Sec-
: retary of the Treasury the records of the Gov-
| ernment, "which ought to be known to _ the
, officers of the Government who examined
them, I thought it was not proper any fee
should be paid for anything of that kind. It
j; the claim was not a good one these men should
|! not be paid for simply calling the attention of
i! the Secretary of the Treasury to the pubhc
