1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
117
printing of bills.
Mr. KILLINGER. I ask the House to
order the reprinting of Hou6e bill No. 503,
to promote a chea^p and uniform system of
railroad transportation. All the eopiM hitherto
printed have been exhausted.
There was no objection, and the order was
made.
Mr. L. MYERS. I have the same request
to make with reference to House bill No.
2857, to amend an act entitled '* An act to
revise, consolidate, and amend the statutes
relating to patents and copyrights."
There was no objection, and it. was ordered
that the bill be reprinted.
army hospitals.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a letter from the Secre-
tary of War in relation to an appropriation
lor the permanent repair of the post hos-
pitals of the Army ; which was referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs, and ordered
to be printed.
8a7b KgBPING OF PUBLIC monky8.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous eon-
sent, laid before the Honse a- letter from the
Secretary of the Treasury transmitting a draft
of a bill to regulate and secure the safe keep-
ing of poblic money8 intrusted to disbursing
officers of the United States ; which was re-
ferred to the Committee of Ways and cleans,
and ordered to be printed.
WIST POINT ACADEMY.
The SPEAKER. Thecommitteeappointed
on the part of the House to attend the annual
examination at West Point have made a report,
which will be printed, and referred to the Com- j
mittee on Military Affairs.
Mr. STORM. I move that the Honse do now
adjourn.
The motion was agread to ; and accordingly
(at four o'clock and five minutes p. m.) the
House adjourned.
PBTITION8, «to.
The following petitions, Ac., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. BUTLER, of Tennessee : The peti-
tion of Elizabeth Fulks, widow of Elkanah
Fulks, praying a pension.
Also, the petition of P. H. Calyin, guardian
of the minor children of Daniel 6. Noble, de-
deceased, late captain fourth Pennsylvania
infantrr volunteers.
By Mr. COTTON: A petition asking that a
pension be granted to Samuel R. Alien, late
private company M, second Iowa cavalry.
By Mr. COX: The preamble and resolu-
tions of the Chamber of Commerce of New
York city, protesting against injuries to the
harbor, ana for appropriations to remove
shoals, obstructions, he.
By Mr. HALE : The petition of the owners
of the brig Olive Frances, for indemnity on
account of loss of said brig in being run down
by the United States gunboat Winooski; and
of the officers of said brig, for personal loss.
By Mr. HOAR : The petition of William R.
Hooper and others, clerks in Auditor's office,
for increase of salary.
By Mr. KETCHAM: The petition of
Wheeler H. Clarke, of Hudson, New York,
asking that a law be passed for the relief of
certain soldiers who served in the fourteenth
regiment New York volunteers during the late
war.
By Mr. MAYNARD: The petition of
Michael Mulholl&nd. of Vicksbtarg, Missis-
sippi, asking to be reimbursed for loftstos sus-
tained during the war of the rebellion.
By Mr. E. H. ROBERTS: The petition
of Milo Pratt, for relief.
Also, the petition of George Young and
others, members of Young's cavalry staff, for
the use of certain military equipments.
Bfr Mt. STARKWEATHER: The petition
of Isador Lewkoilz, of New York, asking com-
pensation fbr property taken by the United
States.
By Mr. SWANN: The memorials of H. I*.
Walter, in behalf of the heir and coheirs of
George Wilson, deceased, and Susan Carlton,
widow and heir, and for the coheirs of Ar-
thur Carlton, deceased, praying indemnity for
spoliations committed by the public and pri-
vate armed vessels of France.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, December 11, 1872
Prayer by Rev. E. D. Owe.v, of Wash-
ington, District of Columbia.
Hon. George E. Spencer, from the State
of Alabama, appeared in his seat to-day.
The Journal of yesterday's proceedings was
read and approved.
house bills referred
The following bills from the House of Repre-
sentatives were severally read twice by their
titles, and referred as indicated below:
The bill (H. R. No. 3122) to authorize the
employment of keepers and crews of surfmen
fbr the life-saving stations on the coasts of
Cape Cod and Block Island, and for other
purposes—to the Committee on Commerce.
The bill (H. R. No. 3125) to remove the
disabilities of Lucius Q. C. Lamar, of Missis-
sippi—to the select Committee on the Removal
of Political Disabilities.
naval monument.
The bill (H. R. No. 3123) to authorise the
Secretary of the Navy to transport in a Gov-
ernment vessel, free of duty, a monument de-
signed by Admiral Porter, to be erected in
the grounds of the Naval Academy at Annap-
olis, in memory of the officers, seamen, and
marines who fell in the defense of the Union,
was read twice by its title.
Mr. ANTHONY. This is a bill the object
of which is sufficiently indicated by its title.
There is an identically similar bill which I was
directed by the Committee on Naval Affairs
to report and recommend the passage of; and
I ask unanimous consent that this House bill
be put on its passage now.
By unanimous consent, the bill was consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third timet * d passed.
holiday rkcbss.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate the following concurrent resolution
from the House of Representatives :
Rtmolvtd, (the 6estate concurring.) That when the
two Houses adjourn on Friday, the 20th instant, they
adjourn to meet again on Monday, the 6th day of
January next, at twelve o'clock noon.
Mr. CAMERON. I move that we proceed
to the immediate cousideration of the reso-
lution.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is now before
the Senate, and the question is on concurring
in it unless its present consideration shall be
objected to.
Mr. COLE. I would rather that should go
over until to-morrow. I do not think we ought
to act upon it hastily.
Several Senators. Oh, no ; let us act now.
MLr. COLE. I object to its present consid-
eration.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from California objects to its present consider-
ation. By the rule resolutions must lie over
one day if objected to. Therefore it lies over
until to-morrow.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. THURMAN presented the petition of
Mrs. 0. E. Williams, Augusta H. Williams,
and Mary H. Williams, of Hartford, Connec-
ticut, granddaughters of Ezekiel Williams,
praying to be indemnified for spoliations com-
mitted by the French prior to the tear 1801 ;
which was ordered to lie on the table
Mr. OSBORN presented the petition of R.
E. Alexander, of Florida, granddaughter and
heir and for the coheirs of David Alexander,
deceased, praying to be indemnified for spolia
tions committed by the French prior to the
year 1801 ; which was ordered to lie on the
table.
Mr. V1CKERS presented the petition of
Elizabeth T. Upshur, of Somerset county,
Maryland, for herself aud others as the heirs
of Isaac Smith, praying to be indemnified for
spoliations committed by the French prior to
the year 1801; which was oi*dered to lie on
the table.
He also presented a petition of James H.
Frazer and twenty-nine others, citizens of
Cecil county, Maryland, praying for an appro-
, priation to clean out and deepen the Elk river,
near the town of Elkton ; which was referred
to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. DAVIS presented the petition of Mary
E. F. Lord, of Oakland, Maryland, grand
daughter and heir of General John Swan,
praying to be indemnified for spoliations com-
mitted by the French prior to the year 1801;
which was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. PRATT presented the petition of Mary
Cunningham, mother of John B. Cunningham,
a deceased private of Kentucky volunteers,
praying to be allowed a pension; which was
referred to the Committee ou Pensions.
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut, presented the
petition of Mary C. Stayner, of Middletown,
Connecticut, heir of Solomon Wheeler, pray-
ing to be indemnified for spoliations committed
by the French prior to the year 1801; which
was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. CHANDLER presented the petition of
F. W. Swift, postmaster at Detroit, Michigan,
praying to be relieved of liability incurred
through a dishonest clerk ; which was referred
' to the Committee on Post Offices and Post
Roads.
Mr. CAMERON presented a petition of
citizens of the town of York, Pennsylvania,
merchants, praying for the removal of taxes
on State and national banking institutions;
which was referred to the Committee on
Finance.
He also presented the petition of Eliza A.
Phipps, of Washington, District of Columbia,
daughter and heir and for the coheirs of James
Phipps, deceased, praying to be indemnified
for spoliations committed by the French prior
to the year 1801 ; which was ordered to lie
on the table.
He also presented the petition of Theresa
M. Downing, of Downingtown, Pennsylvania,
widow of Isaac Downing, and heir and for the
coheirs of Joseph I. Miller, deceased, praying
to be indemnified for spoliations committed by
the French prior to the year 1801 ; which was
ordered to he on the table.
report of a committee
Mr. DAVIS, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the petition of George
Yount, late a second lieutenant company I,
third regiment, Missouri volunteer infantry,
praying for relief, asked to be discharged from
its further consideration, and that the peti-
tioner have leave to withdraw his petition and
papers ; which was agreed to.
bed op beaver lake.
Mr. PRAT f. I ask the Senate to proceed
to the consideration of the resolution I intro-
duced on Monday reappointing the committee
of conference on the Beaver Lake bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion ? The Chair hears none, and the resolu-
tion is before the Senate.
The Chief Clerk read the resolution, as
follows:
Jiesolved, That the conferees on the part of the
Senate on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
on Senate bill No. 616, to release to the State of
