1082
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 4,
records of the country, which ought to be
found by Mr. Banfieid himself, and the testi-
mony shows that the items finally reported by
Mr. Banfieid were really the information from
the public records collected aud given by these
gentlemen, who were to be paid, or who were
promised to be paid, $30,000 out of the
national Treasury.
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. I ask the gen-
tleman from Indiana to tell this House who
those gentlemen are, and by what authority
the Secretary of the Treasury agrees to pay
them.
Mr. SHANKS. My action was based on
this ground: I did not believe these men
ought to be paid for furnishing evidence which
was a part of our public records, and there
fore I propose to remit the payment promised
by the memorandum of the Secretary of the
Treasury. Mr. Paige was the attorney who
was to receive the payment. The contract
reads in this way, that on account of inform-
ation he is to furnish the Government he is to
receive ten per cent, of the amount he prevents
the payment of, but it must not exceed in the
aggregate $30,000. The testimony of Paige
himself is to that effect. A copy of the con-
tract which the committee have is to the same
effect. The testimony of Grayson, who fur-
nished the information, is also to the same
effect. Therefore I say, if the payment which
had been allowed to the Choctaws be prohib-
ited by law, it is proper to prohibit the pay-
ment of these attorneys' fees. This same man
Grayson, the informant, had been attorney for
the Choctaws himself for six years in prose-
cuting the net proceeds claim for them, and
now turns against them and prosecutes claims
against them. Therefore it was I asked the
committee to put in this provision, and I think
it ought to be adopted and enacted into law.
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. I agree fully in
the propriety of the action of the gentleman
from Indiana. I believe his action to be em-
inently proper in stopping this payment, but
what I wish to get at is with whom the Secre-
tary of the Treasury made that contract, and
by what authority it was made. We have a
Department of Justice amply paid for doing all
that sort of work, and I want to know under
what authority this outside contract was made.
Mr. SHANKS. I cannot answer as to the
authority under which the Secretary of the
Treasury made the memorandum.
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. I know he had
none. With whom did this matter originate ?
Mr. SHANKS. As to the person with whom
it was made, it was Nathaniel Paige of this
city, a practicing attorney and claim agent.
The person represented by Paige as the one
from whom he received his information which
was to become valuable was a man by the
name of Grayson. I forget his given name.
Mr. FARNS WORTH. Is this Paige a mem-
ber of the firm of Paige & Dent?
Mr.SHANKS. I believe he was of the firm
of Paige & Dent, but he is not now a mem-
ber of that firm,
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. I think thegentle-
man from'Indiana has done exactly right in pre-
venting this payment; but I say the Secretary
of the Treasury has no sort of authority to give
to Paige & Dent, or to anybody else, $30,000 of
the public money without informing Congress
• WjBn we a Department of Justice
paid to do all that work. His conduct in this
regard was entirely reprehensible, and the gen-
tleman from Indiana deserves great credit for
stopping the payment as he has done.
Mr. SARGENT. I have no doubt, Mr.
Speaker, that the motive of the Secretary of
the Treasury was the very besl in seeking to
stop what he believed to be a fraudulent
claim.
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky, rose.
Mr. SARGENT. I have yielded liberally
to the gentleman, and I hope he will permit me
to finish my sentence. I say the motive of the
Secretary ofthe Treasury cannotbe impeached;
it was to save the Government from paying out
a quarter of a million dollars for what he
believed to be a fraudulent claim.
Now, as to the authority whether there is a
law, like that which was repealed at the last
session, as to spies and informers in the Inter-
nal Revenue Bureau, or not, I have not had
time, since the question was raised, to look up.
But my impression is that there is a statute to
that effect. I merely say so, however, on my
recollection, not distinctly, but very generally.
But I want to say one thing, that the Secre-
tary of the Treasury did a noble thing in ar-
resting what he believed to be a fraud, even
if he took a responsibility in doing what re-
quired afterward to be ratified by Congress.
One other thing I desire to say. Not one
dollar has been paid on that account. And
the document produced before the conferees
was unsigned. It was a memorandum of con-
tract naming no subject-matter and was un-
executed. It did not refer to this subject-
matter or any other. It did not identify it in
any way or shape. And the conferees acted
on the merely verbal information of my friend
from Indiana [Mr. Shaxks] that he received
it from one of these men, who said that it
appertained to this subject. It may have been
an old paper. It looked old, and may have
been under the internal revenue law which
we repealed in May or June last, and possibly
had no reference to this subject whatever.
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. I desire to say
just one word. I am not attacking the motives
of the Secretary of the Treasury; I never have
done so; but I am denying his authority to
make laws or to make contracts of that char-
acter, just as I denied his power to loan the
money ofthe Government for three months to
a syndicate, and as I deny it now. And it is
because the departmental authorities take the
authority to make laws when they think it
right in order to stop fraudulent claims, and
this Choctaw claim may be a fraudulent claim.
If it is, it ought to be stopped. But I deny
that a departmental officer has a right to make
contracts out of law. He ought to have come
to this Congress, laid the facts before us, and
asked us to take it in hand and stopped pay-
ment, instead of paying $30,000 to anybody.
Mr. SHANKS. I did not in the remarks I
made intend to reflect on the integrity of any
one. I simply wished to prevent what I thought
was wrong. The memorandum of agreement
is not signed by any one. But the gentlemen
who are entitled to the benefit of it have fully
testified to what it was, and I think there is no
man living who could rise here or elsewhere
and say that it was not executed in the Treas-
ury by the Secretary of the Treasury.
Mr. SARGENT. Did you say it was signed?
Mr. SHANKS. I say it was executed.
Mr. SARGENT. What do you say it was
executed for, if it was not signed?
Mr. SHANKS. Things are executed that
are not signed. The contract is for the pay-
ment of $30,000.
Mr. SARGENT. For what?
Mr. SHANKS. If the gentleman will wait
until I get through I will tell him for what. I
will have the document put in the Globe.
Mr. SARGENT. I want to have it read at
the Clerk's desk. I believe I hold the floor.
Mr. SHANKS. Then let the gentleman
take the floor. If he wants to go out of this
thing, let him do so. I will take occasion to
ventilate it.
Mr. SARGENT. The committee of con-
ference, on the representation of the gentle-
man from Indiana, reported what he has sug-
gested. Afterward, when the Secretary of the
Treasury was attacked here, I said that the
document does not, in one line of it, refer to
the Choctaw matter; that it is unsigned; that
there is no evidence on it that the Secretary
of the 1 reasury or any officer of the Depart-
ment ever saw it; and I asked that it should
be read at the Clerk's desk in order to show
this. But the gentleman says that some party
told him so, or swore so, and, as he so thor-
oughly believed it, I was willing the provision
should be put in to save the Government the
loss of twenty-five or thirty thousand dollars.
If the gentleman from Indiana desires to state
the case further, I will yield to him.
Mr. SHANKS. The paper is my own, and
I have a right to have it read here. I do not
want this controversy with any other object
than to save the Treasury $30,000 out of the
hands of men who did nothing but look at the
records that are printed. They refer to them
simply by page and word. A line from the
Secretary of the Treasury or from Solicitor
Banfieid would have gotten all the information
these men have furnished. It was the duty of
Mr. Banfieid, as a paid officer of the Govern-
ment, to have collected information without
the $30,000 being paid to informers, and I
will prevent the payment of it if I can.
Mr. BURDETT. I want to say that theso-
informers did not bring forward a proper, but
a garbled record; that in their eager hunt for
fees and vengeance they imposed upon the
honorable Solicitor of the Treasury, not the
whole truth of the case, but partial, unfair,
and hostile selections only, carefully conceal-
ing, and willfully keeping in the background
the vast amount of record evidence making to
the advantage of the claimants ; and on which,
during the past fourteen years, Congress by
the action of both of its branches, and by the
reports of its Committees of Indian Affairs
and the Judiciary, have repeatedly declared
that this claim of the Choctaws ought to be
paid.
Mr. SARGENT. The Choctaw claim is
really a claim for between three and four mil-
lion dollars, for which, under alaw of Congress,
the Government has as solemn a receipt as can
be drawn up, which receipt is an effectual bar
to the claim.
Mr. SHANKS. The claim was only for
!,232,000, and so far as the receipt is con-
cerned that receipt is in the Interior Depart-
ment, but it is a receipt only against a certain
thing, against one part of the scrip or certifi-
cates granted to the Choctaws for lands sold
to the United States. It is a special receipt
for a special thing under the fourteenth article
of the treaty of 1830. It goes no further,
under the statute. It is a special receipt, and
does not go further than using the words
"such certificates in the hands of'such parties."
Mr. SARGENT. I have my documents
with me and I ask for the reading of the receipt,
and I call attention to the fact that it is a re-
ceipt for all claims under the fourteenth article
of the treaty.
The Clerk read as follows:
Whereas by an act of Congress entitled "An act
to supply deficiencies m the appropriations for the
service ofthe fiscal year ending 30th of June 1852,"
it is provided that after the 30th day of June, 1862 all
payments of interest on the amounts awarded Choc-
taw claimants under the fourteenth article of the
treaty of Dancing Rabbit creek for lands on which
tneyresided, but which it is impossibleto give them,
shall cease, and that the Secretary of the Interior be
directed to pay said claimants the amount of prin-
cipal awarded in each ease respectively, and that an
amount necessary for this purpose be appropriated
not exceeding $872,000; and that the final pavment
and satisfaction of said award shall bo first ratified
and approved as a final release of all claims of such
parties under the fourteenth article of said treaty by
the proper national authority of the Choctaws, in
such form as shall be prescribed by the Secretary of
the Interior. Now, be it known, that the said gen-
eral council of the Choctaw nation do hereby ratify
and approve the final payment and satisfaction of
said awards, agreeably to the provisions of the act
aforesaid, as a final release of al! claims of such
parties under the fourteenth article of said treaty.
at e> A- NAIL, Speaker,
November 6,1872.
Passed in the Senate:
Approved:
D. McCOY, President.
GEORGE W. IIAHKINS,
GEOKGE fOL&OM.
