2m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Maifclr I,
thing accomplished that encourages thoae meft
to go on and make the demonstrations they
are making.
Mr. CARPENTER. Will my friend ailaw
jneto ask him a question ?
Mr. MORTON. Certainly.
Ms.. CARPENTER. I should like to-taow
what has produced suoh a tremendous revolu-
tion in the opinions of,the Senator pinoe yes-
terday morning when he was the kindest man
here in urging the Senate to proceed to the
consideration of this bill, and demanded that
it should be proceeded with because the fate
of the State depended upon it? I think our
debate has been very beneficial to him.
Mr. MORTON. I think I was not the loud-
est man. I agreed that we should take up the
question the-day before yesterday, but I stated
then, and took occasion to state as .soon as the
debate was opened, that these demonstrations
in Louisiana were gotten up for the ocoasiooi
I read dispatches to show that they had been
investigated from this Chamber, not by Sen-
ators, but by men who are occupying this floor,
who have no more right on this floor than the
thousand men out in the lobby to-night, but
who have been here upon this floor, whisper'
ing their suggestions to Senators, furnishing
contradictions and arguments—one man, at
least, who it is said has demoralized Louisiana,
who has run the Legislature of Louisiana it is
said for four years, and has come here now to
run the Senate of the United States.
Sir, if this bill should pass the Senate what
would that amount to? Can it pass the House?.
Does any man here to-night, believe that it
can pass the House unless there be some won-
derful arrangement made that has not been
communicated to all this body? Can it pass
the House unless there has been some combi-
nation made that ought not to be made, and
that has not been exposed here ? It can pass
the House under no other circumstances. If
it should pass the Senate .and not . pass the
House, what is the effect of it? Simply to
leave the Kellogg government where if is, but
to have it weakened morally by having suoh
a bill pass the Senate. That is the only effaqt
of it. It could accomplish no good, but might
do harm.
I cannot shut my eyes to what has been go-
ing on here to-day, and the significance of the
vote here to-night. I have been anxious to
avoid every partisan consideration connected
with this question. In the report that I made,
I endeavored to tell the truth on all sides aa
fairly and as clearly as I could; but if therQ
are those who are determined to make this a
political matter, and to take advantage of cir-
cumstances to achieve a party advantage, it
will be for others to stand by and submit to it
if they see proper, and not to submit to it in
silence if they do not see proper.
If this question should be taken up, Mr.
President, I shall have something^more to say ;
but this I have to say now t that if it be taken
up no good can be done. If this bill should
pass- the Senate, it cannot go thtough the
House unless there be some extraordinary un-i
derstanding of which we are not fully advised.
Can a bill involving such vast considerations
go through the House of Representatives with-
out debate? And if there is to be debate, we
know that there is not time to consider it. To
have it pass the Senate and fail in the House
can be productive only of harm. It can only
weaken the Kellogg government, but will still
leave it there. There can be, nothing done
unless the action can be completed, and I sub-
mit, to every Senator present that there ought
to be no action taken on this matter to-night.
Therefore I renew the motion to lay it on the
table.
Mr. HOWE. Allow mo one moment.
Mr. MORTON. I withdraw the motion.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President, I like the
sentiment which has been uttered by the1 Sen-
ator from Illinois [Mr. Logan] and echoed by
the Senator from Indiana, [Mr. Morton,] that
it is not worth while to be seared. I wish I
could live up to it} but I am one of those who
cannot help getting scared once in a while, and
I am seized with a panic to night. [Laughter. ]
As to that bloodshed in Louisiana, that does
pot distress me so much; I never am so. much
frightened at dangers which are a good way
off, [laughter,] but it is those that_ are right
around me that affect me. It is this revolu-
tion that I want to get out of.'
Mow, Mr. President, I voted against laying
the motion of the Senator from West Virginia
on the table. I was willing to take up this
Louisiana question once more. I did not sup-
pose that there was any man on this floor who
had any particle of light in him on that subject
that he had not let out twenty-four hours ago.
•I suppose that whatever could be said, and the
utmost that could be said on the question, had
been said. I did not suppose there was any
idea touohing the whole question which had not
been abundantly ventilated, and I thought if
there was no honest desire to pass any bill on
the subject, Senators would be willing to take
the question up, or take the several questions
up—- there are three of them—and vote on
them with such information as we already have.
I am convinced from what I have already heard
that there is no such desire, that there is not any
fixed or general wish here to pass a bill on this
subject. I have made all the physical effort I
care to make in that behalf. I sat up here
one long weary night to be enlightened on the
subject. After we had spent that night, the
Senate concluded not to pass the bill. I was
ready to hear whether they were ready to
reconsider that question, and therefore I was
willing to support the motion of the Senator
from West Virginia to take it up. I am satis-
fied that I was mistaken; there is no such
wish. I am not willing to sacrifice the few
last hours of the session upon a vain and futile
effort to f ass such a bill.
There is a very important bill referred to
by the Senator from Michigan which ought to
be considered. There is another bill which I
have vainly sought for an opportunity to ask
the Senate to consider, the bill which the
House of Representatives passed to pay the
awards of the southern claims commission.
It is entitled "An act making appropriations
for the payment of claims allowed by the com-
missioners of claims under the act of March 3,
1871." There are other measures of very
great importance which wa have not tried to
pass, and now I am disposed to show the
white feather; I acknowledge myself scared.
[Laughter.] I will vote for the motion of the
Senator from Michigan if he renews it, to lay
this motion of the Senator from West Virginia
on the table.
Mr. CARPENTER. Will my colleague
allow me to say one word?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Indiana [Mr. Mqrtoh] made the motion,
but yielded to allow the Senator from Wiscon*
sin [Mr. Howe] to speak.
Mr- MORTON. I yield to the Senator from
Wisconsin, [Mr. Carpenteb.] :
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion is
withdrawn.
Mr. CARPENTER. I simply desire to as-
sure my colleague, for the purpose of restoring
his peace of mind on this subject, that there is
not the slightest danger from the revolution
that exists here. A wonderful change has taken
place in the mind of the Senator from Indiana,
but I think he is the only Senator who has
revoluted since the day before yesterday, and
so far as the threat that comes from Michigan
and from Indiana is concerned, I want to say
to my colleague, as between him and the Sen-
ator from Indiana, I will stand by him to the
last. [Laughter.]
Mr. HOWE. But who will stand between
the Senator from Michigan and me, I would
like to know ? [Laughter.]
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I should like
very much to give the people of the State of
Louisiana.an opportunity to have and to seleet
their own government, and if it was possible
to dp so at the present session by a law,-I
would vote for it; but I do not believe ifc is
possible. I believe it will lead,to a discussion
which would only throw over th4 necessary
legislation of the session. 1 .There* is this con-
solation : that in, the interim, we have a Gov-
ernment and-a President that-will keep-the
peace in Louisiana, and.' it may possibly:be
that the people of that Stater having.passed
over their excitement, will be in a better con-
dition to select a proper Governor when we
meet again than they would be now; .
Mr. STEVENSON. If we all desire to give
the people of Louisiana an opportunity of a
new eleotion, what prevents it? This bill was
oonsidered thoroughly the other nigbt.' Why
cannot the vote on- the motion to reconsider
be taken? If there is to be a discussion, it
may proceed from gentlemen who want to pre-
vent the people of Louisiana having that op-
portunity. The Senator from Indiana asks:
who believes that this bill can pass the House?
If we would reconsider this vote, after the dis-
cussion we have had, vrhen every mind is fully
made up, and take a vote on; the bill of the
Senator from Wisconsin, it could go to the
House and be passed to-night. Therefore the
question presents itself, why can it not be
done? I have no reason to believe that the
House would not pass it. Certainly I do not
think that it is an excuse for the Senate to be
derelict in their duty, and say they will not do
a thing because they apprehend that the
House will not act. I think the inference is
that the House of Representatives will do what
the President has called our attention to do,
and what the situation of Louisiana demands.
Is there any part of this country that is not
interested in the fact that there should be a
recognized government in Louisiana? What
part of this country is not interested in having
a stable, recognized, valid government there?
If they have not one there now, if there are
two authorities equally claiming to be the
recognized authority of the State, is it not the
duty of Congress as far as they have the power
to pass this bill ? At least.thoae who believe in
such a power ought to dispose of it. ,
I claim that the question offree government
iu a sovereign State of this Union is above the
river and. harbo.r bill. The question of the
improvement of your rivers and harbors sinks
into insignificance compared with the vitality
of a free State, and we set a poor example to
foreign nations when we say that a river and
harbor bill or a southern claims bill is more
important than a recognized State • govern-
ment in any of the States of this.Union. -.
I sat here the whole night the other night
when this subject was under consideration, - I
did not vote upon the bill because I did not
believe in this power; hut, I. do believe now
that it is our duty to have a ■ fai r expression
of the opinion of the Senate when it- is full
as to what the sentiment of the Senate is as
to its duty upon the, present status of affairs
in Louisiana. When that shall have been had
I shall acquiesce, as I always do, iu the decis-
ion of the majority of the Senate. , Ift there-
fore, we desire to meet this question, which
has been presented fully in the reports of the
committee, debated as it has been at great
length, after a thorough discussion running
through two days, with the mind of every Sen-
ator made up, why cannot we take a, vote on
the question of reconsideration, and if it -is
reconsidered, then immediately vote upon the
bill? If it is not reconsidered, of course the
bill has its quietus.
I hear gentlemen say they can speak the
thing out to-night. We know they can, and
when they do speak it to death and when they
do consume time and .turn a deaf- ear-to the
cry of those people in Louisiana who are ask-
ing you to settle these questions, let the re-
sponsibility rest upon those who think that this
is a very inconsiderable question and that the
