1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
113
wboae relief a bill has been inttodbted Into the
Senate.
V ery respectfully, io,,
JSfo. A. J. CRESWELL. ,
Pestmodber Genera*. j
Hon. Alkiasdkb R&xsky, Chairman Conmittee on I
Post (JjJlctB and Poet Road*, Senate United States,
Wathi'nffton, D. P.
POST OFncK Dipabtmknt,
Coxtb act Office,
Washington, D. C., DeremberOD, 1871.
Sir : The Department is in receipt of a note dated
the Wth instant, inclosing a bill (s. No. 395) for the
relief of Enos J. Pennypaoker, and asking, on behalf
of the Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads, for
any information the Postmaster General may please
to pommanicate in regard to the subject.
Under nil advertisement dated September 30,1870,
Enos J. Pennypacker became the accepted bidder
for carrying the mails of the United States, by steam-
boat. on route S037, between Plymouth, in North
Carolina, and Franklin depot, in Virginia, from
July 1,1371. to June 30, 1875, at $1,999 per annum,
the only other bidder for the service being James
Brandt, jr., at $4,000 per annum. Mr. Pennypacker
wad the accepted bidder, also, under the same ad-
vertisement, for eight other routes in the State of
North Carolina, on each of which he has execufed
contracts in proper form, and the servioe is being
uuly performed. But on route 5037. being a steam-
bo.it route, hefailedto provide the required service,
and according to the practice in such cases, tempo-
rary service was employed at the rate of 34,000 per
anuum, and the difference charged to the failing
bidder. The effect of this action is to prevent pay-
ment to Mr. Pennypacker for service on his other
rou:es, and mless relief be afforded he will donbt-
lf.-s bo cum pell od to abandon the service, and the
Department will be put to the trouble and expense
of readvertising and reletting the routes.
It i>)alleged in extenuation of Mr, Pennypaoker's
failure, that the requirement in the advertisement
that the service should be performed "by steam-
boat" escaped his notice, and the parties for whose
temporary service the Department hag been com-
pelled to pay at the rate of $4,0o0 per annum, they
living the only persons prepared, by having the
necessary boat to perform it, are the same for whom
similar service was performed under the previous
contract at £2,000, only one dollar a year in excess
of Mr. Pennypacker's bid.
The printed bill is herewith returned, with a cor-
rection noted in the number of the route.,
Very respectfully, ic., _ _  .
JOHN L. ROUTT, I
Second Assistant Postmaster Oenerttl.
Hon. Alexander Raxbiy, Chairman Committee on
Poet Offices and Poet Roads, Senate United Statee,
Washington, D. C.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I remember the case
now, and 1 think the Senate will see that this
is a bill which ought not to pass. The facts
about it, as appears Iqry the comnr.ini cation
from the Post Office Department, are these—.
and I hope the Senate will pay attention to the
faets, for it seems to me it is very clear that
.such a bill ought not to pass—Mr. PenDy-
liacker was a bidder for carrying the maila on
various routes in North Carolina. Among
others, he bid for carrying the mail on, this
route by steamboat for' $1,909. This mail
was carried formerly by the steamboat owners
for $2,000, and he bid $1,900. He failed tq
comply with his contract, and the contract was
awarded to the parties who had formerly car-
ried it for $2,000, at $4,000, they being the
next bidders to Pennypacker. Pennypacker
failing to comply with his contract, it is let
out now at $4,000, double what this mail was
carried for before these last advertisements,
and now Pennypacker asks to be relieved from
his bid of $1,900, the Post Office Department
now charging "him the difference between
$1,900 and $4,000, which they have to pay, it'
seems,1 under the special contract which they
have made. He askrs to be relieved from1 that
aid to fee paid on his other contracts which he is
fulfilling. It seems tometobevery clear that
be shoo id not bepermitted to do this; The
only excuse he gives is that he did sot notice
when he bid $1,900 that thiaparticular mail
was to be carried by steamboat;-'that he over-
looked'that; but it was carried'the year1-be-
fore for $2,000', and now it is being carried for'
doable (hat price. It seams to- me this is * bill
which ought mot to pass. 1 think'it vhoald be
reconsidered and recommitted to the com- •
mittee.
Mr. RAMSEY. Is there not a report? Is
it a House or Senate bill?
The VICE PRESIDENT. A Senate bill.
Mr. RAMSEY. I have a recollection of the
case, though it has almost passed from my
mind. It seems this man is a very useful con-
tractor for the Department. He has the con-
tracts on a number of small routes from which
he realizes very little. Among the other routes
that he bid for was this one for service by
steamboat, and the owners of the steamboat
finding that th« contract was let to another
person than themselves refused to allow him
the use of the steamboat. The consequence
waa that he was compelled to omit executing
that contract. Now, to follow him up and
mulct him in all these fines would take all that
he realizes out of his half dozen or eight other
small contracts that he executes to the satis-
faction of the Department. It can do the
Government and the Department no good to
pursue the man in this way. It will deprive
him of the power to execute the other con-
tracts which it is desirable that he should go
on with, and which the Department can get
no one else to do as well. It will compel him to
quit the service and do the Government no
good.
For these reasons we wish to relieve him
from his obligation to execute this particular
contract. That I understand to be the desire
of all parties.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That does not answer
the other point of the case, which is that this
mail was carried heretofore for $2,000, and
now the Department is paying $4,000 a year.
Mr. RAMSEY. Exactly.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It seems to me that ought
to be corrected. < There were two bids, one for
$1,900, made by tfcis man, and the other for
$4,000, made by the other party. This man :
being unable to execute the contract the De-
partment take the next highest bid, which is
$4,000, and then relieve the man who bid
$1,000.
Mr. RAMSEY. They do not relieve him ;
Congress is asked to relieve him. What do
you gain by compelling this man to keep the
contract? Yon compel him to break the other
contracts that he is executing to the satisfac-
tion of the Government.
Mr; TRUMBULL. Do we gain nothing by
oar advertising for mail contracts, and is a
man to be permitted to put in a bid at a low
rate and have a contract awarded to him, and
then fail to comply with it, so that the highest
bidder shall have the contract? If that prac-
tice is to obtain these parties can make ar-
rangements by which they will get any price
they please for carrying the mails. Now, we
are to gain this: we are to compel this inan to
make some arrangement, and if he cannot
carry this mail at $2,000 the service ought to
be readvertised. It certainly ought not to be
costing the Government double this yeaf to
carry the mail that it cost last year in conse-
quence of the inability of this contractor to
perform his contract. That is all there is in
the ease.
I think that the bill bad better be recon-
sidered attd recommitted to the committee,
and let them itiqoire into the facts and ascer-
tain if we are to continue for the full four
years to pay doable what has heretofore been
paid for carrying this mail, all arising Out of
the fact that this bidder now says be did not
observe when he made his bid that the mail
was to be carried by steamboat, when the fact
was that it had been carried' by steamboat the
previous year.
'Mr-. RAMSEY. This is a tjase of mistake on
the part of the bidder. Cortgress frequently,
and the Department sometimes, correct such
mistakes. Some Senator ou the other side of
the House I think had charge of this bill,
whose constituent this party Was.' It does not
occur to me now who it was.
Mr. CORBETT. I think the Senator from
Illinois is under a misapprehension as to the
time that this mail is to be carried at $4,000 a
year. I think the Department under the law
can let in such cases but foF 6n!e Ve4r, afnd
then it is to be readvertised and r^let to other
parties or to the same one at the lowest bid, as
heretofore. I think they are only allowed a
contract under the law for one year until the
next letting, and then the service is let to the
lowest responsible bidder after that.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That does not appear
by these papers.
Mr. CORBETT. I think it appears that
the present service is only temporary. I ask
that the letter of the Post Office Department
be read.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The letter has
once been read, but the Secretary will again
r6&d it
Mr. TRUMBULL. Read the concluding
part of it, which I think relates to the relet-
ting of the contract. 1 presume the Senator
from Oregon does not wish to hear all of it,
but only that part which relates to the re-
letting.
The Chief Clerk lead as follows :
" It is alleged, in extenuation of Mr. Penny-
packer's failure, that the requirement in the adver-
tisement that the servioe should be performed ' by
steamboat' escaped his notice; and the parties for
whose temporary service the Department has been
compelled to pay at the rate of $4,000 per annum,
they being the only persons prepared, by having
the necessary beat, to perform it. are the same for
whom similar service was performed under the pre-
vious contract at $2,000, only one dollar a year in
excess of Mr. Pennypacker's bid."
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Illinois to
reconsider the vote by which thi? bill was
passed.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Now I move that the
bill be recommitted to the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads.
The motion was agreed to.
PNEUMATIC TUBE ROAD.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 883) to authorize the construction of
a pneumatic tube road between the cities of
New York and New Orleans.
Mr. WILSON. This bill was introduced by
me and has not been referred. I move now
that it be referred to the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. RAMSEY. What is it? Are you going
to refer all business to that committee?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is a bill to
authorize the construction of a pneumatic tube
road betwen New York and New Orleans.
The motion to refer was agreed to.
JOSEPH WHEATON.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill (S.
No. 909) for the relief of the administrator of
the estate of Lieutenant Joseph Wheaton, de-
ceased ; which was read' the second time. It
directs the Third Auditor of the Treasury to
settle and adjust the claim of John A. Clarke,
administrator of the estate ofLieutenant Joseph
Wheaton, deceased, for the half pay due him
under the act of Congress of October 21,1780,
as a lieutenant of infantry in the Rhode Island
line during the revolutionary war ; and in the
settlement aud adjustment of the claim, the
principles recognized and embraced in the
decision of the-Court of Claims in the case of
Thomas H. Baird, administrator of Doctor
Absolom Baird, deceased, and which was
sanctioned by an act of Congress approved
August 18, 1856, shall be accepted by the
Third Auditor as the basis on which, such set-
tlement and adjustment shall be made. Upon
the final settlement and adjustment there shall
be deducted, from the amount ascertained to
be due, all moneys paid, by commutation or
otherwise,', on account of the half pay. The
amount thus ascertained to be found due the
estate of Joseph Wheatod is to be paid by the
Secretary of the Treasury.
Mr. CORBETT. I think there is a written
report in that case, and it is a very meritorious
case. I hope the bill will be passed.
