1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1083
Mr. SARGENT. Now, after negotiations
with these parties, the sum of eight, hundred
and odd thousand dollars was paid, in consid-
eration of which they gave the solemn receipt
which I have just had read.
Now, in the book I hold in my hand, made
up in behalf of the Choctaw nation, and
entitled the Choctaw nation vs. The United
States, I find on page 102 the following:
Amounts claimed by Choetaws under treaty of 1830.
Under the fourteenth article, land for 1,685 fam-
ilies, 1,910,400 aeres, at $1 25, is $2,388,000 00
Losses on scrip, nominal value....
I'or which the Choetaws realized..
$875,100 00
118,400 00
Interest on $1,750,200 from February 14,
1836, to March 3, 1845; say nine
years .$787,590 00
Interest on scrip from March
3,1815, till paid   149,815 00
Interest still due, act of
March 3,1845  150,989 70
Interest on rejected claims... 405,400 00
750,700 00
1,493,794 70
2,250,494 70
Estimated value of 1,441 improvements,
840 each  $45,640 00
They make some credits on account of pay-
ments, but two or three million dollars are
claimed by the Choetaws or by their agents,
who are lobbying for them here, on account
of this fourteenth article and in defiance of that
receipt. I could show if this were the proper
occasion, or there were time, by tracing the
matter, that the very first steps were in fraud,
that the Government was swindled over and
over again, and that the pretentions of these
claimants have increased as the Government
has endeavored to satisfy them and has made
appropriations for that purpose.
But there is no such question now before the
House, and there is no difference of opinion
between the gentleman from Indiana and my-
self on anything pending. The conferees were
in favor of saying that, until authorized by Con-
gress, no party should be paid for unearthing
these frauds.
Mr. SHANKS. I want but a minute or two
to make a statement in connection with that.
Three years after that receipt was given the
President of the United States made, and the
Senate confirmed, a treaty with these Choe-
taws—another treaty, the eleventh, twelfth,
and thirteenth articles of which were specially
for the purpose of settling the very question
which the gentleman says was settled by that
receipt—that question with others. That treaty
made the Senate of the United States the um-
pire to determine the mode of settling the ques-
tion, and laid down one of two modes, either
of which the Senate might adopt. Upon that
basis the Senate passed a resolution instruct-
ing the Secretary of the Interior to render an
account between the Government and the Choe-
taws, under the provisions of the treaty, in the
manner adopted by the Senate. On that re-
port there appeared to be $2,981,000 due the
Choetaws. There were still other deductions
made—the five per cent, internal revenue fund,
and some other amounts.
That was in 1859, and the report was received
by the Senate in 1860. In 1861 Congress ap-
propriated $600,000 to be applied to that pur-
pose, and $250,000 of that amount was paid
in money, which was paid. The other portion
was to be paid in bonds, the identical bonds
which the Secretary has refused to deliver.
The war came on in 1861, and the bonds were
not delivered; but in 1871 the Committee on
Appropriations of this House, of which the
gentleman from California [Mr. Sargent] was
a member, directed the very same bonus to
be issued. The contest then was as to whom
those bonds should be issued or delivered.
The Secretary of the Treasury raised no ques-
tion as to the right to issue the bonds, only as
to whom he should issue and deliver them.
The Committee on Indian Affairs spent
much of last summer, under a resolution of
this House, in investigating the claim made
by men upon those bonds. They have suc-
ceeded in cutting them loose from those claim
agents, so that the Indians could get their
bonds, and not be plundered by cormorants.
And now the very men that we spent our time
in cutting loose from this thing have turned
over, and are to-day the emplyes of the
Treasury Department in opposing the claim
that we cut them loose from. I am not willing
that this man Grayson and his accomplices
shall go back upon his own clients and take
$30,000 out of the national Treasury to pay
him for his treachery to the men whom he
for years and years has assumed to sustain.
I am opposed to it all. In this matter I cast
no reflection upon the gentleman from Cali-
fornia, for he stood with me in the committee
upon this subject.
Mr. SARGENT. And I do not differ with
the gentleman now upon that proposition. I
referred to the other matter simply because
he brought it into the discussion. I.will take
but a minute or two to reply to what the gen-
tleman has said, so far as it is proper to do so.
As this matter is before the House, and will
be pressed upon the attention of Congress for
four or five years to come, I want those mem-
bers of this House who are likely to be mem-
bers hereafter to understand that, from all the
investigation I have been able to give the sub-
ject, I believe this thing is a fraud ah initio
and in every stage of its progress.
The gentleman speaks of the treaty made by
which this claim was revived in a year or two
after the Indians had relinquished all claim.
Is it necessary to remind the House how such
treaties were made; how the rights of the
Government were disregarded? He says the
Senate was the arbitrator in the matter and
made an award. When that matter came up
in the Senate it was the last or near the last
day of the session. Mr. King, of Alabama,
arose in his place und inquired what the treaty
was, and what it was about. He said it was
very dangerous to legislate upon a matter
without understanding what it was. Nobody
but the chairman of the Committee on Indian
Affairs seemed to know what sums were pro-
vided for, what it was about, or what report
was made. The gentleman who had charge
of it at that time, the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs, said that it involved
the amount of eight hundred thousand or one
million dollars; that when it came to be made
up that was all it would amount to. Yet when
the amount was made up a few months there-
after, it reached nearly the sum of three mil-
lion dollars. Ignorance or deceit prevailed,
and the award prevailed.
Now, almost immediately afterward, when
they came forward and wanted legislation of
Congress to have this money appropriated
under that award, when it was fresh in the
minds of Congress, both Houses refused to treat
that award as binding and repudiated it: and
the very resolution under which it is proposed
that these $250,000 in bonds shall be issued
rejects entirely the idea of the award, and
speaks of the claims to be afterward settled
or adjusted. It treats all that has passed as
of no account whatever. That is the history
of the matter all through down to the time
when, inadvertently as a member of a com-
mittee of conference, I was deceived into
reporting another sanction of this old claim of
$250,000, under misrepresentations made to
me and my fellow-conferees. Congress itself
was then in ignorance of the matter ; I was in
ignorance of it. But attention being called to
it, I believed it due to myself to inquire into
and expose the character of this claim. Con-
gress has repudiated the claim, the award,
and any pretended binding of the conscience
of the United States on account of it.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I want
to say a single word. My friend from Indiana
[Mr. SH-vnks] has, inadvertently no doubt,
said what seems to be an injustice toward a
faithful and I believe an honest public officer,
the Solicitor of the Treasury. He says that
that officer should have found out what was on
the records. If they had been records of his
Department and this officer had not found out
what they showed, I would not interpose a,
word in his defense. But in this matter, which
we have all of us overlooked for so long, (and
I thank the gentleman from Indiana for bring-
ing it forward,) the records were on file in the
Interior Department, and nobodyinthe Treas-
ury Department knew anything about them.
Therefore, when a man came there and said,
" I can produce you evidence which will stop
the issue of a quarter million dollars' worth of
bonds, provided you allow me a certain per-
centage," (and the Treasury officials had no
means of knowing where they could look for
this information, because they could not sup-
pose there was a receipt anywhere,) they made
this contract; and however improvideht it was,
I think my friend from Indiana will allow that
there was a good motive in it.
Mr. SHANKS. I wish to answer what the
gentleman from Massachusetts has said upon
this subject.
Mr. SARGENT. I will yield to the gentle-
man.
Mr. SHANKS. I do not wish the gentleman
to yield to me.
Mr. SARGENT. Then I will call the
previous question.
Mr. SHANKS. I wish to answer the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts.
Mr. SARGENT. As the gentleman says he
does not want me to yield to him, I will call
the previous question. I believe I hold the floor.
Mr. SHANKS. Does the gentleman hold
the floor?
Mr. SARGENT. I do for an hour.
Mr. SHANKS. Then let me occupy a few
minutes.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Cal-
ifornia has five minutes remaining.
Mr. SARGENT. As I have five minutes
remaining, I will yield three to the gentleman
from Indiana.
Mr. SHANKS. I thank the gentleman.
Mr. Speaker, the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Butler] has referred to this
receipt. Now, I want it distinctly understood
that the receipt was for a special thing. The
Choetaws do not want that which the receipt
covers. What they want is not what they
have had, but what they have not had. These
Indians have never desired to obtain again
what they have already received and receipted
for. What the Choetaws want is what they
never have yet received and have not receipted
for.
One word as to the statement of the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] with
regard to the Solicitor of the Treasury. I
think it is the duty of that officer to examine
the records, wherever they may be, in refer-
ence to any claim made against the Treasury.
If that is not his duty, then I do not know
what need we have for such an officer. If we
are to go out and hire other men to come in
and help the Solicitor to settle a question as
to whether there are receipts covering any
claim, and if we are to give $30,000 for such
information, my opinion is that the Treasury
will wax very sorrowful before we get through
with the payment of our debts. I think it was
the duty of the Solicitor to know of the exist-
ence of this receipt. He could have found
all the evidence that Paige and Grayson gave
him by a letter to the Secretary of the Interior
or from the records of Congress.
But, I repeat, the receipt covers simply one
half of the land certificates or scrip which was
issued to certain persons claimants under the
fourteenth article of the treaty of 1830. It
does not cover anything else; it was not
intended to cover anything else; and we do
not ask the payment of anything that it does
cover. Therefore let us leave that receipt out
of the question. This claim is for matters
