2044
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of the Uni-
ted States shall receive the sum of $10,500 per an-
num; and the justices of the Supreme Court of the
United States shall receive the sum of $10,000 per
annum each, to be paid quarterly at the Treasury;
the Secretary of State, the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, the Secretary of War, the Secretary of the
Navy, the Secretary of the Interior, the Attor-
ney General, and the Postmaster General shall
receive $10,000 per annum each for their services;
and each Assistant Secretary of the. Treasury,
State, and Interior Departments shall receive as
annual compensation, to be paid quarterly, $6,500;
and the Speaker of the House of Representatives
shall hereafter receive compensation at the rate of
$10,000 per annum, and Senators and Representa-
tives in Congress and Delegates from the Territories
admitted to a seat in Congress, including Senators,
Representatives, and Delegates in the Forty-Second
Congress, shall receive$6,500 per annum each; and
this shall be in lieu of any other pay or any allow-
ance for mileage; newspapers, stationery; and the
sum of $1,200,000, or so much thereof as may be
necessary, is hereby appropriated therefor. And
there is hereby appropriated a sum sufficient to
make the annual salaries of such of the clerks in
the office of the House of Representatives as receive
$2,500 and upward, (including the petition clerkand
printing clerk,) and not increased in this act, $3,000
each; and of such as receive $2,160, the sum of $2,500
each; and of such as receive $1,800, the sum of $2,160
each; and of the clerks of the following committees,
namely, Claims, Judiciary, Public Lands, Military
Affairs, and Elections, $2,500 each; the Doorkeeper
of the House, $3,000; and additional pay to the chief
engineer, $360, (so as to equalize his pay with that of
the chief engineer of tne Senate,) and additional
pay to the foreman of laborers, $120 per annum.
And it is hereby provided that the increase of com-
pensation to the officers, clerks, and others in the
employ of the Senate and House of Representatives
shall apply to the present Congress, and a sum suffi-
cient therefor is hereby appropriated. And the mes-
senger in charge of documents in the office of the
Clerk of the House, the sum of $2,160 per annum;
and such as now receive $1,440, the sum of $1,800 per
annum; and such as now recieve $3 60 per day, the
sum of $1,800 each per annum. That the salaries of
all employes in the department of the Doorkeeper
and the post office of the House and elsewhere
about the House of Representatives be increased in
the same ratio and for the same period as those in
the Clerk's department whose salaries are raised by
this act. That the clerk of the Committee on Pat-
ents and Private Land Claims and Committee on
Commerce be paid $1,800 per annum.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Is it in order to malce a
motion upon that amendment now?
Mr. SHERMAN. Certainly ; it is now be-
fore us.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Maine has moved a general non-concurrence,
and asked a committee of conference; but if any
Senator insists on a separate vote, of course a
separate vote can bs had.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then I insist on a sep-
arate vote
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I do not wish
to embarrass the action of the Senate. I
withdraw my motion if it interferes in any
way.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move to amend the
amendment of the House by striking out all
after the provision for the salary of the Presi-
dent of the United States.
Mr. ANTHONY and Mr. SHERMAN.
And the Yiee President.
Mr. EDMUNDS. No; the Constitution
allows us to change the salary of the Vice
President, does it not, at any time ?
Mr. ANTHONY. No; I think not.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Vermont moves to amend the amend-
ment by striking out all after the increase of
the salary of the President, and the question
is on the amendment to the amendment.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If I may be pardoned for
one single moment, my object in making that
distinction is that as to the President of the
United States the Constitution provides that
his salary shall not be increased during the
term for which he is elected. If the same rule
applied to the Vice President, then I should
make the motion to strike out all after "Vice
President." If it does not, then I wish to
have it as it is, and in a moment I shall find
out. I am sure it only applies to the Presi-
dent.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is in section one of
article two of the Constitution.
Mr. STEWART. Read it.
Mr. SHERMAN. " The President shall,
at stated times, receive for his services a com-
pensation which shall be neither increased nor
diminished during the period for which he
shall have been elected, and he shall not
receive within that period any other emolu-
ment from the United States, or any of them."
Mr. EDMUNDS. I was quite sure I was
right. I move to strike out all of the amend-
ment after the provision for the salary of the
JPresident
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. WKat is
the motion?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is to amend
the House amendment by striking out all ex-
cept the increase of salary of the President.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. Why ex-
cept the President ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. If the Senator had
attended to what I was saying he would have
heard me state the reason, and that is, that
the salary of the President cannot be in-
creased or decreased during his continuance
in the term for which he is elected. There-
fore, not to make this provision now precludes
us from making any change for four years;
whereas, as to the others, at the next session
we can do what appears to be just and right
for everybody then ; as to the President we
cannot.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. I am op-
posed to the whole thing. I want to get rid
of it on one vote.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator will have
an opportunity to vote on the balance after
this motion is taken.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment to the amendment offered
by the Senator from Vermont.
Mr. CONKLING. I should like to under-
stand among other things the utility of this
motion if it prevails. As I understand it, un-
less better instructed, should the amendment
of the Senator from Vermot prevail and then
the bill go to a committee of conference, the
whole subject goes to that committee as much
as it would if the Senator had not made his
motion or if that motion should be voted down,
because upon all the residue of the amend-
ment the two Houses disagree. Therefore it
would seem to me that no discussion at this
moment, even if we had time, upon the merits
of this amendment in whole or in part is likely
to be of any value. If I am not right, I should
be glad to be set right by the Chair or by any
Senator better instructed.
Mr. EDMUNDS. My friend from New
York is perfectly right as to his question of
orderly proceeding. Of course it amounts
only to a disagreement to that part; but it
guides the representatives of the Senate in a
conference as to what the judgment of the
Senate is. If the Senate believe that we ought
to increase the salary of the President and do
it now, we can so vote. If we believe we
ought not to go further we can so vote, and
then our representatives, who are bound to
carry out our will as far as they can under-
stand it, will have a guide as to what we wish
them to do; but if we merely non-concur gen-
erally, the conferees on the part of the Senate,
if we go to a conference, will have no guide in
the prosecution of their proceedings.
Mr. CONKLING. I wish that was as appar-
ent to me as it seems to be to my friend. If
he means that by agreeing with the House as
to so much of the amendment as relates to
the President, we bring the two Houses to an
accord and thereby remove from the consider-
ation of the conference committee so much of
this matter, I agree with him.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If this amendment shall
be agreed to, I shall then move to concur in
what is left of the House amendment.
Mr. CONKLING. And so, as the Senator
reminds me, although I conceive it would
not be necessary to do so for this purpose,
though doubtless it would be in order, he
might supplement his present motion with
another, to concur m so much of the amend-
ment as concerns the President, and in that
way literally and formally he would bring the
two Houses together. As to all the residue of
the amendment, however, from the compen-
sation of the Vice President to the least valu-
able salary of a clerk, the two Houses would
disagree and the whole question would be com-
mitted to a committee of conference, without,
as I humbly conceive, the slightest guide, with-
out any intimation by the Senate of the views
of the Senate as to what the managers on
the part of the Senate should or should not
agree to.
Now, Mr. President, I have often in re-
sisting motions to raise salaries, among others,
one made recently by my honorable friend
from Ohio [Mr. Sherman] to increase certain
salaries, insisted that we ought at some time
to take up the matter of salaries by classes,
and not by naming a particular officer or indi-
vidual and considering him and at some other
time some other, have diverse and inequitable
arrangements of salaries. I have always been
willing to admit, and I feel bound now to ad-
mit, that the matter of salaries at large is a
subject which ought to be considered, con-
sidered intelligently, and therefore considered
collectively. Here, for aught I see, is an
opportunity to consider the various salaries
mentioned in this amendment. At this mo-
ment I express no opinion with regard to
it; not that I have any hesitation in express-
ing my opinion, not that I shall be reluc-
tant to do so when it is in order, or do it
now if it be the pleasure of the Senate to pro-
ceed to the consideration of the subject. Nor
do I, I beg to say, interpose any opposition
to a consideration of the salary of the Presi-
dent first of all, if you please, as it stands first
in its rank and first in its order in the bill;
but I suggest that we had better do one of
two things : either non-concur in this amend-
ment entirely and intrust it to a committee of
conference with the opportunity to discuss it
as far as we see fit afterward, or we had better
proceeed now, not upon the sufferance of the
Senator from Michigan who has up I believe
the river and harbor bill, to a consideration
fairly of all these questions, that which relates
to the President and that which relates to the
Vice President as well.
Mr. MORTON. Let me ask the Senator
this question: if the adoption of the motion
of the Senator from Vermont to strike out
does not require the bill to go back to the
House and postpone the conference one step
further ? .
Mr. CONKLING. No, I do not think it
does.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair was
about to state that the Senator's five minutes
had expired.
Mr. CONKLING. I beg pardon of the
Chair. It never occurred to me that we were
acting under the five-minute rule. I am much
obliged to the Chair for reminding me of it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It was applied
to this bill when it was under consideration,
and therefore still remains attached to the
bill.
Mr. CONKLING. The Chair is quite right.
Mr. SHERMAN rose.
Mr. CONKLING. If the Senator from Ohio
will pardon me, I want to make one other
remark. I was going to say and would have
said that although the Constitution does not
prevent our considering the salary of the Vice
President hereafter, if we act on this subject
now and it passes from us this session, we
shall not be very likely to consider it again
very soon ; and therefore, for one or two other
reasons which I have not the opportunity now
to state, I was going to insist that we had better
non-concur in the whole amendment and in-
trust it to the committee which my honorable
friend from Maine is going to move.
