1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
121
The Cbief Clerk road the following report
submitted by Mr. Kelly on the 3d of April:
The Commute* 09 1'est Offioo* nd4 Pest Roeds, to
whom was referred the petition of Benjamin Oooley
and James W. Boswell, submit the following re-
port:
It appears by the evidenoe that BeuMiiB Coo lay
was the contractor to carry the mails from \Y anliing-
ton city, District of Columbia, to Rockville, in the
State of Maryland, a distance of sixteen miles, oa
route 3293. from July 1, I860, to Jon* 30,18M.
James W. Boswell was the contractor for oarrjin«
the mails during the same time on route 3304, from
Hoekville to Poo lea villa, in the State of Maryland,
also a diettuice of sixteen miles. so that the two
routes, 3329, and 3301. made a continuous line of
thirty-two miles from Washington t  PWlesville.
A com mu moat ion from George W. MtLcilti, 8co-
ond Assistant Postmaster GeneraJ, dated 25th Febra-
ary,lS68, shows that the contract price for carrying the
mails on route 3293 was $300 per annum for six times
a week service, aad en route 3304 the same amount
for three tunes a week service. At the time the con-
tracts were made, and for a long time prior thereto,
the average amount of mail matter diu not exceed
from thirty to fifty pounds par trip, and was carried
on horseback. But soon alter the couuueuaement
of the late civil war a large number ot" troops was
stationed at Poolesville and other places along the
routes, which caused itn increase of mail matter
amounting to an average of eight or nine hundred
pounds per trip, and made it necessary for the con-
tractors to employ a two-hoise wagon for a large
portioa of the time. By the terms of their agree-
ments the contractors were required to oarry &U the
mail matter on their respective routes, and no mode
of conveyance was specified; bnt this great increase
coaid not have been anticipated or foreseen at the
time the contracts were made.
The evidence shows that both the contractors sus-
tained heavy losses in carrying the mails, bnt that
notwithstanding these losses and the heavy burdens
imposed upon them, they faithfully fulfilled their
contracts, and carried the mails to the end of their
terms.
These claims were presented to the Fortieth Con-
gress, and referred by the Senate to the Committee
on Claims. 0a the 17th July, 1868, that committee,
through Mr. Fbblinohutsbn. submitted a report,
reoommending that they be referred to the Post-
master General for adjustment, and that the con-
tractors be awarded a sum not exceeding $1,200 to
either. (See report of committee No. 172.)
For want of time the bill reported by that com-
mittee failed to become a law, and the petitioners
again presented their claims to the Forty-First Con-
gress, and again they were referred to the Senate
Committee on (Sums. On the 21st April, 1870, that
committee, through Sir. Hows, submitted a report
substantially the same as the one made on the 17th
. July, 1868. (See report No. 114.)
Your committee concur in these recommendations
of the Committee on Claims, and report a bill author-
izing the Postmaster General to adjust the claims of
the petitioners, and award to them such sum as he
may deem proper, not to exoeed the sum of &..2D0to
either.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I wish that bill might
lie over informally until the Senator from Wis-
consin [Mr. HowbJ can send for some papers
which may illustrate it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If the bill be
passed over informally, it can only betaken up
again by nnaoimous consent.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Do I understand that
the effect is to put it aside so that it can only
be taken up by unanimous consent ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The effect of
the rule is that the Senate mast go through the
entire Calendar until the end is reached.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Can we not agree by
unanimous consent to lay aside a bill for the
moment? I do not wish to do these people
injustice; and yet I akould like to know a
little more about the ease, which the Senator
from Wisconsin may be able to inform me of
in a few moments. I should be sorry to do
them the injustice of defeating their claim if
there is no oau«e for doing M>. Therefore I
ask unanimous consent that the bill may be
laid aside informally, to be taken up again
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Vermont asks uoanimoas con Rent that
this bill may be kid aside informally, to be
called up hereafter. Is there objection 7 The
Chair hears none, and that order is made.
OONTESTBTO ELECTIONS.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(H. R. No. 1048) supplemental and amend-
atory of an act entitled "An act to prescribe
the mode of obtaining evidence in cases of con-
tested elections," approved February 19,1851.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This bill was
reported by the Senator fronn Indiana, [Mr.
Morton,] from the Committee on Privileges
and Elections, with ameadmants.
Mr. EDMUNDS*. As tbe Seaator from
Indiana is absent, it had probably better go
over for the time being.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
passed over.
SHIP-BCILDIWG INTEREST.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 914) to promote the ship building and
commercial interests of the United States.
The bill was read.
Mr. HAMLIN. That bill is too important
to pass this body on a discussion under the
five minutes rule. It embraces all the inter-
ests of navigation, and I suppose I may add
of commerce and ship-buildiug. I therefore
object to its consideration.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
passed over, and the Secretary will report the
next bill.
pilot knob and hblrna railroad.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 623) supplemental to an act entitled
"An act making a grant of lands in alternate
sections to aid in the construction and exten-
sion of the Iron Mountain railroad, from Pilot
Knob, in the State of Missouri, to Helena, in
Arkansas," approved July 1866.
Mr. CLAYTON. Let that bill pass over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be passed
over,
N*W MBXIOO CENTRAL RAILROAD.
The next bill en the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 886) to authorize the building of the
New Mexico Central railroad, and for ether !
purposes.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This bill was
reported by the Senator from Kansas, [Mr.
Pohhot,) from the Committee on Public
Lands, with an amendment. Unless objected
to the bill will be read.
Mr. WEST. I object
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
passed over.
HBW MBXICO AND GULF RAILWAY.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 887) to authorize the building of the
New Mexico and Gulf railway, and for other
purposes.
Mr. WEST. I make the same objection.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
passed over.
FORT SAN9BB8 RWBRVATION.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(H. R. No. 161^) to reduce the area of the
military reservation of Port Sanders, in the
Territory of Wyoming, and providing for the
survey of said reservation as reduced.
The VICE PRfiSDENT. This bill was
reported from the Committee on Military
Affairs, with an amendment by the Senator
from Missouri, [Mr. Blair].
The Chief Clerk read the bill.
The amendment reported by the Committee
on Military Affairs was to insert at the end of
the third seetion the following:
Provided, That all of said land not included in
the limits of the new reservation, remaining unsold
after the expiration of one year from the passage of
this act, shall be suhfect to entry and settlement
under the homestead and other laws of the United
States.
Mr. HOWE. I wish that bill might go over.
The last section, it seems to me, certainly
ought not to be passed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
passed over.
TIMOTHY BAKER.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 956) for the relief of Timothy Baker,
of 8t  John's, Michigan; which was read the
second tim«L and considered as in Committee
of the Whole. It proposes to require the Post-
master General, in settling and adjusting the
matters and accounts of Timothy Baker, late
postmaster at St. John's, in the State of
Michigan, to pay him the sum of $685 62.
being a sum of money paid by Baker on a
judgment against him in favor of the United
States, which sum consists of commissions that
should have been allowed Baker.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. There is a re
port in the case, which I ask to have read.
Mr. EDMUNDS. There you propose t<.
reverse a judgment, but 1 will hear the report.
The Chief Clerk read the following report
made by Mr. Ferry, of Michigan, on the lltb
of April, 1872:
The Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads, to
whom -Was referred the petition and papers for the
relief of Timothy Baker, of St. John's, Michigan,
h ve bad the same under consideration, and report
as follows:
That Timothy Baker, the claimant in this case,
was postmaster at St. John's, Michigan, from the
28th day of August, 1855, to the 17tU day of Novem-
ber. 1860.
By reason of his failure to render his quarterly
returns during the period intervening between July
1, 1858, and November 17, 1860, legal proceedings
were instituted by the Post Office Department, and
judgment obtained for the amount not accounted
for, together with costs and interest, which judg-
ment was paid.
In computing the said judgment, credit was not
allowed claimant for the commissions to which he
Would have been entitled had he duly rendered his
returns for the quarter for which he was delinquent.
From letters of the Auditor of the Treasury for
the Post Office Department it appears that the
amount of such commissions is $554 75.
In the said judgment there was also included inter-
est on the amount of commissions due the claimant
from the 27th of November, I860, to March 28, 1864,
amounting to $130 62, making the total paid on the
judgment by the claimant of his own money, in ex-
cess of the sum actually due, $685 37.
From the statements of the Post Office Depart-
ment, it further appears that the amount actually
due from tbeotainmnt at the date of his removal
from office, less the amount of the commissions
before mentioned, and other charges made by the
claimant that have been allowed by the Department,
was $129 64; yet the judgment obtained, including
the oosts and interest, was for the sum of $1,162,
inasmuch as the claimant was prevented from ren-
dering said quarterly accounts by reason of the
destruction of his papers by fire.
Your committee are of opinion that the claimant
is in equity entitled to a reimbursement of the sum
due him for commissions, and the interest on the
same, the same having been included in said judg-
ment paid by him; and do therefore recommend
that the relief be granted by the passage of the ac-
companying bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. President, I again
undertake the hopeless task of asking my friend
from Michigan to tell us how it happened that
a judgment was recovered against this man in
a court in the State of Michigan for more than
he owed the United States?
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. I will answer
the Senator from Vermont by stating that, on
account of afire which occurred, the postmaster
was unable to make his quarterly reports, and
in consequence of that the Department did not
allow himacreditfor his commissions. When
he was removed from office the postmaster
supposed that his account was canceled by
the payment of $100, which he supposed at
the time covered the amount of his indebt-
edness to the Government. But it seems
that, by the failure or refusal of the Department
to credit him with commissions during these
quarters, there was a larger balance against
him. Suit was commenced and judgment
rendered, and the amount of $1,162 collected
of him, which included these commissions
together with interest during the time. He
made no defense, because he supposed that
the Department would credit him with the
amount of the commissions that were his due.
It seems, after the judgment was rendered and
paid, that he adjusted with the Department,
and by the crediting of the commissions it was
found that there was only due the Department
by him the sum of $129 64. The bill for his
relief is to cover the amount of the commis-
sions doe him and the interest thereupon in-
cluded in the judgment. If that amount was
due him, as it was because the delinquency
occurred not by bis neglect of duty, but on
account of a fire which deprived hiui of the
papers by which to make the returns to the
Government, and if the judgment included
