1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
20m
Mr. SHERMAN. The course now recom-
mended by the Senator from Vermont is not
the right one. This proposition is presented
to us now as an affirmative proposition for the
first time, and it is the duty of the Senate to
take its position on these various propositions
so that the conferees may know the will of the
Senate. . It is manifestly clear that neither
House should press upon the other a propo-
sition of this kind except by its free consent.
Neither House would take the responsibility
of defeating the whole legislative appropriation
bill because it desired to carry a particular
amendment.
Now, sir, I believe that the President of the
United States ought to have, and I am willing
to vote that he shall have, an increase of
salary, a salary of $40,000 or $50,000, for rea-
sons that are manifest. I do not wish to dis-
cuss them. I think some of the heads of the
Departments, perhaps all of them, for they
ought all to be on the same footing, ought to
have some increase; but I am opposed to and
desire a separate vote upon the increase of the
salaries of members of Congress. This is a
question that all of us understand; every man
has made up his mind about it, made up his
opinion upon it; and therefore I think we
ought definitely to take our course upon these
various propositions.
Mr. CONKLING. How as to the judges?
Mr. SHERMAN. We increased the sala-
ries of the judges only a little while ago, and
it will be no great hardship for them to stand
as they are; but that is a different question.
I think we ought to take this up as the text of
the bill and pass on the different items. First,
the Senator from Vermont makes a propo-
sition to strike out all after the salary of the
President. I desire to submit a motion, if that
is lost, to strike out that which relates to mem-
bers of Congress alone, and as a matter of
course as to what is left to any extent that we
propose an increase it will be carried by a vote
of the Senate; but against what may be the
very wish of the Senate in regard to this in-
crease of salaries, it is manifest thaf the House
will not insist. It would be a violation of
parliamentary rule and parliamentary usage for
them to do so.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. The ques-
tion of separation is one thing and this general
proposition is another. I am ready to vote in
either way upon the separation or in the
aggregate on this question. I doubt whether
it would be proper for us to separate these
questions at this time; but about that I do not
care so much. 1 am opposed generally to
this whole proposition for the reason assigned
by the honorable Senator from New York to
some extent, and that is that it is certainly a
bad example for us to set to the people that
at the close of a session we should hurry
through these two Houses of Congress a bill
not only increasing our own salaries, but the,
salary of nearly every leading officer of this
Government, when we have no chance of dis-
cussing the necessity for the increase of some
of theua at all events. The reason for increas-
ing some may be apparent, but of others it is
not so. We can hardly remember the number
of officers included in the amendment. We
hardly know how it applies to the salaries of
each, and here the American people are to
witness the fact that we are by a conglomera-
tion of officers and influences to hurry a bill of
this magnitude through these two Chambers.
Mr. President, it is not right that we should
do so, that we should thus treat the people
and should so deal with the public moneys,
loading ourselves with a part of it, and in
order to get that part undertaking to load
others. It is not right, and for one I protest
against it.
If we had a fair discussion of this matter,
if we had a bill brought forward in ample time,
a bill that could be examined by every member
of this body and fairly discussed to ascertain
where this increase should be, then it would
present a different aspect; but now, by means
of a committee of conference or by means of
a hasty vote without understanding exactly the
relations of any officer contained in the bill to
the Government, we are to hurry through an
increase of salaries. Sir, this increase is a
matter for grave consideration. It is a grave
question whether we should gather into our-
selves this vast amount of money at this par-
ticular time when extravagance pervades the
whole land almost, when economy should be
observed and administered here not only for
our own self-respect, but in order to set a
proper example to the American people out-
side of this Chamber, I do not speak of the
policy or impolicy of raising the salaries gen-
erally, but I do say that at this period of the
session it is altogether improper. The Presi-
dent may require more; members of Con-
gress may require more ; but that is a subject
for consideration ; and you cannot give it that
consideration in a five-minutes debate. There-
fore it is impolitic, it is improper in every
view for this body to pass a measure of this
kind in this way through this body and the
other House.
Mr. CARPENTER. Mr. President, when-
ever a bill is brought in to increase the salary
of any particular officer, it is said that the
salaries of all our officers ought to be in-
creased, but it ought to be done by a general
bill. This comes the nearest to a general bill
that I have ever known in the Senate, and
now it is said this is not the time to increase
the salaries, though all admit that they are
wholly inadequate.
This is much more important, than the
amount of money involved. The real ques-
tion is whether poor men shall be allowed to
participate in the administration of the Gov-
ernment. Rich men are all opposed to inceas-
ing salaries. That is after their kind. They
would abolish salaries altogether if they could,
and then only rich men could hold the offices.
They would be quite willing to take and ad-
minister this Government, make its laws, fill
the bench, and take care of the people with-
out a cent of salary. Take a Senator worth
his million or two, what does he care whether
the pay of a Senator is five or ten thousand
dollars. The difference would not make a
ripple on his bank account; but it would settle
the question with a poor man whether he
could be a Senator or not.
It is very cheap patriotism for a Senator
worth millions to say the people's money ought
not to be taken to pay salaries. If the people
are to govern this country, if in other words,
it is to remain a Government of the people
and not of the rich only, then the people must
pay the expenses of Government. When
they become unwilling to do this, then the
rich will take the task off their hands and run
the Government in the intererest of capital.
As I said in discussing this subject on a
former occasion, to pass a law saying no man
shall be a judge or a Senator unless he has
property yielding an income of five or ten
thousand dollars a year, would cause a revo-
lution. But what is the difference between
such a law and one fixing the salaries of all
these offices so low that a man cannot hold
the office unless he has a private fortune ? In
England it is the theory of government that
capital should govern. How do they secure
this? By giving no compensation to mem-
bers of Parliament. A poor man cannot go
to Parliament. He might get the votes, but
his family would starve while he was perform-
ing his office. The House of Commons is the
richest body of men in England.
There is one department of the British mon-
archy, the judiciary, which is designed to be
opened to merit with wealth or without wealth,
and there they pay four times as much salary as
we pay to our judges in this country. The real
principle involved in the question of compen-
sation or no compensation is this : shall men
of intellect and character be excluded from
the Government if they are poor? In other
words, shall our Government be republican,
representing and administered by the people
rich and poor, or shall it become a Govern-
ment for the rich and be administered only by
rich men ?
The most perfect equality between the sons
of the rich and the sons of the poor that I
ever saw was in the Military Academy at
West Point twenty-five years ago. The pay
of every cadet was the same, and no cadet
was allowed to receive a cent from any relative
or source whatever except the Government.
He was credited with his pay, and charged
with the things he was permitted to buy. I
was there two years, and the only cent of
money I saw during that time was a ten-cent
picce that I picked up on the pavement one
morning. As I could not spend it, I threw it
into my trunk, and it remained there, till I
went on furlough. The result of that system
was that merit, industry, brains alone de-
termined the standing of a cadet. And not
unfrequently the cadet who graduated at the
head of his class was the son of a poor and
obscure man.
Increase the pay of members of Congress so
as to pay the reasonable expense of living and
a fair compensation for the labor we perform
and you open Congress to brains. Reduce the
pay and you open it* to men of wealth. Men
will fill these seats not for what they are, but
for what they have. The rich will run the
Government without pay in the form of salary.
Then will be realized the old idea of the rich
taking care of the poor; taking care of them
as the wolf takes care of the lamb.
Mr. FLANAGAN. Mr. President, I am
not afraid to avow my sentiments on this occa-
sion, and I will commence by saying that the
architect, mechanic, or whatever title you may
please to accord to him, the Carpenter of the
Sen-ate cannot erect this proud edifice unless
some of us come up to furnish the material
for him to build with. Therefore I propose
for one to come up and support his doctrine
and aid him to carry out this grand project.
It is correct. Have we a precedent for it?
In our early history what was received by
members of Congress? I recollect that proud
champion of internal improvements and of
everything that pertained to the great princi-
ples that governed at that day, Henry Clay,
was denounced for voting to raise the salary
of members of Congress, I believe, to eight
dollars a day. Some old friend and neighbor
of his had declared that he would not support
him again for Congress. Clay shortly after-
ward met him and shook hands with him, and
he said to Mr. Clay he was very sorry indeed
he had given the vote he had if it was cor-
rectly reported. Mr. Clay said that it was
correctly reported. "Well," said he, " I am
sorry to say I never can vote for you again."
Mr. Clay said to him: " yon have a rifle which
you think a great deal of; it has brought you
down many fine bucks in the woods." " Yes,
sir." "Well," said Mr. Clay, "if you were
to raise it up and take aim for a fine chanee
and it was to snap, what would you do with
it ? Would you break it against the first tree ?
" No, sir ;" was the reply. "I would pick the
flint and try it again ; and I will vote for you
again, Harry." [Laughter.] That was the
result
So it will be now. The intelligent people
of the nation at this day do not expect their
Representatives to represent them and to do
it in penury. It is true that there are million-
aires in this Chamber and in the other. I do
not regret that they are so ; I wish all of us
were. I have no objection to that. But I
think the salaries ought to be raised. It is a
disgrace to this great and powerful nation that
the President of the United States only re-
ceives $25,000. He ought to receive $100,000,
and I would willingly vote for it now. I agree,
however, with my honorable friend from Wis-
, consin that the salaries of members-of Con-
