1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1085
of the United States Senate, by you referred to this
office on the 24th of the same. In answer thereto I
have to state that from the books of this office it
appears:
1. That there has been paid to the State of Mis-
sissippi, at the rate of five per cent, on $7,242,01429,
the net proceeds of the sales up to the 1st of January,
1859, of 5,912,664.13 acres in the Choctaw cession of
1830. the sum of $362,100 70. The inquiry in Senator
Sebastian's letter is so comprehensive that it may be
proper to add:
2. That there are 282,954.88 acres embraced as per-
manent Indian reserves in said cession, upon which
a percentage is required by the act of March 3,1857,
rating the lands at $1 25 per acre, has been paid to
the State, amounting to §10,610 80.
3. And likewise upon Choctaw scrip that has been
issued, equal to 169,402 acres, valued in like manner,
there has been paid $10,588 62.
The foregoing is not strictly the result of an ad-
justed account, but is based upon such an invest-
igation as to render it substantially correct.
I am. sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,
JOSEPH S. WILSON,
Commissioner.
Hon. Jacob Thompson, Secretary of the Interior.
Mr. SARGENT. I now call for the pre-
vious question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered, which was upon agree-
ing to the report of the committee of con-
ference.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
sixty-eight, noes not counted.
So the report was adopted.
Mr. SARGENT moved to reconsider the
vote by which the report was adopted; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
BANKRUPT LAW.
The SPEAKER. The Chair announces the
following as managers of the conference on
the part of the House on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses on the bill in relation to the
bankrupt law : Mr. Butler of Massachusetts,
Mr. Petees of Maine, and Mr. Potter of
New York.
MORNING HOUR.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I demand the
regular order of business.
The SPEAKER. The morninghour begins
at four minutes to two o'clock, and reports are
in order from the Committee on Revolutionary
Pensions and War of 1812.
SOLDIERS OJF WAR OF 1812.
Mr. WILLARD, from the Committee on
Revolutionary Pensions and War of 1812,
reported a bill (H. R. No. 3795) in amend-
ment of an act granting pensions to the sur-
vivors of the war of 1812, approved February
14, 1871, and for other purposes ; which was
read a first and second time._
The bill, which was read, in the first section
reDeals so much of section one of an act grant-
ing pensions to the surviving soldiers of the
war of 1812, approved February 14, 1871, as
provides that applicants for pension under
that act shall take and subscribe an oath to
support the Constitution of the United States,
and all applications for action under the act
heretofore made, or which may be hereafter
made, shall be considered and decided by
the Secretary of the Interior as they would
be decided if the part of the act repealed had
not been contained in the act of February 14,
1871.
The second section provides that the sur-
viving widow of any pensioner of the war of
1812, where the name of the pensioner was
stricken from the pension-roll in pursuance
of the act authorizing the Secretary of the
Interior to strike from the rolls the names^ of
such persons as have taken up^ arms against
the Government, or who have in any manner
encouraged the rebels, approved February 4,
1862, and where the pensioner died without
his name being restored to the roll, shall, on
proof satisfactory to the Secretary of the In-
terior that such pensioner did not take up arms
against the Government or in any manner
encourage the rebels, be entitled to arrearages
of pension at the time of his decease, and in
case there is no surviving widow, then the
arrearages of pension, shall, on similar proof,
go to the minor children of the pensioner, and
in case there are no minor children, then the
arrearages of pension shall, on similar proof,
go to the heirs or legal representatives of the
pensioner.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it
was accordingly read the third time, and
Mr. WILLARD moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PENSIONERS OF WAR OF 1812
Mr. WILLARD. I have received from the
Commissioner of Pensions a letter drawing
attention to some statements made in debate
when the Committee on Revolutionary Pen-
sions and War of 1812 had the floor on Thurs-
day last, which I ask be ordered to be printed
in the Globe.
There was no objection, and it was ordered
accordingly.
The letter is as follows:
Department of the Interior,
Pension Office,
Washin&ton, D. C., February 1,1873.
Sir: In perusing the debate in the House of
Representatives on the 31st instant upon the bill
reported by Mr. Willard, of Vermon t, from the Com-
mittee on Revolutionary Pensions and War of 1812,
restoring the names of certain persons to the pension
roll and unending the aet of February 14, 1871, I
notice errors of fact which I deem proper to correct,
and have the honor to state as follows:
The committee haying the subject under consider-
ation have wrongly construed my letter of January
14, 1872, in that the statement contained therein
relates not only to those who were pensioned for
services in the war of 1812, but also includes all
others pensioned under acts prior to that of July
14, 1862. It is probable that a large majority of
those dropped, as therein stated, were soldiers of the
Mexican and Indian wars, though I am unable with-
out considerable research to state the ezact number.
It will be observed, then, that the firstseetion of the
bill referred to will restore but a small number of
names, instead of five hundred and fifty as stated in
the remarks of the chairman of the committee.
It appears that the gentlemen participating in the
discussion were in doubt as to the practice of this
office relative to the payment of moneys in case
restored to the rolls upon proof of loyalty.
I desire to state that in all such cases payment is
made from the date of the last payment to the pen-
sioner, and that this is in accordance with the
opinion of Attorney General Speed in the case of
Hiram Saul. (See Opinion of the Attorney General,
vol, 11, p. 442.) .
It has been held by this Department that theright
to apply for restoration to the rolls in the eases in
question is a personal one, and cannot be exercised
by the widow or the representatives of a soldier
who died without having filed such an application.
While upon the subject of this class of pensions I
desire to ask your attention to the limitation in the
first section of the act o£ February 14,1871, to those
"whoshall take and subscribe an oath to support
the Constitution of the United States." This re-
striction denies pensions to foreigners, and those
who have since become subjects of foreign Powers,
who voluntarily rendered us aid in the war of 1812;
to Indians, of whom there were many, whose services
as scouts and as soldiers were of value, and some
others who areineompetentthrough various reasons
(insanity, <fec.) to promise future allegiance to the
United States.
It is a provision peculiar to this aet, ana I respect-
fully suggest the propriety of its repeal, under the
belief that it was inserted with reterenee to those
who reside in the States formerly in rebellion rather
than to exclude the classes to which I refer.
Very respectfully, J. H. BAKER,
(Jomniiubioner,
Hon. C. W. Willard, Chairman Committee on Revo-
lutionary Pensions and War of 1812.
EMILY BOOTH.
Mr. MOORE, from the Committee on In-
valid Pensions, reported a bill (H. R. No.
3796) granting a pension to Emily Booth ;
which was read a first and second time.
The bill directs the Secretaty of the Interior
to place upon the pension-roll, subject to the
provisions and limitations of the pension laws,
the name of Emily Booth, widow of George
F. Booth, late a private in company A eight-
eenth regiment Massachusetts volunteers, from
and after the passage of this act, during her
widowhood.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time: and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. MOORE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ABA LOIS HARRISON.
Mr. MOORE, also, from the same com-
mittee, reported a bill (H. R. No. 3797) grant-
ing a pension to Ada Lois Harrison ; which
was read a first and second time.
The bill, which was read, authorizes and
directs the Secretary of the Interior to place
on the pension-roll, subject to the provisions
and limitations of the pension laws, the name
of Ada Lois Harrison, only minor child of
Samuel Harrison, late a private of company
I eighty-ninth Indiana volunteers.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. MOORE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
JAMES A. SANDERS.
Mr. MOORE also, from the same commit-
tee, reported a bill (H. R. No. 3798) granting
a pension to James A. Sanders ; which was
read a first and second time.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior
to place on the pension-roll, subject to the pro-
visions and limitations of the pension laws,
the name of James A. Sanders, late a private
in company K thirty-first regiment Illinois
volunteers, the pension to commence from the
passage of the act.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. MOORE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ANTOINE BROSSA.
Mr. MOORE also, from the same commit-
tee, reported a bili (H. R. No. 3799) granting
a pension to Antoine Brossa; which was read
a first and second time.
The bill, which was read, authorizes and
directs the Secretary of the Interior to place
on the pension-roll, subject to the provisions
and limitations of the pension laws, the name
of Antoine Brossa, late a private in company
I eighty-third regiment New York volunteers,
to take effect from the date of the passage of
the act.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. MOORE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
JOB s. GOFF.
Mr MOORE also, from the same commit-
tee, reported a bill (H. R. No. 3800) granting
a pension to Job S. Goff; which was read a
first and second time.
The bill, which was read, authorizes and
directs the Secretary of the Interior to place
on the pension-roll, subject to the provisions
and limitations of the pension laws, the name
of Job S. Goff, late a private in company II
forty-second Ohio volunteers, to take effect
from the passage of the act.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. MOORE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
