1086
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 4,
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
mary e. fosti5k.
Mr. MOORE also, from the same commit-
tee, reported a bill (H. R. No. 3801) granting
a pension to Mary E. Foster; which was read
a first and second time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill, which was read, directs the Secre-
tary of the Interior to place on the pension-
roll, subject to the limitations and provisions
of the pension laws, the name of Mary E. Pos-
ter, .widow of James Foster, late a private in
company K sixth regiment Missouri State
militia cavalry volunteers.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. MOORE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
OBADfAH VV'trrSTON.
Mr. MOORE also, from the same commit-
tee, reported a bill (H. R. No. 3802) granting
a pension to Obadiah Whiston, &e.; which
was read a first and second time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill, which was read, directs the Secre-
tary of the Interior to place upon the pension-
roll, subject to the limitations and provisions
of the pension laws, the name of Obadiah
Whiston, father of Ellery C. Whiston, late a
private in company B fourth regiment New
York volunteers, and pay him a pension from
the passage of the act.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. MOORE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
BENJAMIN F. BERKLEY.
Mr. MOORE also, from the same commit-
tee, reported back, with the recommendation
that it do pass, the bill (H. R. No. 1019) grant-
ing^ pension to Benjamin F. Berkley.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill was read. It directs the Secretary
of the Interior to place upon the pension-roll,
subject to the limitations and provisions of the
pension laws, the name of Benjamin F. Berk-"
ley, first lieutenant company O seventh regi-
ment Illinois cavalry volunteers, and pay him
a pension from the passage of the act.
Mr. HOLMAN. I hope the report in that
case will be read.
The report was read, from which it appears
that, the claim of Lieutenant Berkley for a pen-
sion was rejected at the Pension Office, under
section six of the act of July 4, 1864, the War
department not furnishing satisfactory evi-
dence as to the disability. The trouble arose
from a mistake on the part of the surgeon to
state correctly the nature of the disease in
which the disability originated. There is
abundant evidence of this fact, but it is of no
rhela°pstonrmeUadereXi8ting laW' °wing t0
,.„T)h6 0rderJe<? t0 be engrossed and
lead a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accmding y read the third time, and passed.
Iw IV" t £ iB moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
table m0tl0n t0 reconsider be laid on the
The latter motion was agreed to.
jailes u. bates.
Mr. MOORE also, from the same commit-
tee, reported a bill (II. R. No. 3803) granting
a pension to James C. Bates, of Indiana
which was read a first and second time.
The question was upon ordering the bill
to be engrossed and read a third time.
.The bill was read. It directs the Secre-
tary of the Interior to place apoa the pen-
sion-roll, subject to the limitations and pro-
visions of the pension laws, the name of
James C. Bates, of Farmland, Indiana, late a
sergeant in company I, commanded by Capta:n
John A. Hunt, belonging to a regiment known
as the Indiana legion, and pay him a pension
at the rate of eighteen dollars per month from
the passage of the act.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. MOORE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
mary e. grosvenor.
Mr. MOORE also, from the same commit-
tee, reported back, with the recommendation
that it do pass, the bill (H. R. No. 3559)
granting a pension to Mary E. Grosvenor.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill was read. It directs that there be
placed oil the pension-roll the name of Mary
E. Grosvenor, widow of Thomas W. Gros-
venor, deceased, late lieutenant colonel of the
twelfth regiment Illinois cavalry volunteers.
Mr. MOORE. It is proper that I should
make some little explanation of this bill. This
is an application 1'or a pension to the widow
of Colonel Grosvenor, who was killed shortly
after the late fire in Chicago under circum-
stances well known to every body here and to
the country. He was a pensioner of the Gov-
ernment at the time of his death. The peti-
tioner asks to have the privilege of drawing
his pension. The case is a little irregular, as
members of the House will see, as the soldier
did not die of disease contracted or wounds
received while in the service, but from a cas-
ualty that was very peculiar. Under all the
circumstances surrounding the case, the com-
mittee was disposed to report favorably, and
to recommend that the widow of this unfor-
tunate man should be permitted to draw the
pension which he was entitled to draw at the
time he was kilted. He was killed by one of
the members of a certain regiment organized
under the command of General Sheridan, and
then on duty in the city of Chicago. The fact
of its organization was reported to the Adju-
tant General of the Army here, and it was a
regular organization in all respects so far as
military order was concerned.
Mr. HOLMAN. I am very glad that the
chairman of the Committee on Invalid Pen-
sions [Mr. Moore] has made this statement,
lhis case is certainly an extraordinary one.
I think if the same obligation rests upon the
Government in reference to this as to all its
other obligations, a bill like this should not
pass. But I think the Government has not
been, and perhaps cannot be, too liberal to
 en who have imperiled their lives in the
defense of their country. Under these cir-
cumstances, and under the very peculiar cir-
cumstances under which the death of this
officer occurred, there can be no dangerous
precedent established by the passage of this
bill, as the circumstances of his death con-
nected himself at the time with military duty
I clearly distinguish this case from any attempt
to put Civilians on the pension-roll. While I
would resist any attempt to create a civil pen-
sion list, 1 distinguish this from that class of
cases, and think there can be uo impropriety
iu passing this bill.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
lira residing; and being engiossed, it was
S NIOOK& the *lrd time' au<i ^assed"
aluURk moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that "the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
enrolled bills signed.
Mr. BUCKLEY, from the Committee on
Enrolled Bills, reported they had examined
and found truly enrolled bills of the following
titles; when the Speaker signed the same :
An act (S. No. 885) to reimburse George S.
Fisher for losses sustained in the building and
burning up of the consulate of the United
States at Kanagawa, Japan, November 26,
1866;
An act (S. No. 1317) to provide for the hold-
ing of additional terms of the eircut court of
the United States for the southern district of
New York;
An act (H. R. No. 2509) granting a pension
to Mary E. Snively and Mavilla S. Snively; and
An act (H. R. No. 3617) making an appro-
priation to defray the expenses of the American
and British claims commission, and for other
purposes.
REVENUE MARINE.
Mr. MOORE, from the Committee on In-
valid Pensions, reported a bill (H. R. No.
3804) for the relief of the officers and seamen
of the revenue marine; which was read a first
and second time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed, and read a third time.
The bill, which was read, provides that
existing laws granting pensions to officers and
seamen of the United States Navy and of the
Marine corps shall hereafter be so construed
as to apply to officers and seamen of the reve-
nue marine.
Mr. HOLMAN. I think this is a bill to
provide a civil pension list. It seems to be a
general bill, and therefore I must object to it.
Mr. MOORE. I am reporting under a pub-
lic call of committees.
Mr. HOLMAN. I was mistaken ; I had at
first supposed that this was a call for bills of
a private nature.
The question was then taken on ordering
theJaill to be engrossed and read a third time;
and upon a division there were—ayes 35, noes
10; no quorum voting.
Mr. POTTER. I think we ought to have
some explanation of this bill before we vote
upon it.
Mr. MOORE. I will explain to the gentle-
man. I suppose it is known to all the mem-
bers of the House that the Secretary of the
Treasury has earnestly recommended that the
officers and soldiers of the revenue marine
should be provided for by retiring officer*, upon
the same plan adopted in the Navy, and by
giving pensions to the officers and seamen.
I hey are regularly taken into the Government
service, are constantly exposed upon the high
seas, and in fact have no other avocation after
they have thus gone into the service. Their
whole life is a scene of perpetual exposure;
they are the perpetual servants of the Govern
ment, the same as officers of the Navy. The
men in thfi employ of the Government in the
revenue^ marine are as much in the service and
under tne control of the Government as the
Marine corps, and are as much exposed to the
penis of the service. When I saw that rec-
ommendation of the Secretary of the Treasury
I thought it was eminently just that these men
should receive the same treatment from the
Government as the officers and seamen of the
•Navy and Marine corps. It is a subject which
every member of Congress understands just
as well as I do. I brought it before the com-
mittee, and the committee instructed me to
present the bill to the House. I ask that it
be put upon its passage, for I believe it is just
and proper. J
Mr. HOLMAN. How does the gentleman
from Illinois [JL. .Moore] distinguish between
these employes and other emplov6s of the
Government? *
