1873.
TEE OONGEISSIOKAL GLOBE,
2047
fixed by law. Good men will continue to seek
them. No better tneft will seek tii c 111 if you
double the salaries now of at any other time
hereafter.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question ia
on the amendment of the Senator from Ver-
mont to theamendment to strike out all of the
House-amendment escept that which increases
the Salary of the President.
Mb. EDMUNDS called for the yeas and
nays, ahd they were ordered.
Mr. HOWE. If the Senate will indulge
me, I will not Spend five minutes in saying
why I-am going to vote for the motion of the
Senator from Vermont. He himself has stated
the principal reason which will control him,
and that is that there is a necessity for acting
upon that one salary now or We must postpone
acting upon it for four years. In that respect
it is exceptional; no other salary is like it. I
admit that other salaries ought to be increased,
but we can increase them at a proper time. I
do not admit that there is any sort of import-
ance, or that there can be any justification in
such an increase of many of the Salaries as
are proposed in the pending amendment. For
instance, it is of no sort of consequence to a
member of the Cabinet to have his salary in-
creased $2,000. He can live like a clerk on
S>8;000, and he cannot live like anything else
on $10,000. If you are to increase their sala-
ries at all, you want at least to double them,
or very nearly double them. Nothing short
of that will be compensation for their services.
And the same remark is true of members of
Congress. I agree entirely with what was said
by my friend from Illinois, [Mr. Losan.] It
is not of the slightest consequence to a mem-
ber of Congress, no matter how poor he may
be, whether his salary is $5,000 or $6,500.
An additional $1,500 given to us to disburse
among the boarding-houses in Washington is
not anything."' It is not equal to a very slight
shower in a very dry time; it Evaporates in
a moment. We can live; we have lived on
our present salary. Whenever the country
is prepared to pay us for ottr services, then 1
think it will bo time enough to put our services
at what they ought tobe; but I certainly can-
not favor any such increase as is proposed
in this bill. I think we had better postpone
the consideration of every salary except that
of the President until some time when we can
consider them fairly and make a proper adjust-
ment of them.
Mr. SCOTT. On this" question I am faired
with the Senator from Florida, [Mr. Osboek.]
If he were present he would vote ''yea" and
1 should vote "nay."
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 20, nays 38 ; as follows:
YEAS —Messrs. Boreman, Buckingham, Cald-
well, Casserly, Chandler, Cole, Corbett, Cragin, Ed-
munds, Freli&ghuysen, Hamlin, Harlan,Howe, Mor-
rill of Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Pratt, Sherman,
Thurraan, Wilson, and Wright-—20.
iS'A 5TB — Messrs. Ames, Bayard, Blair, Brownlow,
Cameron, Carpenter, Clayton, Conkling, Cooper,
Davis,-Peaton, Ferry of Michigan, iUanagan, Gil-
bert, Goldthwaite, Hamilton of Maryland. Hamil-
ton of Texas, Mill, Kelly, Lewis, Logan, Machen,
Morton, Norwood, Nye, Pool, Ramsey, Ransom,
Kice, Robertson, Sawyer, Sehuru, Spencer, Steven-
sou, Stewart. Trumbull, Vickers, and West—38.
ABSENT—Messrs. Alcorn, Anthony, i'erry of Con-
necticut, Hitehoock, Johnston, Osborn, Patterson,
Pomeroy, Saulsbury. Soott, Sprague, Stockton, Sum-
ner, Tipton, and Windom—15.
Mr. HILL addressed the Chair.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
is reporting the amendments.
Mr. SHERMAN. I call for a separate vote
on the amendment sis a whole.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Maine moved a non-concurrence in all
the amendments of the House. The Senator
from Ohio demands a separate vote on this
amendment, and the question will be taken on
concurring, which is the converse of non-con-
currence.
Mr. MORTON. I move to strike out so
much of this amendment as refers to Senators
and Representatives in Congress and Dele-
gates from the Territories. If I am to have
the name of having my Balary increased I
want it substantially increased ; I want it in-
creased in such a way as to amount to gome-
thing. The increase here, giving $8,500 for
salary in lieu of mileage, stationery, and news-
papers, would be an increase to tag of about
$800. I prefer to let it stand as it is rather
than to have such a change as that makes.
Everybody who knows anything about the
cost of living in this city knows that there are
but very few members of Congress who can'
save $500 a year from their salary. I do
not believe there are twenty members of
this body who can save fifty dollars a month
from their salary during the session of Con-
gress, while many of them spend the whole of
it, and some two or three times the amount.
Most members of Congress who board at
hotels in this city are paying from three to-
six hundred dollars a month for the board
of themselves and families. You can get
board at some boarding-houses in some parts
of town much cheaper, but your friends cannot
find you there when they come here; those'
who have business with you have difficulty in'
finding you, and if they find you perhaps you
would not want to' be found there. [Laughter. ]
If you are to go to a place where you can be
readily found and where you can receive your
friends, those who have business With J'ou, and
your constituents who come from their homes
either for business or pleasure, it will cost you
from three to six hundred dollars a month, if
you have your family with you, and we all
know it.
Mr. President, if we are to increase our'
salaries let us make it a substantial and reason-
able increase. I prefer to leave this question
to some future session of Congress.
Mr. CARPENTER. Will my friend allow
me to ask him a question ?
Mr. MORTON. Certainly.
Mr. CARPENTER. If we do not concur
in the motion made by him and this matter
goes to a committee of conference, will they not'
have power to report back a larger salary or a
smaller one as they please?
Mr. MORTON. Yes; but I do not believe
they will do it.
Mr. CARPENTER. Let us trust them.
The Senator thinks they ought to, and I think
they ought too.
Mr. HILL. Allow me to make a sugges-
tion to the Senator from Indiana, and that is
that he move to strike out the amount named
in the House amendment and insert an amount
that he thinks would be respectable, say
$7,500, or something like that.
Mr. MORTON. Ido not wish to vote upon
the question of the salaries of members of
Congress at this session at all. I do not think
it is a good time to consider the question.
Mr. LOGAN. Then do not let us consider
any of them.
Mr. MORTON. Oh, yes: I hope we shall
increase the salary of the President anyhow.
If that is not done within two days, it cannot
be done for four years, under the Constitution ;
but we can act in regard to the rest of them at
the nest session of Congress.
Mr. HILL. Would it be in order, I inquire
of the Chair, to move to amend the amendment
offered by the Senator from Indiana ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It would be.
Mr. HILL. I propose to amend it by insert-
ing in lieu of $6,500, $7,500.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Indiana has moved to amend the House
amendment If his motion should prevail to
strike out the Senators' and Representatives'
increased salary, the Senator from Georgia
can then move to add Senators, Represent-
atives, and Delegates at any salary he may
see fit to propose.
Mr. HILL. Very well, sir.
Mr. CAMERON. Mr. President, it seems
to me that the argument of my friend from
Indiana is not logical. Her says that he will
not increase' salaries now,
Mr.. MORTON. I said for members of
Congress. , . . ..  
Mr. CAMERON. Well,- for members of>
Congress. I ought to have said that. I. .under-
stand that ia the. total there.is no increase/
but that the sum we shall pay to all the mem-,
hers of Congress when it comesto.be summed;
up together will not average-more than $6,500
apiece. Why should a man living in Califor-;
nia get $2,500 more than one living, in New
York, whose expenses in coming here ido no
amount to fifty, dollars more, perhaps ?
Mr, COLE, He gets only between twelve
and thirteen hundred dollars, about half the
amount.
Mr. CAMERON. How much from Ore-
gon?
Mr. CORBETT. About $1,600.
• Mr. CAMERON. Very well, I understand
the average will be about the same, and the
same arguments will apply to a member of.
Congress and Cabinet officers that does to the
President. As an instance, a member of the
Cabinet now lives in the house I occupied
when I filled a place in the Cabinet. When
I occupied the house now occupied by the
Secretary of ;State, 1 had the furniture and
the house for $100 a month. Now he pays
$6,000 a year rent for the same house without
furniture. This shows how expenses have
increased in this city. -If we equalize this
matter of members of Congress by giving them
each the same amount of money, and no ex-,
tras, we shall have no grumbling; we shall
have no slang charges in the papers, about
newspapers and stationery and postage. It
seems to me if you raise the salary of the
President, which I am in favor of doing, you
ought to raise all the others. There is not a
bit more reason why the President should
have his salary doubled than why a member
of Congress should have enough to pay his
expenses. To me it is of no account, but to
many other gentlemen it is, and to a great
many it is a very important matter that they
should have enough to pay their expenses.
Mr, CORBETT. My objection to this meas-
ure is that stated by the Senator from Illinois,
[Mr. Logan.] If I am going to vote for an
increase of salary, I should like to have it
sufficient to make it an increase aud not a
decrease. In the case of those from the Pacific
coast this is a reduced salary.. My friend from
Pennsylvania says, why-should the. man from
California receive more than a man residing
nearer? I think there is a very good reason.
When a member lives at the distance of Cali-
fornia from the seat of Government it is
impossible for him to attend to his business.
Saying nothing of my 'own case, I know others
from the Pacific coast who leave their business
entirely and come here to attend to the public
business. They have to leave everything there
and cannot return to supervise or look after
business. -They ought to have something to
compensate them for it. Those living nearer
can return to their homes and supervise their
business to some extent. Those living at a
greater distance are compensated to some ex-
tent by the mileage; but of course their ex-
penses are greater. I am opposed to this
measure, and in! opposing it I am not repre-
senting myself but those who are to come
after me. I represent those that are to take
my place, and this decreases their salary.
Therefore, I do not think it a fair bill.
Besides, I am opposed to this because it
does hot increase the salaries of the district
judges through the country. I know of district
judges who are receiving but $3,500 a year
who ought to receive at least §5,000 ; and if
we cannot provide for the judiciary of this
country by giving them respectable salaries in
order that they may maintain themselves in
their-integrity and place them beyond want
and temptation, I think we had better not vote
ourselves salaries.
