1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2049
As to the question of salaries, my views 011
that subject are too well understood to need to
be repeated at this time. I believe that mem-
bers of Congress and other officers who have
to spend their time here should be paid suf-
ficient to support an economical family. I
do not pretend to say that they should be
paid the amount that will support a family in
luxury, but what any fair-minded man would
say was an economical style of living. That
amount at least should be paid. If they are
willing to work for nothing but a support, I
think that they should have a reasonable sup-
port. It should be enough to support them
comfortably in Washington. Five thousand
dollars will not do that. Take the expense of
any member of Congress that lives with a
family in the most' economical style here, and
he cannot live on his $5,000. 1 believe that
is the universal experience, and it should be
investigated, and that amount should be ascer-
tained which will be a reasonable support for
a member of Congress the year round, and
he should be paid that much. That is rea-
sonable and sensible if you are to pay any-
thing. If you adopt the theory of paying
anything that much should be paid. Other-
wise adopt the theory of paying nothing and
let only those come who are able to support
themselves and work for nothing. One of
these two theories should be adopted, and it,
should be placed on that basis. I say $5,000
will not do it, and if any one believes it will,
let him try it.
Mr. CORBETT. It seems to me that by
the equalization suggested bytheSenatorfrom
Nevada, a person residing within a few miles
of Washington would receive the same amount
in compensation and mileage as a man who
resides in California or Oregon, who would be
compelled to pay five or six hundred dollars a
year more than the man that lives within a few
miles of the city of Washington.
Mr. CONKLING. Will my friend allow
me to ask him a question?
Mr. CORBETT. Yes, sir.
Mr. CONKLING. He seems to make out
the point of mileage in behalf of distant Sena-
tors. He lives in Oregon. May I ask him
how much it costs him in truth and in fact to
come from where he lives to Washington and
return from Washington to his home.
Mr. CORBE'GT. I cannot say. I think the
cost is in the neighborhood of $600. I think
that the mileage should perhaps be reduced
to half the amount now provided, an amount
which would just about cover the expenses.
Mr. CONKLING. I understand my friend
to include in that, fare on the railroad and
everything involved ?
Mr. CORBETT. Yes, sir.
Mr. CONKLING. If I may make a remark
in the time of the Senator, whatever else may
be said about mileage or about salaries I am
free to avow an entire want of sympathy with
the idea that gentlemen who have as a rule
railroad passes and come over long lines with-
out any appreciable expense at all should be
paid one or two thousand dollars more than
Senators who do not come so far.
Mr. CORBETT. My friend from New York
I suppose judges others by himself. I am not
denying that in some instances I have been
tendered railroad passes; while in others
where I have not been I have paid my fare.
When they have been tendered to me as com-
plimentary, I have received them. I suppose
it is the caae with other gentlemen.
Mr. NYE. Let me suggest the honorable
Senator that he remind the Senator from New
Yoik that before this railroad was finished we
had to make the voyage of five thousand miles,
daring the dangers of both Oceans and battling
the malaria on the Isthmus.
Mr. CONKLING. And if 1 may remind my
friend from Nevada, when mileage was fixed
the wen who came from New England rode
in a stage coach two weeks or something like
that, and they braved the dangers oi a very
•4'il' OuNtf, ;>!> Si-;ss. --Mo.
uncomfortable journey ; but I was not speak-
ing of the time when Senators went by water
and across the Isthmus and came up. I am
speaking of the time when Senators cross •the
continent in five days, and as I am told by
members of both Houses themselves, by the
courtesy of the roads over which they travel.
Mr. NYE. That is not so in all cases. That
road has been built only four or five years.
Mr. CORBETT. My time isabout expiring.
Therefore I am not speaking particularly for
myself in this matter, but I speak of the justice
of this toward those living a great way o£F who
come here a great distance from their homes,
who are obliged to bring their families here
and establish them and make a home, whereas
those who are living very near their homes can
return every Saturday night. It is known by
every one living at a great distance from here
that it is a great expense for them to leave
their business and establish themselves here
and not be able to return to their business. I
say that there is more difference between mem-
bers in that respect than the difference in mile-
age. The further a Senator or Member of
Congress lives from his place of business it
makes a greater difference than the difference
in mileage between those who live far away
and those who live nearer. Perhaps the mile-
age should be reduced to one half what it is
now. It was in former times forty cents a
mile; the mileage is not near as great as it
was at that time. I have no doubt that a
moderate allowance of ten cents a mile will
perhaps cover the actual expenses.
Mr. MORTON. It has been suggested by a
number of Senators that perhaps I had better
withdraw my amendment and let the whole
bill go to a committee of conference, and in
deference to their suggestions I do so.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Indiana withdraws his amendment.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I offer the following
amendment, to insert after the word "there-
for," in the provision for Senators, Repre-
sentatives, and Delegates, the following pro-
viso:
Provided, That the increase in the salaries of Sen-
ators, members, and Delegates in Congress shall
not take effect until on and after March 4, 1877.
I merely propose that so that we shall not
be charged with "voting ourselves a farm."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Connecticut.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. This whole
amendment rises in dignity to something more
than mere personal interest. I am ready to
admit that so far as the increase of salaries is
concerned, it does not amount to very much.
I suppose that the average mileage and our
stationery and our postage that we are hereafter
to pay will amount at least to nearly as much
as the proposed increase of salary; but I re-
member when we abolished the franking priv-
ilege it was distinctly understood and provided
| that we should not increase our pay in conse-
( quence of that act. I do not believe that any
j Senator will regard the abolition of the frank-
I ing privilege as any personal sacrifice, but
that he will cheerfully assume all the amount
of postage that will be devolved upon him for
the relief from labor in franking documents
that it will afford.
But, Mr. President, the question, as I said
at the outset, rises into something more than
what concerns immediately ourselves. Oar
forefathers established this Government 011 a
plain republican basis, and the question is
whether we shall secure a higher and better
class of Representatives and Senators by in-
creasing their pay. I doubt it. When it shall
degenerate to this, that men como here to ob-
tain a higher compensation than they can
secure at home, it seems to me that the ser-
vice that will be rendered will be unlikely to
bear a favorable comparison with the past. _
Mr. President, I know that it is a question
of some difficulty to properly adjust, and I am
ready to admit that the expenses here are
much greater than they ought to be. I live
here as economically as I know how, certainly
not as well as I do at my quiet home in Ver-
mont, and yet my salary will not pay my
expenses. But I believe we ought to set an
example of frugality at the capital of £>ur
country. I am not, therefore, prepared to vote
to increase our salaries at the present time.
Certainly it seems to me not only wrong in
itself but wholly inopportune, and I trust the
Senate will reach the same conclusion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. An-
thony in the chair.) The question is on the
amendment offered by the Senator from Con-
necticut.
The amendment was rejected. v
Mr. HILL. I now move to strike out the
word "six" where it occura in relation to the
proposed increase of salaries of Representa-
tives and Senators, and insert in lieu of it
"seven;" so as to read " $7,500 per annum."
Mr. LOGAN. I hope the Senator will with-
draw that.
Mr. HILL. It seems so hard to please
everybody here to-night that, like the Senator
from Indiana, having made the suggestion at
the request of a number of friends, 1 withdraw
the amendment.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I renew the motion made
by the Senator from Indiana, which he with-
drew, to strike out in this House amendment
all that relates to Senators and Members
of Congress, and Delegates, on which question
I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CAMERON. I do not know much
about the rules, but it seems to me that that
was the' very motion made by the Senator
from Indiana a while ago.
Mr. EDMUNDS. But he withdrew it, and
I renew it-
Mr. CAMERON. Very well; let us take
the yeas and nays without any talking.
Mr. SCOTT. I am paired with the Senator
from Florida, [Mr. Osborn.] If present he
would vote "nay" and I should vote "yea."
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 24, nays 36 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Boreman, Buckingham,
Casserly, Chandler; Cole, Corbett, Cragin, Edmunds,
Ferry of Michigan, Erelinghuyaen, Hamilton of
Maryland, Hamlin, Harlan, Howe. Morrill of
Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Morton, Pratt. Schurz,
Sherman, Thurman, Windoui, and Wright—24.
NAYS—Messrs. Alcorn, Ames, Blair, Brownlow,
Caldwell. Cameron, Carpenter, Clayton, Conkling,
Cooper, Davis, Fenton, Flanagan. Gilbert, Goldth-
waite, Hamilton of Texas, Hill, Kelly, Lewis,
Machen, Norwood. Nye, Pool. Ramsey, Ransom.
Eice, Robertson, Sawyer, Spencer, Stevenson,
Stewart, Stockton, Tipton, Trumbull, Tickers,
and West—36.
ABSENT—Messrs. Bayard, Ferry of Connecticut,
Hitchcock, Johnston, Logan, Osborn, Patterson,
Pomeroy, Saulsbury, Scott, Sprague, Sumner, and
"W ilson—13.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I move to strike
out all that part of the amendment which
relates to the clerks of the House of Repre-
sentatives and House committees; I have
marked it in the engrossed amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Maine moves to strike out all that
raises the compensation of the clerks of the
House of Representatives.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am so well satisfied
from the votes of the Senate that they are in
favor of this amendment, that I move that the
Senate concur in it, and we will try it that way.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Vermont moves that the Senate
concur with the amendment of the House.
Mr. LOGAN. Ail the amendments?
Mr. EDMUNDS. No, only the immediate
amendment now under consideration.
Mr. BAYARD. I move to amend the
amendment 
The PRESIDING OFFICER, That 13
first in oriler.
