2050
TBE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
Mr. BAYARD. After the specifications
of tbe salaries of the judges I move to insert
"judges of the Court of Claims, $8,000 per
annum."
Mr. President, 1 cannot imagine how it has
been that in providing, and very properly provid-
ing, for an advance of the salaries of the judges
of the Supreme Court an equally meritorious
class of men, those whose line of duty is upon
quite as high a grade, whose responsibilities
are just as great, requiring almost, if not quite
as high a degree of professional skill, as much
labor, and certainly as high moral qualifica-
tions, the judges of the Court of Claims should
have been entirely omitted. Their pay at pres-
ent is, I believe, $4,000 per annum. They are
eutitled, in my. opinion, to almost as high, if not
quite as high, a salary as the judges of the
Supreme Court. As I, said before, the grade
of the questions with which they are occupied
for a large portion of the year is quite as high
asthat of any of our judges. In every respect
this amendment offers a very moderate com-
pensation for one of the hardest worked and
most deserving classes of our public servants.
I hope there will be bo objection to this amend-
ment, but that it will be adopted without
dissent.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment offered by the Sen-
ator from Delaware.
The amendment was rejected, there being
on a division—ayes 21, noes 31.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion recurs on the motion of the Senator from
Vermont [Mr. Edmunds] to concur in the
amendment of the House of Representatives.
Mr. EDMUNDS." The amendment in which
I move to concur, as some gentleman asks, is
this very salary amendment. I make the
motion not because I am in favor of it. I am
entirely against it; but as the Senate has re-
fused to strike out the very part of it that
seemed most objectionable, I wish to have the
Senate brought to a direct vote on the ques-
tion of concurring so as not to mislead the
conferees of the House unless we want to con-
cur, and if we do we had better say so and not
mislead the conferees of the House from our
negative votes in refusing to strike out into
the idea that we are for the amendment.
Mr. CORBETT. I wish to offer an amend-
ment before that question is taken. I move
after the provision forjudges to insert:
The United States district judges shall hereafter
roceivo $5,000 per annum.
I offer this amendment in perfect good faith.
I believe that this class of public servants are
the most poorly paid of any class we have. I
know it is so in the district in which I live,
and I have made great efforts to increase the
salary of our district judge. I made an effort
some two years ago wherein I embraced all the
United States judges. Thf result was that the
judges in the District of Columbia were in-
creased, and the district judges over the
country left out. It was then proposed to in-
crease the salaries of the judges of the Court
of Claims, and that was discussed, and it was
also proposed to increase the judges of the
United States district courts, but they were
stricken out. Now I offer the amendment
again. I think while we are providing for
ourselves wo ought to provide for the judiciary,
;ind as that class of people cannot well enter
into other pursuits, and must provide for their
families, and lay up something for the future,
as they have no pensions after a certain ages
they ought to have sufficient salary that they
may lay by something for a rainy day. For that
reason I offer the amendment.
Mr. HAMLIN. I desire to ask the Senator
from Oregon if he will be kind enough to tell
 e what they pay the justices of the superior
court in Oregon.
Mr. CORBETT. I think about $3,000 in
coin.
Mr. HAMLIN. What is now paid to the
United States district judge?
paper
Mr. CORBETT. Thirty-five hundred dol-
lars in greenbacks.
Mr. HAMLIN. How much more does it
cost him to live than one of your supreme
judges?
Mr. CORBETT. I think it costs him con-
siderable. He resides at Portland, the chief
commercial city, where living is much more
expensive, and he has a large family and is a
very able judge. He has been called to San
Francisco, where he has presided with great
ability. I wish to have read an extract from
the San Francisco Bulletin, a leading paper
there that knows something of the ability
of the judge in that district. He has been
called to preside in San Francisco.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The
will be read if there be no objection.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I raise the
question of order on this amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
will state the point of order.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. It is .that it
increases the appropriation, no notice has
been given of it, and it has not been recom-
mended by any committee.
Mr. BOREMAN. And it is permanent
legislation.
Mr. CORBETT. I thought I had the floor.
I ask that the paper be read.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Oregon had the floor, but the Senator
from Maine raises a point of order.
Mr. CORBETT. I did not suppose he could
during the time I had the floor.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. A point of
order can be raised at any time.
Mr. CORBETT. I ask. that that paper be
read which I sent up.
The PESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
thinks the point of order of the Senator from
Maine is well taken, for the subsequent pro-
vision of the amendment is that the amount to
carry out the increased compensation is hereby
apprbpriated.
Mr. CORBETT. Was not the amendment
for the judges of the Court of Claims received ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That was
equally out of order, but the question was not
raised. The question is on the motion of the
Senator from Vermont, to concur in the amend-
ment of the House of Representatives.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland, called for
the yeas and nays; and they were ordered.
Mr. LOGAN. I wish to vote understand-
ing^. Is that motion in reference to Repre-
sentatives and Senators?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It includes
the whole amendment of the House of Repre-
sentatives.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The wholo amendment
about salaries which has been read; not all
the amendments to the bill, but this salary
question.
Mr. LOGAN. It is in reference to mem-
bers of Congress.
Mr. EDM UNDS. Itincludes those, and the
President, Vice President, judges, and certain
cl6r!ks
Mr. TRUMBULL. I understand this mo-
tion to be made with a view of preventing the
committee of conference from taking jurisdic-
tion of the subject. It is made by the Senator
from Vermont, not because he is going to vote
for it, for he is opposed to it; but with that
astuteness for whioh my friend is remarkable
he proposes to have the Senate adopt some-
thing that he is against.
Mr. EDMUNDS. No; I propose to have
them say whether they are for it or not.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I understood liim to
move it without being for it. I merely wanted
to state what I supposed the effect of it was.
Perhaps the best thing to do is to concur in
it. I do not know.
Mr. CONKLING. I think the Senator
from Illinois will not be able, even on this
motion, to concur in it. I make no point on
the Senator from Vermont making "a motion
which he announces he is opposed to himself;
but I should like to inquire of the Chair how
under our rule such a motion can be made as
I understand the Senator from Vermont to
mean. Here is one single amendment from
the House of Representatives which embraces
the President, Vice President, Cabinet, Con-
gress, under Secretaries, and a variety of offi-
cers, going down to clerks of a low grade.
The Senator from Vermont, if I understand
him, moves to concur in so much of the
amendment as relates to President and Vice
President and members of Congress.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That is not
the motion of the Senator from Vermont.
Mr, CONKLING. Then, I ask the Chair,
what is the motion 1
The PRESIDING OFFICER. To concur
in the whole amendment.
Mr. CONKLING. So I supposed ; but the
Senator from Vermont said a moment ago, as
I understood, that that was not the motion.
Then let us all understand that the motion of
the Senator from Vermont is to concur
with the House in fixing the salary of the
President and Vice President, in making the
salary of the Chief Justice of the Supreme
Court $10,500, the salary of each of the as-
sociatejudges $10,000, of the under Secretaries
$6,500, of the Cabinet officers $10,000, of the
Speaker of the House $10,000; and of specific
sums for various clerks of committees and
others, going down to superintendents of
laborers. If I apprehend the Chair aright, the
motion is to concur in all that.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
would not entertain a motion to concur in
part of the amendment.
Mr. CONKLING. I am opposed to con-
curring in this amendment, then.
Mr. EDMUNDS. So am I.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
understood the Senator from Vermont to move
to concur in the whole amendment.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Certainly, sir.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That is the
question before the Senate, upon which the
yeas and nays have been ordered.
Mr. CASSERLY. I heard the explanation
which the Senator from Vermont gave in
regard to his own purpose in offering this
motion. I understood him to say that the
object of it really was to prevent a disagree-
ment between the Senate and the House as to
this business of an increase of salaries, and
thus to deprive a conference committee of any
power to increase them. I am as much op-
posed as any one can be to the great powers
claimed and exercised, improperly as 1 think,
by committees of conference in really legis-
lating instead of simply reconciling differences
between the two Houses. The purpose of the
Senator from Vermont, however laudable in
itself, is however one which takes up too much
time to explain to the-common mind, and as I
am against this increase of salaries for the
most part, though not entirely, and have so
voted, not only to-night, but on a previous oc-
casion when the same question or part of it
was before the Senate, I shall not be able to
vote for the motion of the Senator from Ver-
mont to concur in this amendment. Were I
to do that, I should seem to stultify myself; I
should be voting against all the votes I have
thus far given at this session on this subject.
There are salaries in this amendment which I
think are not increased unduly. T speak now
more particularly of the Vice President, of the
Speaker of the House, of the judges of the
Supreme Court, and of the Secretary of the
Treasury, of State, and so on. There may be
some others that I do not now recall. 1 am
not in favor of the large increase of the salary
of the President, although the amendment pro-
vides that the $50,000 a year which shall be
paid to him shall be in full. I wonder it had
not added " in full of all mileage." Yet, sir,
I do not doubt that $50,000 paid to him will
bo an addition to certain additions to his salary
