120
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 11,
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is, shall the bill pass?
The bill was passed.
Mr. TIPTON subsequently said: I ask that
a motion be entered to reconsider the vote by
which the bill (S. No. 1059) authorizing a
settlement of the claim of the estate of the !
late Rear Admiral John A. Dahlgren was
passed.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That motion
will be entered. i
columbia college.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 957) supplemental to the act of Feb-
ruary 9, 1821, incorporating the Columbia
College in the District of Columbia, which was
considered by the Senate as iu Committee of ,
the Whole. The bill repeals so much of the '
act to incorporate the Columbia College, in
the District of Columbia, approved February
9, 1821, as limits the annual income of the
college to $25,000; and approves and con-
firms the act of the Legislative Assembly of j
the District of Columbia entitled " An act for
the relief of Columbia College," approved j
July 25, 1871. !
The bill was reported to the Senate without I
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a ■
third reading, read the third time, and passed, j
georgetown gas-light company. j
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill i
(S. No. 1016) to extend the works of the j
Georgetown Gas-Light Company, which was
considered by the Senate as in Committee of
the Whole. It proposes to extend the rights
and privileges granted by the act approved
July 20, 1854, entitled "An act to incorporate
the Georgetown Gas-Light Company," so as
to cover all the territory within the limits of
the District of Columbia lying on the western
side of Rock creek.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
unendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
• eading, read the third time, and passed.
defective titles.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(H. R. No. 1644) to cure defective titles in the
District of Columbia.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill. It provides that the title to all
real property lying and situate in the District
of Columbia which has vested in the United
States by escheat per defectum, sanguinis, iu
cases of persons heretofore held in slavery,
shall be vested in the children of such persons,
and in the descendants of such children, if
deceased ; and such children are hereby capa-
citated to inherit one from the other or others,
in the same manner and to the same extent as
if born in lawful wedlock.
The Committee on the District of Columbia
reported the bill with au amendment to insert
as an additional section the following:
Sec. 2. That before the United States shall be
divested of the title to any such property, the per-
sons claiming the same shall, after-due notice in one
of the daily newspapers published in the city of
Washington _ once a week for three weeks, giving
notice of their intention, make proof before a judge
of the supremo court of the District of Columbia of
their title to such property according to the provis-
ions of the first section of this act, and the judgment
ot the said j udge in favor of such claimants, describ- !
ing the property and course of descent, duly re-
corded among the records of the said court, shall be
evidence ot the title to such property in euoh per-
sons but any person feeling aggrieved by any such
decision may appeal to the supremo court of the
District of Columbia, whose judgment shall be final.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendment was concurred
in. It was ordered that the bill be engrossed
and read the third time. The bill was read thte
third time, and passed.
salaries of health board.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(H. R. No. 2332) to fix the salaries of the
members of the Board of Health of the Dis- I
trict of Columbia. j
The Chief Clerk read the bill; which pro- j
vides that the members of the Board of Health |
of the District of Columbia shall be paid a
salary of $2,000 each, aunually, and that the
salary of the persons now constituting the
board shall be paid from the date of their ap-
pointments, respectively.
Mr. DAVIS. Let that bill go over.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill
will be passed over.
Mr. PATTERSON. Let me say that an
estimate for this amount has already been
made by the Department and approved by the
Committee on Appropriations. I do sot see
what objection there eaa be.
Mr. DAVIS. I withdraw the objection.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objection
! to the consideration of the bill being with-
\ drawn, it is before the Senate as in Committee
! of the Whole.
J The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
, the third time, and passed.
i orkgon swamp lands.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
( (S. Ho. 383) extending the time for the selec-
tion of swamp and overflowed lands in Oregon
under the act of Congress approved March
12, 1860.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I should like
to inquire of the chairman or whoever reported
the bill whether this extends the time for a
further selection and location of swamp lands ?
I do not see the Senator from California [Mr.
Casserly] present. I know the Senator from j
Nevada takes an interest in this bill, and I 1
think it had better be passed over until he \
comes in.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill
will be passed over.
courts in indian territory.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(8. No. Q28) authorizing terms of the United
States district court to be held at Fort Gibson,
Indian territory.
Mr. POMEROY. I ask to have that bill
passed over, as there is another bill relating to
the same subject pending before the Senate,
and I prefer the other bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill
will be passed over.
kansas valley national bank.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 950) authorizing the Kansas Valley
National Bank of Topeka, in the State of
Kansas, to change its name to the First Na-
tional Bank of Topeka.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. This bill
was reported adversely by the Committee oil
Finance.
Mr. POMEROY. I move that it be recom-
mitted to the Committee on Finatice. There
was a misunderstanding about it when it was
reported.
The motion was agreed to.
edmund jus8kn.
The next bill on the Calendar was' the bill i
(S. No. 981) for the relief of Edmund Jus- I
sen. m
The bill w^s read. j
Mr. LOGAN. I offer as a substitute a 1
House bill precisely in the same language, ;
which has passed the House of Represents- ;
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen- |
ator from Illinois moves to amend the bill by
offering a substitute^ wbieh Will be reported. I
Mr. LOGAN. No; I ask that the House I
bill be taken up and passed in lieu of the Sen- '
ate hill. |
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen- '
ator from Illinois moves to lay aside the bill :
under consideration and proceed to the con- i>
sideration of the House bill indicated by him.
If there be no object on that will be done.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the -Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (H. R. No, 2291) for the relief
of Edmund Jussen. It authorizes the account-
ing officers of the Treasury to transfer any in-
debtedness in the revenue account of Edmund
Jusseu, late collector of internal revenue at
Chicao, Illinois, arising from the loss or de-
struction or non-taking of certain wareboune
bonds from the distillery of Haas & Powell
before the same was destroyed by tire, to the
revenue account of his successor in office.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
testimonials to diplomatic agents.
The next business on the Calendar was the
joint resolution (S. R. No. 6) permitting cer-
tain diplomatic and consular officers of the
United States in France to accept testimonials
from the emperor of Germany for their friendly
services to the subjects of the emperor during
the war between France and Germany; which
was read.
Mr. COLE. I do not like the language of
that: " any testimonial that may hereafter be
tendered" by the Government of Prussia. It
should be *' may have been tendered."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Secre-
tary will report the words in the bill.
The Chief Clerk. "Are hereby author-
ized to receive any testimonials that may bo
tendered them by his Majesty the emperor of
Germany."
Mr. BAYARD. Let the joint resolutiou
lie over.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will be
passed over, and the Secretary will report the
next bill.
8tbam mail bkrvick with cuba.
The next bill on the Calendar waa the bill
(S. No. 706) to authorize the continuance of
mail steamship service between the United
States and Cuba.
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut. I object to
the present consideration of the bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Being ob-
jected to, the bill will be passed over.
pa8sknger vessel law.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(H. R. No. 2186) to amend an act entitled
l<An act to regulate the carriage of passengers
in steamships and other vessels," approved
March 3, 1855.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I do not know
that I have any objection to the bill, but it
seems to me there ought to be some statement
as to how this aflfecis the original act.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill wus
reported from the Committee, ou Commerce
by the Senator from Oregon, [Mr. Corbett.]
Mr. CORBETT. Let it be passed over
informally.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill will
be passed over.
ira buck man, jr.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(H. R. No. 897) for the relief of Ira Buck-
man, jr.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. This bill
has been once indefinitely postponed by the
Senate and that vote reconsidered. If there
be no objection to its present consideration,
the bill will be read.
Mr. POMEROY. Is the question on the
reconsideration or the postponement ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the indefinite postponement of the
bill.
Mr. POMEROY. Let as take the vote ob
that question.
The bill was postponed indefinitely.
