1090
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 4,
ing a pension to Thomas R. Hardwiek; which
was read a first and second time.
The bill, which was read, authorizes and
directs the Secretary of the Interior to place
on. the pension-roll, subject to the provisions
and limitations of the pension laws, the name
of Thomas R. Hardwiek, late sergeant com-
pany E eighth regiment heavy cavalry New
York volunteers.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it
was accordingly read the third time, and
Mr. McJUNKIN moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table. •••>
The latter motion was agreed to.
mam mcllins.
Mr. McJUNKIN also, from the same com-
mittee, reported a bill (H. R. No. 3821) grant-
ing a pension to Mary Mullins; which was
read a first and second time.
The bill, which was read, directs the Secre-
tary of the Interior to place on the pension-
roll the name of Mary Mullins, widow of
Thomas Mullins, late private company B
first regiment Iowa cavalry volunteers, at the
rate of eight dollars per month.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. McJUNKIN moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
elizabeth I. scott.
Mr. McJUNKIN also, from the same com-
mittee, reported a bill (H. R. No. 3822) grant-
ing a pension to Elizabeth I. Scott; which was
read a first and second time.
The bill, which was read, authorizes and
directs the Secretary of the Interior to place
on the pension-roll, subject to the provisions
and limitations of the pension laws, the name
of Elizabeth I. Scott, widow of Daniel L.
Scott, late assistant surgeon United States
Army, and pay her a peusion at the rate of
twenty-live dollars a month from the 8th of
August, 18G5, deducting therefrom the amount
of pension she may have heretofore received.
Mr. HOLMAN. I hope the report will be
read.
The report was read.
Mr. HOLMAN. The facts in this case seem
to be that this party was a contract surgeon,
and his widow was pensioned at the rate of
seventeen dollars a month, a peusion to which
the widow of such an officer would be enti-
tled. And it is now proposed, since he per
formed the duties of surgeon instead of assist-
ant surgeon, that his widow shall receive the
increased pension of twenty-five dollars a
month, and it shall date back to the time the
original pension was granted. I submit to the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. McJunkis]
that this is one of a large class of eases, and
if it be right and proper that an officer who
performed^ the duties of a higher grade than
that to which he belonged should receive the
pay, or that his widow should receive the pen-
sion attaching to the higher grade, then the
law should be made uniform so as to apply
equally to all such cases. I admit that there is
a vast body of cases where you cannot adopt a
general rule. But here, it seems to me, you
could quite easily adopt a general rule, and it
seems manifestly unjust to select here and
there oases of persons who are able to come
to Congress and press their claims, out of a
targe class of cases which ought to be treated
uniformly. The very next thing to providing
tor the payment of pensions to all who are en-
titled to them is to provide general legislation,
which will approach as nearly as possible to
jtistiec to all who were in the public service ot'
the country in the late war or in former wars.
I particularly object to special legislation in
cases where from the very nature of things it
ought to be general. I move, therefore, to
recommit this bill.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was
recommitted to the Committee on Invalid
Pensions.
Mr. HOLMAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was recommitted; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
order of business.
Mr. DONNAN. I call up the unfinished
business coming over from Saturday last, the
report of the Committee of the Whole on the
Private Calendar on the joint resolution re-
lating to the Montana war claim.
The SPEAKER. Before the House re-
sumes the consideration of the unfinished
business, the gentleman from Maine [Mr.
Lynch] desires to have a memorial referred,
and ordered to be printed in the Globe.
vessels at cuban ports.
Mr. LYNCH, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented the memorial of citizens of Portland,
Maine, owners and agents of vessels trading
at Cuban ports, praying that some action be
taken by Congress to protect them against the
imposition of unjust fines imposed upon them
by the customs authorities at said ports ; which
was referred to the Committee on Foreign
Affairs, and ordered to be printed in the
Globe.
The memorial is as follows :
To the honorable Senate, and Home of Representative*
of the United States of America in Congress assem-
bled ;
The undersigned, citizens of the United States,
and owners and agents of vessels trading between
this port and tho soveral ports in the island of Cuba
would l'cspeotfally state that the practice of im-
posing fines on vessels arriving in Cuban ports by the
Spanish customs authorities thereof for so-called
errors in manifesting cargo lias become so onerous
and burdensome that we ieel constrained to solicit
the interference of Congress in our behalf.
The Spanish laws require that a vessel bound for
Cuban ports shall make out manifests of cargo, the
same to bo certified by tho Spanish consul residing
at or nearest to the port of loading, in whieh mani-
fest the captain must declare positively and without
qualification the several and different kinds of
packages, their marks, the generic class of contents,
as well as the weights and values of same, and for
every instance where, on arrival in Cuba, the exam-
ination shows a difference between the packages and
the weights and contents of same as actually found
and tho same as manifested, the vessel is fined, while
the goods escape all responsibility.
That although the generic class of the goods is
stated on the manifest, in compliance with the re-
quirements of the Spanish la.ws, and said manifest
accepted and certified to by the Spanish consul, yet
the vessel is fined for not stating the specific class.
Ihat wo arc entirely dependent on shippers of
cargo for information as to weights, values, and
contents of packages shipped, from whieh to make
out manifesto, and irresponsible parties often give
erroneous description ot their part of cargo, result-
ing m fines imposed on the vessels at times greatly
in excess of the freight, against which we have no
redress.
. That the customs authorities at the several ports
in Cuba placo diierent constructions on the laws
relative to vessels and the manifests of same, and
tines have been imposed in one port for stating
that for which fines wore imposed in another port
tor omitting.
That the captain is only informed of any fines
imposed on his vessel when he attempts to clear her
at the custom-house, whereby he has either to pav
the fines or detain the vessel indefinitely while
contesting the same.
That although we are willing, and endeavor to
comply with the said laws regulating manifests, yet
under the conflicting constructions placed on same
by the. different eolleetors of customs in Cuba we
und it impossible to do so or to avoid fines.
In cases where fines are imposed an appeal to
the superior authorities at Havana is permitted on
payment, under protest, of said fines, but unless
the amount of such fine is excessive, the delay occa-
sionecl by the detention of tho vessel would exceed
m most cases the atnounl of such fine, even if
recovered.
We would respectfully represent that as the ves-
sel, through her agents, is entirely dependent on the
shippers of cargo for information necessary to de-
scribe on the manifest the contents and weight of
Packages snipped, tne propriety of imposing fines
4 n tlie goods erroneously described on manifest
oi <m the %;essei- -as then the shipper would
■lave a sure remedy against tho vessel in case of
eirui'uu jut part or uu tho part of her agents, in
making out manifests, while under existing regula-
tions it is in most cases almost, if not impossible, for
the vessel to recover tho amount of fines from the
shipper.
Therefore your memoralists pray that Congress
will take such action in the matter as may seem
most advisable to obtain such relief in the premises
as they may he equitably entitled to.
PHINNEY & JACKSON.,
E. CHURCHILL & CO.,
J. S. WINSLOW & CO-
ISAAC EMERY,
JOHN D. FORD,
ROSS & STURDIVANT,
A. L. HOBSON.
EMERY & FOX.
GEORGE S. HUNT,
YEATON & BOYD,
J. M. CHURCHILL,
CHAS. H, CHASE & CO.,
PERLY & RUSSELL,
RYAN & KELSEY,
JAMES H. SMI I'll,
ST. JOHN SMITH.
Portland, Maine, January 13,1873.
Mr. LYNCH. I also ask unanimous con-
sent to offer the following preamble and reso-
lution :
The Clerk read as follows :
Whereas the customs regulations prevailing in the
ports of the island of Cuba as executed by the cus-
toms authorities thereof are annoying and onerous
to merchants and ship-owners of the United States
engaged in trade and commerce with the said island,
subjecting them to the payment of unjust fines and
expensi\e delays; and whereas by reason of con-
flicting constructions of the laws and regulations by
officers at the several ports in said island it is im-
possible to comply with their requirements or avoid
the penalty of their violation : Therefore,
Resolved, That the President be requested to eall
the attention of the Spanish Government to the
grievance complained of, and to take such action
in the premises as he may deem expedient to remedy
the same.
Mr. MAYNARD. What does the gentle-
man propose to have done with that resolu-
tion ?
The SPEAKER. He asks the House to
pggg
Mr. MAYNARD. I object
Mr. PERCE. I call for the regular order.
Mr. LYNCH. I ask that the resolution
may be referred to the Committee on Foreign
Affairs.
Mr. MAYNARD. I have no objection to
that.
The resolution was referred to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs.
treaty op washington.
Mr. BANKS. I ask that the bill which the
Committee on Foreign Affairs propose to call
up on Thursday, the bill (H. R. No. 488) to
carry into effect the provisions of the treaty
between the United States and Great Britain,
signed in the city of Washington the 8„h day
of May, 1871, relating to the fisheries, may
be reprinted, as the supply is exhausted.
' There was no objection, and it was so ordered.
montana war claim.
The SPEAKER. The regular order having
been called, the House resumes the considera-
tion ot the unfinished business of Saturday,
being the report of the Committee of the Whole
on the Private Calendar on joint resolution
(H. R. No. 23) to enable the Secretary of War
to pay the expenses incurred in suppressing
the Indian hostilities in the Territory of Mon-
1^nau year 1867' wbich the Committee
ot the Whole report with an amendment.
Mr. DONNAN. I desire to remind the
House that the amendment, which was adopted
rif^ti1110^011 t'ie from Indiana,
[.Mr. Holman,] was agreed to on the under-
standing by unanimous consent that there
™"ld ^ separate vote upon it in the House.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will report the
amendment which comes from the Committee
ot the Whole.
lhe Clerk reads as follows :
Add at the end of the bill the following •
And the original claimant only, or his' oersoral
assis—1
Mr. HOLMAN. In accordance with the
understanding, which the gentleman from
Iowa [Mr. Uonxan] will remember, I now
