THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 4,
port, Lansing, Manson, Marshall, McSTeely. Benja-
min B.'Meyers, Mitchell, Moore, Morgan, Morphis,
Leonard Myers, Negley, Oxr, Peck, Perce. Perry,
Peters, Piatt, Poland, Potter, Prindle, Randall,
Edward Y. Rice, John M. Rice, Roosevelt, Seofield,
Seeley, Sheldon; Slocum, Sloss, John A. Smith,
WortbioKton C. Smith. Snapp, Snyder, Stowell,
Swann.Sypher,Thomas JDwighti'ownsend.Vaughan.
Waddell. Walseman. Wallace, Whitthorne, Wil-
liams of flaw York, Jeremiah 51. Wilson, Winches-
ter, and Wood—93.
So the motion to reconsider was not agreed
to.
. The joint resolution was read the third time;
and the question was upon its passage.
Mr. ELOLMAN. I call for the yeas and
nays on the passage of the resolution; I trust
that we shall have them.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I hope the gen-
tleman will not insist upon that call. We
want to go into the Committee of the Whole.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
, The joint resolution was passed.
IjTr. DONNAN moved to reconsider the
vote by which the joint resolution was passed ;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
.. The latter motion was agreed to.
message from the president.
A message from the President, by Mr. Bab-
cock, his Private Secretary, informed the
House that the President had approved and
signed House bills of the following titles:
An act (H. B. No. 2227) to regulate the em-
ployment of engineer soldiers on extra duty;
An act (H. li. No. 2345) for the relief of
p. 0. Cleveland, postmaster at Broadalbin,
in (he State of New York;
An act (H. R. No. 2450) granting a pension
to Luoretia D. Galloway;
An act (H. E. No. 2464) granting a pension
to Hvan Johnson;
An act (H. R. No. 2476) for the relief of
Anne Penny;
An act (H. R. No. 2478) granting a pension
to Sarah Baird;
An act (H. R. No. 2495) granting a pension
to John Nolan;
An act (H, R. No. 2515) granting a pension
to Catherine Ross;
An act (H. R. No. 2537) granting a pension
to Charles Lynch ;
An act (If. R. No. 2538) granting apension
to Mary A. Chote ;
An act (H. R. No. 2792) for the relief of
Galen B. Greene;
An, act (H. R. No. 2903) for the relief of
Jamea f. Casey, collector of the port of New
Orleans; and
An act (H. R. No. 2905) for the relief of
John MeMath.
/r?ke message further announced that an act
(H R. No. 3425) for the relief of H. Clay
Jilliott, of Henderson, Kentucky, was re-
ceived by the President January 21, 1872, and
not having been returned to the House of Con-
gress m which it originated within the ten days
prescribed by the Constitution, it had become
a law without his approval.
mrs. r. c. wood.
('be Speaker.) Mr. Speaker,
(.Mr. Dawes iu the chair, J I desire unanimous
consent to present a bill to the House for im-
mediate passage. A few moments since I had
an interview in my parlor which deeply touched
($%r was with the widow of the late Robert
O. Wood, late Assistant Surgeon General in the
Army of the United States. This lady is the
daughter of the late Major General Zachary
layior, President of the United States. She
presents a petition, which I will not have even
read nor placed on the files of the House,
becaose it discloses a fact which ought not
to exist—that the daughter of Zachary Taylor
neeas aid in any form. I ventured to assure
j* vv!?en1 s!le Put ker petition in my hands
and asked me to take charge of it, that I did
not believe ihvrb would be a dissenting voice
m the Congress of the United States upon a
proposition to grant her a pension suitable to
ber rank and to the memory of her great and
honored father. I ask unanimous consent to
introduce for consideration at this tiuie a bill
for her relief.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman from Maine [Mr. Blaine J asks uuani-
mous consent to introduce for consideration at
the present time a bill (H. R. No. 3823)grant-
ing a petision to Mrs. Robert C. Wood, widow
of Robert C. Wood, late assistant surgeon
United States Army, and daughter of Zachary
Taylor, late President of the United States.
There was no objection ; and the bill was
received, and read a first and second time.
The bill, which was read, directs the Secre-
tary of the Interior to place on the pension-
roll the name of Mrs. Robert C. Wood, widow
of Robert C. Wood, late assistant surgeon
United States Army, and daughter of Zachary
Taylor, late President of the United States,
at the rate of fifty dollars per month, to date
from the death of her husband, Marches, 1869.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed
unanimously.
Mr. BLAINE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
claims.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from
Michigan, [Mr. Blair,] chairman ol the Com-
mittee of Claims, asks unanimous consent, as
Saturday next has been assigned for the con-
sideration of reports from that committee,
that some Senate bills on the Speaker's table
from the Senate, be taken up and referred.
There was no objection ; and the following
Senate bills were taken up, severally read a
first and second time, and referred to the
Committee of Claims:
An act (S. No. 239) for the relief of George
W right;
An act tS. No. 166) for the relief of David
Braden;
An act (S. No. 944) to provide for the
claims of the Pottawatomie Indians residing
iu Michigan and Indiana; °
An act (S. No. 87) for the relief of Carlton
A. Uber;
An act (S. No. 750) for the relief of C. E.
An act (S. No. 806) for the relief of John
A. Thompson;
An act (S. No. 104) for the relief of Joseph
Lannan;
An act (S. No. 868) for the relief of J. and
C. A. Dailey;
An act (S. No. 956) for the relief of Tim-
othy Baker, of St. Johns, Michigan ;
An act (S. No. 747) for the relief of B. H.
Randall;
An act (S. No. 1108) for the relief of George
R. Wilson;
An act (S. No. 1022) relating to the claim
of John B. Chapman ;
An act (S. No. 1042) for the relief of Thomas
Mollis, of Morgan county, Georgia;
An act (S. No. 1239) to pay Charles Weile
for service performed as consul at Tumbez,
Peru; and
An act (S. No. 940) for the relief of William
Webster, of Maine.
The SPEAKER. These bills are not to be
brought back by a motion to reconsider.
post office appropriation bill.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I move that
the House resolve itself into the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, to take
up for consideration a bill (H. R. No. 3498)
making appropriation for the service of the
Post Office Department for the year endine
June 30, 1874. _ 3 S
Mr. PALMER. Pending that motion, I move
limited to fifteen minutes.
* he House divided; and there were—ayes
7^, noes 24/ '
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, demanded
tellers.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Butler, of
Massachusetts, and Mr. Palmer were ap-
pointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 97, noes 26.
So the motion was agreed to.
Mr. HOLiMAN. In consequence of the
lateness of the hour Lmove the House adjourn.
utah.
Mr. MBRRITT. I ask unanimous con-
sent that the memorial I hold in my hand be
printed in the Globe.
There was no objection, and it was ordered
accordingly.
The memorial is as follows;
Utah—Its Territorial Policy and its Relation to the
Federal Government.
Tlie condition of Utah is exceptional from that of
all the other Territories, and therefore requires
special and exceptional legislation. This truth is
in ado manifest by thecourse of legislation by the Ter-
ritory, and the present condition of confusion, disor- .
der, and anarchy existing in the Territory consequent
upon the long-continued and hitherto unchecked
abuse of th© legislative power.
A reference to the record will establish these
propositions:
1. From the_ very beginning the legislation of
Utah has been inimical to and subversive of the Fed-
eral authority within the Territory.
2. TheTerritorial Legislature has resorted to every
device short of open rebellion to deprive the Gov-
ernor and judges appointed by and representing the
Federal Government of all power and authority
within the Territory.
3. It has purposely neglected for twenty-one years
to pass and establish a wholesome, general system
of laws necessary to the welfare of a civilized com-
munity; but, on the contrary, has, in terms and
practice, cantoned out the legislative authority to
municipal corporations—and so spread and extended
are these corporations that they include almost all
the settled lands in the Territory—and invested
them, by elaborate charters, with the most absolute
and monstrous powers for oppression and tyranny
4. It has, in terms, divested of their jurisdiction
and power the courts of general jurisdiction, whose
judges are appointed by the Federal Government
and assumed to parcel out that jurisdiction to local
and inferior courts, filled by local appointments or
election, which inferior courts ifc has exalted and
made, not only coordinate with, but independent of
the former.
5. It has assumed to grant and. parcel oat to a few
favorites the timber in the mountains and canons,
and also the usufruct and control of streams of run-
ning: water in the Territory, rendering the body of
the people dependent therefor on them.
6. Instead of providing for and building up com-
mon schools for education, it has provided and
devoted escheats and confiscations for the u*e of a
church, and to bring hither its converts from Europe
by taking property in utter disregard of all rights of
heirs and creditors.
7. It has provided extraordinary and arbitrary
rules, whereby the citizen has been deprived of his
property without due process of law.
8. The municipal governments established by it,
and £pread over the habitable parts of the Terri-
tory, have established and put in force elaborate
codes of laws, mostly uniform, but most oppressive
vexatious, and. aibitrary in their nature, and far
more so in their execution by means of tribunals
unauthorized by law.
As a natural consequence of these long continued
i abuses, the following evils afflict
Utah to-day,and will continueuntil the appropriate
remedy is applied by Congress;
. Two hostile jurisdictions ; one by courts deriv-
ing their authority from the organic act, and the
warranted local legislation repugnant
to that act; both assummgand exercising unlimited
general jurisdiction at law, as well as iu euuitv
uS thereby the adtninistra-
lawu-hts faI-le? int0 utter disorder and
«wSrBtile 6nt C°lllS,0n !s liable t0
 ™„Two/5t teiPf : one enacted by the Gov-
ernor and Legislative Assembly, very meager and
9U jte t0 *he- ex'geneies of a civilized
consisting for the most part of
DnvilPM w gran.tf.of special and exclusive
privilege, and acts providing agencies and means
.K STl?9 other, which consists in the codes
adopted by the numerous municipal corporations
quilt are m 6 t0 00ver the territory like a pieee-
hiuofficers who acquire and
visions n*f f°h^°n 8 m ? m®uner, contrary to the pro-
InMn thC I^rsa?-° Jet-' and are wholly subservi-
the local and inferior courts.
ihese are grave charges, and now for the proofs :
Specifications.
To sustain the first and second propositions of rhp
acts^YV^ t0 the
•Lnisact by its first section gives to the district
