1094
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
rightful, and improvident legislation; and by posi-
tive legfelation to bring orddr out of confusion and
harmony out of disorder.^
Memorial.
In view of the above facts,, we, the undersigned,
members of the- legal profession, .residing in the
Territory -of Utah, wouM<respectniliy memorialize
tho Senate and House of Representatives or the
United States in Congress assembled for such legis-
lation as .will remove the evils we have pointed out.
We are not tenaoiousof the manner in which this
shall be accomplished, but earnestly ask your honor-
able body to devise some means by which we may De
relieved of the difficulties indicated.-
Any legislation having in view the speedy correc-
tion of the evils we have presented would meet
with onr sincere approbation, and as in duty oouna
your memorialists ^^bOROUGH,
D. C00PJ3R,
WM. HAYDON,
FRANK TILFORD,
D. J. TOOHY,
B. P. JOHNSON,
WM. XIYNDMAN,
JAMES M. CARTER,
THOMAS MARSHALL,
JONATHAN C. ROYLE,
WM. C. HALL,
JAS. d. SPRATT,
W. W. GEE,
B. H. ROBERTSON,
C. W. BENNETT,
0. K. GILCHRIST,
C. H. MORGAN,
SOL. P. McCURDY,
j. n. h. Patrick!,
WM. P. APPLEBY,
M. KIRKPATRICK,
JNO. R. McBRIDE,
WARREN EARLL,
GEO. E. WHITNEY,
WELLS SPICER,
R. N. BASKIN.
OCEAN MAIL SERVICE.
Mr. L. MYERS, by unanimous consent,
presented the memorial of the Board of Trade
of Philadelphia, in favor of the passage of the
bill to encourage commerce by providing for
ocean mail service in American-built steam
vessels between America and Europe, and
asking that the four iron steam vessels built
by the American Steamship Company of
Philadelphia shall be given the privileges pro-
vided by said bill; and moved that the memo-
rial be referred to the Committee on Com-
merce; and also that it be printed in the
Globe.
There was no objection; and it was so
ordered.
■ The memorial is as follows:
Omen of tub Boakd OF- Trade,
PniLAUJurjiiA, January 28,1873.
To the Senate and House of Representatives of the
United States in Congress assembled:
The Board of Trade of tho city of Philadelphia
respoctfully submits for tho consideration of Con-
gress tho following statements in relation to tho
American Steamship Company:
The said company was incorporated by the Legis-
lature of Pennsylvania, in the autumn of 1871. Its
capital hfta been paid up in full, and its stockholders,
two hundred ana sixty-seven in number, are citi-
zens'of tho United States, and_ no foreigner has,
either directly or indirectly, any interest in itor any
control of it. The object of the originators of the
company, and of the contributors to its capital stock,
was to build and place upon the ocean an American
line of steamships to ply between this port and
Liverpool, equal in all respects to any of tho foreign
lines, which now have exclusive possession of tho
carrying trado between this country and Europe;
and tho ships of tho company, built at this port and
now riearly completed, are accordingly in model,
material, and workmanship of the very first class.
It is certainly of much public interest and import-
ance that this American line, now about to compete
with these foreign lines for a portion of this carrying
trade, should bo successful in this competition and
become self-sustaining and permanent, and thus be
ah incentive to other enterprises of tho same kind.
But its disadvantages at the outset in this work are
evident, for its rivals have got possession of the
freight and passenger business, and have acquired a
reputation for speed and safety.
It would therefore seem to be a wise policy for a
nation which desires to have a place among the
commercial nations of the world to extend in some
proper way a helpful hand to this American Steam-
ship Company at its outset; and for this purpose
your memorialist prays Congress to enaot into law
"A bill authorizing the establishment of ocean mail
steamship service in American-built iron steamships
between the United States and England," whioh has
been read t.wioe in the House of Representatives,
and referred to the Committee on Commerce.
JOHN WELSH,
President Philadelphia Board of Trade.
george l. buzby,
Secretary*
CATALOGUE OF ARMY MEDICAL MUSEUM.
Mr. COBURN, from the Committee on
Military Affairs, reported back the bill (fcl. K.
No. 3453) to provide for the printing at the
Government Printing Office of one thousand
copies of the descriptive anatomical catalogue
of the Army Medical Museum, with a report
thereon in writing; and moved that the bill
and report be printed and recommitted, not to
be brought back by a motion to reconsider.
The motion was agreed to.
LIEUTENANT JOHN F. WOTRING.
Mr. COBURN also, by unanimous consent,
from the same committee, reported back the
bill (H. R. No. 1299) for the relief of John P.
Wotring, a resident of the State of Michigan,
with a report thereon in writing; and moved
that the bill and report be printed and recom-
mitted, not to be brought back by a motion to
reconsider.
The motion was agreed to.
WILLIAM II. PILKINTON.
Mr. COBURN also, by unanimous consent,
from the same committee, reported back the
bill (H. R. No. 1010) for the relief of William
H. Pilkinton, late second lieutenant in com-
pany G fifth regiment Indiana volunteers,
with a report thereon in writing; and moved
that the bill and report be printed and recom-
mitted, not to be brought back by a motion
to reconsider.
The motion was agreed to.
LIEUTENANT COLONEL FRANK LYNCH.
Mr. COBURN also, by unanimous consent,
from the same committee, reported back the
bill (H. R. No. 468) for the relief of Lieuten-
ant Colonel Frank Lynch, accompanied by a
report thereon in writing ; and moved that the
bill and report be printed and recommitted,
not to be brought back by a motion to recon-
sider.
The motion was agreed to.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
Mr. FOSTER, of Michigan, from the Com-
mittee on Enrolled Bills, reported that the
committee had examined and found duly
enrolled a bill of the following title; when
the Speaker signed the same:
An act (S. No. 59) authorizing the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to settle and pay the
accounts of Colonel James F. Jaques.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I demand the
regular order.
The SPEAKER. The regular order is the
motion of the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr.
Holman,] that the House do now adjourn.
The question being put on the motion to
adjourn, there were—ayes 51, noes 72.
Mr. RANDALL demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and the Speaker
appointed Mr. Garfield, of Ohio, and Mr.
Holjiah.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 48, noes 73.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I renew my
motion, that the rules be suspended, and that
the House resolve itself into Committee of the
Whole on the Post Office appropriation bill,
The question being put on the motion of
Mr. Garfield, of Ohio, there were—ayes 71,
noes 42.
Mr. RANDALL asked for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. FARNSWOETH. I move that the
House do now adjourn.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I desire to sub-
mit a proposition to the gentlemen who do not
wish that the House shall go into Committee
of the Whole now. I ask gentlemen to allow
us to have an evening session for that purpose
at half past seven o'clock this evening. I move
that the House take a recess until half past
! seven o'clock.
February 4,
I withdraw the
Mr. FARNSWOETH.
motion to adjourn.
Mr. McHENRY. I renew it.
The question being put on the motion to
adjourn, there were—ayes 46, noes 7o.
Mr. McHENRY. I call for the yeas and
n&Mr. FARNSWORTH. I desire to make a
suggestion. Let us have evening sessions after
to-night. Is there any objection to that t
The SPEAKER. That would require unani-
mous consent.   .
Mr. W. R. ROBERTS. I object.
Mr. HALE. I would suggest that the House
should agree to meet, on and after Thursday
next, at eleven o'clock a. m.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Does it
require a suspension of the rules to make that
order ? ,
The SPEAKER. It can be done by unani-
mous consent to-day, or by a suspension of
the rules on Monday. .
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I object.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. A number of
gentlemen around me say it would be a matter
of difficulty for them to be here this evening.
If the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Mc-
Henry] will withdraw the demand for the
yeas and nays I will move to adjourn.
Mr. McHENRY. I withdraw the call for
the yeas and nays.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachesetts. I wish
to state, with reference to the House dividing
on the proposition to close debate in fifteen
minutes, that I thought more than fifteen
minutes was required for debate on this im-
portant bill, on account of the great changes
which have been made since the appropria-
tions in the bill were considered and estimated
for in consequence of the abolition of the
franking privilege.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I move that
the House do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to.
And thereupon (at four o'clock and thirty-
five minutes, p. m.) the House adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. BEATTY: The petition of John
Myers, soldier of 1812, asking for a pension.
By Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts: The
petition of Thankful S. Watkins, of Xenia,
Ohio, for a pension.
By Mr. DOX: The petition of citizens
of Mobile, bankers and others, praying ameli-
oration of taxes imposed on banking institu-
tions, State and national.
By Mr. ESTY: The petition of Cornelia A.
Washburn, of Newton, Massachusetts, for a
pension.
Also, the petition of Sarah Whiting, of
Lowell, Massachusetts, for a pension.
By Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts: The
petition of William Wickersham, to revive
application for patent for improvement of
sewing machines.
By Mr. McCLELLAND: The petition of
David E. Lowry, Thomas C. Kerr, Tobias
Hetche, James Waggoner, John MeCoskoy,
John' G. Bentel, A. J. Douglass, and 59
others, citizens of Freedom, Pennsylvania,
stating that about one hundred and sixty-five
Chinese laborers have been imported for a
cutlery company, located in the borough of
Beaver Falls, in said county, thereby causing
the discharge from the works of the white
American mechanics and workmen; that two
hundred more Chinese, direct from China, are
said to be engaged and on the way for the
same cutlery and other works of the same
company, to the exclusion from the works of
our own people; that contracts have been
made, through one of their own race, for long
periods of servitude on their part, at wages so
low as to forbid competition by American
