2054
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
Mr. CHANDLER. I hope the Senator will
not interrupt the pending bill at this point.
Mr. STEWART. Give me one minute to
pass this bill.
Mr. CHANDLER. I have allowed myself
to be interrupted all night up to this time, and
I hope now we shall proceed with the river
and harbor bill.
TV,4 PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Michigan objects; and the pend-
ing question is on the motion of the Seuator
from West Virginia, to strike out the words
"according to plan submitted by General A.
A. Humphreys."
Mr. CONKLING. As I shall not detain
the Senate much this evening, I wish to oc-
cupy about two minutes here. It is obvious,
it was before We began to consider this bill,
that not only the Senators from West Virginia,
but other Senators, will find themselves disap-
pointed in the action of the committee with
regard to these appropriations, and the duty
of the committee in that respect has been a
disagreeable one. Now I wish to say to my
honorable friend who moves to strike out these
words that they do not remedy at all the diffi-
culty. On the contrary, the committee did
not criticise the plan of General Humphreys,
and did not understand that adoptingthat plan
committed them in any sense in this regard ;
but looking at the work itself and at nothing
else save one, they were not able to recom-
mend this appropriation. I say "nothing
else save one," and T want to tell the Senators
from West Virginia what that was. The bill
came to us from the House containing appro-
priations of between five and six million dol
lars. Some unavoidable things had been left
to be moved in the Senate or by the Senate
committee. Acting upon those the committee
was, as I must be allowed to say, in my judg-
ment more than economical. I had in the
State of New York two or three cases where
I undertake to say that any private individual
doing the work upon the principles of the
strictest economy would have given money
enough to do it, and yet I found myself with
no.more chance before the committee than if
I'' had not been there. Indeed my chance was
a great deal worse than it would have been if
I had not been there at all; so that if misery
likes company, the Senator will have a great
d-eal of society before we finish this bill.
We felt bound to keep the bill within certain
limits, and having a certain amount of money
to appropriate we were compelled to pass over
cases which seemed to us moreurgentthanthis
ease from West Virginia. If every time we meet
a case in the bill where we have stricken out
an appropriation or where we have not put on an
appropriation, which was referred to the com-
mittee, we are to stop and debate it, we shall
have a long consideration, and, therefore,
although it is quite as disagreeable to me as it
can be to either of the Senators from West
Virginia, I am going to stand by this bill, and
that although I have here a remonstrance from
the engineer in one case saying that it is an evil
too crying to be permitted silently not to have
an appropriation put on this bill in regard to a
work now progressing in New York. Inas-
much as I shall stand by the committee against
nvyself and my own constituents, I hope my
friends will forgive me for one if I stand by the
bill against them.
Mr. DAVIS. I understand my friend from
New York to say that some appropriation for
New York had been stricken out. In looking
over the bill I find several appropriations for
New York.
Mr. CONKLING. I wHl tell my friend of
one, as he cannot find it. There is an appro-
propriation in this bill for the harbor of
Oswego. It is not one third of the appro-
priation necessary, and presently necessary,
tor that harbor, one of the most important
harbors in the whole country. Some of the
members of the committee were willing to
raise that appropriation; but my honorable
friend from Michigan [Mr. Chandler] came
down like a wolf on the fold, and we could
not have the appropriation raised; but we
have taken one third of the smallest sum that
would do at all. Here is another instance of
an appropriation which the Senator will not
find, because it is not in the bill, on Long
Island, a most urgent case, where the commis-
sioner himself writes me a letter to protest
against the non-appropriation of money; and
so I could tell the Senator of various other
instances, but I will not.
Mr. DAVIS. In order that the Senate may
understand what kind of work it is that we
ask an appropriation for, I desire to have read
a very short extract from the report of the
board of directors of the Kanawha river im-
provement to the board of public works of the
State of West Virginia. It will show what
they were doing there this last summer. It is
very short, or 1 would not detain the Senate
with it.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Improvement of the Navigation.
"Tlio dredge-boats commenced work on the Ka-
nawha rivor on the 18th Juno, 1872, beginning at
Elk chute, which thoy widened filtoen feet, having
first dredged a foundation for the Keystono bridgo,
now being erectod over Elk river, near tho mouth
of said river. From Elk chute, thoy wont on July
27 to Two Mile, at which plaeo they widened
tho channel some twenty-five loot, and removed
obstructions at tho foot of tho chute. From Two
Mile they went to Island, whore thoy widened
tho channel about twenty-five feet, and trimmed the
timber overhanging the foot of tho chute. A riso in
the river prevented further operations until tho 28th
August, when the boats wont to Scary creek.
After working at that point a tew days, an accident
happoned to tbo crano of ono of tho dredgos, which
stopped operations for sorno time. After making
two fills at Scary tho boats proceeded to Taokott,
arriving there tho 3d September; they widened
Taekett about twenty-fivo ieet and threw up a wing-
dam at tho head of tho chute. They left Taekett
shoals on the 17th September, and on tho 18th eom-
rnencod work at Raymond City, dredging a harbor
or landing for the Raymond City Coal Company, at
which point tho boats are engaged at work up to the
date of this report."
Mr. DAVIS. Now, Mr. President, it will
be seen that the State is at work on this im-
provement. They have two dredge-boats on
the river, and there are two or three shoals
necessary to be kept clean this year. Tho
report of a committee of gentlemen who were
appointed by the Pittsburg Board of Trade to
secure the assistance of the trade for the
Ohio river, states that there is between five
and six millions of property, coal, salt, and so
on, which comes out of the Kanawha river
each year, and contributes to the commerce
of the Ohio river, east and west, up and down.
Now, sir, I have looked over this bill and I
find in it, if lam not mistaken, appropriations
of $572,000 for the single State of Michigan.
I may be wrong in my figures, the calculation
was made very hastily; but there are fifteen
different appropriations, aggregating nearly
$600,000 for that one State. The State of
West Virginia has never heretofore had a
single appropriation, and now I think it is
hard to strike out this small one. In referring
to the appropriations for the State of Mich-
igan, I wish it distinctly understood that I do
not make any complaint on that score. If it
is right that those appropriations should be
made, let them be made; but I think itvery
stiange that this little appropriation, the only
one for West Virginia, should be singled out
and stricken from the bill.
Mr. CHANDLER. The Committee on
Commerce is not controlled by State lines at
all. It endeavors to recommend improve-
ments in the interest of commerce. If the
Senator will turn over a little further in the
bill, he will find that we recommend $66,000
for the Monongahela river. That is navigable
aud can be improved. . He will find in this
very bill $66,000 for that river to be expended
in West Virginia. Michigan happens to have
thirteen hundred miles of coast, and our har-
bors are for the benefit of the commerce, not
of Michigan, but of all the United States.
Illinois has much more interest in the appro-
priations for the harbors of Michigan than we
have; and so have New York and Pennsyl-
vania. It is our misfortune, or our good for-
tune, that we have more lake coast than any
other State in the Union, and hence it is
necessary, in the interest of commerce, that
these harbors should be prepared for the use
of commerce. If the committee could have
seen that this was in the interest of the com-
merce of the nation, it would have been
recommended. The Monongahela we thought
was.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment offered by the Sen-
ator from West Virginia, to strike out the
words "according to plans submitted "by Gen-
eral A. A. Humphries."
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion now recurs on the amendment of the
committee to strike out the whole clause as
amended.
The amendment was rejected, there being
on a division—ayes 16, noes 31.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Commerce was to strike out lines forty-nine
and fifty, in the following words:
For the improvement of White river harbor,
Michigan, $7,000.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. I think the
committee must have misapprehended the '
facts in this case. 1 will inquire of the chair-
man of the committee whether there has been
any report in the case and what that report is?
My imprpssion is that this appropriation com-
pletes the work at that harbor, and if the small
sum of $7,000 will complete the work I think
it poor economy to strike it out, especially as
it bears upon the outer works exposed to the
storms of the lake. It would seem very poor
economy to refuse such a small amount and
expose to danger all the expenditure that the
Government has heretofore incurred. I ask
the chairman to explain the amendment.
Mr. CHANDLER. Here is the report:
"North pier, piling for one hundred and thirty-
six feet and superstructure over one hundred and
sixty feet. The western section, forty feet square,
intended for a pier-head, still la,oks superstructure.
South pier, ninety-six footof piling, sixty-eightfeet
of which lias received superstructure, while twenty-
eight feet is yet uncovered. The north pier-head
was uncovered.
"The present appropriation will be entirely ex-
ponded this season in ballasting tho piers and dredg-
ing, the work for which it was intonded. _
" To make the piers complete, as originally de-
signed, and as called for in 1870, the south pier
should be extended one hundred and tliirty-sixfcet,
even with tho north pior, at a cost of &6.940."
I understand my colleague to say that that
entirely completes the work.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. That, I under-
stand, will complete the work, and I trust the
Senate will non-concur in the amendment of
the committee.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. If I understand the
report, the piers at this harbor are complete as
far as .they go. The north pier extends one
hundred and sixty feet and is complete. The
south pier extends sixty-eight feet and is com-
pleted up to that point, but they desire to add
another section of twenty-eight feet. The
committee, in consideration of the limited ton-
nage that entered the harbor and the fact that
there is now nine feet of water in the harbor,
and these piers extended so as to give reason-
able protection, thought it advisable to strike
out the appropriation.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. The very fact
that the Senator has stated, to my mind and
to the mind of anybody conversant with that
region not only verifies what I have stated but
impresses the fact that it is the duty of the
Seuate to non-concur in this amendment.
Anybody knowing the currents of water in
Lake Michigan upon the west side of the State
and the east shore of the lake knows that the
current tends northwardly downward, and the
