1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
131
Mr. SARGENT. Well, sir, I must object
to its being considered from day to day until
disposed of.
Mr. BINGHAM. I hope the gentleman
■will not object.
Mr. SARGENT. I object on behalf of the
Committee on Appropriations. I am willing
to consent to the proposed arrangement if
some limit of time can be fixed for the consid-
eration of the bill, and some time named for
calling the previous question.
Mr. BINGHAM. I move, then, that the
previous question shall be called at four
o'clock on that day.
Mr. SARGENT. I will not object to that.
Mr. BINGHAM. We want the bill disposed
of on that day.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will explain
in advance the effect of the proposed arrange-
ment, so that no gentleman will be surprised.
If at four o'clock on that day the previous
question is moved and sustained, the friends
of the bill will be entitled to one hour to close
the debate. If t he previous question shall not
be sustained, the bill will go on the Speaker's
table, taking its place on the Calendar, and in
effect being defeated.
Mr. BINGHAM. Of course; but I hope
the House will allow us to have a vote on the
bill at that time.
No objection being made, the order was
accordingly made.
REGULATION OF COMMERCE BETWEEN STATES.
Mr. SHELLABARGER, by unanimous
consent, submitted the following resolution ;
which was read, considered, and adopted :
Renolvcd, That the Committee on tbe Judiciary
We directed to inqnire and report to this House what
powers the Congress of the United States possess in
regulating the commerce among the several States
in so far as such commerce is transported upon rail-
roads and other lines of transportation organized
and conducted under the laws o f the various States;
and whether such power of Congress includes the
power to prohibit unequal or oppressive charges or
discriminations made by such common carriers of
freight and passengers from one State on their way
to or through another State.
SUPERIOR AND DOLCTII.
Mr. SAWYER, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and adopted:
Retolvtd, That the Secretary of War be requested
to send to this House, at as early a day as practi-
cable. copies of the report of Colonel D. C. Houston,
United States engineers, and William fi. Newton,
civil engineers, upon Superior bay and harbor, and
theDuluth harbor and dyke, together with all the
maps made by said Houston and Newton.
WINONA AND ST. PETER RAILROAD.
Mr. DUNNELL. 1 ask unanimous consent
to report from the Committee on the Public
Lands, for consideration at this time, House
bill No. 3005, for the extension of time to the
Winona and St, Peter Railroad Company for
the completion of its road.
The bill, which was read, provides that the
time for the completion of the railroad from
Winona, in the State of Minnesota, via St.
Peter, to a point on the Big Sioux river, south
of the forty-fifth parallel of north latitude, as
limited in the act entitled ''An act extending
the time for the completion of certain land-
grant railroads in the-States oflowaand Min-
nesota," approved March 3, 1866, shall be
extended for six months from the expiration
of the time limited in the said act; and if com-
pleted within, said six months, the said ral-
road shall be entitled to the benefit of the
several provisions of said act, in the same
manner as if said road had been fully com-
pleted within the time therein mentioned.
Mr. 8PEER. I object to this bill.
Mr. DUNNELL. I ask the gentleman to
withhold his objection until lean have a letter
read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Office Winona and St. Peter R. R. Co.,
JJecember 2,1872.
Dear Siu : I beg leave to submit for your consid-
eration the following statement of facts affecting the
land grant to this company:
You are aware that Congress granted to the State
of Minnesota lands to aid in the construction of a
railroad from Winona to the Big Sioux river, a
distance of about three hundred and twenty-five
miles. This grant expires by limitation on the
2d day of March, A. D. 1873. The law of the State
conferring the grant upon this company required
the building of thirty miles of road in each year.
This provision has been complied with, and in March
last the road had been completed from Winona to
New Ulm, a distanoe of about one hundred and
seventy miles.
The country from New Ulm to tho Big Sioux
river is all prairie land, with but little timber upon
the banks of the streams. The settlements beyond
New Ulm are very few. It has been only during
the present year that the public lands have been
surveyed to the western boundary line of the State.
No appropriation having been made for the sur-
reys in Dakota Territory, ad.iacent to the line, this
company in August last advanced 810,1)00 to tho
Commissioner of the General Land Ottice to defray
the expenses of the surveys to the western terminus.
That work is now in process of completion.
On the 1st of March last the company had one
hundred and fifty-five miles of road to complete
before March 2, 1873, if itco:aplied with tho terms
of the grant. At thatdate seventy-five miles of this
line were beyond all settlements and all surveys of
the public lands.
The company entered into contracts with respons-
ible parties for tho completion of the grading and
bridging before January 1. 1873. They purchased
and have paid for all the iron, ties, and fastenings
necessary to complete tho whole line, and have
delivered them ready for use.
The grading for the whole distance to the Big
Sioux river was so nearly completed on the 12th day
of September last, that the force then employed
would have finished it in ten days. The bridging
was all completed for one hundred and seventeen
miles. The two last bridges were ready for the
superstructure, which is upon tho ground ready to
be raised. A small number of culverts and short
pieces of pile work were only to be put in place to
complete the bridging of the entire line.
One hundred and seventeen miles of iron have
been laid, and the track is nearly all surfaced and
ballasted ready for traffic.
On the 12th day of November last there were but
thirty-eight miles of iron to lay. Everything was
in readiness to complete the work, it was hoped, by
the 1st, certainly by the 15th day of December in-
stant. But on that day—the 12th day of Novem-
ber—a storm of wind and snow, accompanied by
extreme cold, broke upon tho line, of a force and
severity entirely unprecedented in the history of
that State. It continued without intermission for
six days. The snow drifted into the "cuts," render-
ing it impossible to run trains upon the completed
portions of the line west of New Ulm. The con-
struction trains were blocked, and the force em-
ployed upon the work were suddenly and completely
cut off from all communication with the rest of the
line.
A relief train reached the main force after ten
days of severe exertion, and every man, woman,
and child were brought out in safety. The suffering
from cold and exposure had been great, but no lives
were lost.
Eight locomotive engines and a large number of
cars were left disabled upon the line.
After the storm had subsided, a strong party was
organized and sent with three first-class engines to
bring out the disabled locomotives and cars. The
storm again broke out, and after proceeding forty
miles west of New Ulm they were forced to abandon
their train and return to that place on foot, leaving
eleven first-class engines and large numbers of cars
j buried in tho snow upon the track.
The company has not abandoned its purpose of
completing the line to the Big Sioux river. The
l work can still be accomplished by the organization
I of a new force of laborers sufficient to cover the
I entire line with men, to keep the snow from the
■ track. They must be providedwith fuel, food, and
t shelter, all of which must be taken into the country.
1 This will add enormously to the expense of the
work, and subject all so employed to the hazards of
a winter of unparalleled severity. Butthe.company
believe no possible good can result either to the
Government or the people from this increased ex-
penditure and exposure.
There is not a solitary " settler" upon the uncom-
pleted portion of the line. There is no business
whatever to be done upon it. The work can easily
be finished in sixty days during the next summer,
and in time to accommodato the large emigration
the building of the line is expected to attract into
that region.
The company believe they havo amply attested
their determination and ability to comply with tho
requirements of the acts of Congress.
An extension of the time for six months only is
necessary to enable it to complete the lino, without
unnecessary expense or danger from exposure.
This line being in your district, you are already
familiar with the leading facts, and the oompany
respectfully ask your assistance in procuring this
legislation.
I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant.
JAMES H. HOWE,
General Manager W. & St. P. E. ti. Co.
Hon. M. H. Dunhbm,,
Ifouse of Representatives, Washington, D. C.
Mr. SPEER. In view of the facts set forth
in the letter just read, I withdraw my objec-
tion.
Mr. CONNER. Has this bill been con-
sidered by any committee?
Mr. DUNNELL. It has been considered
by the Committee on the Public Lands, who
instructed me to report the bill for consider-
ation at this time.
Mr. CONNER. Is there any report? If
so, I ask that, it be read.
Mr. HOLMAN. I think this bill should be.
considered in its regular order.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman object
to its consideration at. this time?
Mr. HOLMAN. I do.
vacancies on committees.
The SPEAKER announced the appointment
of the following members to fill vacancies on
the committees named :
Elections—Mr. Foster, of Ohio.
Claims—Mr. Hawley, of Connecticut.
Judiciary—Mr. Shoemaker, of Pennsyl-
vania.
Reorganization of the Civil Service of the
United States—Mr. Crocker, of Massachu-
setts and Mr. Dodds, of Ohio.
Patents —Mr. Esty, of Massachusetts.
Coinage, Weights, and Measures—Mr. Con-
ner, of Texas
Private Land Claims—Mr. Giddings, of
Texas.
Agriculture—Mr. IIkrndox, of Texas.
homesteads for soldiers and sailors.
Mr. SARGENT. I call for the regular order
of business.
The SPEAKER. The regular order having
been called for, the morning hour begins at
twenty-five minutes past twelve o'clock, and
the House will resume the consideration of
House bill No. 1665, to enable honorably dis
charged soldiers and sailors, their widows and
orphan children, to acquire homesteads on the
public lands of the United States. The gen-
tleman from Illinois [Mr. Hawley] is entitled
to twenty five minutes of his hour still remain-
ing. of which he yields ten minutes to the gen-
tleman from Minnesota, [Mr. Dunnell.]
Mr. HAWLEY, of Illinois. Before the gen-
tleman proceeds, I desire to enter a motion to
recommit this bill.
Mr. BUNNELL. Mr. Speaker, this bill
was under discussion at the last session of
Congress, and at that time I felt it a duty
which I owed my State to object to its passage.
The bill is, I presume, regarded by its friends
as conferring some benefit upon the soldiers
without doing any damage to others or to the
public interests. But, sir, I cannot myself
conceive of a bill more mischievous in its
tendencies and results than this.
The bill was yesterday very ably discussed
by the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Hawley,]
who in his remarks cited fully, I think, the
arguments which ought to prevail in this
House to secure the defeat of the bill. It is
assumed that, this warrant which we propose
to issue to the soldier, will be of some value.
If we propose to pass this bill, we ought to be
satisfied that it will confer some real, substan-
tial benefit upon those to whom we offer it. I,
as a friend of the soldier, am unwilling to
stand here and advocate or vole for a measure
purporting to benefit the soldier, while in fact
it is really worthless to him. If there are any
individual soldiers who desire to settle upon the
public lands and establish homes there, we
have already, by the act of last session of Con-
gress, provided for that class of persons. We
have already said to the soldier who may de-
sire to occupy one hundred and sixty acres of
land as a homestead that he shall have that
quantity of land.
The gentleman from Michigan [Mr. Stough-
ton] says that not one in a hundred of the
soldiers of the country will accept either the
provisions of that act or those of this bill.
Now, sir, it seems to me unreasonable it.
legislation that we should confer a benefit
upon so small a fraction and leave ninety-nine
hundredths of the soldiers substantially un-
