1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1096
workmen ; that their habits are so debasing as
to insure the demoralization and degradation
of all Christian communities brought In con-
tact with thera; that their introduction into
the United States, in the manner it is done,
shows a manifest attempt to revive the insti-
tution of slavery ; and that it is an act of bad
faith toward the work people of Pennsylvania
and of the United States, inasmuch as that
the protection of thirty-five to_ fifty per cent,
against the importation of foreign cutlery was
enacted for the purpose of protecting the
American laborer against cheap foreign labor;
and asking that as a means, therefore, to be
saved from such evils, and in behalf of their
own work-people, Congress will pass a law
prohibiting any further importation of Chi-
nese laborers under contracts made in China;
or that it will authorize the free importation
from foreign countries of such articles or
manufactures as are or may be produced in
the United States by and through, Chinese
cheap labor so contracted for.
By Mr. NIBLACK, of Indiana: The memo-
rial of H. H. Burrill, of Washington, Indiana,
praying payment of the French spoliation
claims.
By Mr. PACKARD : The petition of Augus-
tine Humphrey and George A. Woodbridge,
for indemnity on account of French spolia-
tions.
By Mr. PORTER : The remonstrance of
merchants of the city of New York against the
repeal of the bankrupt act.
By Mr. WILLIAMS, of New York: The
petition of senators and members of Assem-
bly of the State of New York ; the petition of
members of the bar of the State of New York ;
the petition of members of the bar of Buffalo,
New York; and the petition of members of
the bar of Cayuga county, New York, for in-
crease of salary of judge of United States
court for northern district of New York.
post route bill.
The following notice for leave to introduce
a bill was given under the rules:
By Mr. COGHLAN: A bill to establish a
mail route between Greenville and Prattville,
(Big Meadows,) Plumas county, California.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, February 5, 1873.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. P. New-
man, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday's proceedings was
read and approved.
house bills referred.
The following bills from the House of Rep-
resentatives were severally read twice by their
titles, and referred as indicated below:
A bill (H. R. No. 3310) to authorize the
National Bank of Springfield, Missouri, to
change its name—to the Committee on
Finance. ., „ ,
A bill (H. R. No. 3793) to provide for the
revision of the treaties with the Indian tribes
to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
A bill (H. K,. No. 3794) to sell a vacated
soldiers' burial-ground near Cumberland,
Maryland, to the Hebrew congregation of that
city, to enlarge their grave-yard—to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
mkssage from the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by ilr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the following bill
and joint resolution ; in which it requested the
concurrence of the Senate:
A bill (H. R. No. 3823) granting a pension
to Mrs. Robert C. Wood, widow of Robert 0.
Wood, late assistant surgeon United States
Army, and daughter of Zachary Taylor, late
President of the United States ; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 23) to enable
the Secretary of War to pay the expenses
incurred in suppressing the Indian hostilities
in the Territory of Montana in the year 1867.
enrolled bill signed.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed the enrolled bill (S.
No. 59) authorizing the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to settle and pay the accounts of Colonel
James F. Jaques; and it was thereupon signed
by the Vice President.
petitions and memorials.
The VICE PRESIDENT presented a reso-
ltion of the Legislature of North Carolina,
concerning the Indians and the Indian policy
of the Government; which was referred to
the Committee on Indian Affairs, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. RAMSEY presented a memorial of citi-
zens of Minnesota, remonstrating against the
passage of the bill to perfect navigation on the
Mississippi river; which was referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. RICE presented two petitions of citi-
zens of Carver and Jefferson counties, Ark-
ansas, praying to be guarantied in their law-
ful and constitutional rights; which were
referred to the Committee on Privileges and
Elections.
Mr. COLE presented seven petitions of citi-
zens of California, praying the adoption of the
postal telegraph system as recommended by
the Postmaster General in his annual report;
which were ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. CONKLING. I present the petition
of Mr. A. E. Beach and others, of the city of
New York, calling attention to the precarious
nature of safety given by the mails, reminding
us of the many packages that are lost, and
asking legislation to improve the security of
the mails especially in regard to the money-
order system. I move the reference of the
petition to the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CONKLING. I present the memorial
of members of the constitutional convention
of the State of New York, asking an increase
of salary for the several district judges of the
United States in the State of New York ; and
I present a like memorial of the judges of the
court of appeals of the State of New York,
asking an increase of the salaries of national
judicial officers in that State. I move that
they be referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CONKLING. I present also a peti-
tion, numerously signed by judges, lawyers,
and business men of the county of Oneida, m
the State of New York, made up of all parties
and of all branches of business apparently,
asking the immediate repeal of the bankrupt
law. I move that this petition lie on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CONKLING. I present also the me-
morial and remonstrance of Paton & Co., and
various other leading business men of the city
of New York, expostulating against the repeal
of the bankrupt law. I move that it lie on
the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CONKLING. I present a memorial
of various leading bankers and business men
of the State of New York, asking the removal
of the taxes now imposed on national banks,
and setting forth the onerous exactions of
those taxes and the burdens they impose, not
only on the banks, but on the customers of
the banks and the whole business community.
I move that this memorial be referred to the
Committee on Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. YICKERS presented the memorial of
one hundred and fifty-three business firms and
individual merchants of Baltimore city, Mary-
land, remonstrating against the repeal of the
bankrupt law ; which was ordered to lie on the
table.
Mr. GO LDTIIWAITE presented a me-
morial of banks of Alabama, asking a modifi-
cation of the taxes on national banks or their
entire abrogation ; which was referred to the
Committee on Finance.
Mr. SCOTT presented a petition of citizens
of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, praying the re-
peal of the bankrupt law; which was ordered to
lie on the table.
Mr. RANSOM presented a resolutionof the
Legislature of North Carolina, concerning the
Indians aod.the Indian policy of the Govern-
ment ; which was referred to the Committee
on Indian Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. WRIGHT. I present the petition of
merchants, attorneys, and other business men
of the city of St. Lonis, praying for the repeal
of the bankrupt law. They set forth in this
petition that the purpose for which the law
was passed has been fulfilled; that it was for
the relief of those North and South who were
in difficulty on account of the war of the rebel-
lion ; that in their opinion the honest and de-^
serving men for whose protection it was in-
tended have long since had all the benefits
contemplated; that it is exceedingly cumber-
some and expensive in practice, and does not
give as much to creditors as the old State
insolvent laws; and various other reasons are
given in the petition why the law should be
repealed. As a bill on this subject has been
reported, I move that the petition lie on the
table.
The motion was agreed to.
reports of committees.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. The Committee on
Indian Affairs, to whom was referred the bill
(H. R. No. 3326) for the relief of settlers on
the late Sioux Indian reservation, in the State
of Minnesota, have instructed me to report it
back without amendment and to recommend
its passage. It has passed the House, and I
ask that it be put on its passage.
The bill was read.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I should like
to have that bill explained.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. On the reservation
men have located under authority, but have
not made full proof of their claims nor made
full payment for the lands. This bill author-
izes an extension of the time till the 1st of
March next year to make that proof and pay-
ment.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. How large
an amount of lauds is affected, may I inquire
of the Senator from Connecticut?
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I am not able to
answer that question. It was included in a
former bill.
Mr. WINDOM. There are not a large num-
ber of settlers affected by this bill. I suppose
about one hundred. I will say to the Senator
that at the last session we passed a bill extend-
ing the time for the settlers on this reservation
to pay for the lands, which was^ intended to
apply to those covered by this bill as well as
to the others that the Department did hold it
applied to; but they held under the former
bill that those settlers who went on prior to
1868 were entitled to the provisions of the bill
of last year, while those who came on since by
reason of the wording of the bill were not
thus entitled. This only puts those who went
on since 1868 in the same position as those
who went on before, and gives them a little
extension of time in which to pay for their
claims, the delay having heen on account of
fires and other mishaps.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. How large
an amount of land is involved, may I ask ?
Mr. WINDOM. I suppose from fifty to one
hundred settlers are on the reservation. I do
not know the amount of land.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. And they
have one hundred and sixty acres each?
Mr. WINDOM. Yes. These are parties
who have claims, and the bill only gives them
a little time to pay for the land.
