132
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 11,
provided for. No one can for a moment stand
up here and undertake to argue that these
land warrants will be worth anything more
than the merest trifle. The gentleman from
Illinois says that they may be worth ten,
fifteen, or twenty dollars. Suppose that they
nre worth twenty dollars, time must be
occupied and money expended in securing
those warrants. It is impossible to conceive
that they can have any value in the market
beyond twenty dollars. Now, do we expect
to satisfy the demand of the soldiers of this
country for an equalization of bounties by
giving them this stone instead of the bread
they ask for ?
There is a demand, pressing upon Congress,
that we shall equalize bounties. Among the
soldiers throughout the length and breadth of
the country there is a belief and the declaration
is made that the bounties must be equalized
before equal and exact justice will be done to
those who defended the country. But in this bill
we propose to turn a deaf ear to this demand,
to disregard it entirely, to give this bounty
land warrant to the soldier and then say to
him hereafter, "You have had your bounty
land warrant, and we gave you that as an
equivalent for the equalization of bounties.''
The gentleman from Michigan says " Do
we wish to banish the soldiers?" No; but
only one in a hundred, he declares, will take
the benefit of this act. Now, the gentleman
from Michigan knows that the argument which
might have prevailed in favor of the soldiers
who served in the Mexican war does not hold
good now. At that time we had in Illinois,
in Michigan, in Wisconsin, in all the North-
west, lands that were open to entry. At that
time there were soldiers returning from Mexico
who stood ready to go and enter upon those
lands and acquire homes; and many did so.
On the other hand, as the gentleman admits,
there are to-day but few persons who would
desire to acquire homes under this bill. Any
one having such a desire can gratify it under the
law of last June. Wherefore, then, should we
pass this bill?
I stand here as the friend of the soldier ; and
I will defend myself with the soldiers of my
district by saying to tbem, "I propose to do
for you a better thing than to give you a land
warrant that will be practically worthless in
the market and undesirable to you." I am
unwilling to look upon this land warrant as in
any way answering the demand. The gentle-
man from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Townsend,]
when this matter was under discussion last
summer, read (and I hope they may be read
again) resolutions of the Grand Army of the
Republic of the State of Pennsylvania, declar-
ring that the soldiers of the country would not
be satisfied until we had equalized the boun-
ties. They did not desire these land war-
rants ; and I call attention to the fact that
while half a cord almost of petitions for an
equalization of bounties have passed through
my hands by presentation to the House, I have
not received a single petition asking us to
give these bounty land warrants. The demand
of the man who really wishes a bounty land
warrant, that he may establish a home on the
public landg, is satisfied by the law of last
session.
Now, I do not propose to demagogue in this
matter here in this House. I propose to say
emphatically that I am opposed to the passage
of this act in any way. It is a poor return to the
grand, sterling patriotism of the men who
defended the Union. They deserve better
treatment from this Congress than that.
They shall receive land warrants which tney
cannot giveaway to a neighbor, however much
they may desire to do it. Conditions will exist
in these warrants which will make them worth-
less in the market. The lands are open to pre-
emption ; the homestead law is in force ; the
law of last June is in force, and who are to
ask for these ? Who want them ? Speculators
will seek them, and they will be able to secure
three hundred and twenty a<yes while the
soldier can obtain but one hundred and sixty.
Moreover, these soldiers who part with that
twenty-dollar warrant are forever afterward
debarred from asking or receiving any part of
the public domain. I say the public domain
ought to be protected ; but this law is a law
which wipes out our public domain. We have
in my own district entire sections that are
owned to-day by men in the East who plastered
them over with bounty land warrants. They are
non-residents. Those counties are blighted
by the effect of it. I agree with the gentle-
man from Illinois [Mr. Hawley] in his able
argument when he said these public lands
should be kept for actual settlers. Let these
public lands be a source of wealth, and let
homes be built up on them. Do not let land
sharks acquire these lands by land warrants.
They will get them for a mere song along the
streets in the great cities of the country.
The gentleman from Missouri says there are
soldiers in St. Louis who do not want these
land warrants. Then why give them these one
hundred and sixty acres of land? If they
want them as a matter of commerce, as a mat-
ter of value let us give them money. If we
owe them anything else, let us give them
money instead of land warrants, which will
be nearly worthless.
One word more in regard to the equaliza-
tion of bounties. We have had no report from
the Committee on Military Affairs as to the
result of the very large number of petitions
which have been presented to that committee.
We all know, Mr. Speaker, that it is felt
throughout the country that nothing like jus-
tice will be done to the soldier until we
equalize bounties. Some went into the service
without any bounty, and some went in with
a large bounty; some went early, and some
went late. This matter by the real soldiers
and by the friends of the soldiers has been
carefully canvassed, and it is the wish of the
soldiers of the country that the bounties be
equalized rather than this attempt to palm
on them aland warrant, which is substantially
worthless. If I hold in my own hands such
a warrant as it is proposed to give, what can I
do with it? I must go Out and locate it, or
sell it to some party who will give little or
nothing for it. Why will my neighbor give
me little or nothing for it? Because thepuolic
domain is opened op now almost without
price. He is unwilling to give me forty or fifty
dollars for the land warrant when he may go
upon land and preempt it for himself, or when
he may enter the public land under the home-
stead law.
One word in conclusion, Mr. Speaker. Let
me say that these public lands ought to be
kept as a source of development.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. HAWLEY, of Illinois. I will nowyield
for ten minutes to the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Townsend.]
Mr. TOWNSEND, of Pennsylvania. Mr.
Speaker, it may be naturally supposed this
proposition has received the attention of the
Committee on the Public Lands, and as one of
that committee I wish to say I have examined
very carefully the bill which was advocated so
ably yesterday by the gentleman from Michi-
gan, [Mr. Stoughton,] and attacked so forci-
bly by my colleague on the committee from
Illinois, [Mr. Hawley.] I am free to say I
believe every gentleman on that committee
feels this bill would be of immense disadvan-
tage to the soldier and to the nation at large.
The gentleman from Michigan said yester-
day that the soldiers of the country were ask-
ing for this bill. It may be that the soldiers
in his part, of the nation are desirous of the
passage of it,; but his experience in regard to
it is very different from mine. I can say posi-
tively, although this bill has been agitated for
many months during the last session of Con-
gress, although it has been printed and spread
broadcast throughout the land, although it was
well known to the people of Pennsylvania, yet
not a single word was ever spoken to me by
any soldier, and not a single letter was ever
written to me asking me to advocate the pass-
age of the bill. On the contrary, the soldiers
ot Pennsylvania feel it would be a great, dis-
advantage to them. The Grand Army of the
Republic for that State, in session at Easton
in February, 1872, expressed in resolutions
their disapprobation of the principles incor-
porated in this bill. They sent me those reso-
lutions, drawn up and adopted at that conven-
tion, which I beg leave to have read for the
benefit of the House, as they show precisely
the sentiments of the soldiers of Pennsylvania
in regard to the principles contained in this
bill.
The Clerk read as follows:
Headquarters Department Pennsylvania,
Grand Aemy op the Republic,
Easton, Pennsylvania, February 1, 1S72.
Dear Sir: We have the honor to present to your
notice the resolutions adopted by tho encampment
of Pennsylvania, at its annual session, January 2.5,
1872, in reference to congressional legislation in the
interests of the honorably discharged soldiers and
sailors who served during the late rebellion, and tor
the widows and orphans of the fallen :
1. Hctolvrd, ThatthedepartmentotPennsylvania,
Grand Army of the Republic, earnestly protests
against the passage of .any law granting one hundred
and sixty acres of land to honorably discharged sol-
diers and sailors, or their legal representatives,
without actual residence thereon, as being adverse
to a sound public policy in the distribution of the
public lands, locking out for years from the actual
settlers nearly three hundred and fifty million acres,
and in no way conferring any appreciable beneGt on
those it is proposed to serve.
2. That we cordially approve of an amendment to
the homestead laws, granting title to one hundred
and sixty acres of the public lands to all who served
in the Army and Navy during the rebellion, or the
legal representatives of those deceased, after two
years' residence thereon.
i 3. That we earnestly urge upon Congress the duty
, of passing the bill for an increase of pensions twenty
per cent.
4. That we heartily approve of the bill presented
i by General Stouuhton, of Michigan, December 11,
for the equalization of bounties, as being correct in
principle, and remedying much of the injustice done
thousands of our deserving comrades in the hasty
! passage of previous similar bills.
5. That a committee of five be appointed by the
commander to present to Congress the above reso- •
lutions.
I 6. That the Senators and Representatives from
, i this State are respectfully requested to assist tho
1 above committee and secure the passage of the
measures thus approved.
HOWARD J. REEDER,
JOHN F. H ART KAN FT,
LOUIS WAGNER,
UEORGEN. CORSON,
ROUT. IS. BEATH.
Committee.
FRANK REEDER,
Department Commander.
Mr. TOWNSEND, of Pennsylvania. Now
the House will observe that that, circular was
signed by the Governor-elect of Pennsylvania,
by the surveyor general of the State, and by
some of the most distinguished officers of the
Army who served during the late rebellion.
All of them feel that instead of it being an
advantage it would be a disadvantage to the
soldier, and also to the people at large. It'
this bill should pass it would, if the state-
ments of the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Hawley] who ably addressed you yesterday
be correct, allow four hundred and fifty mil-
lion acres to be taken up in claims. It
would allow certificates to that amount to be
issued by the land department of the Govern-
ment ; and when you take into considera-
tion the fact that in no year since the form-
ation of the Constitution to the present time
has there been more than seven or eight mil-
lion acres of land absorbed by actual settle-
ment, it would take some sixty-five years to
absorb all the claims that might be set afloat
by this bill.
This measure is said to be intended to bene-
fit the soldier. I want to know what benefit
it would be to him when such a large amount
of claims shall be sent abroad and put in the
hands of speculators ; because just, in propor-
tion as any article is in redundancy in the
market, just in that same proportion will its
price depreciate. Under this measure, if
