THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 5,
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I object to
the consideration of the bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
placed on the Calendar.
Mr. RICE, from the Committee on Indian
Affairs, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
1282) to authorize the Secretary of the Inte-
rior to negotiate with the chiefs and headmen
of the Crow tribe of Indians for the surrender
of their reservation in the Territory of Mon-
tana, reported it with an amendment.
Mr. FftELINGEUYSRN. I-am'directed
by the Committee on the Judiciary, to whom
■was- referred the bill (S. No. 83&) declaring
the'true construction of a statute, being in
fact the two per cent, claim of Ohio, Indiana,
and Illinois, to report it back with a written
report adverse to the claim and recomttiend-
ihg the indefinite postponement of the bill. I
move that the report be printed.
Mr. THURMAN. I want the bill placed
titt the Calendar; and I submit the views of
the minority of the Committee on the Judi-
ciary on that bill, and ask that they be printed
■with the report of the majority.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will
be placed on the Calendar, and the report
ordered to be printed with the views of the
fflioority.
Mr. ANTHONY, from the Committee on
Naval Affairs, to whom was referred the peti-
tion- of' William W, Low, praying to be allowed
the difference between the pay he actually
received and the pay of a lieutenant in the
Navy for a certain period, submitted a report,
accompanied by a bill (S. No. 1526) for the
fcelief of William W. Low, now a captain on
the aeti-re list of the United States Navy.
The bill was read, and passed to a second
reading; and the report was ordered to be
printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Grace B. Peck,
widow of Captain Elisha Peck, of the United
States Navy, praying that the act of January
1l! 1867 bo so construed as to declare her
16,
entitled to the benefit of the pay of her late
husbttnd as captain from the date of his com-
mission, September 14, 1865, to February 19,
1868, submitted a report, accompanied by a
bill (S. No. 1525) for the the relief of Grace
B. Peck.
The bill was read, and passed to a second
reading; and the report was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. hERRY, of Connecticut, from the Com-
mittee on Patents and the Patent Office, to
whom was referred the petition of E. P. Tor-
sey and William B. Tillon, praying for an ex-
tension of letters- patent for an improvement in
door-springs, submitted a report, accompanied
by a bill (S. No. 1522) for the relief of E. P.
lorrey and W. B. Tillon.
The bill was read, and passed to a second
reading; and the report was ordered to be
printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was recommitted the bill (S. No. 840) for the
relief of Anson Atwood, reported it with
amendments; and submitted a report, which
was ordered to be printed.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN, from the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs, to whom was re-
ferred the petition of John H. Pendery, pray-
ing compensation for legal services rendered
to certain Indians, submitted a report, accom-
panied by a bill (8. No. 1624) for the relief of
John a. Pendery, surviving partner of Pendery
o: Gamble, attorneys.
1 lie bill was read, and passed to a second
reading ; and the report was ordered to be
printed.
He also, from the Committee on the Judici-
al p° W4u°m r,ef® 'ed the bill (S. No.
u ,\ 0T lh,e r6Hf 0f EUen Cal1 Long, only
child and heir of R.chard K. Call, deceased,
submitted an adverse report; which was ordered
to be printed. And he moved the indefinite
postponement of the bill.
Mr. COOPER. I ask that that bill be
placed on the Calendar.
The VICE PRESIDENT. _ The bill will
be placed on the Calendar, with the adverse
report of the committee.
Mr. EDMUNDS, from the Committee on
the Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 1201) to facilitate the administration
of justice, reported adversely thereon ; and the
bill was postponed indefinitely.
Mr. CRAGIN. The Committee on Naval
Affairs, to whom was referred the bill (H. R.
No. 8721) for the relief of the widow of Alex-
ander P. Crossman, deceased, late commander
United States Navy, have directed me to report
it back without amendment, and recommend its
passage. This is a very plain little bill, and if
there be no objection I should like to have it
considered at the present time.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I hope it will be con-
sidered on the Calendar with others to which
there is no objection.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Vermont objects; and the bill will be placed
on the Calendar.
Mr, CRAG1N, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
1440) for the relief of Nathaniel McKay, re-
ported it without amendment.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, from the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs, to whom was referred
the bill (S. No. 1389) for the relief of George
W. Lawrence, reported it without amend-
ment.'
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 1340) for the re-
lief of Stephen Larrabee and A. L, Allen,
reported it without amendment.
Mr. NORWOOD, from the Committee on
Revolutionary Claims, to whom was referred
the petition of the heirs of Lieutenant Colonel
Uriah Forrest, submitted a report, accompanied
by a bill (S. No. 1528) for the relief of Ann
Green and Maria Bohrer, heirs at law of
Lieutenant Colonel Uriah Forrest.
The bill was rea.d and passed to the second
reading; and the' report was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. HOWE. I move that the Committee
on Claims be discharged from the further con-
sideration of the bill (H. R. No. 2781) for the
relief of Henry A. F. Worth, and that the bill
be referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Tbe motion was agreed to.
relief of dkstitdtk Indians in Nevada.
Mr. HARLAN. The Committee on Indian
Affairs, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
1514) for the temporary relief of the Indians
at Camp McDermit, in Humboldt county, Ne-
vada, have instructed me to report it back
without amendment, and to ask unanimous
consent that it be put on its passage. The
honorable .Senator from Nevada [Mr. Stew-
art] will explain the necessity for immediate
action.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee oi the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill. It directs the Secretary of War
to issue such rations of food and ciotlmi" to
the Indians about Camp McDermit, in Hum-
boldt county, Nevada, as may be necessary to
save such Indians from destitution and starva-
tion until such time as provision shall be made
for them through the Interior Department.
Mr. STL WART. These Indians were
taken as prisoners of war some three or four
years ago. They were fed at Camp McDermit
lit a cost of about fe3,000 a year each winter
fiom that time till uow. This winter, for
some reason, I presume because there was no
appropriation, the military authorities have
ceased to feed them, and they are m a starv-
ing condition. This information comes from
the Governor and State officers of Nevada, in
a letter stating particularly all the facts con-
nected with it. It will cost about $3,000 to feed
these Indians over this winter, and then the
interior Department can take some charge of
them. The Interior Department have had
nothing to do with them, as they were captured
as prisoners of war, and fed by the military
authorities.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
BILLS introduced.
Mr. SAWYER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1527) to amend an act to provide for
the redemption and sale of lands held by tbe
United States under the several acts levying
direct taxes, and for other purposes; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the
Committee on Finance, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM asked, and by unani-
mous consent obtained, leave to introduce a
bill (S. No. 1528) to extend the time for filing
claims for additional bounty under the act of
July 28, 1866 ; which was read twice by its
title, referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan, asked, and by
unanimous consent obtained, leave to intro-
duce a bill (S. No. 1529) to provide for the
holding of additional terms of the district and
circuit courts of the United States in the State
of Michigan, and for other purposes ; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. RICE asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1530) to incorporate the Utah Railroad
and Mining Company ; which was read twice
by its title, _ referred to the Committee on
Mines and Mining, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. HITCHCOCK (by request) asked, and
by unanimous consent obtained, leave to in-
troduce a bill (S. No. 1531) to establish the
Corcoran Park and Zoological Gaidens near
the capital in the District of Columbia, and
incorporate a society to maintain the same,
and a company to construct a street, railroad
thereto ; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on the District of
Columbia, and ordered to be printed.
He also^ asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1532) to vest the power of establishing
post roads with the Postmaster General; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the
Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. FENTON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1533) for the relief of Charles W. Berry,
late private of the thirty-sixth regiment Wis-
consin volunteers; which was read twice by
its title, referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
fle also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (8. No.
1534) for the relief of William Rood, late
private of the thirty-sixth regiment Wisconsin
volunteers ; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. PATTERSON asked, and by uuani-
?nUf i col?s®nt obtained, leave to iutroduce a
bill (S. No. 1535) to provide a board of sur-
vey for the county of Washington, in the
District of Columbia; which was read twice
by its title, referred to the Committee on the
District of Columbia, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. WINDOM asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (N
No. 1536) for the relief of Joseph Nock ";
which was read twice by its title, referred to
. Committee on Claims, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. WINDOM. I yesterday presented the
memorial of this claimant, which was refened
to the Committee on Patents. I ra0ve now
that that reference be changed, and that the
