1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
133
passed, there would then be something like four
hundred and fifty million acres of claims. Of
that amount only seven or eight millions can
be absorbed in any one year. All the rest
would be pressing upon the market, and the
soldier who might be hard up for money, who
was suffering under a fit of impecuniosity,
would sell Ins claim for five or ten cents per
acre. It would not, in all probability, realize
that amount. It would amount comparatively
to nothing for his benefit, but it would be of
value to the speculator, who would buy up his
claim, aud who would be sufficiently dishonest
to put on the land an irresponsible man to erect
a little shantv, scratch up a small piece of land
for a potato patch, and place a few effects
thereon, and would then go 011 recklessly and
carelessly to swear he had made settlement
and cultivation. This has been the abuse
heretofore with regard to all the land warrants,
and it would be the abuse hereafter.
Now let me reply to the gentleman from
Michigan [Mr. Stoughton] m regard to what
he said as to the Mexican claims. It will be
recollected that at one time they were worth
money in the market, because there was then
110 homestead law to compete with them, and
yet Mr. Wilson, the Commissioner of the Laud
Office, in one of his late reports tells you that
not one in five hundred was located by actual
settlers.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. HAW LEY, of Illinois. I, yield the
remainder of my time to the gentleman from
Connecticut. [Mr. Hawley.]
Mr. HAWLEY,ofConnecticut. Mr. Speaker,
I had no idea of addressing any remarks to
the House at this early period of the session.
But I have been greatly surprised to find that
there are in this House so many friends of
what I consider an extraordinary bill, and I
cannot help adding a word to what has been
said against it. I may as well begin by going
on with what the gentleman who has .just
spoken has referred to—the land warrants
granted to soldiers of the war of 1812 and of
the Mexican war. I believe seventy-three
million acres were given to those soldiers.
Those seventy-three million acres, if retained
and sold by the Government, would have
brought $91,000,000. I do not believe they
realized to the soldiers themselves an aver-
age of twenty-five cents per acre. I will call
it fifty cents. Then the soldiers actually get
$36,000,000, while $91,000,000 worth ($1 26
per acre) were parted with, the Government
really losing $55,000,000 for the sake of giv-
ing the soldiers $36,000,000. But I will sap-
pose that the settlers baying the certificates
from the soldiers gave on an average two dol-
lars an acre, then the lands cost the actual
settler something like $156,000,000 for the
sake of giving soldiers $36,000,000. Now,
i cannot see that a more favorable estimate of
the grant to the soldiers of the war of 1812
and the Mexican war can be made than this.
The actual settlers paid $156,000,000, of which
§36,000,000 went to soldiers and the rest mostly
to speculators. That is the way that bounty
worked.
Now, what is the present condition of affairs?
Any man who desires to go and settle upon
our public lands can go there under the pre-
emption law. You are familiar with the pro-
visions of that law and I need not refer to
them. He can also go there under the pro-
visions of the homestead law, to which this
act more especially refers, and by living upon
the land and cultivating it for five years he can
obtain a deed for it, and if be has been a
soldier he can have the time which he served
deducted from that five years. Let us suppose
that that time would average two and a half
years, then by an actual residence on the land
for two and a half years he will get a deed
for the land.
Now, what does this bill propose ? It is said
that there are certain soldiers who will never
go upon the public lands, and that they should
have an advantage given to them equivalent to
that given to the soldier who can go upon the
land. Therefore, they are to have a land war-
rant, with certificate of service attached, and
they may locate the warrant,which shall be good
for a year, and they may sell and assign the war-
rant. Now, what will be the market price of
these warrants? Supposing that the men who
take them have served on an average two and a
half years, they could settle and get deeds in
two and a half years instead of waiting five
years, as a civilian must under the homestead
law. Let us suppose that.it costs the soldier
five dollars to get his certificate through some
claim agent and five dollars more to get hi3
lands located; his certificate is then worth
ten dollars to him. How much will he get for
it ? Its only value is the privilege of getting a
deed in half the usual term of residence.
The market price will depend upon the num-
ber thrown on the market. How much of this
scrip there will be in the market depends on
now much faith the soldiers put in you. There
were two million six hundred thousand sol-
diers in the war. The dead are not all repre-
sented by heirs; many are counted two or
three times; or I will be liberal and say that
only two millions would have rights under this
bill, and that one tenth of them apply for the
scrip. How much of it will there be in the
market? There will be two hundred thousand
competitors to sell the scrip, which will expire
in one year and will be useless after that time.
They will cover thirty-two million acres.
This being the case these warrants would not
be worth five dollars in the market. I doubt
if they would be worth one dollar, and they
would cost the soldier ten dollars. I say,
therefore, that this bill will be practically a
fraud upon the soldiers.
But, sir, we are told that the soldiers of this
country require some legislation of this kind.
I do not believe it. I believe they are like any
other class of patriotic citizens, and desire you
to do what is best for the whole country, and
not to legislate for their selfish interests alone.
Sir, I fall behind no man in a desire to do jus-
tice to the soldiers of the country, to equalize
their bounties, to equalize their pensions. They
ask nothing more than justice, and I believe
you could not get a convention of one thou-
sand soldiers impartially collected who, after
argument, would vote in favor of this measure.
Sir, during"*the late campaign, if I may be
permitted to refer to it, there was a convention
of thirty or forty tbouBand soldiers at Pitts-
burg. There were present some who urged
that Congress should be asked to give a land
warrant to every soldier. The convention
refused to entertain any such scheme to give
away three hundred and twenty million acres.
Every influential, every intelligent soldier I
knew who carefully considered the full effect
of such a measure also refused to have any-
thing to do with it; but the convention passed
a resolution Sftying that they were grateful to
the Congress of the United States for what had
already been done f6r the soldiers, and were
perfectly content to leave in the bands of Con-
gress any future claim for honor or remunera-
tion. I repeat, I do not believe you cau get
ten thousand, or five thousand, or even one
thousand of the intelligent soldiers of this
country who would ask for the passage of this
bill if it were thoroughly discussed before
them.
But suppose the soldiers of the country did
ask for it, not having thoroughly discussed and
considered it, it would still remain the duty of
this House to investigate the matter very care-
fully, and if it should appear that it was not
for the good of the country to refuse to pass
it; and I have no doubt that the soldiers,
who are said to be more patriotic than other
citizens, but who I claim only to be equally
patriotic with any other citizens, would sub-
mit in perfect cheerfulness and in good faith
to whatever Congress might deem it proper
to do.
But I hold, as I have ever done, most rigidly
to the policy of reserving the public lands to
actual settlers. What would be the effect of
passing this bill? There would be hundreds
of thousands of claims to the public lands the
life of which would be only one year ; and
, what would the honest settler, the man who
I really desired to settle on the public lands, be
: able to do? He could not tell within a hun-
I dred miles where to settle. Let him go upon
! any given tract of a hundred square miles and
I he would be told that it was all covered by
these soldiers'claims. He might reply, "They
j will live for only one year; I will wait for a
I year and see what claims will then expire and
; take the land now covered by one of them."
j But at the end of the year he would find that
the speculators had arranged to cover the tract
with a new claim and to run still another
year. Under this bill three hundred and twenty
million acres of public lands might be plas-
1 tered all over with soldier land warrants or
claims running only a year unless actual set-
tlement followed, and which would be worth
little or nothing in the market, confusing titles,
promising the soldier something but realizing
him nothing, retarding real settlement, and
filling the pockets of middle-men'and specu-
lators. I say it is time for Congress to put a
stop to this indiscriminate throwing away of
. the public lands.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. DONNAN. Pending the motion to
recommit this bill, I ask unanimous consent
to amend it in line fifty-five, section one, by
striking out "two years" and inserting "one
year." That was the time agreed upon by the
eommittee, and it should have been so printed
in the bill, and will make it correspond with
existing laws.
I apprehend that the policy of the Govern-
ment to reserve the lands for actual settlers
for homesteads is well defined. In advocat-
ing this bill I do not propose to step aside
from that policy for a moment, nor would I
advocate it upon this floor or anywhere else
if I believed it turned aside from that policy
of the country. The occasion for this bill is
to be found in the defects of the present law.
What are those defects? The law passed at
the last session is fatally defective for the
interests of the soldiers and of settlers upon
the public lands in three particulars. The
first defect is this: all those who have here-
tofore taken, under the homestead laws of
the country, only eighty acres ought to be
permitted to take up an additional eighty
acres contiguous to what they already have,
or, if none is to be had there, then to take it
somewhere else. The present law actually
prevents them in many cases from obtaining
any additional land by compelling them to find
land contiguous to their homesteads. Hence,
the result is those who have taken up one
piece of eighty acres are virtually debarred
from taking any more.
Mr. HAWLEY, of Illinois. Byalawpassed
at the last session of Congress any soldier who
has taken up one parcel of eighty acres can
take up a contiguous eighty-acre piece. I un -
derstand the gentleman to say that they should
be allowed to take up the additional eighty
acres anywhere that it can be found. Then
how can the homestead principle be made to
apply to that additional eighty acres ? Would
it not be simply a land warrant for eighty
.acres?
Mr. DONNAN. Not by any means. The
party probably has long had bis title for
eighty acres. Under the provisions of this
bill he can prove up and obtain his patent
for the other eighty acres.
Mr. HAWLEY, of Illinois. Can he live
upon both parcels of land at tfce same time ?
Mr. DONNAN. He is not compelled to
live continuously upon the laud for which he
has received a patent from the Government.
On the contrary, he ought to be authorised
to go and reside upon the additional eighty
