1878.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
109 T
memorial go with the bill to the Committee
ou Claims.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SCOTT (by request) asked, and by
unanimous consent obtained, leave to intro-
duce a bill (S. No. 1537) supplemental to an
act entitled ''An act to incorporate the Texas
Pacific Railroad Company, and to aid in the
construction of its road, and for other pur-
poses," approved March 3, 1871; which was
read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on the Pacific Railroad, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. CONKLING (by request) asked, and
by unanimous consent obtained, leave to intro-
duce a bill (S. No. 1538) authorizing the Pub-
lie Printer to print the international report on
life insurance ; which was read twice by its
title, and referred to the Committee on Print-
ing.
AMENDMENTS TO APPROPRIATION BILLS.
Mr. ROBERTSON submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the
bill (H. R. No. 3258) making appropriations
for the consular and diplomatic service of the
Government for the year ending June 30, 1874,
and for other purposes ; which was referred to
the Committee on Appropriations, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. CRAGIN submitted an amendment
intended to be proposed to the bill (H. R. No.
3351) making appropriations for the naval ser-
vice for the year ending June 30, 1874, and
for other purposes; which was referred to the
Committee on Appropriations, and ordered to
be printed.
GOVERNMENT 01 ARKANSAS.
Mr. RICE. I offer the following resolution,
and ask for its present consideration :
Retolvecl, That the Committee on Privileges and
Elections be instructed to inquire and report to the
Senate whether there is ail existing legal State gov-
ernment in Arkansas, and how and by whom it is
constituted.
Mr. CONKLING. The Committee on
Privileges and Elections is absent in all its
members, I believe. I know nothing about
this resolution, but knowing what that com-
mittee is charged with already, I suggest to
the Senator that unless he has conferred with
the committee he had better let it lie.
Mr. RICE. I have conferred with that com-
mittee, and notified them that I would intro-
duce the resolution.
Mr. CONKLING. Shall I understand the
Senator to say that the Committee on Privi-
leges and Elections do favor it?
Mr. RICE. They did not signify any dis-
sent or favor when I notified them that I should
introduce the resolution.
Mr. CLAYTON. Let the resolution be
read. I did not hear it when it was presented.
The Chief Clerk read the resolution.
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut. Mr. Presi-
dent, I feel myself constrained to object to
the consideration of that resolution this morn-
ing, and I will state why. A similar resolu-
tion in regard to the State of Louisiana^ was
passed without consideration some time since.
The developments which have taken place in
executing that resolution in the Committee on
Privileges and Elections, and the reflection
which I have given to the matter since have
led me to the conclusion that the Senate is
exceeding its powers in attempting to carry put
a resolution of that description. I therefore
object to its present consideration.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution
will be placed on the Calendar.
IUON-SIIIP YARDS.
Mr. CRAGIN. I wish to give notice that
to-morrow at one o'clock I will ask that the
unfinished business bo laid aside informally in
order to enable me to call np the bill (S. ISo.
1098) to establish an iron-ship building-yaru
oti the waters falling into the Atlantic, and an
iron-ship building-yard on the Mississippi or
one of its tributaries, and to afford facilities to
the Navy, for the purpose" of submitting some
remarks.
PENSION COMMITTEE'S BUSINESS.
Mr. PRATT. I move that this day week,
Wednesday next, be set apart for the consid-
eration of bills reported upon by the Commit-
tee on Pensions. There are very many such
bills on the Calendar which have not been
considered. Some of them have been reported
adversely and will lead to debate. There is
one bill in particular which I now hold in my
hand; it is a House bill which revises, con
solidates, and amends the laws relating to
pensions. Since the 4th of March, 1861, there
has been a great deal of legislation, as the
Senate is well aware, on the subject of pen-
sions. No less than eight or nine, different
acts have been passed. The purpose of this,
bill is to consolidate, to revise, and to-amend
them. Itis an important bill, containing forty-
odd sections, and the reading of it will occupy
some time. I therefore desire the Senate to
agree that a day be set apart for the consider-
ation of this bill and"other bills reported from
the Committee on Pensions.
The VICE PRESIDENT. What day does
the Senator suggest?
Mr. PRATT. I suggested next Wednesday.
I am not particular about the time so that some
particular day be fixed upon. It is not prob-
able that the consideration of this bill will
occupy more than a couple of hours.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state to the Senator that this day week the
Senate and House of Representatives have to
meet together in joint convention for the
purpose of counting the electoral votes. The
order can be made, but it will be subject to
that contingency, which will probably destroy it.
Mr. PRATT. I will change my motion
then by substituting Friday of next week.
Mr. ANTHONY. I suggest to my friend
from Indiana whether he would not better
accomplish his purpose by setting aside the
day which he designates for the Calendar of
unobjected cases, which would sweep away I
suppose nine tenths of his cases and a great
many others. I think we have gone further
than the end of the Calendar as it stood when
we adopted that rule, and are now upon bills
that have been reported since the rule was
adopted. It has worked very well, and I
think if a day could be set apart for the con-
sideration of those bills we could dispose of
those, and afterward act on the objected cases
from the Senator's committee.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state that the call of the Calendar of unob-
jected cases has reached to reports of January
20, 1873, and there are eight pages not yet
gone over under what is known as the Anthony
rule. The Chair will also state that many
bills objected to have been debated at some
length, such as the Japanese indemnity fund
bill, &c., so that the time devoted to unob-
jected bills has been somewhat curtailed by
debate upon bills which gave rise to some
debate.
Mr. PRATT. There are two bills in partic-
ular that may lead to some considerable dis-
cussion, emanating from the Committee on
Pensions; the one I have already spoken of,
which revises, consolidates, and amends all
the pension laws on the statute-book, and the
other, which is still under consideration in the
Committee on Pensions but will probably be
reported upon at their next meeting, amending
the law of February 14, 1871, granting pen-
sions to the soldiers and sailors of the war of
1812 and their widows. Tt is very likely that
the consideration of that bill will lead to con-
siderable discussion. I therefore suggest that
the committee ought to have some say, and I
have substituted Friday of next week in my
motion for Wednesday.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Indiana asks that Friday week shall be
assigned, after one o'clock, for the considera-
tion of bills reported from the Committee on
Pensions.
Mr. COLE. The request of the Senator
from Indiana is to my mind an extraordinary
one, asking that a day be set apart for the
consideration of some bills that are still in
committee that have not even been reported
to the Senate. We have not got through
with the Calendar yet. We are balked about
getting at it every morning nearly, and I
must object in the present stage of business
to setting apart a day for the consideration
of any particular class of bills. As was sug-
gested by the Chair, the end that the Sen-
ator from Indiana has in view can be reached
by getting at the Calen-dar and disposing
in that way of unobjected cases. As to the
bill which is still in committee, which will
lead to a great deal of discussion, I think that
can very well go over until the next session,
and in all probability it will have to do so. I
doubt very much if it can be passed at this ses-
sion, even if a day be set apart for its consid-
eration. I must object to anything like unan-
imous consent, at all events, and shall object
to any motion setting apart a day for the con-
sideration of these bills.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from California objects.
Mr. POOL. There are on the Calendar four
or five- bills from the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims that ought to be disposed of,
and I shall have to ask the indulgence of the
Senate at some time to take those cases up.
Some of them were called on the Calendar in
my absence. I was hoping that possibly I
might get an opportunity during the morning
hour to ask the Senate to take them up and
consider them ; but really they ought to be dis-
posed of. The Committee on Revolutionary
Claims has troubled the Senate but very little,
and I hope those bills will be disposed of.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state to the Senator from North Carolina that,
during his absence, on the motion of the Sen-
ator from Ohio, [Mr. Sherman,] it was ordered
that the remainder of the morning hour after
the morning business and all other time nofe
specially assigned be devoted to the consider-
ation of bills unobjected to under the Anthony
rule. ,
Mr. PRATT. I will inquire if a single
objection prevails against the motion which I
made ? If it does not, I should like to take
the sense of the Senate upon it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
can offer it as a resolution and have it lie over
one day, and when reached in regular course,
by formal motion, it can be taken up, dis-
cussed, and acted upon by the Senate. In its
present stage it requires unanimous consent.
If the Senator will reduce his motion to the
form of a resolution and place it on the Cal-
endar, he may call it up at any future time.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. WIND 031. I ask consent to make a
report from a committee of conference at this
time. I send the report to the Chair, and ask
to have it read.
The Chief Clerk read the following report:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the amendments to the
bill (H. B. 29S9) making appropriations lor the
current and contingent expenses of the Indian de-
partment, and for fulfilling treaty stipulations with
various Indian tribes for the year ending June o0,
1874, and for other purposes, having met, utter tall
and free conference, have agreed to recommend, and
do recommend, to their respective Houses as follows:
That the House ot Representatives recede iroui its
amendments to the amendments of the Senate num-
bered thirteen and fourteen, and agree to the same.
That the Senate recede from its disagreement to
the amendments of the House to the twenty-third,
thirty-second, and thirty-ninth amendments 01 the
Senate, and agree to the same. .
That the House recede from its disagreement to
the first amendment of the Senate, and agree to the
same with the following amendment, to wit, in
page 1, line six, ol' the bill, after the word tubes,
insert the following: "and where tne exigencies ot
the service require it, goods and supplies lor the
Indian service for tbe fiscal year ending JuneoO,
1874, may be purchased and transported during tlie
