1098
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 5,
current fiscal year;" and that the Senate agree to
the same.
That the Senate recede from its thirty-fifth amend-
ment, and agree to the clause of the bill proposed by
said'amendment to be stricken out, amended so aa
to read as follows:
Provided* That the several appropriations herein
made for teachers, millers, blacksmiths, engineers,
carpenters, physicians, and 6ther persons, and for
various articles provided for by treaty stipulation,
may be diverted to other uses for the benefit of the
various Indian tribes, within the discretion of the
President, and with the consent of said tribes, ex-
pressed in the usual manner, and that he cause
report to be made to Congress, at its next session
thereafter, of his action under this provision.
And that the House agree to the same.
That the Senate-recede from its disagreement to
the amendment of the House to the fortieth amend-
ment of the Senate, and agree thereto, with an
amendment, so that the clause to be inserted shall
read as follows, to wit:
Sec. 6. That there shall be appointed bythe Presi-
dent, by and with the advice and consent of the
Senate,asufficientmimberoflndian inspectors, not
exceeding five in number, to perform the duties
herein required. Each inspector shall hold his office
for four years, unless sooner removed by the Presi-
dent, and he shall receive an annual salary of
$3,000 and his necessary traveling expenses, not
exceeding ten cents a mile for actual travel, while
in the discharge of bis duty, a statement of which
expenses as to each inspeotor shall accompany
the annual report of the Secretary of the Interior.
Each Indian superintendency and agency shall be
visited and examined as often as twice a year
by one or more of the inspectors. Such exam-
ination shall extend to a full investigation of all
matters pertaining to the business of the superin-
tendency, or agency, including an examination of
accounts, the manner of expending money, the num-
ber of Indians provided for, contracts of all kinds
oonnected with the business, the condition of the
Indians, their advancement in civilization, the ex-
tent of the reservations, and what use is made of the
lands set apart for that purpose, and, generally, all
matters pertaining to the Indian service. For the
purpose of making such investigations, each in-
spector shall havo power to examine all books,
papers, and vouchers, to administer oaths, and to
examino on oath all officers and persons employed
in tho superintendency or agency, and all such other
porsonsas ho maydeoin necessary or proper. The
inspectors, or any one of them, shall havo power to
suspend any superintendent or agent or eraploy6,
and to designate some person in his place tempo-
rarily, subject to the approval of the Prosidont, mak-
ing immediate report ofsuch suspension and designa-
tion; and upon the conclusion of oaoh examination, a
report shall bo forwarded to the President without
delay. Tho inspectors, in the discharge of their du-
ties, jointly ana individually, shall have power, by
proper legal proceedings, which it shall be tho duty
of tho district attorney of tho United States for the
appropriate district duly to effectuate, to enforce
the laws, and to prevent the violation of law in tho
administration of affairs in the soveral agencies and
superintondonoies. So far as practicable, the exam-
inations of tho agcncies and superintendences shall
be mado alternately by different inspectors, so that
the same agency or superintendency may not be
examined twice in succession by the same inspector
or inspectors: Provided, That alter the 30th of June,
1673, the offices of four of tho superintendents of In-
dian aflairs, and of the clerks to such superintend-
ents, are hereby abolished, and the amount herein-
before appropriated for salaries of said officers, or so
much thereof as may be neoessary, is hereby appro-
priated to pay the salaries and traveling expenses
ot said inspectors. And the President may assign
the remaining four superintendents to jurisdiction
ovor such agoneieaas he may deem proper; or, in his
discretion, dispense with any or all of the said super-
intendents and their clerks: Provided, That there
shall not be paid or allowed to any person whatever
any fees or rownrd for services, in connection with
the subject-matter referred to in the third section of
tins act. either on account of the United States, or
of tho Choctaws, until furthor action of Congress in
the matter, and providing for such allowance and
payment; and that the House agree to the same.
WM. WTISTDOM,
JAS. IIAELAN,
J. W. STEVENSON,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
A. A. SARGENT,
JOHN P. C. SlIANKS,
S. S. MARSHALL,
Managers on the part of the Bouse,
Mr. WINDOM. The report of the confer-
ence committee shows so fullv the action of
that committee that I presume I need not
take the time of the Senate to exolain it fur-
ther, at least at any length.
There were eight disagreeing votes, which
were referred to the committee of confer-
ence. The first of these was upon the amend-
ment offered by the Senator from Vermont
[Mr. Edmunds] providing that the appropri-
ation should be made for the fiscal year ending
June 30, 1874, to which the House disagreed.
In the conference the House disagreed from
their receding vote, with an amendment, to
which the Senate committee agreed. ^ That
amendment has been read, fully disclosing its
effect.
Mr. SHERMAN. What is that amend-
ment?
Mr. WINDOM. It is as follows:
And where the exigencies of the service require
it, goods and supplies for the Indian service for the
fiscal year ending June 30, 1874, may be purchased
and transported during the current fiscal year.
The objectof that modification was to enable
the Department to anticipate the money that
would be drawn for this service before June
30, in order that the goods an d_ supplies may
be purchased in time to be shipped to their
destination so as to be received by the Indians
next summer.
The amendments thirteen and fourteen,
which the House amended, and from which
action the House receded, were in relation
to the Apaches and Arapahoes. The Senate
amendments provided for payment to those
Indians going upon reservations of not exceed-
ing $150 per head per capita per annum. The
House struck out $100 and inserted fifty dollars.
Upon full consideration it was deemed advis-
able, and upon consultation with the Depart-
ment, to make it $100, and the conference
committee has so reported.
The twenty-third amendment, from the dis-
agreement to the amendment of the House to
which the Senate recede, is in relation to the
large appropriation for 'the Sioux Indians,
which was discussed somewhat at length by
the Senate and struck out. It will be found
on page 55 of the bill. As the provision stood
when considered by the Senate, it was for the
purchase of seven million three hundred thou-
sand pounds of beef and the same quantity of
flour for twenty thousand persons, and the
estimates show that this was a larger sum than
was necessary for that purpose; but upon full
investigation of the question it is ascertained
that the supplies to these Indians are not con-
fined to these articles, but that very many other
articles are supplied to them, and we are com-
pelled to supply them in order to preserve the
peace. The amendment is modified so as to
cover these articles, and the original amount
is agreed to.
The thirty-second amendment is relative to
the removal of the Winnebago Indians, to
which the House added an amendment, to
which the conferees on the part of the
Senate agreed.
The thirty-ninth amendment is simply a
formal one, striking out the words " Com-
missioner of Indian Affairs."
The thirty-fifth amendment is in relation to
teachers, blacksmiths, &c. As the bill came
from the House originally, it provided that
the several appropriations made for teachers,
millers, blacksmiths, engineers, carpenters,
physicians, and other persons, and for the
various articles provided for by treaty stipula-
tions, might be diverted to other uses for t.he
benefit of the various Indian tribes, within the
discretion of the President, and with the con-
sent of the tribes, expressed in the usual man-
ner, to which the Senate added an amendment
that—
_ It shall be the duty of the Secretary of the Inte-
rior to report to each session of Congress any of
the appropriations provided for by treaty stipula-
tions that may be dispensed with, and recommend
to what other objects or purposes, if any, such appro-
priation or appropriations should be applied.
The Senate recede from their amendment,
and the original provision is agreed to with
an amendment requiring the Secretary of the
Interior to report the action under that clause.
The fortieth and last amendment relates to
inspectors. The House amended the Senate
provision upon that subject by abolishing ail
the superintendents. The Senate disagreed
to that, and the committee of conference,
believing that the proposition was somewhat
too radical a measure until we understand
somewhat better than we do now what will be
the effect of this new commission, strike out
four of the eight superintendents and provide
that the salary appropriated for those four
superintendents and their clerks, eight per-
sons in all, shall be applied to the payment of
these five -inspectors.
I believe what I have stated covers the
ground of the disagreeing votes; and unless
some gentleman desires to ask me a question
I shall not make any further remark.
The report was concurred in.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the tlouse ot txepresema-
fives by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the following bills ;
in which it requested the concurrence of the
Senate:
A bill (H. R. No. 1444) granting a pension
to Susan Davis, dependent mother of William
W. Davis, deceased, late a private in company
E one hundred and third regiment Penn-
sylvania infantry volunteers;
A bill (H. R. No. 1619) granting a pension
to Benjamin F. Berkley ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1800) granting a pension
to Samuel Shuler, late a private in company
E sixty-first regiment Pennsylvania infantry
volunteers;
A bill (H. R. No. 2577) granting a pension
to Elizabeth J. Ewing, of Sparta, Illinois;
A bill (H. R. No. 3349) to amend an act
entitled "An act for the relief of Lieutenant
HermanTuerk," approved February 25, 1863 ;
A bill (H. R. No. 3589) granting a pension
to Mary E. Grrosvenor ;
A bill (H. R. No, 3795) in amendment of
an act granting pensions to the survivors of
the war of 1812, approved February 14, 1871,
and for other purposes ;
A bill (H. R. No. 3796) granting a pension
to Emily Booth;
A bill (H. R. No. 3797) granting a pension
to Ada Lois Harrison ;
A bill (H. R. No. 3798) granting a pension
to James a Sanders :
A bill (H. R. No. 3799) granting a pension
to Antoine Brossa;
A bill (H. R. No. 3800) granting a pension
to Job S. GrofF;
A bill (H. R. No. 3801) granting a pension
to Mary E. Foster;
A bill (H. R. No. 3802) granting a pension
to Obadiah Whiston;
A bill (H. R. No. 3803) granting a pension
to James C. Bates, of Indiana ;
A bill (H. R. No. 3805) granting a pension
to Martha Till'otson ;
A bill (H. R. No. 3807) granting a pension
to William D. Tomlinson ;
A bill (H. R. No. 3815) granting a pension
to James P. Rader;
A bill (H. R. No. 3808) granting a pension
to Chancy J. Poore ;
A bill (H. R. No. 3809) granting a pension
to Henry H. Kaiser;
A bill (H. R. No. 3810) granting a pension
to Anderson W. Seott;
A bill (H. R. No. 3811) granting a pension
to James McKean ;
A bill (H. R. No. 3812) granting a pension
to Ann Woods;
A bill (H. R. No. 3813) granting a pension
to Samuel Barnett;
A bill (H. R. No. 3806) granting a pension
to Millie A. Powell;
A bill (H. R. No. 3814) granting a pension
to Samuel R. Allen ;
A bill (H. R. No. 3823) granting a pension
to Margaret Conyers;
A bill (H E. No. 3817) granting a pension
to Creorge W. Bradley ;
A bill (H. R. No. 3818) granting a pension
to Harriet W. Wilkinson ;
. i,bl11 R.- S819) granting a pension
to i homas Smith ;
A bill (H R No. 3820) granting a pension
to 1 homas R. Hardwick; and
to Mary ilui^ ******* & P6nsi°n
The message also announced that the House
