2058
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
of Kentucky and the United States, executed a
mortgage to Isaac Caldwell and Dean Richmond to
secure bonds named in said mortgage, some ofwhich
are out and unpaid, and said canal company may
owe other debts; and whereas it is right and proper
that the Government of the United States should
assume the control and management of said canal:
Therefore,
" .Beitresolvedbythe General Assembly of Kentucky,
That the president and directors of the Louisville
and Portland Canal Company are hereby authorized
and directed to surrender the said canal and all the
property connected therewith to the Government of
the United States, upon the following terms and
conditions:
"1. That tho Government of tKe United States
shall not levy tolls on said canal, except such as
shall be necessary to keep the same in repair, pay
all necessary superintendence, custody, and ex-
penses, and make all necessary improvements.
" 2. That the city of Louisville shall have the
rightto throw bridges over the canal at such points
as said city may deem proper: Provided always.
That said bridges shall be so located as not to inter-
fere with the use of the canal, and so constructed as
not to interfere with its navigation.
" 3. That the title and possession of the United
States of said canal shall not interfere with the right
of the State to serve criminal and civil processes,
or with the State's general police power over the
territory covered by the said canal and its append-
ages.
" 4. And further, that the city of Louisville shall
at ail times have the right of drainage into said
canal: Provided, That tho connections between the
drains and the canal shall be made upon the plan
to keep out mud and garbage.
"5. That the use of tho water-power of the canal
shall be guarantied forever to the actual owners of
the property contiguous to said canal; its branches
and dams subject to such restrictions and regula-
tions as may he made by tho Secretary of the De-
partment of the United States Government which
may have charge of the said canal.
"6. That the Government of the United States
shall, before such surrendor, discharge all the dobts
due by said canal company, and purchase the stock
of said directors."
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Ram-
sey.) The Senator's time has expired.
Mr. STEVENSON. I ask three minutes
longer.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I move that the
Senator have that time. ["Agreed."]
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor from Kentucky will proceed if there bo do
objection.
Mr. STEVENSON. There is now due on
the canal a mortgage debt of $1,171,000 which
is secured by mortgage bonds. Of course the
holders of those bonds have a lieu on the canal.
The State of Kentucky proposes that the Gen-
eral Government shall take control of the canal
by paying off and discharging this debt, inter-
changing if you please, its own bonds, as
proposed by this amendment; and thus the
whole canal will become the property of the
United States. What objection can there be
to it? Can any project be offered to the con-
sideration of the Congress of the United
States which more directly affects the inland
commerce of the entire country?
Mr. EDMUNDS. How long has this debt
of $1,100,000 been standing?
Mr. STEVENSON. I think it has been
standing some six or seven' years.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Why have not the large
dividends been applied to pay it off?
Mr. STEVENSON. Because the United
States itself has been the largest stockholder,
and the dividends on its stock, after paying
the necessary expenses, have been used in the
absorption and purchase of the outstanding
private stock, so that the United States Gov-
ernment at this moment owns the entire stock
except five shares, and they really own those,
but allow five private citizens to hold those
shares in order that they may manage the
canal. ^
Mr. President, when you look at the in-
ternal resources of this country, when you
look at the iron ore which lies near the banks
of the Ohio, when you consider the inventions
which are daily being made for utilizing that
great product, when you consider the furnaces
which are in operation in the Ohio valley,
running up to the sources of the Monongahela*
and Alleghany, when you consider the immense
quantities of coal and iron which come down
this great thoroughfare, what project can be
presented to Congress in which the interests
of all the people are so deeply concerned?
The interest is not confined to that valley, or
to the Mississippi valley, but everywhere the
people of the whole United States are inter-
ested in cheap freights on the Ohio river for
transferring the commodities of that valley to
the markets of the country.
Mr. President, there can be no valid objec-
tion, it seems to me, to the clause which the
Committee on Commerce have moved to
strike out, and I do hope that the Senate will
not concur in the recommendations of the
committee.
Mr. CHANDLER. It will be noticed that
we have not diminished the amount recom-
mended to be appropriated forthis canal. It
will likewise be remembered that within the
last three or four years we have appropriated
very large sums for the enlargement and com-
pletion of this work, and it is now a magnifi-
cent work. But before we commenced expend-
ing money upon it commerce demanded that
this canal company should create a debt. We
have heretofore resisted the payment of this
debt which commerce owes, and commerce
never repudiates a debt. It is not in the inter-
est of commerce that a debt should be repudi-
ated by commerce.
Now, Mr. President, we have a case pre-
cisely in point in the St. Mary's Falls ship-
canal. The State of Michigan three years
ago passed a law donating that canal to the
United States if she would pay off the debt
that had been contracted in the repairs of the
canal. The Committee on Commerce intro-
duced last December a bill accepting the
Sault canal so soon as the State of Michigan
should have paid off its debt, not sooner, and
I did not even press that, because the debt
has not been paid off.
While we are making liberal appropriations
for this great work, which I admit to be
important, we should remember that it never
has been, and I trust never will be, the policy
of this Government to assume debts created in
the interest of commerce, private debts, cor-
poration debts, State debts, or any other debts.
It has never been the policy of the Govern-
ment to pay the debts which commerce owes.
I hope, therefore, that this amendment will
be adopted, and so soon as this canal com-
pany shall have collected the amount and paid
the debt which commerce owes, then I will be
in favor of accepting this work.
Mr. MORTON. I hope that this amend-
ment will not bo adopted. In 1825 the Legis-
lature of Kentucky chartered this canal com-
pany 
Mr. CHANDLER. One single moment.
Mr. MORTON. I thought the Senator was
through.
Mr. CHANDLER. The amount of tho
bonded debt is $1,172,000; other debts,
$16,588; whole amount, $1,188,588; and that
is the amount of the debt which the Govern-
ment is asked to assume.
Mr. MORTON. In 1825 the Legislature of
Kentucky chartered this canal company. The
United States took about half the stock and
private persons took the other half. Between
that and 1842 the dividends of the United
States on its stock in the canal paid back to
the United States all the money which it had
paid out in the purchase of that stock, so that
it was fully reimbursed and a little more.
Then a law was passed authorizing the
United States to apply the dividends which it
received upon its stock to the purchase of the
stock held by private individuals ; and by 1857
the dividends had purchased all the stock held
by individuals except five shares of one hun-
dred dollars each, so that the Government be-
came the owner of the entire stock except five
shares, and was reimbursed by the dividends
for all the money it had paid out, and the
canal did not cost it one cent; but there had
been a heavy tax levied on commerce. At
that time it became apparent that the canal
must be enlarged, and authority was given by
Congress and by the Legislature of Kentucky
to the directors who owned those five shares,
one share each, to take steps to enlarge the
canal. In 1860 Congress and the Legislature
of Kentucky jointly authorized the directors
to borrow money to enlarge the canal, and
they - borrowed $1,600,000, and gave their
bonds and executed a mortgage upon the
canal and all the property for the payment of
these bonds. The revenues were applied for
a short time to the payment of the bonds, and
reduced the principal of the bonds from
$1,COO,000 to about $1,100,000. Then Con-
gress came in by a law and required the sur-
plus tolls, after keeping the old canal in repair,
to be applied to the enlargement, and thus
prevented the further extinguishment of the
bonds by the application of the tolls to the
enlargement of the canal.
After that Congress passed a law reducing
the toll to five cents on the ton, which would
not even keep the old canal in repair. The
case was carried to the Supreme Court, and
Judge Miller decided that that part of the act
of Congress was unconstitutional, because the
tolls had been applied to the payment of these
bonds, and to reduce the tolls so that they would
not pay the interest on the bonds was interfering
with tho contract, and that part of the act of
Congress was held invalid.
Now, Mr. President, this is the whole case.
The Government owns this entire work, except
five shares of $100 each. It has never cost the
Government one cent except such appropria-
tions as have been made since 1868. Now
what we ask is that the Government shall as-
sume the payment of the bonds, amounting to
$1,100,000. The Government is the owner of
the work, and it is wholly inconsistent with
the plan of the Government in regard to works
of internal improvement everywhere else to
tax the commerce of the country to pay for
the improvement. Tho improvement is of vast
importance to the commerce of the Ohio and
the Mississippi. I cannot exaggerate the im-
portance of it. To require the commerce of
those rivers to pay this debt is unjust, and
what is not required in any other part of the
country. We therefore ask that the Govern-
mentshall simply assume the payment of these
bonds whenever they become due. The bonds
were issued by the authority of the Govern-
ment, and they are in fact the bonds of the
Government, except in name, as much as are
the five-twenties; the bonds nominally are
given by that corporation; but the Govern-
ment itself own all the stock ofthe corporation.
I have a statement here of the amount of the
bonds and when they fall due.
Mr. STEVENSON. The Senator from In-
diana will allow me just to say that if these
bonds were assumed by the Government with
what it has paid, $2,500,000 would exceed the
sum that the Government would have-paid for
property worth ten millions.
Mr, MORTON. That is undoubtedly true.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor remembers the five-minutes rule.
Mr. MORTON. I would like to finish my
statement of these figures. Three hundred
and seventy bonds of $1,000 each fell due in
1871, and have not been paid; three hun-
dred and ninety-nine fall due in 1876 ; three
hundred and ninety-eight in 1881 ; four hun-
dred in 1886, making $1,567,000. Of that
amount there was paid $217,000, or in fact over
$300,000 by the tolls of the canal, so th'tt
about $1,100,000 are left. If Congress had
not required the dividends of the canal to be
applied to the construction of the enlarge-
ment, the bonds would have been in great part
extinguished by this time; or if Congress
would permit the continuation of the tolls at
what they were before, they would pay off the
bonds; but that would be most unjust to com-
merce.
Congress four years ago passed a bill requir-
ing the tolls to be reduced to five cents per
ton ; which would not even keep the caual in
