1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
135
he shall have (he right to contract with an
agent or attorney, who shall make that settle-
ment for him. Now, what does the Govern-
ment lose by this provision? This bill pro-
poses to substitute for the actual settlement
of a crippled, wounded, or aged soldier the
actual settlement perhaps of an able-bodied
citizen, who in the vigor of health and in the
bloom of younger years shall go upon the land
and make it blossom as the rose. In a41 this
the interests of the Government are protected,
and the interests of the soldier, the wounded,
maimed, and crippled soldier, are protected.
I regard this as tbe most beneficent feature
of the bill.
But it is said by the gentleman from Con-
necticut [Mr. Hawi.ey] that these certificates
being assignable, the market will be overflowed
with them and tliey will become valueless. It
will be observed that the bill does not compel
the soldier to make the location within a year,
but it compels him within one year after the
location is made to complete the settlement;
so that it may be one or five or ten or twenty
years before the land is actually surveyed aid
the certificate issued. But after the survey is
made, and after the certificate is issued, then
only one year can elapse before the settlement
is made; so that I have no doubt under the
present bill, if it should become a law, many
of the soldiers of the country will perhaps
wait for some time before they claim its ben-
efits, before they have the one hundred and
sixty acres surveyed and set apart for them.
They will wait perhaps until their children,
now little boys around them, shall have grown
to manhood, and they will then assign their
certificates to them and let them go upon the
laud and settle upon it and acquire the title,
if, Mr. Speaker, there should be in this age of
railroads and monopolies and land-grabbers,
any of the Government domain left at that
time. Thus, the soldier and his family will
be benefited, the Government land will be
settled, and an act of justice will be done by
the nation to the brave men to whom it owes
its life.
My colleague from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Townsend] had read by the Clerk certain res-
olutions purporting to have been passed by
the Grand Army of the Republic, which pro-
fessed to declare the hostility of the soldiers
.to any bill of this kind. Now, Mr. Speaker, I
affirm that those gentlemen do not represent
the private soldiers of the country; they rep-
resent the political soldiers of the country, and
the officers of the country, who are controlled
by the railroads and the monopolies. And
when I made the charge on the stump in my
district that the Governor-elect of Pennsylva-
nia had signed such resolutions as these, and
had forwarded them to both Houses of Con-
gress at the last session, I was denounced by a
paper in his interest in my district most bit-
terly as a liar; and yet my colleague pre-
sents those resolutions to-day upon this floor,
signed by General Hartranft, when the man who
signed them, by the papers supporting him
for Governor, and through his friends on the
stump, denied that he had ever indorsed them
or knew anything about them. They are pre-
sented here as the expression of the honest
sentiment of the soldiers"of Pennsylvania, when
in the recent canvass in my State, General
Bartranft's approval cif them was earnestly
disavowed.
Mr. TOWNSEND, of Pennsylvania. If my
colleague will allow me, I wish to inquire of
him what member of that committee has ever
denied that he signed those resolutions?
Mr. SPEER. I say the Governor-elect, by
the newspapers advocating his election, and
through his political friends on the stump in
my district and throughout the State, during
the canvass, denied that he had ever signed
them.
Mr. TOWNSEND, of Pennsylvania. Will
my colleague allow me a moment merely to
say that the Governor-elect of Pennsylvania
has never, so far as I know, or so far as the
gentleman can prove, denied anything that is
in those resolutions, or denied that he signed
them? And I wish to say in addition that
that convention was not a political convention
of soldiers, but was a convention of soldiers
without respect to party.
Mr. SPEER. My colleague evades the
point. He well knows that the Governor-elect
of Pennsylvania neither asserted nor denied
anything on the stump in the recent canvass.
He was not a stumper.
Mr. TOWNSEND, of Pennsylvania. Nor
did the President of the United States.
Mr. SPEER. I did not allege that the
Governor-elect had personally denied that he
signed those resolutions. But I do affirm and
repeat that the Republican press of Penu-
sylvauia for him did deny it.
Mr. TOWNSEND, of Pennsylvania. I
would like the gentleman, if he can, to produce
any paper under the influence of the Governor
of Pennsylvania that denied any of these reso-
lutions.
Mr. SPEER. I name a paper in my own
district known as the Radical, published in
the city of Altoona, which charged me, I
think, fourteen times, with being a liar for mak-
ing that statement among others in a public
speech in that city; and yet we have these
resolutions paraded here to-day and read at
the instance of my colleague as evidence of
the fact that the soldiers of Pennsylvania are
opposed to this bill. I say that the privates,
the unknown and brave men, they who of all
others deserve the name of soldiers, are for
this bill. But the officers, the men who wore
epaulets and who never snuffed the battle
except in the dim distance, are opposed to this
bill, as they are opposed to almost everything
else to which the corporations and land-grab-
bers of the country are opposed.
Mr. TOWNSEND, of Pennsylvania. I
want to ask my colleague one question, and it
is whether the gentlemen who signed these
resolutions were not during the war on the field
of battle ?
Mr. SPEER. I believe they were; I did
not say they were not.
Mr. TOWNSEND, of Pennsylvania. You
made the charge by implication.
Mr. SPEER. They are not the men who
carried the musket and the knapsack ; they
are not the men who stood upon the lonely
picket and did the actual duties in the field ;
they are not the. men whose orphaned children
father around the desolated hearthstones of
'ennsylvania; they are the political soldiers
who are put forward by politicians to represent
them ana to win their battles.
Mr. KILLINGER. My colleague will allow
me to say that one of the gentlemen named
lost a leg in the war; that he entered it as a
private and fought his way up, and now holds
an office of honor in the State.
Mr. SPEER. To whom does my colleague
refer ?
Mr. KILLINGER. To Colonel Beath.
Mr. SPEER. Ah 1 he is now surveyor gen-
eral of the State of Pennsylvania.
Mr. TOWNSEND, of Pennsylvania. My
colleague will allow me a moment to inquire
of him whether General Hartranft, against
whom he directs his remarks, was not in sev-
enteen battles during the war?
Mr. SPEER. He may have been in seventy
times seventeen; I make no charge against
his gallantry; the gentleman seeks to evade
the point I am making. I only say that when
these gentlemen come to Congress with a
memorial opposed to the passage of this bill
they do not represent the real soldiers of
Pennsylvania, and I ask my colleague whether
he can furnish me with the resolution of a
single meeting of private soldiers or the letter
of a single private soldier in Pennsylvania or
elsewhere, who carried a musket and knap-
sack during the war, that contains one syllable
of opposition to this bill ? If he can, 1 pause for
him to product it. The gallant rank and fife
of our Army look to Congress with anxious
hearts for the passage of this bill.
Mr. TOWNSEND, of Pennsylvania. Iwill
answer the gentleman's question by asking
him another, and it is whether this convention
was not composed of delegates who were
elected by soldiers, and whether some of the
members of that convention were not private
soldiers who had carried the musket and the
knapsack during the war ?
Mr. SPEER. Mr. Speaker, we all know
howthffese conventions are managed and man-
ipulated. This Grand Army of the Republic
has been run, as we all know, in Pennsylvania
in the interest of a political party.
Mr. MANSON. And everywhere else.
Mr. SPEER. Yes, sir; and, as my friend
suggests, everywhere else. It has become a
semi-political organization. It has been used
by politicians, and its leaders have been put
forward by politicians, and occasionally re-
warded themselves with nominations for their
party services.
Mr. TOWNSEND, of Pennsylvania. My
colleague will allow me a moment to explain
to the House why the Grand Army of the
Republic seems to be a political organization.
It is because it is composed of the soldiers of
the war, and the soldiers of the war were Re-
publicans, while the men engaged in the rebel-
lion were Democrats.
Mr. MANSON. That is not true.
Mr. SPEER. I denounce that statement
as unworthy of my colleague.
Mr. MORGAN. I think it was entirely
worthy of him.
Mr. SPEER. I denounce it as false in fact,
and as disgraceful to a Representative from
Pennsylvania. The graves of every battle-
field, and the widows and orphans all over the
land, declare it a foul slander.
Mr, TOWNSEND, of Pennsylvania. Allow
me to reply to the remark just made by the
gentleman. What I mean to say is this: the
rebellion was got up by the Democratic party
of the South; it was carried on by the Demo-
cratic party of the South, assisted by the moral
influence of their coadjutors, the Democratic
party of the North; and nine tenths of the
soldiers of the Union were Republicans, while
the remainder of them may have been Demo-
crats.
Mr. SPEER. May I ask my colleague in
how many battles he was personally engaged
during the war ?
Mr. TOWNSEND, of Pennsylvania. I was
not in any.
Mr. RANDALL. No; you were running
a bank at home, making money.
Mr. TOWNSEND, of Pennsylvania. And
where were you ?
Mr. RANDALL. I was in the Army.
Mr. TOWNSEND, of Pennsylvania. I
never heard of it. [Laughter.]
Mr. RANDALL. I went as a private.
Mr. TOWNSEND, of Pennsylvania. I
never knew it. A high private, I suppose.
Mr. SPEER. You were too far away to
know who were in the Army. My colleague
[Mr. Townsend] was like Job's war horse:
he " smelleth the battle afar off.'' [Laughter. J
But this is a divergence from the object
I had in view when I rose to address the
House. I hope this measure will not be run
into politics, but that the interests of the
soldiers who are to be benefited by this bill
will be considered outside of and irrespective
of the political prejudices of any member of this
House. I think this bill appeals to the sense
of justice of every man who desires to legislate
for a class of citizens who deserve well of the
Republic.
Men of all parties and creeds laid down their
lives for the life of the nation ; the debt we
owe the living and the widows and orphans of
the dead can never be fully paid. This bill is
but a partial recognition of the obligations of
the nation for their heroic services, and it
