1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2059
repair. Now the work belongs to the Gov-
ernment. It would be unjust in every sense
to require- this canal to be taxed for the pur-
pose of paying off that debt. We simply ask
in accordance with the recommendation of the
Secretary of the Treasury that the Govern-
ment shall assume the payment of the bonds
and make the canal free.
I want to read one extract from a letter of
the Secretary of War. The Secretary of War
says that the property which thus passes to the
Government, the lands and grounds attached
to this canal that thus pass to the Government
when the Government takes the control of the
canal, are worth more than all the money the
Government has paid. When these bonds
shall have been redeemed and the Govern-
ment becomes the sole owner of the work and
of the property attached to it, that property,
owing to the growth in value Of property in
Louisville, will be worth fully $10,000,000.
Mr. CORBETT. There is no doubt that
this property is worth the sum of money that
is proposed to be paid; but the- question
is whether the Government of the United
States desires to assume control of this canal.
It must be remembered, however, that the
value of this canal has been chiefly by appro-
priations by Congress.' Since my seat here in
Congress we have made appropriations each
year to the amount of from two hundred and
fifty to five hundred thousand dollars, and
perhaps as high as $750,000 in one year for
the enlargement of this canal. I suppose that
this last appropriation of $100,000 is to com-
plete the canal. It has been an immense
work, and we have never hesitated to make
appropriations for it; but this same contest
has been before Congress at each session, and
we have always refused to assume control of
the canal, preferring that th^ directors should
remain in charge and control it, and that they
should charge such tolls as were necessary to
keep it in repair and run the canal.
It seems to me that it would be unwise to
take charge of this canal until Congress shall
have determined upon some policy on this
subject. We have appointed a committee to
examine into this question, and if that com-
mittee shall report that it is the true policy for
Congress to take charge of this canal and the
canal in Michigan and other such works of
general and public improvement and run them
and collect the tolls, it will then be time enough
for us to take charge of this canal.
Mr. MORTON. If my friend will allow me,
I wish to call the attention of the Senate to
the fact that the whole amount the Govern-
ment is out up to this time in regard to this
canal is the sum of $1,178,200. That is all
the Government is out in regard to it. The
amount of bonds is about $1,110,000, and now
the Secretary of War says:
" Major Weitzel states that thereat estate belong-
ing to the canal, which will beoome the property of
the United States upon its accepting the canal, is
worth the amount which the Government would in
that case have paid in subscription and purchase of
the canal stock, in tho appropriations for the en-
largement, and in the payment of the mortgage
bonds now outstanding."
This canal is in the curious condition of now
being controlled and managed and held by
live men who only have the nominal value of
$500 in it; in other words, have no interest in
it at all.
Mr. SHERMAN. There is another point;
and that is, that the House of Representatives
have considered this matter very fully, espe-
cially the Committee on Commerce, and have
fixed the rate of tolls at twenty-five cents a
ton, which I have no doubt will amply take
care of the bonds. I have no doubt it will
provide for the whole of the bonds as well as
for any repairs that are needed.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I would inquire of
the Senator from Kentucky the terms of the
joint resolution of the Legislature of Ken-
tucky referred to in this amendment?
Mr. STBYENSON. Nothing in the world
except to provide for bridges over the canal
which shall not interfere in any way with the
navigation and to allow the owners of the ad-
jacent soil to have water privileges, under the
direction and regulation of the Secretary of
the Treasury, under whose control this work
will be, and the right of drainage.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I will state to the
Senate that the Committee on Commerce have
no doubt of the value of this work ; and the
question with them was not whether it was to
be a profit or a loss to the Government of the
United States if they should assume it, but a
question of policy, whether it was, as the hon-
orable Senator from Oregon has stated, a
policy which this Government would enter
into, to take possession of canals and control
them. Under the impression that the Govern-
ment was not ready yet for such a movement,
the committee thought it advisable to make
this amendment.
Mr. MORTON. I will say to my friend that
the work cannot be left in its present condi-
tion. It is in the hands of men who have no
interest in it—an interest of only $500 to con-
trol a work worth ten millions 1 We cannot
leave it in that condition.
Mr. SCOTT. I feel justified in saying a
word or two on this amendment for the rea-
son that a very large number of my constitu-
ents are affected by the tolls upon this canal.
I regret that I have not with me a statement to
which my attention was called not long since
of the tonnage upon the Ohio river and its
tributaries, and that statement shows that it
exceeds, and very largely exceeds—although
the statement may appear surprising—the
whole amount of tonnage engaged in our for-
eign commerce. They feel that these tolls
exacted at the Portland and Louisville canal
are an unjust discrimination against the com-
merce passing through that canal. Why should
they be taxed there more than they are upon
other portions of the navigable rivers to which
Congress makes appropriations? Take, for
instance, the Rock Island rapids, to which
Congress has appropriated $939,650; the Des
Moines rapids, to which $2,628,200 have been
appropriated; the St. Mary's falls, river, and
canal, to which $910,000 have been appro-
priated, making appropriations of nearly five
millions. Commerce has paid in tolls on the
Portland and Louisville canal five millions,
and they deem that it is time after they have
thus been taxed thus long, that this appropri-
ation should assume the form toward the Port-
land and Louisville canal that it does toward
the other improvements of the country; not
that they should pay their share of taxes for
the purpose of raising revenue and then pay
taxes again for the use of the very work that
is constructed by their taxes.
Mr. THURMAN. This is a very simple
question. The real question is whether the
Government of the United States shall make a
profit off the navigation of the Ohio river.
This cannot be distinguished in principle from
removing any obstruction there is in a naviga-
ble river; and the question really is this,
whether the Government of the United States
shall remove the obstruction and then make
usurious interest upon its money.
Mr. MORTON. The Senator can state that
the Government gets more than its investment
in the real estate alone.
Mr. THURMAN. That has been already
stated and I do not want to repeat. That is
exactly the whole question, whether the Gov-
ernment of the United Stales shall speculate
upon the commerce of the Ohio river.
Mr. CHANDLER. The Senator rather
misapprehends this question. The question
is whether the Government shall pay the debts
of a corporation that it has benefited im-
mensely, or whether it shall not; that is all.
There is no speculation in it. This debt was
created in the interest of commerce. Com-
merce agreed to pay it, and now the question
is whether commerce will repudiate this debt.
Mr. STEVENSON. I will say to the Sen-
ator that the United-States has kept its stock,
and it is in fact the only stockholder; and it
has derived this stock from a tax upon the
commerce of the river.
Mr. THURMAN. It is its own debt.
Mr. SHERMAN. The corporation is a
mere shadow.
Mr. CHANDLER. They will be able to
pay off this debt in three or four years, and
then we shall take possession of the canal, and
also of the St. Mary canal about the same
time. As to the amount of commerce, there
is double the number of tons passing through
the St. Mary canal that there is through the
Louisville canal. I have the statistics in the
committee-room to show it.
Mr. CORBETT. It seems to me that Sen-
ators state this matter rather unfairly when
they say that commerce is taxed. It is not
taxed for the amount of money that we have
been appropriating for the enlargement of this
canal. We contributed a donation each year
of from two hundred and fifty to seven hun-
dred and fifty thousand dollars which haa
built the enlargement of this canal so as to
give the opportunity to pass this tonnage. There
may be a tax in the shape, o£ tolls to manage
the canal and pay the interest on the preferred
debt. I do not know how that is, but it may
be the case. But we have made very large ap-
propriations and they do not pay the interest
or anything upon the money that we have ap-
propriated of late years to this work.
Mr. MORTON. This will be the only work
in the United States where the Government
has got its money back and more too, it is the
only one of the kind in the United States. The
canal ought to be free.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Committee on
Commerce.
Mr. CHANDLER. I call for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered, and being
taken, resulted—yeas 23, nays 31; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Buckingham,
Carpenter, Chandler, Cole, Conkling, Corbett, Cra-
gin, Ferry of Michigan, Gilbert, Hamilton of Mary-
land, Harlan, Morrill of "Vermont, Nye, Osborn,
Ramsey, Sawyer, Sprague, Trumbull, Vickers, Wil-
son, and Wright—23.
NAYS—Messrs. Alcorn, Bayard, Biair, Boreman,
Casserly, Cooper, Davis, Fenton, Flanagan, Gold-
thwaite, Hill, Kelly, Lewis, Logan, Machen, Mor-
ton, Norwood, Pool, Pratt, Ransom, Robertson,
Saulsbury, Sohurz, Scotfc, Sherman, Steven-son, Stew-
art, Stockton, Tburman, Tipton, and West—31.
ABSENT—Messrs. Brownlow, Caldwell, Cameron,
Clayton, Edmunds, Ferry of Connecticut, Freling-
huysen, Hamilton of Texas, Hamlin, Hitchcock,
Howe, Johnston, Morrill of Maine, Patterson,
Pomeroy, Rice, Spencer, Sumner, and windom—19.
So the amendment was rejected.
The Chief Clerk continued the reading of
the bill.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Commerce was on page 9, line two hundred
and one. after the word "Illinois," in the
appropriation for the improvement of the
Wabash river, Indiana and Illinois, to strike
out the following words:
Including the purchase, repair, and reconstruc-
tion of the locks and dams on the same near the
mouth of White river.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 9, line
two hundred and three, after the word " dol-
lars," in the appropriation "for the improve-
ment of the Wabash river, Indiana and Illi-
nois," to strike out the following proviso :
Provided, That said locks aud dam can be pur-
chased at a price not exceeding their fair value, to
be ascertained under such rules and regulations as
may be prescribed by the Secretary of War.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 10, line
two hundred and twenty, to increase the ap-
propriation for the improvement of Mobile
