2060
THE OONGKESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
harbor and bay, Alabama, from $50,000 to
$100,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendmeut was on page 10, after
line two hundred and twenty, to insert the fol-
lowing clause:
For completing work now in progress in improv-
ing Charleston harbor, South Carolina, $5,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 10, to
strike out lines two hundred and twenty-five
and two hundred and twenty-six in the fol-
lowing words:
For the improvement of Oostenoola river, Geor-
gia, $10,000.
Mr. HILL. I hope that will not be stricken
out. I see no reason for it. The Oostenoola
is one of the tributaries of the Coosa, which
is a fine navigable river up to Rome, Georgia.
This is only to improve this largest tributary
above Rome for some distance. It is very
valuable to that section of the country. There
is steamboat navigation always up to Rome,
and can be much higher. It can go up to
Resaca, where it strikes the Great Western
and Atlantic railway. That is the point they
wish to reach. I hope the clause will not be
stricken out.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. The river is reported
to have a channel three feet deep. It seems
to me that very heavy steamboats cannot navi-
gate that river.
Mr. HILL. That may be at very low water.
That may be said of the Savannah river at Au-
gusta. But I observe that in Europe streams
which are nineteen feet wide and eighteen
inches deep are improved for navigation; and
here this river has sufficient width, but it is at
low water that it contains three feet. The
commanders of the Army know what kind of
a stream this is, and know of its very steep
banks. It is narrow, confined in a deep
channel. The Army commanders know how
it is when it is swollen. It is used for winter
navigation ; they have no use for it in the sum-
mer ; the crops are not transported in the
summer season, and there is no use for it then.
I hope the appropriation will not be stricken
out.
Air. CHANDLER. Here is the report of
the engineer. He says:
"Tho Oostenoola., heading in the Blue Ridge more
than one hundred miles above Homo, Hows in a
sontheasterly direction, crossing tho Western and
Atlantic railroad at the small town of Resaca.
From tliis point tho reconnoissance was mado in a
skiff procured for the purpose.''
I am informed that the chief navigation of
the river is in small skiffs, and theyhad to
procure one for the purpose of making the
reconnoissance, and the only report we have is
the field notes taken from a skiff. No other
ship would run there.
Sir. HILL. It is true no other ship would,
because there are shoals in it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Tho ques-
tion is on the amendment of the committee to
strike out the appropriation.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Commerce was after line two hundred and
thirty-three to insert:
For tho improvementof Cambridge harbor, Mary-
land, $5,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line two hun-
dred and fifty-seven, to reduce the appropri-
ation for the improvement of Cape Fear river
below Wilmington, North Carolina, from
$100,000 to $50,000.
Mr. SAWYER. I hope that amendment
will not be concurred in. I think tho im-
provement in that river is of such a character
that the work must be continued to comple-
tion unless we expect to loose half the appro-
priation. I trust the committee will not insist
on that amendment.
Mr. MORTON. I was about to remark
that that is a very important river, and I think
the amendment ought not to be agreed to.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I think so, t.oo.
Mr. RANSOM. I know the Senate must
be very impotent at this hour of the night, but
I hope this amendment will not be agreed to.
I have four reports. ["Vote."] I will try a
vote. I will not detain the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment striking out the
appropriation.
The amendment was rejected.
The next amendment was after line two
hundred and sixty-one to strke out:
For the improvement of tho channel of tho Del-
aware river at and near the Horseshoo shoals,
$50,000; the work not to bo commoncod until an
examination and survey has been made by a
board of engineorsof tho United States Army ap-
pointed by the Secretary of War, and a favorable
report upon tho feasibility and exponso of the plan
adopted for the prevention and removal of the
obstructions.
Mr. SCOTT. I hope that will not be stricken
out. The committee seem to think a survey
necessary and that they ought not to make an
appropriation because a survey is required.
There has been one survey; I have it here. I
do not wish to take up time in reading it, but
the appropriation onght to be made. I think
I could satisfy the Senate that it ought to be,
but I will follow the example of my friend from
North Carolina and try a vote first-
Mr. CHANDLER. The committee could
find no recommendation for Horseshoe shoals
in any report of the engineers, and therefore
struck it out. In the report of the engineers
there is no recommendation for the expendi-
ture of money at that point. I hold in my
hand their report. It is a very indefinite re-
port; nothing on which we could base a rec-
ommendation ; therefore we struck that out,
although we recommended the clause which
immediately follows for the Schuylkill.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I submit to the Sen-
ate whether it is worth while to make an
appropriation of this amount without any sur-
vey and without any report.
Mr. SCOTT. There has been a survey. I
have here the survey and report of Lieuten-
ant Colonel Kurtz, of the engineer corps,
and he discusses three different modes of
making this improvement, preferring the
second. The provision in the bill is that be-
fore the improvement shall be commenced the
Secretary of War shall appoint a board of
engineers and secure a favorable report upon
the feasibility and expense of the plan adopted
for the prevention and removal of tho ob-
struction. It is only that this board may ex-
amine upon and corroborate the recommenda-
tion made in the report of the engineer which
has already been made.
Now, Mr. President, just look at it. Here
are $100,000 appropriated for the Delaware
river at two points; and can my friend from
Michigan find it in his heart to deny these
appropriations of §100,000 for the Delaware
river? Upon turning back and looking at the
first few pages of this bill he will find that your
appropriations are spread all over a State
which I need not name. I know that if I ap-
peal to his good nature he will give this and
not say another word, so that he will prevent
me from reading those pages of the bill in
front.
Mr. CHANDLER. If my friend will par-
don me, the committee recommended an
increase in the Delaware river of $20,000 for
an addition to their ice-breaking dam some-
where ; T do not know where. The Senator
from Delaware put in a request and Sj>20,000
was added; but we thought before recom-
mending an appropriation so large as $50,000,
it was better to await an examination and
report to develop what that report may be.
Tbe committee cannot recommend any such
approprktioti as that, I will tell my friend
from Pennsylvania. If we could get there-
port and know what we have to do, very well;
but we do not do business in that, way.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The qnes-,
tion ia on the amendment.
Mr. CHANDLER called for the yeas and
nays ; and they were ordered.
Mr. CORBETT. Tho appropriation above
this, "for the improvement of the channel
of the Delaware river at Fort Mifflin bar,
$50,000," is almost as indefinite as the one
below; but the committee concluded they
would give that $50,000 and strike out the
$50,000 below. They thought that that was
too indefinite altogether, and really hesitated
to give the other $50,000. I think the Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania ought to be satisfied
with that. The committee have done what
they thought to be best, and have examined
this subject very closely. It is no benefit to
have a committee unless gentlemen are to be
governed somewhat by the information that
they derive when they carefully examine these
questions. We have done the best we could.
Mr. STEWART. I want to make a request
of the Senate. Here is a hill that I believe
everybody now is satisfied with: tho Senator
from Vermont raises no further objection ; it
simply allows the Texas Pacific railroad to
make a connection through to San Francisco
with some roads; everything else is cut off.
Several Senatoks. Send it up and we will
pass it.
Mr. STEWART. _ That is a substitute for
the bill. The committee have agreed on that.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Nevada asks unanimous consent to
consider a bill at this time,
Mr. HARLAN. I shall have no objection
after the vote shall be had on this little Iowa
bill which I hold in my hand, House bill No.
3919. I have b&en waiting hero for several
days to find a time when the Senate would take
a vote on the bill, and I gave notice some time
ago that I should object to anything else being
acted upon by unanimous consent unless I
could get a vote on the bill I refer to. If the
honorable Senator and others will consent to
vote on that bill, 1 shall have no objection.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor from Iowa objects. The question is on the
amendment reported by the Committee on
Commerce to the rivet- and harbor bill.
The question being taken by yenS and nays,
resulted—yeas 24, nays 25 ; as follows :
YI'IAS — Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Buckingham,
Chandler, Colo, Conkliris. Corbett, Crugm, den-
ton, Ferry of Michigan, Gilbert, Hainlm, Harlan,
Howe, Logan, Morrill of Vermont, .Nyc, Pratt,
liamsey, Spraguo, Trumbull; Viekcr*, Windom, and
Wright—24.
NAYS — Messrs. ISayard, Illair, Boreman, Car-
ponter, Casseriv,Cooper, Davi.s Fduiuhds, Flanagan,
ill]I, Kelly, Machen. Morton, Norwood. Osborn,
liausom,Scliurz, Scott, Sherman, Stevenson, Stew-
art,, Stoi-kion, Thurman, Tipton, and West—^5.
ABSENT—Messrs. Alcorn, Brownlow, Caldwell,
Cameron, Clayton, Ferry of Connecticut, Frelinff-
liuysen.laoldthwaito, Hamilton of Maryland, Hamil-
ton of Texas, Hitchcock, Johnston, Lewie, Morrill
of Maine, Patterson, Pomcroy, Poo), Iticc, Robert-
son, Salisbury, Sawyer, Spencer, Sumner, and Wil-
son—~1A.
So the amendment was rejected.
MESSAGE FROM THIS HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPhersox, its Clerk, announced
that the House had agreed to the amendments
of the Senate numbered two, three, and five,
to the bill (II. It. No. S921) making appropri-
ations for sundry civil expenses of the Govern-
ment for the fiscal year ending oune i>0, 1874,
and for other purposes, had dts-agieed to the
remainder of the amendments of the Seuat.-
to the said bill, asked a conference on the
disagreeing votes of the two Houses (hereon
nnd had appointed Mr. Aaiiwn A. t'.uiui ,\t (if
California, Mr. Eugene Hai.k of Maine, and
Mr. Thomas bwanx. mauageis at the same un
its part.
The message also anncrtraced that the House
had passed the bill (S. No. 1572) for the sup-
pression of trade in and circulation of obscene
