1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
137
following amendment, to come in at the end of i
line ten hundred and forty-four, 011 page 4;?: j
For this amount, in coin, to onable the Secretary
of the Interior to carry out the provisions of the
third arceieof the treaty with the Potrawatomies
..f ^ovem'ter U>, 1S61, as modified by the treaty of
M.ireh -i1. InJG, b> paying to those members of the
tribe who are entitled thereto under said treaty pro-
visions, a pro r.ifu share ot" tiieir tribal land: Pro-
r.11.7. That the sum of $To,779 S2, m currency, in-
cluded in the appropriation ot 1.1. made tor
said Indians by the act of May -.l. 1^72, shall be
carried to the surplus lund ; and the Secretary of
the luterior is hereby authorized to sell eighty six
twen*v-one hundred and eightieth parts of the sev-
eral classes of bonds held by him in trust for and be-
longing to the Pottawatomie Indians.and pay tho
pi.weeds thereof, without any deduction, in com-
pliance with the provisions of said treaty, it being
thosh.ire of said eighty-six persons in the bonds
belonging to said Indians.
Mr. Chairman, in the Indian appropriation
bill last year it was provided by Congress that
this amount should be paid to the Pottawato-
mie Indians, being a capitalization of the
amount they were entitled to, and being their
pro rata share of the fund. In order that the
intention of Congress might be carried out it
was necessary the Secretary of the Interior
should sell the proportion belonging to these
Indians of the bonds held in trust tor the In-
dians, but he thought tlie language of the law
was defective in not giving the power to sell this
proportion of bonds to pay these Indians under
the treaty stipulations, and therefore he comes
back and asks that power be expressly granted.
These Pottawatomies have become citizens of
the United States. In the last appropriation
bill we struck out the interest, and hence
the greater necessity why we should speedily
remedy the difficulty which they encounter.
Some $lo,000 of the amount is payable under
the treaty, and has been paid in every appro-
priation bill heretofore, in coin. By an over-
sight last year we appropriated that amount in
curreucy. This provides that amount in cur
rency shall be carried to the surplus fund, and
instead thereof we shall appropriate $15,000
in coin.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read the following paragraph :
Shoshones:
For fourth of thirty installments, to purchase
eight hundred suits of clothing for males over four-
teen years of age, the flannel, hose, calico, and do-
mestics for eight hundred females over the age of
twelve years, and such goods as may be needed to
make suits for eight hundred boys and girls, i>13,874.
Tor third of ten installments, for the purchase of
such articles as may be considered proper by tho
Secretary of the Interior for eighteen hundred per-
sons roaming and six hundred persons engaged in
agriculture, S3&000.
For pay of physieian, teacher, carpenter, engin-
eer, farmer, and blacksmith, as per tenth article
of treaty of July 3, 1868, $6,800.
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. I desire to ask
the gentleman from California [Mr. Saiigent]
a question relative to this paragraph. I see
that there is an appropriation of $13,874 to
make clothing for eight hundred females over
the age of twelve years among the Shoshones
and Bannocks; that there is an appropriation
of $30,000 for one thousand eight hundred
persons roaming, and six hundred persons en-
gaged in agriculture ; and that there is an
appropriation of $6,800 for the pay of physi-
cian, teacher, carpenter, engineer, farmer, and
blacksmith, as per treaty of July 3, 1868.
What I want to ask the gentleman now is
whether the report- of the Commissioner of
Indian Affairs, in regard to the Shoshones
and Bannooke, is correct, when he says 
Mr. SARGENT. Please give me the page.
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. Page 51 of the
Commissioner's report. He says that both
tribes combined numberonly one thousand and
thirty-seven persons ; and he says further that
there is no school in operation in the reserva-
tion. And yet provision is made in this bill
for eight hundred boys and girls, eight hun-
dred females over the age of twelve years,
eighteen hundred persons roaming, and six
hundred persons engaged in agriculture, and
there is an appropriation of $0,800 for physi-
cians, teachers, carpenters, engineers, &c.,
although there are only ten hundred aud
thirty-seven persons in both the tribes, and not
a school in the reservation.
I call this up now, not with reference to this
one item particularly, but to show the folly of
the whole system, as I tried to do yesterday
evening, but could get no sort of attention, as
I supposed, from the House. The truth is,
we are carrying out what are called treaties,
paying annually from three to four million
dollars to be squandered upon men who are
doing these Indians not only no good, but posi-
tive harm, as I propose to show in the few
minutes allowed me.
I want to go back a little. Congress in I860
appointed a commission to make treaties with
those Indians, and the second section of the
act appointing them required that these com-
missioners should make reports of the reserva-
tions they selected to Congress. I hold that
act in my hand. Yet, without that report ever
being made to Congress, and without any sanc-
tion of this House, the Senate undertook to
make treaties of the character I have been
criticising and of which this is apart, and never
submitted them to this House to give us a
chance to say whether we approved and con-
firmed them or not, although they were not
acting under a treaty-making power, but were.
acting under an act of Congress, the second
section of which required them to submit their
action to the Representatives of the people for
approval in this House. That section I have
not time to read in detail in five minutes,
which is all the time I have, although a whole
hour and a half was taken by one gentleman ,
yesterday. ]
What more did we do? This House two
years ago—and I voted for itrather than agree
to carry out these treaties, which would require
over $70,000,000 to be wrung from the -tax- 1
payers of the country—voted to put $2,000,000
into the hands of the President to do as he
pleased with. Last year three conference
committees were broken up because the Sen-
ate demanded the carrying out of all these
treaties, and the House finally yielded.
Now they come again in the same form. '
The Indian Bureau cannot remedy it. The
Indian Commissioner has to make his esti-
mates in accordance with the so-called trea-
ties, or the Senate woald at once say he was
transcending his duty. The Senate will
never abrogate their treaties. They made
them, and they fill up all the superfluous
places thereby created with their friends and
kinsmen, and 1 suppose would not confirm
any others if nominated. And there they are
to day, the near friends and kinsmen of Sen-
tors, drawing their salaries, and robbing the
Indian and robbing the tax-payer alike.
Therefore there is no way to get at this evil
and stop it, except by this House withholding
these appropriations. If we have to pay as j
much money as we are now called upon to
pay in order to keep faith with the Indians,
let us pay it for the benefit of the Indians,
and not to a band of vampires, who are sent
into the Indian countries to suck out the life's ;
blood of the Indian, and drain the pockets of
the people. If this House does not stop it
now, you will go on for twenty years until you
have spent $70,000,000, which you wrung
| from the sweat of the poor, to carry out
| treaties which no man in the Senate justifies,
\ which no man in the Department approves,
j and which no member of the Committee on
' Appropriations will pretend upon this floor
! to defend as just and right. Sir, it was be-
; cause I desired to break up this system that
at the close of the last Congress I introduced
a resolution asserting the right of the House
j to pass upon all appropriations asked for to
i1 carry out treaties, and that resolution passed
! the House with a unanimity unparalleled. We j
certainly ought to insist upon this, and I con- i
1: tend that now is the time to do it; a motion I
ought to be made by some leading member on
the other aide of the House to strike out all
these treaty appropriations, and to appropri-
ate the same amount of money, if you please,
but place it in proper hands, aud do not give
it into the hands of men who do no service
but do actual injury to the Indians amoug
whotn they are sent.
Two years ago we ingrafted a section in an
act of Congress requiring some guarantee for
payments in the Indian service, especially on
contracts, by demanding that the peace com--
missioners should revise them. I thought
that was some protection against robbery, but
Congress has repealed that provision and the
whole matter is now in the hands of the Indian
department. I am glad to say that the re-
port of the present Commissioner of Indian
Affairs shows the fallacy of all these treaties
and the wrong-doing under them, both to the
tax-payers of the country and to the Indians.
He gives facts which are irresistible in their
bearing against them. I would not have much
apprehension if the present Commissioner was
to remain at the head of the department that
it would be properly administered as far as
he could control it. But he has resigned his
place, and it will follow, as surely as night
follows day, that, having got rid of this vigi-
lant officer and of the supervision of the peace
commission, there will be power enough in
the Senate and in the lobby to • force the
President to appoint some corrupt man to his
place, who will wiuk at the plunder of the
Indians aud the tax-payers. 1 think, there-
fore, we ought to refuse to pass this bill until
we provide that the money we appropriate
by it shall go for the actual benefit of the
Indians, to feed and clothe them, and shall
not go into the hands of bad men who are
kept among the Indians under treaties that,
are not treaties in any proper sense of the
word. The House should see that this system
of plunder shall cease now.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I should like
to ask the gentleman from Kentucky a question
before he resumes his sefit.
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. I will hear it.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I would ask
the gentleman from Kentucky what practical
course he would point out to remedy this evil?
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. I have not thought
of any plan in detail, but if I were chairman
of the Committee on Appropriations I would
refuse to carry out these so-called treaties ; I
would show that they had been violated on both
sides and were utterly valueless and imprac-
ticable ; I would recommend that every dollar
promised to each tribe of Indians by these
treaties should be paid to them; but I would
put the money in the hands either of this
peace commission or of the Commissioner
of Indian Affairs, or of the Secretary of the
Interior, or the Secretary of War—of some
responsible officer of the Government who
has given bonds for the faithful performance
of his duties, and who would report to Con-
gress how the money has been expended
among the various tribes, so that Congress
could hold him responsible for any misappro-
priation.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I only wish
to say that the gentleman from Kentucky
knows as well as any member upon this floor
can do that the Committee on Appropriations
do not make the laws in regard to the Indians.
We can only appropriate money in accordance
with law, and for the gentleman to expect us
to come in with propositions abolishing trea-
ties or modifying the Indian policy of tho
country would be for him to impose upon us
a duty which a single objection of the House
can rule out after we have done it.
I agree with the gentleman that there is a
great deal, a very great deal, that ought to be
corrected in our Indian affairs. I have no
doubt that some of these old treaties that
have been made provided for the distributioi
