1102
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 5,
interest, its bond, brings par in gold, the same
faith of the Government bearing no interest
and with no fixed time for payment, the United
States note, is twelve per cent, below par in
gold. How is this difference to be accounted
for? Now, if you account for five percent,
of the difference by the interest which is paid
upon the bond, you still have the fact that the
irredeemable paper promise of the Govern-
ment is worth seven per cent, less than the
promise of the Government with interest.
Here, then, is a state of things which we
have bound ourselves to remedy at the first
praticable moment. We have pledged our
feith to do it; and that brought the Finance
Committee of the Senate to the question of
how that plighted faith was to be redeemed.
Have we reached the point where we can
redeem in gold ; and if not, have we reached
the point where we can take the alternative of
the pledge and redeem in its equivalent? We
can have the equivalent; we demonstrate that
to the world. Our bond at five per cent, on the
market will bring par in gold, and that makes
that bond the equivalent of gold. If, then,
$500,000,000 in the past year have been nego-
tiated at par, may we notsafely say that one year
hence, or eleven months hence, $300,000,000
more, if it be necessary, will also bring par,
and that at that time we can redeem these
United States notes in the equivalent of gold,
if it become necessary to do so ? If we can,
this bill proposes to do it. This bill seeks to
redeem the United States notes either in coin
or in what we believe will be its equivalent.
I come now to consider very briefly some of
the objections which have been urged to the
bill, or rather to consider the merits of the
bill itself rather than anticipate each formal
objection.
The bill may be briefly analyzed by saying
that it provides in the first section for the re-
demption of the United States notes in coin
or bonds, and for the reissue of the legal-tender
notes, if deemed necessary, either to redeem
the public debt or to meet current expenses.
In the second section free banking upon the
basis of the national currency act is provided
for. The third dispenses with the reserve of
these free banks. Without regard to some
mere minor provisions as matters of adminis-
tration, these are the prominent features of the
bil!: redemption in coin or bonds; reissue of
the legal-tender notes; free banking; and the
dispensing with the reserve.
Now, what is the objection made to the first
section ? I do not know whether the mind
of the Senate has yet been disabused of the
impression sought to be made that the first
section gives authority to the Secretary of the
Treasury to increase the public debt at his will.
I propose very briefly to look at the operation
of the section practically, so that if there be
any one who supposes that the public debtwill
be or can be increased beyond a certain limit,
1 may satisfy him that that is an error. I hope
to do so.
What is the practical operation ? The first
provision is for the redemption of the United
States legal-tender notes in coin. Of course,
if they are redeemed in coin there is no in-
crease of the public dfebt. I speak now simply
of the redemption of the notes in the first
instance. Butsuppose the whole $350,000,000
of United States legal-tender notes are re-
deemed in five per cent, bonds instead of in
com, I do not aetiy, I do not think the chair-
man of the committee has attempted to deny,
eertaimy no one who looks at its practical
operation will deny, that if the $356,000,000
were all paid into the Treasury, and the
United States bonds at five per cent, issued in
lieu of those notes, the liability of the Gov-
ernment would be increased to the extent of
the five per cent, interest on that $356,000,000.
There would be no increase of the principal
of the public debt, but there would be an
increase of the liability to the extent of the
interest: and that is the entire extent to which
that increase can over go. It can never ex-
ceed that if you continue the operation of
redeeming the United States notes with the
bonds of the United States. In other words,
if they are reissued for the purpose of pur-
chasing or redeeming the public debt after
they are onee in the Treasury, there can never
be any further increase of the public debt by
that operation. Why ? For this reason :
suppose that we redeem $356,000,000 of these
United States legal-tender notes, that is a debt
without interest; we put out the five per cent,
bonds, that is a debt with interest; we under-
stand that; but when the United States notes
are reissued and come back to the Treasury,
how are they again to be redeemed? By a
bond bearing five per cent, interest as we un-
derstand. Now, on the assumption that they
are to be reissued for the purchase of the pub-
lic debt, what public debt is there to pur-
chase with them ? About $1,300,000,000 or
$1,400,000,000, according to my recollection,
of six per cent, bonds, and about $400,000,000
of ten-forties, bearing five per cent. Is it
not apparent to every one that after the
$356,000,000 have once gotten into the Treas-
ury and have been paid out in redemption of
the public debt, if a man comes to have his
six per cent, bond redeemed the Government
is benefited just to the extent of the difference
between the six per cent, bond and the five
per cent, bond, with this additional advan-
tage, which has not heretofore been noted :
if you pay out the greenback for the six per
cent, bond in redemption of the public debt,
so long as the greenback is in circulation
until it gets back again for the purpose
of redemption the Government is saving
six per cent, upon that indebtedness. The
one is a debt without interest put out; the
other is debt with interest taken in; and if
you get in the debt which bears interest -and
put out the debt-which bears no interest, until
the debt which bears no interest gets back
again into the Treasury for reissue, you are
saving six per cent, and just as often as you
reissue the greenback for the five per cent,
bond, that operation goes on saving six per
cent, while the greenback is out and saving
one per cent, from the time you again issue it
and give out a United States five per cent,
bond. So that, if the greenback be used for
the purpose of redeeming the public debt,
after the first exchange has been made an in-
crease of the debt is utterly impossible ; but,
on the contrary, every issue of it for that pur-
pose is a saving to the Government.
Now let us take tbe reissue for the other
purpose. Suppose that instead of being issued
for the redemption of the public debt it is
issued to meet current expenses. Take it,
then, that we have the whole $356,000,000 in
the Treasury—that will do as well as any other
sum for illustration—and you pay it out to
meet the current expenses, what then is the
result ? You have paid out again the promise
of the Government to pay without interest,
and during the time you are making that pay-
ment of the $356,000,000 the receipts of the
Treasury are not paid out for the current ex-
penses; they are in the Treasury for the
purpose of meeting the public debt, current
expenses, or any other liability of the Gov-
ernment, and, as the chairman has very clearly
shown it, there can be no increase of the
public debt until the current receipts fall short
of the current expenditures; and if that be
the case, then, I care not at what time it
occurs, you are under the necessity of increas-
ing the public debt if that excess of expend-
itures over receipts continues. We have had
excess of expenditures over receipts for the
last two months, and if it were to go on until
it should absorb the surplus the Secretary has
in the Ireasury, how would you carry on the
Government unless you should increase the
public debt ? You are then under the neces-
sity of making a loan, and it is only because
of the surplus in the Treasury that we avoid
that necessity when there is now an excess of
expenditures over receipts. So we are here
brought then to the question of how we will
treat this matter in providing for the resump-
tion of specie payments.
I have already argued that our plighted faith
requires us to do something, that we may not
be passive under that act of March 18, 1869.
We have pledged ourselves, first, to redeem
in coin or its equivalent; second, to make
provision for the redemption of these notes,
not to stand still and wait until such time as
specie payment will come of itself without any
provision for meeting it. I do not say that we
can enact it by law; I do not say that the
enactment of this bill will result in specie
payment; but it is our duty to redeem that
plighted faith by making such provision as we
believe will facilitate it, making at least an
effort in that direction.
Now, then, what should we do? We must
either aet and fix a peremptory day when
specie payment shall be resumed, or we must
act and leave the question of whether it can
be permanently maintained to be determined
by the Secretary of the Treasury, or we must
stand still and not act at all. One of these
three modes we must adopt. The committee
think we cannot fix a day when it shall be
said peremptorily that specie payments shall
be resumed ; we do not wish to encounter
the dangers which might result from such an
enactment, for we all know that if we were to
make such peremptory enactment and specie
payments could not be maintained, disaster
and ruin would follow.
What then do we propose? We provide
that on a stipulated day the Secretary of the
Treasury shall redeem United States legal-
tender notes in coin, or, at his option, in the
bonds of the Government, bearing five per
cent, interest. That section looks to the con-
tingency either that he may not be able to
continue payment in coin, or that his pay-
ment in coin may result in a contraction of
the money market, and therefore we go fur-
ther and provide, not simply that he shall pay
in coin or in bonds bearing five per cent, in-
terest, but that he may reissue the United
States notes. The bill provides really only
for an attempt to resume specie payments,
with precautions for avert ing the consequences
of a failure to make that attempt successful,
and that, it seems to me, is the least we can
do under the pledge of the plighted faith of
the Government.
Two things, then, are to be feared: first,
contraction; second, expansion. Contraction
is to be feared under the redeeming operation
of-the first section. Expansion is to be feared
under the provisions of the bill authorizing
the reissue of greenbacks, and free banking,
authorizing an unlimited amount of national
bank currency.
To prevent contraction the reissue of the
greenbacks is authorized, the authority to
establish national banks is given, and the obli-
gation to retain a reserve is removed.
Thus we have redemption in coin if practi-
cable ; if not practicable, a redemption in the
plighted faith of the Government bearing that
rate of interest which now enables it to bring
P®r in gold. If we can do either of these, and
the legal-tender notes can be received and paid
out again under the discretion of the Secretary
of the Treasury, we reach specie payments
without the dangers which have heretofore
been apprehended from fixing a time for re-
suming specie payments. If we cannot do this,
then 1 submit to any one who examines the bill
that those provisions which authorize the pay-
ment in bonds, the establishment of national
banks, and releases the reserve, guard the
country against the dangers which would other-
wise follow from a peremptory resumption
,_i ete have been other criticisms on this
bill; tor instance, in reference to the removal
of the reserve. I do not know that I can
throw any additional light on that subject, but
