138
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 11,
of large amounts of money which are not now
distributed wisely, however it may hare been
at first. But there are the treaties, and we
have the legacy of the old policy of past years
of the Government left on our hands. For
my part I do not quite see how we can undo
the work unless we have a general change of
plan, with the consent of the Indians them-
selves.
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. I desire to make
this suggestion : I do not blame the Commit-
tee on Appropriations for the bill they have
brought in. i do not believe that with exist-
ing treaties or agreements recognized as such
they can bring in any other bill than they have
brought in. My appeal is to this House to
refuse to pass the bill, and to instruct the Com
mittee on Appropriations to bring in a bill
properly guarded as to the expenditure of the
money. The committee have done their whole
duty under existing law. It is the law which
I desire to have changed, and this House can
order it to be changed here and now.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I withdraw my
amendment.
Mr. SARGENT. I move to strike out the
last word. The tribes referred to by the gen-
tleman from Kentucky [Mr. Beck] are made
up of various bands located temporarily at
Fort Hail, numbering about one thousand, and
also some in Wyoming and some in Utah,
making another thousand, making a larger
number than those provided for by the appro-
priation. That disposes of that part of the
gentleman's argument.
Now, so far as these Indian treaties are con-
cerned, I do not believe that any resolution
ever passed by this House, or any suggestion
that ever came to the mind of any gentleman,
with however much force, would sanction the
breaking of pledges which the Government has
given to the various Indian tribes. The na-
tional faith is bound for them. The Indians,
having matters interpreted to them and under-
standing things as they did, required at our
hands that we should make certain stipula-
tions, that we shonld give them a certain i
amount of money, a certain amount of goods, !
in consideration of their relinquishing certain
portions of their territory. On the one side it .
was a purchase of real estate, on the other
side it was a sale of real estate ; and I know
of no principle either of private or public ethics
that will justify Congress or any other power
in violating a bargain like that; and it cer-
tainly is not justified by the consideration that '
we have the power so to do. I
If these treaties are ever altered it must be 1
by the consent of the Indians. That consent j
has not as yet been obtained. The resolution
of the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Beck,] j
that the House of Representatives has the
right to judge whether money shall be taken
from the Treasury, I adopt to its fullest extent. 1
But it cannot operate in violation of public
faith ; it cannot repeal the Constitution of
the United States; it cannot revoke the im-
mutable laws of right.
Now, in regard to these particular Indians,
they are getting along very well; they are in-
creasing in civilization; they are peaceable,
though enemies of the Sioux, who are our nat-
ural enemies. They would advance more rap-
idly than they do but for the incursions of the
Sioux, who, when their crops are ready to be
gathered, frequently sweep down upon them
and deprive them of the results of their labors.
It would be a shame by any action of Congress
to arrest them in their progress. Now, in regard
to the "thieving agents" of the BannockB
and Shoshones 
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. I did not name
them.
Mr. SARGENT. I thought the gentleman
spoke of men who go there and eat up their sub-
stance. I do not know anything about generali-
ties; I come down to the particular instances
upon which the gentleman spoke. If the gen-
tleman referred to any other tribe, let him
name the tribe and I will tell him who is re-
sponsible for the employes furnished for that
tribe. This matter is entirely out of politics.
I say to the gentleman that during all the years
that I have had anything to do with preparing
and advocating this appropriation bill I have
repudiated anything like politics in connection
with the Indian service. When on former
occasions the gentleman from Kentucky has
sought, not to embarrass us in carrying out
reforms and cut down expenditures, but
rather to aid us, I have honored him for it.
The gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Niblack,]
my colleague on the Committee on Appropria-
tions, has evinced the same spirit, and it has
been the spirit of that side of the House
generally, as well as this side. This question
has never been thrown into party politics so
far as any action of mine was concerned, or so
far as concerns the great mass of the House.
Speaking particularly of the Bannocks and
Shoshones, they were under the charge of the
Catholic Church down to a very recent period.
They subsequently, in exchange for this res-
ervation, took charge of the Grand Ronde res-
ervation in Oregon, a large and important
reservation, which is prospering, which is in
fact declared to be one of the model reserva-
tions. And now the Methodist Church has
charge of these Shoshones and Binnocks.
The representatives of that church recommend
to the President the agent, and their recom-
mendation secures his appointment. That
agent appoints every one of the employes, the
farmers, mechanics, &c. He selects men with
families and men of moral character. By
means of these employes the good influences
of that church are projected right into the
midst of these reservations. Thus the Indians
are taught a better and higher life. Their
children are instructed so far as they will
learn, and I admit that Indians, and especially
young Indians, are wild. So far as they will
learn (and they learn to an encouraging degree)
they are taught trades.
Mr. CONNER rose.
Mr. SARGENT. I do not yield to my friend
from Texas, [Mr. Conner,] who would doubt-
less tell me about the Kickapoos, who come
from beyond the border of Mexico and ravage
the Texas frontier. As I saidyesterday, when
speaking on this subject, those things must be
stopped, and stopped by the military arm of
the Government. But I am talking about
peaceful tribes, and especially about the
Shoshonesand the Bannocks; and I challenge
contradiction when I say that they are improv-
ing rapidly under the care of the Government,
and as a consequence of its wisdom in devolv-
ing upon a responsible religious denomination
like the Methodists the selection of these em-
ployes whose pay is provided for in this bill.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SHANKS obtained the floor.
Mr. CONNER. I hope the gentleman from
Indiana, [Mr. Shanks,] if he is going to fol-
low the gentleman from California, [Mr. Sab-
gent,] will speak on the other side of the
question.
Mr. SHANKS. I wish to call the attention
of the House to the fact that the House of
Representatives in May last passed a bill
directly bearing upon the subject now brought
before us by the gentleman from Kentucky,
[Mr. Beck.] That bill, which is now before
the Senate, and will, I hope, become a law,
embraces the following provisions, to which I
ask the attention of the gentleman from Ken-
tucky :
"Be it enacted, <bc., That the Secretary of the In-
terior be, and be is hereby, authorized and directed
to enter into negotiations with any of the Indian
nations or tribes with which we have treaty stipula-
tions conditioned that the United States shall pay
or deliver annuities to the nation, or tribe, or indi-
viduals, any article or articles in kind, or article
whatever of value, other than money, securities, or
lands, with a view to the commutation in money, in
single or annual payments, to be made to the nation,
tribe, or individual entitled under treaty: Provided,
however. That the period for the payment or pay-
ments of the commutation money shall in no case
extend beyond the period of ten years from the pass-
age of this act.
" Sec. 2. That it is hereby made the duty of the
1 Secretary of the Interior to make to both Houses of
Congress, at their next ensuing session after such
negotiation is concluded with any nation, tribe, or
individual Indian, a special and detailed report of
the same; and no such agreement or negotiation
i shall be of any effect until it has been adopted by
1 Congress."
It is not possible, Mr. Chairman, that we can
pass from the treaty system without causing
more trouble than we now have; but it is
entirely possible and entirely proper that we
should take steps to open negotiations with
these people so as to get our relations with
them in a better business shape than they are
now. The many treaties which have been
made by so many different persons and in so
many different interests must cause more or
less trouble; but as soon as we can reduce
those treaties to a system, our relations with
the Indians can be better managed. Until
then, the Committee on Indian Affairs, so far
as their influence extends, (and it is their
province to shape legislation in this matter,)
must insist that the existing treaties shall be
obeyed strictly.
Mr. CONNER obtained the floor.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
California [Mr. Sargent] withdraws his
amendment, and the gentleman from Texas
[Mr. Conner] renews it.
Mr. CONNER. Mr. Chairman, I rose this
morning from a sick bed and came here to put
in my annual protest against this whole Indian
! policy. The remarks of my friend from Cali-
fornia [Mr. Sargent] suggest to me a ques-
tion which I desire him to answer. He tells
; this House and the country that there is no
power within this Government to disregard
the treaties now existing with these Indians;
that such disregard of them would be in viola-
tion of the provisions of the Constitution of
I the United States. Now, I desire him to
j answer whether the Constitution contemplates
! an independent sovereignty and distinct na-
tionality within the jurisdiction of the United
i States, and whether the treaty-making power
does not recognize each Indian tribe as an
independent nationality. Yet we are called
upon to support these tribes from year to
year, and we are edified at every session of
Congress with the reports of the various
Indian commissions who have the manage-
ment of those Indians.
To me this is absurd. One day we recog-
nize these tribes as possessing elements of
sovereignty', and on the next day we treat them
as Government paupers. No such idea was
ever recognized by the framers of our Consti-
tution, for it is at war with the spirit and
genius of our institutions.
I was very much amused at the report I read
the other morning in the papers of this Indian
commission in relation to the affairs of the
civilized tribes so called now domiciled in what
is known as the Indian territory. They apeak
there of the public schools, and the public are
left to infer those schools are sustained by the
Indians, when in fact they are all sustained by
the moneys drawn from the Treasury of the
U nited States according to the express stipu-
lations of treaties.
It is also related there is more grain pro-
duced there by agriculture than in any other
Territory of the United States. By whom?
By the Indians? By no means. Under the
laws of those Indian nations a white man who
goes to that country and marries an Indian
squaw becomes a citizen of the territory
endowed with all the rights, privileges, and
immunities of an Indian. Therefore, a lot of
white men go down into that territory for
money-making purposes ; they marry Indian
squaws; they are untaxed ; they are there on
the very highway of commerce between Mis-
