2062
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 13
that it is just as like as not that a breakwater
is necessary there to protect some inundation,
perhaps to protect some public work that there
may be. At all events those reasons were all
laid before the committee of the House when
they affirmatively introduced that clause in the
bill. There is no reason given under the sun
why it should be stricken out here excepting
this, that it is the beginning of an expendi-
ture, when the chairman perceives that that is
a reason which applies to every possible sur-
vey and from its generality amounts to noth-
ing. Therefore I hope, inasmuch as here is
an opportunity of conferring a favor on the
State of New Jersey, and she seldom receives
any, without its costing a cent, that the Senate
of the United States will have that respect for
our State.
Mr. DAVIS. I will state that $125,000 is
appropriated for surveys and this work is
included in them, so that it costs nothing.
Mr. CHANDLER. But the money is not
expended unless there is use for it. There
are quite a number of surveys. I have heard
of no recommendation for this.
Mr. LOGAN. This is for an artificial har-
bor.
Mr. CHANDLER. Certainly, to create a
harbor.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment.
The amendment was rejected.
The next amendment was in section two,
line six, after the word " therefrom," to strike
out the words "of the piers and connccting
bridges at Chester, Pennsylvania."
The a.mendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in the same sec-
tion, lines seven and eight, to strike out from
the places to be examined and surveyed " the
Penobscot river, from Oldtown to Medway and
vicinity, Maine."
Mr. SP.RAGUE. That ought not to be
stricken out. That is an important point and
ought to be surveyed.
The amendment was rejected.
The next amendment was in the same sec-
tion, line ten, to strike out " the harbor of
Plymouth, Massachusetts."
Mr. CHANDLER. There is an appropria-
tion in this very bill for the improvement of
Plymouth harbor, and what on earth do you
want to resurvey a harbor for that was sur-
veyed a hundred years ago ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. To find another place to
spend the money in, of course. [Laughter.]
Mr. CHANDLER. If the Senate votes it
in, very well.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section 2, lines
eleven, twelve, and thirteen, to strike out " at
Wood's Hole, in Buzzard bay, Massachusetts,
for removal of rocks therefrom. "
Mr. SPRAGUE. That ought not to be
stricken out.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section two, line
thirteen, to strike out " the Island of Cutty-
hunk, Massachusetts, for the erection of break-
waters. "
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section two,
lines fourteen and fifteen, to strike out "the
Pasquotank river, North Carolina."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I should like to have
another vote on striking out the clause "at
Wood's Hole, in Buzzard's bay, Massachu-
setts, for removal of rocks therefrom." I do
not think that matter was sufficiently under-
stood. I know all about that place, and there
should be a survey.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there
objection to going back to that amendment?
["NoI'-' "No!"]
Mr. SPRAGUE. It is in connection with
Martha's Vineyard, where there are fifty thou-
sand people, who move backward and forward
from that place to the mainland every year.
The clause ought not to be stricken out. There
should be a careful survey there. I hope the
amendment will be disagreed to. It is very
important to have the survey.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will put the question again on concurring in
that amendment.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. WEST. I ask at this point permission
to offer an amendment which I have no doubt
will be accepted by the chairman of the com-
mittee. It is after the word " mouth," in line
eighteen, section two, to insert the words,
'"from the mouth of the Red river down the
Atchafalaya river to Brashear, in Louisiana."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was
in section two, line eighteen, to insert the
words " at the entrance of Matagorda bay and
the channel to Indianola, Texas.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section two,
line nineteen, to strike out the words " the
Pamunkey river, Virginia."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section two,
line twenty, to strike out "the Mattapony river,
Virginia."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was ,in section two,
line twenty, to strike out the words " Urbana
creek, on the Rappahannock river, Virginia."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section two,
lines twenty-one and twenty-two, to strike out
"Pine river, St. Clair county, Michigan."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section two,
line twenty-three, to strike out the words
"Tualatin river, Oregon."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section two,
linetwpnty-four, to strike out " Cascade Falls,
Columbia river, Oregon, for removal thereof."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section two,
line twenty-five, to insert, the words "the
mouth of the Coquille river, Oregon."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section two,
lines twenty-five and twenty-six, to strike out
the words "harbor at the mouth of Black
river, New York."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section two,
lines twenty-six and twenty-seven, to strike
out the words "at the mouth of Kewaunee
river, Wisconsin."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section two,
line twenty-seven, to strike out the words'" at
Elk river, Maryland, below Elkton."
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. I hope
that will not be done. The survey of that
river ought not to be stricken out.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. SPENCER. There is an appropriation
in this bill for the improvement of the same
river. It has already been surveyed, and there
is no earthly necessity for a resurvey of it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The next
amendment will be read.
The next amendment was in section two,
line twenty-nine, to strike out the words
" Youghiougheny river, Pennsylvania."
Mr. SCOTT. That river ought not to be
stricken out.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. CHANDLER. I should like to inquire
of the Senator from Pennsylvania where that
river is, and whether he ever heard of it before ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The vote
has been announced.
| The next amendment was in section two,
line thirty, to strike out the words, "Hempstead
harbor, New York."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section two,
lines thirty and thirty-one, to strike out the
words "Aroostook river, Maine, for improve-
ment of the channel."
Mr. SPRAGUE. That is an important
river.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Those are the
very possessions, the Aroostook possessions,
about which we had the Aroostook, war.
The amendment tfas rejected.
The next amendment was in section two,
lines thirty-one and thirty-two, to strike out
the words, "at San Antonin creek, San Fran-
cisco bay, California."
Mr. STEWART. I hope that amendment
will not be agreed to.
Mr. CORBETT. I am told it is important
to have that surveyed, and I think it ought
to be.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I have the same
information.
Mr. CORBETT. I think the amendment
should not be agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. This is properly named
a creek, and I believe it is a large creek. I
think we ought to have it amended so as to
say that it is a large creek. [Laughter.] ■
Mr. CORBETT. It is opposite San Fran-
cisco, and is important.
Mr. COLE. Large steamers go in there
now.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Would it not be better
to amend the amendment by providing to make
that creek a x-iver ? [Laughter.]
Mr. WEST. That is what the money is for.
The PRESIDING OFFICER put the ques-
tion on the amendment, and declared that the
ayes appeared to have it.
Mr. STEWART. I shall call for the yeas
and nays. This is an important survey.
There are twenty thousand people there who
want this survey, and there is a considerable
harbor there.
Mr. RAMSEY. I should like to know
what the amendment is.
The Chief Clerk. The amendment ia to
strike out "San Antonin crcek, San Fran-
cisco bay, California."
Mr. STEWART. That is a typographical
mistake. It should be San Antonio creek.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That cor-
rection will be made. The Chair will put the
question again on the amendment of the com-
mittee.
The amendment was rejected.
The next amendment was in section two,
lines thirty-three and thirty-four, to strike out
the words "San Buenaventura, California,
and Salinas, California."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section two,
line thirty-four, after the word "California"
to strike out the following clause:
And not to exceed $5,000 of the above appropria-
tion may be expended in an exploration of routes
for the extension of the Chesapeake and Ohio canal
to the Ohio river, by the north and south branches
of the Potomao river.
Mr. DAVIS. I hope that will not be agreed
to. I think it is important that that survey
should be made.
The amendment was rejected.
The next amendment was in section two,
lines thirty-nine, forty, forty-one, and forty-
two, to strike out the following words:
For connecting the inland waters along the mar-
gin ofGulfofMexico, fromDonaldsonville, in Louis-
iana, to the Kio Grande river,, in Texas, by cuts
and canals; at Great Pedee river, from Pine Bluff
to Cheraw, South Carolina.
Mr. WEST. That is a compound amend-
ment. I trust the Senators who are interested
in the Great Pedee river will take care of it,
but I hope the Senate will disagree to the prop-
osition of the committee striking out the sur-
i vey for connecting the inland waters along the
