1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
139
80uri, Kansas, Arkansas, and Texas, and all
the emigrants who pass through that territory
are taxed from two to three hundred per cent,
extra price for the corn and grain grown by
these white men, who are domiciled there free
from taxation, protected by your troops, and
who raise corn there and sell it for two dollars
a bushel, simply because they are on the line
of travel, and because white men generally
cannot go there to raise it.
Another thing, they obstruct the progress of
civilization. That territory has become sur-
rounded by organized States, and the business
interests of the country demand it shall be
opeued up to settlement. If we are to regard
these treaties as a permanent institution lam
left to infer that tnere is no possible contin-
gency in the remote future on which the people
of Missouri, Kansas, Texas, and of this whole
nation can hang a hope that these Indians will
ever be removed, and we shall ever have per-
mission to have another railroad from the
North to Texas, so that the present road (a
monopoly) shall continue to charge six dollars
a barrel freight on flour, when another com-
pany offers to build another railroad to Texas,
which would give us competition and flour at
two dollars a barrel, and that, too, without
any land grant, the company only asking the
Indiau territory shall be released from the
grasp of this '• Indian ring," and they granted
right of way through the nation.
Again, in relation to these wild Indian
tribes for which these appropriations are made
here: those Indians are not on the reserva-
tions. There is no necessity for an appropri-
ation for them, because they never go there
except to draw rations and to renew their am-
munition, which they have exhausted in the
massacre of citizens of the country of the gen-
tleman's own race and color. Talk to me
about Indian civilization I I say to you, Mr.
Chairman, and to the gentlemen of this House,
and I defy the country to point me to a single
instance that contradicts the declaration—I
say there never was a civilized Indian on this
planet.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman's time
has expired, but if there be no objection he
may continue.
Mr. CONNER. I assert that just in propor-
tion to civilisation, just in that proportion do
you find the white blood. You find long-haired
men running around Washington pleading and
fighting for the benefit of these " Indian
rings." They are generally three fourths,
and in some instances seven eighths, of white
blood. There is not a "Tubby" Indian, as
we call them, not a "Tubby" Indian in the
whole Indian country who is familiar with the
common English branches. I guaranty that.
Do not talk to me about civilization when the
gentleman from Nebraska [Mr. Taffe] will
tell you that the McCormick reapers, which
you have shipped west to the Indians, have
been split up for kindling wood for the last
fifteen years. You are appropriating here for
the purchase of seed corn for these Indians.
You have been appropriating money for the
same purpose for the same tribes for the last
ten or fifteen years, and they never yet have
been able to produce any for themselves.
They do not raise their seed.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman's time
has expired.
Several Members. I hope there will be no
objection to his going on.
Mr. CONNER. With one more remark I
will conclude. I thank the House for its indul-
gence, and also the Chair.
Mr. Chairman, this whole policy from the
beginning to the end is wrong. I do not hold
the President responsible; I do not hold the
Interior Department responsible, but I do hold
responsible friends on this floor who defend
that policy, who have never seen a wild In-
dian, who have never been brought into con-
tas 1 with them; 1 say I do hold Uiem respons
ible for forcing that policy on gentlemen on
this floor who are more familiar perhaps than
they are with the habits of the Indian and his
capacity for self-government and civilization.
I call it an unjust and unnatural policy, the
history of which may be read in the desolated
homes, the abandoned frontiers, and murdered
men, women, and children, as well as the
women who are carried into captivity, and
subjected to such horrible treatment that I
will not. mention or refer to it here. Why,
sir, you will be dining Red Cloud in the city
of Washington before this Congress is over,
although the gentleman from Nebraska will tell
you that he has just returned with some of his
tribe from the war path, where they have been
murdering people in Nebraska.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SARGENT rose.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
Texas has occupied his own time as well as
the time of the gentleman from California, and
the question is on the amendment.
Mr. CONNER. I withdraw the amend-
ment.
Mr. SARGENT. I renew the amendment.
I heard upon the floor of this House three
years ago this expression: that the Indian
child was the nit that would grow to a louse,
and ought to be killed. I have heard this
other phrase: that the only good Indians
are the dead Indians. And now we are
assured that a civilized Indian is an impossi-
bility on this planet, without referring to any
other. Now, Mr. Chairman, I hardly thought
it was worth while to reply to the extravagant
statements made on those former occasions.
I certainly am willing that the views of my
friend from Texas [Mr. Conner] shall go as
the best statement that can be made on the
uncivilized side of this question.
So far as the treaties are concerned, what
the gentleman has said may perhaps require
an answer. I will state that Chief Justice
Marshall in a very early case decided that
Indian nations upon this continent were nations
in the sense that the United States might con-
tract with them by treaty. A question arose
in the Georgia cases where certain parties held
tracts of land in Georgia, and if it was held
that the original treaty was invalid, they lost
their property rights. The Supreme Court
held that the treaties were valid, and upheld
the rights of those parties for that reason.
That was taken as the highest judicial inter-
pretation of the treaty-making power of the
Government of the United States, and from
that time down to a few years ago, when Con-
gress laid down a different rule, these treaties
had been regularly made.
Now, I never have believed that the original
decision of Judge Marshall was right. I sup-
Eose I was wrong in not believing it, but it
as always been my conviction that there could
not be a wheel within a wheel in this regard ;
that there could not be a nation with attri-
butes of sovereignty within the body of another
nation. But the Supreme Court say differ-
ently. And all the action of the Government
tending in a different direction, I have felt
myself bound, so far as treaties were con-
cerned, made before the time when we laid
down a different rule, that we were governed
by them; that my conscience and the national
faith were governed by them. But suppose
that they are not treaties, they are at any rate
contracts. The consideration, as I have been
compelled repeatedly to say during these de-
bates, has been received by us, a consideration
of the very highest value. And we have whole
States from the Atlantic seaboard beyond the
Mississippi now populous with our people, and
built up exclusively by our people, which
have been surrendered acre by acre by the
Indians under those contracts or treaties en-
tered into with the Government of the United
States, and sold out to its citizens, or given
away to its citizens, replenishing our Treasury
and making our land fruitful far beyond the
first conception of the men who originated
this old treaty system. Now, sir, I am satis-
fied with that so far as this bill is concerned.
But I will go as far as any gentleman in the
direction of this reform ; that, if either by a
congressional committee, or, under the resolu-
tion of the House at its last session, by the
Interior Department, a feasible plan can be
got whereby, with the consent of the Indians,
some of the absurd points of these treaties
can be stricken off, and the Indians can be
benefited by and consent to the change, I will
go for such a reform. And I can appreciate
as well as any gentleman who gets up and
sneers at the bill—I can appreciate the ab-
surdities of those treaties. I am sorry they
exist; but so long as we agreed with bodies
of men, call them nations or bodies of individ-
uals, signing contracts; so long as we agreed
that we would give them a certain number of
teachers, of mechanics, of cattle for their con-
sumption, we are bound by those contracts,
unless we choose in a cowardly manner to
take advantage of our strength and refuse to
fulfill them.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. CONNER. Before the gentleman from
California sits down, I desire to ask him a
question. I desire to ask whether when those
treaties were made by the Indians they were
not based on a certain number belonging to
the tribe, and whether the allowances wera
not made per capital Now, suppose an In-
dian tribe has become depopulated, or is going
downward and growing less in numbers every
year, I desire to know if a treaty made to-day
with an Indian tribe now numbering, say,
twelve hundred, would be carried out in th«
same way five years hence, when the tribe
numbered, say, only five hundred?
Mr. SARGENT. The contracts are mada
with the IndianB as tribes, not as individuals.
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. I am sorry that
the gentleman managing this bill felt it his
duty to intimate that I was seeking to give this
question a political turn. I never thought of
politics in connection with it. I was only try-
ing to save the money of the people, and to
keep the Indians from being plundered.
Mr. SARGENT. Will the gentleman answer
a question ?
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. Certainly.
Mr. SARGENT. Did I understand the gen-
tleman to say that I had given a political turn
to this question ?
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. I did not. I have
given no political turn to the discussion, nor
has any gentleman on this side of the House,
and the best evidence of it is that the three
distinguished gentlemen upon this side of the
House who are members of the Committee
on Appropriations are in their seats but have
not opened their mouths against the bill, and,
for aught I know, agree with what the gentle-
man from California has said; but they can
speak for themselves. I regret that I have
been compelled to say anything in reference
to this bill, not being a member of the Com-
mittee on Appropriations, but I was upon the
committee for two years and I was also, with
the gentleman from California, on a committee
to investigate the administration of the late
Commissioner of Indian Affairs, a committee
which found that both the Government and
the Indians had been plundered to an extent
unparalleled in the history of the Government
in the then management of Indian affairs. The
bound volume containing the report of that
committee, which I suppose is in the hands
of every member, shows that contracts were
made by which millions of dollars were given
to favorites; that contracts for transportation
had been given at rates double those paid by
the War Department at the same time for sim-
ilar service, and that one James G. Blunt,
acting in concert with an Indian agent who
was the near relative of a distinguished Sen-
