140
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 11,
ator, took a fee of $125,000 for securing a pay-
ment of less than SUOO.OOO to the starving
Clioctaws. It iliis system is kept up, indeed
unless we change it, it will enable the same
thing to be done hereafter—simply laying plans
for millions of money to be drawn from the
sweat of the tux-payer to pass iuto the hands
of men of this description, while the Indians
derive no benefit whatever.
I repeat, furthermore, that this money is
being appropriated under treaties that really
are 110 treaties at all. An act of Congress, as
I stated before, was passed appointing com-
missioners to deal with ue tribes, and it pro-
vided that the country selected by those com-
missioners, if the selection was approved by
Congress, should be the allotted reservations ;
but the Senate never condescended to send
the act of that commission to the House for
confirmation, and it never has become a part
of the law of the land and never reached the
dignity of treaties. Though that is made the
pretense for all this expenditure, it is a mere
pretense.
I wish to say specially that the men who
framed the Constitution, such men as Madi-
son and Gallatin and Livingston, themselves
voted for a resolution precisely similar to the
one which the last Congress adopted, as to the
power of the House over treaties, which I
will now read. It is as follows:
"Retolttd, That it being declared by the second
section of the second article of the Constitution 'that
the President shall have power, by and with the
advico and consent of the Senate, to make treaties,
provided two thirds of the Senators present concur,'
the House of Representatives do not claim any agency
in making treaties; but that when a treaty sti|>ulates
regulations on any of the subjects submitted by the
Constitution to the power of Congress, it must de-
pend fur its execution as to such stipulations on the
law or laws to be passed by Congress; and it is the
constitutional right and duty of the House of Rep-
resentatives in all such cases to deliberate on the
expediency or inexpediency ofcarrying Such treaty
into effect, and to determine and act thereon as in
their judgment may be mostconducive to the public
good.''
By that resolution the House asserted, not
five members dissenting, that when an appro- I
priation is called for to carry out a treaty of
this description, it is the right and duty of the
House to determine whether it is right and
proper to make the appropriation in the mode
indicated. That right I maintain. I say fur-
thermore that if I were the most determined
supporter of the President I would insist upon
the same course 'in this matter as I do now.
I know no politics in the matter, but I insist
that these treaties should not be carried out by
appropriations ; that good faith should be kept
with the Indians, and all the money promised '
to the Indians given to them, but given in the
most available form, so that it shall not be
squandered upon favorites called school-teach-
ers, mechanics, &c., and other things for which
there isuo use.
I do not agree with the gentleman from
Texas [Mr. Conner] that the Indians cannot
be civilized. The history of the country proves
the contrary.
Mr. CONNER. In what instance?
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. The Cherokees,
the Creeks, the Choctaws, and the Chick-
asaws are as civilized as any people, and there
are other tribes in process of civilization, the
Mandans, the Gros Ventres, and others in the [
Northwest. i
I think one of the best things that was ever
said upon this subject is the following from i
the report of the Commissioner of Indian
Affairs:
" There is no question of national dignity, be it
remembered, involved in the treatment of savages
by a civilized Power. With wild men as with wild
boasts, the question whetherin a given situation one
shall light, coax, or run, is a question merely of what
id easiest and safest."
That is my opinion. In 1867 we spent
$^0,000,000 in trying to whip these Indians,
being more than double the amount we have
spent since that time in trying to feed, clothe,
uud civilize them. 1 agree with the Commis-
sioner that when they will not behave all the
powers of the Government should be brought
to bear upon them, as has been doue along
the frontier of Texas lately.
Mr. SARGEN l\ A question. The gen-
eral ideas of the gentleman certainly accord
with mine, but 1 would like to ask this
question: the gentleman says he does not
believe in the employment of teachers for
these remote tribes; if you do not give them
teachers, how cau you civilize them? If you
do not furnish them those who will teach them
in the arts of manufacture and the pursuits of
agriculture, how are tliey to make progress in
that direction ?
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. I will answer
the gentleman. Iustead of appropriating a
fixed sum of many thousands of dollars for
teachers of a tribe that has no schools at all,
I would authorize the Secretary of the Inte-
rior, or some other competent officer, to
employ a teacher at a fair rate of compensa-
tion whenever any disposition was shown by
any tribe to have one. But I would not stip-
ulate by treaty to appropriate annually a
fixed sum to be expended in paying two or
three idle men who have nothing to do except
to demoralize the Indians. I would not fix
a sum for agricultural purposes, but I would
authorize a responsible officer of the Govern-
ment to determine how much, under the
peculiar circumstances, each tribe needed for
the purpose, and use the residue for their
benefit in some useful way.
I agree that we are expending more now than
we spent years ago. Though that may seem
to be wrong, it may be necessary ; because
each year we are taking away from the hunt-
ing grounds of these Indians more territory
than is contained in the larger States of the
Union; and we must.aid them if we intend to
build up the territories we have taken and to
fill up the country with the people that we are
sending there. All that involves expenditures.
I am not complaining of proper and necessary
expenditures, but I am complaining of the
system which is robbing them and us, and 1
want this House to put the seal of its condem-
nation upon it and wipe it out.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SARGENT. I withdraw my amend-
ment.
Mr. NIBLACK. I renew it. As allusion
has been made, in connection with this ques-
tion, to the minority of the Committee on
Appropriations, I think it proper that I should
say a few words.
I did not make any opposition in the Com-
mittee on Appropriations to reporting this bill
to the House, and for the reason that I con-
sidered the faith of the Government pledged
to carry out the treaty stipulations with the
Indians, without reference to the propriety of
the policy which originally dictated the forma-
tion of treaties with the various Indian tribes.
The scope and duties of the Committee on
Appropriations are comparatively limited, as
every member of this House fully understands.
We are required to appropriate money to carry
out existing laws, and treaties are held to be
laws in the sense in which we are accustomed
to use that phrase. I could not, therefore,
out of any opposition to existing treaty stipu-
lations, or out of any opposition to our Indian
policy, fairly and properly vote to withhold
the appropriations necessary to carry out those
stipulations, so long as they are upon the
statute-books of the country and recognized
as a part of the supreme law of the land.
I will go farther and say that while I recog-
nize our whole Indian policy as in very many
respects a reproach to the age in which we live,
yet we ought not to abandon it by attempting
to withhold appropriations that we are called
upon to make until we first determine what
else we will adopt as a substitute for that
policy. I do not agree with my distinguished
friend from Kentucky [Mr. Beck] in some
respects as regards his substitute for the
existing Indian policy of the Government.
He says he would not recognize the existing
treaties, but still he would vote a gross sum of
money to the Indians equal in amount to the
sum which these treaties require us to pay.
! Now, with all deference to his opinion, I do not
1 think that would better our condition or the
: condition of the Indians in any respect. The
same opportunities for preying upon the In-
dians will exist then as now. The same
amount of money will be expended for their
benefit, and those who have an influence over
the Indians to their prejudice can perpetrate
the same frauds and injustice upon them when
they receive their pay under this general sys-
tem that they can under the present treaty
system. I therefore regard the proposition of
the gentleman from Kentucky as practically
not a remedy for the evils of which he com-
plains.
But, sir, the point upon which I do insist—
and 1 yesterday called the attention of the
gentleman from California to the question with
a view of impressing the House and possibly
directing the attention of the country to it—is
that the influence, the ability, the statesman-
ship of those in the executive branch of the
Government who have charge of Indian affairs
should be exercised for the purpose of en-
deavoring to reform many of the treaties which
now exist, and which, as I remarked yester-
day, are obsolete, or if not obsolete, imprac-
ticable; and that such measures should be
pressed upon Congress from year to year as
will reverse, if possible, almost the whole In-
dian policy of the country, except that which
looks to the settlement of the Indians upon
reservations and their civilization.
Mr. SARGEN I1. Let me remind the gen-
tleman that these treaties are gradually expir-
ing. The very paragraph now under discussion
is an item for which this is the last appropria-
tion. The bill contains probably twenty items
which are appropriated now for the last time
Mr. NIBLACK. The appointment of these
I peace commissioners was, I think, a step in
the right direction ; but it was to some extent
an abandonment of the treaty policy which
had previously been pursued by the Govern-
ment. It was a recognition of the sovereign
power of Congress over the Indian tribes.
That step having been taken, I think the logic
of the policy then adopted requires that we
should go still further; that while we should
treat the Indians with the utmost kindness and
humanity in all respects, using all means at
our disposal for their improvement and civil-
| ization, yet on the other hand we should deal
! with them firmly, and, when occasion requires,
! sternly, repressing every outrage on iheir part,
even if this effort on the part of the Govern-
ment should result in their extermination.
For, Mr. Chairman, these Indians are now
standing across the pathway of emigration in
this country.
" Westward the course of empire takes its way."
We may talk as we please about justice to
the Indians, and their capacity for civilization ;
but the logic of events, winch we cannot repress
if we would, requires that those people shall
not much longer stand in the way of the
growth of this country in the direction of the
Pacific coast. They already occupy some
gaps between us of the Atlantic and the peo-
ple of the Pacific which the white man or
somebody else must before a great while be
permitted to occupy and cultivate for the
benefit of some portion of the human race.
Wecannotallowthose large districts ofcountry,
the best we have remaining unsettled, to con-
tinue as mere hunting grounds for anybody.
As we are now going on, the destiny of these
Indian tribes must either be extermination or
absorption in some way as a part of the com-
munity. I agree with my friend" from Texas,
[Mr. Conner,] that their capacity for civiliza-
tion is dependent very much upon the proper-
