1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2065
I have not labored in committee to increase
any appropriations for New York, or to press
any or the appropriations asked for. I have
offered no amendment in the Senate; but I
feel bound to offer one amendment, which I
think the Senate will cheerfully accord. There
is on Long Island a river—the particulars of
which I will give if desired ; they are all here
before me—to improve which the State appro-
priated $15,000 upon the understanding that
the Government would aid also. There was
an appropriation made, not as asked for, but
of $10,000. The State has paid its appro-
priations. The work has been commenced,
but now no appropriation has been included
in the bill by the House, and I have received
to-day from the engineer a letter written by hia
own hand calling my attention, and that of the
committee, to the feet that we cannot afford to
leave this work as it is, and lhat the remaining
$10,000, which ia not only recommended in the
estimates, but is the subject of a special com-
munication here independent of this letter,
ought to be, and in the sense of economy
must be, appropriated.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Where is the place?
Mr. CONKLING. The Peconic river,
Long Island, which is navigable up to River
Head, which has a very considerable com-
merce, where wood and coal and various
other things are shipped. So that I move to
amend the bill by inserting at the end of line
one hundred and eleven, the following:
For improvement of Peconic river. Long Island,
810,000.
Which, in both these communications, is
stated to be the least sum which will do the
work necessary for this fiscal year.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator is aware that this amendment cannot be
received without unanimous consent.
Mr. CONKLINGL I do not understand
that. The amendment is in order. It does
not require unanimous consent.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does it
come from the committee?
Mr. CONKLING. I will inquire of the
chairman, did the committee refuse to report
this amendment ?
Mr. CHANDLER. Everything they re-
ported ia in the bill.
Mr. CONKLING. The committee did not
refuse to report this when I was present.
Mr. CHANDLER. Then I cannot answer.
They did not report it favorably. If they
had, it would have been on the bill.
Mr. CONKLING. Yes; if the committee
had put it in the bill, it would have been on,
no doubt. That follows, I think, as a matter
of course.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is not in
order unless it comes from a committee.
Mr. CONKLING. I do not think the chair-
man ought to object. I have offered no other
amendment, and I believe every other Senator
has been indulged. Even the Senator to
whom he objected has put on three or four
amendments I believe.
Mr. SPRAGUE. No; I have not offered
any but one.
Mr. CONKLING. I have done all I can
by calling attention to it. I am satisfied not
only that it ought to be adopted, but that it
will be an extremely foolish thing, not on the
part of the Senate, because the Senate can
never do foolish things, but a very foolish
thing on the part of the Government to leave
that work as it is, when it must all be lost,
sooner or later, unless this appropriation is
made, and when the State has .paid $15,000
and the whole of it has gone into the work.
Mr. STEWART. There is no objection to
it. It must be proper.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there
objection to the reception of this amendment?
The Chair hears none. The question is on. the
adoption of the amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr, SPRAGUE, I renew the amendment
42d Com. 3d Sess.—No. 130.
which 1 offered, and I wish to say that my friend
from Oregon [Mr. Corbeti] observed to me
that when this amendment was referred to
the Committee on Commerce it was the inten-
tion of the committee to give the amount
specified in that item. I hope the chairman
of the committee will not now object.
Mr. CORBETT. I think I stated to the
Senator that I believed we gave him all he
asked for. That was my impression.
Mr. SPRAGUE. That was what I asked for.
Mr. CORBETT. He asked for $8,500,
which we put in the bill.
Mr. SPRAGUE. This is the same amend-
ment; I trust there will be no objection to it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there
objection to the reception of the amendment
of the Senator from Rhode Island making an
appropriation for the improvement of Newport
harbor? The Chair hears none. The ques-
tion is on the adoption of the amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PRATT. I wish to move an amend-
ment on page 17, section two, line nineteen.
I wish to provide for an examination or a
survey of that section of the Wabash river
between the city where I live and Lafayette, a
distance of about forty miles. Some two or
three years ago provision was made by law for
the survey of the Wabash river from its mouth
to Logansport. It has been made to the city
of Lafayette. I now move to insert after the
word "Texas," in line nineteen of section
two, the words "the Wabash river, from La-
fayette to Logansport, Indiana;" so as to pro-
vide for a survey of that portion of the river.
Steamboats used to go up there. By a dam
across the river at a place called Georgetown,
slackwater navigation would be created, so
that we could have navigation there for four
months in the year.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HAMLIN. Would it be in order to
move an amendment appropriating $10,000
for every bay, harbor, creek, and inlet known
in the United States? [Laughter.] Thatwill
be sure to cover them all, and we can get at a
conclusion of the question in the shortest way.
Mr. CONKLING. Let us try the sense of
the Senate on that.
Mr. CHANDLER. I think such an amend-
ment would carry if the committee reported
against it. [Laughter.]
Mr. COLE. If the amendment were con-
fined to the harbors and lakes and trout streams
up in Michigan it would answer every purpose.
[Laughter.]
Mr. DAVIS. On page 3, line forty-seven,
after the words " West Virginia," I move to
insert " to be expended by the board of public
works of that State," so as to read :
And for the improvement of Great Kanawha river,
West Virginia, to be expended by the board of
public works of that State, $25,000.
Mr. CHANDLER. I object to that.
Mr. DAVIS. If there is any objection, I
will withdraw it.
Mr. CHANDLER. I will move a recon-
sideration of the vote by which that clause
was allowed to remain in the bill, if that will
satisfy the Senator.
Mr. DAVIS. I do not insist on the amend-
ment if there is objection to it. I withdraw it.
Mr. HILL. Like the Senator from New
York, I have not moved a single amendment
to this bill as yet. I propose to offer one now.
It is not to appropriate any money. Let it be
inserted on the same page where those other
amendments are put providing for surveys.
It is this:
For the survey of an inland canal 
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. I raise a point
of order on that amendment.
ThePRESlDING OFFICER. The Senator
will state bis point of order.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. My point is
that any amendment that does not appropriate
money is not in order on this bill. [Laughter. ]
Mr. HILL; Let the amendment be read.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It is evident we are not
going to finish this bill to-night, and therefore
1 move that the Senate take a recess for thir-
teen hours, which will carry us over to six
o'clock to-morrow night.
Several Senators. Let us go through with
this bill. ;
Mr. HILL. The length of time 1
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
is not debatable.
Mr. HAMLIN. I desire to make a sug-
gestion to the Senator from Vermont. I think
my colleague desires to call the attention of
the Senate to a subject which he cannot well
do now, and I hope the Senator will withdraw
his motion for a few moments.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If we can go on and finish
this bill in a little while, very well; but we
have been here ever since I can remember,
and we ought to go home. However, I will
withdraw the motion for a moment.
Mr. CHANDLER. I hope we shall be
allowed to finish this bill. It must go to the
House on Monday morning.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Georgia.
Mr. CHANDLER. I hope it will be voted
down. That is that great inland canal we have
heard of.
Mr. HILL. It requires no money at all.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment will be read.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment, as
follows:
The Secretary of War is directed hereby to detail
the necessary number of engineers for the survey of
an inland canal route from New Orleans, Louisiana,
to St. Mary's, Georgia, via La"ke Ponehartrain, Mis-
sissippi sound, Mobile bay, Apalachicola bay, to St.
Marks, and from any point between St. Mark's and
the Cape of Florida, by the most practicable route,
across Florida, to St. Mary's, Georgia, and order
such survey to be made.
Mr. CHANDLER. That is the great pro-
ject, or a portion of it, that I spoke of a little
while ago. I hope it will be voted down.
Mr. HILL. I do not propose to appro-
priate any money. This is merely for a pre-
liminary survey of the work, not a practical
survey.
Mr. CORBETT. This proposition was be-
fore the Committee on Commerce. They had
it under consideration and refused to adopt it.
It is an immense work, and will be very ex-
pensive. There is not money enough appro-
priated for all these surveys to do this one
alone. We had maps before the committee
and examined the whole question.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. The only
way to get through with this bill is to object
to everything that is not in order. If gentle-
men on the floor are to be permitted to offer
amendments that are not in order, there is no
telling when we shall get through with it. I
do not say anything about this pending amend-
ment, for I do not know anything about it,
but now is the time to object to everything out
of order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendmentof the Senator from
Georgia.
The amendment was rejected.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on concurring in the amendments made
as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. WEST. I wish to move for a non-con-
currence in one amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If the Sen-
ator will indicate it, it will be excepted.
Mr. WEST. During my absence from the
Chamber on committee business, the Senate
struck out the words " in Louisiana," on page
7, line one hundred and fifty one. I will not
detain the Senate now on the subject.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That amend-
ment will bo excepted. If there be no other
