tttS ^GOifCxEESSIOKAL <1L©§E.
February 5,
extraordinary product of the Finance Com-
mittee which has just been acted on; then he
thought there was time enough for all these
things—we ought, I submit, to proceed with
the business before us according to its relative
importance and standing.
Now, I merely wish to do my duty, and 1
submit it to the pleasure of the Senate, this
bill having been reported for a long time,
whether they intend to act upon it this session
or not. If the Senate choose to say, " we will
take up the diplomatic appropriation bill,"
which is a matter of course, with one or two
exceptions, or any other bill, very good ; my
mission will have been performed, and I shall
have nothing more to say. But if the Senate
intend to consider this bill at this session, you
may just as well consider it now when we are
ready, as to postpone it and keep it along until
everybody else has his particular matter in
charge disposed of. So, if the Senate choose
not to take up the bill now, I shall feel re-
lieved from all responsibility, and so faras I
am advised shall not ask the Senate again to
take it up.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Mr. President,
I did vote not to lay the finance and currency
bill on the table for the very best possible
reason to myself, and that was that the Senate
having progressed two days on it I thought it
Was good economy to conclude it. I did not
vote to take it up, as I think my honorable
friend did; I did not vote to enter upon it; but
it being up, I did vote to continue it, because
I supposed we should by holdiug on to it make
an end of it within a reasonable time. I do
not wish to occupy the time of the Senate, but
I would like to have the expression of the
Senate whether it will go on with the appro-
priation bills or whether it will go on with
something else.
Mr. CONKLING. I should not like to give
a vote to make the operations of the Commit-
• tee on Appropriations any slower than they
are. On the contrary, I should like to give
a vote to encourage all the members of that
committee in increased swiftness.
Now, tho Senate has been engaged three
days upon a bill which it must have been
obvious to everybody for the last two days
was as dead as Henry VIII. Except the
members of the committee which reported
it, there has been substantially almost nobody
in the Senate for the bill for the last two days
as far as anybody could judge by expressions
goiiijj on around. A good many Senators
refrained from voting to lay it ou the table
just now who were opposed to the bill. I
have a right to say that, because their expres-
sions have been open for two days ; ana yet
nobody on the Appropriation Committee has
felt called upon to make the motion, which at
last the Senator from Ohio [Mr. I'hdrman]
made, to take that bill out of the way to the end
that we might proceed with something which
had some prospect of becoming legislation.
Now the Seuator who has in charge an ap-
propriation bill wants to proceed with it. I
shall vote with him. Tho Senator from Ver-
mont wishes to go on with a bill relating to
the distribution of the Geneva award. I shall
vote without any hesitation against that mo-
tion. I should vote against taking up a bill
which I thought was more pressing than that,
to go on with the appropriation bills. And
now I will assign very briefly my reasons.
In the first place, I see nothing very press-
ing about the bill to_ distribute the Geneva
award. I do hot believe that anything very
serious would happen if that bill should not
pass at this session. On the contrary, I am
inclined to think that it would require some
ingenuity to show any very influential reason
why it should pass now rather than at gome
other time. But I am more clear that there
is nothing to be said in favor of its occupying
time now. Without improper allusion to the
proceedings of the other House, I may say
that a day has been fixed there, a very early
day, when this subject is to be discussed, and
I can hardly suppose that we shall not derive
some light from the discussions and action
which may take place in the other House. I
should think it a very violent supposition that
they would not derive some advantage from
the discussions which take place here. That
day, according to my recollection, is so nearly
reached— ray impression is that it is Friday of
this week—that if we take up this bill now we
shall have two bills proceeding contempora-
neously in the two Houses on the same sub-
ject. I think that is a bad economy of time
and a bad arrangement.
But, Mr. President, passing beyond the bill
touching the Geneva award, I want to say a
word about the appropriation bills. There
are, as I ventured once before to remind the
Senate, several questions of privilege which
we cannot possibly avoid, for some of them
determine the count of electoral votes. When
the time which is likely to be devoted to such
questions is deducted from the remainder of
this session, it seems to me that the Senators
having the appropriation bills in charge hardly
realize yet how little time they are to have for
those bills, and I venture to predict that the
result will be that they will go through at last
in a huddle, go through in the night, and go
through without any deliberate, proper oppor-
tunity to consider them.
Therefore, if I could see that the Geneva
award bill was vastly more exigent in respect
to time than I believe it is, I should vote with-
out hesitation to let the Committee on Appro-
priations occupy the time now, before these
privileged questions are brought in. We shall
have in a day or two the Arkansas case ; in a
day or two the Louisiana case ; and we must
act upon them before this day week, because
on this day week we count the electoral voles ;
and we must determine the question what is to
be done in those States 
Mr. EDMUNDS. What is the Arkansas
case, to which the Senator alludes?
Mr. CONKLING. The Arkansas case is
the case which, as my friend very well knows,
has been referred to the Committee on Priv-
ileges and Elections. How much there is of
it I do not know, but it is to be in some
form passed upon. But the Louisiana case
is a much graver case, as the Senator's ques-
tion implies. That we cannot put aside. Ap-
propriation bills and everything else must
bow to that. I refrain from alluding to other
cases of which I am reminded by a Senator at
my side, which are not only questions of high
privilege, but which will demand and receive
attention when they come.
Now, I submit to the Senate that it would be
far more provident and prudent for us to take
up the appropriation bills which are ready,
and with which the Committee on Appropria-
tions wants to proceed, and consider them;
and if after they are considered there is time
not only for the questions of privilege but for
the consideration of a bill like this—important,
doubtless, but not, as I humbly conceive, im-
portant this day any more than the day after
to-morrow or two weeks hence, and not im-
portant as compared with many other measures
upon the Calendar, even if it should pass over
the session of Congress—we should select the
measures to be acted on and proceed with them.
But the advantage of acting on them in ad-
vance, leaving the appropriation bills to take
their chances at the last of the session, I can-
not see.
Therefore, I shall vote to advance the appro-
priation bills, and I shall do so the more
clearly in this case because I conceive that the
particular bill moved by the Sonator from Ver-
mont is not one in which the element of time
is by any means a paramount element,
Mr. EDMONDS. Mr. President, it is a
matter of sincere regret with me that the Judi-
ciary Committee are not able to have the sup-
port of my hono'rable friend from New York,
even in getting this bill before the Senate for
consideration. It is quite evident that my
friend from New York is determined that this
bill shall not pass : and if I do not interfere
with the rights of another body at the other
end of the Capitol, for which he seems to have
so much admiration, I might say that perhaps
he is much* more in favor of a scheme which
is being considered or is to be considered
there, than he is of this_; and so he puts to
us the persuasive reasoning that it is the duty
of this body to suspend considering measures
before it in order that that digni^ed assem-
blage at the other end of the Capitol, which
he once so much graced and adorned, and
whose sweet influences, like those of the
Pleiades, seem to hang around him still, may
after discussion there develop a scheme to
be sent to us, that we may be guided there-
by in the paths of wisdom and of virtue.
Well, amen. I believe in all that, of course ;
but, Mr. President, to be a little serious, my
friend from New Yoik says that there is no
haste in considering this bill. Of course I
cannot discuss its merits, but I have a right
to say on this motion that if there are any
classes of the citizens of the United States
who in respect to equity are entitled to any
part of the money which is to be paid by
her Majesty's Government, they are entitled
to have it speedily. Their property has been
destroyed for now ten years. If you delay
action upon this bill, if they are to have any-
thing, until next winter, I cannot discuss the
merits. You put off by a whole year the time
when they will realize the small advantage
that each one of them personally is to get
out of this fund.
Then I do submit to the Senate, with all
deference to my friend from Maine and my
friend from New York, that it is justice and
economy both to go on with this bill if you
intend to act upon it at all. There is no
better reason for passing this bill in haste
at the end of the session, which involves
grave questions all around, than there is for
so passing an appropriation bill, which, if
it is a true appropriation bill, only carries
out the law, and you can see in a moment
whether it is within the law or without. So I
submit it to the Senate to say, as that is in
substance the effect of the proposition of my
friend from New York, whether we shall pro-
ceed with this bill at all, or whether we shall
let it go over.
Mr. CONKLING. Whenever my friend
from Vermont is facetious he is inimitable,
and of course unanswerable. Therefore I do
not rise to deal with his jocose remarks about
the House or about me, but to say that prob-
ably among the people in favor of whose equi-
ties the Senator from Vermont is -ostensibly
so much exercised to-day more of them are
my constituents than belong to the constitu-
ents of any other Senator in the Chamber.
It may be well to bear in mind that her Bri-
tannic Majesty has a year in which to pay the
money awarded at the Geneva tribunal.
Mr. EDMUNDS. They are to pay by the
12th of next September.
Mr. CONKLING. The Senator says the
money is to be paid by the 12th of next Sep-
tember. Therefore I do not suppose that
anybody's constituents will be likely to real-
ize, in commercial phrase, upon this money
whether we act upon this bill to-day or whether
we do not act upon it until this day week. I
remind the Senate of that in order that they
need not suppose that we are being diligent
trustees or advocates of creditors behind us
by acting one day rather than another in refer-
ence to a fund which everybody knows will not
be disbursed until more than a year hence if the
tribunal were set in motion this very hour
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I should like
to ask the Senator from Maine how long the
appropriation bill which he has ready will
probably occupy the Senate.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I should hope
not more than thirty minutes.
