144
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 12,
deceased, and the petition of Mary Ann Pop-
ltam. daughter and heir and for the coheirs
of Jonah Thompson, deceased, praying to be
indemnified for spoliations committed by the
French prior to the year 1801 ; which were
ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM presented the petition
of the New Haven Marine Insurance Com-
pany, of New Haven, Connecticut, and the
petition of Huldah Francis, daughter and heir
of Captain John Francis, deceased, and Maria
L. Barnes and Eliza S. Francis, granddaugh-
ters of Stephen Francis, praying to be indem-
nified for spoliations committed by the French
prior to the year 1801; which were ordered to
lie on the table.
Mr. VICKERS presented the petition of
William B. Wilson, of Baltimore, the petition
of G. M. Reese, for himself and others, of Bal-
timore, and the petition of H. T. Walter, of
Baltimore, in behalf of his wife and the coheirs
of George Wilson, deceasedi praying to be in-
demnified for spoliations committed by the
French prior to the year 1801 ; which were
ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. STEVENSON presented the petition
of W. A. A. Adams, of Newport, Kentucky,
praying to be indemnified for spoliations com-
mitted by the French prior to the year 1801 ;
which was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. WILSON presented the petition of
mechanics and laborers employed at Glouces-
ter, Massachusetts, in preparing stone for the
Boston post office, praying for pay for two
hours per day extra work up to December 1,
1872 ; which was referred to the Committee
on Education and Labor.
Mr. CONKLING presented the petition of
Mrs. E. 8. Constant, sole heir of William and
John Sinclair, and the petition of John Milli-
ken and E. A. Milliken, heirs and for the co-
heirs of John Milliken, deceased, pitying to
be indemnified for spoliations committed by
the French prior to the year 1801; which were
ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut, presented the
petition of Mariah S. Smith ana others, chil-
dren of Eliphalet Sanford, deceased, for them-
selves and coheirs, and the petition of J. S.
L. Ward and others, praying to be indemni-
fied for spoliations committed by th« French
prior to the year 1801; which were ordered
to lie on the table.
Mr. RAMSEY presented a memorial of citi-
zens of Minnesota remonstrating against the
passage of the bill to perfect navigation on the
Mississippi river; which was referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. SCHURZ presented the petition of
John P. Thomas, administrator of the estate
of Robert S. Thomas, deceased, of Kansas
City, Missouri, praying compensation for prop-
erty destroyed by United States soldiers while
ren+ed and occupied by the United States mili-
tary forces in 1863; which was referred to the
Committee on Claims.
Mr. HAMLIN presented the petition of
John Neal and others, citizens <Sf Portland,
Maine, praying to be indemnified for spolia-
tions committed by the French prior to the
year 1801; which was ordered to lie on the
table.
_ Mr. ANTHONY presented two petitions of
citizens of Rhode Island, praying to be indem-
nified for spoliations committed by the French
prior to the year 1801; which were ordered to
lie on the table.
He also presented the petition of William
W. Low. a captain in the Navy, praying to be
allowed the difference between the pay he
received and that of a lieutenant from Sep-
tember 19, 1855, to January 16, 1858; which
was referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. MACHEN, it was
Ordered, That the petition and papers of Eleanor
M. Anderson, prtiyinpr compensation forservices ren-
dered to the United States by her husband during i
the late war, be taken from the files of the Senate
and referred to the Committee on Claims.
On motion of Mr. OSBORM, it was
Ordered, That tho petition and papers of James
D. Green bo taken from tho tiles of the Senate and
referred to the Committee on Claims.
On motion of Mr. DAVIS, it was
Ordered, That the Committee on Claims bo dis-
charged from the further consideration of tho peti-
tion of J. W. Ramsbury, praying compensation for
lumber taken by United States troops in the years
1801, 1862. and 1863, and that tho petitioner have
leave to withdraw his petition and paper9.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. RAMSEY, from the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads, to whom was referred
the bill (H. R. No. 2256) authorizing the Post-
master General to issue one cent correspond-
ence on post cards for transmission in the
United States mails, asked to be discharged
from its further consideration; which was
agreed to, and the bill was postponed indefi-
nitely.
Mr. PRATT, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom was referred the bill (H. R.
No. 855) granting a pension to John S. Cor-
lett, submitted an adverse report; which was
ordered to be printed, and the bill was post-
poned indefinitely.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 1207) grant-
ing an increase of pension to Warren Ray-
mond, a soldier of tie war of 1812, reported
it with an amendment, and submitted a report;
which was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 2443) grant-
ing a pension to Wesley Hensley, reported it
without amendment, and submitted a report,
which was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 2444) grant-
ing a pension to Mrs. Margaret S. Fair, sub-
mitted an adverse report; which was ordered
to be printed, and the bill was postponed
indefinitely.
Mr. CONKLING, from the Committee on
Commerce, to whom was referred the peti-
tion of William H. Vesey, formerly consul at
Havre, asked to be discharged from its further
consideration, and that it be referred to the
Committee on Claims ; which was agreed to.
Mr. SAULSBURY, from the Committee on
Pensions, to whom was referred the bill (H.
R. No. 2420) granting a pension to Mary A.
Diamond, submitted an adverse report; which
was ordered to be printed, and the bill was
postponed indefinitely.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 2427) grant-
ing a pension to Martha M. B. McCulloch,
submitted an adverse report ; which was or-
dered to be printed, and the bill was postponed
indefinitely.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 2434) grant-
ing a pension to Eliza Webb, submitted an
adverse report; which was ordered to be
printed, and the bill was postponed indefi-
nitely.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H, R. No. 2435) grant-
ing a pension to Ann C. Butler, reported it
without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H; R. No. 2436) grant-
ing a pension to Mrs. Mollie L. Roberts, sub-
mitted an adverse report; which was ordered
to be printed, and the bill was postponed in-
definitely.
Mr. CHANDLER, from the Committee on
Commerce, to whom was referred the petition
of Charles Weile, reported a bill (S. No. 1239)
to pay Charles Weile for services performed
as consul at Turabez, Peru ; which was read,
and passed to the second reading.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. DAVIS asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
1240) for the relief of trustees of Wildey Lodge,
I. O. 0. F.; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Claims, and or-
dered to be printed.
Mr. OSBORN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1241) to provide for making a survey for
a canal adapted for steam navigation from the
Mississippi river to the harbor of Fernandina,
on the Atlantic coast; which was read twice
by its title, referred to the Committee on Com-
merce, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, asked, and
by unanimous consent obtained, leave to in-
troduce a bill (S. No. 1242) to authorize the
purchase of an addition to the site of the post
office building in' Boston; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee
on Public Buildings and Grounds, and ordered
to be printed.
COMMITTEE SERVICE.
Mr. AMES. I ask the Senate to relieve
me from further service as a member of the
Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I hope that
will not be acted upon this morning.
The VICE PRESIDENT; The Senator
from Vermont objects. This is in the shape of
a resolution ; and of course, if objected to, it
will lie over one day, although the usual cus-
tom has been to act on snch a motion at once.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I hope it
will not be acted on now.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion will
be passed over for the present, the Senator
from Vermont objecting to its consideration.
REDUCTION OF INTERNAL REVENUE EXPENSES.
Mr. SHERMAN. Is the morning business
through ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It has concluded.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 move, then, that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of House
bill No. 2994, the revenue bill which I reported
yesterday.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in the Committee of the Whole, proceeded
to consider the bill (H. R. No. 2994) for the
reduction of officers and expenses of the in-
ternal revenue.
The bill was read.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will now report the amendments of the Com-
mittee on Finance. Unless objected to, these
smendtoentg will be regarded as agreed to as
they are read.
Mr. SHERMAN. Before the Secretary re-
ports those amendments, perhaps I had better
state briefly the purpose of this bill.
The object of the bill is to supersede section
forty-three of the act of last session. That
act provides that on the 1st of January of next
year the President shall reduce the number of
revenue districts to eighty. The Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue in preparing to
earry into execution this provision of the law
found that it would create very serious em-
barrassment in the collection of the revenue ;
that the districts would be so enlarged as to
remove from the tax-payers at some distance
both the collector and assessor, and in the
western States especially it would make it
exceedingly difficult to have the special taxes
collected. Study and examination of the sub-
ject led him to the conclusion that it would be
far better to abolish one half of the officers of
internal revenue rather than to enlarge the
districts.
It was found upon examination that the vari-
ous changes in the revenue laws had abol-
ished nearly all the duties of assessors and
assistant assessors The objects of taxation
are now confined to whisky, tobacco, beer,
and a few stamp taxes which collect them
selves, leaving the duties to be performed by
assessors and assistant assessors very small
indeed in proportion to the amount of their
pay and compensation. The whole expense
of assessing the internal revenue last, year
amounted to two millions seven hundred and
