1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
206&
the subject and to the Senator most interested.
I would therefore suggest to my colleague, if
the Senate shall deem it proper to give it a
consideration, that we meet this afternoon at
two o'clock for the purpose of considering that
subject. ["Oh, no."]
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Of course I
interpose no objection to any disposition that
the Senate may be disposed to make of this
case. I rise only to suggest to my colleague
that we are now in the morning of Sunday,
that we have two appropriation bills, one
already gone to conference and the other will
go in this early morning, and that I deem it
quite impossible, so far as I am concerned,
that at that hour I could promise to be in the
Senate; but I attach very little importance to
that, as other members of the committee may
very likely be here. Therefore I do not feel
at liberty to suggest even that as embarrassing
the question.
Mr. TIPTON. It is evident that we have
not had an opportunity Bince this testimony
was laid on our desks to look at it, nor would
I be willing to enter on this investigation until
I knew that the Senator implicated was ready
for his defense.
Mr. BOREMAN. It seems to me that the
time fixed by the Senator from Vermont is
about as early as we can afford to come here.
We have been now here nearly all night, and
to come here at two o'clock to-morrow Ithink
would hardly be practicable. If we wait until
seven o'clock in the evening we shall be rested
by that time and able to go on with business.
If we come at seven we can go right ou during
the night. I think that will be better time, and
better than to undertake to meet here at two
o'clock to-morrow.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Ver-
mont to take a recess for fifteen hours and ten
minutes, until seven o'clock p. m.
Mr. SPENCER. We would willingly ac-
cept the proposition of the Senator from Illi-
nois, [Mr. Trumbull.] I presume the Senator
from West Virginia who has charge of this bill
would be willing to accept the proposition of
the Senator from Illinois, provided it is the
understanding that as soon as the Senate comes
together in the evening this bill shall be dis-
posed of.
Mr. EDMUNDS. You cannot do Otherwise
than dispose of it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. This busi-
ness will be in order when the Senate meets,
and will come up of itself.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It would save some time
if it could be read nowwith the unanimous un-
derstanding that nobusinessshall bedone after
it is read, and that the recess shall immedi-
ately take place as soon as the reading is
finished.
Mr. EDMUNDS. And that nothing but the
reading shall be done mean time.
Mr. TRUMBULL. By that you have a
■unanimous consent that at the finishing of the
reading of this bill the Senate will take a recess
which shall expire at the number of hours
necessary to brings us to seven o'clock, and at
seven o'clock this comes up in order.
Mr. PRATT. What becomes of my pen-
sion cases?
Mr. TRUMBULL. They come up to-mor-
row night.
Mr. PRATT. If there is an understanding
that the pension cases shall be called up im-
mediately after this bill is disposed, i will
consent to that arrangement.
Mr. HAMLIN. I feel that it is my duty to
make one more suggestion. I do not feel it
my duty to make a distinct motion for the con-
sideration of the Senate; but if the matter^ to
which my colleague has alluded and on which
I said a word just now shall go over until seven
o'clock to-morrow evening, we are met, first,
with the bill now pending; we are then met
with a bill which will be reported from the
Committee on Appropriations, the deficiency
bill, containing very many doubtful and dis-
puted items of appropriation. We shall have
the various reports from conference commit-
tees, as I have already said; and it does seem
to me that if as early an hour as I have named
be not now agreed upon, it must be regarded
as an expression of the Senate that this matter
is not to be considered, or to be considered at
a time when it can be fully and fairly presented
to the Senate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I want to make one
suggestion in regard to that. I have not my-
self been able yet to examine carefully that
report and testimony. I would be very unwil-
ling to vote upon a question of so much im-
portance to the Senator affected without being
able carefully to examine the testimony for
myself. I should feel derelict, and very un-
willing to come to any conclusion in a matter
of so much importance to the Senator affected,
unless I could personally analyze that testi-
mony. It is impossible for me to do it be-
tween now and two o'clock. We were up last
night and night before last all night ana late
yesterday, and have gone now through the
whole night, and it is impossible for me to
make that examination so that I would be
ready to vote upon it. I do not think the Sen-
ate ought to fix it at a moment when we can-
not have time by ourselves to sit down and
examine this testimony.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is a physical impossi-
bility for the healthiest man in the world to
continue in active mental operations more than
thirty or forty hours, and I feel, as far is I am
concerned, that it is impossible for me to come
back here this afternoon. We are now upon
the Sabbath. To come back here at either
two o'clock or seven o'clock and transact
business, is not possible for me. If we
do it, we disable ourselves from closing the
important business of the session on Monday.
It does seem to me that the wisest way for us
is to fix the hour of adjournment on Monday,
as the House has done it, at about nine o'clock
on Monday morning, which is only a little
more than twenty-four hours off. We can
then come prepared to sit from that time
until noon on the 4th of March. I think in
that time, if we methodize our business, we
can transact all that need be done. It is
not possible for us to come back to-morrow,
or rather this evening, at seven o'clock and
have a night session to-morrow night again,
and then follow it by another night session
afterward. I believe we shall do more by
coming here about nine o'clock on Monday
morning and sitting on then until we transact
such business as we can.
As for passing judgment upon the charac-
ter of a fellow-Senator, yes, upon the charac-
ter of any man however indifferent he is, igno-
rant as I am of this testimony, not having
read a word of it, I would not do it. I would
rather sit still in my seat and not vote than
vote without understanding the testimony that
has been taken and the points that would be
made in a question involving so much of im-
portance to the rights of a Senator.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from
Vermont, that the Senate take a recess until
seven o'clock on Sunday evening.
Mr. SPENCER. After this bill has been
"The PRESIDING OFFICER. With that
understanding.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move to amend to
make the recess for a sufficient number of
hours to reach nine o'clock on Monday morn-
ing.
Mr. TRUMBULL. We may as well adjourn
to that time.
Mr. SHERMAN. Very well. I move that
when the Senate adjourns to-day it adjourn to
meet at nine o'clock on Monday morning.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I ask that we try the
recess question first, because I believe we
ought to come back here at seven o'clock this
evening.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
to adjourn will take precedence of that mo-
tion ; but a motion to adjourn to any other
time than that fixed by resolution or order of
the Senate is different. The Senator from
Vermont moves that the Senate take a recess
until seven o'clock Sunday evening with the
unanimous understanding that the bill now
pending shall be read through before the re-
cess is taken, and no action taken on it or any
other question, but that at the end of the
reading the Senate shall take a recess until
seven o'clock on Sunday evening. The under-
standing requires unanimous consent, and the
vote for the recess will be put afterward. Is
there objection?
Mr. CONKLING. Let us understand this
a little. I do not want to object, but I desire
to hear from the Committee on Appropria-
tions ; for example, what will be the condition
of the deficiency bill to-morrow night, among
other things.
Mr. COLE. I am a little disappointed to-
night in the House not being able to have be-
fore us for reference the deficiency bill. That
is owing to the fact that the clerks engaged in
engrossing the bill in the other House left soon
after the adjournment of the House of Repre-
sentatives and without completing that bill.
We have, however, the promise that it will be
prepared early to morrow morning, that is, this
morning; and we expect it to be in the hands
of the Printer early in the forenoon so that it
will be printed during the day. It is regarded
by myself and others as necessary to have it
printed as amended by the House. I find that
it has been amended to a considerable extent.
We have had the bill as reported to the House
before us for some time, but that is by no
means the bill that has been acted on in that
body to night; and it is essential in my judg-
ment that the bill should be printed belore it
is acted upon in the Committee on Appropri-
ations or by the Senate. When it reaches this
body the Committee on Appropriations will
endeavor to undertake an examination of it
without waiting for it to be presented formally
and referred regularly to that committee, and
we can certainly examine it and become
familiar with the provisions of the bill before
it has been sent here and referred formally. I
hope to dispose of it without a great deal of
delay after it is referred ; but the bill, in my
judgment, ought to be referred as early as to-
morrow night. It cannot be referred now
before to-morrow evening. ,
Mr. WILSON. You want the evening to-
morrow evening.
Mr. COLE. I have thought all the while
we ought to have a meeting to-morrow even-
ing.
Mr. SHERMAN. What is the use of meet-
ing for the mere reference of the bill ?
Mr. COLE. For this reason only, as I
state, that the bill has not yet reached here at
all; it must go through the process of refer-
ence and examination in committee before it
can be acted on in the Senate. Senators all
know the condition of thepublicbusiness justas
well as I do. They know thai there are a num-
ber of the appropriation bills, and indeed all
the important bills, that are now incomplete.
Several of them have been referred. Those
that have to be passed upon by committees of
conference must bo submitted again to the
two Houses, and the Senate, of course, is be-
hind the House in its business. The deficiency
bill having passed that body has not reached
this yet, and if we were to meet to morrow
evening I think by the work of two or three
hours that evening we might put ourselves
pari passu with the House in the busiuess of
the session, and adjourn perhaps by ten
o'clock to-morrow evening and have a night's
rest; but I do not like the idea, while we are
