2070
THE COMRESSIOKAL GLOBE.
March 1,
behind the House so far, of adjourning to the
same time of meeting on Monday morning.
Mr. CONKLING. X wish the Senator would
let me ask him if it is his idea that to-morrovr
evening we can oecupy our time with confer-
ence reports about other bills or with the de-
ficiency bill?
Mr. COLE. With conference reports and
the deficiency bill.
Mr. CONKLING. Will there be any con-
ference reports ready by seven o'clock to-mor-
row evening?
Mr. COLE. I suppose there will be several
ready by that time. The deficiency bill can
certainly be referred to-morrow evening, and I
think we may be possibly prepared to report
it.
Mr. CONKLING. Nothing can be clearer
to my mind than the fallacy of meeting to-
morrow night to refer the deficiency bill, be-
cause ifthecommittee is not to act upon it until
it is referred, and we meet to-morrow night,
they can make no report until the next day;
but of course that is nobody's idea; they are to
take the bill and print it and act upon' it, and
the reference is a form to be complied with ;
but the whole substance has nothing to do with
that. If the chairman of the committee is to
be ready to report rightback the deficiency bill
to-morrow night so that we can act upon it,
that is a reason for coming here. But if the
idea is merely to meet to-morrow night to re-
fer that bill, it is a ceremony which I think
would be "more honored in the breach than
the observance." If there are conference reports
to be ready to-morrow night there is some use
in meeting to consider them, except that in my
belief, as the Senator from Ohio has suggested,
the next day, Monday, will give abundant op-
portunity to do all that just as well as it can be
done partly to morrow night and partly the
next day. The only remaining things are the
bills spoken of by the Senator from Indiana,
[Mr. Pratt,] and I do not wonder that he
expressed some feeling and some earnestness
after all the work he has done on his pension
bills at the idea of having them perish at the
end of the session and be gone over again at
some future time. Those bills ought to have a
hearing, and I do not think we ought to come
here to-morrow night merely to refer the de-
ficiency bill.
Mr. COLE. I suppose, so far as the com-
mittees are concerned, they can be ready to
make conference reports to-morrow evening
at seven o'clock on all matters referred to
them.
Mr. SPRAGUE. The House meets at nine
o'clock Monday. The deficiency bill cannot
be presented to the Senate by their adtion until
after that time, so that therefore the Senate
can devote no time to it between this time and
nine o'clock on Monday morning. The Com-
mittee on Appropriations will be at work
to-morrow on that bill; the matters of confer-
ence will take but little time, and in my judg-
ment the Senate will do more work by coming
here at nine o'clock on Monday than they will
by spendiug all night on Sunday night. I
trust the Senate will follow that view.
Mr. SHERMAN. In order to make the
matter formal without further talk, I move to
substitute for the motion of the Senator from
Vermout a motion, that when the Senate
adjourns, it adjourn to meet at nine o'clock on
Monday morning.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That motion is not in
order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
of the Senator from Vermont is first in order,
which is that the Senate take a recess until
seven o'clock ou Sunday evening, with the
understanding that the pending bill shall be
read through, but no action shall be taken
upon it of upon any other question until after
the recess.
The motion was agreed to, there being on a
division—ayes 24, noes 16.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sec-
retary will now prooeed with the reading of
the bill (H. R. No. 8588) making appropria-
tions for the payment of olaims reported
allowed by the commissioners of claims under
the act of Congress of March 8, 1871.
The Chief Clerk read the bill; and at the
conclusion of the reading (at twenty minutes
East four o'clook a. m. of Sunday, March 2) the
enate took a recess till seven o'clock p. m.
SUNDAY EVENING SESSION.
The Senate reassembled at seven o'clock
p. m., (Sunday, March 2.)
southern olaims.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill (H. R.
No. 8583) making appropriations for the pay-
ment of claims reported allowed by the com-
missioners of claims under the act of Con-
gress of March 8, 1871, is before the Senate,
pending which the Chair will submit to the
Senate some business from the House of Rep-
resentatives.
mining statistics.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate the following concurrent resolution of
the House of Representatives; which was
referred to the Committee on Printing: .
Resolved, (the Senate concurring,) That there be
printed seven thousand copies of the report of the
commissioner of mining statistics, with accompany-
ing maps and engravings; three thousand copies
for the use of the House of Representatives, two
thousand for the Senate, one thousand for the Treas-
ury Department, and one thousand for the commis-
sioner: Provided, That the cost of the maps shall
not exceed thirty-six oents per copy.
international penitentiary congress.
The VICE PRESIDENT kid before the
Senate the following concurrent resolution of
the House of Representatives; which was
referred to the Committee on Printing:
liesolved, (tho Senate concurring.) That Ihore be
printed of the report of tho United States commis-
sioner to the international penitentiary congress of
London four thousand extra copiesfor the use ot the
House of Representatives, two thousand oopios for
the use of tho Senate, and four thousand copies for
the use of the commissioner.
george r. wilson.
The Senate proceeded to consider the amend-
ment of the House of Representatives to the
bill (S. No. 1108) for the relief of George R.
Wilson, which was to strike out all after the
enacting clause of the Senate bill and in lieu
thereof to insert the following:
That the Secretary of the Treasury be, and he is
hereby, authorized and directed to pay to George it.
Wilson, out of any money in tho Troasury not other-
wise appropriated, the sum of $20,000, as payment in
full lor his patent in the construction of iron or
metallic broadside gun-carriages in the naval ser-
vic: this sum to be in full for past and future use of
said patent by the Government of the United States
On motion of Mr. ALCORN, it was
Meaolved, That the Senate disagree to the amend-
ment of the House of Representatives to the said
bill, and ask a conference on tho disagreeing votes
of the two Houses thereon.
Ordered, That the conferees on the part of tho
Senate be appointod by the Vice President.
Mr. Alcorn, Mr. Cragin, and Mr. Machen
were appointed the committee of conference
on the part of the Senate.
bridge at lexington, missouri.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate the amendment of the House of Rep-
resentatives to the bill (S No. 1079) to au-
thorize the construction of a bridge across the
Missouri river at or near the city of Lexington,
in the State of Missouri, and to establish it as
a post road.
The amendment of the House of Represent-
atives was in line four, to strike out "Legislature
of Missouri" and insert "general or special
laws of Missouri, and having the consent of the
Burlington and Southwestern, and the Lexing-
ton, Lake, and Gulf Railroad Company."
Mr. SCHURZ. I move that the Senate
concur in the amendment.
The motion was agreed to.
SOUND VALLEY RESERVATION.
The bill (H. R. No. 4058) to restore a part
of the Round Yalley Indian reservation in Cal-
ifornia to the public lands, and for other pur-
poses, was read by its title,
Mr. STEWART. I should like to hear that
bill read in full. I know that the California
delegation are very anxious to have it passed.
I want it read in mil to see what is. I do not
know what it is.
The bill was read at length.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The understanding was
last night that aa soon as we got through with
the claims bill my friend from Indiana should
have an hour or two for his pension bills. I
object to the second reading of this bill, which
will put an end to it for the time being.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will lie
on the table.
CHANGE OP NAMES OF VESSELS,
The bill (H. R. No. 4059) to change the
names of the schooner Andrew Stewart and
the steamer Sleepy Hollow, was read twice by
its title.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I am authorized by
the Committee on Commerce to ask that that
bill be put on its passage.
By unaoimous consent, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill, which authorizes the change
of the name of the schooner Andrew Stewart
to Barnett Jones, and of the steamer Sleepy
Hollow to Long Branch.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
CONGRATULATIONS TO SPAIN.
The joint resolution (H. R. No. 202) ten-
dering the congratulations of the American
people to the people of Spain was read twice
by its title.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move to put that on
its passage.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the joint resolution, which, in the name
and on behalf of the American people, tenders
the congratulations of Congress to the people
of Spain upon their recent efforts to consoli-
date the principles of universal liberty in a
republican form of government.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate without amendment, ordered to a third
reading, read the third time, and passed unan-
imously.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED,
The following bills were severally read twice
by their titles, and referred as indicated below:
A bill (H. R. No. 4061) to provide for the
preparation and presentation to Congress of
the revision of the laws of the United States,
consolidating the laws relating to the post
roads, and a code relating to military offenses,
and the revision of treaties with the Indian
tribes now in force—to the Committee on the
Revision of the Laws of the United States.
A bill (H. R. No. 4062) to amend an act
entitled "An act making appropriations for
the support of the Army for the year ending
June 80, 1872," approved March 8, 1871—to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
The bill (H. R. No. 3975) to extend the
time for two years to all preemptors on the
public lands in the State of Minnesota and the
Territory of Dakota to make final payment of
the same was read by its title.
Mr. WINDOM. I ask that that be put on
its passage, It will be readily understood.
Mr. SfEWART. Let it be read, that we
may see what it is.
The Chief Clerk read the bill. It provides
for granting to all preemptors on the public
lands in the State of Minnesota and the Ter-
ritory of Dakota the period of two years
beyond the time now allowed by law in which
to make final payment of the same.
