1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
147
I should be very glad if the object which the
Senator from Ohio supposes will be accom-
plished shall be found to be achieved by the
enactment of this bill. Surely the number of
these officers ought to be rednced, and I hope
the bill pending may reduce it. I do not
know that I shall vote against the present bill,
but I confess that I have less confidence in
anything being accomplished under it when I
see that so little has been accomplished under
the former laws upon this subject, and I should
have been glad myself if we had made a posi-
tive provision for the reduction of these officers,
at once. We have put it off from year to
year, leaving it to the discretion of the
department, and we are told by the Senator
from Ohio that the department will want to get
rid of these officers, and that no more will be
employed than are necessary. Now, we know
how that is. That is one of the abuses that
exist in this Government. It is very difficult
to dispense with officers once established,
although the necessity for them may have
C6R86()
The' vice president. The Senator
from Illinois will please suspend. The morning
hour has expired and the Calendar is now be-
fore the Senate.
Mr. EDMUNDS and others. Let ns finish
this bill.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. i hope this
bill will be disposed of.
Mr. ANTHONY. i presume no one would
desire to interpose anything against this bill,
but I should like to have the Calendar go over
informally and not by a vote.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection the rule under which the Senate is
acting upon the Calendar will be informally
postponed until the conclusion of this bill, and
the Senator from Illinois is still entitled to the
floor.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have said all I de-
sired to say, I believe. The point I make
is tbis, in regard to the pending bill: that in
point of fact it does not reduce the number
of officers at all, but on the contrary in-
creases it, and that the reply of the Senator
from Ohio does not meet the point which I
have made, when he says that of course the
department will dispense with all the officers
that are unnecessary, and that it is as anxious to
get rid of these officers as we are and we are
to presume that it will perform its doty. Grant
it. Suppose they are ; the experience of the
Senator from Ohio must satisfy him and every
Senator that where an office is established it
is a very difficult thiDg, where the discretion
is left to the department to abolish it or not,
for the department to get rid of it. He knows
the pressure to continue such officers where
it is left in that way.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am very confident, then,
that the Senator from Illinois will vote for this
bill, because one of the objections to the forty -
third section, which is repealed by this bill, is
that it left discretionary and entirely within
the option of the department what number
of assistant assessors should be employed. It
is a very difficult thing, as the Senator from
Illinois says, to reduce the number of officers,
but this law makes it peremptory.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The law of June 6,
1872, made it peremptory to reduce to a cer-
tain number.
Mr. SHERMAN. Notatall. Itcompelled
the reduction of districts to eighty, and con-
sequently compelled the mustering out of all
the assessors above eighty, but the number of
assistant assessors, the great bulk of the force,
was left discretionary.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from Ohio
is surely mistaken. It is peremptory down to
eighty.
Mr. SHEUM AN. i know that as to assess-
ors 
Mr. TRUMBULL. And as to collectors,
too.
Mr. SHERMAN. I know; but not as to
assistant assessors. The assistant assessors
are like the Army and the assessors are the
mere officers of the Army. You may reduce the
number of officers from two hundred and fifty
to eighty, but if you leave the Army still full
you do not reduce expenses very much.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from Ohio
will see that would involve a gross abuse, a
breach of public duty, when you abolish the
principal officer to continue the subordinates.
The object of the law was to reduce the num-
ber of assessors ; and to go on and continue
the same number of assistants you had before,
when there was no necessity for them, would
be an abuse.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask the Senator from
Illinois if it is not necessary to have an assist-
ant assessor in every county in Illinois?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I imagine not, under
the present law.
Mr. SHERMAN. For the collection of the
tnvPQ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should think not.
Mr. SHERMAN. I should think it would
be.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I cannot conceive what
taxes there are that require an assistant asses-
sor in each county in Illinois. I suppose
some tobacco is sold and retailed probably
in each of the counties of the State, and pos-
sibly some whisky, although I believe my
constituents do not drink much whisky.
[Laughter.]
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. They make
a good deal.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Yes, we make more
for the citizens of Vermont and other States
to drink than we drink ourselves.
; Mr. SHERMAN. I hope this bill, which
is, I think, one of the most sincere and prac-
tical efforts ever made by a Commissioner of
Internal Revenue to promote order, simplicity,
and economy in his department, will not be
met by anything like captious or critical objec-
! tions. The fact that tbis does largely dimin-
ish the expenses is shown by the figures. In-
| stead of mustering out 150 assessors and 150
collectors, it musters out 230 assessors and
i thirteen hundred and odd assistant assessors,
whose aggregate pay last year was $2,700,000.
As a matter of course, that must promote econ-
omy, unless you provide for other expenses,
which we do not, but instead of that we pro-
vide that the duties of the officers whose offices
are abolished shall be performed by the deputy
collectors and collectors who are now paid by
fees. We do not increase the amount of the
fees; but we simply provide that they shall
perform, in addition to their present duties,
certain duties now imposed on assessors, and
the portion of those duties which cannot prop-
erly be performed by collectors are transferred
to the department here. Those duties are
detailed to nomine. We have carefully ex-
amined the law, and it appears that all the
duties which are transferred here can be well
performed here. If so, there is no difficulty
in dispensing with the assessors and assistant
assessors. The whole of this chance of saving
so much grows out of the fact of the very
large reduction of the internal revenue service.
At the beginning of our internal revenue
service the assessors were the most important
officers; more important than the collectors.
On their fidelity and diligence depended the
whole internal revenue service; buttheir duties
have been so diminished by the repeal of taxes,
the change has been so radical, that we are
now able to cut off one half the officers of in-
ternal revenue and transfer the residue of the
duties to a single class of officers, and yet
retain over them all the control provided by
existing law.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Mr. President,
lam somewhat surprised that the Senator from
Illinois, who is usually so careful in his state-
ments, should make a representation here that
the facts of the case will not warrant in any
one particular. In the first place, he repre
sents that under the first law which we passed
we only reduced the number of revenue offi-
cers by eight or ten. When General Grant
first came into power there were twenty-eight
hundred assistant assessors and to day there
are only about thirteen hundred. There was a
reduction offifteen hundred under the first law,
besides a reduction of nearly thirty assessors.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Be kind enough to refer
me to that law which reduced them.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. It was the
law of three years ago, which left it optional
with the department to reduce them, and which
option the Senator from Illinois represents as
not having been exercised at all.
Then, again, we passed a law in June last
reducing the number of collectors and asses-
sors to eighty of each class, and the Senator
complains that nothing has been done under
that. Why, sir, the time when that law was
absolutely to go into effect has not yet arrived;
and before the time has arrived for the going
into effect of that law the Commissioner of
Internal Revenue, by great diligence, by hav-
ing the best officers throughout the couutry
come here and consult with the department,
has devised a scheme by which they can be
very much more reduced than under the law of
June last. That law reduced the number ab-
solutely to eighty collectors and eighty assess-
ors, and left it with the assessors to retain the
number of assistant assessors throughout the
country the same as they now are, and' the
assistant assessors are paid a per diem; but
this bill reduces the whole nutaber absolutely
to the number of collectors required for each
collection district, and the collectors are in uo
case to receive beyond the sum of $4,500.
All their deputies are to be paid out of the
pockets of the collectors. It matters not how
many they may have, so far as the expense to
the United States is concerned; and undoubt-
edly they will be compelled to have in many
places deputies, and will have to pay for
them.
It will be seen that while it does increase
the number of collectors from eighty up to
the number of about three hundred, yet that
it absolutely dispenses with the service of
thirteen hundred officers, assistant assessors,
making a reduction by this law, as compared
with the law of June, of over a thousand. As
I said at the outset, the facts in the case I
think do not warrant the statements of the
Senator from Illinois.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Well, Mr. President, as
the Senator from Vermont seems to desire to
make an issue as to facts, let us inquire what
the facts are. I should be very sorry to make
a misstatement of facts to the Senate, and I
am very glad to have an opportunity to refer
to records as to facts; and although I do not
wish to make a personal issue of facts with the
Senator from Vermont, I will let the Senator
from Vermont stand with his facts against
positive statute.
In the fifst place he says that the law of
June last is not in force ; the officers cannot be
reduced under it. Let us read it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. No; I said
the ultimate time for action under it had not
arrived.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The purport of the
Senator's remark was that it could not be en-
forced yet, if it meant anything. The purport
of the Senator's remark was to accuse me of
an inaccuracy in stating that no reduction had
taken place under the act of June last, and to
make it appeal* that none could take effect
under the act of June last. What says the
law :
"Prior to the 1st day of January, 1873, it shall bo
the duty of the President, and he is hereby author-
ized and directed, to redaoe the internal revenue
districts of the United States to not exceeding eighty
in number."
That is the law : l< prior to the 1st day of
January." It could have been done at any
time ; and when I make an inquiry to know
whether any effort had been made to carry out
