148
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 12,
his law, is it an answer to me to say that it j'
could not yet be done, because a discretionary i
time within which to do it was given, and ,
properly ? Of course it could not be done at
once; it required some time, and time was
given up to January. But there was no ob-
stacle in the way of consolidating these dis- -
tricts as soon as the Government had time to
ascertain the propriety of making the con-
solidations and how to make them. So much
for that statement as to tbe point of fact.
Now as to the other question of fact; it is
said that the law reduced the assistant asses-
sors by fifteen hundred. I asked the Senator
for the statute. He shows me no such statute.
I undertake to say, Mr. President, he can pro-
duce no such statute. There is no statute that
I am aware of, passed by Congress, that re-
quired the dismissal of fifteen hundred assist-
ant assessors. The law said nothing about
assistant assessors. The language of the stat-
ute, passed nearly three years ago, was this:
" The President is hereby authoriied to annex to
and unite with each other two or more adjoining
collection districts whenever in his opinion it will
reduce the expenses of collecting the internal reve-
nue without impairing the efficiency of the service,
and thereupon shall retain but one collector and one
assessor for each enlarged district."
That has nothing to do with the assistant
assessors; and when the Senator undertakes to
correct me as to a point of fact and says that
the fact that I stated in regard to collectors
and assessors was not so, and that there was a
law reducing tbe assistant assessors by fifteen
hundred, I tell him that there is no such statute
that I am aware of. If there is such a one,
let him produce it. He says it was in the
discretion of the department. Well, it has
always been in the discretion, I suppose, of the
assessor to employ as many assistants as he
pleases. Originally these were not officers
appointed by the Secretary of the Treasury.
They were designated, I think, originally by
the assessor himself, probably having the ,
approbation of the Department. Now, 1 think !
they do receive an appointment under more
recent laws, on the recommendation, I pre-
sume, of the assessor, though I do not know
what the practice may be in reference to that.
But the statute said nothing about assistant
assessors. The statement which I made, and
which I repeat, is that nearly three years ago
a law was passed authorizing the consolida-
tion of collection districts throughout the
United States, and that under that law but few
districts were consolidated. I understand the
Senator from Ohio to say the number has been
reduced to about two hundred and thirty. The
number originally was two hundred and forty
or fifty. That shows what tbe reduction has
been, from somewhere between two hundred
and forty and two hundred and fifty to two
hundred and thirty under a law passed nearly
three years ago. And I do not understand
that under the law passed last June any action
has been taken to reduce the districts. I am
not informed of any such action. I have made
no inquiry at the department, but it is not ;
stated here and I have not heard that any
action has been taken to reduce the districts
at all.
All I mean to say and all I have said is, that
under the law as it now stands the number of
officers provided for by law is less than the
number provided for by the bill under con-
sideration ; and if the assistant assessors, upon
which so much stress is laid, are necessary
officers now under existing law, you gain
nothing by abolishing their offices and putting
the duties upon assistant collectors; because
if there are official duties to be performed
and assistant collectors perform them, some-
body has to pay them, and it will not do to
say that they are paid by the principal col-
lector ont of a salary of $4,500, which I
understand to be his salary, though I sup-
posed that he received much more, and think
some of the collectors do, that the percent-
age amounts to more than $4,500. To say
that with a salary of $4,500 he can employ
the necessary assistant collectors to perform
thedutiesof all these assistant assessors, which
cost the Government, as I understand, a mil-
lion or two millions of money, (because it is
said i hat if this bill passes, and we get rid of
these assistant assessors, we are going to save
some two millions of money to tbe Govern-
ment,) is preposterous to me. How can the
collector with his $4,500 employ these neces-
sary officers? Now, the assistant assessors
are either necessary or not necessary. It' they
are not necessary, they could be dispensed with
under existing law. If they are necessary,
their duties are transferred to other officers.
Those other officers will eventually have to be
paid, though you make no provision for it now.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Mr. Presi-
dent, of course it will be understood that the
Senator from Illinois from first to last found
fault that nothing had been done under any
law that we had passed in relation to dimin-
ishing the number of officers, and yet he ad-
mits in his last remarks, or at least he does
not deny, that they were reduced under the first
law that was passed giving an option to the
department to consolidate districts by the
number of about fifteen hundred. Then he
complains in relation to the last law, passed
in June, that it was not executed before the
time had arrived at which it was left optional
with the department at its own discretion
whether to act or not. But when the depart-
ment have devised a plan that will reduce the
number of officers a thousand more than under
the law of June, I think the Senator from Illi-
nois ought not to come in here and find fault.
There is no question butwhat the Senatorwas
mistaken in his assertion that this law does not
reduce the number from the number that was
allowed by the law as passed in June. There
is no sort of question but what it reduces it by
at least a thousand. Then why should the
Senator assert the contrary ?
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I expect to vote
for this bill, because I should defer any judg-
ment of my own to that of the committee.
There is one criticism, however, that I will
suggest. I understand that the reason why
one collector in a State would not be sufficient
is because those who ought to pay the revenue,
pay for licenses and special taxes, will not
come to that collector voluntarily and pay.
It is necessary that they should be looked
after, and therefore I see the necessity of hav-
ing a number of collectors in a State. But, as
I understand the practical working of the law
hitherto, that business of looking after default-
ers, of seeing that all take out licenses who
ought to take them out, has been performed
by the assessors, and therefore it seems to me
that the bill would have been much more prac-
tically wise if it had imposed the duty of the
collector on the assessor, instead of imposing
the duty of the assessor on the collector. I
think the case is like this: a man is running
a large business establishment; he has got a
cashier, and he has got a superintendent, and
it is necessary for him to get rid of one of
these two officers for the sake of economy.
Now, should he make the cashier superin-
tendent and cashier, or should he make the
superintendent, who understands all the details
of the business, and has practical experience,
the receiver of the money and cashier? That
is the criticism which I would make on the
bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. I can only say in reply
to the honorable Senator from New Jersey
that, in legal effect, whether you make the
assessor or the collector the officer retained
is only a distinction of names, except that the
collector is a bonded officer. He is the only
officer who gives bond with sureties, and as a
general rule the duties that are now left to be
performed by the internal revenue office are
in the nature of receiving money, in the line
of the duties of a collector rather than of an
assessor. Under the old law as it stood, the
chief duties were those of the assessor, because
the assessor had to make assessments, or judge,
in the nature of a judicial officer, upon the
amount of a man's income, upon the quantity
of his manufactures, and all that great variety
of duties that were thrown upon the assessor.
All the duties that are now left are in the
nature of collecting money solely, collecting
by stamps. The collectors have given bonds,
and I suppose that is the reason why the col-
lectors have been taken rather than the asses-
sors. It is not very important whether you
take these offices from the assessors or col-
lectors. As a rule, the collectors are men who
have given bonds, and are generally very
responsible. No one was appointed a collector
unless he could furnish bonds of a hundred
thousand or two hundred thousand dollars;
and we have at least the security of a bond
and the security of character which a man
would necessarily have who would be appointed
collector—a character for solvency.
Mr. CASSERLY. Mr. President, I listened
very attentively to the explanation given by
the chairman of the Committee on Finance
with respect to what he regarded as the
peculiar merits of this bill. It is a bill which
by its title is one " for the reduction of officers
and expenses of the internal revenue." Now,
sir, whether such a bill as that should become
a law depends upon two things. One is
whether it is necessary to correct an existing
evil, and in that point of view it must be shown
to be better for the purpose of correcting the
evil than any law now in existence. I regret,
therefore, that the chairman of the Committee
on Finance, to whom we are accustomed to
look for instruction and information in regard
to bills on a subject so intricate as the subject
of the internal revenue, did not direct his at-
tention to those two questions which lie at the
threshold, which we must dispose of before we
can agree to adopt his bill.
The chairman of the Finance Committee,
naturally enough perhaps under existing cir-
cumstances, addressed himself so completely
to the members on the other side of the Cham-
ber that it was impossible for most of us on
this side, certainly impossible for me, to hear
more than a very few words that he uttered.
If I shall be going over some of the ground
already traversed by the chairman of the com-
mittee, he will pardon me in view of what I have
just stated. Ia k him first, whether he is able
to state whether or not anything was done by
the President or by the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to execute section forty-three of the act
of last session ?
Mr. SHERMAN. I did state that the
bureau to whom was referred the execution of
the law at once proceeded to make the neces-
sary preparation to get the necessary inform-
ation, by publication through their agents
throughout the country, and in every possible
way, but the Commissioner of Internal Reve-
nue, after gathering all this information,became
satisfied that he could propose a plan that was
better than the forty-third section of the act
of June last provided for; that it would save
more money, would promote the public service
more, and, as was his duty to do, he submitted
to us this plan in his annual report. The time
for the execution of the forty-third section of
that act has not yet expired, but, as a matter
of course, if this bill does not pass, it will be
the duty of the President, and he will execute
that duty I assure the Senator, to reduce the
number of districts to eighty, although in thc
opinion of the department it would be against
the public interests. If this bill should tail to
become a law the President would undoubtedly
reduce the number of districts to eighty, be-
cause he is bound to do it under the existing
law. But this is a plan submitted to us for
our judgment as to whether it is not better
under all the circumstances. That is the
important question to be acted upon.
Mr. CASSERLY. I understand the Sen-
ator from Ohio to say, and no doubt he speaks
