1112
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 5,
prop'riations for the salary of the interpreter
of the legation in Turkey in line sixty-two, to
•strike out the words " the passage of this act,"
.and insert the words "July 1, 1873;" so as to
read " on and after July 1, 1873, the consul
■general at Constantinople shall be also the
secretary of legation in Turkey."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line sixty-five,
.at the end of the same clause to insert the fol-
lowing proviso:
Provided, That he shall receive compensation only
as consul gen srr.1.
. The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment reported by the Com-
mittee on Appropriations Was in the appro-
priations for the consulates of schedule B, in
.line ninety-six to strike out "Pesth."
. The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I wish to inquire of the
gentleman in charge of this bill why Rome is
pnt in that schedule. It does not appear to
be in the bill of last year, unless it is in another
: place.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. It was in last
year.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If I am not out of order,
I wish the Senator from Maine would tell us
where Santerem is, which is named after
•"Stettin," among the consulates of schedule
C. I do not wish to put any difficult questions
•under the civil service rules, [laughter,] but
that'seems to be a new entry.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. What is the
line ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Line one hundred and
fourteen.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. That was in
"before.
• 'Mr. EDMUNDS. It is not in the act of
last year.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Well, to a dead
certainty, I do not know where it is. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am not asking for the
joke of the thing, but I see it is an addition
to the schedule of last year, and being some-
what ignorant of geography I should like to
know where Santerem is.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I think the Sen-
ator will find that it is not new. The only
consulate we found that was new, on careful
consideration, was on the fifth page, " Pesth."
That we struck out, and struck out because it
.was new.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I will send to the Chair
and ask to have road by the Secretary schedule
three, which corresponds with this one, as
contained in the act of 1872. I am not able,
in running it hastily over, to find Santerem.
The Chief Clerk read as follows from the act
Of May 22, 1872:
III. CONSULATES.
"Schedule C—Aux Gayes, liahia, Batavia, Bay of
Island?. Capo Uaytion, Candia, Cape Town, Cartha-
eenti, Ceylon, Cobija, Cyprus, Falkland Islands,
iayal.Uuiiyaciuil.Guayamas.Maranham.Matamoras,
Mexico, Montevideo, Onion, Payta, Para, Paso del
bar; aud thero tuny be appointed a consul ,u Wind-
sor, jNova Scotia, at an annual salary of $1,000."
Mr. EDMUNDS. The Senator will see
that this place, which I have no doubt is a
very important one, is put in this year; it is
not in last year's bill.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I can tell the
Senator now where it is; it is in Brazil; and
I can explain, also, how it happens to be in this
bill. It is in virtue of the act of June 8,
1872; which provides "that schedule C of
section three of the act entitled 'An act to
regulate the diplomatic and consular systems
of the United States,' approved August 18,
1886, be amended so as to add to the consuls
in Brazil a consul at Santerem."
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is satisfactory.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The read-
ing will proeeed.
The Chief Clerk continued the reading of
the bill.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Appropriations Was in line one hundred and
twenty-six, under the head of commercial
agencies, to strike out "Saint" before the word
"Domingo" and insert "Santo."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in the clause
making appropriations for the contingent ex-
penses of the United States and Spanish claims
commission, line one hundred and eighty-six,
to strikeout the words "namely, rent, fuel,
ice;" so as to make the clause read "for
contingent expenses, $3,788."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENSON. I should like to in-
quire of the chairman of the committee
whether the umpire of the Mexican commis-
sion. is not dead, and whether we are not now
without one? I think he is. Dr. Lieber was
the umpire, and I think he has been dead
some months.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The commission has been
dead, too, and the whole clause ought to be
stricken out.
Mr. STEVENSON. I do not suppose the
whole clause ought to be struck out, because
I understand these gentlemen have been here
ready to discharge the duties, and that they
have another treaty which perhaps will be
ratified.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Is not that
question still hung up?
Mr. EDMUNDS. It is not hung up any
more than in any case where a treaty has ab-
solutely expired. Of course, these gentlemen
ought not to be hung up. Last year we appro-
priated for this year, but it would be queer to
me now to provide for paying the salaries of
a commission that has expired.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The inform-
ation of the committee was that there was still
a contingency about the commission.
Mr. STEVENSON. The umpire has been
dead for some months, and if he has been dead
some months I do not see why we should
appropriate to pay his salary.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The understand-
ing of the committee was that there was a con-
tingency about this commission which still
made it proper to appropriate for next year;
but we had no definite information.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I merely state the fact
which is known to everybody, which is not
known merely if there is any place where there
are secrets, and I do not know of any such—
known by the public treaty and the convention
afterward concluded to extend the time—that
the Mexican commission has expired by its
own limitation, and therefore there is no such
thing in legal existence either in esse or in
posse any more than there is a Prussian com-
mission or a commission wiih any other for-
eign country that may be established by some
treaty to be made hereafter.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. But is it not in
such position as that it is probable it will be
revived?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Quite the reverse.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The Commit-
tee on Foreign Relations ought to be advised.
Mr. HAMLIN rose.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Senators will pardon me
until I have finished, unless it is absolutely
necessary that they should speak now.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Go on. This
is a public question.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. A motion
to strike out this clause would come in prop-
erly after the reading of the bill has been con-
cluded and the amendments of the committee
acted upon.
^ Mr. EDMUNDS. Do I understand the
Chair to say that discussion on this clause is
not in order at this time?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is cus-
tomary to read the bill and dispose of the
amendments reported by the committee before
other amendments are entertained. Still it is
not strictly out of order.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I will let the Secretary
go on with the reading of the bill.
Mr. HAMLIN. I wjll now take this occa-
sion to say that I believe this matter, as the
Journal will show, was referred to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations, and while the
precise action of the committee is not a matter
of discussion here I believe they have reported
back to the Senate a recommendation that no
action be had, and that inasmuch as the com-
mission is dead we should take no measures to
revive it. That I think was the opinion of the
committee. Under that view the clause ought
to be stricken out clearly.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Letus go through
with the bill, and the clause may go out after-
ward if anybody makes a motion to that effect.
Mr. EDMUNDS. When we get where we
properly can without intruding I will do it.
The Chief Clerk continued and concluded
the reading of the bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Now I move to strike
out from line one hundred aud eighty-eight to
line one hundred aud ninety-four, inclusive, so
as to cut out the appropriation for the Mexican
commission, which is dead and gone; and
peace to its ashes.
Mr. STEVENSON. I have seen in the
public papers a statement that a treaty has
been consummated continuing this commis-
sion, and the Committee on Appropriations
supposed that this appropriation would be
necessary. Now, unless the commission is
continued the money cannot be used.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That does not necessarily
follow. We have a commissioner whose office
is created, I suppose, by a commission and by a
salary. That is what makes an office cbiefly ;
and how long, if we continue to appropriate
for this commission, with no functions and no
powers, it will go on to receive its salary, I
am unable to say. But the Senator is mis-
taken, judging from the public prints, as to the
present condition of affairs between ourselves
and Mexico. Instead of there having been a
treaty negotiated, the Mexican Congress, on
having been talked to aud preliminaries entered
into to extend the commission, adjourned,
either refusing to act or without taking any
action upon it at all. So that the whole thing
is absolutely dead and gone.
Mr. STEVENSON. I derived my inform-
ation, first, from our minister at Mexico. He
told me that the treaty would be submitted to
the Mexican Congress. It did not reach there
until the Mexican Congress had adjourned.
The Mexican Congress will reassemble, as I
understand, on the 1st of April, when that
treaty will be submitted. If it should be sub-
mitted and ratified, on which I express no
opinion, then we should have no appropri-
ation to meet the expenses of that treaty, if it
be ratified, unless this clause be retained.
Mr. EDMUNDS. May I ask my friend
from Kentucky how that commission could
proceed upon the ratification of Mexico until
the Senate of the United States should have
ratified upon our side?
Mr. STEVENSON. I presume that the
Senate will act. I do not know whether they
have acted or will act. I am only explaining to
the Senator why this appropriation was put in.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am not finding fault
with the committee ; I am only undertaking to
convince the Senate that we ought not to make
an appropriation for an object that neither a
law nor a treaty now provides for, and that is
entirely in the future as it respects the action
of both Governments, whether we shall ever
have a further treaty about it or not. We can-
not by possibility have occasion to expend this
money until after next winter, because neither
Government has taken any atep which binds it
to ratify the treaty upon either side. Therefore
if the Mexican Government should agree to a
treaty which may be negotiated, and if this
