1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1X13
Government should agree to a treaty which
may be negotiated, this Government cannot
agree until we meet in December ; and then if
we find out that we make a treaty, there will
be time enough to provide the money for carry-
ing it out.
Mr. STEVENSON. I have no objection to
the motion of the Senator from Vermont to
strike out the clause. This matter was dis-
cussed in the committee. But still I suggest
to the honorable Senator suppose the Senate
at its present session were to ratify the treaty,
which is not an impossible thing, and suppose
after being ratified by the Senate, which has
still to sit twenty five days, it were transmitted
to the Mexican Congress, which meets on the
1st of April, then we should have a treaty
agreed upon and ratified both by the United
States and Mexico without any appropriation
to pay the commissioners.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The answer to that is
that we have not got any such treaty and we
might just as well provide §100,000 to carry
out a treaty which may be made with Prussia,
or Great Britain, about something. My point
is one of principle, that we ought not to ap-
propriate money from the Treasury leaving it
at the call of any officer or any department of
any party until there is something which the
payment of that money can be applied to. That
is my point; and inasmuch as there is no
treaty in existence, and inasmuch as we can-
not know that there ever will be one, I say
that we ought not to appropriate the money.
Mr. STEVENSON. I agree with the Sen-
ator.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment to strike out the
clause.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SCHURZ. I have been asked by the
Secretary of State to offer two amendments to
this bill, and I think the best place to put them
will be on page 6, after line one hundred and
sixteen. The Secretary of State tells me that
he is sometimes under the necessity of appoint-
ing consular agents, not citizens of the United
States, to whom he can under the law as it
now stands pay no salary, which sometimes
subjects him to very serious inconvenience,
and he desires to have the amendment intro-
duced which I have sent to the Chair.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment, which
■was after line one hundred and sixteen to
insert the following item :
For payment of salaries of consular officers not
citizens of the United States, $10,001): Provided,
That the Secretary of State shall each year report
to Congress the names of consular officers not citi-
zens of the United States to whom salaries have
been paid, and also the circumstances under which
they were appointed.
Mr. COLE. I did not hear the amendment
read, nor the Senator's statement.
Mr. SCHURZ. I stated that the Secretary
of State requested me to introduce the amend-
ment for the reason that sometimes the De-
partment cannot find citizens of the United
States for certain subordinate consular ap-
pointments, as vice consul and subordinate
consular agents; that they are then under tne
necessity of appointing persons not citizens of
the United States, and cannot pay them sal-
aries under the law as it now stands.
Mr. COLE. They ought not to appoint any
who are not citizens of the United States.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SCIIURZ. There is another amend-
ment which I desire to introduce at the request
of the Secretary of State, which will follow the
one just adopted. The Secretary of State in-
forms me that the allowance given for office
rent now, ten pur cent, on the salaVy, is not
sufficient; that consular officers are^ some-
times subjected to very serious hardship, and
he wants the allowance increased. The amend-
ment is to insert ''consuls shall be allowed a
sum not to exceed twenty per cent, of their
salaries for office rent."
Mr. MOl-tlilLL, of Maine. That would be
a pretty large increase, it occurs to me. I do
not know about that.
Mr. SCHURZ. I had some conversation
with the Secretary of State about it here to-
day, and he requested me to offer it. He said
that no less sum would be sufficient; that the
consuls were sometimes subjected to very
serious inconvenience.
Mr. CONKLING. I should like to call
attention to the form of the amendment. I do
not know but that it provides everything that
is intended, but I think it is that there shall be
allowed a sum not to exceed twenty per cent.
I suggest to the Senator that, although the
implication is so, no doubt, it might be well to
express it that this allowance should be made
by the Secretary of State, or by somebody.
Otherwise, this language might leave it very
wide open. I ask the Secretary to read the
amendment again.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment.
Mr. CONKLING. Is it intended that all
consuls absolutely shall be allowed a sum
which may go to twenty per cent., or does it
mean that such consuls as need the allowance
shall receive it?
Mr. SCHURZ. If it will satisfy the Sen-
ator from New York he may put on "to be
determined by the Secretary of State."
Mr. CONKLING. It is only in aid of
the Senator's amendment that I make the
suggestion.
Mr. SCHURZ. I will putin "at the dis-
cretion of the Secretary of State."
Mr. COLE. I submit that this has not been
considered by any committee of this body. It
seems to have the verbal recommendation of
the Secretary of State, but this matter ought
to undergo the scrutiny of a committee in the
regular way. If this is incorporated in the
bill it will result in adding to the sum appro-
priated in the bill for this particular service.
I do not know but that it ought to be done;
but I am rather of the opinion that it should
be considered by a committee.
Mr. STEVENSON. Is this amendment in
order, not coming from any committee ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
thinks it is. It does not appropriate any
money ; it merely enacts a law.
Mr. DAVIS. Do I understand_ that this
amendment will add to the salaries of the
consuls twenty per cent.?
Mr. SCHURZ. It will not add anything to
the salaries.
Mr. DAVIS. They are to get it if I under-
stand.
Mr. CONKLING. No, if the Senator will
pardon me ; it is first, an allowance for office
rent; and second, it is an allowance to be
made upon the discretion of the Secretary of
State. It does not touch salaries, but very
likely it may be opeu to the objection the
Senator has in his mind.
Mr. COLE. Now I think it does add to the
salaries just twenty per cent. Of course at
present out of their salaries they pay for their
office rent.
Mr. SCHURZ. No. At present they are
allowed ten per cent, of their salaries, and
the Secretary of State says that ten per cent,
is not sufficient. They are subjected to great
inconvenience because it is insufficient.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Missouri.
Mr. DAVIS. I do not understand yet but
that it will lead to the addition of twenty per
cent, to the salary, for it is most probable that
the allowance will be made if it is charged,
whether they have an office to pay rent for or
not. . ,
Mr. SCHURZ. Let me state again how the
thing is now. At the present moment consuls
are allowed ten per cent, of their salaries for
office rent in their accounts. The Secretary
of State says that ten per cent, in most cases,
at least in a large number of cases, is not
sufficient.
Mr. EDMUNDS. May I ask the Senator
whether the Secretary informed him how many
consuls bad resigned on account of their in-
ability to meet this expense?
Mr. SCHURZ. No, sir; he did not. He
simply said it was not sufficient as he knew in
a great many cases, and he therefore desired
the introduction of an amendment such as I
have submitted.
Mr. DAVIS. Then instead of twenty per
cent., it is an addition of ten per cent, gen-
erally, or it will lead to that.
Mr. CONKLING. If my friend will pardon
me, it is a latitude committed to'the discretion
of the Secretary of State to allow an addi-
tional ten per cent, where he deems it neces-
sary, or a sum not exceeding that, for office
rent.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. But it does not,
as the Senator from West Virginia supposes,
come out of the salary, nor add to it at all.
Mr. CONKLING. It is independent of the
salary. The salary is merely adopted as a
convenient gauge to measure it. The per-
centage is to be computed upon the salary,
but it has nothing to do with the salary..
Mr. DAVIS. Do I understand it is quali-
fied by the amendment of the Senator from
New York, that it isjto be at the discretion of
the Secretary of State?
Mr. CONKLING. Yes, sir; the Senator
from Missouri accepted that modification.
Mr. DAVIS. I should like to have the
latter part of the amendment reported.
The PRESIDING OFFICES. The amend-
ment will be reported as modified.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Consuls may be allowed, in the discretion of the
Secretary of State, a sum not to exceed twenty per
cent, of their salaries, for office rent.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. If this amend-
ment was to apply only to some half a dozen
of our most considerable consulates, I should
be decidedly in favor of it. I know that at
such places as London and Liverpool our
consuls are compelled to take apartments
"that are very inferior, and up several flights
of stairs; but it seems to me that it applies
to a great number, some two or three hun-
dred, where there is no necessity whatever
for any increase, and if the law authorizes an
increase to this amount, you may be perfectly
sure that every dollar of it will be asked for.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am very sorry indeed
to trouble the Senate any more to day or to-
morrow, but this amendment of the Senator
from Missouri applies to all consuls, in the first
place. The act of 1856 did not apply to all
consuls in the allowance of ten per cent. It
only applied to consuls who were not allowed
to trade. This amendment applies to all con-
suls, so that a man who may have a consulate
aud be allowed to engage in business can have
an allowance of what will now amount to
twenty per cent, of his compensation, with
which he can carry on bis consulate and keep
his store and sell his goods or keep his board-
ing honse for sailors, or whatever it may be.
I submit to my friend from Missouri that that
is not quite the thing to do.
Mr. SCHURZ. You may amend it so as
to prevent that.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I know we may amend
everything; but the question is whether the
thing is right as it is proposed, and if some-
thing else is proposed, of course we shall be
called upon to determine if that is right.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Is the Senator
quite right in his statement that it does apply
to all? It is limited by the fact that the in-
crease is to apply to the salaries, and there-
fore it will only apply to salaried consuls.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let us hearitread agaiu.
The Chief Clerk again read the amendment.
Mr. CONKLING. That does not include
feed consuls.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. No.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Must not the
twenty per cent be paid out of the fees .
