1114
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 5,
■ Mr. CONKEING. No, sir; paid out of
the Treasury.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It must be paid out of
\ the Treasury. I am very glad to see the re-
finement of my friend from Maine, who sticks
to the word "salary," as we all do. He
thinks we can get the Treasury out on the
word "salary." That will not do. "Salary"
is a generic term. It covers all manner of
compensation that a man receives for doing
tile duties of an office ; at least, it can be con-
strued to do so. The Senator and I might
not, perhaps, so construe it, perhaps we might.
So that with a law before us which makes a
limitation under the act of 1856 to a particu-
lar class of consuls defined in a certain way, to
make a new law having no reference to the
act of 1866, describing it in a different way,
would fairly lead the Department into the
error possibly of making this allowance to
everybody. The act of 1856 provided :
That the President be, and is hereby, authorized
to provide, at tbe public expense, all such station-
ery, blanks, record, and other books, seals, presses,
flags, and signs, as he shall think necessary for the
several legations, consulates, and commercial agen-
cies in the transaction of their business, and
whenever he shall think there is sufficient reason
therefor; te allow consuls general, consuls, and
commercial agents, who are not allowed to trade,
actual expenses of office rent, not to exceed in any
ease ton per cent, of the amount of the annual com-
pensation allowed to such officer, and to prescribe
suoh regulations, &o.
Now, we have increased since 1856 the pay
of the consulates quite in proportion to what-
ever else we have increased, so that ten per
cent, now is not the ten per cent, actually
of 1856, but it has gone up of course in pre-
cisely the same ratio that compensations and
salaries have. In that state of the case, it
appears to me, with the vast consular system
that we have, and with the vast demand there
is everywhere for offices of that character, and
the large sums which, according to public
report, a very large number of consuls, and
chiefly those who are in the places to which my
colleague alludes, make out of those consu-
lates in some way or other, through agencies of-
one kind and another, lawfully and unlawfully,
we ought to hesitate a good while before we
take this new step.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I think this
amendment ought to prevail. The expenses
of office rent have increased very greatly
abroad, and this amendment, leaves this pro-
posed increase to the discretion of the Secre-
tary of State, i do not think the statement
is correct that we have increased the salaries
of our consuls. On the contrary, we have very
much diminished them in places where this
amendment would apply. Bofore they had
a compensation gauged by the fees. Now,
we have made the salaries uniform in those
places by making them all to be paid $2,500
out of the lees. The way I would suggest to
modify tbe amendment which has been offered
would be this: that the consuls, at the dis-
cretion of the Secretary of State, be paid out
, of the fees which are in excess of the amount
\ of the salaries, if there be any such excess.
— Mr. EDMUNDS. That will not do.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. That will do.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. That does not
help the matter.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The hardest cases will not
get anything under that.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. It would meet
the very exigeucy that the Senator supposes.
Where they need these offices is where there
is a great deal of business, and there there
would be a large amount of fees.
Mr. EDMUNDS. There is where the con-
suls get rich now.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. They do not
get rich, because their salaries are limited to
$2,500.
\Alr. EDMUNDS. But my friend does not
understand the ways and means of getting on
in this world m administration. He will find
that the actual gains and incomes of the con-
suls at the large places are a great many
times—I ought not to say a great many times,
because that would be extravagant, but are
largely in excess of the salary* that is fixed by
law ; "and how is that got around ? The consul
appoints a consular agent here in tbe suburb
of the town, there in another manufacturing
town or in another place within his district.
Then the law fixes how much the consular
agent shall have, and that he shall have the
fees in addition. He gets a thousand dollars
and fees. Then the consul appoints his own
men, just as a sheriff or a marshal appoints
his deputies, hires them, plants them around,
and gather^ in the product. That is the way
it is done/'
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. That is enter-
ing into a large field. Whether the Senator
is correct or not, I do not know. I do not
think it touches this question. I had a talk
with the Secretary of State on this subject,
and I know this amendment meets with his
approval, and he considers it an important
one. If we restrict it so that this twenty per
cent, shall be paid out of the_ excess of fees
after the salary of $2,500 is paid, it cannot do
any injury.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. If the Senator
will allow me, that is so now, and that pro-
vision would not operate. The proposition as
it now stands is in effect what his proposition
is, because all these consuls are obliged to
settle with the Secretary of the Treasury and
to account for all the fees, and they charge
the ten per cent, against the fees now.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Thisis making
it twenty per cent.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Yes, sir; and
the amendment already does make it twenty
per cent.
Mr. CONKLING. Still if the surplus was
not sufficient to pay this twenty per cent. 
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Then it would
come out of the general consular fund.
_ Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. The modifica-
tion that I suggest would relieve it from the
objection that it was taking money out of the
Treasury.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. It does not take
money out of the Treasury, because the con-
sular service pays into the Treasury some three
or four hundred thousand dollars over and
above all expenses.
Mr. CHANDLER. I desire to offer an
amendment from the Committee on Commerce,
and then I shall move an adjournment.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I hope the Sen-
ator will withhold the amendment for the
present.
Mr. CHANDLER. It will lead to debate.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I object to the
offering of the amendment now for the purpose
of moving an adjournment.
Mr. HAMLIN. There is an amendment
pending.
Mr. MORRILL, of M.aine. Certainly there
is; I hope the Senator will withhold his
amendment.
Mr. CHANDLER. I wish simply to serve
notice of my amendment on the chairman of
the Committee on Appropriations. That is
my only reason for offering it now.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor from Michigan desires to submit an amend-
ment to be referred to the Committee on Ap-
propriations.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. We propose to
close this bill in five minutes.
Mr. CHANDLER. I propose to move
this amendment to-morrow, and I suppose
there will be no objection to my offering it
now.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I do object.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will receive the amendment if there he no
.objection, and it will be referred to the Com-
mittee on Appropriations.
Mr. CHANDLEK. The amendment will
evidently lead to debate. It is now after five
o'clock, and I think we had better adjourn. I
therefore move an adjournment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Michigan moves that the Senate do
now adjourn. '
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I hope not. VV e
can finish this bill in five minutes.
The question being put, there were on a
division—ayes 14, noes 18; no quorum voting.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I move that the
Senate adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and (at five
o'clock and five minutes p. m.) the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, February 5, 1873.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler, D. D.
The Clerk proceeded to read the Journal of
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I ask unani-
mous consent that the further reading of the
Journal be dispensed with.
No objection was made; and the further
reading of the Journal was dispensed with.
TAXES ON TOBACCO AND LIQOORS.
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky, from the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, reported a bill
(H. R. No. 8825) to so amend an act to re-
duce duties on imports and to reduce internal
taxes, and for other purposes, approved June
6, 1872, as to allow producers of tobacco to
sell a limited quantity of tobacco produced
by them at retail directly to consumers, and
for other purposes ; which was read a first and
second time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill was read. The first section provides
that section thirty-one of an act to reduce
duties on imports and to reduce internal taxes,
and for other purposes, approved June 6, 1872,
be amended as follows:
That nothing in said section of said act approved
June 6,1872, shall be construed to prevent a farmer
or planter from selling at the place of production
tobacco of his own growth and raising at retail di-
rectly to consumers, to an amount not exceeding
$100 annually.
The second section provides that section
eighteen of the act mentioned in the first sec-
tion be amended by striking out the proviso to
said section, and inserting in lieu thereof:
In estimating and accomplishing the internal
revenue tax on all beer, lager beer, ale, porter, and
other fermented liquars by whatever name such
lienors may be called, the fractional parts of a bar-
rel shall be a, half, a third, a quarter, a sixth, and an
eighth, and any fractional part of a barrel contain-
ing less than one eighthshall be counted one eighth;
more than one sixth and less than one eighth shall
be counted one sixth; more than one sixth and less
than one fourth shall be counted one fourth; more
than one fourth and not more than one third shall
be counted one third; more than one third and not
less than one half shall be counted one half: more
than one half and not more than one barrel shall be
counted one barrel, and more than one barrel and
not more than sixty-three gallons shall be counted
two barrels and one hogshead.
The third section provides that no person
who sells wine of his own manufacture only
at the place of production, made wholly from
grapes grown in the United States, shall he
liable to the special tax imposed upon whole-
sale and retail liquor dealers.
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. I can explain
this bill in a very few words. The first section
of the bill restores that provision in the law
of June 6, 1872, precisely as it passed the
House at that time, allowing the producer of
tobacco to sell at the place of production to
an amount of $100. Great complaint has
been made that raisers of tobacco are unable
to dispose of their small productions, and this
amendment will relieve small producers, to
some extent at least, from what is now a serious
grievance.
Mr. MAYNARD. We passed a bill in this
shape in the House.
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. I have just so
