1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1115
stated. This is simply restoring, precisely as
we passed it, a provision passed by the House
at its last session.
The second section of this bill changes sec-
tion eighteen of the internal revenue bill by
increasing the fractional parts of barrels. As
it now stands there are only halves, quarters,
sixths, and eighths. In California and else-
where they have a practice of making_ thirds
as well, because they have to carry it in that
form, and we have extended it so as to allow
it to be put on sale in neighborhoods where
made.
The third section provides merely that a man
who produces wine made from American grapes
may sell it himself; that is, that the wine-
makers may sell at the price of production
wine of their own production without paying
the tax imposed on wholesale dealers.
Mr. SARGENT. This question arises:
there is a kind of champagne made in Cali-
fornia by the use of carbolic acid gas.
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. That question is
before the committee in another form and is
not touched by this bill. The second section
provides for a division in beer kegs which is
confined to the State of California.
Mr. SARGENT. That is all right.
Mr. DAWES. There is nothing affecting
the revenue in this bill, it only affects the col-
lection of it.
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. I move the pre-
vious question on the bill.
Mr. LEACH. I ask the distinguished gen-
tleman on the Committee of Ways and Means
[Mr. Beck] to withdraw the call for the pre-
vious question a moment.
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. Certainly; I will
do so.
Mr. LEACH. I was prominently identified
at the last session with the move to reduce
the tax on tobacco, and make it uniform. I
heartily indorsed the amendments reported,
believing that nine tenths of my constituents,
and indeed of all tobacco producers, would
rejoice to hear of the passage of the bill as
amended ; and I have been working hard for
these amendments since the beginning of the
session.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
order of business.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I call for the
regular order of business.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of
business being called for, the morning hour
begins at twelve o'clock and twenty-eight
minutes p. m., and reports are in order from
the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
Mr. CHIPMAN. Mr. Speaker, availing
myself of the courtesy of the chairman of the
Committee on Pensions, I ask leave to print
some remarks in reply to the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Roosevelt] who recently
made a most remarkable assault upon the
government of the District of Columbia, and
especially the Board of Public Works. In a
word, I desire to assure the House that every
substantial averment of the gentleman is with-
out foundation in fact, and that _ the reply
which I am prepared to make will utterly,
overwhelmingly, and unansweringly refute
every charge he has made. I know the House
feels under some obligation to hear me in reply
by oral argument, but recognizing the pressure
of legislation, I will yield my wish to answer
the gentleman in open House,_ asking on'y
that gentlemen who have been inclined to be
prejudiced against the Board of Public Works
by what the gentleman from New York has
said will do the board the justice to read the
reply.
Mr. W. R. ROBERTS. I hope there will
be no objection.
No objection was made ; and leave was
granted accordingly. [See Appendix.]
MRS. It. C. WOOD.
Mr. MOORE. Before yielding to my col-
league on the Committee on Invalid Pensions,
the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Wake-
man,] to make reports from that committee,
I desire briefly to call the attention of the
House to a bill that was passed yesterday,
granting a pension to Mrs. Wood, the widow
of an assistant surgeon of the regular Army.
I do not know that I would have interposed
any objection to the bill, had it been intro-
duced while I was in the House.
But there are three features connected with
that bill which I wish this House to under-
stand. First, the officer was a retired officer,
and therefore under the pension laws his
widow was not entitled to a pension. Second,
the lady was the widow of an assistant surgeon
in the regular Army, the highest pension to
the widow of such an officer, if I am not mis-
taken, being only seventeen dollars per month,
whereas the House agreed to give her fifty
dollars per month. Third, this House and the
other branch of Congress have settled down
upon a policy which has been initiated, and
which is now understood everywhere through-
out the country; and that is, that when Con-
gress does give relief it will'be only from and
after the passage of the act.
Now, I do not question but that the circum-
stances of this case are of such a peculiar
character as to justify the passage of the bill
that was passed on yesterday. But I want to
say that there are no less than a thousand
cases pending before this Congress of poor,
helpless widows, who though they cannot hope
to have so conspicuous a place in the history
of their country, yet did what was done by the
widow who cast her mite into the treasury—
gave their all, their only sons for the life of
the Republic. They have applied for pen-
sions, but by reason of some technicalties
they have been compelled to come here. But
in no case, however meritorious or however
strong the case might be, will we give relief
except from the passage of the act. So far as
the Committee on Invalid Pensions is con-
cerned, it desires to do equal and exact jus-
tice to all claimants, and so far as the chair-
man of that committee is concerned, he is not
desirous to do for any one of implied high rank
what he would not do as a matter of justice to
the poorest applicant before this House for
relief.
Mr. BLAINE, (the Speaker, Mr. Dawes in
the chair.) I am sure my usually generous
friend from Illinois would not desire anything
he should say here to be taken as a sober
second thought, grudging what the House did
yesterday with such hearty cordiality. He
knows very well that in the cases of the wid-
ows of general officers in many instances fifty
dollars a month has been given as a pension.
This lady is the widow of an assistant sur-
geon general; but under the law, her husband
having been on the retired list, she could get
no pension at all. It was not simply that she
was the widow of a highly meritorious officer
that her case recommended itself, but she was
presented as the daughter of a man who illus-
trated the military annals of this country as
brilliantly as any one whose name is borne
upon our heroic Army-rolls. And this fact
the House must not forget, that this is the
only instance in which the blood or lineage or
relationship of General Taylor has anywhere
been recognized by any public benefit in any
shape, form, or manner whatever.
Mr. MOORE. My criticism on this measure
is not so much that I desire to complain of
anything that was done yesterday, or that I
begrudge anything that the House gave to a
daughter of General Taylor. But at the same
time it is an exhibition before this country that
I do not like, and I am not disposed to let it
pass without some animadversion upon it. As
to this officer being a general officer, he was
an assistant surgeon, with the rank of first
lieutenant.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I desire to ask the
gentleman if this assistant surgeon died of
disease contracted or wouuds received while
in actual service ?
Mr. MOORE. Not at all; he died at home,
an old man.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Does the gentleman
know of pensions granted under such circum-
stances.
Mr. MOORE. Very rarely. There have
been three cases in which pensions have been
granted to take effect prior to the passage of
the act.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I report from the com-
mittee on Invalid Pensions a bill 
Mr. RANDALL. Before the gentleman
leaves this subject I wish to ask him whether
he was not in the House yesterday when the
bill which he has been discussing was passed ?
Mr. MOORE. I was not.
Mr. RANDALL. Neither was I, for I was
engaged out of the Hall upon a conference
committee; but I want to say that if I had been
here I should have joined in accelerating the
passage of that bill, for in my judgment there
never was a more proper and righteous act
done by the Legislature of a nation.
Mr. MOORE. I do not say that the bill was
improper ; but I say it was improper to make
a discrimination so wide and so glaring.
MRS. MARIA D. C. BACHE.
Mr. MOORE, from the Committee on In-
valid Pensions, reported a bill (H. R. No.
3826) granting a pension to Mrs. Maria D. C.
Bache; which was read a first and second
time.
The bill was read. It directs the Secretary
of the Interior to place on the pension-roll,
subject to the limitations and provisions of the
pension laws, the name of Mfaria D. C. Bache,
widow of Colonel Hartman Bache, late of the
United States Army, at the rate of thirty dol-
lars per month from and after the passage of
thie act.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. MOORE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
zenas bradley.
Mr. WAKEMAN, from the Committee on
Invalid Pensions, reported back with an amend-
ment a bill (H. R. No. 2138) granting a pen-
sion to Zenas Bradley, of Allen, Alleghany
county, New York.
The bill was read. It authorizes and directs
the Secretary of the Interior to enter on the
pension roll the name of Zenas Bradley, of
Allen, Alleghany county, New York, to draw
a pension from May 4, 1865, subject to the
provisions and limtations of the pension laws.
The amendment reported by the committee
was to strike out the words " to draw a pen-
sion from May 4, 1865."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill as amended was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. WAKEMAN moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider .be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to. V
ann hensle5t.
Mr. WAKEMAN also, from the same com-
mittee, reported a bill (H. R. No. 3827) grant-
ing a pension to Ann Hensley; which was
read a first and second time.
