1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
151
mitted to us by the Commissioner will not only
reduce the expenses more, but reduce the num-
ber of officers very greatly, and in my judg-
ment, will simplify unify, and consolidate the
system of internal revenue. Because we rec-
ommended six months ago a plan to reduce
the districts to eighty, ana now find a better
plan submitted to us by the Commissioner of
Internal Revenue, surely we ought not to be
such foolish men as to reject a wiser plan
merely because it may be inconsistent with
and repeal the plan we ourselves formerly pro-
posed. That is all the observation I desire to
' make on that point.
I am very sorry at another remark made by
the Senator from California. What is the use
of arraigning the President about this matter?
What is the use of making this a semi-political
topic? What is the use of seeking to raise the
idea that the President in some way or other
put off this duty until after the election, thrust-
ing politics into a question of this kind, ar-
raigning the President and Secretary of the
Treasury, having the law read to us to show
that the Secretary of the Treasury was bound
to do this by the 1st of January, and therefore
that he ought to have done it by the 1st of No-
vember, and insinuating that the Secretary
for some reason had not discharged all the
assistant assessors that he ought to have dis-
charged, thus mixing it up in some way with
politics ? Mr. President, there is nothing of
ihe kind in this bill, I assure the Senator from
California. The President of the United
States, I suppose, with the discharge of these
minor duties in one of the bureaus of the
Government has very little to do; but when
called upon to exercise this special power,
there is 110 doubt the President would on the
1st of January next perform the duty enjoined
on him by the law ; and he would do it mainly
upon the advice and recommendation and in-
formation furnished him by his subordinates,
mainly upon a plan adopted by the Secretary
of the Treasury and Commissioner of Internal
Revenue. I see therefore no occasion on a
bill of this kind, which, as I said, is a sincere
effort emanating from the Department itself to
lessen the expenses of collecting the internal
revenue, for the slightest allusion either to the
President or Secretary of the Treasury, or for
seeking to hold out the idea in some way or
other that there were reasons connected with the
election why this was not done. I do not de-
sire to reply to any such thing. I only say
that when the proposition contained in sec-
tion forty-three was submitted to the Senate I
advocated it, supported it, and voted for it;
and now, although this bill repeals it, I shall
with equal sincerity advocate and support the
bill.
Mr. CASSERLY. The Senator from Ohio
seems disposed to arraign me because I referred
to the President and to the Secretary of the
Treasury in the course of my remarks. Why
• did I refer to them ? Because the Congress
of the United States refers to them. The Con-
gress of the United States specifies the Pres-
ident as the officer whom it commands to do
certain things by the first clause of section
forty-three. I refer to the Secretary of the
Treasury because the Congress of the United
States refers to him as the officer whom it
commands to do certain other things in the
last clause of the same section, leaving him a
discretion. And the Senator from Ohio rises
in his seat and lectures me for dragging poli-
tics into this discussion! Why, sir, the law
is as much amenable as I am to that accusa-
tion. If any politics have been brought into
this discussion, it is because I mention the
names of two high officers, following the very
language of the statute.
So far as I spoke of the President and his
course under this section, which I confess my-
self unable to understand, I spoke guardedly
and with the highest respect for him in his
great office. I undertook even to furnish de-
fenses for him. I undertook to say that, in
my judgment, if he understood the general
subject involved in section forty-three, so that
he would be more prompt to act upon his own
judgment, he would have done something in
the direction of the reform which that section
commanded him to carry out. What was there
of politics in that? Why, sir, if I were to say
that for two or three years, yes, for the whole
of General Grant's administration, there has
been no material reduction made in the inter-
nal revenue districts of this country, I should
be saying no more than the fact. The entire
reduction, if I remember rightly, in the inter-
nal revenue districts of this country, made
under the present Administration down to this
hour that I am speaking, does not exceed
twenty-five; and can we not say that an Ad-
ministration has failed in its duty in making
reforms commanded by an act of Congress
without being accused of dragging politics into
the debate? If I had said that these men
were kept on foot to use them in the election
which has just passed, then, sir, I might be
charged with dragging politics into this dis-
cussion. I did not choose to do that. I have
been more abstemious in that point of view
than gentlemen of the Administration party
are apt to be in their discussions; for (not re-
ferring now to any Senator in particular) there
are a good many of them with whom it seems
to be a moral impossibility to discuss any
question, from the colors of the rainbow down
to the appointment of a page, without getting
party politics, and the Democratic party espe-
cially, into the debate in some shape or other.
I do not mean, sir, in the discharge of my
duty here to be deterred by accusations of
dragging politics into a discussion. In the
true sense, all these discussions are political.
Government is the scienee of politics reduced
to practical effect. What the Senator doubt-
less meant to say was that party politics were
brought in here. That is a charge which can-
not be made with justice against the minority
or against me as one of its members. We
have been more careful than perhaps any
minority in the history of this Senate for a
great series of years, to abstain from giving a
party caste to our debates. We know how
dangerous it is to permit Senators on the other
side, with or without color of justice, to raise
the party cry in this Chamber; and when we
desire to accomplish reforms, or aid other Sen-
ators in accomplishing them, the experience
of the past admonishes us to abstain from
anything which cau be construed into political
appeals.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, I am un-
willing to allow this bill to pass without
expressing my regret that it does not go fur-
ther. I wish it did more to simplify our sys-
tem of internal taxation. There has been a
complaint from the beginning, and justly, that
our system wanted simplicity. I conceive that
the taxes have been too numerous, too various
in character, and assessed in different ways.
I wish the whole system had been better con-
sidered at the beginning, more matured, and,
as I have said in one word, more simple; and
I regret now that Congress is applying itself
to reform in this direction that it does not at
once simplify the whole system. I would sim-
plify by reducing the taxes to a very few and
having those collected by stamps. It was in
pursuance of this idea that a year ago I intro-
duced a bill of which I will read the first sec-
tion. The bill was entitled "A bill to reduce
internal taxes, and to abolish the office of Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue." The first
section is as follows:
"That all internal taxes and duties, except from
the sale and use of stamps, shall be abolished on
and after the 1st day of July next; and the stamp
duty on spirits shall be increased to eighty cents a
gallon on and after that day: Provided, That no
income tax shall be assessed on or after the 1st day
of January, 1872, but assessments made before such
date shall be collected."
Now, sir, if this were adopted the way would
be easy. You might then reduce the number
of officers and the whole country would be able
at once to comprehend its system of taxation.
I fear that the bill now pending will leave the
people as much in the dark hereafter as they
are now. I do not find in it any simplicity of
statement. I understand that it leaves all
taxes to be collected by stamps; indeed, I
cannot interpret the following words in any
other way:
That all special taxes imposed by law, including
the tax on stills or worms, shall be paid by stamps
denoting the tax.
Now, I ask, if all our taxes hereafter are to
be by stamps, why the necessity of so many
collectors? That was the question which I
propounded at the beginning of this debate,
and listening to all that has been said, I am
bound to say that I do not think the question
has been answered. I return to it: why the
existing number of collectors if all our taxes
are to be by stamps? One collector, with
deputies, or with assistants, or with agents,
I might in each State provide the proper number
of stamps, and he might also provide a police
! of observation through which he should ascer-
tain whether the stills and other places where
liquors were made were properly watched.
I regret, sir, I confess, that our Committee
on Finance has not been willing to meet this
t question more boldly than it has, to meet it
I more in the principle of economy, to be will-
ing to go further, to cut down still more the
! existing army of officeholders. I do not be-
lieve that that army is needed ; I believe the
number can be essentially reduccd; and I
think that the present bill is a failure, inas-
much as it does not go far enough. I have
no disposition to make any opposition to it;
I shall not; but I desire to record my judg-
ment here that this bill does not go far enough.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. An-
thony in the chair.) The question is on the
first amendment reported by the Committee
on Finance.
Mr. CASSERLY. Let it be read.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment will be read.
The Chief Clerk read the first amendment
of the Committee on Finance, which was in
section one, line four, after the word " thereto''
to insert the words "in the districts respect-
ively so as to read:
That on the 1st day of July, 1873, or at such times
prior thereto, in the districts respectively, as the
Commissioner of Internal Revenue may find prac-
ticable, the offices of assessor and assistant assessor
of internal revenue shall cease to exist.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. As there are
quite a number of these amendments which
are merely verbal, unless some Senator desires
a special vote on any amendment, I suggest
that the question be taken in gross on all the
amendments proposed by the Committee on
Finance.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The others
have not been read as yet.
Mr. SHERMAN. This is only a formal
amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the first amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The other
amendments will be read.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no doubt the
body of them will be acquiesced in.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. They will
be read.
Mr. CASSERLY. All down to line twenty-
one, on page 7, seem to be merely verbal
amendments, and may be adopted in gross.
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire a vote on the
amendment on page 4. I think they had bet-
ter read
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That course
will be pursued.
The Chief Clerk read the next amendment
of the Committee on Finance, which was in
section one, line eight, after " and " to strike
out the words "that upon the expiration of
