152
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 12,
their terms of office respectively," and insert
" thereupon;" so as to read:
And thereupon all duties imposed by law on as-
sessors and assistant assessors, except as hereinafter
otherwise provided, be, and the same are hereby
transferred and imposed upon collectors of internal
revenue.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section one,
line twelve, after the word "by" to strike out
"themselves or by," and insert "them or;" so
as to read, "to be performed by them or
their deputies."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section one,
to strike out the following proviso from line
twenty-five to line thirty-five:
Provided, That the Commissioner of Internal
Revenue shall, under the direction of the Secretary
of tho Treasury, and in accordance with the provis-
ions of the ninth section of the act of March 2,
1S67, require that each collector of internal revenue
shall, before enterins upon the duties prescribed by
this act, rive additional bond, conditioned that said
collector shall faithfully perform the duties of his
office according to law, and further conditioned as
required by the ninth section of said act of March
2,1867: And provided further.
Making the succeeding words into a sep-
arate section, to be section twenty-four.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section [one]
two, line thirty-two, to strike out the words
"provided further, that" aud insert "and;"
in line thirty-four, after the word " collect,"
to insert "and account for;" and in line
thirty-six, after the word "collected," to in-
sert "and accounted for;" so that the para-
graph will read:
And the said Commissioner shall certify such as-
sessments when made to the proper collectors,
respectively, who shall proceed to collect and ac-
count for taxes so certified in the same manner as
assessments on lists are now collected and aocounted
for.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire to offer an
amendment to come in at the end of line one
of section [two] three ; after the words " that
all special taxes imposed by law," insert
the words " accruing after April 30, 1873," so
as not to affect the special taxes which have
already been paid.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CASSERLY. I ask the Senator from
Ohio whether I am right in supposing that the
words " special taxes " used in the first line
of the section on which we are now is used in
the technical sense, meaning " license taxes ?"
Mr. SHERMAN. We changed the law to
meet the decision of the Supreme Court. All
license taxes are called special taxes now.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Secre-
tary will continue reading the amendments
reported by the Committee on Finance.
The next amendment was in section [two]
three, line fourteen, after the word " thereto,"
to strike out the words " provided, that;" so
as to read :
And the Commissioner of Internal Revenue shall
have authority to make all needful rules and regu-
lations relative thereto. Every person engaged in
any business, avocation, or employment, who is
thereby made liable to a special tax, &o.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section [three]
(our, line three, after the word "office," to
insert the words "for public inspection so
that the section will read;
Skc. [3] 4. That each collector of internal revenue
shall, under regulations of the Commissioner of
Internal Revenue, place and keep conspicuously in
his office, for public inspection, an alphabetical list
of the names of all persons who shall have paid
special taxes within his district, and shall state
thereon the time, place, and business for which such
special taxes have been paid.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section [four]
five, line eight, after the word "duplicate,"
to strike out the words "to the collectors"
and insert "one copy of which shall be trans-
mitted to the collector;" and in line ten, after
the word "district," to strike out the words
"respectively, one copy of which shall then
be transmitted by the collector" aud insert
"and one copy;" so that the section will read:
Sue. [415. That section one hundred and ten of an
act entitled "An act to provido internal revenue to
support the Government, to pay interestonthe pub-
liu debt, and for other purposes," approved June 30,
1364, as subsequently amended, be so amended that
tho returns therein required to bo made shall be
made and rendered semi-annually on the 1st day of
December and the 1st day of June, in duplicate, one
copy of which shall be transmitted to the collector
of the proper district, and one copy to tho Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section [five]
six, after line fourteen, to strike out the fol-
lowing paragraph :
That section twenty-eight be so amended that all
of the additional commission of half of one per cent,
on the amounts of the tax on distilled.spirits therein
allowed shall hereafter be paid to the collector
receiving the tax: Provided, That the total net
compensation of collectors as now fixed by law
shall not be thereby increased.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section [five]
six, after line twenty, to insert the following:
That section twenty-eight be so amended that all
of the additional commission of one half of one per
cent, therein allowed shall be paid to the collector
receiving the tax on all spirits produced after the
office of the assessor shall cease under the provis-
ions of this act: Provided, That the total net com-
pensation of collectors as now fixed by law shall not
be thereby increased.
Mr. VICKERS. I move to strike out all of
that section from liue twenty-eight to line
thirty.
Mr. SHERMAN. The next amendment is
to insert those lines.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will put the question on the amendment pro-
posed by the committee, which has been read.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section [five]
six, after line twenty-seven, to insert the follow-
ing:
That section fifty be so amended as to authorize
the appointment of twenty-five additional revenue
agents until July 1, 1874.
Mr. VICKERS. I move to strike that out.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on agreeing to the amendment of the
committee. The Senator from Maryland effects
his object by voting against it.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section [five]
six, lines thirty-seven, thirty-eight, and thirty-
nine, to strike out the following words :
That section one hundred and three be so amended
that its provisions are extended and made applicable
to the provisions of this act.
And to insert in lieu thereof the following :
That the provisions of section one hundred and
three be extended and made applicable to the pro-
visions of this act.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to add as section
eight the following :
Sec. 8. That the Commissioner of Internal Reve-
nue shall, under the direction of the Secretary of
tbe Treasury, require that each collector of internal
revenue shall, before entering upon the duties pre-
scribed by this act, give additional bond, conditioned
that said collectorshall faithfully perform the duties
of his office according to tho provisions of existing
laws or of laws hereafter enacted.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I ask the Senator from
Ohio whether he means by that that there
shall be hereafter two bonds by the collector,
or whether he means that a fresh bond shall be
given which shall cover all the duties of col-
lectors under the new act?
Mr. SHERMAN. That matter was con
sidered. It was deemed safer to require an
additional bond because the old bona is still
in force. .If the old bond should be left for old
liabilities and a new bond given for future
liabilities, it might be difficult to say when a
liability accrued. It was deemed better there-
fore to follow the example of the House. The
House in their proposition, in the first section,
required an additional bond, and the Commit-
tee on Finance thought it safer to follow that
requirement. It has been done in other cases.
Mr. EDMUNDS. What other cases ?
Mr. SHERMAN. Two years ago we required
additional bonds in certain cases.
Mr. EDMUNDS. This, then, makes the
third one that these collectors are to give?
Mr. SHERMAN. In some cases. They
may be required in some cases to give more
than that number, because the Secretary of
the Treasury has power at any time to require
an additional bond.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Ah, but my friend from
Ohio, I think, is mistaken when he says "ad-
ditional bonds." What the Secretary of the
Treasury is authorized to require them to do
is to keep their obligation to perform theii
duties in a state of perfect security. He ma}
therefore call for additional sureties or addi-
tional security to do what they are already
bound to do. Now, to have three or even two
separate bonds for the performance of duties
under the law (because when this becomes the
law you only have one law) is, in my opinion,
liable to lead to great mischief, and tne verj
difficulty which the honorable Senator has
suggested of its being difficult to determine
precisely under which bond a liability would
fall is increased, because thatdifficulty is made
perpetual by having several bonds, whereas if
you only have one, a fresh bond which shall
cover all the duties under the existing law, not
in the place of the old one, but leaving the old
one to stand to operate on the precediug obli-
gations, then you only incur this difficulty and
risk once. If, however, you continue to have
a state of administration which requires two
or three distinct and separate bonds for even a
new collector when he comes in, then you
multiply the very difficulties which the Senator
has suggested, and properly suggested. I only
make the suggestion; I do not make any
motion about it; but I am very much afraid
that this will not work to the advantage of the
Treasury of the United States.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is a question about
which I have no very decided opinion, although
it does seem to me that it would be safer to
retain the old bond in full force and take an
additional bond ; but it is a question of law on
which I would rather defer to the opinion of
of the Senator.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I would retain the old
bond by all means; I would not cancel that,
but instead of saying "an additional bond,"
I would say " a fresh bond." Then you have
to meet the difficulty which is suggested, only
once. But if you keep up these different sets
of bonding, then you nave to meet these dif-
ficulties all the time. I merely suggest the
matter to my friend ; I do not wish to interfere
with his bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. This amendment was pre-
pared by the Senator from Iowa [Mr. Wright]
with a good deal of care as a substitute for the.
House proposition.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It is certainly better
than that.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will state that the bonds
of collectors of internal revenue are often
changed. Forinstance, the department watches
the sureties of collectors' bonds with great
anxiety. They hold large sums of money, and
whenever the surety is supposed to be in doubt
a bond is required. The language of the law
is that the collector shall from time to time
renew or strengthen or increase his official
bond, and the act of two years ago authorized
an additional bond, so that the discretion is
left to the Secretary as broadly as possible to
renew, strengthen, or add.
Mr. CONKLING. I think it is right as it is.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to add as section
nine the following:
Sbc. 9. That the Commissioner of Internal Rev-
enue be, and hereby is, authorized to designate ono
