1120
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 5,
Congress representations that by that bill we
had destroyed or seriously damaged the navi-
gation of the river at that point. Then a com-
mission was appointed to investigate that ques-
tion, and they reported the bill was an injury
to navigation. We were then asked to repeal
that law, and we did repeal it in effect; that is,
Congress required the bridge to be very much
raised, as I remember some thirty feet. But
under what circumstances? Why, that we
made provision for ascertaining the damage
the persons who under our improvident legis-
lation had erected that bridge would be sub-
jected to by raising it as then required. This
coat may reach to $1,000,000. Now, by this
bill we are, 1 fear, about to repeat exactly the
same blunder we made before, and presently
we shall be asked by the people of the West to
remove this obstruction and pay the expense
out of the Treasury of the United States.
I am satisfied from my experience on the
Committee on Commerce, of which I was a
member, that no bill should be passed propos-
ing to bridge either of the three great rivers
without a most careful examination by some
officer of the Government not connected with
private interests, and a report on the subject
made to Congress in advance, so that when
we legislate we may legislate on the report of
a competent officer o( the Government not
likely to be controlled in his judgment by
special or local interests.
Mr. PACKER. I think that the reading of
the general law passed at the last session of
Congress, when the subject was fairly and fully
considered by the House, will satisfy the gen-
tleman that evei-y objection that can possibly
be made is fully met by this bill. I ask that it
be read.
The Clerk read as follows:
An aot further regulatine the construction of bridges
across the Mississippi river.
Br. it enimted by the. Senate and Home of Represent-
utiva of the United Staled of America in Oongrew
avvembled, Tluirall bridges hereafteroou&trucced over
and across the Mississippi river under authority of
any act of Congress shall be subject to all tho terms,
restrictions, and requirements contained ill tho fifth
section of an net entitled "An act to authorize the
construction of a bridge across the Mississippi river,
at or near the town of Clinton, in the State of Iowa,
and othor bridges across said river, and to establish
them as post roads," approved April 1, 1872; and in
locating any such bridge the Seoretary of War shall
have due regard to the security and convenience of
navigation, to convenience of access, and to the
wants of all railways and highways crossing said
river.
Approved June 4,1872.
Mr. NJBGLKY. That act is not applicable
to this case; it applies only to bridges across
the upper Mississippi.
Mr. PACKER. No, sir; it applies to all
bridges "hereafter to be constructed across
the Mississippi river." I ask the Clerk also
to read the sections I have marked in the act
of April 1, 1872, referred to in this bill.
Tho Clerk read as follows:
" Skc.2. That any bridge built under the provisions
of this aot may, at the option of the company build-
ing the same, be built as a draw-bridge, with a
pivot or other form of a draw, or with unbroken
or continuous spans: Provided, That if the said
bridge shall bo made with unbroken and continuous
spans, it shall not be of less elevation, in any case,
than fifty feet above extreme high-water mark, as
"understood at the point of location, to the bottom
chord of tho bridge; nor shall the spans of said
bridge be less than two hundred and fifty feet in
length, and the piers of said bridge shall be parallel
with the current of the river, and the main span
shall be over the main channel of the river, and not
less than threee hundred feet ill length: And pro-
vided aUo, That if any bridge built under this act
shall be eonstrueted as a draw-bridge, the same
shall be constructed as a pivot draw-bridge, with a
draw over the main channel of the river at an ac-
cessible and navigable point, and with spans of not
less than one hundred and sixty feet in length in
the clear on each side of the central or pivot pier
of the draw; and the next adjoining spans to the
draw shall not be less than two hundred and fifty
feet; and said spans shall not be less than thirty
feet above low-water mark, and not less than ten
above extreme high-water mark, measuring to the
bottom chord of the bridge; and the piers of said
bridge shall be parallel with the current of the
river, where said bridge may bo erectod: A nd pro-
vided also, Thatsaid draw shall be opened promptly,
upon reasonable signal, for the passage of boats.
"Sec. 3. That any bridge constructed under this
act, and according to its limitations, shall be a law-
ful structure, and shall be known and recognized as
a post route, upon which, also, no higher charge
shall he made for the transmission over the same of
the mails, the troops, and the munitions of war of
the United States than the rate per mile paid for
their transportation over the railroads and public
highways leading to the said bridge, and the United
States shall have the right of way for postal tele-
graph purposes across said bridge.
" Sec. 4. That all railway companies desiring to use
the said bridge shall have and be entitled to equal
rights and privileges in the passage of the same, and
in the use of the machinery and fixtures thereof,
and of all the approaches thereto, under and upon
such terms and conditions as shall be prescribed by
the Secretary of War, upon hearing the allegations
and proofs of the parties in ease they shall not
agree.
"Sec. 5. That the structure herein authorized shall
be built and located under and subj eet to such regu-
lations for the security of navigation of said river
as the Secretary of War shall prescribe, and the
said structure shall be at all timesso kept and man-
aged as to offer reasonable and proper means for
the passage of vessels through or under said struc-
ture ; and tho said structure shall be ohanged at the
cost and expense of the owners thereof, from time
to time as Congress may direct, so as to preserve the
free and convenient navigation of said liver. And
the authority to erect and continue said bridgeshall
be subject to revocation, modification by law, when-
ever the public good shall in the judgment of Con-
gress so require, without any expense or charge to
the United States."
Mr. PALMER. I must now insist upon my
motion to go into Committee of the Whole on
the Post, Office appropriation bill.
Mr. CONGER. I ask that, this bill with
the amendments be printed for the use of the
House.
No objection was made, and it was ordered
accordingly.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I hope the House
will permit this bill to be referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
The SPEAKER. The pending question is
upon the motion to go into Committee of the
Whole on the Post Office appropriation bill.
MESSAGE i'ROM THIS SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Symp-
son, one of its clerks, informed the House
that the Senate had passed without amend-
ment a bill of the following title:
A bill (H. R. No. 3555) to remove the dis-
abilities of William A. Graham, a citizen of
North Carolina.
The message further announced that the
Senate had agreed to the report of the com-
mittee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the amendments
of the Senate to the following bill:
A bill (H. R. No. 2989) making appropria-
tions for the current and contingent expenses
of the Indian department, and for fulfilling
treaty stipulations with various Indian tribes
for the year ending June 30, 1874, and for
other purposes.
The message further announced that the
Senate had passed and requested the concur-
rence of the House in bills of the following
titles;
A bill (S. No. 120(5) for the erection of a
public building for the use of the United States
in Covington, Kentucky; and
A bill (S. No. 1514) for the temporary re
lief of the Indians at Camp McDermit, in
Humboldt county, Nevada.
POST OFFICE APPROPRIATION BILL.
The question was then taken upon the
motion to suspend the rules and go into Com-
mittee of the Whole on the Post Office appro-
priation bill; and it was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, (Mr. Burchard in the chair.) and
proceeded to the consideration of House bill
No. 3498, making appropriations for the ser-
vice of the Post Office Department for the
year ending June 30, 1874.
The CHAIRMAN. By order of the House,
all general debate on this bill is limited to
fifteen minutes.
Mr. PALMER. I ask that the first reading
of the bill be dispensed with.
No objection was made.
Mr. PALMER. This bill contains no appro-
priation that is unusual for the ordinary service
of the Post Office Department for the next fiscal
year, exceptan appropriation of a half a million
dollars for readjusting the compensation for
postal car service. That appropriation is made
necessary by the code that was adopted last
year. That code provided that the Postmas-
ter General in his discretion might increase
the compensation fifty per cent, for that kitud
of service. But the Congress that passed that
code did not provide any money to carry it
into effect, and as a matter of fact no benefit
has accrued to any railroad company by rea-
son of it. The Postmaster General himself
does not seek to administer that discretionary
power. On the contrary, he asks that Con-
gress, instead of giving him this discretionary
power to increase the compensation fifty per
cent., shall adopt a schedule which in effect
will appropriate only about one third of that
amount. This bill gives for the increased
compensation about one third of the amount
that fifty per cent, increase would yield. That
is the only unusual appropriation in this bill.
Since this bill was reported from the Commit-
tee on Appropriations the franking privilege
has been abolished. And 1 have the satisfac-
tion of announcing to the House that the Post-
master General is willing that there should be
one and a half million dollars less appropriated
for deficiencies than if the franking privilege
had not been abolished.
The assumption seems to have gained cre-
dence with some members of this House and
of the other branch of Congress that the or-
dinary appropriation for carrying on the Post
Office Department may be reduced by reason
of the abolition of the franking privilege. A
little attention to the subject would show any
man that, the ordinary machinery of the De-
partment must go on about the same. The
great expense, ot' course, is for inland trans-
portation. The contracts for that service are
made for four years. Only one fourth of those
contracts will be renewed on the 1st of July
next. The other three fourths of thecontracts
of course cannot be changed until the expira-
tion of two, three, and four years, as you can-
not abrogate contracts. The number of em-
ployes in the Department must be about the
same. The object is accomplished by the
Postmaster General in his estimate of increased
revenue by reason of the abolition of the frank-
ing privilege. By reason of examinations that
he caused to he made, he estimates that there
was carried in 1870 free matter which, if paid
for, would haveyieldedarevenueof$2,500,000.
And in his last annual report he estimates that
during the last year, which included the presi-
dential canvass, there was carried free matter
which, if paid for at, regular rates, would have
amounted to $3,500,000.
The Postmaster General of course does not
assume that the amount of matter carried
would be as large if payment of postage were
in all cases required as while a large propor-
tion of matter is carried free. He estimates
of course that under the operation of the law
abolishing the franking privilege there will be
a falling off; but he is willing to undertake the
administration of his Department with a de-
crease of a million and a half dollars in the
deficiency appropriation for the current year.
Therefore, when we reach that paragraph, I
shall propose to amend the bill to that extent,
because it was reported before the bill for the
abolition of the franking privilege became a
law.
Since this bill was reported a contract has
been made by the Post Office Department for
adhesive stamps for the next four years, and
although the number of stamps of course must
be larger now than heretofore, in view of the
repeal of the franking privilege, yet the Depart-
ment has made a contract much more favor-
able than it ever has done before. So that
when we come to that portion of the bill I
shall move to decrease the appropriation for
