2080
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March. 1,
what we know as unobjected cases. There-
fore I am not in that category. But I cannot
sit here with the view that I have of the two
per cent, bill, and believing what I do in regard
to the fact demonstrable in reference to it, and
allow a vote to be taken immediately because
some other Senator and his constituents are
interested in tnat bill. My constituents, speak-
ing of many of the taxes collected, pay more
than one third of those taxes, and while they
honor me with a seat here they expect me to
vote in regard to their interests when their in-
terest and rights coincide, and they expect me
to do what lies within the very narrow limits
of my ability to make their interests apparent
when their interests coincide with right.
Now, for any Senator to feel offended, or
for any Senator to feel that I encroach upon
his rights, or that I do not respond to all the
behests of friendship because I say this and
so act upon a bill in which his constituents
"are interested, is to obliterate entirely the
true basis on which we stand, and to adopt
that confusion of ideas which would commit
votes in this body to the domain of personal
friendship. My friend from Illinois ought to
know, and I undertake to say, he does know,
because we have served together long, not
only in this House but in another, that upon
any question falling fairly within the domain
of what may be done for friendship's sake, as
I have no doubt he would oblige me, so I
would leap at the opportunity to oblige him ;
but when you come to a measure like 'that
denominated the two per cent, act, which in-
volves a million dollars in round numbers 
Mr. EDMUNDS. Much more.
Mr. CONKLING. I know somewhat more,
as my friend reminds me—no man in a Rep-
resentative place, with an oath resting upon
him, can respond either to God or man if he
votes because he is friendly to somebody.
Therefore I say, if this bill is taken up I shall
be compelled to do that which I have not done
or attempted to do, and that is, to state as far
as I am able the reasons which I think should
deter and prevent every member of the Senate
from casting that additional load upon the
burdens of the people. If it is taken up, it is
very well known that other Senators with much
more effect, and no doubt at much greater
length than I should ask to be heard, will
assign their reasons upon the bill, and then
when we have worn out so much of the night
as we feel disposed thus to consume we shall
adjourn, and in the meantime all measures
which abide the event of this will wait without
day, and apparently to the expiration of the
session.
Therefore I venture to appeal to my friend
to join me in giving everybody who has unob-
jected cases a fair opportunity to consider
them, and when we have gone through with the
Calendar, if there shall be any remnant of
time to devote to these matters of contest,
whether it be the two percent, bill, the Louis-
iana bill, or any other bill which is the subject
of sharp collision here, I have no objection
to staying as long as any Senator can stay,
and devoting the time to an attempt to solve
these debated questions ; but surely it is not
economy, it is not judicious at this time to
take up contested matters, and thus lose the
opportunity to do justice to a great many peo-
ple, knowing, as I think every one must know,
that we cannot advance the interests of any
of those contested cases by taking it up now.
Mr. LOGAN. I am very much surprised at
the tenor of the remarks of my friend from
New York. It is not a question of friendship
whether a bill shall pass or not. I certainly
never have solicited any man to vote for any
bill that I had charge of, or in which I felt in-
terested, on account of personal friendship;
nor do I ask, on account of personal friend-
ship, any favor in this Senate over and above
that to which each and every Senator is enti-
tled. I have not been in the habit of doing so
heretofore, nor shall I form that habit now.
I did believe, however, that it was but fair
to the three States which present this bill that
they should have a vote upon it. So far as
the characterization of the bill is concerned,
there is no argument in that. Every man in
this Chamber has enough ability to guide and
fovern himself in reference to his own vote.
his is a question that has been before Con-
gress for several years. This bill has passed
the House and comes to the Senate, and fair-
ness demands that it should at least be treated
as other measures are treated, and that is all
we have asked. The bill was defeated by two
votes. A motion was made by one of the
Senators who voted against the bill to recon-
sider that vote. That question I have asked
the Senate to decide, and that is all. I have
not discussed the merits of the bill. I have
asked no one to vote for it. I ask merely that
a vote shall be taken as to whether the bill
shall be reconsidered or not. Is there any-
thing improper in that? Is there anything
unfair in that ? Is there anything in that that
the Senator from New York and every other
Senator here would not ask in reference to a
measure that is before the Senate ?
Mr. CONKLING. Will the Senator allow
me to answer?
Mr. LOGAN. If there is anything to an-
swer, I have no objection.
Mr. CONKLING. There is this to answer,
if the Senator will indulge me: this is not
merely the end of the session, but the end of
the Congress, and therefore whatever is left
undone now falls, so that if my honorable
friend merely wants a reconsideration to rein-
state the bill, thaC would be of no service.
Mr. LOGAN. I understand that.
Mr. CONKLING. Of course, therefore,
he wants it reconsidered with a view to ulti-
mate action, and because he does want that, I
say it is a waste of time; that is all.
Mr. LOGAN. It is entirely unnecessary
for the Senator to notify the Senate of that fact.
Mr. CONKLING. My friend was arguing
that he merely wanted it reconsidered, without
anything more being done.
Mr. LOGAN. No, sir, not at all. That
is the first vote to be takeu, and of course I
could ask no more than a vote on the recon-
sideration. If it should be reconsidered the
question would then arise whether the Senate
would act upon it. That would be another
question entirely, a new question.
Now let me say a word on this subject of
time. Objection is made because I asked the
Senate to take up this motion at this late hour
and vote upon it without discussion. The
question has been so thoroughly discussed in the
Senate pro and con bjr divers Senators, by the
members of the Judiciary Committee, and by
other members of the Senate, that I supposed
the discussion had ended, and that each and
every Senator would be willing to cast his vote
without further discussion. But I am now told
by my friend from New York that if this ques-
tion comes before the Senate he will use every
means in his power, direct and indirect, to
prevent the passage of the bill. Now I ask
my friend, after the argument has been ex-
hausted against a bill or for a bill, how much
further are we required to go in our opposi-
tion ?
Mr. CONKLING. No further.
Mr. LOGAN. I thought" so. 'We are re-
quired to go no further; and yet .we are told
that this bill shall never pass if it is in the
power of the Senator to prevent it. Why is
that? Why is there this feeling of bitterness
agaiust this proposition that will carry Sena-
tors to this extent ? Are we not all equals on
this floor? Suppose the majority of the Sen-
ate to-day should be in favor of the bill, then
does it become the duty of the Senator to ex-
haust all means direct and indirect to defeat
the will of the majority of the Senate?
Mr. CONKLING. I should like to under-
stand that question, if my friend will allow me.
Does be mean to say that if the majority of the
Senate is in favor of the bill I have not the
right for that reason to express my views
upon it!.
Mr. LOGAN. No, sir; not at all.
Mr. CONKLING. I have not said one
word about this bill; and the argument of my
friend, if I understand him, is that in this
case, for example, I should make my con-
duct, my debating the bill or not, hinge upon
the question whether or not a majority is for
it. I supposed the Object of debate was chiefly
on the part of the minority in the hope of
convincing enough to put themselves in the
majority; but my honorable friend seems to
think that whenever it is ascertained that a
majority of the Senate is for a thing, that is
enough; you should never go any further. 1
do not agree with that doctrine.
Mr. LOGAN. It is very strange that a man
of the conceded ability of my friend from New
York is not able to understand my meaning
when I say that if a majority of the Senate is
in favor of a bill it does not become a Senator
to use all means, direct and indirect, to de-
feat it.
Mr. CONKLING. I did not say anything
about "indirect means."
Mr. LOGAN. "All the means in your
power" was the language ; and that means by
argument, by parliamentary tactics, and the
other expedients that we may avail ourselves
of in a legislative body for the purpose of de-
feating a proposition, does it not?
Mr. CONKLING. I think it does.
Mr. LOGAN. That is what I mean. I say
then, as I said before, if there is no majority
for this bill, that ends it. If there is a major-
ity for it, they ought to have a right to say
whether this bill shall be taken up. That
seems to me to be but fair, and I cannot see
how it is that objection shall be made to a
proposition of that kind, merely to take a vote
and see whether or not a majority is in favor
of taking it up. I never have interposed
objections to a vote being taken upon any
measure.
But, sir, on this question I stand in a differ-
ent position from the Senator from New York.
I stand here not only as one of the represent-"'
atives of the people of the State of Illinois
pressing this claim, but I stand here instructed
by the Legislature of my State to do so ; and
the Senators from Ohio and Indiana are like-
wise instructed by the Legislatures of their
States to obtain the passage of this bill if it is
possible—by fair means of course, and not by
unfair means. That is all we desire ; that is
all we ask. If a Senator is not to be permitted
to ask that a vote be taken on a proposition
in which his constituents are deeply interested
without criticism, then I must say that legis-
lation here has got to be in such a shape that
it belongs in the hands of a few men to decide
what shall and what shall not be legislated
upon in this body.
Now, if Senators are willing take a vote on
the question of reconsideration without discus-
sion, I shall be very glad to do so; and I say
to the Senator now that if it is reconsidered
he may discuss the question on the merits of
the bill as far as and as much as he has a mind
to do. I have no desire to discuss it; I simply
wish to have a vote upon it. I have said all
that I care to say on the subject heretofore.
■ Mr. HOWE obtained the floor.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If the Senator
will suspend for a moment, the Chair omitted
to have the title of the first bill on the Calen-
dar read, which it was his duty to have read,
that bill being before the Senate, and that bill
must be postponed before anything can be
taken up.
The Chief Clerk. A bill (S. No. 1576) for
the relief of J. B. Cornell and others.
_ Mr. DAVIS. If the Senator from Wiscon-
sin will allow me, I wish to make a motion
that when we adjourn we adjourn to meet at
nine o'clock in the morning.
Mr. CONKLING. Do cot make that mo-
