1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1121
adhesive stamps $54,000. Thus the amount
of redaction in the aggregate appropriaiion
reported in the printed biil will be $1,554,000.
If no other gentleman wishes to speak on
this subject, I ask that the bill be read by
paragiaphs for amendment.
The Clerk read as follows:
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United Stales of Amu'ica in Congress as-
sembled  That the following sums be, and the same
are hereby, appropriated for the service of the Post
Office Department for the year ending June 30,1874,
out of any moneys in the Treasury arising from the
revenues of said Department, in conformity to the
act of July 2,1836, as follows.
Mr. SARGENT. I move pro forma to
strike out the last word of the pending para-
graph, for the purpose of calling attention to a
statute the existence of which, as I under-
stand, was denied yesterday, a statute affect-
ing the action of the Secretary of the Treasury
in making or sanctioning a certain memoran-
dum of contract. I understood my friend
from Kentucky [Mr. Beck] to say yesterday,
in the course of his remarks, that there was
no law whatever under which the Secretary
of the Treasury could authorize the taking of
money out of the Treasury for detecting the
fraud which was attempted or alleged to have
been attempted' upon the Government. The
gentleman from Kentucky is generally so
accurate that at the time I did not undertake
to affirm positively that there was such a
statute in existence ; I simply stated that
according to my recollection there was a law
authorizing the Secretary to do what he did.
I now send to the Clerk's desk, and ask to
have read, a provision from Statutes-at-Large,
volume seventeen, page 348.
The Clerk read as follows:
"Expensesin detecting and bringing to trial and
punishment persons engaged in counterfeiting
Treasury notes, bonds, and other securities of the
United States, and for detecting other frauds upon
the Government, $125,000."
Mr. SARGENT. It will be observed by
reference to the connection that this appropri-
ation is put in the hands of the Secretary of
the Treasury for the purpose of detecting any
kind of fraud whatever. The memorandum
of agreement referred.to was made in pursu-
ance of that provision. ■ The appropriation is
for the current fiscal year; and this memoran-
dum of agreement was made in March, 1872.
The gentleman from Kentucky, however,
said that it was the duty of the Department
of Justice to attend to matters of this charac-
ter. The Department of Justice would have
had no power to make such a contract; it has
no fund in its hands for such a purpose. But
it appears by this memorandum of contract
(which was not read yesterday, although it is
interposed in the printed debate as if it had
been read,) that the Secretary of the Treasury
refused to make this memorandum of contract
a binding obligation upon the Government
unless all the facts were submitted to the
Attorney General, and he should be satisfied
that the facts referred to and the information
disclosed were of such a nature that by means
of them the Secretary of the Treasury was
enabled to prevent the payment of an illegal
and fraudulent claim upon the Government. 1
make these remarks in confirmation of the
correctness of my recollection on yesterday,
and also in justice to the Secretary of the
Treasury, of whom my friend from Kentucky
said (perhaps without sufficient care) that his
conduct in the matter was "reprehensible."
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. Mr. Chairman,
I observe by looking at the Globe that in the
debate of yesterday I used this language:
" i think the gentleman from Indiana has done
exactly right in proven'ing this payment; but 1 say
the Secretary of the Treasury has no sort of author-
ity to give to Paige & Dent, or to anybody else,
130,000 of the public money without informing U>n-
gres, of it, when we had a Department of Justice
paid to do all that work. His conduct in this regard
was entirely reprehensible, and the gentleman trom
Indiana deserves great credit for stopping the pay-
ment as he has done."
I knew very well that there was a general
42d Cong. 3d Sess.—No. 71,
fund placed in the hands of the Secretary of
the Treasury by the appropriation bill for
detective purposes. But I believe not a mem-
ber of this House will intimate that money
was placed in his hands for the purpose of
employing lawyers to determine matters which
were all of record in his Department, that
that had been settled by law, that had been
agreed on by treaty. The items of informa-
tion, as the gentleman from Indiana [Mr.
Shanks] stated before I made the remark
quoted by the gentleman, were all furnished
by the report of the Treasury Department
itself. The money was given to the Secretary
for spies over the country in reference to vio-
lations of the internal revenue or of the cus-
toms laws
Mr. SARGENT. Or other frauds.
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. Or other frauds
connected with matters of appropriation.
Mr. SARGENT. '' Or other frauds against
the Government," the law reads.
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. But here is a
claim which may be absolutely fraudulent, if
jou please, and every fact connected with it
was in the Department shown by law, shown
by treaty, and that money so appropriated was
not intended to allow him to employ anybody
for that purpose. It required no detection ;
it required no arrest; it required no bringing
of punishment to anybody. The Department
of Justice, it is true, has no fund out of which
to pay detectives and informers, but the Depart-
ment of Justice could do this work as well as
it could be done by anybody. Yet the Secre-
tary of the Treasury agreed to give $30 000 to
pay for the discovery of this fraud when he
ought to have reported the matter to the House
or to the Department of Justice to have it
investigated and the proper steps taken for its
prevention. That is the objection I made
yesterday.
But, Mr. Chairman, I wish to say, in pass-
ing, that I have been informed by Judge
Dent, as the firm of Paige & Dent was referred
to in the debate yesterday, that he had nocon-
nection with thi3 matter, that he was no party
to the agreement, and of course was not to
receive any portion of this money. I say this
in justice to him because he may be suspected
from the reference to the firm of Paige &
Dent in the debate yesterday to be one of the
parties to this agreement. He told me this
morning that he was not. Now, the only
complaint I made was that it was not the right
way for the Secretary of the Treasury to do
business, and I said that without meaning in
any degree to impugn the motives of the Sec-
retary of the Treasury.
Mr. SARGENT. Not only do I agree with
tlie gentleman 
Mr. HALE. I rise to a point of order.
Mr. SARGENT. I wish to do justice to the
Secretary of the Treasury.
Mr. BALE. I object to anything which is
not in order, and to the time of the committee
being taken up except by matters pertinent to
this bill. . ,
Mr. SARGENT. I wish to make a single
remark in reply to what has been said by the
gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Beck.]
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will have to
sustain the point of order if insisted on.
Mr. SARGENT. What is the point of order?
Mr. HALE. My point of order is that this
discussion is wholly apart from any portion of
this bill. It is an old matter which came up
in debate yesterday, and is in reference to a
subject-matter entirely foreign to this Post
Office appropriation bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair rules the
point of order to be well taken, and the gentle-
man from California must confine himself to
the discussion of his amendment.
Mr. SARGENT. I do not think it is kind
on the part of the gentleman from Maine to
refuse me two minutes, which is all 1 ask, to
say a few words in reply to the remarks of the
gentleman from Kentucky, [Mi>. Beck,] and in
behalf of the Secretary of the Treasury, who
has been attacked.
Mr. STORM. The Secretary of the Treas-
ury has not been attacked by the gentleman
from Kentucky.
Mr. SARGENT. He said that his conduct
was reprehensible, and I wish to show, if I am
allowed, that his conduct was entirely proper
and legitimate, and taken entirely for the pro-
tection of the public interest.
Mr. HALE. It is much more important
that we should get to the appropriation bills.
The CHAIRMAN. The question is on the
motion of the gentleman from California.
Mr. SARGENT. Of course I withdraw my
amendment.
The Clerk read as follows:
For pay of letter-carriers, $1,600,000.
Mr. COTTON. I move to amend by add-
ing after that what I send to the Chair.
The Clerk read as follows :
That commencing with the 1st day of July, 1873,
letter-carriers may be employed for the free deliv-
ery of mail matter as frequently as the public con-
venience may require at every place containing a
population of twenty thousand within the delivery
of its post office, and that for the purpose of employ-
ing carriers where not already employed at said
place the sum of $] 00,000 is hereby appropriated
out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated.
Mr. COTTON. The law of March 3, 1865,
authorized the appointment of carriers at all
places having a population of fifty thousand, -
and at such other places as the Postmaster
General in his discretion might direct. Under
this discretion already .twenty-five cities, with
a population of less than fifty thousand each,
have this service ; and taking the census of
1870, there only rem ained nineteen cities,
having a population be tween twenty and fifty
thousand, without this service. No doubt a
few additional cities have now attained twenty
thousand population, and my amendment will
also include them as well as those that may
hereafter increase to twenty thousand.
I have had furnished to me from the Post
Office Department a state ment of the cities
having a population between twenty and fifty
thousand which have carriers and of those
which have not. And I find that in extend-
ing this service it has not'been confined to the
cities under fifty thousand having the highest
population. For example: Erie, Pennsyl-
vania, with but 19,000 population, has letter-
carriers, while Charleston, South Carolina,
with 48,000, is without carriers. Lancaster,
Pennsylvania, with 20,000, has carriers; New
Bedford, Massachusetts, with 21,000, Trenton,
New Jersey, with '22,000, Harrisburg, Penn-
sylvania, and Manchester, New Hampshire,
with 23,000 each, have carriers; while Mo-
bile, Alabama, with 32,000, Kansas City, Mis-
souri, with 32.000, Patterson, New Jersey,
with 33,000, Columbus, Ohio, with 31,000,
and Scran ton, Pennsylvania, with 35,000, are
without carriers.
I introduced a bill containing the provisions
of this amendment, which was referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post. Roads,
and perhaps it is not going too far to say that
the committee has agreed to this provision
unanimously, and that the Postmaster General
was present before the committee and gave
this measure his approval, and suggested that
there ought to be a special appropriation for
the purpose, as this amendment provides.
The present Postmaster General declines to
extend the service by selecting from these
nineteen cities, and prefers a general pro-
vision including all of these cities. And I will
say iu regard to the expense that will attend
this increased service, that I have an estimate
from the Post Office Department which shows
that the entire expense will be less than
$100,000. If gentlemen will turn to the re-
port of the Postmaster General for the fiscal
year ending 30th June, 1872, they will find,
on page 14, that he remarks, that while toe
expense of the letter-carriers amounted during
