1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
157
I am very sorry to see opposition made to
tills bill. I am sorry to see it for the reason
that there are numerous precedents in favor
of the measure. If this very question had not
been lime and again decided by the Senate and
by the House of Representatives, I would not
ask that it should bo decided at this time; but
in the di>cussion ot the question some twelve
months ago numerous precedents were cited
.showing that Congress had time and again
derided the constitutionality of this measure.
It is n question adjudged by this body, decided
by this body ; but, it is of course subject to
discussion again, though I think, after the
decisions which have been made, no man can
say that the measure is unconstitutional and
maintain that view against the precedents that
have been made by the Congress of the United
States.
My friend from Vermont says it is a hum-
bug. If it is a humbug, of course it ought to
be scouted from the Hails of Congress. If any
relief that may be granted to individuals and
communities is a humbug, then this of course
may be considered a humbug. It is on the
same basis with other relief; it is given as a
matter of charity ; but it is not a humbug, and
1 am satisfied that the evidence is before the
country that it is not; and 1 will give you
some reasons that induce me to think it is uot
a humbug.
I will take the city of Portland first. The
city of Portland after having been burned was
rebuilt, and rebuilt very rapidly under the
the operation of a measure like this, and it is
to day a better built city than it was before the
fire. In Chicago about thirteen hundred acres
of houses were swept away by the most de-
structive fire of which we have any record in
history; but to-day Chicago is almost com-
pletely rebuilt, and rebuilt in the most sub-
stantial manner that any city has ever been,
it is to day the model city of this country, so
tar as the new buildings are concerned. You
cmn find nowhere in your travels the same
number of bui dings erected in any city with
the same beauty and grandeur that distinguish
the buildings which have been erected in Chi-
cago since the great fire. Now, sir, I do say
that the passage of the relief bill for Chicago
was one of the great inducements that caused
men to commence rebuilding at once. The
benefits expected from that act were an induce-
ment to the people to commence building at
once. These are facts which the eye can wit-
ness in that place. Anyone who has engaged in
rebuilding that city wilf, if asked, tell you that
this was the great inducement to the people
to commence building at once, and was one
of the means which led to the completion of
that city in so short a space of time.
My friend from Michigan says that but little
relief has been given under the Chicago bill,
because only $13,000 of claims have been
adjusted in the Treasury. I shall not make
any statement as to the amount that has been
or may hereafter be adjusted. I will say this,
however, *Jie amount remitted will not be so
great as my friend thought a year ago it would
be. It will not decrease the revenue so much
as he and others said a year ago. Truth,
however, compels me to say that $13,000 is
not the amount that will be adjusted by many
thousands; yet the amount will not be veiy
large.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. . The Senator
does hot wish to imply that I have stated here
what I hate no authority for stating?
Mr. LOGAN. No, sir, not at all. The
Senator has not understood my language,
which was perfectly plain. 1 said that he
stated that that amount of claims had been
adjusted, bttt I say that is notthe whole amount
which will be adjusted. There is and will be
much more to be adjusted and allowed. The
time has not yet arrived for the full adjust-
ment. Still I say the sum allowed will not
amount to anything near what was anticipated
by many persons who realty had great fears
when they voted for the Chicago bill. I can
state what £he effect of it was. The principal
matters adjusted at the Treasury have been in
regard to the importations of plate glass.
Now, I can say to my friend from Vermont
that if he will pass through the city of Chicago
to-day and see the amount of plate glass used
in rebuilding that city and the beautifying
effect it has had, he will admit that it is worth
thousands and thousands of dollars to that
city and to the country. Great magnificence
and grandeur have been made by that one
article, which would not have been imported
in such quantities if it had not been lor the
bill that passed a year ago.
These things I know, Mr. President, because
I live there, and have seen them, and talked
with the people about them. I talked with
the collector of customs but a few days before
I left Chicago. I asked him the question,
"What do you think will be the amount re-
mitted by the Government?" "Well," said
he, "I cannot tell; the bills are just begin-
ning to come in." That was his statement to
me, and I give it to the country as it is. What
the amount is I cannot say, nor can they say
at the Treasury Department, nor can it be told
anywhere until the accounts are wll presented.
One thing encourages me to at least assist
by giving my aid to my fiiends from Massa-
chusetts in the passage of this bill. I do' not
want to see distinctions made between States
or cities or peoples in this country. Having
pleaded in the Senate Chamber a year ago for
relief for the suffering citizens of Chicago,
whether rich or poor—and it made no differ-
ence then to me whether they were rich or
poor—when the same thing is at.ked by a sister
city in this country, it seems to ate that it
would be very hard, very uncharitable, and
very unmanly in us at least who received the
benefit of a similar bill to stand up here and
oppose this.
My friend from Wisconsin says this is for
the benefit of nabobs. I knew many men in
Chicago whom he perhaps would denominate
nabobs, tnen who were wealthy before the fire.
They may possibly be wealthy men to-day, but
I think if they were to pay the money they
owe on their buildings they would be far from
wealthy. The wealth that is there may per-
haps be reaped by some one else in thefuture.
The wealthiest men in the city of Chicago are
embarrassed, and embarrassed more than any
other people there. It is a great mistake to
say that this is for nabobs. Why, sir, what
difference does it make whether a man has
property or -whether he is poor under such cir-
cumstances as these? If a fire, a great public
calamity, sweeps all of bis property away, hu-
manity would reach out the band to one as well
as to the other. Is it the fact that we are to
consider only the poor man ? Are we to con-
sider only the man who has no property to lose
in a great conflagration like this? Or are we
to consider both the man who has property to
lose and does lose it and the man that has no
property ?
Let me tell my friend from Wisconsin and
my friend from Vermont how the man who has
no property is benefited. My friend from
Vermont talks about sending off and depriv-
ing the people of Boston of labor and remun-
eration for their tabor. The very day that
Chicago commenced its rebuilding the labor-
ers came flockingto that place, and the labor-
ers in the city of Chicago have received higher
wages since the rebuilding of that city com-
menced than they ever received before. The
mechanic, the hod-carrier, every tnan con-
nected with the building of houses, has received
higher wages than he ever received before in
that city. Those men have received the ben-
efit as much as if they were rich men. The
enGonragement to men to rebuild their houses
and the commencement of the operation caused
workmen, mechanics, and laborers of all
kinds to flock to Chicago, and the mechanics
and laborers who are receiving the heuefit of
the rebuilding of that city are counted by the
thousands to-day, and the benefit to them was
greatly promoted by the passage of the reliet
bill. It does not affect them except to benefit
them.
As an Illinoisan, as a citizen of Chicago, I
have seen fire in all its fiendish fury; 1 have
seen its destruction and its calamity ; i have
seen the sorrow that followed it; 1 have seen
the destruction of property caused by that great
element; 1 have seen it strike down the prida
of the people of a great city ; and when I know
that the same thing has seized on other com-
munities, it must at least arouse in my breast
the same feeling and the same sympathy ; and
when I am asked to extend my hand in charily
either as a Senator or as au individual outside
of this Chamber to a community so situated,
they can ask naught which is legitimate and
proper and for which they have many prece-
i dents that I will refuse to give them.
Mr. CARPENTER. Mr. President, the
Senator from Illinois says the mistake into
which I have fallen is that I do not discrimin-
ate between laying duties and remitting duties.
As the Supreme Court of the Utiited States
has frequently said, as everybody knows, the
Constitution of the United States was designed*"
' to secure results. Jt did not deal with ab-
stractions ; it was not intended to stop in the
bark ; it meant to secure results to the people
of the United States. Now, when this pro-
vision of the Constitution says that the duties
shall belaid uniformly throughoutallthe United
1 States, Territories aud-districts included, does
the honorable Senator from Illinois believe
that a law would be unobjectionable which
should provide that all duties should be laid
uniformly throughout the United States, but.
that t.te State of Wisconsin, and every man
in it, should have a rebate equal to the whole
amouot which he paid for twelve months or
twelve years? If so, what is the benefit of
this provision? It is one of those cunning
devices by which a plain provision of the Con
stitution may be trampled under foot; but
1 still the sabstantial end whiehthe Constitution
| intended to secure is as much defeated as it,
would be by saying no duties shall be laid there.
To illustrate what I mean, the fifteenth
amendment says:
"The right of citizens of the United States to voto
shall not be denied or abridged by the United States
or by any State on account of race, color, or pre-
vious condition of servitude."
Now, suppose some State law should provide
that every man of color should deposit his vote
in a separate box from the white man, and that
after the polls were closed the colored mairs
ballot-box should be destroyed and the rest
should be counted, my honorable friend from
Illinois might say with as much propriety as he
saysnow about the laying ofiiuties, " Why,your
colored man has voted. The Senator does not
draw the distinction," he would say, ''be-
tween voting and having your vote counted.
Those are different things altogether. If a
man has voted, that is, if he has cast the
ballot in the box or the hat, the Constitution
is answered; he has voted, and whether his
vote is counted or not is a question upon
which the S-tate is supreme, because the Con-
stitution of the United States does not say that
his vote shall be given and counted and that
criticism would be just as fair upon the lii-
teenth amendment as it is uppn this provision
where the Seuatormakes it. No; the Consti-
tution of the United States is not a code of
procedure; it does not pretend to deal with
the details of subjects; it strikes out broa't,
| general principles which shall govern our legis
lation, and here that broad principle is that
every State of ,this Union, every Territory,
and every district, shall be upon the same
footing in regard to duties upon imports.
Now, is a State on the same footing with
other States when, after it has paid its duties,
it receives the money all back from the Treas-
ury ? What would be said of taxation in a
