1122
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 5,
that year to $1,300,000, the return to the
Department in local postage was $900,000,
amounting to nearly three fourths of the en-
tire expense of the service; and also, that
while the increased expense of letter-carriers
was but $32,000, the increase in returns from
the service was $149,000, proving that as
people become accustomed to the system the
returns to the Department are largely on the
increase.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. COTTON. I desire to have printed
with my remarks the statements received from
the Post Office Department to which I have
referred.
There was no objection.
The statements are as follows:
Post Office Department,
Appointment Office,
Washington, D. C., January 11,1873.
Sir : Your letter of this dato has been received
and duly considered.
I have to state, in reply, that the estimated ex-
pensed extending the tree-delivory service to all
the cities in the country having a population of at
least twenty thousand is, for the next fiscal year,
$100,000. This estimate includes salaries of carriers
and all expenses incident to the proposed exfconsion.
Very respectfully, &c„
J. W. MARSHALL,
First Assistant Postmaster General.
Hon. A. It. Cotton, House of Representatives.
Post Office Department,
arrointsshnt Office,
Washington, D. C., January 25,1873,
Sir: Your letter of this date is received.
I herewith transmit, as you request, a list of the
free-delivery cities having a population, in oven
thousands, of less than litty thousand.
Also, a list of non-free-delivery cities having a
population, in even thousands, of between fifty and
twenty thousand.
Very respectfully, &c.,
JAMES II. MARR,
Acting First Assistant Postmaster General.
Hon, A. R. Cotton, Htntse of Bepresentatives.
A list of free-delivery cities havina a population, in
even thousands, of less than fifty thousand accord
mo to the census of 1870.
Population.
Cambridge, Massachusetts  39 ooo
Cambriditoport, Massachusetts, (included in '
Cambridge.)
Charlestown, Massachusetts.,..,   28,000
Dayton, Ohio       30,000
Erie, Pennsylvania    19*000
Harrisburg, Pennsylvania ,...""".'.V.V'"'23't)00
Hartford, Connecticut    . 37 000
Indianapolis, Indiana. 3(i',00Q
Lanoaster. Pennsylvania    2(1000
Lawrence, Massachusetts  28 000
Lowell^ Massachusetts  ■lu'ooo
Juynn, ivxassaenusetts   28 000
Manchester. New Hampshire  23'000
Memphis, Tennessee  40 fiflft
Nashville, Tennessee   i..!!!!i25.'o00
New Bedford, Massachusetts  21000
Portland, Maine   si'nftft
Readinsr, Pennsylvania.  33'ooo
balem, Massachusetts    'it'ftftn
Syracuse, New York   43 000
Toledo, Ohio ."I... Ii fffn
Trenton, New Jersey     ?->'nnn
Troy, New York  f-T'S
Uiica, Kew Yoik   ®'nm
Wilmington, Delaware,  30 000
Worcester, Massachusetts .'.'.'".'il^oUO
list of non-free-delivery citirs having a population, in
well thousands, of between fitty and twenty thousand
ueeurding to the census of 1870.
Charleston, South Carolina  ^ 48 ooo"'
Scranton, Pennsylvania    " 35 000
Columbus, Ohio    si'nm
Paterson, New jersey  33'flOO
Sass?s Missouri   32 000
Mobile, Alabama   
I all River, Massachusetts  "SOOO
Springfield, Massachusetts   m
Peoria, Illinois   
Covington, Kentucky..,. ,w
ouincy, iiiinois..,._.:.:;;:; % ^
J.vansville, Indiana  
Oswego, New Yo:k   
Wifabeth, New Jersey   
Savannah, (Jeorgia .. ..  .fM™
Poughkeepsie, New York.....' ^n'nnn
Camden, Now Jersey  9tiSa
Davenport. Iowa  5S
St. Paul, Minnesota  io'ooo
Mr L. MYERS. I desire to ask my friend
trom Iowa, before he sits down, whether in
considering the propriety of extending this
free delivery system, which I agree with him
has been a great blessing to the people and is
largely self-paying in most places and far more
than self-paying in others, he has considered
the difficulties he will impose upon the class
of men who arc to serve as carriers? These
men are the hardest worked employes of the
Government, but year after year are onfy
allowed the poor salaries that the old law
gave them. And when, year after year, we
come here to ask an increase of those salaries,
we cannot succeed. I do not know if the gen-
tleman was present at some of the discussions
in this House when the attempt was made to
increase the salaries of the letter-carriers.
Mr. COTTON. I move to amend the amend-
ment by striking out "twenty" and inserting
''ten." I will say as to this amendment that
I would like to see the service extended as
low as cities often thousand inhabitants and
hope to see that accomplished at an early day;
but at present I only make this motion for the
purpose of having an opportunity to reply to
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. L.
Myers.] I am opposed to increasing the com-
pensation of carriers, for the reason thai we
wish to increase the service. We wish to have
the service in the young cities of the West,
where it has hitherto been denied on the ground
that it was supposed to be expensive to the
Government. I claim that it is not expensive,
and I say that we can furnish good men in the
West for this service at the present rate of pay.
I have heard the gentleman from Pennsylvania
on former occasions advocate an increase of
the salaries of these carriers, but I did not
coincide with him then, and now I am advised
from certain quarters that the salaries can be
graded so as to extend this system very greatly
and not at all increase the expense. It may
be that a certain class of men undertake to
perform this service, who perhaps must have
large salaries in order to live, but I believe we
can find men enough willing to perform the
service at the present rates and even less.
The postmaster at Davenport, Iowa, who
desired to obtain this service there, told me
that he could obtain carriers at from six to
seven hundred dollars a year instead of
$1,000. I am therefore for limiting the ex-
penses and not increasing the wages of these
carriers. We have not in Iowa a single city
having this service, and I wish to have the
system extended and not to increase its ex-
penses. I withdraw my amendment.
Mr. CONGER. I renew the amendment.
Mr. Speaker, whenever Congress will provide
that this additional benefit to the people of
cities who have their mails delivered at their
offices and at their very doors shall be done
by an increased expenditure in that delivery,
I shall have no objection ; but here is a charge
of nearly a million and a half upon the post-
age of the whole country for the mere local
accommodation of the citizens of cities who
live within a stone's throw of the different
^ branches of their post office, and who can as
well go a few rods to get their mails as people
111 the rural districts can go miles for the same
purpose.
We are denied new post offices and com-
pelled to submit to weekly mails instead of
semi-weekly or tri-weekly mails and are re-
fused postal accommodation all over the
country because in the cities a million and
half dollars must be expended of the rev-
enues of the Post Office Department to carry
letters to the doors of citizens in cities. I say
we never can have cheap postage or the proper
mail accommodation and semi or tri-weekly
mails where we ought to have them, and new
post ofiices established, as long as a million
and half dollars is expended for the local
accommodation of men who reside in the
cities.
Now, Mr. Chairman, I call the attention of
members to the fact that the members from
country districts have voted to abolish the
tranking privilege because it is supposed to be
an incumbrance on the mail delivery system
ana its abolition would furnish more facilities
to the people in the cities as well as in the
country. In the cities the expresses can take
all documents and packages to the homes
of the constituents of city members, while in
our part of the country there are no means
of sending such communications. We have
yielded to the repeal of the franking privilege
in order that there might be cheaper postage,
but mainly because we desire additional postal
facilities all over the country; but I protest
against members sitting here and voting a
million and a half dollars for the conven-
ience of citizens residing in cities while
their own constituents are daily demanding
increased mail facilities. I protest against
this expenditure when we are unable to furnish
ordinary mail facilities to hundreds and thou-
sands of places iu the United States.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. L. MYEBS. I rise pro forma to op-
pose the amendment. I have listened year
after year to the remarks of the gentleman
from Michigan on this subject.
Mr. CON GEE. And you will have to listen
to me every year until you heed me.
Mr. L. MYERS. I suppose the gentleman
has listened to me also. I have become dis
heartened in offering amendments to increase
the pay of letter-carriers, who are the hardest
worked class of employes under the United
States, who work more hours, undergo more
exposure, and receive less pay than any per
sons whom we employ. But year after year I
notice that the smaller cities come in and ask
the benefit of the free-delivery system, as they
have a right to do, because it is a benefit to
the people, and yet. whenever my amendment
is offered it is opposed by the Committee on
Appropriations, with whom I have no fault to
find because they act on their judgments and
refuse to properly pay the persons who give
them the advantage of the system.
Now, a great deal has been said about the
class of men who can be got to accept these
positions. I have said over and over again you
can get men to take these positions, but they
must starye almost unless their salaries are
raised to the proper amount, as they should be.
The gentleman from Michigan talks about
the postal system in the country districts and
the difficulty they sometimes have in getting
their mails, that they cannot get them for a
week. Well, the country and city are differ-
ent. We vote for the benefit of the country
districts. There are $6,000,000 appropriated
m this bill for a deficiency that the East and
the North must appropriate from the receipts
of its service to pay for postal aceommoda-
• tions m the South and West, and we gladly pay
for them. _ I vote whenever it is proper to do
it, and I do it frequently, for the agricultural
interests of the country, for the people who
live apart from cities. My vision is not con-
fined to the place in which I live. The gen-
tleman from Michigan speaks of this system as
if it should not be extended, and in that, at
least, he is consistent; but there is no argu-
ment adduced to the House to show that the
system should not be extended or that the
people who give us the benefit of it should
not be properly paid. In New York the free-
dehvery system is more than self-sustaining,
and .helps to pay for the facilities which are
furnished to the gentlemen's constituents. In
Philadelphia it has become about self-pay-
rng\i. t ye£ yoa say to those cit'es, who
tor these benefits return an amount of money
over and above the expense, that they shall
not have these employes properly paid. I
think the gentleman from Michigan lMr
Conger] would like to take away the free-
delivery system, altogether. That is a gross
injustice, and it shall not pass %vithout mv
opposition, '
Now, though I may not offer the amend-
ment which I desire to see adonted, still as
long as I sit here when those bills are re-
ported I will protest against the injustice of a
proposition which, while we pay proper gala-
