158
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 12,
State where the constitution requires every
man to pay an equal amount of taxes accord-
ing to his property if the Legislature should
provide that every lawyer, or every editor, or
every doctor should pay his taxes because the
constitution required it, but on producing to
the treasurer evidence that he had paid his
taxes the treasurer should pay the amount
back to him? "Why," says my honorable
friend, "he has paid his taxes; your constitu-
tion is answered; your law which provides that
the treasurer shall pay the money back to him
is not forbidden by the constitution." All that
refinement of reasoning on the Constitution
we especially of the Republican party to-day
ought to discountenance.
The great amendments which have added to
the Constitution more than the Constitution
before possessed will be stricken to the ground
by such constructions, and these constructions
are even now contended for in certain quar-
ters. We are to stand by the great principle
of constitutional law, that a constitution has a
spirit as well as a letter, and is to be obeyed
in both respects. The fifteenth article only
says that the right to vote shall not be
abridged ; but to vote means more than to put
>a paper into a hat. It means to have that bal-
lot counted and canvassed and returned, to
have it efficacious for the purpose for which it
was properly cast, namely, to secure the office
for the man to whom it was given if he has a
majority of votes; and any law which prevents
that result as much abridges the right to vote
as a law which says he shall not put the ballot
into the box. So when you go back to the
other provision, which provides that the duties
shall be uuiform throughout the United States,
a law which says that a man shall pay duties
'ike everybody else, but then take the money
back, is as much a violation of the Constitu-
tion as the act I have supposed would be of
the fifteenth amendment.
The Senator from Illinois also criticised
what I said as though I was speaking against
the rich and for the poor. " Why," he says,
" if a poor man has property should he not be
protected, and if a rich man has property
should he not be protected?" The Senator
from Illinois is borrowing my side of the
argument. That is what I claim. But here
is a poor tenant living in Boston with $5,000
worth of dry goods in.a store, paying so much
a month for his store, with a family living in a
garret overhead; the fire sweeps itaway, sweeps
away his stock of goods, sweeps away his
household furniture, sweeps away the ward-
robe of his wife and children, and with such
articles as they can catch up in their flight
they make to the street. That is not a case
for Congress to come in; that is a little case,
that is a poor man. If there is a man who
owns a block, a man worth ten millions, and
this fire has destroyed one million, that is a
great occasion, and we ought to make haste
to relieve him, and if it be objected that the
Constitution stands across our path, "Oh,
never mind the Constitution, let as go in on
the precedents!"
Mr. RAMSEY. There is no probability of
disposing of this bill to-day. I move that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of execu-
tive business.
I hope that we shall have
There is no probability of
Why not?
I think we
are ready to
Mr. SUMNER.
a vote.
Mr. RAMSEY.
coming to a vote.
Mr. SUMNER,
Mr. WILSON.
vote.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
is not debatable. The question is on the
motion of the Senator from Minnesota.
The motion was agreed to ; and the 8enate
proceeded to the consideration of executive
business. Aften ten minutes spent in execu-
tive session the doors were reopened, and the
Senate (at four o'clock and five minutes p. m.)
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, December 12, 1872.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
NATIONAL BANK OF LYONS, MICHIGAN.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I ask
unanimous consent that the bill (S. No. 1211)
to authorize the National Bank of Lyons, Mich-
igan, to change its location and name, be taken
from the Speaker's table for present consider-
ation.
There being no objection, the bill (S. No.
1211) was taken from the Speaker's table, and
read a first and second time.
The bill was read. It authorizes the National
Bank of Lyons, Michigan, upon the usual con-
ditions, to change its location to the village of
Ionia, county of Ionia, in the State of Michi-
gan, and provides that it shall hereafter do
business under the name of the Second N ational
Bank of Ionia, in the State of Michigan.
The bill was ordered to be read a third time,
and it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was
passed; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
AMENDMENT OF POSTAL CODE.
Mr. HILL, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 3128) to amend the
postal code laws in regards to seeds, bulbs,
&c. ; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the -Senate, by Mr. Symp-
son, one of its clerks, informed the House
that the Senate had directed him to request
the return of the bill (H. R. No. 3123) author-
izing the Secretary of the Navy to transport
in a Government vessel free of duty a mon-
ument designed by Admiral Porter to be
erected on the grounds of the Naval Acad-
emy at Annapolis, in meipory of the officers,
seamen, and marines who fell in defense of
the Union; also, of the bill (S. No. 1059)
authorizing the settlement of the claim of the
estate of the late Rear Admiral John A.
Dahlgren.
The message further announced that the
Senate had passed, without amendment, bills
of the House of the following titles :
A bill (H. R. No. 3125) to remove the dis-
abilities of Lucius Q. C. Lamar, of Mississippi;
A bill (H. R. No. 620) for the relief of
Thomas C. Martin, Emilia E. Martin, Jaae
G. Martin, and Leonor Martin, children of J.
E. Martin, deceased;
A bill (H. R. No. 1735) to provide for hold-
ing an adjourned term of the supreme court
of Arizona; and
A bill (H. R. No. 2332) to fix the salary of
the members of the Board of Health of the
District of Columbia.
The message further announced that the
Senate had passed bills of the following titles ;
in which the concurrence of the House was
requested:
A bill (S. No. 747) for the relief of B. H.
Randall;
A bill (S. No. 885) to reimburse George S.
Fisher for losses sustained in the building and
burning up of the consulate of the United
States at Kanagawa, Japan, November 26,
1866;
A bill (S. No. 1108) for the relief of George
R. Wilson; and
A bill (S. No. 1109) for the relief of Edward
Berry, John McFall, and William H. Judd.
MONUMENT AT ANNAPOLIS.
The SPEAKER. The Senate requests the
return of the bill (H. R. No. 3123) to author-
ize the Secretary of the Navy to transport in
a Government vessel free of duty a monument
designed by Admiral Porter to be erected in
the grounds of the Naval Academy at Annap-
olis, in memory of the officers, seamen, and
marines who fell in defense of the Union. Is
there objection?
There was no objection; and the bill was
ordered to be returned to the Senate.
EXCHANGE OF BONDS.
Mr. DAWES, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee of Ways and Means, reported
a bill (H. R. No. 3180) authorizing the ex-
change of registered bonds for coupon bonds;
which was read a first and second time.
Mr. DAWES. I ask that the bill be now
put upon its passage.
The bill was read. It authorizes the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to issue coupon bonds in
exchange for registered bonds, provided that
the expense of the issue of such bonds shall
be paid by the owner thereof, under such
regulations as the Secretary of the Treasury
shall prescribe.
Mr. HOLMAN. I presume this is a regular
report of the Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. DAWES. It is.
Mr. HOLMAN. This matter has been dis-
cussed during the last five or six years, and
the objection to it seems to be that it opens a
door for fraud on the Treasury, and encour-
ages the transfer of bonds to foreign capital-
ists.
Mr. DAWES. I will state what is the occa-
sion for the bill. While there is a sufficient
law for the exchange of coupon bonds into
registered bonds, there is no provision of law
for exchanging registered bonds into coupon
bonds. The consequence is that inasmuch as
registered bonds do not sell in the toreign
market because of the difficulty of exchange,
coupon bonds bear a higher price than reg-
istered bonds in the market. Registered bond.s
are lower in the market than coupon bonds,
and it follows that everybody who has regis-
tered bonds, except a few who desire to keep
them as a permanent investment, are pressing
for the opportunity to exchange them for cou-
pon bonds. It is thought at the Treasury
board, and the Secretary of the Treasury
so states in his report, that there can be no
possible objection, provided all the expense
of the exchange is borne by the party, to
have these bonds interchangeable, so that
when a man desires to change a registered
bond into a coupon bond he may have the
same privilege that he would have to change
a coupon bond into a registered bond.
Of course there can be no such thing as
increasing the public debt or changing the
rate of interest, for the one takes the place of
the other and cannot take any other place
than the other. It is supposed when this law
is passed that the bonds will be upon an equal-
ity in the market and the desire to exchange
them will cease at once.
It is hardly worth while to have this discrep-
ancy or distinction in the market value of our
bonds solely on a difficulty in changing the
form of a bond when no additional value is
added thereto. I think, thereforej there will
be no objection to the passage of this bill when
the members of the House come to under-
stand it.
Mr. HOLMAN. Mr. Speaker, it seems to
me when there is so slight a discrepancy be-
tween the coupon bonds and the registered
bonds, a measure which has been considered
so dangerous for the last eight years as to be
resisted by the Committee of Ways and Means
should not be inaugurated at this time. What
is proposed facilitates merely the sale and
transfer of the public securities to toreign
holders. It is true the Secretary of the Treas-
ury expressed the opinion that if this measure
be allowed to change registered for coupon
bonds no one will desire to make the exchange.
It must still be borne in mind that the motive
