1S73.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
im
ries in other places, limits the men who have
to work at times sixteen hours a day to the
miserable pittance of $800 a year where the
expenses of living are high ; and then at the
option of the Postmaster General allows it
to be increased, an option is frequently not
exercised uutil about the time the letter-carrier
is dying from exposure, or is compelled to
seek other employment.
[Here the hammer fell.J
Mr. CONGEE. I withdraw my amendment.
Mr. COX. I move to amend the amend-
ment by adding these words:
Provided, That the salaries of letter-carriers in
eities having more than fifty thousand inhabitants
shall bo increased to $1,200 per annum.
Now, I would like to learn from the Chair
wliat is the precise position of the question
before the House.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
Iowa [Mr. Cotton] has moved to amend the
bill by inserting after line thirty-two what the
Clerk will read.
The Clerk read as follows :
That commencing with the 1st day of July, 1873,
letter-carriers maybe employed for the free delivery
of mail matter as frequently as the public conven-
ience may require, at every place containing a pop-
ulation of twenty thousand, within the delivery of
its post office; and that for the purpose of employ-
ing carriers where not already employed at such
places, the sum of $100,000 is hereby appropriated
out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated.
The CHAIRMAN. The pending question
is upon the amendment moved by the gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. Cox] to the
amendment just read.
Mr. COX. I have offered an amendment
to increase the salaries.of letter-carriers in
the larger cities of more than fifty thousand
inhabitants. I have been, with my friend from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. L. Myers,] very anxious
■ to give these men a quantum, meruit, what
they really deserve for their work.
! Mr. COTTON. I raise the point of order
that the amendment to the amendment is new
legislation, and therefore not in order.
Mr. L. MYEES. It has been frequently
decided that amendments to increase salaries
are in order.
The CHAIRMAN. If the point of order
were well taken, it is too late, the amendment
to the amendment having been debated.
Mr. COX. I want to call the attention of
this committee, if I can get it, to one fact, that
in the smaller towns of less than ten thousand
inhabitants there is not such a necessity for
having this letter-carrier system, while in a
large city like New York it is indispensable
to have it. If you were to require all the in-
habitants of New York to go to the post office
for their letters, there would be such a long
line of them—you could not form a line of
them so that they could get their letters at all.
For such cities you must have this system.
And these men are very poorly paid. For
years I have been asking and demanding,
with my friend from Pennsylvania, [Mr. L.
Myers,] that these letter-carriers should be
more squarely paid. They work in summer
and winter for sixteen hours a day, and they
receive hardly any compensation, and have
t.o support their families. Prom time to time
the best of them have resigned.
Mr. BIRD. What is the compensation they
receive?
Mr. COX. But $800 a year, and they .are
compelled to pay for their uniforms out of that.
Mr. BIRD. Let me say to the gentleman
that there are a very great many people in this
country who do as hard work and for as ma,uy
hours as these letter-carriers, and yet receive
nothing like the same compensation.
Mr. COX. Why does not my friend from
New Jersey [Mr. Bird] bring in a bill to cut
down the salaries of officers in New York city
who do not do as much work as our letter-car-
riers, and yet receive $100,000 a year ?
Mr. BIRD. If the gentleman is aware.of offi-
cials who are thus over-compensated, whose
positions are sinecures, he should introduce a
measure to reform such abuses.
Mr. COX. I have done it again and again.
Mr. BIRD. The gentleman will find me
ready to vote for such a measure every time.
Mr. COX. I have no doubt of it. But I
want to ask the generosity of the House in
behalf of these men in our cities who make
five deliveries daily, who trudge through our
large cities day after day the year round, and
yet at the end of the year have nothing left
from their pay. I want an equalization of
their salaries to something like that received
by other Government employes who do work
not so laborious and valuable.
It is proposed to extend the letter-carrier
system to all cities having over twenty thou-
sand inhabitants. There is no necessity for
this system in our small towns; the people
there can get their letters at the post office ;
but in a large city we must follow the system
of delivery by letter-carriers, which has been
adopted by England and other countries. As
has been stated by the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. L. Myers,] this system in our
large cities has paid for itself. It will pay for
itself in all cities of over fifty thousand inhab-
itants, provided we have trustworthy carriers.
I hope the House, since we are raising salaries
generally, will extend a helping hand toward
this meritorious class of our public servants.
Mr. NIBLACK, of Indiana. Mr. Chair-
man, I do not know why a letter-carrier should
be paid more for carrying letters in a large
city than in a small city.
Mr. COX. Because the carriers in the large
cities do more work.
Mr. NIBLACK, of Indiana. That does not
follow at all. I venture the assertion that 
Mr. COX. With all respect to my friend
from Indiana, I wish to say that in the smaller
cities there is only one delivery a day, while
in the larger cities there are five. In other
words, the difference is between three hours
daily work and sixteen hours.
Mr. NIBLACK, of Indiana. That does not
obviate by any means the difficulty in my mind;
for my observation teaches me that enough
persons will always be employed in the public
service to do all the necessary labor without
greatly overworking anybody, especially in a
matter of this sort which concerns the patron-
age of members of Congress and the Depart-
ments of the Government.
Mr. L. MYERS. Does the gentleman think
that work for sixteen hours a day is not over-
work ?
Mr. PARKER, of New Hampshire. Do
not the postmasters find plenty of people who
are glad to take these positions at the present
pay?
Mr. L. MYERS. That argument has been
answered over and over again.
Mr. NIBLACK, of Indiana. I am not going
into the question of detail as to how much
work people may do ; and I do not undertake
to say what may be the labors of the letter-
carriers of Philadelphia, in whom the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania [Mr. L. Myers] takes
such special and praiseworthy interest.
Mr. L. MYERS. If the gentleman will
come and pay me a visit, I will give him a
chance of seeing for himself.
Mr. NIBLACK, of Indiana. I cannot be
interrupted further. I have no doubt that all
these letter-carriers are very willing to per-
form service for the pay they are now receiv-
ing; and, as a friend of mine has suggested,
there is no law requiring any of them to per-
form this service unless they wish to do so in
preference to other employments which are
always open to them.
Seriously, I do not want to make any per-
sonal application on this question or to be in-
vidious iu regard to the pay of this class of
men in our large cities. But I take it for
granted that, the Post Office Department does
its duty and employs no more men either in
ihe small or the large cities than the public
service actually requires, and that it assigns-to
them only such duties as it is reasonable to
expect men to perform according to their
physical ability. It is proposed to extend this
letter-carrier system to the smaller cities, and
this extension is, I believe, favored by th'e'
Post Office Department. Now, we eannot set
the example of paying increased salaries in
the large cities, because, as these things are
always contagious, the next proposition will
be that Congress shall increase the pay of let-
ter-carriers in the small cities, where, I agree,
they do not travel over so much territory, but
where they have duties to perform which are
just as onerous as the duties of letter-carriers
in the large cities. Therefore I insist we can-
not set the precedent in paying this increased
compensation in large cities.
The CHAIRMAN. The question is on the
amendment of the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Cox.]
Mr. COX. I withdraw my amendment.
Mr. SARGENT. I object; the House is
dividing.
Mr. L. MYERS. I wish to modify my
amendment. . •
Mr. SPEER. Does the gentleman know
how many letter-carriers there are t
Mr. COX. I withdraw my amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. Objection being made,
the gentleman cannot withdraw it while the
House is dividing.
The committee divided; and there were—
ayes 20, noes 79.
So the amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
message prom the president.
The committee informally rose; and a mes-
sage was received from the President of the
United States, by Mr. Babcock, one of his
Secretaries, notifying the House that he had
approved and signed the following bills:
An act (H. R. No. 1562) for the relief of
Captain Brice X. Blair, postmaster at Hunt-
ingdon, Pennsylvania ;
An act (H. R. No. 1803) for the relief of
H. H. Meredith, late postmaster at Wade,
Bedford county, Virginia ;
An act (H. R. No. 3617) making an appro-
priation to defray the expenses of the Amer-
ican and British claims commission, and for
other purposes ;
An act (H. R. No. 2499) granting a pension
to Mary A. Miller ;
An act (H. R. No. 2503) granting a pension
to Richard B. Crawford;
An act (H. R. No. 2512) granting a pension
to Susan W. Meehem ;
Au act (H. R. No. 2514) granting a pension
to Rosa Hoon;
An act (H. R. No. 2452) granting a pension
to Abigail Stukey;
An act (H. R. No. 254G) granting a pension
to Daniel Wooden;
An act (H. R. No. 2510) granting a pension
to Amos Farling;
An act (H. R. No. 2487) granting a pension
to Elizabeth Black;
An act (II. E. No. 2511) granting a pension
to Garrett Plemmitig;
An act (H. E. No. 2513) granting a pension
to Mary O'Donald ;
An act (H. R. No. 2525) granting a pension
to Lucinda Thompson;
An act (H. R. No. 2544) granting a pension
to Robert G. Wilson; and
An act (H. R. No. 2414) granting a pension
to Mrs. Abigail Chaplin.
post office appropriation bill. ,
The committee resumed its session.
Mr. L. MYERS. I will move an amend-
ment in order to give the gentleman for whom
we appropriate $6.000,000——
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I believe I have
the floor.
Mr. NIBLACK, of Indiana. I hope I will
be permitted to make a single remark, that we
can relieve ourselves of the objection of over-
