1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
2QSS
Bank of Springfield, Missouri, to change its
name; which was considered as iu Committee
of the Whole. It provides that the name of
the National Bank of Springfield, Missouri,
shall be changed to the First National Bank
of Springfield, Missouri, whenever the board
of directors of the bank shall accept the new
name by resolutions of the board, and cause a
copy of such resolutions, duly authenticated,
to |>e filed with the Comptroller of the Cur-
rency, but the acceptance is to be made within
six months after the passage of the act.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
HELEN M. 3TANSBUKY.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(H. R. No. 3833) increasing the pension of
Helen M. Stansbury; which was reported
adversely from the Committee on Pensions.
The bill was postponed indefinitely.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion to the Secretary passing over the adverse
reports? They can all be passed over, as it
makes very little difference at this period of
the session whether the bills are postponed
indefinitely or not. The adverse reports are
passed over.
j. snowden and son.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(H. R. No. 3871) referring the claim of J.
Snowden & Son to the Court of Claims.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. I object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
passed over.
erastus s. joslyn.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(H. R. No. 1499) for the relief of Erastas S.
Joslyn, of Washington Territory, which was
considered as in Committee of the Whole. It
proposes to pay $2,000, hereafter to be appro-
priated, to Erastus S. Joslyn, for the use and
occupancy of his farm in Washington Terri-
tory as an Indian reservation from the year
1856 to the year 1859, and for damage and
waste upon the land while so occupied ; which
sum shall be accepted by Joslyn in full satis-
faction and discharge of the United States on
account of the use and occupation of and dam-
ages to his farm.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to hear the
report read.
The Secretary read the report submitted by
Mr. Buckingham the 13th of February, as
follows:
The Committee on Indian Affairs, to whom was
referred the bill (H. B, 1,499) for the relief of Erastua
S. Joslyn, of Washington Territory, submit the fol-
lowing report: , , , _ ... ^ ..
From the evidence presented to the committee, it
appears that, in pursuance of an act or Congress
approved September 27, 1850, entitled An act to
create the office of surveyor general ot public ianas
in Oregon, and to provide for the survey and make
donations to settlers of public lands, one iirastus
S- Joslyn took up a tract of land, containing three
hundred and twenty acres, near the mouth ot tbe
White Salmon river, and occupied the same irom
the spring of 1853 to the spring of 1856, when it was
taken possession of by the Government, by order ot
Governor I. J. Stevens, superintendent of Indian
affairs in Washington Territory \ that the P**ce
occupied as an Indian reservation until IbOy; tnat
during those three years Mr. Joslyn was not Per-
mitted to occupy the place, and derived no oeneht
from it. Several affidavits show that the place was
thus occupied, and by the report qf the Commis-
sioner of Indian Affairs for the years 1867, l!>08, anrt
1859, it appears that the land, or a °
claimed by Joslyn, was occupied for Indian pur-
P°Xlfere are also affidavits which support the state-
ment of Joslyn in relation to the damage. to fen«®s
and the fruit orchard, as well as the value of the
rent, noneof whieh estimate the damage at less than
$1,000 nor the rent as being worth less uhan 8S.0W.
Your committee, therefore, recommend the pass
age of the bill without amendments.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to inquire
of the Senator who reported this bill, why the
provision is iu it that the money is to be appro-
priated hereafter? If this man has a just
claim, why do we not provide the money to
^BUCKINGHAM. My attention was
just called to that. There is a bill which
came from the House, and we reported it
without amendment. I think it ought to be
amended.
Mr. HAMLIN. That bill was undoubtedly
passed through the House infhat form to avoid
sending it through the Committee of the Whole
House on the state of the Union. If it goes
back to the House it will have to go to that
committee, and that is the end of it. If the
case be a meritorious one, let the bill pass,
and then let the appropriation be made at the
proper period of time. If there is ho merit in
it, let the bill go by.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. The Senator can
judge whether there is merit in it by the report
and by the action of the House. My own
judgment is that it would be better to.amend
it. I propose to amend it so that the appro-
priation be made in the bill.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Texas. I think that
bill had better go over.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. An-
thony in the chair.) The bill will" go over.
The next bill will be read.
customs officers at san francisco.
Mr. HOWE. The next is a Senate bill,
and it is objected to.
Mr. LOGAN. What is it?
The Chief Clerk. A bill (S. No. 1309) to
amend the acts relating to officers employed
in the examination of imported merchandise
in the district of San Francisco, State of Cali-
fornia.
montana indian war claims.
The next business on the Calendar was the
joint resolution (H. J. R. No. 23) to enable
the Secretary of War to pay the expenses
incurred in suppressing the Indian hostilities
in the Territory of Montana in the year 1807.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not want to object
to that bill at this moment, but I should like
to hear it explained and understand how much
it involves.
Mr. LOGAN. There is a report with the
bill. I will say to the Senator from Vermont
and to the'Senate generally that a commission
was appointed to investigate these claims, and
a report was made by General Hardie, In-
spector General of the War Department. He
was sent there for that purpose. His report
was made to the War Department and pre-
sented to the Congress of the United States by
the Secretary of War, recommending that an
appropriation be made. It went to the House,
was examined by the committee there, and a
very elaborate report made, giving all the
claims, each oue in detail, and the value of the
property and the reduction made by General
Hardie. That report was sent here with the
papers, referred to the Military Committee,
examined by the committee, recommended on
unanimously, and a bill reported. It was
then referred to the Committee on Appropri-
ations for the purpose of being acted on by
the Senate. So far as the claims are con-
cerned, I have no doubt, they have been thor-
oughly examined, and I have no doubt about
the propriety of paying them. If the Senator
wants to know the amount I cannot state the
amount, but it ranges between three and four
■hundred thousand dollars. I presume that
would be the amount.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to have the
report read.
• Mr. LOGAN. There is no question in the
world about the justice of these claims. They
have been examined and reexamined and rec-
ommended by the Secretary of War and by
every one who lias ever examined them. I
examined the question carefully; if the Sen-
ator will take my judgment in reference to
it, as carefully as I ever examined anything in
my life. The Senator from Maine [Mr. _Mor-
rill] examined it, and made the report in the
case.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to hear the
report read. < ,  
The PRESIDING OFFICJSPj. The report
is hot at the desk; it has been sent fu;\
Mr. LQGAjN, The inspector general cut
down the origin?,! claims aboyt foyty per cent.
Mr. BOREMAN. We ha$ tljjs subject be-
fore t<be Committee an Territories some two
or three years ago, and the best we coyld 4o
we could hot xnake out that there was $3.00,000
due by the Government, or mope, thai} spme
seventy thousand and odd dollars. It is a
singular sprt of claim. A sijrt of organisation
under Governor Meagher was formed of the
militia of the Territory in pursuance of some
military order made without law, as we thought.
At all events, the examination the Committee
on Territories gave it at one time satisfied me
that there ought not to be paid exceeding some
seventv-odd thousand dollars. I understand
this bill is for three or four qr five hundred
thousand dollars,
Mr, LOGAN. Thai wag the amount Qf tlie
claim. The amount to be paid under this Jrill
is fo be fixed by the Secretary of War, accord-
ing to the proof shown under the inspection of
General Hardie. I do not know what that
will amount to,
Mr. EDMUNDS. You ^l}ow> year to pre-
sent other claims not yet on file.
Mr. BOREMAN. The amount now, I un-
derstand, is three or fqur hundred thousand
dollars. Then they did not amount to §100,000
according to the proofs before the Committee
on Territories.
Mr. LOGAN. I beg to correct my friend
from West Virginia, because I do not know
what committee he has referred to when he
says he has examined it- 
Mr. BOREMAN. The Committee_ on Ter-
ritories spent a great deal of time on it.
Mr. LOGAN. This case has been investi-
gated before the Military Committee of the
House and evidence was taken before that
committee, and they made a report; but it is
too elaborate to take up time in reading it
now. Ia that report the committee of the
House give each claim _ and the testimony
showing the validity of it, and showing that
each one w^s examined by General Hardie
and investigated to the fullest extent. These
are the facts in reference to it, and on these we
acted. .
Mr, NYE. I want to say only a word. If
I understood the Senator from West Virginia,
my recollection does not exactly agree with
his. The original claim when it first came in
was about $1,400,000. We .asked the War
Department to give us what information they
had on the subject. It is for enlisting volun-
teers and feeding them. Troops w^re put into
the field, as it appeared before our committee,
by a telegram from General Sherman, then
commanding that department, apd by this
telegram Colonel Hardie was directed to go
from Salt Lake up there and see to the receipt
of provisions. He went, and then he was
directed by the War Department tq make out
a statement in full of what the bill was and
what the tilings that they received were worth
in cash at the time they took them. He did
make that report and the Committee on Terri-
tories recommended the passage of the measure
then proposed in a bill determining the amount.
The claim has been four times examined by
four different committees of both Houses, and
they have reported this amoimtjtaking Hardie s
estimate of the actual things received and
what they were worth in money. It is time
these people were paid and I really hope it
will he allowed- I have pot heard of it tor
three years before, and I recollect with what
care we examined the claim.
Mr. CONKLING. I know no reason why
this claim should not be paid, although I have
no knowledge about it which would warrant
me, upon my own information alone,in voting
for it. I rise, however, to call attention to one
l thing in order that some suggestion in regard
