ll 0
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 12.
tered bouds, of requiring their transfer at the
Treasury in Washington, is obviated. They
can be sold instantly like any railroad or bank
stock. The bank collects every six months
the interest on the entire number of bonds
which it thus holds in trust; and the ordinary
deposit of this serai-annual interest, in the
course of business, for the time the owner
would naturally allow the money to remain,
is sufficient to constitute an entire compensa-
tion to the bank for the transaction of the
whole business.
The result is that the bond being registered
is absolutely secure from loss by fire or by
robbery ; the interest is collected and paid
over semi-annually; and the bond is trans-
lerable by an easy and instant sale just as a
coupon bond is.
The only disadvantage of a bond thus regis-
tered, as compared with the present coupon
bond, i-i that you cannot cut otf a coupon and
sell it in advance of its tailing due, as the
present owner of a coupon bond sometimes
does. But, as an offset to this, it may be said
that the bank can at any time discount for the
holder of this certificate of deposit, theamoant
of his interest coming due at a future period,
on his depositing with the bank as security the
certificate that the owner holds such a bond,
which would prevent any sale of the bond in
the mean time.
It seems to me, 011 very full reflection, that
this provision of the bill now before the Com-
mittee on Buuking and Currency (and so far
as its chairman lias examined the matter, I
understand it meets his approbation) will
entirely obviate the present difficulty arising
from the liability of bonds to loss by fire and
robbery. I should be very glad, therefore,
if my distinguished colleague [Mr. Dawes]
would allow his bill to be printed and go over
for a single day, in order that we may consider
in connection with it this other proposition.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I concur
with my colleague who has just spoken [Mr.
Hoar] in the hope that the chairman ot the
Committee of Ways and Means will allow this
bill to be printed and its consideration post-
poned for a day or two. I may state that in
firmer years this same proposition has been
submitted to the Committee of Ways and Means
and has never met their approval, their objec-
tion being based upon the ground that, as by
the registered bonds the Government is made
entirely secure against the possibility of fraud
by means of spurious or counterfeit bonds or
coupons, while the holders of the investment
are protected from loss by fire or other acci-
dent, it is expedient therefore to encourage as
much as possible the holding of registered in
preference to coupon bonds. The coupon
bonds give a facility to stock operators; but
1 think the interests of the community gener-
ally are advanced by the holding of registered
in preference to coupon bonds, the latter being
so liable to loss by robbery, by fire, or other
accidental cause, while the Government is sub-
jected to the danger of counterfeits of either
the bonds themselves or the coupons.
It seems to me this bill breaks down one
of the safeguards of the Department, and I
repeat the hope that the chairman of the
committee will allowthe bill to be printed and
laid over for a day or two.
Mr. DAWES. I do not see the slightest
conflict between the measure suggested by my
colleague [Mr. Hoar] and that which I have
presented. I can see that his bill will secure
some advantages to a large class of bond-
holders unaffected by the bill which I have
reported, which ha3 no design to affect that
class at all. If there are any objections to the
plan suggested by my colleague they have
nothing to do with the operations of this bill.
How my colleagae can expect that bonds which
go into the market in large transactions, or
those which are negotiated abroad by the hun-
dred million dollars, can be tied up in a bank
in Massachusetts, or any other bank—even that
bank to which my friend by his care, sagacity,
and integrity has given so much credit—how he
can suppose that any bond so tied upcan by any
sort of certificate that can be sent out pass
current in the markets of the world, I do not
understand.
I can see very well that in Massachusetts a
certificate from his bank or from any other
bank like his would be serviceable and desir-
able to a man who wishes to hold bonds of the
United States in such a manner as will give
him least trouble. But if gentlemen appre-
hend that the whole financial transactions of
the Government can be conducted in such a
restricted channel, they do not, it seems to
me, comprehend the great nature of those
transactions at the present day. If the hold-
ers of these new securities, $200,000,000 of
which have been negotiated, and three or four
hundred million dollars of which are ready to be
negotiated, are not to be allowed the privilege
of exchanging registered bonds for coupon
bonds and coupon bonds for registered, tinder
such regulations as the Secretary of the Treas-
ury may prescribe, the Secretary himself see-
ing the necessity and urging the passage of
this measure, then it seems to me gentlemen
mistake the purpose and scope of this bill.
If the gentleman desires to see the bill in
print, or thinks another scheme can be pro-
posed much better than this, 1 have no desire
to press the consideration of the bill at this
time.
Mr. WOOD. Mr. Speaker, I can see no
possible objection to this bill, but I see it may
be of very great advantage in facilitating com-
merce and trade. To the Government there
is no difference in the character and value of
these bonds, but to the trading community,
the banker, the capitalists, the people gener-
ally, there is a very material difference. We
all know the registered bonds have a value for
certain purposes, whereas the coupon bonds
have all the value of the registered bonds so far
as security is concerned, and an additional
value in the facility with which they can be
tranferred from individual to individual.
Now, so far as we propose to make it
optional with the holder to transfer from one
to the other at his own cost, not at the cost of
the Treasury, I see no detriment to the Gov-
ernment, but I see in this facility of transfer
good to the trade and commerce of the coun-
try. Therefore I am in favor of this bill.
I am in favor, Mr. Speaker, of going further
if this were the time and it were proper to
state it. I would very much like to see the
Government do something to relieve the
moneyed interests of this country. I should
like to see the Government, so far as it can
legitimately and consistently with its limited
powers, grant facilities to further develop the
commerce and the resources of the country.
We find in the city of New York, the moneyed
center of the country, a most lamentable con-
dition of things, where a few capitalists by the
manipulations of a few million dollars abso-
lutely control the whole moneyed interest of the
country, and put at bay the very power of the
Secretary himself. Now, sir, while I do not
believe it is the province or the prerogative of
the Treasury Department to interfere in any
way with private individual interests, yet I do
believe we can so use these bonds, that we can
souse the bonds and currency in our hands as to
grant facilities by loans on the hypothecation
of bonds to individuals at a fixed rate of in-
terest, which would prevent the lamentable,
destructive, revolutionary condition of things
we have to-day in the city of Ne^v York, where
money is one sixteenth to one eighth percent,
a day loaned on the very best security which
can be obtained.
But that ts not the object to us. I am glad
this bill has been introduced. 1 can see some
good to come out of it, while I can see no harm
either to the people or to the Government.
Therefore 1 hope it will pass.
Mr. BURGHAKD. Sir. Speaker, the ap-
prehensions expressed by the chairman of the
Committee on Bunking and Currency, which
he says heretofore deterred the Committee of
Ways and Means from favoring the conversion
of registered bonds into coupon bonds, it seems
1 to me have not been confirmed by experience,
for we find the Secretary of the Treasury, who
ought to know whether there is any probability
of loss or fraud upon the Treasury resulting
from such conversion, advises the passage of
this measure. Again, we find thatcoupon bonds
bear a higher market price than registered
bonds, showing that there are not in circula-
tion to any great extent spurious or counter-
feit coupon bonds, which was feared would be
the case, and would affect their market value.
If there were in circulation a large number of
spurious or counterfeit coupon bonds the mar-
ket value of the coupon bonds would neces-
sarily be affected and lowered ; so that the
people and the Treasury both confirm the view
taken by the committee, that no harm or dis-
advantage need be feared in permitting the
conversion of registered bonds into coupon
bonds.
The proposition of the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts, [Mr. Hooper,] suggested as an
amendment or a substitute for the measure
reported by the Committee of Ways and
Means, has no connection with the latter. It
does not conflict with the provisions of this
bill. It is a matter properly to be considered
by the Committee on Banking and Currency,
and is before them at this time. After we
have the report of that committee on that
measure it will be time to act upon it. We
ought to dispose of this bill without reference
to that proposition. I therefore trust that
action will be taken without delay, and upou
the single proposition presented in the bill.
Mr. COX. I should like to ask the gentle-
man from Massachusetts why the Secretary of
the Treasury desires to transfer this form of
our securities now, when he is at the same time
endeavoring to negotiate for the four and a
i half and five per centsunder this " syndicate "
of which we have heard something ?
Mr. DAWES. I can state the principle
indicated by the gentleman's colleague is that
everything which facilitates exchange contrib-
utes to our prosperity.
Mr. COX. The gentleman does not exactly
understand my question.
Mr. DAWES. It has no connection with
negotiating new bonds any more than it has
with the old bonds. There has been a differ-
ence of opinion which has been growing up
every year that these bonds enter more and
more into the commercial transactions of our
people. Every year they participate more
and more in these transactions as the medium
of exchange, and everything that facilitates
exchanges contributes to that result. It is
] very desirable they should have every facility
' in exchanging these bonds, in carrying on
their commercial transactions. By so doing
I we bring the people into familiarity with them,
i It will make them of more interest to the
people to hold, and give them greater value
to the Government, and it will give the Gov-
ernment greater hold upon the people.
I cannot see what in the world can be the
slightest objection to this, inasmuch as it is
only on the application of the holder of the
bonds, he paying all the expenses, that the
transfer can be niade.
Mr. COX. My objection to this bill is that
I do not want to aggrandize the power of the
Secretary of the '.treasury any further, and I
do not want to give any further facilities for
people to go on and speculate. After all our
dickerings here about the currency and our
bonds, we will be bound in the end to come to
the only panacea, and that is the resumption
of specie payments, which gentlemen m the
next Congress at least ought to provide for,
if they cannot in this.
I see it stated in the newspapers that the
Secretary of the Treasury intends to place
