2084
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
to it may appear upon the record. The last
proviso in this joint resolution is that nothing
shall be paid to any attorney or to any person
except the original claimant and his personal
representative. Although I know the safe-
guard of that provision, I regret that it is here,
and I think it very unfortunate. I think so
because in a case of constituents of my own, a
firm, the very goods for which this demand
exists were furnished and they took an assign-
ment of the claim against the Government,
paying one hundred cents in the dollar for it,
and it belongs to them upon every principle
of law and equity and justice; and now we
are to pass a bill which, if it were executed
literally, might enable the assignee of this firm
who took in good faith and paid fall value for
the demand, to receive the money and render
no account of it to the person to whom it is
really due. I am glad to see the chairman of
the Committee on Military Affairs in his seat,
because I want to know whether he justifies
me in saying that his understanding and the
understanding of otHers who know the most
about this is that, notwithstanding the pro-
vision to which I have called attention, bona
fide holders of this sort are to be respected in
the ultimate adjustment of the account. If
my friend does so understand, I shall be glad
to know it.
Mr. LOGAN. I will say to the Senator from
New York that that proviso was added to the
bill in the House after it was reported from the
Committee on Military Affairs. It was added
by a gentleman who moved it, there was no
time to discuss it, and it was adopted and put
on the bill. If there was time I should ask to
strike it out of the bill, but there is not time to
do it and have the bill passed. That is the
reason that I ask to have it passed without
amendment.
Mr. CONKLING. If the bill shall pass I
should be very glad to be able to find and have
my constituents find the word of my friend on
the record.
Mr. LOGAN. I have no word to give about
it, only my understanding. Thatis all. I am
not responsible. I do not know anything about
the claimants.
Mr. CONKLING. The Senator has stated
the origin of this proviso, that it does not come
from his committee.
Mr. LOGAN. It does not. It was put on
in the House after the bill was reported from
the Committee on Military Affairs. The Com-
mittee on Military Affairs reported the bill
without the proviso, which was added to it in
the House.
Mr. CONKLING. I add for myself to
what my friend has said a statement that I
believe it would be very unjust, not to use a
stronger term, to allow any original claimant
who has received full value for his claim,
especially where the value was paid in the very
goods he furnished the Government, to take
his money and leave his assignee without
any account being rendered to him; and
therefore if the bill is passed in this form I
hope the Department will find some way of
holding on to the money until it is clear that
nobody receives it who is not entitled.
Mr. THURMAN. I am so ignorant on this
subject I must beg a little light from the com-
mittee that reported this bill. What I want
to know, if the chairman of the Committe on
Military Affairs can tell me without too much
trouble, is first, how much we have paid already
on account of the Montana war debt.
Mr. LOGAN. I understand that you have
not paid one dollar.
Mr. THURMAN. That is very satisfactory
so far. Now how much will be paid under this
bill if it passes?
Mr. LOGAN. I stated a while ago, probably
between three and four hundred thousand dol-
lars; not in excess of that.
Mr. THURMAN. When was that debt
incurred by the Montana territorial govern-
ment?
Mr. LOGAN. I do not remember the exact
date.
Mr. NYE. About five years ago. It was
in 1867.
Mr. THURMAN. That was a private war
on tlieir own account, was it not?
Mr. NYE. No, it was an Indian war, and
they acted under the direction of General Sher-
man.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then why was it not paid
at the Department?
Mr. NYE. I can tell the Senator.
Mr. LOGAN. If the Senator will allow me
I wish to say a word. I do not care anything
about the bill so far as I am concerned, but it
does seem to me that these suspicions that
hover around every bill of this kind are very
strange. I want the Senator from Ohio to
hear what I am saying. These people are as
justly entitled to pay as you are foryour salary.
They furnished in good faith the provisions
that were eaten by the troops ; they furnished
in good faith the ammunition that was used;
and they have never received a dollar of pay.
If they were deceived by the commanders or
those in charge it was not their fault.
To say that it was a private war is a very
poor argument, it seems to me. If the people
there were required to furnish their horses,
their corn, their provisions to supply the
troops, and did it in good faith, they ought to
be paid; and while gentlemen are voting here
every day to pay rebels for feeding troops you
refuse to vote to pay loyal men for feeding
troops. We see that here every day. If a
claim comes from a northern Territory or a
northern State, it is criticised and refused to
be paid almost in every instance; but if it
comes from anywhere else it is all right. I
do not care so far as I am concerned or the
committee that I represent. If gentlemen
here are suspicious and think that our judg-
ments are not to be trusted, that our integrity
is not to be trusted, and they will not believe
a statement when we make it, then I am will-
ing they shall lay aside everything that comes
from our committee.
I stated that the case was examined fairly
and properly, and the evidence produced; it
was examined by two or three different com-
mittees and two or three different reports made
on the subject, and a special report was made
to the War Department and payment recom-
mended by the Secretary of War. The In-
spector General weut on the ground, received
the property, and estimated the value of it.
The Government got the benefit of it, and
then reduced the value forty per cent, from
the charge estimated there by the people fur-
nishing the supplies. The allowance is forty
per cent, less than the articles were valued
at, which were absolutely furnished by the
people to the troops. These are the facts.
Whether the total sura amounts to $300,000
or $10,000,000 does not affect the justice of
the claim one particle. It is a just and honest
claim, in my judgment.
Mr. THURMAN. I really did not suppose
that a very civil inquiry, as I thought it, in
order to get some iniormation to enable me to
vote understandingly on this bill, would cause
quite so much heat and cause me, if it was
intended to be directed toward me, to be
charged with attacking the Military Committee.
I am very chary about attacking any com-
mittee, especially one composed of military
men. They are a very dangerous kind of
people to tackle, and I am a little afraid of
them. [Laughter.]
Mr. President, I wanted to know simply
what were the facts of this case. I had heard
that this was a war made not by authority but
against authority, and I thought I was entitled
to know if that were the fact. I had heard
that instead of being a war made by order of
the military commander of the United States
Army or auy military authority, it was made
against his orders. I am very happy to be
corrected, but that is what I had heard.
Mr. NYE. I want to say to the Senator
that there were no regular troops in Montana,
and during General Meagher's time as Gov-
ernor be was authorized to call out troops.
Mr. THURMAN. What troops were em-
ployed?
Mr. NYE. Volunteers. The General of
the Army authorized them to raise'eight hun-
dred troops and to supply them, and General
Hardie was ordered up there to receive the
goods. He did receive them by advertisement,
and that is the foundation of the claim. The
people who furnished the supplies have never
been paid. „
Mr. EDMUNDS. I asked some time ago
in order that we might get at the facts, to which
I presume the chairman of the Committee on
Military Affairs does not object, to have his
report read so that we might see exactly how
the case is stated. Of course I have the high-
est respect for him and his committee, but still
we must all act on the facts as they are re-
ported. I ask for the reading of the report.
Mr. LOGAN. I will say to the Senator
from Vermont, inasmuch as he is so facetious,
that I have not objected to any reading of the
report; but when he turns around to me and
says, " if the chairman does not object to hav-
ing the report read," I ask him why that
remark? I have not made any objection. It
is strange that we cannot get along without
these short and sharp cuts all the time. I
asked for the report to be read myself some
time ago.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Spen-
cer in the chair.) The Clerk will read the
report.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Before the Clerk reads
the report, feeling much like my friend from
Ohio, I wish to apologize to the Military Com-
mittee for having suggested that the report
had better be read, for I see it is a little dan-
gerous.
Mr. TRUMBULL. While the Secretary is
looking for the report I will say one word
about this claim. I was in Montana in 1869.
These difficulties arose a year or two before
that, and I heard about these claims, and I
saw merchants at Helena and other parties
who told me how the facts were in reference
to them. These troops were called out undei
General Meagher, who was at the time the
acting Governor of Montana ; there were In-
dian troubles there which led to the calling
out of volunteers. He considered himself
authorized to call for them uuder the author-
ity of General Sherman. I know nothing
about this authority; but the troops were
called out, and there were merchants up there,
as I was informed, and I have no doubt cor-
rectly at the time, who had been ruined in con-
sequence of receiving no pay for flour and
bacon and the other supplies that were fur-
nished for the men who were called out. They
had not received one dollar, and I understand
up to this time have never been paid at all.
Mr. THURMAN. Will the Senator allow
me to ask him a question ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Yes, sir.
Mr. THURMAN. If General Sherman had
authority to call out the militia of Montana,
and I do not say he had not—I presume he
had or he would not have made the call—why
have not these accounts been paid ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Department did
not pay them. They were objected to, as I
understand, because they were extravagant.
The claims were said to be too large, and
General Hardie was sent out by the War De-
partment a year or two ago to investigate these
matters and ascertain how much ought to be
paid. Supplies in Montana at that day were
very expensive; flour, potatoes, bacon, and
everything else was very expensive. The War
Department sent out General Hardie, who is
a very worthy and excellent officer, a careful
man, and he investigated these matters and
has recommended a certain allowance. I do
not know what it is, but the Government ought
