THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 5,
ijfork on the part of these letter-carriers by
providing we shall pay them by the hour.
Mr. FARNS WORTH. I move informally
to slrike out the last word.
Mr. Chairman, the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads were in favor of the
proposition of the gentleman from Iowa, [Mr.
Cotton,] to extend the letter-carrier system
to towns of twenty thousand inhabitants and
upward. Heretofore I have endeavored to
make the old law restrictive to cities of fifty
thousand inhabitants, but the House has
always decided not to sustain me in that.
The letter-carrier system has been extended
to a good many cities of less than fifty thou-
sand inhabitants, and to some which are not
entitled to it, and which have less than twenty
thousand inhabitants. I see no reason why it
should not be made uniform, or why, if it be
granted to one of less than twenty thousand,
it should not be granted to others. Under the
present Ia;w it is directory upon the Postmaster
General that the letter-carrier system shall
be established in cities of fifty thousand in-
habitants and upward. Importunity at the
Department has prevailed on the Postmaster
General to extend it to towns of nineteen
thousand inhabitants. It is difficult to take it
away from cities which have already enjoyed
the advantage of the free-delivery system,
and while it is very difficult to relieve cities
which have enjoyed this luxury of Ietter-car-
- rier system, it is easy to extend it to others
in this country which have not had it. It is
much easier to extend it to those which have
not had it than to take it away from those which
have had it. Therefore, as a matter of equal
and exact justice, we have determined it should
be extended to towns of twenty thousand in-
habitants and upward.
The letter-carrier system is a great conven-
ience to all the cities where it exists. It is
not only a convenience but almost a necessity
in the country. The great mass of correspond-
ence in this country is carried on between busi-
ness towns and in a much larger proportion
than in the country. It is a convenience not
only to the town which has it but to the people
who are in correspondence with that town.
It is not only a convenience but almost a ne-
cessity their letters should be distributed as
promptly as possible. A man in the country
desiring to send a letter to the city of Albany,
it is distributed and sent to its destination and
an answer returned the same evening. So it
is all oyer the country. Nevertheless it is an
expensive luxury. The entire local corre-
spondence of any town is not owing to the car-
rier system by any means. There would be
loeal correspondence if you had no carrier
system. The local postages of the offices now
having a letter-carrier system amounted last
year to $907,361, while the salaries to the
carriers amounted to $1,883,393. Neverthe-
less I would not take it away j for these cities
that have the carrier system, after all pay a
revenue to the Department. If you take into
consideration the whole amount of postage
collected in these various cities, you will find
that it much more than pays all the expenses
°'their offices, carrier system and all.
It is impossible, in the Post Office service,
that we can be logically exact and entirely
equal in the distribution of its favors. You
cannot make the Post Office Department ex-
actly self-sustaining in any one locality, and
in some localities must tax the people very
largely for the deficiency in other localities.
r .r. re " committee determined in fayor
of this proposition. I think it is the fairest
proposition that can be entertained by the
House. At the same time we are decidedly
opposed to increasing the salaries of the letter-
carriers. While they are a hard-worked, very
industrious, and very meritorious class of men
it is a fact that they receive now more pay than
the highest class of mechanics in the towns
wnere they serve.
[Here the hammer fell. J
Mr. CONGER. I am very glad this discus-
sion has called out from the chairman of the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads,
the denial so plain and so distinct that this
letter-carrier system is self-sustaining, that
it pays, as gentlemen have asserted here on
this floor, and as I believed it did .not, and as
I cannot see how under the present law it can.
The letter delivered by the letter-carrier is a
three-cent letter and the letter delivered in the
wilderness is a three-cent letter. But while
one of my constituents travels three, five, or
ten miles—for in the country we cannot have
post offices nearer to one another than five or
six miles—while one of my constituents, and
the same is true of the constituents of most
of the members of this House, must travel
two, three, five, or ten miles to deliver a letter,
losing two or three hours, or perhaps half a
day, these gentlemen in the cities have only
to sit in their arm-chairs, at their desks, and
receive their letters put into their hands,
including that very letter which has been sent
with such trouble from the country. I do not,
however, complain that these conveniences
are extended to the cities, but I do complain
that that tax upon our postal system of
$1,300,000 a year prevents the extension of
the mail routes, and prevents the establish-
ment of post offices which are necessary.
Mr. COX. Will the gentleman allow me to
make a single remark?
Mr. CONGER. Not in my five minutes.
It is seldom 1 interfere with the gentleman from
New York.
Mr. COX. I always let the gentleman in
when I have the floor.
Mr. CONGER. Now, I say that this in-
creased burden on the postal service of the
country does deprive the constituents of three
fourths of the members of this House of the
ordinary, usual, and necessary mail facilities,
or at least it helps in that direction. And gen-
tlemen, as I know, have petitioas from their
constituents weekly and daily, as I have, for
increased mail facilities for new post offices,
that shall prevent the necessity of their going
miles upon miles to get their mails, and they
can only get their letters weekly in some cases,
twice a week in others, and three times a week
in others. And yet these gentlemen sit here
and allow the city members to impose on the
postal service an expense of $1,300,000, shut-
ting the doors against meeting the wants of
their own people. I do not care how much
the facilities are extended in the cities. Let
a cent postage be had and we will pay it all up.
But tbe postage remains the same, with deliv-
ery and without delivery; and I have been com-
pelled to answer to my people year after year
since I have represented them here—I have
been compelled to give them the answer of the
Department, that their weekly mail servic6
must suffice, or their semi-weekly service or
their tri-weekly service must suffice, and I have
been compelled to tell them they must con-
tinue to travel five or ten miles to deliver their
letters, though their business may be just as
urgent as that of the people in the cities.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I withdraw the
amendment.
Mr. COX and Mr. KELLEY rose.
Mr. COX. I renew the amendment for the
purpose of saying one word.
Ihe CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Kelmsy] has been recog-
nized by the Chair,
Mr. COX. That is all right; he is on my
side. J
Mr. KELLEY. I move to amend the
amendment by making the amount $105,000
instead of $100,000. 1 do so, not because I
wish to enter into this discussion generally,
but in order to say that this service is as much
tor the people of the interior of the country as
it is for the people of the cities. It may be a
great convenience for me to have my letters
brought by a carrier, but it is no less a con-
venience to a person in the remote interior
who is writing to me to have these letters de-
livered to me. It is a service for all the cor-
respondence of the country, whether in cities
or in rural districts. It is carrying a letter to
one, but it is also carrying a letter from one
who may live in a neglected portion of the coun-
try of the gentleman from Michigan. This is a
service rendered to the whole people, and it has
been found in this country, as it has been in
England, that in proportion as it is extended we
add to the revenues of the postal Department.
When it is known to the people on the seaboard
and the people in the interior that their letters
will reach their correspondents they write ; but
when they write frequently and get no answer
they cease to correspond ; and it is that class of
people, not merchants, not people with organ
ized business, but people I may almost say of
desultory habits, who are accommodated by the
carrier service. Your servant woman, if there
are no carriers, must devote half a day in going
to the post office to learn whether there is a
letter for her. Your artisan must lose half a
day's work occasionally that he may go to the
post office to learn whether there is a letter for
him, if he be absent from his family. There-
fore, it has been found, not only in our own
large cities, but in England especially, that as
the carrier system is extended the postal charge
is diminished ; the business increases so rapidly
as to more than compensate for the service.
Prior to 1862 we had a dispatch company in
Philadelphia known as "Blood's Dispatch."
It carried, at aless rate than the United Stales
Government, local letters, and the result was
that it made a profitable business by merely
carrying local letters, while the Post Office
Department was in arrears every year. In
1862 legal proceedings were taken for tbe sup-
pression of" Blood's Dispatch," and the postal
charge was reduced to the same rate that
Blood's company had formerly charged. And
now the carrier service, vastly extended and
improved, is a self-sustaining department, and
our office is contributing to the general ex-
penses of the postal service. I am, therefore,
in favor of extending the service to all cities
of twenty thousand inhabitants, and personally
I would favor its extension to cities of ten
thousand inhabitants. 1 hope thereby to hasten
the time when mails can be furnished in Mich-
igan and other interior States more frequently
than at present. I believe our true policy is
to follow in the wake of the English people
since Rowland Hill taught them that cheap
postage and prompt delivery was the way to
make the postal system self-sustaining.
Mr. DAWES obtained the floor.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I ask unani-
mous consent that after the speech of the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts debate may close
upon this paragraph.
Mr. COX. I object.
Mr. DAWES. I desire to call the attent ion
or the committee to one peculiar phase of this
debate. It is not unusual, as every one here
knows, to oppose post office appropriations
because they do not come up to the self-sus-
taining standard. I do not know that any
appropriation bill ever passed unless there was
opposition made to it on that ground ; but for
the first time the opposition, that comes from
the West and the new parts of the country
only, is that post office facilities are being car-
ried at arm's length and by main strength.
It you analyze the post office revenue of the
country you will find that three fourths of it
all are derived from a very narrow compass,
and any suggestion like that suggested by my
hberal friend from Michigan, [Mr. Conger,!
that post office facilities should go no further
than they are self-sustaining, would be i he
last rule that should apply to a fair and proper
administration of the Post Office Department
and I will venture to say, without offense io
turn, that it operates to the injury of his sec-
tion of. the country as much as to any other
section of the country. Why, Mr. Chairman,
