1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1125
we pay hundreds and thousands of dollars
annually to carry the mails over the Rocky
mountains, and there is no locality to which
the mails come under that system that can
bring to the expense of it one tittle or one
tithe of the necessary expenditure, and yet,
sir, he has forgotten that it is a part of one
system, a whole that no party in any particu-
lar locality can claim as exclusively their
privilege because a greater portion of the
revenue is collected in their locality. The
mistake he makes is this: it is not for Phil-
adelphia or for Boston that the Post Office
system is furnished to them; it is furnished
to Boston and to Philadelphia for mail facili-
ties to the whole Union. It is San Francisco
and Carson City that find their mail facilities
at Boston, at Philadelphia, and New York, as
well as New York finds hers in the West. It
is a system that cannot be separated. It should
be extended to the utmost limit of the capa-
bilities and exigencies of the Government, and
never should we for one moment stop to ascer-
tain whether it is self-sustaining or not.
The expense attaching to communication
between the different portions of the country
should be brought to the very lowest point
that the condition of the Treasury of the
United States will justify. But never should
we stop to inquire whether we get from the
people in any particular locality enough to
pay for the facilities afforded them. We should
inquire whether our revenues as a whole and
our expenditures as a whole will justify us in
reducing still further the expenses that are
necessarily attachable to otherwise free com-
munication between man and man throughout
the whole limit of the country. Whether a man
lives with one hundred thousand or one million
others in one place, or whether he be in the
lonely wilds of the West, he has a right, so far
as the Government is able to furnish him with
these facilities, to have just as free communi-
cation with his fellow-man if he lives in one
place as in the other.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. KELLEY. 1 now propose to withdraw
my amendment to the amendment.
Mr GARFIELD, of Ohio. I object to the
withdrawal of the amendment. I want some
limit to this debate.
The question was taken on the amendment
of Mr Kelley to increase the appropriation
from 8100,000 to $105,000 ; and it was not
agreed to.
Mr. L. MYERS. I desire to offer an amend-
ment.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I move that
the committee now rise for the purpose of
obtaining an order from the House to limit
debate on the pending paragraph.
Mr. L. MYERS. I desire to offer an amend-
ment to the amendment, and do not wish to
speak long.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Time enough
will be allowed by the House.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. L. Myers] is entitled to
the floor.
Mr. L. MYERS. I move to amend the
pending paragraph by adding thereto the
following:
Provided, That the salary of letter-carriers under
the tree-delivery system shall be $1,000 per annum
for the first two years of their service, and after two
y oars' service it shall be at the rate of $1,200 per
annum.
Mr. McGREW. Is not that new legislation,
and therefore out of order ?
Mr. L. MYERS. An amendment to increase
salaries is in order.
The CHAIRMAN. According to the prac-
tice heretofore followed by the House and the
Committee of the Whole, the Chair must rule
the amendment to the amendment in order.
Mr. L. MYERS. I do not desire to discuss
this oft-debated subject. But in answer to
several requests, I wish to call the attention
of the Committee of the Whole to a few figures.
Several gentlemen have asked how many car-
riers there are under the free delivery system
at present. There are but fourteen hundred
and forty three of them. I find the increase
in 1873 over the preceding year in mail letters
delivered is fifteen millious; in local let-
ters delivered, six millions: in newspapers
delivered, four millions; and in letters col-
lected, nearly three millions. The increased
cost of the carriers, including all incidental
expenses, is but $32,000, and the increased
postage on local matter is $149,231 over the
preceding year.
The whole amount that would be necessary
under the amendment which I have offered
would not be more than the increased receipts
during the next fiscal 'year. As has been well
said by the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means, [Mr. Dawes,] what is for
the benefit of one of these places is for the
benefit of the whole country. And I again
call attention to the fact that while by this bill
we appropriate over $6,000,000 from the Treas-
ury of the United States to supply deficiencies,
and for a number of years have appropriated
at least $5,000,000 annually from the Treasury
of the United States to supply deficiencies,
it has been appropriated for mail facilities, and
for postal matter in the South and West. The
middle States and the States of the Bast pay
for themselves, and this exeess of appropri-
ation is not for them.
This free-delivery system is self-paying
almost everywhere. It is largely more than
that in two of the cities I have named. My
amendment proposes to give to each letter-car-
rier for the first two years of his service
$1,000, whether he serves in a city of fifty
thousand inhabitants or less, wherever the
free-delivery system is established. His work
is severe enough to entitle him to at least
within $200 of the amount paid to clerks of
the first class in the Departments. After a
letter-carrier has rendered faithful service for
two years, he will receive under this system
$1,200 per ailnum.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BANKS. Mr. Chairman, I should be
glad to support the amendment of the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania [Mr. L. Myers] if I
thought it was wise; but it is not wise to
undertake to increase the salaries of letter-
carriers at a time when the whole system is in
danger of being overthrown. For this reason
I shall be obliged to oppose the amendment.
I want to say that all the principal towns
and cities now enjoying the benefits of the
letter-carrier system would be glad to take
their postage into their own hands. If the
Government allowed them to provide for the
carrying of their own letters, they could enjoy
mail facilities and privileges at much less cost,
probably at one cent a letter less. They now
pay three cents on each letter in order that
my friend from Michigan [Mr. Conger] can
have mail routes through his section of coun-
try, and that they may be extended in other
sections. But for the fact that the large cities
and towns pay more than the actual cost of
their own letter-carrying, the gentleman and
his constituents could not have the postal
facilities they now enjoy.
The letter-carrier system increases the
amount received by the Government. It
saves a large expense which would otherwise
be entailed upon the Government in the trans-
mission of dead letters, because under this
system the great mass of letters in our larger
cities are delivered. More than this, I wish
to ask the House to consider particularly the
fact that a manufacturing city of, for instance,
twenty, thirty, or forty thousand inhabitants,
has now only such post office accommodations
as would be necessary for a city of five or
seven thousand inhabitants. It has a small
office at a cheap rent, because every mail that
is brought in is immediately distributed by
the letter-carriers. If you should abolish the
letter-carrier system you would have to expend
hundreds of thousands of dollars, yes, tens of
millions, to replace these small post offices
by large and costly buildings, or pay high
rents in proportion. If we abolish this system
the Government will lose money instead of
gaining it, and my friend from Michigan and
other persons living in the extreme parts of
the country will lose the postal facilities which
they now enjoy.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I move that
the committee rise in order to close debate oa
the pending paragraph.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; and Mr.
Dawes having taken the chair as Speaker
pro tempore, Mr. Borcharb reported that the
Gommittee of the Whole on the state of the
Union had bad under consideration the bill
(H. II. No. 3498) making appropriations for
the service of the Post Office Department for
the year ending June 30, 1874, and had come
to no resolution thereon.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I move that
when the Committee of the Whole shall re-
sume the consideration of the Post Office ap-
propriation bill all debate on the pending
paragraph relating to letter-carriers, and all
amendments thereto, be limited to five minutes.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I move that the
House again resolve itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the Post Office appropriatioa
bill.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, (Mr. Burchard in the chair,) and
resumed the consideration of the Post Office
appropriation bill.
Mr. COX. In response to what has fallen
from the gentleman from Michigan [Mr. Cog-
ger] I wish to say that our letter- carriers are
a class of men deserving of more respect
than that gentleman paid to them. I will not
repeat tne epithets which he applied to cer-
tain people in our cities ; I have no doubt he
will correct that matter himself; but the peo-
ple who carry our letters are praiseworthy and
trustworthy. Yery often these men, owing to
the inadequacy of the salary, resign ; and we
run a risk when we take new men in their
places. All our letter-carrier business in the
large cities is done by men who have to be
thoroughly trustworthy. All our domestic
correspondence, all our business affairs more
or less, depend on the fidelity of these men.
As I have already endeavored to show, they
are not properly compensated in our large
cities for their work, for they make five deliv-
eries daily, while in the smaller towns there
is but one daily delivery.
The gentleman from Michigan [Mr. Conger]
says why not allow the same salary to a letter-
carrier in the smaller cities? I will not urge
the argument which has been already made
that it takes six times as much money to pay
for the transportation and delivery of letters
in the gentleman's rural district as it does
in the middle States and the New England
States; but that is the fact. This deficiency of
$6,000,000 in one appropriation bill—where
does it come from ? It comes from the " truly
rural" districts.
Mr. CONGER. It does not come from
Michigan. Michigan is self-sustaining in the
Post Office Department. That is my answer
to the gentleman.
Mr. COX. I did not say it came from
Michigan. The gentleman is unduly sensitive.
I think it likely it does come from Michigan
in part. It comes from the rural portion of
the country. We know that the cities and the
more densely settled portion of our country
pay for a large proportion of the postage
and transportation of the mails; but I will
not insist on that. All I insist on ia where
