162
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 12,
see, uj on a tract of land devised to Horace C.
Scales by the last will and testament of Charles
Bosley, deceased, but for the accomplishment
of certain trusts in said will named and limited
in favor of persons incapable of giving the con-
sent required by section eight of the act im-
posing taxes on distilled spirits and tobacco,
and for other purposes, approved July 20,
1868, upon compliance with all the provisions
of law now existing or that may hereafter be
enacted applicable to distilleries erected prior
to July 20, 1868.
No objection being made, the bill (H. R.
No. 3129) was received, and read a first and
second time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
Mr. HOLMAN. Is there any report from
the committee ? If not, I hope the gentleman
will explain the bill.
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. I can explain it
in a moment. This distillery already erected
is a very large one, ready to go into operation.
There was a defect in the title—the law of 1808
required an absolute title—iu consequence of
certain trusts in the will devising the land,
which trusts were in favor of a person who
could not give an absolute title.
This bill has been submitted to the Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue, and his in-
dorsement is here to this effect that there can
be no objection to a bill so guarded as this.
The collector and assessor of internal revenue
of the district make the same statement. The
bonds required by the law are ample to pro-
tect the Governn&ent. The only thing the
Government requires is that the property shall
be a security, in addition to the bonds given,
against any attempt to defraud.
Mr. HOLMAN. Then the only effect of
the bill is to diminish the existing security of
the Government.
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. Not in the
slightest degree, because bonds are given by
two good sureties, in addition to all the other
securities against fraud.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed ;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
deficiency appropriation bill.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio, from the Com-
mittee on Appropriations, reported a bill
(H. R. No. 3131) making appropriations to
supply deficiencies in the appropriations for
the service of the Government for the fiscal
year ending June 30, 1873, and for other pur-
poses ; which was read a first and second time,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I move that
this bill be referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, to take its
place after the pension appropriation bill,
and under the same conditions.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, and Mr.
RANDALL reserved the right to make points
of order upon the bill.
homesteads for soldiers and sailors.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I call
for the regular order of business.
The SPEAKER. The regular order having
been called for, the morning hour begins at
twenty-fivie minutes after one o'clock, and
the House will resume the consideration of
House bill No. 1665, to enable honorably dis-
charged soldiers and sailors, their widows and
orphan children, to acquire homesteads on the
public lands of the United States. The gentle-
man from Iowa [Mr. Donnan] is entitled to
the floor for thirty minutes.
Mr. DONNAN. I yield five minutes to the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Storm.]
Mr. STORM. Mr. Speaker, I shall trespass
but a few moments on the time of the House
in giving my reasons for supporting the bill
now pending. If I were persuaded in my own
mind that this bill involves a material depart-
ure from the features of the homestead act of
1862 and the laws amendatory thereof, I cer-
tainly would not give it my support by voice
or vote on this occasion. But I cannot see
that any of the provisions of the act of 1862 or
of subsequent acts relating to homesteads are
at all impaired by the bill now before the
House. What was the scope or aim of the
act of 1862? I contend that its object was to
require actual personal settlement and im-
provement of the tract of land entered and
located for the period of five years after the
location and prior to the issuing of a patent
therefor. That was the prime object, the life-
giving principle, of the act of 1862. Now the
question is whether that principle is violated
by the bill before us. I may remark just here
that the act of April 4, 1872, and the act of
June 8, 1872, were both material departures
from the act of 1862 in two very important
particulars. The act of April 4,1872, deducts
the time that the soldier or sailor served in the
Army or Navy from the five years required
under the act of 1862. This was done by the
act of April 4, 1872, as well as by the act of
June 8, 1872. Yet my friend from Illinois,
[Mr. Hawlet,] who is now such a zealous
opponent of this measure, voted for both of
those bills and advocated their passage. I
cannot see how he can consistently oppose
this bill, which goes no further in that respect
than did the two acts to which I have referred.
I contend that this bill goes no further than
those acts, if it goes as far. This bill, like the
act of 1862 and the two acts of 1872, requires
actual personal residence and improvement
upon the land for a certain period of time;
and it requires just the same length of time as
the last two acts we have passed relating to
homesteads. In this respect theie is no de-
parture from our homestead policy. It is true
that it allows the settlement, occupation, and
improvement to be made by an agent. But,
in view of the well-known principle of law that
what a man does through another he does by
himself, I cannot see how there can be any
objection to this provision. The act of 1862
requires actual settlement and improvement,
and that is precisely what this bill requires.
It is, then, but a modification of the home-
stead principle, not any radical change or
departure from it. And these departures, so
far as there are any, are required by the very
exigencies of the case; as it has been well
said that the men who are seeking this bounty,
the men who fall under its provisions, are of
various occupations. They are not only farm-
ers, but artists, mechanics, and professional
men all over the country, who have an interest
in this bill. Practically, nine tenths of them
would be deprived of the benefits of this act
if we did not allow this modification.
I can appeal to my past record in this House
that I have ever been the consistent friend, in
season and out of season, in supporting the
homestead law ; and it will do the gentleman
from Connecticut [Mr. Hawley] no harm to
turn round here and see who are his associates
on this floor in fighting the bill, and to learn
how the majority of them stood in past years.
I know that gentleman is a true, firm, and
consistent friend of the homestead policy, as I
believe all the members from his State have
been. I have opposed not only the giving
away of the public lands in the far West, but
I have opposed the giving away of any portion
of them in the city of Washington for depot
purposes.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman's time
has expired.
Mr. STORM. With the permission of the
gentleman from Iowa, I will occupy a few
minutes more. Now we must do one of two
things : we must either equalize the soldiers'
bounties, or we must give this grant of lands.
There is no choice left for us. It is a well
known fact (hat for the same time of ser-
vice soldiers have now received $100, $200,
$400, and some even as high as $600 bounty.
An act which would practically equalize t he
bounties to the soldiers would exhaust the
resources of the Treasury. It would require a
sum so enormous that the Military Committee
of this House have not yet dared to report a
bill which would have the effect practically to
equalize the bounties of our soldiers. That
measure is impossible. And those gentlemen
who oppose this bill, and say they would pre-
fer to give bounty in money, say that which
they must know they never can do, and which
the Treasury of the country never would per-
mit to be done.
Then, I say, a money bounty is impossible,
and the only measure left for us is to pass a
bill granting bounty land warrants. Our sol-
diers have been educated up to it by the poli-
ticians of the country. They demand it.
! They will take nothing else, and if you post-
pone the act for one or two years more, you
j will find a Congress here who will have to meet
i their demands, aud give them a bill much
j worse in its features than the present bill. I
go for it because it is a compromise between
i the demand of the soldiers and the wise and
beneficent provisions of the homestead act of
1862.
When ray colleague from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Townsend,] who addressed the House
yesterday, states that none of the soldiers of
i that State are asking for this I cannot agree
with him. I must say I have not met a soldier
in my district who has not demanded of me my
vote and influence in favor of the passage of
this bill. With all respect to my colleague I
must declare that I do not think he represents
the rank and file of the soldiers of Pennsyl-
vania in taking the position he has. The reso-
lutions he offered as having been passed by
the soldiers of Pennsylvania, which were read
at the Clerk's desk yesterday, are in violation
of all the existing homestead provisions, in
that they are in favor of giving public lands to
soldiers after two years' settlement and im-
Erovement. That is a departure from the
omestead principle as much as this. No, the
Republican party has, on the stump ami
through the press, educated the soldiers iu
the belief that they ought to have one hundred
and sixty acres of land. They have represented
that we on this side of the House are opposed
to pensions, bounties, and land grants to sol-
diers. We now meet you on this bill and ask
you to make your professions on the stump
good by your vote. The negro and soldier vote
has long enough been the staple in trade of
Republican politicians. Let the other side,
now that an opportunity is afforded them to do
so, give the soldiers of the country what they
have so long promised, and what their devo-
tion to their country's flag deserves.
Mr. DONNAN. I yield the remainder of
my time to the chairman of the Committee on
Military Affairs, [Mr. Coburn.]
Mr. COBURN. The Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs have encounter^ many difficulties
in coming to some conclusion in reference to
what ought to be done in this matter. The
gentleman from Pennsylvania has suggested
some amendment. It is a subject not without
difficulty. It is an easy thing to spring objec-
tions. It is an easy thing to oppose a bill.
Perhaps there is no subject of legislation more
difficult than this, yet something is required
to be done. In the first place, the number of
claimants, the number of people who will take
under any provision, is so large it must take up
a large part of the public domain. If any-
thing is done at all the quantity of land will
amount, as has been stated, to four hundred
million acres if it were all taken at once.
Well, if we pass a law authorizing the taking
of all this land at once there would be no sys-
tem of land offices we have now equal to do
the business of registering these locations.
