1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
163
We could not make the surveys, and the ;
land officers could not get (hp certificates
ready in a very short time. Bat if we go into
t\ thing of this kind, that cannot be avoided.
Here is an immense number of men, and each
one must make a separate application. There
are two methods of dealing with this matter
of distributing lands or the rights to land.
One is the land warrant method, giving the
authority to locate the laud, aud get a patent
for it at once, and the other is the provision
requiring actual settlement.
Now a difficulty about land warrants has
been suggested, and is a rational one. We
found that difficulty in relation to the Mexican
land warrants. Large numbers of them were
thrown upon the market, aud they depreciated
in value, and the owner of the warrant did uot
get what he ought to have got for them. On
the other hand, there is a hardship in connec-
tion with the question of actual settlement.
If you issue your warrant aud require settle-
ment in connection with it, you deprive of any
benefit whatever a very large number of those
who justly would be eutitled to the benefits of
the general law, and therefore a law of that
kind would be partial in its operation; it
would be unjust and unfair.
The question then came before the commit-
tee, what can be doue? What measure can
be adopted that will do something like justice
to all, that will give a man a claim for land,
that will give him a homestead, that will give
him something valuable that he may dispose
of? The committee, looking over the whole
ground, thought that a medium between laqd
warrants and a law authorizing a title to land
upon settlement should be adopted ; and that
u in substance the measure now reported,
which authorizes the soldier either to settle on
bis land, or to sell or assign his right. That
is the main thing in this bill. It authorizes
the soldier to take the land by settlement or to
assign his title to it.
The gentlemen who *re opposed to this
policy say that this will be of no value. Per-
tiaps it will not be of very much value. I
cannot say. But I think it will be of some
considerable value, for the reason that a very
large amount of these land certificates cannot
be thrown into the market at once. The land
is not surveyed. We have nothing like four
hundred million acres of land surveyed and
ready to come into the market, perhaps not
the one quarter of that. And then there is
the impossibility of transacting the business
in a short. time. 1 venture to say that in a
year alter this law passes nothing like a quar-
ter of these rights to land will have gone into
the market or will have gone into possession
of the men who desire to sell them or locate the
laud. They will be distributed into the hands
of the soldiers, and consequently of the people
gradually, and that of course will be a circum-
stance which will maintain their price.
Now it is said that these rights to land will
fall into the hands of speculators. They may
fall into the bands of speculators; we cannot
prevent that. The only preventive, and it
is a partial preventive, is the provision which
we have introduced into the bill that the
assignee shall purchase no more than two cer-
•..acates, so that he who is desirous of buying
inese rights can only occupy three hundred
and twenty acres under them.
The matter of abuse as to the rights of the
public lands is nothing new, and when gentle-
men talk about abuses under this system,
which we adopt or propose to adopt, they
make complaint about a matter that is as old
us the settlement and the use of your public
lands. The gentlemen from the newer coun-
ties know much better than I do these abuses.
Bui. it will not be difficult to call the attention
of the House to the manuer of these abuses as
they are practiced under the homestead law
mid under the preemption law. The preemp-
tion law requires that actual settlement and
permanent improvement shall be made ; yet I
you may go into townships and into countries
that, have been preempted and you will not
find actual settlement or permanent improve
ment in nine cases out of ten. Now, how is
this thing done? The man who desires to
preempt land builds a shanty, scratches up
a little bit of land, and gets two witnesses to
swear that he has made an improvement. He
then goes to the land office, proves up his
claims, and gets his patent. And how is it
under the homestead law? Why, men living
in towns, in various localities over the West,
go to the land, stay a night upon it, and that
is the basis of the homestead claim. Those
things are done, and done constantly. And if
gentlemen now expect to reserve these lands
from the soldiers that permanent improve-
ments may be made and that there may be
actual settlement upon the public lands under
the preemption law, and under the home-
stead law, in my judgment they are very
much deceived. They will accomplish neither
of these results, for the history of the country
shows that homestead and preemption rights
are shadows and shadowy things. There is a
set of men upon the frontier, roving fellows,
men who desire to have no permanent home,
who invest a large amount of capital in lands
under the preemption law.
Now, if members desire to preserve the pub-
lic . domain for actual settlement, they must
make some other provisions than we have now
upon the statute-book. They might just as
well let the lands go to the soldiers; they are
as deserving a class as any other; and I under-
take to say that under this law actual settle-
ment will progress as rapidly, as cheaply, and
as prosperously as it has ever done under the
homestead and preemption laws.
Gentlemen seem to have a great dread of
speculators, and speak as if this law would
beget a perfect horde of speculators. Why,
speculators are to be found euerywhere upon
the frontier; nearly all of the enterprising men
upon the frontier are speculators, and particu-
larly speculators in land. You are not going
to put a stop to speculation in land by stop-
ping the passage of this bill. It is possible for
men to acquire large bodies of land now under
the preemption laws, and they do get them
constantly.
I think if gentlemen will look at the action
of some of the members who oppose this
measure and cry out against speculators and
monopolists of land, they will find that they
have not been just as consistent upon this
question as they might have been. I remem-
ber when the Northern Pacific railroad came
here knocking at the doors of Congress and
demanding that we should pass a law granting
an immense addition to their lands, millions
and millions of acres, and when in addition
to that they asked authority to mortgage in
bulk the whole of that land so that the whole
of it might be transferred by one conveyance,
some of the gentlemen who are opposing this
measure now, upon the ground that it is a
measure of speculation and monopoly, favored
that measure. I find a number of members
who have favored railroad grants opposing this
bill, and while I am not here to denounce par-,
ticularly beneficent measures for railroad pur-
poses, yet I say that the grants which have
been made for such purposes are enormous as
compared with that made by this bill.
Mr. NIBLACK. Will my colleague yield
to me a few minutes before he closes?
Mr. COBURN. Yes, sir.
Mr. NIBLACK. I have not been able to
look closely into the provisions of the bill
now pending before the House, but there are
bills before the Committee on Military Affairs
germane to this about which I desire some
information. There is a proposition before
that committee to equalize the pay and bounty
of the soldiers in the late war, and I regard
that as a measure of more justice and more
importance to a large majority of our soldiers
than the measure now under consideration.
I should he very much obliged to. polleaguo
if he would state to the House what the pros-
pect is of that committee reporting some such
measure as that before the expiration of the
present Congress. I think we ought to have
a report one way or the other. I had the
honor of introducing one of those bills myself.
Mr. COBURN. I answer my colleague by
saying that we have propositions of that kind
before us, but that the committee deemed it
the best policy to submit a measure of this
kind to Congress before submitting auy bill in
regard to the equalization of bounties.
Mr. NIBLACK. Is this, then, to be re-
garded as a substitute for the proposition to
equalize bounties?
Mr. COBURN. I do notthink the gentleman
can regard it as a substitute for that policy,
but we felt that it was the best to submit this
matter to Congress and let it be acted upon
first. If this is not adopted, it may be that
the committee will report a measure in con-
nection with the equalization of bounties. Con-
gress ought to act understanding^ upon this
subject. I am not now speaking by authority
of the committee as to what they will do or
will not do. But as a matter of policy I think
it is better to submit a measure to Congress
which will not call for such a large amount
of money, but which might discharge the
obligation of the Government in land rather
than in money.
Mr. NIBLACK. One question.
Mr. COBURN. I have not very much time.
Mr. NIBLACK. My colleague [Mr. Co-
bubn] knows that a great proportion of the
land has already been disposed of, so that this
bill cannot operate upon it.
Mr. COBURN. I cannot yield for an argu-
ment.
Mr. NIBLACK. One word only. Also,
that to get the benefit of this act the soldier
or somebody else must emigrate to the land in
order to secure it. Now, the measure I proposed
for the equalization of bounties reaches all
the soldiers at their homes, and is therefore
much better than this. Now I would like to
know what is likely to be done in regard to
equalization of bounties.
Mr. COB URN. That cannot be determined
until the matter is submitted to Congress.
Mr. TAFFE. I would ask the gentleman,
if this bill passes will it do away with the bill
for the equalization of bounties?
Mr. COBURN. I have no authority to
speak on that question.
Mr. TAFFE. I am not asking for authority.
Mr. COBURN. I cannot say, what will be
done. Right in this connection I want to call
the attention of the House to what this equal-
ization of bounties will cost. I hold in my
hand a statement of the Paymaster General,
containing an estimate of the amount required
under the bill of my colleague, [Mr. Nib-
lack,] and nko the bill of my other colleague,
[Mr. Holman,] for the equalization of boun-
ties. The bill of the former provides for
giving $8 38J per month to every soldier,
sailor, and marine ; while the bill of the latter
provides for giving $8 33J a month to the sol-
diers only. Of course the former would call for
more than the latter. This statement, pre-
pared after a very careful examination, shows
that the bill of my colleague, Mr. Holman,
would take $137,000,000, while the bill of my
colleague, Mr. Niblack, would take, in round
numbers, $163,000,000 from the Treasury to
equalize bounties at the rate of $8 33J per
month.
Mr. HOLMAN. It was the opinion of the
chairman of the Committee on Finance of the
Senate only a few years ago, as the Congres-
sional Globe will show, that it will require
only $18,000,000 to equalize bounties on the
basis of $8 33j per month. I submit to my
colleague [Mr. Coburn] that after examina-
tion it is clear to my mind that the Paymaster
General has presented an extravagant state-
ment.
