1128
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 5,
speak once in a while without being inter-
rupted by the chairman of the Committee on
Appropriations, [Mr. Garfield.] Let him
speak when he is spoken to. [Laughter.] I
desire fco call attention to the fact that in our
business in this House we are limited in our
stationery to a certain sum ; and I say to him
that I pay for stationery to be used in the busi-
ness of my constituents two.dollars for every
dollar of allowance I get; and he can go any
time to my books to ascertain that fact, if he
has a fancy to find out what it is. .
Bat that is not the question ' here. It is
whether we shall furnish to postmasters these
official envelopes. That is the point. And
to this amount. Now, I will vote the next,
moment, sir, for as much money as anybody
will say is wanted for all of the money-order
offices. That is not the question. This is for
postmasters; and they are to be sent first by
mail; and we are to pay postage there and
then furnish money to pay postage back again.
Bo they will be an expensive item before we
get through with them. 1 trust, as we are on
economy, and the House has got a spasm of
virtue at this time, it will not be done. I
withdraw the amendment.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Irenewit Ihe
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. DutlkrJ
admits we ought to pay for the money-order
envelopes. Very well. They are in this
appropriation, and they are nowhere else.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Put them
in here then.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. They are here.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Put in
the money-order offices.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. In the next
place " official envelopes" covers all money
orders and ordinary duties of sending papers,
the ordinary returns and official answers to
official inquiries made by the Department.
The gentleman talks about quarterly returns.
Now an ordinary post office that pays $100 a
year averages at least one hundred letters a
year which the postmaster must write in an-
swer to ordinary inquiries from time to time
from the Department, from other postmasters,
from route agents, and from other persons con-
nected with the service of carrying the mails.
Here is the simple fact: there are thirty-two
thousand post offices in the United States ; and
it is proposed, as has been done always, or for
many years, to furnish $29,000 for official en-
velopes, and money orders, too, which is less
than one apiece. Gentlemen object because
a great abuse has been wiped out, and because
they wish to kick some one about it; they
come here and say they will abolish envelopes
for the post offices of the country. In doing
that they abolish the money-order envelopes.
They abolish them all. This is simply in
order to show a little spite because in a spasm
of virtue they have been forced to do a good
thing. I hope this will not be stricken out.
Mr. SARGENT. I hope the gentleman will
now withdraw his amendment.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I withdraw the
amendment..
Mr. SARGENT. I offer this amendment,
to come in at the end of the paragraph.
The Clerk read as follows:
Provided, That each postmaster shall hereafter
send a detailed quarterly account to the Post Office
Department of his expenses for postage on official
letters sent by him, and said aocount shall be ad
justed and allowed by the Department.
Mr. SARGENT. Now, Mr. Chairman, one
of the evils caused by the abolition of the
franking privilege is this——
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Is this amendment
in order. I will reserve the point, however,
until I have heard what the geutleman has to
say.
Mr. SARGENT. One of the evils caused
by the abolition of the franking privilege is
that every officer of the Government who here-
tofore sent his communications through the
mails free will hereafter be required to pay
postage on them. As a consequence we are
likely to overlook many cases where the busi-
ness of the country will be impeded, because
there is no fund out of which these small ordin-
ary expenses for postage can be paid.
The other day the Committee on Appropria-
tions specially requested an estimate from the
Treasury Department of the probable expense
of the Department here in Washington for
postage caused by the abolition of the franking
privilege. That estimate has not yet reached
us. When it comes we shall, of course, have to
make a proper appropriation in the miscella-
neous appropriation bill. But how are you to
carry on the money-order system? Every
money-order office uses from three to "ve
hundred envelopes daily in giving notice of
money sent; and if there is not some means
by which this postage is to be paid, is the post
master to advance it out of his own pocket?
It has been said that some appropriation may
be made for the deficiency hereafter. I wish
to accomplish the object by means of some
provision like this which I have proposed. Let
the postmasters make up quarterly accounts,
and let them be adjusted by the Post Office
Department like the expenses for rents, &c.,
or any other service for which they are required
to send in accounts to the Department.
Now, if there were any means whatever by
which this object could bo reached, 1 think my
friend would be discreet in raising the point
of order. But as the proposition is made
in order that in these small matters, which
are for the convenience of the people, the
postmasters may not be embarrassed, I hope
he will withdraw the point of order.
I desire to say just one other word. I do
not believe, and 1 never have believed, nor
can I be convinced, that a scheme by which
money is simply taken from one pocket of the
Government, and put into another is a reform.
I have never believed, speaking of Congress-
men themselves, aside from the great business
of the Departments that there was any justice
in requiring Congressmen who have to write
from twenty-five to fifty letters a day to pay
postage on the letters they mail to their con
stituents on matteis solely relating to the busi-
ness of those constituents. That is my own
experience since I have been in Congress. I
have to write from twenty five to fifty letters
a day, not on business interesting myself in
the slightest degree—not one letter in fifty,
or perhaps in five hundred, for long spaces of
time on business that would affect me—but
letters that I would have been glad to escape
writing. Now the tax upon them is forced
upon me. I do not believe that it is a reform;
I never have believed it. I think you will find
when you get all through that we will be em-
barrassed by it in every Department of the Gov-
ernment. I have accepted it, however, in good
faith. I want to give the experiment a fair
trial, and I have offered this amendment in
good faith io prevent a useful Department of
the Government from being embarrassed.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I ask the decision
of the Chair on my poiut of order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order. The amendment is not before
the committee.
Mr. SARGENT. I offer the amendment
again in a modified form, striking out the
word " hereafter." In this form it is not lia
ble to the point of order. It is simply a limit
on this appropriation. As thus modified, I
send the amendment to the desk.
The Clerk read as follows:
Add to the paragraph these words :
Provided, Tbat each postmaster shall send a de-
tailed quarterly account to the Post Office Depart-
ment of his expenses for postage on official letters sent
by him, and said account shall be adjusted and
allowed by the Department.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I make the same
point of order on that amendment. This is
new legislation on the subject of postage.
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment re-
quires postmasters to furnish quarterly ac-
counts. It directs the transmission of their
accounts. The Chair considers it is new
legislation and sustains the point of order.
Mr. SARGENT. With all respect to the
Chair, I certainly think the Chair is in error
in that ruling. The amendment says that this
appropriation may be made, provided a certain
other thin^ is done} and it relates only to this
aP|hePCHA°IRM AN. The Chair is of the opin-
ion tjiat it is new legislation, and sustains the
point of order. The question is on the mo-
tion of the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Butler] to strike out the paragraph in
lines seventy-two and seventy-three.
The question being put, there—were ayes 63,
noes 46 ; no quorum voting.
The CHAIRMAN, under the rule, ordered
tellers; and appointed Mr. Butler, of Massa-
chusetts, and Mr. Ham.
The committee again divided ; and the telJ*
ers reported—yeas sixty-eight, noes not
counted.
So the paragraph was stricken out.
MESSAGE FROM TUB 8ENATK.
The committee informally rose ; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, a message
from the Senate, by Mr. Sympson, one of its
clerks, informed the House that the Senate
had agreed to the report of the committee of
conference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses on the bill (H. R. No. 3010) to author-
ize the construction of six steam vessels of
war, and for other purposes.
POST OFFICE APPROPRIATION BILL.
The Committee of the Whole resumed its
session.
The Clerk read the following paragraph :
For fees to marshals, attorneys, and clerks of
courts, $7,500.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I move
that that paragraph be stricken out.
Mr. Chairman, I will state my proposition.
This you will observe is an appropriation of
$7,500 for fees to marshals, attorneys, and
clerks of courts. It has no business in my
judgment in a Post Office appropriation bill.
The fees of clerks, marshals, and attorneys,
meaning, of course, district attorneys, are paid
out of the judicial fund, and ample provision is
made for them. I do not understand why
clerks of courts and marshals bhould be paid
by the Post Office Department. Their fees
are all provided for in the judicial fund.
I hope nobody will now impugn my motives
and say that I am actuated by spite at the aboli-
tion of the franking privilege. I thank God it
has been abolished, in order to show the people
what these psuedo reformers have done, these
men who have been howling for the aboli-
tion of the franking privilege unril they laid
their leader in the grave in a state of insanity.
It is now demonstrated to the country 'What
they have been about, and while I have been
careful to impugn no man's motive I do not
mean that any man shall impugn mine. If
any member does it hereafter I shall reply to
htm in a way that he may not relish.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Does the gen-
tleman mean to say that I have impugned his
motives?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Whom
did the gentleman mean when he said that
gentlemen were offering amendments out of
spite at the abolition of the franking privilege ?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I made a gen-
eral remark, and it was that more raids had
been made on this bill than usual, out of spite
at the abolition of the franking privilege.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I only
propose to strike oat of the bill that which
ought not to be in it, and we meau that if this
supposed reform shall take effect the matter
shall be fully understood by the people.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. What does the
gentleman mean by making a personal issue
with me, and saying that I impugned his
motives?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. 1 take
