164
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 12,
Mr. COBURN. I have in my hand the
carefully prepared statement of the Paymaster
General, showing the items.
Mr. HOLMAN. I think his figures are too
high.
Mr. COBURN. I believe I have now gone
through about all I desire to say in advocacy
of this bill. It is a question of very serious
consideration whether or not a sufficient value
will be given to these rights to justify the
issuing of them. That is perhaps the most
serious question before the House ; I must in
all candor admit that. But at the same time
I cannot see any way by which we can do any-
thing like justice to these soldiers unless we
adopt some measure of this kind, or take the
other alternative of spending something like
§150,000,000 in equalizing bounties. These
are the grave questions before the House.
One more remark and I will have done. It
is said that the soldiers do not desire this
thing. I have never seen one who does not
desire it, except in this House and upon this
floor. I have never heard an officer of the
Army say that he did not desire this thing
done, until I heard members of this House
make statements of that kind.
Those resolutions of the department of
Pennsylvania, Grand Army of the Republic,
are not opposed to a bill of this kind. The
spirit of these resolutions is not in that direction
at all. They are opposed to land warrants;
and the land warrant system is a very different
system from that contemplated by this bill.
Let me call the attention of members to these
resolutions. The first of them reads thus :
" 1. Retained, That the department of Pensylva-
nia. Grand Army of the Republic, earnestly pro-
tests against the passage of any law granting one
hundred and sixty acres of land to honorably dis-
charged soldiers and sailors, or their legal represent-
atives, without actual residence thereon, as being
adverse to a sound public policy in the distribution
of the public lands, locking out for years from the
actual settlers nearly three hundred and fifty mil-
lion acres, and in noway conferring any appreciable
benefit on those it is proposed to serve."
Now, that resolution condemns the granting
of a right to land without settlement, and thus
locking np the public lands from entry and
improvement. But the provisions of this bill
require settlement, and require it within a
year. The soldier has but a single year in
which to dispose of this matter, and then his
right mast be followed up by actual settle-
ment ; if it is not, the claim is void; so that
this doenmeat which has been quoted here as
the protest of the soldiers against a measure
of this kind ib not opposed to it at all.
Let me reafl the next resolution, and it will
be seen that its spirit is in accordance with this
bill.
Mr. PERCE. Can the gentleman state
what number of acres will be taken up under
this bill ?
Mr. COBURN. There is a statement upon
that point somewhere, but I have it not at
hand. The number, however, is very large.
Mr. PERCE. How much land does the
gentleman snppose will be needed to meet the
requirements of this bill?
Mr. COBURN. Over four hundred million
acres, I suppose.
Mr. PERCE. Does the gentleman know
how that number compares with the number
of acres at present surveyed? I think there
is not that number of acres surveyed.
Mr. COBURN. There is not, I admit. If
the gentleman had heard all that I have said
he would have heard me say that there is not
that number of acres surveyed. But no reason-
able man supposes that a law of this kind can
be carried oat at once. It will take some
time to issue all these warrants. Every man
who votes for this bill does so knowing the fact
that surveys have to be completed, and that
it will take at any rate a very considerable
length of time to make these settlements and
issue tbese certificates.
Mr. TAFFE. Will the gentleman yield for
a question ?
Mr. COBURN. Not just now. I was
about to call attention to the second of the
resolutions adopted by the department of
Pennsylvania, Grand Army of the Republic.
It declares—
" 2. That we cordially approve of an amendment
to the homestead laws granting title to one hundred
and sixty acres of tt^e public lands to all who served
in the Army and Navy during tho rebellion, or the
legal representatives of thoso deceased, after two
years' residence thereon."
Now, the import of that is in favor of the
requirement of residence, not particularly by
the soldier, but actual residence. How much
better is residence by the soldier than residence
by any other good citizen ? Why should you
compel the soldier to emigrate? If you want
your public lands settled why not let the man
who desires to emigrate to the West go and
settle, buying his right from the soldier who is
not willing to go? I say that the resolutions
of the Pennsylvania department of the Grand
Army of the Republic are in favor of the
essence and spirit of the bill now before the
House. I venture to say that you may go from
one end of the Union to the other and you
will not find one per cent, of the soldiers of
the country opposed to a measure of this kind.
Some of the officers, some of the men who
have held high rank in the Army, may oppose
it 
Mr. TAFFE. How much more time has the
gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Coburn?]
The SPEAKER. His time expired five
minutes ago.
Mr. STOUGHTON. I now call the previous
question on the bill and amendments.
Mr. HOLMAN. I believe the amendment
I indicated is understood to be pending?
The SPEAKER. The Chair understood it
to be pending; but the Journal Clerk states
that it is not.
Mr. STOUGHTON. My understanding is
that the gentleman indicated an amendment
which he asked to have printed, with the inti-
mation that he would subsequently offer it.
Acting under the instruction of the commit-
tee, I feel compelled to object to the amend-
ment being entertained.
Mr. HOLMAN. I ask that the amendment
may be considered pending by unanimous
consent.
Mr. STOUGHTON. I object.
Mr. HOLMAN. I hope the amendment
may be reported for the information of the
House. It is a little more favorable to the
soldier than the bill.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Michigan admit the amendment?
Mr. STOUGHTON. No, sir; Iobjecttoit.
Mr. HOLMAN. I trust the House will give
me an opportunity of offering it. I under-
stood it was pending.
Mr. STOUGHTON. It was not pending, j
The SPEAKER. If the previous question j
be sustained it will first operate on the motion '
of the gentleman from Illinois to recommit !
the bill to the Committee on Military Affairs, j
Mr. HOLMAN. I hope the House will not J
second the demand for the previous question
until my proposition is submitted. I under-
stand that it was before the House, and I think
gentlemen on that side understood it was pend-
ing. The gentleman from Nebraska [Mr.
Taffe] certainly understood it was before the
House.
Mr. W. R. ROBERTS. I do not suppose
there will be any objection to having the gen-
tleman's amendment read.
Mr. HOLMAN. I ask that my amendment
be reported. It is an amendment only a little
more favorable to the soldier than this one is.
I ask that my substitute be read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Strike out all after the enacting clause and insert
the following:
That every private soldier, musician, and officer
who served in the Army of the United States, during
the late war, for ninety days, and was honorably
discharged, including the troops mustered into the
service of the United States by virtue of the third
seotion of an act entitled "An act making appro-
priations for completing the defenses of Washington,
and for other purposes," approved February l:S,
1862; and every seaman, marine, and officer nnd
other person who served in the Navy of tho United
States or in the Marine corps, during the lato war,
for ninety days, and who was honorably discharged •
and the widow of any such soldier, musician, sea-
man, or officer! or if there bo no such widow, his
orphan children under twenty-ono years of ago,
shall be entitled to enter a quantity of public lands
(not mineral) not exceeding one hundred and sixty
acres, or one-quarter section, which shall be com-
posed of contiguous tracts, according to legal subdi-
visions, including the alternate reserved sections of
public lands along the line of any railroad or other
publio work, or other lands subject to entry under
the homestead laws of the United States, and receive
a certificate of such entry, without the payment of
any Government fees.
Sue. 2. That such entry shall be made in the name
of the person entitled as above to rna&e the same
by application in person, or by agent, under such
regulations as the Secretary of the Interior shall
prescribe; and the patent for the land so entered
shall be issued only to such soldier, musician, sea-
man, or officer, or to his widow or orphan children,
provided for in the first section of this act, who made
the entry ; but no sale of such land, or of any inter-
est therein, or power of attorney authorizing such
sale, or other contract or agreement in anywise
affecting or concerning any such land, made, exe-
cuted, or entered into prior to the issuing of the
patent therefor and the actual delivery of such
patent to the person to whom issued, shall be of any
effect whatever, but every such sale, power of attor-
ney, contract or agreement, shall be null and void.
Sec. 3. That the Secretary of the Interior shall
prescribe rules and regulations to carry the sever d
provisions of this act into effect.
Mr. STOUGHTON. This is an absolute
bounty bill, requiring no settlement upon the
land whatever, and is therefore in conflict with
the homestead law, and for that reason I
shall be compelled to object to receiving the
amendment, or considering it as pending before
the House to this bill.
Mr. HOLMAN.' Now, as the gentleman
from Michigan has been permitted to make
that statement, I trust I will be allowed to
make a correction of it. I therefore trust he
will not insist on his demand for the previous
question until I have submitted a few remarks
on my amendment. It is not a bounty bill.
It has no feature of the ordinary land warrant
bill. It is far remote from any such measure.
It is further from any such bill than that of the
committee itself. It is a bill which seeks to
get rid of that entire feature, while that of the
gentleman still retains it. It is, in fact, but a
modified form of the old land warrant bill.
Now, the gentleman says that this offers
facilities to land speculators, who will take up
these certificates as fast as possible in order
to locate for themselves large bodies of the
public land. My amendment has for one of
its effects to secure to the soldier, or his widow
or orphan children, a quarter of a section of
land, and until the patent is issued for that
quarter of a section of land and delivered to
the soldier, or to his widow or children, it is
impossible for him or for them to dispose of it
to outsiders.
Mr. STOUGHTON. Will not that tie up
the public lands year after year without settle-
ment?
Mr. HOLMAN. No more than the gentle-
man's bill.
Mr. STOUGHTON. Our bill requires it
to be settled within one year.
Mr. HOLMAN. It would have this addi-
tional advantage over the gentleman's proposi-
tion : the gentleman's bill will keep this
quasi scrip or land warrant in constant sus-
pense from year to year. There is an uncer-
tainty about his whole bill. The soldier will
derive but little, if any, benefit from it. It
will subject him to more fraud than the old
bounty land system did. My proposition, on
the contrary, simply secures to every soldier,
or his widow or children, a quarter of a sec-
tion of land, and only after he or they have
been fully invested with the patent, holding
complete title to the land, is it possible for
them to make any disposition of it to others.
It is a bill which the soldiers demand. They
do not desire this shadowy, deceptive measure.
They wish a bill to give to the soldier, or his
widow and orphan children, a quarter of a sec-
