2088
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
deficiencies in the appropriations for the ser-
vice of the Government for the fiscal year end-
ing Jane 80, 1873, and for other purposes.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ments reported by the Committee on Appro-
priations will be acted on aa they are reached
in the reading, unless there be objection.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Inasmuch as the amend-
ments of the committee are not printed, I ask
that the bill be read through as it came from
the House first, and then that the reported
amendments be read, As we have not the
amendments in print, I think we shall under-
stand them better to read the text of the bill
first.
Mr. COLE. I will state in the hearing of
the Senator from Vermont that I believe all
the amendments of any importance are those
which are familiar to the Senate, and there is
nothing in the bill that I think will take any-
body by surprise. If, however, we meet with
any amendments as we go along that Senators
desire shall be reserved, a request of that
kind will be sufficient.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I think, as we have not
got them in print, the safest way is to read the
bill through according to the rule.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That is
according to the rule.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It does not take any
longer time, either.
The Chief Clerk read the bill.
Mr. COLE. I suggest that the Secretary
read some of the amendments to the bill. I
believe there are some that will not be ques-
tioned at all, relating to the organization of the
two Houses, provisions for paying clerks, and
so on, that no one can object to. We had
better dispose of them and go on with the bill,
until we come to some amendment to which
some Senator objects, and then I will consent
to an adjournment.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It is now a quarter to
twelve o'clock. I need not recite the expe-
rience we have had during the past week and
part of this *eek; we all khow that. We sat
this morning down to five or six o'clock, and
we have ordered a meeting to-morrow at ten.
These amendments have not been printed.
There is ample time to-morrow for this bill
and all the conference reports, and so on. I
therefore hope that the amendments will be
printed, and consequently I move, inasmuch
as it is necessary, that we proceed to the con-
sideration of executive business.
Mr. COLE. Let the amendments be ordered
to be printed first.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That order
will be entered.
Mr. HITCHCOCK. I offer an amendment
to the bill, which I ask to have printed and
referred to the Committee on Appropriations.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. As the bill has been,
ordered to be printed, I desire to move an
amendment to it, which I move be referred to
the Committee on Appropriations, and printed.
The motion was agreed to.
connecticut volunteers.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is now
moved that the Senate proceed to the consid-
eration of executive business.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I ask the Senate
to give mc the privilege now of taking up Sen-
ate bill No. 1228.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will consider the motion Cor an executive ses-
sion as not put if the Senator from Connect icut
desires it, [after a pause.] If the Senator
makes no motion, the Chair will direct the
doors to be closed and the galleries cleared.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The Senator from Con-
necticut, I see, feels that I have done him
wrong in making this motion and in not seeing
tins bill ol his as he does. I withdraw the
motion, and lie may try it on for aught I care.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. ' The Sena-
tor from Connecticut moves to postpone the
pending order and proceed to the considera-
tion of the bill indicated by him.
Mr. COLE. Let the pending order be
passed over informally.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will be
passed over informally fqr that purpose-
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I move that the
Senate take up Senate bill No. 1228.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will be
considered as before the Senate, if there be no
objection.
Mr. DAVIS. Let it be taken up subject to
objection.
' The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider to the bill (S. No. 1228)
relating to the payment of bounties to the
fifth regiment Connecticut volunteers. The
preamble recites that certain members of
the fifth Connecticut volunteer infantry, in
good faith, enlisted for three years' service
prior to July 22, 1861, for the purpose of offer-
ing their services to the United States, but
were not mustered into the service of the
United States until July 23, 1861; that there
was no agreement between the United' States
and the State that they should be recognized
as in the service of the United States from the
dates of their enlistment under the Stato, thus
depriving them of the benefits of the act of
April 22, 1872, entitled "An act in relation to
bounties." The bill therefore proposes to
place each and every volunteer, non-commis-
sioned officer, private, musician, and artificer
of the fifth regiment Connecticut volunteer in-
fantry, who enlisted in the service of the State,
with view to service of the United States, under
General Orders No. 303, general headquarters
State of Connecticut, adjutant general's office,
June 30, 1861, (based on General Orders No.
16, War Department, AdjutantGeneral's Office,
May 4, 1861,) on the same footing, as to bounty,
as the regiments of the Pennsylvania reserve
corps, thus to secure them the benefits pro-
vided by the act of April 22,1872, provided the
bounty has not already been paid, and the
time for filing claims under this act is to be ex-
tended two years from the passage of this act.
The Committee on Military Affairs reported
the bill with an amendment in line,four, to in-
sert after the word "fifth" the words "and
fourth," so as to read " fifth and fourth regi-
ments of Connecticut volunteer infantry."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I now move to amend
in the ninth line by striking out 
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. I should
like to know sometbing about this bill. Here
is a bill to give bounties to two regiments, and
probably there are a hundred besides. If we
are to establish such a precedent as this, add-
ing on regiments, and particularly regiments
of volunteers in the State service, to those
entitled to bounty, we ought to know some-
thing about it.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I do not understand
the Senator.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. How many
men are included in this bill?
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. About two hundred,
I understand, who have not received bounty.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. Does the
Senator from Connecticut know how many
regiments were mustered into the service or
went into the State service in New England?
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. No, sir. .
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. Will not
this bill establish a precedent for all that class
of regiments?
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. No, sir, I do not
know that there is any man in the country who
will come in under this except these regiments
and the Pennsylvania reserves. These men
volunteered under the proclamation of the
President issued on the 3d of May. Others
were mustered in afterward who volunteered
under the proclamation issued on the 22d
of July.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I wish to ask the Sen-
ator from Connecticut, inasmuch as we have
soldiers in our own State situated in the Same
way, what committee reported this bill ?
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. It was reported by
the Senator from Maine [Mr. Morrill] from
the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Why ought it not to
apply to all the States whose soldiers were
situated in the same way?
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I should like to have
it so apply, if it does not.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It certainly does not. It
proposes to pay the soldiers of Connecticut
what the soldiers of other States under the
same circumstances are not now lawfully
entitled to.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. The bill provided
that these men shall be placed on the same
footing as the Pennsylvania reserve corps,
who were paid a bounty under an act passed
on the 21st or 22d of April last. It was under
a special call that they were received. The
President on the 3d of May, 1861, called for
forty thousand more men. He offered them a
bounty of $100. Under that call eighty-two
regiments were organized. When the War
Department attempted to pay the bounty to
those eighty-two regiments, it found that the
order reached only forty of them, and it is this
deficiency that the bill of April last intended
to supply ; but the fourth and fifth Connecticut
were left out simply because the bill provided
that it should be paid to those who enlisted
prior to the 22d of July, and these regiments
were mustered in on the 22d and 23d of
July, having been in rendezvous from June.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I understood that per-
fectly. I know that the law now provides
that the enlistment is fixed for a certain day;
but, as I have already said, there are some
troops of Vermont, how many I do not know,
in the same position, and I get letters every
day to know why they cannot have bounty on
account of the fixing of this date ; and I send
them to the Second Auditor, and he says,
"The law has put the mark down there, and
as your man, although he had been enlisted
by the Governor of the State for three months
or two months or one month, as the case might
be, while regiments were forming, he does not
get it." Therefore, the case of the Pennsyl-
vania reserve corps does not help the citizens
of Vermont at all.
I think this bill ought to be farther consid-
ered so as to know what it amounts to, or else
it ought to provide for all the soldiers of the
nation alike who enlisted under similar cir-
cumstances, and to whom the principle of this
bill may apply. Thers are some in Vermont.
I have no doubt there are many in all the
States, because all the loyal States were rais-
ing troops all the time and getting ready, and
were getting their men into camp and drilling
them and all that sort of thing. If the Sena-
tor from Connecticut would not feel that we
were doing wrong, it does appear to me that
we ought to consider this bill a little further,
and he ought not to be unwilling to let us have an
executive session, and let this bill lie overuntil
to-morrow. I dislike very much to suggest it.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I will do it, sir.
postal telegraph report.
Mr. RAMSEY submitted the following reso-
lution ; which was referred to the Committee
on Printing:
Resolved, That there be printed two thousand
extra copies of Senate report No. 242 oa the bill to
connect the telegraph with the postal service.
executive session.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive
business.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of executive
business. After twenty minutes spent in ex-
ecutive session the doors were reopened, and
(at twelve o'clock and fifteen minutes a. ra.,
Monday, March 3) the Senate adjourned.
