1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2089
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, March 3, 1878.
The House met at eleven o'clock a. m. The
Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Bctler, D. D., offered
up the following prayer:
Great God our Father, in these closing hours
we ask Thy rich blessing. We thank Thee for
all of peace and harmony, for all of health and
happiness that have marked these weeks and
months. Forgive us, we pray Thee, wherein
we have sinned against ourselves, against each
other, or against God.
Now, Father, dwell in the hearts of these
Thy servants during these remaining hours of
legislation. Have thecn in their persons in
Thy holy keeping; in their families bless
them, and in their relations to this great Gov-
ernment. Continue Thy mercies upon the
people of this land, our Father, and preserve
to us the rich heritage which has come down
to us baptized with blood and tears.
Guide us by Thy divine counsel. ' Reign in
our hearts and in the hearts of all the people.
Establish Thy kingdom of truth and pgace, of
love and mercy among us and in all lands. In
the name of Christ our Saviour we ask it.
Amen.
Mr. SARGENT. I ask unanimous consent
that the reading of the Journal of the proceed-'
ings of Saturday last be dispensed with.
No objection was made.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Sympson,
one of its clerks,-informed the House that the
Senate requested the return from the House
of Senate bill No. 247, amendatory of an act
authorizing the construction of a bridge across
the Arkansas river.
The message further announced that the
Senatehad passed, without amendment, House
bills of the following titles: ■
A bill (H. R. No. 2912) for the relief of
Peter J. Burchell;
A bill (H. R. No. 2692) to provide for the
establishment of a military prison, and for its
government;
A bill (H. R. No. 3250) to relieve Francis
E. Spinner, Treasurer of the United States;
and
A bill (H. R. No. 4025) for the benefit of
Aaron B. Fryrear.
The message further announced that the
Senate insisted upon its amendments dis-
agreed to by the House to the bill No. 2909,
for the relief of Joseph L. Haywood and
others, agreed to the conference asked by the
House on the disagreeing votes of the two
houses thereon, and had appointed Mr. Pratt,
Mr. Howe, and Mr. Machen, the conferees on
the part of the Senate.
The message further announced that the
Senatehad passed, with amendments, in which
the concurrence of the House was requested,
a resolution of the House providing for the
printing of the report of the United States
Commissioner to the international penitentiary
congress in London.
The message also announced that the Sen-
ate bsd passed, and requested the concurrence
of the House in, a bill (S. No. 1556) for the
relief of William Spence.
sundry civil bill
The SPEAKER. When the House closed
its session of Saturday it had under consider-
ation the report of the committee of confer-
ence upon the sundry civil appropriation bill.
Mr. TOWNSEND, of Pennsylvania. Mr.
Speaker, in continuance of the remarks I was
making at the close of Saturday's session, some
four minutes ago, I desire to say that the fol-
lowing is the provision of the act providing for
national banks:
"Sec.41. That the plates and special dies to be
procured by the Comptroller of the Currency for the
printing of such circulating notes shall remain under
his control and direction, and the expenses neces-
sarily incurred in executing the provisions of this
pet respecting tho procuring of such notes, and all
other expenses of the bureau, shall be paid out af
the proceeds of the taxes or duties now or hereafter
to be assessed on the circulation and collected from
associations organized under this act."
This is a continuing tax for all time to come
to pay the expenses in regard to notes for all
time to come. If the House concur in this
amendment of the Senate, in my opinion it
will be an act of bad faith toward the banks,
and I therefore trust the amendment will not
be concurred in.
Mr. SARGENT. I now yield to the gentle-
man from New York [Mr. Cox] a few minutes.
Mr. COX. The Committee on Banking and
Currency reported to this House some t'me
since a bill to provide for the printing of these
notes.
Mr. TOWNSEND, of Pennsylvania. When
was that?
Mr. COX. ' Some time in January. It was
understood that when the bill was called up for
consideration I should have an opportunity to
offer an amendment. It was understood, by
at least many on our side of the House, that
the fund in the Treasury was not for the pur-
pose of printing notes.
Mr. MERRIAM. It expressly says so in
the law.
• Mr. COX. We will not discuss that now.
All I have to say is this: that the general con-
sent of the House was given for it, and I
think our committee came to the conclusion
that the proper place to lay this tax was on
the banks themselves.
Mr. SARGENT. I yield two minutes to the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Randall.]
Mr. RANDALL. Mr. Speaker, in this very
Congress the House, by thirty-one majority,
the vote being, if I remember rightly, 104 to
73, adopted the principle that the expense of
replacing worn-out and mutilated currency
should be borne by the banks. We had a
straight issue at the time upon the question.
What next will these banks seek to put upon
the people? Look at their condition. The
entire amount of Federal taxes paid by them
since their organization upon the circulation,
upon deposits, and upon capital, is only about
$40,000,000, as stated by the Comptroller of
the Currency in his recent report. He esti-
mates that the circulation is only worth to the
banks three per cent.; and upon this basis,
which I deny is a just one, the gratuity to the
banks since their organization has been $60,-
000,000, thus showing that the banks have
received a gratuity of $20,000,000 in excess
of all they have paid to the Government as
taxes from every source whatever. Yet they
ask that the people shall pay for replacing
their circulation, thus adding to the vast gra-
tuity already given to the stockholders of the
banks.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SARGENT. I yield three minutes to
the gentleman from Illinois, Mr. [Crebs.]
Mr. CREBS. I understand the gentleman
from California to say that to finish the work
which the Board of Publio Works have under-
taken in the way of improving the city of
Washington $900,000 is proposed to be appro-
priated by this bill as now reported.
Mr. SARGENT. No, sir; this $900,000
is to pay for just the kind of work that has
heretofore been done in other parts of the
city. I have a schedule here showing just
where the work is proposed to be done, and
it does not duplicate a single place named in
the original account.
Mr. CUEBS. That is not the question. I
wish to know whether this money is to carry
out contracts already made and the present
plans of improvement adopted by the board.
Mr. SARGENT. Unquestionably it is to be
expended in accordance with those plans, but
it is not to carry out any old contracts.
Mr. CREBS. I desire the Clerk to read
from the report of the Committee for the Dis-
trict of Columbia made ou the 15th of Decem-
ber last, in regard to the wants of the District.
This report was founded upon reports made by
the Board of Public Works. It is true I did
not agree to the report.
Mr. SARGENT. 1 will admit everything
that the report states. At the time I advo-
cated the appropriation of a million and a
quarter dollars to the District, a few months
ago, I said it would be necessary to make
farther appropriations. The House took me
at my word and pat in a provision that in all
cases appropriations should be made before
the expenditures. This bill is to carry out the
will of the House in that particular. I now
yield five minutes to the gentleman from Ken-
tucky, [Mr. Beck.]
Mr. CREBS. 1 ask to have read what I
have sent to the desk.
Mr. SARGENT. Well, I will yield time
enough to to have that read, and then I will
yield to the gentleman from Kentucky.
Mr. CREBS. It is only two pages.
Mr. SARGENT. Then I cannot yield; I
have not the time.
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. I do not expect,
Mr. Speaker, to get the attention of the House;
nobody has received it this morning; but I
wish to say that this bill is by more than ten
millions the largest bill of the kind that was
ever laid before the House of Representatives.
When it came from the Committee on Appro-
priations of this House it appropriated about
$28,000,000. The House added $994,000.
The bill went to the Senate, and there $3,226,-
000 was added in a few items, thus making
the aggregate of this sundry civil bill, which
is merely the odds and ends of expenditures,
more than all the expenditures of the Govern-
ment in any year, with few exceptions, from
its foundation up to and including 1847, ex-
cept the period of the war of 1812. Now this
bill comes back to the House with sundry
amendments, no part of which are even num-
bered in the bill we have, so that no human
being can know what they are. It is reported
by a committee friendly to all the vicious legis-
lation put on in the Senate. By devices of this
kind men who want schemes put through do
not usually present them to the House of Rep-
resentatives. They allow the bill to pass this
House without even suggesting them; then
they rush to the Senate and put on their lobby
schemes in that body which does not regard
responsibility to the people. Then the bill
is held back until within twenty-four hours of
adjournment, when a conference committee is
appointed, and no member of the House has a
chance either to criticise or expose what is done
in conference. The House is not now able even
to look over the bill as finally presented; and in
this case $33,000,000 is to be taken from the
pockets of the tax-payers of the country in a way
that the Representatives of the people in Con-
gress know nothing of. The Committee of
Ways and Means to-day cannot report bills to
reduce taxes and tariffs, because, while the
Government is receiving enormous taxes, say
$210,000,000 of revenue annually under the
tariff and $110,000,000 from internal taxes,
we have for the current year already appropri-
ated $9,000,000 in excess of all the estimates
of all the extravagant Departments, and for the
next fiscal year our appropriations now being
made will exceed all the present revenues of
the Government, enormous as they are. _We
are. evidently going on now to appropriate
$20,000,000 more than the estimates for the
next year. We are ahead of all our ways and
means, until new taxes will have to be added
and new burdens imposed in order to gratify
gentlemen who have jobs to put through. My
objection is that all these amendments of the
Senate ought to have been considered in the
House of Representatives, in which they would
surely have been rejected ; and it is because
the managers of the jobs know that fact that
they hold them back until the bill is out of
our hands so we can neither attack nor expose
them.
It has become part of the lobby system in
