mo
m® gommsmmh globe
March 3,
regard to these matters that with the knowl
edge that they could not pass the House in
the ordinary way they are put on in the Sett-
ate and the bills are held back nntil the very
last day, so that they cannot be considered
here, or they go to a committee of conference
bnd are put on there, and we arts threatened
with an extra session it' we rote them down;
Just look at this. Does afly man believe that
this House would have voted $918,000 for tbii
Board of Public Works; Or $108,000td reim
burse them for what they have done j Or
$188,000 for the expenditures of the old' eor^
poration; or $200,000 for a fine bridge here,
in addition to all they have got already, to be
squandered or divided as they sea fit; or that
we would have added another $126,000 for
paving round the Capitol, after giving them
$120,000 for that purpose? No, air. They
may have reduced or rather postponed Some
things iu the Senate, for the reduction Only
means postponement; all these mattere re-
tained and added are gone forever j aud this
settles it all upon us, in the most vicious aud
outrageous manner.
We ought now to reject this conference
report, in order that all the new legislation
may be stricken out of it and all itenis rejected
which we have not a chance of cdnaidenng in
this House. Let us order our committee to go
back to the Senate and say to thein that if
there be new legislation, the champions of
which do not dare to come here and ask us to
consider it, we cannot allow them to put it on
in this way in the expiring hours of the ses-
sion by amendments stated only by numbers;
the members of the House not having a ehance
of saying anything against or knowing any-
thing of the legislation they are called upon
to pass.
Unless we do this we shall have to impose
additional taxation on the people; we shall
have to increase the tariff, internal taxation,
and all other taxes, in order to get ways ana
means enough to meet the wasteful expendi-
ture that is rushed through in the closing
hours of the session. That is the objection to
this bill as agreed to in conference, so called.
1 have nothing to say against the Board of
Public Works. 1 have never gone into the
contest about the honesty or dishonesty of the
Board of Public Works. They may be honest
or dishonest; that is not my business. -What
1 have to do with is the charaoter of the legis-
lation and the immense amount of wrongful
and vicious appropriation that Is thrown upon
us by the other body without an opportunity
for consideration and without a chance oven
to look at it.
Mr. SARGENT. I yield fifteen minutes
to the gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr. Eld
redge] to divide as he sees fit.- •
Mr. ELDREDGE. Mr. Speaker, I cannot
understand the opposition which has been
made to this expenditure of money for the
nation's capital. It seems to me that every
American citizen must feel a pride in this
capital, and feel that it is not for the interest
only of the people living here, but for the
interest of the whole people of the United
States, that we should have a capital worthy of
forty million people living in the broadest and
most desirable country in the world, ihave little
respect for the heart or pride of the man'who
does not feel a personal interest in the capital of
his country. When we look over the vast terri-
tory of this city, this "city of magnificent dig-
tahces," as it has been called, and see the
l ide streets and wider avenues, laid out by the
Father of his Country, laid out and designed
in view of its being the national capital, I
think, Mr. Speaker, no reasonable man can
expect the residents of Washington to make
them what they ought to be, especially when
the United States owns at least iorty per Cent;
of the entire property of the city. To my
mind this is one of those expenditures which
the people are glad to have their Representa-
tives provide for. Notwithstanding the oppo-
sition that has been made to it from various
sources, the people will recognize the work
that these men are doing; and I believe the
day will come when the men who have brought
about these-improvements, who have designed
and carried them through against the blindest
and most unreasoning opposition, will be
looked upon, as they really are, pnblio bene-
factors ofth,e city of Washington. And, sir, I
expect we may some of us live to see the day
when-monuments iu honor of their works will
he erected to these men on some of the public
Squares in this city.
But, Mr. Speaker, I promised to yield two
thirds of my fifteen minutes, and I am afraid
I shall occupy too much of it if I continue.
I wish to yield two or three minutes to the
gentleman from New York, [Mr. S loo dm,]
but not seeing that gentleman in his scat I
now yield five minutes to the gentleman from
Indiana, [Mr. Voorhbes.I
Mr. VOORHEES. It is not an opportune
time on the last day of the session to instruct
the House in regard to business, even if I had
the ability to do so at any time. But I must
say that I am somewhat amused at the remarks
of my distinguished friend from Kentucky,
[Mr. Beck, j His objection to this bill is that
the measures which are obnoxious to him and
which he opposes originated in the Senate.
He says that lobbyists fear to offer, their jobs
before the Bouse of Representatives, and
hence carry them over to the Senate.
Sir, I had thought from reading the news-
papers this winter that here was the very best
place to begin sueh schemes. I am glad to
find thut 1 am mistaken and that the House
has a certificate of character from the gentle-
man from Keutucky. " I am delighted to know
that we are so pure.and upright—that schemers
and jobbers do not dare to bring here their
nefarious plans—that they are compelled to
carry them to the Senate.
•Serioilsly, however, I do not think it a fair
mode of reasoning, that because a bill origin-
ates in one body or the other, it is more or
less meritorious. If 1 thought this measure
ought not to pass, it would matter little to me
where it originated.
When I came here last fall, I confess I came
here with prejudices against the Board of Pub-
lic Works of this city. The press had teemed
with charges against them. I felt it my duty,
however, to examine the evidence taken be-
fore the Committee for the District of Colum
bia. J saw with my own eyes and for myself.
Even ihe opponents of these measures of im-
provement swore there was not a particle of
proof of fraud in the use of the public money
by the board. I examined the matter closely,
and my mind was relieved of its previous im-
pressions. 1 found the gentlemen composing
the Board of Public Works hottest men by the
unanimous testimony of their enemies. If I
believed they were squandering the public
money 1 would stop right there. I would con-
sider no further the propriety of improving
this city while that question remained in their
hands. But every witness who appeared be-
fore the committee when asked if he knew of
the slightest misuse of the public money or of
fraud on the part of these men, explicitly de-
nied all knowledge of sueh facts and all inten-
tion of intimating such charges. The Board
of Public Works of Washington city, there-
fore, Stands fully and completely vindicated.
The question then recurs whether these im-
provements ought rightfully to have been
made. It is true they may have been made
on an extensive scale; but when I recall the
fact that twelve years ago I came here and
found this city a mud-hole, and that it re-
mained so for years, I am greatly reconciled
to the change that has been wrought. I have
seen carriages mire down and break down in
Pennsylvania avenue and other principal
streets. I think the improvements ought to
be made.
• This is the capital of a nation of forty mil-
lions of people. It was a disgrace to Such a
country before these works began. If the
capital is to remain here, let it be made an
honor to the country. If it is not to remain
here, let if go elsewhere and there bebuilt in
a proper manner. But wherever it is I. am
not willing that it shall be a fourth or fifth rate
unimproved village as it was a few years ago.
JLet ft be worthy of the country and. of the
American people.... - 4 ,
The evidence shows that this money, is being
expended honestly. I can . therefore see no
objection to its expenditure. even though the
amendment did originate in the Senate,
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. I want a moment
to put myself right. I am not censuring the
Senate especially, but all money bills ought
to originate in this House, and it is a had sign
when men will not come here and lay their
matters before the committee of this House,
to ask appropriations, but keep them back and
submit them to the Committee of the Senate
who have no time to examine them aiid no
responsibility for them, where our bills are
loaded down in the last days of the session
and sent to us when we cannot even read or
see what they do. I do say that this body is,
in my opinion, moreionest and economical as
. regards resisting jobs, bad as it' may be, than
the Senate of the JJnited States to-day.
Mr. SARGENT. I now yield five minutes
to the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Roose-
velt].
Mr. ROOSEVELT. I only wish to call the
attention of the House to what it is doing. The
House has already appropriated $1,240,000
to the Board of Public Works in the general
appropriation bill only a few days ago.
This bill now appropriates $226,000 more.
In other words, they are to receivo from Con-
gress, in this single session, $3(500,000, for
which they have reported to you an expendi-
ture of but $7,000,000. Iti other words, tak-
ing their own report as true, conceding that
their own statement contains the' facts, they
have incurred a debt of $7,000,000, and they
have come to Congress asking that one half
that amount be appropriated to them.
In December last ! moved that the Com
mittee for the District of Columbia be instructed
to inquire whether the authorities here have
not exceeded that amount of $7,000,000, and
incurred alarger amount of debt- That com-
mittee took testimony, and reporting simply
what the board themselves told the committee
they say:
"As to the third inquiry involved in the resolu-
tion, to-wit, what sum will be rcauu-ed to finish
the work undertaken by tho board/ tho commit'.eo
report that from tho communications herewith sub-
mitted and the printed report of the board, no
further sum will bo reauired to complete tile work
undertaken, and for which liabilities have been
incurred, than those Included in the foregoing esti-
mates/'
Here, then, only about a month ago, they
said that they did not want any more money.
And now they come in for $2,600,000. Four
weeks ago the Committee for the District of
Columbia addressed the Board of Public Works
a series of questions which I have here, among
which was a question as to what amount was
still unexpended of the one and a quarter mil-
lion dollars appropriated by Congress at this
session, and whether they had used up the
funds of this District appropriated for public
schools, for firemen, for police, and for other
general purposes, and whether they had bor-
rowed money from any other source. The
Board of Public Works reported that they
could not answer immediately. Three weeks
ago last Thursday we addressed further in-
quiries, asking them to answer forthwith such
questions as-they could. Yet from that time
to this we have had no answer.
_ Now are gentlemen willing to put this money
in the hands of the Board of Public Works
without any restriction upon the expenditure
of this money, or any limitation upon the
character or extent of the works or improve-
ments? I do appeal to the House to at least
