1873.
THIS CONGBESSIOJSTAL GtOBB.
2091
do this. I do not object to this board getting
money and a great deal of money; I do not
object to the Government spending money in
this District; bat I do ask that this money
shall be applied to relieving the people of the
District worn some of the burdens imposed
upon them by the action of this board. This
board had the fight to levy ta&es for one third
of thess improvements upon the property ben-
efited. Now I think this money should take
the place of these assessments, so that the
poor people in this District, whose property
is being taken and sold for these improve-"
ments, shall be benefited by allowing this sum
of money to go for the payment of their
assessments.
Mr. ^ MERRIAM. As a member of the
Committee on Banking and Currency, I wish
to correct the honorable gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Cox.] He said that a majority of
the Committee on Banking and Currency were
in favor of taxing the banks for the new issue
of bank notes. Now I wish to say that a ma-
jority of the Committee on Banking and Cur-
rency. of which I am a member, are opposed
to taxing the banks twice for the same purpose.
We have already collected taxes from the
banks for this very purpose. I will also state
in regard to the amount Of tax on the banks,
which has been stated by the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Randall] at $85,000,000,
there 
Mr. .RANDALL. Forty million dollars.
Mr. MERRIAM. The Comptroller of the
Currency reports that from 1866 to 1871 (four
years} the national banks have been taxed
over $71,000,000.
Mr. RANDALL. That includes State taxes
and everything else.
Mr. MERRIAM. The Comptroller of the
Currency also states that the profits of the
banks upon their capital and upon their circu-
lation in the year 1872, after paying taxes,
was only eight and three fourths per cent.—
less than the profits of most any other business
in this country, aud this in a time of general
prosperity. We must remember that this
business is more exposed to heavy loss than
any other business, should disaster and finan-
cial panic come upon us; a business wholly
respectable but badly maligned.
Mr. Speaker, it is unnecessary for me to say
that there exists in this House a prejudice very
ungenerous toward the national banks Of this
country. I remember the time when this
country stood in the balance of life and death,
with an empty Treasury, when the officers of
the national banks in the city of New York
came together and by unanimous vote sub*
scribed for $150,000,000 of our national
bonds.
Mr. RANDALL. They were compelled to
do that.
Mr. MERRIAM. That was as patriotic a
vote as any member of this House ever cast or
ever will, because it saved the country.
Mr. RANDALL. The blood of the coun-
try saved it, not the paper money.
Mr. MERRIAM. Next to the brave men
who went to the front and fought treason, the
men who came forward and loaned the Gov-
ernment all their fortunes .deserve our grat-
itude, and not this incessant war upon their
business.
Mr. SARGENT. I now yield a few minutes
to the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Beatty.]
Mr. BEATTY. Mr. Speaker, the proposi-
tion which thia bill contains, to provide for
the retirement of mutilated national bank
notes, has been twice beaten in this House.
It is a job, and I trust to-day it may be
defeated again. There is in my judgment no
necessity for the expenditure it contemplates.
The national banks are now returning through
their redeeming agencies and otherwise all
mutilated notes which come into their posses-
sion. No torn notes can under existing law
continue in circulation for a single day, for
the simple reason that they cannot be
from hand to hand at their face value. This
necessitates their return to the bank where
issued, and their exchange at the Treasury
Department. The return and exchange of
these notes is not, therefore, sipaply a volun-
tary matter on the part of the bank officers.
They are compelled to keep their currency
good in order to obtain for it circulation among
the people, and I am very sure that the national
bank notes are in just as good condition to-day
as the greenbacks and in far better condition
than the fractional currency of the Govern-
ment. •
If for the purpose of making the exchange
of bank notes proposed by this bill the Sec-
retary of the Treasury should require the
banks to send in their notes more rapidly than
they are now doing, it might seriously embar-
rass and derange the entire business of the
country. It would be possible, indeed, under
this bill to withdraw from circulation and lock
up for a time fifty or a hundred millions of cur-
rency, and thus produce a scarcity of money
which would result in serious loss to the peo-
ple. In fact the bill gives the Secretary of the
Treasury control of the entire circulation of
the banks, and the power to ruin half the
business men of the country. He is made the
sole judge, as I understand, of what notes
shall be regarded as worn and mutilated. The
intention of the bill is to retire the old notes
and issue new ones, and a note which has been
in circulation but a week may be ordered back
for exchange.
This bill, instead of deterring the counter-
feiter, would encourage him and increase the
number of counterfeits by opening up to him
a wider and more profitable field of opera-
tions. The face of the present national bank
note is familiar to the people. The counter-
feits are fully described in every bank-note
reporter, and well known to the business men
of the country. The counterfeiter, therefore,
finds it both difficult and dangerous to use
them. Make new plates and issue new notes,
and you afford him two fields in which to
operate instead of one. While the people are
becoming familiarized with the face of the
new note, they will be easily deceived by even
poor imitations of it, and as the recollection
of the old note gradually fades away, they will
be easily deceived by counterfeits of that also.
The fiber paper which it is proposed shall be
used will be no protection. The counterfeiter
is already able to make or obtain a very good
imitation of it, and give him but sufficient
inducement and he will manufacture it, or
what will very readily pass for it, to any
extent.
Is it proposed to make new plates and issue
new notes every time the old notes are counter-
feited? This policy would give employment to
all the engravers in the world, and cost more
than the banks are worth. You cannot entirely
prevent counterfeiting. Spurious notes and
coins have been made ever since genuine coin
and notes were introduced. You may to some
extent guard against counterfeiting, by em-
ploying only the best engravers and making
the notes as perfect as the most cunning head
and expert hand can make them, but you can
do nothing more, except to punish the coun-
terfeiter when he is detected. New plates will
give him new courage and new opportunities.
The best argument in favor of the national
banking system is the fact that the notes of
all the banks are alike, and the people are able
to study and know them and thus tell the coun-
terfeit from the genuine.
Under the old system of State banks no one
could become familiar with the face of all the
notes in circulation. The opportunities of the
counterfeiter were therefore very great, and as
a consequence the country was flooded with
counterfeits, and the best judges of money were
very often deceived.
It is said the twenty-dollar note has been so
closely imituied that it is difficult to distinguish
between the genuine and false. This, if
true, may be a good reason for calling in and
canceling the comparatively few twenties, but
it shouldbe remehlbered that the great bulk
of our circulation consists of ones, twos,
fives, and tens. These hav6 not been Counter-
feited to any considerable extent, and these
are the notes in general circulation among the
people. The fact that the twenties hS.Ve been
counterfeited is not reason sufficient for Re-
tiring notes of a smaller denomination at an
expense of over a million dollars, is not ev^n
a plausible excuse for doing so.
It is true the banks are taxed one per cent,
per annum on their circulation to pay the cost
of Supplying them with notes, bat this tax
comes into the Treasury like other t&xes, and,
if needlessly expended, is so much lost to the
Govern m ent. This bill Proposes a useless and
needless expenditure. The present bank notes
are good, and the present bank-note plates are
good, quite as good as they can be made.
As to the proposition to impose a new tax
on the banks for the purpose of making the
proposed change of notes, I submit that we
have no more right to impose an unnecessary
expense upon the banks than Upon the Gov-
ernment, and if the object to be gained is not
worth the money which it will cost, we ought
to reject it.
Mr. SARGENT. I yield now to the gen-
tleman from Maryland, [Mr. Ritchie. 1
Mr. RITCHIE. Mr. Speaker, I have been
very much puzzled by the arithmetical calcu-
lations brought forward upon the respective
sides of this controversy. I do not expect to
thread safely this mathematical labyrinth. I
give it up as a conundrum which I cannot
solve. But I am thoroughly satisfied that it
is the duty of the Federal Government to be
liberal to the city of Washington. We have
destroyed as it were_ its local character ; we
have assumed the entire control of it; we have
dedicated it as it were to Federal uses ; aud it
is an obligation incumbent upon us in my
judgment to see that this capital is worthy of
the character and destiny of the country.
The other day we voted four or five million
dollars to build a custom-house at Chicago; at
another time we voted $3,000,000 to erect a
public building at Philadelphia for the use of
the Government. The other day we made a
large appropriation to Boston. And the city
of New York has received in this way an im-
mense amount of money. Now I suspect at
limes that there is a spirit of rivalry in the
opposition to appropriations for this District.
Years ago the cry was made that this was
a neglected spot; that it was given over to
miasma; that it was a mere pasture-field.
Thus this city was held up to ridicule. But
now when it is attempted to make this a city
worthy of the country, opposition arises upon
all sides. In addition to my interestin Wash-
ington as the national capital, I feel, as a citi-
zen of Maryland, good will toward this city as
a neighbor. On local, as well as national
grounds, I wish to see it flourish.
As to the question of corruption on the part
of the board that is controlling public works in
this District, I have not been satisfied that any
criminality exists in that respect; but at any
rate if the question is one of " rings," you had
better keep the city government in the hands
of the "ring "that has it, upon the principle
of the fox and the flies in the fable. Gentle-
men will recollect that when the fox was almost
eaten up by a swarm of flies, aud when it was
proposed to brush them away, he said, "for
Heaven's sake, do not do it; for those flies are
all full. If you drive them away, a fresh swarm
will take their places, and suck from me my last
drop of blood." [Laughter.]
Now, I do not propose to indorse the impu-
tations which have been east upon the gentle-
men constituting the Board of Public \Voiks,
but I say if they have been guilty of malfeas-
ance call them to account. They are your
officials. You have taken away from the peo-
ple of this District the right of local self-gov-
