If 58
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 12,
that number 17,021 were added of soldiers of
the war of 1812. under our late law. Ninety-
one hundred and four were dropped from the
rolls during the year, having either died or
their names having been removed as being
fraudulently there. There are now 79,085
applications for pensions pending before the
Pension Office. The Commissioner estimates
that about one half that number are probably
correct applications and will at last be granted.
But as the new applications come in, the per-
centage of fraudulent or other applications
that will not pass increases, so that, as I have
said, we may believe that we are near the top,
perhaps at tie top, as regards the amount of
our pension list.
There was an increase in the expenditure
of the Pension Office, or rather in the amount
of pensions paid, during the past year of
$750,000, as estimated at the office, in conse-
quence of the law which passed Congress
increasing the amount of pensions paid to a
certain class of persons.
If no gentleman has any question to ask or
suggestion to offer, I move that the committee
rise and report the bill. I submit in connec-
tion with my remarks a letter in answer to an
inquiry made by me at the Pension Office, show-
ing how much money is distributed, what part
of it is paid in fees and for agents, and what
par1, in actual pensions distributed in the
various classes.
The letter is as follows:
Departmks-t of thk Intebiok,
Pension Office,
Washington, D. C„ Xorembrr 29,1872.
Sir: In accordance with your request to more par-
ticularly itemize the estimate for appropriations for
the payment of pensions for the fiscal year ending
June 30, 1874,1 have the honor to submit below an
estimate of the amount that will probably be re-
quired for each purpose specified in the estimate
before the committee:
Army Pensions.
For invalid pensions  $10,475,000
For artificial limbs and commutation
therefor....  20,000
For transportation of soldiers requiring
limbs from residence to place of man-
ufacture  5,000
Total for invalid pensions  10,500,000
For widows and dependent relatives'
pensions $16,050,000
For compensation to pension
agents under joint resolution
of July 17. 1>>62, and act of
July 30,1864   200,000
For expenses of agencies and
fees for administering oaths... 250,000
Total for widows  16,500,000
For soldiers and widows of soldiers of
the war of 1812  3,000,000
Total for Army pensions..™  330.000,000
Navy Pensions.
For invalid pensions  $150,000
For artificial limbs and commutation there-
for   4.000
For transportation to such as receive limbs 1,000
For compensation to pension agents under
acts above recited  2,000
For expenses of agencies and fees for pre-
paring vouchers and administering oaths 3,000
Total for Navy invalids  160,000
For widows and dependent relatives' pen-
sions   340,000
Total for Navy pensions  8500,000
I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your
obedient servant,
J. W. BAKER, Commissioner.
IIon. J. A. Garfield, Chairman of Committee on
Appropriations, Home of Representatives.
Mr. MAYNARD. I desire to make a sug-
gestion to the gentleman from Ohio. I think
it is better that we should appropriate as much
as is necessary in addition to the naval pen-
sion fund, co nomine et in numero, so that our
bill will show that we appropriate only the
additional amount necessary to meet these
pensions.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I will say in
reply to the gentleman that the committee in
drafting this bill have followed the language
that has been used for several years, and the
Department have construed it just as the gen-
tleman desires they should do. We thought
it best to follow the usual phraseology.
Mr. MAYNARD. I am very well aware of
that, but by the terms of the bill we are placed
in theattidude of appropriating $480,000 when
we really do not appropriate that amount,
taking into consideration the interest on the
naval pension fund.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The gentleman
will see that the naval pension fund lying in
the Treasury is in the nature of an asset,
and the interest upon it is ou our credit side.
This very properly goes upon the side of
expenditures.
Mr. MAYNARD. The chairman of the
Committee on Appropriations certainly under-
stands the matter differently from what I do.
As I understand it, this naval pension fund is
held in trust by the Government for the benefit
of the officers and seamen of the Navy. We
receive the interest ou that fuud, but as the
bill is now worded we appear to appropriate
more for this purpose thau we really do.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The gentleman
recognizes the fact that the Government of the
United States has possession of this lund and
keeps an account with the fund of the pay-
ments made from it to pensioners. A regular
account is kept, and the matter of charging
and crediting is a mere matter of book-keep-
ing. We have followed iu this bill the usual
form.
Mr. MAYNARD. I would suggestan amend-
ment, to add the words "in addition to the
income of the naval pension fund, $60,000."
Then we shall appropriate by this bill only
$60,000, instead of $480,000 as we now appear
to do.
Mr. DICKEY. Would not that involve us
in the old trouble, of having a separate naval
pension fund? We have covered the whole of
that fund into the Treasury, and the disposi-
tion of the proceeds is, after all, a mere mat-
ter of book-keeping.
t Mr. MAYNARD. The proviso to the bill
is in these words:
Provided, That the appropriation aforesaid for
Navy pensions, and the other expenditures under
that head, shall be paid from the income of the Navy
pension fund, so far as the same may be sufiicient
for that purpose,
Now we know exactly what that income is,
$420,000, and why not say that we appropri-
ate $60,000 in addition to that, instead of
appropriating $480,000 in bulk.
Mr. DICKEY. If the gentleman will move
to abolish the existence of such a thing as the
naval pension fund, he will be right. But
this is, afterall, a mere matter of book-keep-
ing, as I have said. We have covered the
fund into the Treasury and have assumed the
duty of paying these naval pensions.
Mr. MAYNARD. But the vicious feature
of it is, that we appear to appropriate a much
larger sum than we really do.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I move that
the committee rise and report the bill to the
House. 1
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, Mr.
Hoar reported that the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union had, accord-
ing to order, had under consideration the bill
(H. R. No. 2990) making appropriations for
the payment of invalid and other pensions of
the United States for the year ending June 30,
1874, and had instructed him to report the
same back to the House without amendment,
' with the recommendation that it do pass,
j Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I move the
; previous question on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. GAllFIELD, of Ohio, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed ;
and also moved that the motion to recousider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
EXTItA wages OF SEAMEN.
The SPEAKER. Last January the gentle-
man from Ohio, Mr. Monroe, introduced a
bill (H. R. No. 961) to amend the law which
requires consular officers of the United States
to collect three months' extra wages on the
discharge of seamen, and the bill was referred
to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. That
committee reported adversely upon it, and it
now lies upon the table. That gentleman
desires and the committee are willing to have
the matter reconsidered. If there is no objec-
tion, the bill will be taken from the table and
again referred to the committee for further
consideration.
No objection was made ; and it was ordered
accordingly.
consular agent.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the
following message from the President of the
United States:
To the Hou e of Representatives ;
In compliance with section two of the " act mak-
ing appropriations for the consular and diplomatic
expenses of the Government for the year ending
June 30, 1871, and for other purposes," I herewith
transmit a report received from the Secretary of the
Treasury, giving the name of, the report made by,
and the amount paid to the single consular agent
of the United States. XJ. S. GRANT.
Executive Mansion, December 12, 1872.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I move that
this message, with the accompanying report,
be referred to the Committee on Appropria-
tions without being printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I move that
the House do now adjourn.
Pending the motion to adjourn,
INTERNAL REVENUE OFFICERS.
Mr. DAWES. I understand that the Senate
has passed with amendments the bill of tha
House No. 2994, for the reduction of the
officers and expenses of the internal revenue.
I ask that the amendments be non-concurred
in, and a committee of conference asked.
The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman state
where Ihe bill now is ?
Mr. DAWES. I suppose it is on the
The SPEAKER. The Chair is informed
that it has not been returned from the Senate.
leave of absence.
Mr. Killinger was granted leave of absence
for four days.
Mr. Crebs was granted leave of absence
until after the holidays.
Mr. Walls was granted indefinite leave of
absence.
immigration.
Mr. CONGER. House bill No. 1925 to pro-
mote immigration is now upon the Calendar of
business, pending a motion to reconsider the
vote by which the House referred it to a com-
mittee. I give notice that I propose on Wed
nesday next, immediately after the reading of
the Journal, to call up the motion to recon-
sider and submit it to the House for its con-
sideration and action.
adjournment till monday.
Mr. COX. I move that when the House
adjourns to-day it be to meet on Monday next.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. My motion that
the House now adjourn I believe is pending.
The SPEAKER. The motion to fix the
time to which the House shall adjourn takes
precedence of the motion to adjourn.
The question was taken on the motion
of Mr. Cox; and it was not agreed to, there
