1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
169
being, on a division—ayes forty-four, noes not ;
counted. '
The motion to adjourn was then agreed to ;
and accordingly (at four o'clock p. m.) the
House adjourned. j
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, ifcc., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. BUTLER, of Tennessee: The peti-
tion of Nancy Patton, praying arrears of
pension.
By Mr. COBURN : The petition of the sure-
ties of James 8. Collins, of Santa F6, New
Mexico, for funds stolen from the United States
depository after said Collins had been mur-
dered.
Also, the petition of General Alexander S.
Webb, to be placed on the retired list.
By Mr. MOREY: The memorial of the
National Board of Trade, held in New York
in 1872. in favor of a ship-canal from the Mis-
si-=ippi river to the Gulf of Mexico, below
Fort St. Philip, Louisiana.
By Mr. PLATT: The petition of Junius B.
Coraan. S. D. Ferguson and others, of Rus-
sell county, Virginia, for an amendment to the
bankrupt law securing homestead exemption.
Also, the petition of James M. Adams, Nim-
rod Adams, and others, citizensof Scottcounty,
Virginia, upon the same subject.
By Mr. PRICE : The petition of Jasper N.
Martin, of Dawson county, Georgia, late a
number of the twelfth Tennessee cavalry,
pr.iving an invalid pension.
By Mr. ROGERS, of New York: The peti-
tion of sundry citizens of the State of New
Y"rk. asking a pension for William W. Sweet,
of Clinton county, New York.
By Mr. SWANN: Th^memorial of William
B. \Viison, grandson and heir of George Wil-
son, deceased, and the coheirs of George Wil-
son. praying indemnity for French spoliations.
Also, a memorial upon the same subject
from R. M. Reese, of Baltimore, Maryland, for
himself and others.
By Mr. UPSON : The petition of Thomas
Williams, for pension.
Also, the petition of Michael Talman, for
p<_ nsion.
IN SENATE.
Friday, December 13, 1872.
Prayer by Rev. E. D. Owen, of Washing-
ton, District of Columbia.
election of president pro tempore.
The Secretary (George C. Gorham, esq.)
called the Senate to order, and said : The Sec-
retary has received the following communica-
tion from the Vice President:
Vice President's Chamber,
Washington, December 12,1872.
Dear Sir: Please state to the Senate when it
assembles to-morrow that I shall be at that time
te:i!|iorjrily absent from the city.
Respectfully yours,  „
SCHUYLER COLFAX.
Hon. Geoboe C. Gorham,
Si cretary of the United States Senate.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Secretary,
I offer the following resolution, and ask for its
present consideration:
Jlctnherl, That in the absence of the Vice Presi-
dent, Hon. Henry B.Anthony be, and he is hereby,
chosen President ol the Senate pro tempore.
The Secretary put the question on the reso-
lution ; and it was adopted nem. con.
Mr. Anthony accordingly took the chair as
President of the Senate^ro tempore.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I offer the fol-
io sving resolution, and ask for its present con-
sideration :
lle«ohed, That the Secretary wait upon the Pres-
ident ot the United States and inform him that in
the absence of the Vice President the Senate has
chosen lion. IIknuy B. Aniiiony, a Senator from
the State of ItUodu Island, President of the Senate
pro tempore,' and that he make asimiliar communi-
cation to the House of Representatives.
The resolution was agreed to.
The Journal of yesterday's proceedings was
read and approved. !
rear admiral daiilgren.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will lay before the Senate the bill (S. No.
1059) authorizing the settlement of the claim
of the estate of the late Rear Admiral John A.
Dahlgren, returned from the House of Repre-
sentatives. This bill was returned in compli-
ance with a request of the Senate, on the motion
of the Senator from Nebraska, [Mr. Tipton,]
with a view to enter a motion to reconsider.
Does the Senator make his motion now?
Mr. TIPTON. I did ask, the day before
yesterday, that a motion be entered for the re-
consideration of the vote by which that bill
was passed.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill
had passed out of the possession of the Sen-
ate, and it was necessary to recall it from the
House before that motion could be made.
The motion can now be entered if the Sen-
fttor desires
Mr. TIPTON. Then I ask that that motion
be entered. I was not aware that that was
requisite.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The mo-
tion will be entered.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. SUMNER presented the petition of
Benjamin Cook, of Kingston, Massachusetts;
the petition of Robert and Arthur Mitchell,
; of Holyoke, Massachusetts; the petition of
[ Eliza Ann Tilghman, of New Bedford, Massa-
I chusetts, and the petition of Calvin C. Adams
! and others, praying to be indemnified for spoli-
j ations committed by the French prior to the
year 1801; which were ordered to lie on the
table.
I Mr. FLANAGAN presented the petition of
Mary E. Purnell, widow of the late Dr. George
W. Purnell, of Jefferson, Texas, praying that
she be compensated for cotton seized by Uni-
ted States forces under command of General
Halbert E. Paine, at the parish of East Feli-
i ciana, Louisiana ; which was referred to the
Committee on Claims.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, presented a peti-
tion of Alfred Watts and others, citizens of
Maine, merchants, praying for the removal of
taxes on State and national banking institu-
tions ; which was referred to the Committee
on Finance.
Mr. EDMUNDS presented the petition of
George W. Mauro and others, citizens of Mary-
land, praying to be indemnified for spoliations
committed by the French prior to the year
1801; which was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. HAMLIN presented the petition of
Paine Brothers and others, citizens of Maine,
merchants, praying for the removal of taxes on
State and national banking institutions ; which
was referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. CONKLING presented the petition of
Edward H. Van Wyck, of the State of New
York, assistant surgeon United States Navy,
praying for an increase of pay ; which was
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. TRUMBULL presented the petition of
Anna M. Hamer, of Vermont, Fulton county,
Illinois, granddaughter and heir of Captain
Andrew Morris, and Susan M. Harlan, her co
heir; the petition of W. F. Whitmore, of
Ottawa, Illinois, an heir, and for and in be-
half of the other heirs of Ebenezer Whitmore,
lateof'Newburyport, Massachusetts, deceased ;
and the petition of J. Paul Jones, grandson
and heir and for the coheirs of Edward Jones,
deceased, praying to be indemnified for spoli-
ations committed by the French prior to the
year 1801; which were ordered to lie on the
table.
Mr. HITCHCOCK presented the memorial
of II. B. Dontnun, superintendent, of Indian
affairs for the .northern superintetidency,
praying for the passage of a bill for his relief
on account of certain public moneys stolen
from him at Omaha, Nebraska; which was
referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. CARPENTER presented the petition of
Dorcas Harvey, heir of William C. Brashears,
deceased, praying payment for services of said
Brashears as lieutenant in the navy of the re-
public of Texas, prior to its annexation to the
United States; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut, presented the
memorial of A. G. Batchelder and Mrs. Alsie
M. Thompson, praying for the extension of a
patent for a ■' double-acting car brake; " which
was referred to the Committee on Patents.
reference of a bill.
Mr. POMEROY. I ask that the bill which
I had the honor to introduce some days ago,
and which was then laid on the table, the com-
mittees not having been appointed—a bill (S.
No. 1202) to prohibit the manufacture, import-
ation, and sale of intoxicating liquors as a bev-
erage in the Territories of the United States
and in the District of Columbia—be referred
to the Committee on Finance. The petitions
on that subject have been referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance, and I therefore ask that this
bill be referred to the same committee.
The PRESIDENTpro That order
will be made.
reports of committees.
Mr. CRAGIN. The Committee on Naval
Affairs, to whom was referred the bill (H. R.
No. 3010) to authorize the construction of six
steam vessels of war, have had the same under
consideration, and have instructed me to report
it back with an amendment and recommend its
passage ; and I desire to give notice that on
Monday next, or at an early day next week, I
shall try to call up the bill for consideration.
Mr. PATTERSON. The Committee on the
District of Columbia, to whom was referred
a petition relative to the manufacture, sale,
and importation of intoxicating drinks, ask to
be discharged from its further consideration,
and that it be referred to the Committee on
Finance, as that whole subject has since been
referred to that committee.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. PRATT, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom was referred the petition of
Winslow J. Fries, of the city of Philadelphia,
praying to be allowed a pension, submitted an
adverse reportthereon; which was ordered t*
be printed.
Mr. DAVIS, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No. 2908}
to refund to Thomas C. Magruder certain
moneys stolen from him in 1859, reported
adversely thereon and moved its indefinite
postponement; which was agreed to.
15levator in tiie capitol.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, from the Com-
mittee on Public Buildings and Grounds, to
whom the subject was referred, reported a bill
(S. No. 1243) to authorize the construction of
a steam passenger and freight elevator in the
.north end of the Capitol; which was read and
passed to a second reading.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I ask to have
the bill read at length.
The Chief Clerk read the bill, which pro-
poses to appropriate the sum of $8,500, or so
much thereof as may be necessary, for the
construction of a steam passenger and freight
elevator in the north end of the Capitol, under
the direction of the architect of the Capitol.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. This is to
supply an original defect in the Capitol that
has been so long before the eyes of Senators
that I think there can be no objection to act-
ing on the bill. It proposes to allow the con-
struction of an elevator in the northwestcorner
of this building for the use of Senator!-',-and
also for carrying up fuel and documents. It
