1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1133
ing a pension to Thomas Lunney, reported it
without amendment; and submitted a report,
which was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was recommitted the bill (H. R. No. 2431)
granting a pension to John Davis, corporal of
the night-wateh on board the United States
ship Octorara, reported it with an amendment;
and submitted a report, which was ordered to
be printed.
Mr. AMES, from the Committee on Com-
merce, to whom was referred the bill (8. No.
1302) authorizing the construction of a bridge
across the Missouri river, reported it with an
amendment.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Texas, from the Com-
mittee on Pensions, t.o whom was referred the
bill (H. R. No. 2634) granting a pension to
Cordelia C. Dougherty, reported it with an
amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 2441) grant-
ing a pension to Annie Bagley, reported ad-
versely thereon ; and the bill was postponed
indefinitely.
He also, from the same committer, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 2531) grant-
ing a pension to Armstrong O'Hara, reported
adversely thereon ; and the bill was postponed
indefinitely.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 2469) grant-
ing a pension to Peter Brewer, reported ad-
versely thereon ; and the bill was postponed
indefinitely.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 2471) grant-
ing a pension to John Heddinger, reported
adversely thereon ; and the bill was postponed
indefinitely.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Texas. I am also
directed by the same committee, to whom was
referred the bill (H. R. No. 2532) granting a
pension to Edward G. Hunt, to report it back
to the Senate adversely. It appears from evi-
dence on file among the papers that the per-
son to whom the pension is proposed to be
granted died before the passage of the bill in
the House. We therefore report adversely on
the bill.
The bill was postponed indefinitely.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Texas, from the same
committee, to whom was referred the memo-
rial of Adon Bernard, of France, praying to
be allowed suitable recognition of the services
of her grandfather during the revolutionary
war, asked to be discharged from its further
consideration, and that it be referred to the
Committee on Revolutionary Claims ; which
was agreed to.
Mr. WEIGHT, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill (S.
No. 1497) fixing the time of holding the Uni-
ted States district court for the district of
Nebraska, and fixing the salary of the judge
thereof, reported it with an amendment.
Mr. SAULSBURY, from the Committee on
Pensions, to whom was referred the bill (H.
R. No. 2557) granting a pension to William
D. Boyd, reported adversely thereon; and the
bill was postponed indefinitely.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 2558) grant-
ing a pension to Elizabeth Jones, reported
adversely thereon ; and the bill was postponed
indefinitely. .
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 2559) grant-
ing a pension to Henry A. White, reported
adversely thereon; and the bill was postponed
indefinitely. . ,
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 2661) to grant
a pension to Edward Tucker, reported ad-
versely thereon; and the bill was postponed
indefinitely. ,
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (fl. R. No. 252/) granting
a pension to Deborah Witham, reported it
without amendment.
CONTROL OP TERRITORIAL MATTERS.
Mr. NYE. I am directed by the Committee
on Territories, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 1439) to transfer the control of certain
powers and duties in relation to the Territories
to the Department of the Interior, to report it
back without amendment, and as it is a bill of
but a single section, and it is quite important
that it should be passed now, I ask the unani-
mous consent of the Senate for its present con-
sideration.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill. It provides that the Secretary of the
Interior shall hereafter exercise all the powers
and perform all the duties in relation to the
Territories of the United States that are now
by law or by custom exercised and performed
by the Secretary ef State.
Mr. EDMUNDS. What does that mean ?
Mr. NYE. It means precisely this: that
the accounts of Governors, &c., certain classes
of officers which are now kept in the office of
the Secretary of State, shall be transferred to
the Secretary of the Interior. This is a thing
that they have asked for for a long time. This
will enable the entire territorial accounts to
be kept in one Department.
Mr. CONKLING. And the selection of
officers and all that be made through that
Department?
Mr. NYE. Yes, sir. It relieves the De-
partment of State from the charge of the Ter-
ritories, and it places them under the control
of the Interior Department, where they belong.
Mr. CONKLING. They were there form-
erly, were they not?
Mr. NYE. Yes, sir.
The Hill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
AMENDMENTS TO APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. CRAGIN and Mr. SCOTT submitted
amendments intended to be proposed by them
to the bill (H. R. No. 3351) making appropri-
ations for the naval service for the year ending
June 30, 1874, and for other purposes ; which
were referred to the Committee on Appropri-
ations, and ordered to be printed.
MRS. M. S. MORSE.
Mr. SCHURZ submitted the following
report:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the House bill No. 333,
for the relief of Mrs. M. S. Morse, administratrix
and wido.w of Isaac B. Morse, deceased, having: met,
after full and free conference, have agreed to recom-
mend and do recommend to their respective Houses
as follows: . .
That the House rec'ede from their disagreement to
the first of the Senate amendments, and agree to the
SaThat the Senate recede from their second amend-
ment. and agree to the same with the following
amendment: strike out all of the faenate amend-
ment, and insert in lieu thereof the following,
namely: "in addition to the amount heretofore
paid, the sum of fifteen dollars per diem from the 7th
day of November, 1858, to the 28th day of Novem-
ber. 18CT. both inclusive."
J. K. WEST,
Managera on the part of the Senate.
JASPER PACKARD.
THOMAS SWANN,
LEONARD MYERS, .
Moftagcrx on the part of the Mouse.
The report was concurred in.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN asked, and by
unanimous consent obtained, leave to intro-
duce a bill (S. No. 1540) in aid of the execu-
tion of the laws in the Territory of Utah, and
for other purposes ; which was read twice by
its title, referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. CRAGIN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No 1541) for the relief of Alexander Swift
& Co., and the Niles Works of Cincitma<i,
Ohio; which was read twice by its title, re-
ferred to the Committee on Naval Affairs, and
ordered to-be printed.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
1542) for the relief of Alexander Swift & Co.;
which'was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Naval Affairs, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. SAWYER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1543) to aid the Leland University and
Augusta Institute; which was read twice by its
title, referred to the Committee on Education
and Labor, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. CLAYTON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1544) to repeal an act authorizing terms
of the United States district court to be held
at Helena, Arkansas, and for other purposes ,*
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. LOGAN (by request) asked, and by
unanimous consent obtained, leave to intro-
duce a bill (S. No. 1545) to provide for an
American ocean steam mail service, and for
a naval reserve; which was read twice by its
title, referred to the Committee on Post Offices
and Post Roads, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. CALDWELL asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1546) donating the military reservation of
Port Harker, in the State of Kansas, to said
State for the seat of an industrial normal
school; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. WEST asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
1547) for the relief of John W. Hickey, of the
State of Louisana; which was read twice by
its title, referred to the Committee on Claims,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. WRIGHT asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
1548) to authorize the President of the United
States to ascertain the value of certain lands
in the State of Iowa, north of Raccoon Fork
on the Des Moines river, held by settlers under
the preemption and homestead laws of the
United States ; which was read twice by its
title, referred to the Committee on Public
Lands, and ordered to be printed.
BILLS RECOMMITTED.
Mr. CLAYTON. I ask consent of the
Senate to take up the bill (S. No. 628) author-
izing terms of the United States court to be
held at Fort Gibson in the Indian territory, so
as to have it recommitted to the Committee
on the Judiciary. It is of kindred nature to
the bill which I introduced a while ago.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
recommitted to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary if there,be no objection. The Chair hears
no objection.
Mr. MACHEN. I move that the bill (H.
R. No. 2803) for the relief of Samuel S. Potter,
now on the Calendar, reported February 3
without amendment, be recommitted to the
Committee on Claims, together with additional
papers in the case, which I now present.
The motion was agreed to.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning
business has concluded ; and the next business
in order during the morning hour is the con-
sideration of bills on the Calendar under the
so-called Anthony rule.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I would ask
unanimous consent to take up the bill (S. No.
1524) for the relief of John H. Pendery, sur-
viving partner of Pendery & Gamble, attor-
neys.
Mr. PRATT. I object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Indiana objects.
Mr. BLAIR. I desire to ask the Senate to
