1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2093
ate has passed the bill (H. R. No. 4057)
to amend an act entitled "An act to reduce
duties on imports and to reduce internal
taxes, and for other purposes," approved June
6,1872, andforother purposes, with an amend-
ment, in which he was directed to ask the
concurrence of the House.
The message also announced that the Sen-
ate has passed with an amendment the bill (H.
R. No. 3368) for the relief of B. H. Jarrett.
The message further announced that the
Senate had passed a bill (S. No. 1575) to
establish a board of local inspectors of steam
vessels for the custom house district of Mich-
igan, in the State of Michigan, in whieh he
was directed to ask the concurrence of the
House.
impeachment of judge delahay.
The SPEAKER. The Chair directs the
reading of the following resolution adopted by
the House.
The Clerk read as follows:
Resolved, That a committee of throe be appointed
to go to the Senate and at the bar thereof, in the
name of the House of Representatives and of all the
people of the United States, to impeach Mark H.
Delahay, judge of the United States, district court
for the district of Kansas, of high crime and misde-
meanor in office, and acquaint the Senate that the
House will in due time exhibit particular articles
of impeachment against him and make good the
same, and that the committee do demand that the
Senate take order for the appearance of said Mark
H. Delahay to answer the said impeachment.
The SPEAKER. Under that resolution
the Cbair appoints the following committee:
Mr. Benjamin F. Butler, a Representative
from Massachusetts; Mr. John A. Peteks, a
Representative from the State of Maiue; and
Mr. Clarkson N. Potter, a Representative
from the State of New York.
tenth judicial district.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I ask
consent to report from the Committee on the
Judiciary a bill to establish the tenth judicial
district, which bill is unanimously recom-
mended by the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. CREBS. I object.
bridge across the arkansas.
Mr. HAMBLETON submitted the follow-
ing report:
'Ihe committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the amendments of the
House to the bill ol the Senate No. 245 amendatory
of an act authorizing the construction of the
bridge across the Arkansas river, report that hav-
ing met, after a full and free conference, they have
been unable to agree. HAMBLET0N)
P1IILETUS SAWYER,
Managers on the part of the House,
B. J?. RICE,
POWELL CLAYTON,
GEO. If. EDMLNDri,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
Mr. BOLES. I understand that the Senate
have receded from their disagreement to the
first and second amendments of the House to
this bill. I now move that the House recede
from its third amendment to the bill.
Mr. HOLMAN. I hope that will not be
done.
Mr. SAWYER. I desire to say that there
is now already one bridge chartered at Little
Rock, and this is for a second bridge.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. Is not one all that
is needed?
Mr. SAWYER. It is. I therefore move to
lay this bill on the table.
Mr. BOLES. I do not yield for that
motion. •
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Wis-
consin [Mr. Sawyer] is a member of the con-
ference committee.
Mr. BOLES. I know that.
The SPEAKER. And of course is first
entitled to be heard. _ -
Mr. BOLES. Does not a motion to recede
take precedence.
The SPEAKER. Not of a motion to lay
on the table.
Mr. BOLES.
I want to state to this House
that the bridge which the gentleman from Wis-
consin [Mr. Sawyer] speaks of as having been
chartdfed at Little Rock is the second bridge.
Mr. DICKEY. What is the regular order ?
The SPEAKER. The motion to lay this
bill on the table,
Mr. DICKEY. That motion is not debat-
able I believe.
The SPEAKER. The Chair, if no objec-
tion is made, will hear the gentleman from
Arkansas, [Mr. Boles.]
Mr. SARGENT. Is there not another
bridge close to this?
Mr. BOLES. This bill relates to the first
bridge chartered. I want the House to under-
stand 
Mr. DICKEY. You cannot make the House
understand anything now.
Mr. BOLES. There has been a second
bridge chartered which is now trying to com-
pel the first bridge companyto buy their charter
in order to get control of the river. The object
is a black-mailing operation, to force this bridge
which is already built to buy them off by the
payment of a large sum of money. I hope the
motion to lay on the table will not prevail.
The question was taken upon the motion to
lay on the table; and upon a division there
were—ayes 54, noes 53; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Sawyer and
-Mr. Boles were appointed.
The House again divided ; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes 53, noes 75.
So the motion to lay on the table was not
agreed to.
Mr. BOLES. I move that the House recede
from its third amendment.
Mr. SHELDON. I move that another con-
ference be asked.
The SPEAKER. The motion to recede
takes precedent.
Mr. BOLES. The Senate has receded from
its disagreement to the first and second amend-
ments. I now move that the House recede
from its third amendment.
Mr. HOLMAN. I ask that the amendment
be read.
The amendment was read. It was to insert
after the word "required" the words, "by
the Secretary of War."
Mr, BOLES. In case the bridge has to
make any change in its construction on
account of being an obstruction in the river,
if this amendment is adopted, and the change
is made at the suggestion of the Secretary of
War, the bridge company would have to pay
the expense of the change. By not agreeing
to that amendment the expense of any change
would be borne by the bridge company,
whether suggested by the Secretary of War or
not.
Mr. HOLMAN. I ask that that portion of
the bill be read as proposed to be amended.
The portion was read, as follows:
Provided, That if any change in the plan of said
bridge shall ever be required by the Secretary of
War, by reason of it being an obstruction to naviga-
tion such change shall be made at the expense ot
the company, and the United States shall never be
liable in any way for the same.
Mr. HOLMAN. It seems to me clear that
these words should be retained. Will the
House pretend to allow the Government to sad
die itself with the expense of removing these
obstructions ? Gentlemen must see that this
amendment should remain.
Mr. BOLES. The House will see that if
this amendment be retained, and if a court
should dccree a change to be made in this
bridge, it would have to be made at the ex-
pense of the Government. If the amendment
be stricken out, any change that may be made,
either by order of a court or of the Secretary
of War, will be at the expense of the company.
But if the amendment be retained any change
not ordered by the Secretary of War must be
at the expense of the Government.
Mr. HOLMAN. The gentleman is mistaken
as to the effect of this provision. The effect
of striking it out will be that, although this
may be found an obstruction to the navigation
of the river, and although its removal may be
required by the War Department, (under the
control of which, according to our settled pol-
icy for two years we have placed all these
bridges,) the Government will have to bear
the expense. Now, even if the gentleman's
position were plausible, I submit that upon
a question involving not only the naviga-
tion of the river, but the possible liability of
the Government in the future, the subject
should be made clear by the examination of a
committee of conference. X trust, therefore,
the gentleman will consent that this subject
shall be sent to another committee of con-,
ference.
Mr. BOLES. Mr. Speaker, this bill has
already been sent to two committees of con-
ference. It was sent to the second committee
last May. To send it now to another com-
mittee means the defeat of the bill in order to
assist certain men in blackmailing the com-
pany that is now building this bridge. I insist
that the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Hol-
man,] is wrong in his construction; if he is
not, then the Senate of the United States has
been in great error, as shown by the debate
there on this subject. I call for a vote on my
motion to recede.
The question being taken on the motion of
Mr. Boles, there were—ayes 49, noes 43 ; no
quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Holmas and
Mr. Boles were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 73, noes 57.
Mr. SAWYER. I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
So the motion to recede was agreed to.
Mr. BOLES moved to reconsider the vote
just taken ; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
mary a. p. brown.
Mr. BANKS. I wish to report a bill which has
been unanimously agreed to by the Committee
on Foreign Affairs, and to which there can be
no objection if the House understands the case.
It is the bill (H. R. No. 3614) for the relief
of Mrs. Mary A. P. Brown, widow of the late
secretary of the United States legation at the
Ottoman Porte.
The bill, which was read, directs the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to pay to Mrs. Mary A.
P. Brown, widow of John P. Brown, late Sec-
retary to the United States legation at the
Ottoman Porte, the sum of $10,000 out of any
moneys in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated.
Mr. HOLMAN. Does this bill come from
a committee?
Mr. BANKS. It is unanimously reported
from the Committee on Foreign Affairs. It
was to have been reported by the honorable
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Morgan,] who has
been called away by sickness in his family.
The delegation from Ohio have requested me
to make this report.
Mr. HOLMAN. Is there a printed report ?
Mr. BANKS. There is one which will sat-
isfy the House that the bill is perfectly just.
The report was read. •
Mr. BANKS. I think there.will be no ob-
jection to this bill.
Mr. AMBLER. I do not wish to antag-
onize this bill; I do not know but that it may
be entirely right. All I desire to say is that I
was not present at the meeting of the com-
mittee when this bill was authorized to be
reported. , ,
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. BANKS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on th§
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
