1136
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 6,
has decided that that court had not jurisdie
tion.
Mr. EDMUNDS. What does the Senator
mean by saying that this suit is pending in the
Court of Claims ?
Mr. THURMAN. The bill says so. The
suit was brought 
Mr. EDMUNDS. Does not the Senator
know as a fact that the suit has been dis-
missed years ago ?
Mr. THURMAN. The bill says:
Whereas doubts exist touching the jurisdiction of
the Court of Claims over the suit now pending in
said court against the United States for the re-
covery of a tract of land claimed to be a part of the
commons of Carondeiet, instituted by the city of
Carondelet: Therefore,
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of JZenreient-
atives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled. That jurisdiction be, and hereby is,
granted to tbo Court of Claims to hear and determ-
ine said cause.
That is, the suit now pending. If there is
no suit pending, then this bill is very unfortu-
nately drawn. I had nothing to do with that,
and have never seen it until this moment; but
the bill recites that depositions have been
taken in that cause, which the court entertained,
and it is to be presumed, therefore, that the
depositions were properly taken, the pleadings
properly made up; and I do not see why all
that should be lost when you give an appeal
to the Supreme Court where the question may
be ultimately decided. It ought to be decided,
and decided speedily, and 1 do not think it
would be very wise to turn the parties off and
say to them "go to the circuit court, and get
the case from the circuit court of Missouri up
to the Supreme Court of the United States."
Why not let them go on, on the pleadings they
have made up and the testimony they have
taken, to get the case before the Supreme
Court and have it decided ?
I know nothing about this title; I do not
know whether the title is bad or good; but,
as I understand, the Court of Claims have
decided in favor of Carondelet. Am I right?
Mr. BLAIR. The Court of Claims decided
in favor of the jurisdiction, but on the merits
the court was equally divided.
Mr. THURMAN. That makes certainly a
fair case for litigation, and I do not think we
ought to compel them to commence de novo.
I shall therefore vote for the bill.
Mr. BAYARD. I propose to vote in favor
of giving these parties or the city authorities
of Carondelet their day in court, and consider
the tribunal chosen as one eminently fit to
decide this question, certainly much better
than the Senate. I move to amend the bill on
line four by inserting after the word "determ-
ine" the words "the matter in controversy
in;" so as to read, " that jurisdiction be, and
hereby is, granted to the Court of Claims to
hear and determine the matters in controversy
in said cause, subject to the right of appeal
by either party to the Supreme Court of the
United Stales."
Mr. THURMAN. I wish to make a sug-
gestion to my friend in regard to that. That
might be construed not to give the court juris-
diction to try this cause, if there was no cause
there the_amendment would do no harm; but
it there is a cause, as the bill recites, the
language, " to hear and determine the matter
m controversy m said cause," might lead to
an interpretation that, though it would be
very erroneous, might be held not to give the
jurisdiction to hear this particular cause, but
to hear the controversy in some other form.
Mr. BAYARD. What they desire, as I un-
derstand, is to have a substantial determina-
tl0ifr0CrTrT^-.'^?lrr'®{1}a ky a proper tribunal.
Mr. THURMAN. If the Senator will change
his amendment a little, and put it in after the
word cause, so as to read, " determine said
cause and the matters in controversy therein
it will do. '
Mr. BAYARD. Very well.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Delaware modifies his amendment
so as to propose to insert after the word
"cause" the words "and the matters in.con-
troversy therein."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed; and the amendment was concurred in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, and was read the third time.
Mr. EDMUNDS. On the passage of the
bill I ask for the yeas and nays. '
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 85, nays 14; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Blair, Caldwell,
Carpenter,Casserly, Clayton, Cooper, Cragin, Davis,
Perry of Michigan, Hamlin, Johnston, Kelly, Lewis,
Machen, Morrill of Maine, Pool, Ramsey, Ransom,
Rice, Robertson, Saulsbury, Sawyer. Schurz, Sher-
man, Spencer, Sprague, Stevenson, Stewart, Stock-
ton, Thnrman, Tipton, Vickers, and Windom—35.
. NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Buckingham, Cameron,
Chandler, Conkling, Edmunds, Ferry of Connecti-
cut, Fifelinghuyson, Harlan, Morrill of Vermont,
Nye, Pratt, Trumbull, and Wright—14.
ABSENT—Messrs. Alcorn, Boreman, Brownlow,
Cole, Corbett, Fenton, Flanagan, Gilbert, Gold-
thwaite, Hamilton of Maryland, Hamilton of'Texas,
Hill, Hitchcock, Howe, Logan, Morton, Norwood,
Osborn, Patterson, Pomeroy, Scott, Sumner, West,
and Wilson—24.
So the bill was passed.
papers "withdrawn.
On motion of Mr. HAMLIN, it was
Ordered, That Harriet W. Pond have leave to
withdraw her petition and papers from the files of
the Senate, and that the Secretary be directed to
retain a copy of the same.
message erom the iiocse.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had concurred in the amend-
ment of the Senate to the bill (H. R. No. 2880)
for a public building at Atlanta, Georgia.
The message further announced that the
House had concurred in the report of the com-
mittee of conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses on the bill (H. II. No. 3010)
to authorize the construction of six steam ves-
sels of war. and for other purposes.
The message also announced that the House
had concurred in the report of the committee
of conference on the disagreeing votes of the
two Houses on the bill (H. R. No. 3496) to
amend an act entitled "An act to establish a
uniform system of bankruptcy throughout the
United States," approved March 2, 1867.
special investigating committee.
Mr. STEVENSON. Mr. President, I rise
to decline service on the special committee
upon which I was appointed yesterday, and to
ask the Senate to excuse me. I would not
seek exoneration if it were possible for me to
discharge the duty and perform the labor
which will devolve upon this committee. I
have sought to shrink from the discharge of
no duty which it has been the pleasure of the
Senate or its Presiding Officer to impose upon
me during my brief service here ; but I am
already on two standing committees which
require most of my time when the Senate is
not in session.
Several subjects of importance, involving
both public and private interest, have been
confided to me by the Committee on Indian
Affairs for special examination. I have made
some progress and spent some time in their
investigation, and should soon be ready to
report. Other important subjects of inquiry
are pending before the Committee on Appro-
priations, whose constant labors are known to
the Senate. It is impossible for me to dis-
charge my duties on the two standing commit-
tees named and to act on this special commit-
tee of investigation. I therefore throw myself
on the indulgence of the Senate and ask them
as a matter of personal favor to excuse me.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. An-
thony.) The Senator from Kentucky moves
that he be excused from service on the special
committee appointed yesterday.
_ Mr. HAMLIN. Personally, certainly there
is no Senator in this body whom I would grat-
ify more readily than I would the Senator from
Kentucky ; but I think the Senator's state-
ment would apply to every member of this
body. I can conceive of no member here who
at this late hour is not embarrassed with busi-
ness matters pertaining to subjects committed
to his charge. I do not know of one. If there
is such a one here, he is indeed a most fortu-
nate Senator. I cannot therefore see but that
the rule here invoked, if applied in this case,
would apply to us all and all would be excused
from service on this committee.
The Presiding Officer of this body was
directed to make this appointment; and I think
the Presiding Officer—1 am speaking of you
now, sir, [Mr. Anthony in the chair,] not of
the Vice President—had aright to expect that
all the Senators would cooperate with him in
the discharge of what was not a pleasant duty
for him to perform ; and he having performed
it, Senators ought to yield equally and be will-
ing to perform their part of that duty which
devolves upon them. With every personal dis-
position to excuse the Senator from Kentucky,
I hope he will withdraw his request.
I saw my friend from New Jersey [Mr.
Stockton] on his legs and I was more than
half inclined to believe that he might come in
with alike request. I do not know; but it
seemed to be foreshadowed at least when the
Senator arose in his place. If that be so and
if my friend from New Jersey desired to be
excused, I venture the assertion that he can
give no better reason than every Senator in this
body can give.
I want to say one word more. I think the
committee appointed by yourself, sir, com-
mends itself to the good judgment of every-
body as fair and just, composed of Senators
who will deal with the matters committed to
them as right and justice in all their bearings
shall demand both to the body and to the men
who are implicated.
Now, I wish the Senator from Kentucky
would reconsider his position and conclude to
act upon this committee, and not ask the Sen-
ate to excuse him.
Mr. STEVENSON. What my honorable
friend from Maine [Mr. Hamlin] has stated
may all be true, but no one knows better than
himself that the labors of some of the standing
committees of the Senate are much more oner-
ous and demand four times as much time as
many others. I should not have made this re-
quest but that really I have special subjects of
inquiry upon my hands now that require more
time than I can devote to them, and I should
have to lose the labor I had already bestowed
upon these iuvestigations if I be required to
serve on this committee. There are claims
involving large amounts of money, as the
chairman of the Committee on Indian Affairs
will testify, which, as I stated just now, have
been committed to my special inquiry by that
committee. Their proper investigation often
requires information from the several Depart-
ments which demands close and laborious ex-
amination. ^ I have made some progress in
these inquiries. I am nearly ready to report
on some of them. Now, I should have to
lose and give up all the labor performed, if I
be required to serve on this committee. I
am ready to meet any just responsibility and
to discharge any duty, however painful, which
the Senate may impose on me officially : nor
do 1 shrink from labor, but I have no "time
to devote to the important duties of a special
committee, and ] therefore again throw 1113.sell'
on the courtesy of the Senate iti asking them
to substitute some other Senator in my stead
Mr. SCOTT. Mr. President, I can appre-
ciate fully the motives which prompts the
Senator from Kentucky to ask to be excused
Irom serving 011 this committee, a committee
which carries with it certainly undesirable
and disagreeable duties. I can appreciate
the motive which he has given. I may sav to
the benate that if it be recognized as a good
one, certainly it can be followed by applica-
tions which will double th&- cogency of that
