1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
173
record the disposition of the Senate to make
this bill the same as the one passed for the
relief of Chicago, placing the East and the
West on the same basis. That was my object.
Mr. SI'MXE11. But I desire to have it
understood that there is no such question as
placing the East and the West on the same
basis. The Senator himself has contributed
to this debate a decisive fact. He has told us
that Michigau at the time was a sufferer, and
that it was not right under those circumstances
that the lumber of Michigan should contribute.
Therefore there was reason for an excep-
tion in the Chicago bill which does not apply
to the present bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I hope that we shall
agree to the amendments of the committee,
and make this bill just like the Chicago bill.
All of this legislation is of very doubtful pro-
priety, in my opinion ; but, like legislation
for claimants and postmasters and postmis-
tresses, it is a kind of legislation that appeals
to our sympathy. It is really a method of
donating to sufferers by a fire something from
the public treasure. That is what it comes to
really, and I expect to vote in favor of this bill
if it is put on exactly the same footing as the
Chicago bill was, whether any very good
reason can be given for it or not. But I think
we have gone as far as we in safety and pro-
priety can go in the direction of legislating in
this class of cases at all. Therefore I should
vote against anything which gave to Boston
any broader or different or other relief than
we gave to the city of Chicago.
There is force, of course, in what the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts has said about this
lumber question as connected with Michigan ;
but when you go to the State of Vermont, for
instance, there are many Boston firms who
were great losers by this fire who have great
lumber yards; and it is to make an unjust
discrimination against them for the benefit of
other sufferers by that fire if you declare that
lumber for Boston shall come in free of duty.
Hence, I should hope that our friends from
Massachusetts would be satisfied to take this
exceptional and abnormal legislation just as
narrow as it was in the Chicago case, although
it may not equal what they think it ought
to be.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, I certainly
do not wish to pressanyt.hing here that is not
fair and just in itself. I am not disposed now
to consume the time of the Senate in discuss-
ing any question of power. The facts are
these : when a great fire swept over a portion
of New York the sufferers came here and
asked for a remission of duties. The Gov-
ernment acted, assumed this power, and aided
them by a remission of duties. San Francisco
had a misfortune, and, if I recollect correctly,
we did something to relieve the sufferers there.
Mr. COLE. No.
Mr. WILSON. Then I am mistaken as to
that case; but at any rate an effort was made.
Then Portland was swept by a fire, and we
passed an act by general consent allowing a
drawback on articles imported to rebuild that
city in which lumber was included. Then
we had one last year, a case which touched the
feelings not only of our own country, but of
the world, in regard to Chicago. We passed
an act like this for Chicago. It was opposed ■
because it would take a great deal of money
out of the Treasury or keep a great deal from
going into the Treasury. Now it is ascertained
that it has done very little of that, but what
was the effect of it? I have no doubt the effect
was to save Chicago several millions of dollars
in being rebuilt. The tendency was to keep
down combinations of speculators and jobbers ;
and some of the great evils that curse this coun-
try arise from combinations for the purpose of
making corners and putting up prices. Already
since the fire in Boston that tendency is shown
there. I am told that brick in the neighbor-
hood of Boston at this time has gone up twenty
dollars a thousand. I do not suppose this j
bill will take much money out of the Treasury.
I have no idea that any considerable amount
will go out if the bill should pass as it came from
the House of Representatives; but I do sup-
pose the effect will be that it will tend to keep
down combinations of speculators and persons
who try to make money out of the misfortunes
of their fellow men. Therefore, as lumber is
one of the main articles, as no such argument
can be made here as wa3 made by the Senator
from Michigan when the Chicago bill was
pending, I do hope that this amendment will
not be made.
That there has been suffering, not only in
Boston, but in Vermont, in Maine, and in all our
portion of the country, there can be no doubt.
There is a great deal of money that was burned
in Boston that is lost all over New England ;
but I believe it to be for the interest of every
portion of the country that Boston like Chi-
cago shall be built up speedily. I think,
instead of the Government losing by what it
did in regard to Chicago, the Government has
gained and will gain by it. The encourage-
ment it gave, the heart it put into crushed
men, aided in speedily building up that great
city of the West; and I believe the Govern-
ment and the nation will be better for it, and
I believe the same result will follow in Bos-
ton ; and if in the years to come there should
be another desolation in any of the cities of
this country like the present, I hope there will
be heart enough in the country among those
who do not suffer greatly, to encourage,
strengthen, and build up those who are
smitten.
Mr. THURMAN. Mr. President, this bill
is one on which there is some danger of the
heart running away with the head, and that
may be said of all such bills. There is cer-
tainly a very grave constitutional question
involved in this bill. It is one that has engaged
the consideration of Congress, I admit, re-
peatedly, in principle. If my memory is not
at fault, the first bill passed by Congress that
bears any analogy to this was a bill for the
relief of people in Venezuela, a foreign coun-
try. I think Congress made an appropriation
for the relief of sufferers by fire or by earth-
quake—I do not remember now which it
was—in Venezuela. The subject was very
much discussed in 1846 or 1847 on a bill for
the relief of the sufferers from famine in Ire-
land, not a bill proposing a direct appropria-
tion by Congress, but a proposition to send a
national vessel to bear to that suffering coun-
try the individual contributions of the people
of America. Then came the Portland fire,
then the Chicago fire, and now comes this
great calamity at Boston. I am quite sure that
every Senator is disposed to exercise any con-
stitutional power we possess to afford relief to
the people of Boston. But there is a funda-
mental rule in regard to the Constitution, and
that is that where a power is doubtful the Legis-
lature ought to abstain from attempting the
exercise of it; but when the Legislature has
passed a law, then the judiciary will not hold
that to be unconstitutional unless it is mani-
festly so. The rule of action, therefore, in
the Legislature and in the courts are to some
extent different. The Legislature ought not to
pass a law unless its constitutionality be clear ;
the judiciary ought not tosetaside a lawunless
its unconstitutionality be clear.
Now, for one, I wish more light than I have
on this subject. Other Senators may have
considered this question so fully that their
minds are made upon the constitutional point.
I confess that mine is not; and I should be
very glad, therefore, before another precedent
of this kind is set, that this subject should re-
ceive careful judicial consideration. Fires
occur, calamities occur every year in the
country, and as the settlements extend they
will be more numerous. It will be very diffi-
cult to draw any line of distinction between 'a
calamity by fire or by a tornado or by an
earthquake or by a great flood. I do not see
how any distinction can be drawn; and if Con-
gress is to intervene with relief in every case
in which any community, however large or
however small, in the great extent of territory
belonging to the United States shall be a
sufferer, I do not know where will be the end
of our benevolence, the example being once
fully set.
I say, therefore, that this subject ought to
receive mature consideration, and now is as
good a time as any. It is well known to every
one who considers the subject that precedents
upon constitutional questions are of les3 value
than upon any other kind of question, because
affecting the fundamental law of the country,
affecting the people as long as the Constitu-
tion shall endure, wherever an error has been
committed, however it may be sanctified by
precedent and by time, it is the duty of the
Legislature, it is the duty of the courts, when
the question comes up again, to consider it, and
while paying due respect to the precedents
that have been set, not to be absolutely gov-
erned by them.
Now, it does seem to me that before any
more precedents are built up on this subject
this matter should receive a careful legal con-
sideration ; and I hope, therefore, that the
Senators who favor this bill will consent to
the motion I am about to submit, and that is
that the bill be referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary for report. I think I need not
say that that committee will give it a careful
and an upright consideration, and will report
it to the Senate at as early a day as possible.
Surely it will have no disposition to delay the
bill or to kill the bill, if it is one that ought to
pass; and certainly it will have no disposition
to deprive the Senate of expressing its own
judgment, whatever may be the opinion of
the committee upon the bill, by reporting it
at as early a day as possible.
I therefore move, Mr. President, that this
bill be referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, having
voted for the bill for the relief of Chicago, I
shall vote for this bill. This constitutional
argument, as it is called, was started then,
first under one clause of the Constitution and
then under another. Congress decided that it
had authority to pass the bill, and of couise
that the Constitution was not violated in its
passage. And although the Senator from
Wisconsin [Mr. Carpenter] speaks with very
great confidence that this is a palpable and
clear violation of the Constitution, and the
Senator from Ohio [Mr. Thurman] seems to
have great doubts about it, for my own part I
cannot see what clause of the Constitution is
to be violated by the passage of the bill.
Originally we were referred to a clause of
the Constitution that forbids discrimination
between the different ports of the United
States, and it was found that that clause was
not applicable to the bill that was then under
consideration for the relief of Chicago. Now
the Senator from Wisconsin refers us with
very great emphasis to another clause of the
Constitution, which declares that all duties
"shall be uniform throughout the United
States." This bill does not, so far as I can
understand it, infringe at ail upon that consti-
tutional provision. It makes no provision that
duties shall not be uniform throughout the
the United States. The Senator from Wiscon-
sin can import any of the articles referred to
here at New Orleans or at New York as well
as at, Boston, and wherever he imports them
he will be compelled to pay the duties upon
them. The Constitution says that duties shall
be uniform throughout the United States.
They are uniform. It makes no difference
where the brick or plate-glass is landed in this
country, the duty is the same at each place.
But, then, what is the bill? The bill pro-
vides that plate-glass, if you please, or other
articles going into the construction of certain
buildings in a certain locality, shall have a
