1873.
THE CON GKESSIONAL GLOBE.
2097
commended it; and if he bas made any com-
munication to gentlemen in confidential rela-
tions with him different from his official
communication to this House and to this com-
mittee, I think General Sherman has done
himself a great wrong. I merely speak, sir,
from his official recommendation sent with
his name.
Now, Mr Speaker, the Senate committee
were unanimous on that subject. I feel I will
not violate the confidence attached to the com-
munications made when they entered into com-
mittee when I say that a gallant rebel gen-
eral—General Ransom—said to the committee
that, the idea that eight hundred unbreeched
Indians should defy the United States was
humiliating to any one. The question is simply
whether we shall put the white flag in the face
of eight hundred naked, unbreeched Sioux. I
do not believe that the railroad progress of
this country or that the great tide of emigra-
tion flowing in from Europe to the great
West should be stopped by eight hundred un-
breeched Sioux.
Mr. JFARNSWORTH. How many forts
does the gentleman propose'to build for these
eight red nnbrepc'ned Indians?
Mr. DICKEY. We proposed to build two
posts, one in the Powder river country, and
the other on the Yellowstone. And instead
of going out in the summer—I am talking to
military gentlemen who will understand all
this-—General Sheridan and General Sherman
propose, instead of going out with a brass band
on the plains in the summer, to put up posts
where troops can be supplied and remain in
the winter. That is their .military judgment;
I have none upon the subject; still 1 think
I am. safe in following Sheridan, Sherman,
and Grant, even against the opinion of mili-
tary gentlemen of this House. I yield five
minutes to the gentleman trom Montana, [Mr.
Clagett.]
Mr. CLAGETT. It seems to me,-Mr.
Speaker, that this question is a very plain one.
When we come to consider the action of the
House of Representatives in making appro-
priations for the last two years it seems to me
that the House cannot avoid concurring in the
report of this committee, so far as this partic-
ular appropriation is concerned. We last year
made an appropriation of $500,000. This
year we have made a similar appropriation in
the Indian bill for the express purpose of feed-
ing these identical Indians who are standing
in the way of the progress of the Northern
Pacific railroad, and who threaten that unless
their demands are complied with, and that
road stopped in its progress, they will inau-
gurate hostile operations against the Govern-
ment.
This, sir, is not simply a question of national
honor; it is not simply a question as to whether
the United States Government will succumb
in a cowardly manner to the threats of eight
hundred, or nine hundred, or two thousand
Indiana. It is a question of economy, as \ p11
as one of decent respect for the honor ol the
Government. It is well known, sir, that on
the Missouri river, in all of those Indian agen-
cies, which extend from Yankton up, there are
more frauds committed and more money stolen
annually from the Government than there is
in almost all the other agencies of the United
States Government put together.
This section of country is entirely incapable
of being reached by the tortuous channel of
the Missouri river ; and the moment you ex-
tend this Northern Pacific railroad through
this section of country you will throw open to
inspection all these rotten spots, if I may use
the expression, in the Indian department.
This small expense therefore of $200,000 is
the most economical measure I have seen
offered in this House of Representatives this
winter. Even the peace commission, who
certainly are not men who are generally sup-
posed to be in favor of war, advocate this ap-
4'2d (Jong. 3d Sess.—No. lo2.
propriation, for the purpose of bringing these I
Indians within their jurisdiction and enabling
them to apply to their government the policy
which has been adopted by the United States.
Not only does the peace commission recom-
mend this, but it is also recommended by
General Sherman and General Sheridan and
by the Secretary of War. I think the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania [Mr. Dickey] stated
that there was an official recommendation for
this measure before the committee.
Mr. DICKEY. Yes, sir.
Mr. CLAGETT. I make the statement then
on the authority of the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, and also because General Sherman
told me he was in favor of it.
Now, a question has been raised here as to
whether military escorts will not do the work
contemplated to be done by these posts. In
the last two years the Government has. had
to appropriate $1,000,000 for the purpose of
keeping the Indians quiet in this section of
country, but it is utterly impossible that the
necessary protection can be afforded by mil-
itary escorts. An escort to be effective in
protecting this long line would have to con-
sist of at least a thousand men. We have evi-
dence of this>in the fact that last summer four
hundred troops of the United States acting as
an escort were driven off by the Indians. It
is necessary to have posts along the line of the
railroad within supporting-distance, in order
to prevent the necessity of these enormous
expenditures.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. DICKEY. I now ask for a vote.
The question was put on agreeing to the
report of the committee of conference, and on
a division there were—ayes ninety-eight, noes
not counted.
So the report of the committee of confer-
ence was agreed to.
Mr. DICKEY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the report of the committee of con-
ference was adopted, and also moved that the
motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
absalom kirby.
The House resumed the consideration of
business on the Speaker's table.
The next business was the bill (H. R. No.
2874) to restore Absalom Kirby as second
assistant engineer in the Navy, returned from
the Senate with an amendment.
The amendment was read and concurred in,
as follows:
In line two of the bill, after the word "authorized,"
insert" by and with the advice and consent of the
Senate."
steamer clara dolson.
Mr. MARSHALL, by unanimous consent,
from the Committee on Appropriations, re-
ported a bill (H. R. No. 4067) for the relief of
the owner of the steamer Ciara Doisou ; which
was read a first and second time, recommitted
to the committee, and with the accompanying
report ordered to be printed.'
coal lands.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
the bill (H. R. No. 522) to provide for the sale
of the lands of the United States containing
coal, returned from the Senate with an amend-
Ulfcllt.
The amendment of the Senate was read and
concurred in as follows:
Strike out tlio proviso as follows :
Provided. Tnat this act shall not apply to the
Territory of Alaska: And provided farther. That
nothing in this aut shall be construed to authorize
the taking of any lands gran ted to any railroad com-
pany.
A. I). WAR FX ELD AND L, N. WAR1UKU).
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the bill (H. R. No. 2767) granting a pen-
sion to Arvilla D. Warfield and Lindsay N.
Warfield ; which had been returned from the
Senate with an amendment.
The amendment was to make the bill read,
"Secretary of the Interior," instead of "Sec-
retary of the Treasury."
The amendment was concurred in.
ROBERT S. DUMONT.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the bill (H. R. No. 2555) granting an in-
crease of pension to Robert S. Dumont;
which had been returned from the Senate
with an amendment.
The amendment was to reduce the proposed
pension from thirty dollars to twenty-five dol-
lars per month.
The amendment was concurred in.
phe1se sofield.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the bill (H. R. No. 1271) to amend an
act entitled "An act granting a pension to
Phebe Sofield, widow of Louis Sofield; "
which had been returned from the Senate with
an amendment.
The amendment was to make the act date
from March 4, 18G0, instead of 1848.
The amendment was concurred in.
internal taxes, eto.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the bill (H. R. No. 4057) to amend an act
entitled "An act to reduce duties on imports
and to reduce internal taxes, and for other pur-
poses," which had been returned from the
Senate with amendments.
The first amendment was to strike out of line
four, page 1, the words "and macaroni or
vermicelli, thirty five per cent, ad valorem
and to add to line seven the words " and no
sale or pretended sale of such goods shall be
held to fix the value of the same."
The second amendment was to strike out
section six, and to insert in lieu thereof the
following:
That where locomotive engines or railroad cars
manufactured partially of wood grown in the 0nited
States are exported for drawbacks In section four of
the act of August 5, 1861, and entitled "An act to
provide increased revenue," &c., such articles shall
be entitled to such drawbacks under that act in all
cases when the imported material exceeds one half
tho value of the material used.
Mr. COX. I move that the House concur
in the amendments of the Senate.
Mr. BURCHARD. I ask that the House
non-concur and ask a committee of conference.
Mr. DAWES. I desire to say a single word.
Whatever may be the opinion ot the House
about striking out " macaroni or vermicelli,"
the Senate has striken out a section of the
House bill which is very important. It seems
to me that the sixth section of this bill is too
important to be lost.
The SPEAKER. The question is upon
concurring in the amendments of the Senate.
Mr. COX. Why not concur in the first
amendment and non-concur in the others.
Mr. DAWES. I think it would be better to
concur in neither ofthetn> and have a commit-
tee of conference, upon which, I will state, I
cannot be.
Mr. COX. I ask a separate vote on each
of the amendments of the Senate.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has that
right.
The question was taken npon concurring m
the first amendment of the Senate ; and upon
a division there were—ayes six, noes not
counted.
The next amendment of the Senate was not
concurred in.
Mr. BURCHARD. I now move that the
House ask a conference on the _ disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on this bill.
The motion was agreed to.
ANNA MARIA BAILEY.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the bill (H. R. No. 2474) granting a pen-
sion to Anna Maria Bailey ; which had been
returned by the Senate with amendments.
The amendment was to grant the pension to
