2098
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
George H. E. Bailey instead of to his mother,
Anna Maria Bailey.
The amendment was concurred in.
ZKNOS BRADLEY.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the bill (H. it. No. 2138) granting a pen-
sion to Zenos Bradley, of Allen, Alleghany
county, New York; which had been returned
by the Senate with amendments.
The amendments were to insert the words
" late a private of company A sixteenth regi-
ment of veteran reserve corps volunteers;"
also to add to the bill the words •' to be paid
at the rate of eight dollars per mouth from the
passage of this act."
The amendments of the Senate were con-
curred in.
message from tiik senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Sympson,
one of its clerks, announced that the Senate
had agreed to the reports if the committees of
conference on the Army appropriation bill
and the sundry civil appropriation bill.
The message also announced that the Sen-
ate had agreed to the resolution of the House
for printing extra copies of the testimony
taken before the committee of investigation
of which Mr. Poi.and was chairman.
indian hostilities in montana.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was Senate amendments to the joint resolution
(H. Ii. No. 23) to enable the Secretary of
War to pay the expenses incurred in suppress-
ing the Indian hostilities in the Territory of
Montana in the year 18G7.
The amendments wero read, as follows :
Strike out the resolving olauso and insert the
words " bo it onaotcd, &o.
.Strike out in linos eightoon, ninotoen, and twenty
fcho following:
And r.o the original claimant only or his personal
representative; but no assignment of any suoholaim
sliiill be valid.
Amend tho title by striking out "joint resolu-
tion," and insorting " an act."
Mr. DONNAN. I hope the amendments
will be concurred in. The words which the
Senate proposes to strike oat are already a part
of an existing law.
The amendments were concurred in.
Mr. 1)0NN AN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the amendments were concurred in ;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
sheldon ii. lbak1s.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was Senate amendments to the bill (II. R. No.
3bll) to remove the legal disabilities of Sheldon
K. Leake, of Albemarle county, Virginia.
The amendments were read as follows:
In lino two strike out tho words "legal and."
Amend tho title so as to roadAn act to remove
tho disabilities of Sheldon F. lioako, of Albomario
county, Virginia."
The amendments were concurred in.
agricultural colleges.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will now read
the action of the Senate in reference to Senate
bill No. 693.
The Clerk read as follows:
That the Senate disagree to tho amend-
ments of the House of Representatives to tho Senate
bill No. OIK, to provide tor tho further endowment
and support of colleges for the benefit of agrieutfuro
and mechanic arts, and tho liberal and practical
education of the industrial closes in the several
pulsuits and professionsm life, established under
an act of Congress approved July 2,1802, and ask a
conference with the House on tho disagreeing votes
of the two Houses tborcon.
Ordered, That Mr. Mueuill of Vermont, Mr.
Sawyer, and Mr. Stevunsox bo tho conferees on
tho part of the Senate.
Mr. PERCE. I hope that no conference
will be appointed on this bill.
Mr. HOAR. I rise to a question of order.
The Chair, in asking unauimous consent to
proceed to the consideration of these matters
on the Speaker's table, announced that the bills
taken up would be those on the printed Cal-
endar. Having in my mind this bill, I exam-
ined the Calendar, and finding it waa not
there, I made no objection.
The SPEAKER. This bill is npt on the
printed Calendar, but it is nevertheless on the
Speaker's table, and is subject to tho same
two-thirds vote as other bills.
Mr. HOAR. Had I known that this bill
was embraced in the order, I should have
objected to proceeding to the Speaker's table.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will ob-
serve that, however much he may be opposed
to this bill, he has lost nothing by the action
which has been taken, because the bill can-
not be acted upon favorably now except by a
two-thirds vote; and with such a vote in its
favor it could at any rate have been taken up
under a suspension of the rules.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to lay the bill on
Ihc table.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will not enter-
tain that motion. The only question is, shall
the request of the Senate be granted? To
decide this question in the affirmative a two-
thirds vote is necessary.
Mr. PERCE, I have had charge of this
matter; and 1 hope that the request of the
Senate for a conference will not be agreed to.
The question being taken on acceding to the
request of the Senate for a conference, it was
decided in tho negative.
steamship service in gulf 01? mexico.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the bill (S. No. 57) authorizing mail
steamship service in the Gtllf of Mexico,
between the port of New Orleans and certain
ports in the republic of Mfexieo.
Mr. FARNS WORTH. I move that this bill
be referred to tho Committee on Commerce.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks it will
be.best to adhere literally to the order which
has been made. If the bill does not obtain a
two-thirds vote, it must bo laid aside ; and a
two-thirds vote could at any rate reach it
wherever it might be.
The bill was read.
Objection being made, the bill was again
laid upon the Speaker's table.
coast survey.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the following concurrent resolution from
the Senate:
Jtcwlvcd bv the Senate, (tho House of Representa-
tives concurring,) That thero bo minted thirty-fivo
hundred extra copies of tho report of tlio Superin-
tendent of the United St.atos Coast Survey for 1872, of
which ono thousand shall bo for tho use ot tho Son-
ato, fifteen hundred for tho uao of tho Houso, and
ono thousand lor tho use of the Superintendent of
tho Coast Survey.
On motion of Mr. BANKS, the resolution
was referred to tho Committee on Printing.
smithsonian report, etc.
A concurrent resolution providing forprint-
ing ten thousand copies of tho last annual re-
port of the chief signal officer of tho Army,
and a concurrent resolution providing for print-
ing twelve thousand five hundred additional
copies of the report of the Smithsonian Insti-
tution for 1872, were on motion referred to the
Committee on Printing.
j.bavb to print.
Mr. BANKS, by unanimous consent, was
granted leave to print in the Globe some re-
marks which he had prepared in rel'erence to
the application of the telegraph to reports of
the weather. [See Appendix.]
Mr. KERR, by unanimous consent, was
granted leave to print in the Globe some re-
marks which he had prepared on the French
spoliation claims; and also a speech concern-
ing the jurisdiction of the House of Repre-
sentatives in cases of expulsion and impeach-
ment. [See Appendix.]
Mr. SWANN, by unanimous consent, was
granted leave to print in the Globe some re-
marks which, he had prepared in relation to
the matter on which the special committee of
which he was a member made a report touch-
ing the Union Pacific railroad and the Credit
Mobilier. [See Appendix.]
Mr. SARGENT, by unanimous consent,
obtained leave to print in the Globe some
remarks on the Sutro tunnel. [See Appendix.]
NATIONAL UNIVERSITY.
Mr. PERCE, from the Committee on Edu-
cation and Labor, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted a report on the bill (H. R. No. 2839)
to establish a national universitywhich was
ordered to be printed and recommitted.
mrs. nancy cloud.
The SPEAKER announced the following as
managers of the conference on the part of the
House on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses on a bill (H. R. No. 1243) to restore
Mrs. Nancy Cloud to the pension-roll: Mr.
Harris of Virginia, Mr. Wit.larT) of Ver-
mont, and Mr. Cobb of North Carolina.
tariff.
The SPEAKER also announced the follow-
ing as managers of the conference on the part of
the House on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses on a bill (H. R. No. 4057) to amend
an act entitled "An act to reduce duties on
imports and to reduce internal taxes, and foi
other purposes: Mr. Btjrchard of Illinois,
Mr. E. H. Roberts of New York, and Mr.
Buck of Kentucky.
enrolled bills.
Mr. BUCKLEY, from the Committee on
Enrolled Bills, reported that they had exam-
ined and found truly enrolled bills of the fol-
lowing titles; when the Speaker signed tho
same:
An act (H. R. No. 2484) for the relief of
Elizabeth Zluban;
An act (H. R. No. 2480) granting a pension
to John Tuell;
An act (H. R. No. 2461) granting a pension
to Lorenzo D. Hoyle ;
An act (H. R. No. 2490) granting a pension
to Margaret Miller;
An act (H. R. No. 2491) granting a pension
to Kitty A. Smith ;
An act (H. R. Ne. 2492) granting a pension
to Justus P. Jones ;
An act (H. R. No. 2988) granting an in-
crease of pension to Jedediah Gray;
An act (H. R. No. 3720) granting a pension
to Josiah Wilson, a soldier of the war of 1812;
An act (H. R. No. 3841) granting a pension
to Harper Smith ;
An act (H. R. No. 3796) granting a pension
to Emily Booth ;
An act (H. R. No. 3832) granting a pension
to Darant T. Hunt;
An act (H. R. No. 3812) granting a pension
to Ann Woods ;
An act (H. R. No. 3859) for the relief of
William Selden';
An act (H. R. No. 3831) granting a pension
to Ellen Collins;
An act (H. R. No. 3815) granting a pension
to James P. Rader;
An act.(H. R. No. 27G5) granting a pension
to Julia Cosgrove;
An act (II. R. No. 2766) granting a pension
to Mary Whalen ;
An act (H. R. No. 2494) granting a pension
to Nancy Osborn ;
o. 2424) granting a pension
to William B. Lilly ;
An act (H. R, No. 2456) for the relief of
Mary C. Griffin;
An act (II. li. No. 2482) granting a pension
to Unity Welch, ol Philadelphia, Pennsyl-
vania ;
An act (H. R. No. 1271) to amend an act
entitled "An act granting a pension to Phoebe
Sofield, widow of Lewis Sofield
An act (H. Ii. No. 1619) granting a pension
to Benjamin P. Berkley;
