1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1139
amendment reported again. As I understand |
it, that portion of the original amendment in j
relation to the discretion of the Secretary of j
State is stricken out and the provision is made j
general. The amendment that was under dis- ,
cussion last evening left this proposed increase
discretionary with the Secretary of State.
Mr. SCHURZ. It is so now. The amend-
ment reads, " subject to the same limitations
in said section contained."
Mr. DAVIS. Read that section or that
portion of it referring to this subject.
Mr. SCHURZ. The twenty-second section
of the act of 1856, reads as follows :
"A'/!'/ be it further enact ccl,". * "when-
ever he"—
the President—
"shall think there is sufficient reason therefor, to
allow consuls general, consuls, and commercial
agents, who are not allowed to trade, actual ex-
penses of ofiico rent, not to exceed in any case ten
per cent, of the amount of the annual compensation
allowed to such officer."
That is the way it reads; and the amendment
providing that the same limitations shall apply
as are provided in section twenty-two of the act
of 1856, of course they apply here.
Mr. COLE. There is a provision for rents
in the bill in line one hundred and thirty-five.
The item is:
For stationery, book-cases, arms of the United
States, seals, presses, and flags, and payment of
rent, freight, postage, and miscellaneous expenses,
including loss by exchange thereon, $100,000.
Mr. SCHURZ. Where is that?
Mr. COLE. At the bottom of the same
page. If this amendment is made, I submit
to the Senator from Missouri whether it will
not be necessary to increase that sum of
$100,000. It seems to me very likely it will
be necessary to do so.
Mr. SCHURZ. It does not increase that
appropriation.
Mr. COLE. My inquiry was, whether the
Senator intended to move to increase that sum
to meet his amendment?
Mr. SCHURZ. No, sir, I am not prepared
to do that. 1 merely want to give the Secre-
tary of State or the President a certain dis-
cretion in the disposition of that sum ; that
is all.
Mr. COLE. Then, may we not have a
deficiency in this particular item ?
Mr. SCHURZ. The Senator will observe
that this is a gross sum. We may or may not
have a deficiency. I do not know that.
Mr. COLE. It is all used up now under the
law allowing ten per cent., and if it is in-
creased to twenty per cent., will it not be
necessary to increase this appropriation of j
$100,000? ;
Mr. SCHURZ. I am not advised upon that :
point at all.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I desire to
ask the Senator from Maine what is the pres-
ent salary of the consul at Vienna? I see that
this bill proposes to leave the consul at Vienna
in the second class, and yet to raise the salary
to $5,000.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I will not speak
with entire confidence, but I think it is $2,600.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Is it not
§1,500?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I am not cer-
tain. .
Mr. EDMUNDS. According to the official
register it is $1,500.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. It may be. Ihe
salaries are not uniform.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I move to
strike out, on page 5, lines one hundred and
six and one hundred and seven, the words
" and hereafter the salary of the consul at
Vienna shall be $5,000." _ , .
Now, Mr. President, here is a proposition
not to put this officer in class one, but to leave
him in cluss two, and raise the salary up to the
compensation of class one ; and of course u
this is done every consul of that class next
year will come forward and ask to have his
salary raised to the same point.
But there is no commercial reason for rais- ;
ing this salary at all. If there are any reasons
for it, they must be merely personal. There
are many consulates in this class two, cer-
tainly, of very much more importance than
this of Vienna. Take the one at Prague.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The present compensa-
tion of the consul at Vienna is $1,500. The
salary is $1,500, and he gets some allowances
that amount to $300 more, according to the
Blue Book.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I understand
from my colleague that the present compen-
sation of this officer is $1,500, and the per-
quisites amount to $300 more, making $1,800.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is according to the
Blue Book.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Take Man-
chester ; take Zurich. There are more than
twenty places that are of more commercial
importance than Vienna. Vienna is a large
city, but it is an inland city with which we
have very little commercial intercourse.
I therefore trust that we shall not adopt
this proposition to increase the salary of the
consul at Vienna, and in this very peculiar
way, which will inevitably cause the consuls
at all these other places, who have stronger
arguments for increasing their salaries, to
come forward next year and have their salaries
increased. This item probably got in this
year on the expectation that the consul at
Vienna would have an unusual amount of
business thrown upon him in consequence of
the exposition to be held there. If so, make
him a donation of the amount that may be
necessary; but if the bill whio'n has already
passed the House and is now pending in the
Senate, in relation to the disbursements neces-
sary for the exposition at Vienna, shall pass,
as I suppose it will pass, then there will be no
necessity for raising the salary of this office.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. This motion, I
fancy, is to some extent founded upon misap-
prehension, or at any rate the remarks of the
Senator from Vermont are founded upon a
misapprehension of the law and of the effect
of classifying these consuls. They are not
classified with reference to their salaries.
Consuls general are the first class. These con-
suls are put into the second class without the
slightest regard to their salaries, so that my
honorable friend will see that if you increase
the salary of the consul at Vienna, it does not
follow at all that you must increase the others.
If he will look at the compensation of the
consul at Liverpool, who is in the same class,
he will find that it is $7,500.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If my friend will pardon
me, I wish to tell him how I think that is.
The law provides, as I understand it, that
upon all consular receipts which are payable
to the United States the consul shall be
allowed a certain commission, per cent., but
with a limitation that the amount he gets from
commissions from these fees shall not exceed
$6,000. That is the upward limit. If he col-
lects a very large sum of money and pays it
into the Treasury, then his commissions may
run up to $6,000. Then you add the $1,500,
the salary of consuls of class two, which is the
regular salary, and you get the $7,500 which
Mr. Dudley receives at Liverpool. I do not
mean to" say that since that class was arranged
somebody has not got some one consul changed
without attention being drawn to it. _
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. It runs right
through generally. What I mean to say is,
that the salaries are not classified or arranged
according to the classes at all.
Now, one word as to the propriety ot increas-
ing the salary at Vienna. This provision came
from the House of Representatives, as will be
seen by the bill. The reason for the increase
is this: the court of Vienna at the present
time is the most expensive of all the courts
of Europe. That, is th<- opinion of the com-
mittee, and that is the principal reason why
this increase should be made. Vienna, as the
Senator from Vermont says, does not begin to
compare with Liverpool or some other cities
of Europe in a commercial point of view; but
if we are to have a consul there, we must pay*
him a salarj' somewhat proportionate to that
received by consuls at other places. Vienna
is a place of sufficient importance, one would
think, and has relations with this Government
of a character that, would seem to justify the
proper payment of the consul at that place.
The consul came before the committee, I think,
or at any rate made a statement, to me—-
Mr. STEVENSON. Yes, sir, before the
committee.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. He said that
he bad paid a very large proportion of what
this salary would be in the mere rent of his
office. Rents there are very great indeed..
These are the only reasons, I take it, for in-
creasing his salary, and it strikes me they are
ample ; but I wish to relieve my friend from
Vermont from the impression that there is any;
danger that this will be a contagious example'
by which others may come and ask the same"
thing.
Mr. STEVENSON. I agreed at first with
the view taken by the Senator from Vermont;'
but subsequently I looked into this question
and came to a different conclusion. The sal-
ary fixed for the consulate at Vienna was
$2,000. Since that time consulates have been
established at Prague and other neighboring
cities, which reduce the emoluments of this
consulate. The business at Vienna, notwith-
standing the reduction of the salary, has in-
creased, and the expenses of living at Vienna
have almost trebled. In order that the Sen-
ator from Vermont mayunderstand the ground
upon which the committee acted I will have a
letter read from the consul himself, which was
read to the House of Representatives, and
which gives the facts more in detail than any
statement which I could make to the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The letter
will be read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Hon. Chairman Committee on Appropriations.
Mouse of HepresentaHves, Washington, D. C.:
Sir: I have the honor to ask your attention to
the following facts: . j * *i_
1. The amount heretofore appropriated tor the
salary of the consul at Vienna has been the same as
was fixed for the office when the consulate was first
established, and before its business-had beooine im-
portant. „ „ j .
2. The appointment of a consul at Prague reduced
the emoluments of the consul at Vienna, so that
notwithstanding the increase of business and of the
expense of living in that city, tho consul now re-
ceives but $2,000, out of which he must pay his
clerks, while the fees (nearly $7,000) are paid into
the Treasury of the United States.
3. A universal exhibition is to bo held at Vienna,
and if any provision is to be made for the increased
expense attending it, it must bo made in the present
appropriation bill.
These facts, and others to be hereafter stated, do
not apply to any other consulate, and therefore 1
indulge the hope that yourcommittee will grant the
necessary relief by the insertion of a section in the
appropriation bill placing the consulate at \ lenna
on the same basis as theother consulates of Kiirope.
The consuls at the neighboring cities, like Prague,
Nuremburg, Dresden, and Berlin, arc allowed iocs
not exceeding 82,500, besides clerk hire, and are also
allowed to do private business. Where the salaries
arc fixed the consuls are not permitted to do busi-
ness, and in the smaller and less expensive cities,
like Bremen, Frankfort. Rotterdam, and Havre,
the allowances are from three to six thousand dol-
lars each, though at none of those places is there as
much business done or as groat an amount of lees
received as at Vienna. .
The amount allowed for consular services at lion-
don is $7,500, and at Paris ®5,000, for rent, besides
clerks. The necessary expenses of living at Vienna
are greater than at either of those capitals, and_(ex-
cept for clerk hire) as great an allowance is required.
It is only desired to have tho consulate at v lenna
put on an equality with other consulates similarly
situated, and that it may be done bofore the exhi-
bition of 187S commences. , ,
In fixing the amount I trust that it will be re-
membered that Vienna has become the most expen-
sive city of liuiope. , , -
This is doubtless due to its rapid growth—the
city and suburbs now contain about a million inoaO-
itants-to its fluctuating currency, which has  
creased the expenses of living ; to its extraordinary
taxes, there being n heavy tax on everything edible
