1873.
THE CONCxltESSTONAL GLOBE.
2099
An act (H. R. No. 2563) granting a pension
to William E. Parley and John M. Parley ;
An act (H. R. No. 3250) to relieve Francis
E. Spinner, Treasurer of the United States ;
An act (H. R. No. 3249) for the removal
of the political disabilities of I. Ernest Meiere,
of the State of Maryland ;
An act (H. R. No. 3810) granting a pension
to Anderson W. Scott;
An act (H. R. No. 4059) to change the
name of schooner Andrew Stewart and steamer
Sleepy Hollow;
An act (H. R. No. 3807) granting a pension
to William D. Tomlinson;
An act (H. R. No. 3806) granting a pension
to Millie A. Howard;
An act (H. R. No. 3324) fixing the time for
the election of Representatives from the State
of California to the Forty-Fourth Congress;
An act (H. R. No. 2692) to provide for the
establishment of a military prison, and for its
government;
An act (H. R. No. 3811) granting a pension
to James McKean;
An act (H. R. No. 3310) to authorize the
National Bank of Springfield, Missouri, to
change its name;
An act (H. R. No. 3797) granting a pension
to Ada Lois Harrison ;
An act (H. R. No. 3821) granting a pension
to Mary Mullins ;
An act (H. R. No. 3799) granting a pension
to Antoirie Brossa ;
An act (H. R. No. 3800) granting a pension
to Job S. Goff;
An act (H. R. No. 3919) to authorize the
President to ascertain the value of certain
lauds in the State of Iowa, north of the Rac-
coon fork of the Des Moines river, held by
settlers under the preemption and homestead
laws of the United States;
An act (H. R. No. 1800) granting a pension
to Samuel Shuler, late a private in company
E sixty-first regiment of Pennsylvania infantry
volunteers ;
An act (H. R. No. 2912) for the relief of
Peter J. Burehell;
An act (H. R, No. 1444) granting a pension
to Susan Davis, dependent mother of William
W. Davis, deceased, late a private in company
E one hundred and third regiment of Penn-
sylvania infantry volunteers ;
An act (FI. R. No. 3901) granting a pension
to Mary E. Foster ;
An act (H. R. No. 3827) granting a pension
to Ann Hensley;
An act (H. R. No. 3808) granting a pension
to Chancy J. Poore ;
An act (H. R. No. 2339) granting a pension
to Sarah Pond ;
An act (H. R. No. 2554) for the relief of
Jennie E. Savage;
An act (H. R. No. 2540) granting a pension
to Nancy Goddard ;
An act (H. R. No. 2561) granting a pension
to Edward Tucker;
An act (H. R. No. 3368) for the relief of E.
H. Jewett:
An act (H. li. No. 4025) for the relief of
Aaron B. Fry rear;
An act (H. R. No. 3805) granting a pension
to Martha Tillotson; '
An act (Ii. R. No. 2488) granting a pension
to'Mrs. Eliza llicks;
An act (H. 11. No. 2459) restoring to the
pension-roll the name of Margaret L. Bybee;
An act (H. R. No. 3798) granting a pension
to James A. Sanders;
An act (II. R. No. 3484) granting a pension
to Asenath Stephenson;
An act (S. No. HO'J) for the relief of Ed-
ward Berry, John McFall, mid William H.
Judd;
An act. (S. No. 1527) to amend an act enti-
tied 11 An act to provide for the redemption and
sale of lands held by the United States under
the several acts levying direct taxes, and lor
°< > to, O. mrnn.
Lewis, as administratrix of the estate of
Ezekiel Lewis, deceased;
An act (S. No. 166) for the relief of David
Braden;
Joint resolution (S. R. No. 14) authorizing
the President to invite the international sta-
tistical congress to hold its next session in the
United States; and
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 202) tendering
congratulations of the American people to the
people of Spain.
legislative, etc., appropriation bill.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I rise to a
privileged question. I present the report of
the committee of conference on the legislative,
executive, and judicial appropriation bill.
The Clerk read as follows :
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the amendments to the
bill (H. R. No. 2991) making appropriations for the
legislative, executive, and judicial expenses of the
Government, have agieed to reeommend and do
recommend to their respective Houses as follows;
That the Senate secede from its amendments num-
bered 12, 13, 14, 15, 37,43, 49, 50,51,61, 72, 75,76, 81,
and 90.
Thatthe House of Representatives recede from its
disagreement to the amendments of the Senate, num-
bered 2, 3,4. 5, 6,7, 8,10,11,16,17,23, 24, 25, 26,27,28,
29, 31, 36, 57, 58, 62, 65, 66, 67, 68, 69, 70, 71, 79, 83, 84,
83, 89, and 93.
That the Senate recede from its disagreement to
the amendment of the House to the first amendment
of the Senate, and agree to the said amendment,
modified so as to read as follows:
That on and after the 4th day of March, A. D. 1873,
the President of the United States shall receive in
full for his services daring the term tor which he
shall have been elected the sum of §50,000 per
annum, to be paid monthly; the Vice President of
the United States shall receive in full for his ser-
vices during the term for which he shall have been
elected the sum of $10,000 per annum, to be paid
monthly; and the Chief Justice of the Supremo
Court of the United States shall receive the sum of
$10,500 per annum, and the justices of the Supreme
Court of the United States shall receive the sum of
6x0,000 per annum e^ch, to be paid monthly; the
Secretary of State,, the Secretary of the Treasury,
the Secretary of War, the Secretary of the Navy, the
Secretary ot the Interior, the Attorney General, and
the Postmastor General shall receive S10,000 per
annum each for their services, to bo paid monthly ;
and each assistant Secretary of the Treasury, Slate,
and Interior Departments shall recelvo as annual
compensation, to be paid monthly, $6,000; and the
Speaker ot the House of Representatives shah, after
the present Congress, receive in full lor all his ser-
vices compensation at the rateof$l0,0u0 per annum,
and .Senators, Representatives and Delegates in
Congress, including Senators, Representatives and
Delegates in the Porty-Second Congress, shall re-
ceive $7,500 per annum, each, and this shall be in
lieu of all pay and allowances; and all those
holding such office at the passage of this act, and
whose claim to asyat has not been adversely decided,
shaii receive *7,500 per annum each, and this shall
be in lieu of all pay and allowances, except the
actual individual traveling expenses from their
homes to the seat of Government and return by the
most direct route of usual travel, once for each ses-
sion of the House towhioh such Sena^r, member, or
Delegate belongs, to be certified to under his hand
to the disbursing officer, and filed as a voucner:
Provided, That, m settling the pay and allowances
of Senators, members, and Delegates in the Forty-
Second Congrets, all mileage shall be deducted, anu
no allowance made for expense? of travel. And
there is hereby appropriated a sum sufficient to
make the annual salanes of such ot the clerks mtho
office of the Clerk of the House of Representatives
as receive $2,500 and upward, and less than S3,0UU.
(including the petition clerk and printing clerk,;
§3,000 each; and of such as receive $2,000 and up-
ward, and less than $2,500, the sum of $2,5(0
each; and of such as receive $1,800 anu upward,
and less than $2,000, the sum ot $2,000 each; and
of the Seorotaiy ot the Senate and^Oierk of the
House of Representatives $o,000 cacn: and of the
Chief Clerk and Journal Clerk of the House, while
such positions are held by the present incumbents,
and no longer, $3,600 each; and of the Doorkeeper of
bents, anu.uu J.WXU9*" t s    - — -- - -   _
oi the Senate, $2,592; assistant postmaster, ^2,000;
and of two mail carriers, £1.700; and of the buperm-
tendent and first assistant of the Senate document
room, £-2,500 cach; and second assistant m said
document room, $1,800; and oi the additional
compensation to the reporters of the House and
Senate tor the Congressional Gjooo, j?l,o00 each;
and additional pay to iiie.Chiof engineer of the
House, $360, {so as to equalize his pay with that ot
the Chief Engineer of the Senaie.) And ltis hereby
provided that the increase of compensation to tho
officers, clerk?, and others in the employ ot the bon-
ate and House of Representatives provided tor m
this act, shall begin with Ihe present Congress, ana
tho pay of all the present employes ol the fcenateand
House of Repro.soniauves, moluumg Hie employ
in the Library of Congress and those under the Com-
mittee on Public Buildings and Grounds, now em-
ployed in the Capitol building, and also the Houb©
reporters whose pay has not been specifically in-
creased by this act, holding their places by appoint-
ment under the respective officers thereof, or by the
authority of the Committee of Contingent Expenses
of the Senate, or the Committee of Accounts of the
House, be increased fifteen percent, of their present
compensation on the amount actually received and
payable to them respectively, from the beginning of
the present Congress, or from the date of their ap-
pointment during the present Congress, and who
shall be actually employed at the passage of this act.
And the amounts of money necessary to carry the
foregoing provisions into effect are hereby appro-
priated out of any moneys in the Treasury not other-
wise appropriated,
That the House recede from its disagreement to
the ninth amendment of the Senate and agree to the
same, with the following amendment:
Strike out of said amendment the words "two
thousand one hundred and sixty dollars," and insert
in lieu thereof "two thousand fivo hundred and
ninety-two dollars."
That the House recede from its disagreement to
the eighteenth amendment of the Senate and agree
to tho same with the following amendment:
Strike out all of said Senate amendment and all
after the word "each5'in page 3, line eight of the
bill down to and including line ten in same page.
That the House recede from its disagreement to
the twenty-first amendment of the Senate, and
agree to the same, with the following amendment:
Strike out all of said amendment and insert in
lieu thereof the following: .
" That the appointment of the Capitol police shall
hereafter be made by the Sergeant-at-Arms .of the
two House*; and the architect of the Capitol exten-
sion and the captain of the police force may sus-
pend any member of said force, subject to the action
of the officers above referred to.''
And in page 5, lines two, three, and four of the
bill, strike out the words " at the rate of $41b 6b? per
month."
That the House recede from its disagreement to
the twenty-ninth amendment of the Senate, and
agree to the same with an amendment as follows:,
Strike out all of said amendment, and insert in
lieu thereof the following: "strikeout ail after the
word 4 dollars,' on page 7, line eighteen of the bill,
down to and including line nineteen of said page.
Thatthe Senate recede from its disagreement to
the amendments of the House to the amendments
of the Senate numbered 52 and 59.
That the House recede from it3 disagreement to
tho seventy-third amendment of the Senate, and
agree to the same with an amendment as follows:
In the clause proposed by said amendment to be
inserted strike out the words " fifty-seven " and in-
sert in lieu thereof " sixty-three."
That the House recede from Us disagreement to
the seventy-fourth amendment of tho Senate, and
agree to the same with an amendment as follows:
Strike outof said amendment the words proposed
to be inserted, and insert in lieu thereof the words
" one huudred thousand eight hundred."
That the House recede from its disagreement to
the seventy-seventh amendment of the Senate, and
agree to the same with an amendment as follows:
Strike out of the clause proposed by said amend-
ment to be inserted tho words ' sixty-six, and
insert in lieu thereof the words " sixty-nine.
That the House recede from its disagreement to
the seventy-eighth amendment of tho Senate, and
agree to the same with an amendment as follows:
Strike outof said amendment the words proposed
to be inserted, and insert in lieu thereof the words
" eighty-twothousand eight hundred."
That the House recede from its disagreement to
the eightieth amendmentof the Senate, and agree to
tlie same with an amendment as follows:
Strike out of said amendment the words proposed
thereby to be inserted, and insert in lieuthereoi the
words "fourhundred and twenty-sis thousand seven
hundred aud thirty-two."
Thatthe Senate recede from its disagreement to
tho amendments of tho House to the eighty-seventh
amendment of the Senate and aaree to the same
amended to read as follows :
And that the salary, emoluments and tees ot the
clerk of the supreme court of r.ho District ot Co-
lumbia shall not exceed the sum ot $b,000 per annum;
and that the excess of funds collected by him above
that sum shall 'oc paid into the Treasury of the
United States, anu that said clerk shall make semi-
annual returns of tho amount of fees received by
him to tho Secretary of the Treasury.
That the House recede from its disagreement to the
ninety-first amendment of the Senaie. and agree to
tho same with an amendment as follows:
Strike out all of said Senate amendment, and
insert in lieu thereof the words acting sis exam-
'"That' tho'llouse recede from its amendment to the
ninety-second amendment of the Senate, and agree
to the same with the following amendment:
Strike out of said amendment tno clause proposed
to be inserted, and in lieu thereol insert tno words
" eighty thousand six hundred and sixty dollars.
That the Senate recede lfoin its disagreement to
thesubstitute proposed by the House tor the nmoty-
fourth amendment of the Senate, and agree to said
substitute amended so as to rea,d as follows:
Sec. 3. That from and niter the 1st day of July,
1873, tho salary of the Supervising Aremteet ot the
Treasury shall be So,000 per annum ; the salaries ol
the examiner of cl.nm< ill the Department ot fc>tai.e,
tho Solicitor of the Treasury, the Commissioner
of Agriculture, tho Commissioner of Customs, tho
