1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
175
It was not occupied, but the glass was in the
windows. I was informed by the proprietor
of that building that he paid in duties upon the
plate glass in that building more than four
thousand dollars. The glass had never been
used. He was proceeding to reerect that
building. I ask if the Constitution compels
us to collect duties twice from this man for
that glass? We would not have hesitated if
the glass had been destroyed after it was im-
ported and before he had paid the duty down.
And if before he had an opportunity to use the
glass it was destroyed, has that foot so changed
the principle that there is no power in the
Government to remit that duty or to let him
bring in the same quantity of glass again with-
out having twice to pay the duty? I think
we have the constitutional power to do that,
and I think it is no infringement of the pro-
vision of the Constitution to which the Senator
from Wisconsin has called attention.
I would not have said so much were it not
that having voted for the previous bill, and
the Senator from Wisconsin then having made
these objections and now pressing them again
with great earnestness, 1 felt it due to myself
to state the reasons why I intend to vote for
this bill and against the amendment. I see
no reason why lumber should be excepted
from the provisions of the bill. I think it was
wrongly excepted in the Chicago case ; but
there was a controversy about it, and we were
anxious to have some bili passed, believing it
would be of great benefit to the city, and it
has been.
What the Senator from Massachusetts has
said here to day is literally true. The benefit
arising from such a bill as this is not confined
to the amount of money that is taken out of
the Treasury. That may be very small. The
amount of duties remitted, to the burned-out
city of Chicago will amount to but little ; but
'he people have been saved hundreds of thou-
sands and millions of dollars by reason of the
passage of that law which has prevented com-
binations to run up to exorbitant and extor-
tionate prices many of the articles necessary
in the construction of the buildings that have
been there erected. There is where the benefit
of such a law is ; and not only that, it encour-
ages the people. Men took hold and went to
work to erect their buildings after the passage
of that law who otherwise would have hesi-
tated, and who otherwise could not have
erected their buildings, because the prices of
the articles would have been doubled and in
many instances trebled. The price of brick
went up in Chicago, just as we are informed
it has gone up in Boston; but let Congress
pass a law remitting the duties and opening
the port of Boston to the admission of brick
from Canada and elsewhere, and very few will
be brought, but the consequence will be that
the manufacturers of brick in the neighbor-
hood of Boston will be prevented from prac-
ticing an extortion upon that people. They
will get the same price for their brick that they
would have got if no fire had occurred, and
they ought not to be permitted to speculate
upon the misfortunes of their neighbors. That
has been the effect at Chicago.
Now, sir, I hope that lumber will not be
excepted from the operation of the bill. I do
not think the people of Michigan will suffer if
the burned-out people of Boston are permitted
to purchase lumber to rebuild their city at the
same price at which they could have purchased
it but for the fire.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, I voted for
the Chicago bill with great reluctance, and I
may probably vote for this bill ; but I think
it will be the last bill of this kind that I shall
support.
The questions presented are not so clear as
the Senator from Illinois would intimate.
How a distinction can be made between the
case where a law imposing a duty would
except from its operation such articles as are
to be used for example, in the city of Boston,
or, failing to make that exception, should
contain a provision that on such articles as
are used in the city of Boston a drawback
shall be allowed, I cannot very well under-
stand. The Senator from Illinois says there
is a difference; but is it not a difference in
name instead of in principle? To except from
the operation of the tariff law the goods con-
sumed in Boston, or to give a drawback for
the goods consumed in Boston, it seems to
me is pretty much the same thing. If
the object of the Constitution is to put the
people of the United States on the same foot-
ing and treat all alike, is not the purpose
violated as effectually whether you except the
people of Boston from the operation of the
law in the first place, or give them a draw-
back for all they have paid ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. The bill does not except
the people of Boston. There is the mistake,
as I think, if the Senator will allow me to
say so.
Mr. MORTON. Well, it does the same
thing. It gives a drawback for all articles used
in building in what is known as the burnt
district in Boston. If it may except the burnt
district it may except the whole city, and if it
may except the whole city, it may except the
whole State of Massachusetts. Suppose that
some blight or misfortune should fall upon
Massachusetts, and Congress in its magnan-
imity should see proper to give a drawback
upon all imported goods that are consumed in
that State, would not that be clearly a viola-
tion of the spirit and purpose of the Consti-
tution? If the power exists to except a single
block, it may except the whole city, and if it
may except the whole city it may except the
whole State.
Mr. BAYARD. The collection would be a
mere formality.
Mr. MORTON. And the collection is a
mere formality, and a costly formality, because
it costs something to collect, and it costs some-
thing to pay back. If the power to giveadraw-
back in a particular locality exists, is there
not the power to prevent the collection in the
first place and save the formality and expense
of collecting and then refunding ? I am look-
ing for a broad principle instead of a mere
technicality.
The Senator from Illinois refers to the
precedent of a drawback upon salt. Does that
involve the same principle at all ? If a draw-
back is given upon salt, any person in any part
of the United States may claim the benefit of
it. It is equal in its operation so far as the
law is concerned. It is uniform. The fact
that the people who may seek to avail them-
selves of it may live chiefly in one State does
not affect the principle of the drawback. It
is uniform in its character and uniform in its
operation so far as the people themselves are
concerned. Now, take for instance an article
upon which duties are levied. It may be con-
sumed only in one State, and yet the duty on
it is uniform. It may be that there is only use
for it in a particular locality, but still the duty
is uniform and it is constitutional ; and so in
regard to a drawback: if it is made general in
its operation, it is constitutional. But to give
to the people of Boston alone a drawback
upon salt would not be constitutional, as it
seems to me; at least there are very grave
doubts about it. I hope this bill will be the
last bill of the kind we shall ever have here.
Mr. HOWE. I do not rise to prolong this
debate. I am very glad the Senator from
Indiana has given the fire fair notice that it
may burn up auother town and he will not be
responsible. If they proceed to burn here-
after, it will be their own fault. [Laughter.]
I do not propose to enter into the debate
on the constitutional question. I have not
heard the argument submitted by my colleague
last uight answered yet. I do not expect
to hear it answered during this debate. I
certainly shall not attempt to answer it my-
self, for I do not know how. I rise simply to
say that if I regarded the bill just as plainly
constitutional as I think it unconstitutional,
I should still vote against it, and upon the
simple ground that I do not think it is a proper
exorcise of charity. I do not think the par-
ties to be benefited by this bill are, in any
sense of the word, objects of charity. I under-
stand that there were large sums contributed
to the relief of the sufferers by the fire which
took place in Boston, and I undertake to say,
without knowing anything about it, that not
a single dollar of all those sums, be they
more or less, was appropriated by any Boston
authority to one single individual who will
be benefited by this bill; and for the simple
reason that they are not objects of charity.
The object of this bill and the whole intend-
ment of it is to make the entire United States
contribute to the rebuilding of the granite
blocks which have recently been destroyed in
the city of Boston. I think it is perfectly safe
to say that no man who owns the ground on
which one of those blocks can be rebuilt needs
any sort of charity in the world; he is a rich
man.
I was struck with the argument submitted
by the Senator from Illinois [Mr. Logan]
last night. He spoke of the splendor of the
buildings which have been and are being
erected in the city of Chicago under the inspir-
ation of the act which was passed for the
relief of that city. I can testify myself from
personal observation that the Senator did not
do anything more than justice to the case.
Some of the finest business buildings I ever
looked upon are springing up in that city.
The Treasury has helped to build them. The
Pacific hotel promises to be a very commodi-
ous building, judging from its present appear-
ance. The Treasury of the United States has
helped to erect that building. I think the
Senator is mistaken if he supposes the Pacific
hotel would not have been just as handsome
if the Treasury had not contributed. It is
because the business of Chicago will warrant
such structures that they are built, and I am
certainly gratified that the city is growing to
such a stature. I am glad to see such build-
ings springing up. I would be glad to see
thera everywhere, and I think if the Govern-
ment of the United States would afford ade-
quate inducements, such buildings would be
erected ; at least I know very much handsomer
buildings would be built in the town I live in
than are there now, if we only had adequate
inducements from the Government; but I do
not think it is a proper exercise either of pub-
lic or private charity. Private charity is not
asked for any such occasions.
I am very sorry on one account to feel com-
pelled to vote against this bill. It is so cheap
a way of earning a character for generosity to
give away other folks' money, that I should
like to obtain a little reputation, and this may
be the only chance that I may ever have of
getting it; but I* have made up my mind on
the whole to go without the reputation rather
than to secure it by that means.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. President,
I expect to vote against this bill, and I desire
to state in the fewest possible words my reasons.
There are three questions involved in the
bill, as I understand it. The first is the power
of the General Government to grant this bene-
faction at all. If any one will examine the
annals of Congress he will find that that sub-
ject has been a very broad field of discussion.
But assuming that the General Government
has the power, I still see another question,
suggested by my friend from Wisconsin. Sup-
pose that a great conflagration may be looked
upon as a national calamity, yet it is hard to
give a reason why the owners of that property
should have the benefit of this benefaction,
and the hundreds and thousands throughout
the United States who have been obliged to
lose all their stock, or have been obliged to
contribute seventy five, eighty, or one hundred
per cent, to make that stock good in order to
