2100
THE COJSTGliBSSIOKAL GLOBE.
March 3,
Auditors of the Treasury Department. t,ho Commis-
sioner of tho Ooneral Lund Ofiice, the Co m mission or
of Pensions, and tho AssistaiitPostmastcrs General,
the superintendent of tho money-oraor systom, and
tho superintendent -'f the ioroiffri mulls ol the Post
Office Department. be $4,000 each per annum;
and the salaries of tho two chiefs of tho Diplomatic
anil of the Cousulur Bureaus in tho Department of
State and the chiefsof thcBureaus of Aeoountsand
of Indices and Archives shall ho $2,400 each per an-
num; and n sufficient sum to Garry into oltoct tho
u revisions <>f this section to the end of tho fiscal
vear ending June SO. 187-1, is heroby appropriated.
JAMBS A. (JAKFIKtiD.
BENJAftUH F. BUTLKR.
SAMUKL J. RANDALL,
Managers on the purl of the Uoum.
LOT M. MORRILL.
MATT. Ii. CARPENTER,
'X. F. BAYARD,
Managers oil the part of the Senate.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I now call
the previous question on agreeing to this report
of the committee of conference. After the
main question shall have been ordered I will
then yield a portion of my time to others.
Mr. FAENSWORTI-I. I hope this matter
may be considered and discussed before the
previous question is ordered.
Mr. BINGHAM. I object to debate until
it is in order.
The question was upon seconding the call
for the previous question.
The SPEAKKR. As there is a division of
opinion upon this question, the Chair will
appoint Mr. Garpibld, of Ohio, and Mr.
Niblack, of Indiana, to act as tellers.
The House divided ; and the tellers reported
that there were—yeas one hundred and
eighteen, noes not counted.
So the previous question was seconded.
The question being, "Shall the main ques-
tion be now put,"
Mr. FARNSWORTH called for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken j and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 103, nays 84, not
voting 58; as follows:
YEAH—Messrs. Adams, Averill, Banks, Erasmus
W. Bock, Bigby, Biggs, Bingham, James (i. Blair,
Boarman. Boles, Buckley, Burdett, Benjamin t.
Butler. Roderick R. Butlor, Caldwell, Campbell,
Carroll. Cobb, Coghlan, Connor, Critcher. Crocker,
Darrall, Diekoy, Dodds, DuBoso, Duell, Duko,
EldrodKc, Klliotl, Henry D. Foster, Garrett, fief
Giddings, (Xolladtiy, (irtflilh, llaldeuuiu, Hancock,
IXftnks. Hariuer, Harper, (Jourgo 10. Harris, Hays,
John W. Hu/.eUon, Hcrndtni, Houghton, Kclioy,
Kendall, Kuik. Ltunison, Lamport, Lansing, Leach,
Maynard, Mcllenry, Melvce, McNccly. Benjamin
K. il(!j crs, Alorcy, Morpins, Leonaid Jlyers, Neg-
ley, Silas L. Niblack, Packard, Peek, Berry, Peters,
Piatt, Price, Pnndle, Kinney, Randall, John M.
lltco, Robin.-on. John Rosters, Sion 11, Rogors, Sar-
Keiit, tfhanks, Sherwood, tilatcr, Sloss, Worthinaton
C. Sini111. Snapp, Storm, Stoughtou, Stowoll, St.
John, Sutherland, iiyphev, Taffe, Thomas, Dwight
Townsend. Turner, Ttithill, Xwichell, Voorhecs,
Waddoll, Wakeman, Wallace, Whiteley, Williams
of Indiana, Winchester, and Youiiff—103.
NAYS— Messrs. Ambler, Arthur, Barber, Barnum,
Boatty, Bell, Bird, Austin Blair, Buflinton, Burch-
ard, Clarke. Unburn, Conger, Cotton, Cox, Crebs,
Davis, Dawes, Donnan, Dox, Bunnell, Eames, Kly,
Farnswerth. i'uikeluburK, Wilder D.Foster, Fryo,
Goodrich, ilamblotofi, Handloy, John B. ilawley,
Josoph R. ilawley, II.ly, Uorry W. lla'/cltot). Here-
ford, Hibbavd, liiU. lloar, llelman, KellogK, Kerr,
Koteham, Kinsellit, Lewis. Maelntyro, JVIan^'Mi,
Marshall, MeCiolland. McCormiok, McCrary, Mo-
(irow, McJunkin, Morriam, Morrick, Monroo, Wil-
liam E. Niblack, Packer, Paluier, Hosca W. Par-
ker, Potter. iOlhs H. Roberts, Husk. Seofield, Ses-
sions, Hlicllabtiriccr, Shoemaker, Slocum, John A.
rimitii, ^|,ocr. feprtr^uc, Starkweather, Stovens, Ste-
venson. yw.-njn, Xt.rry, Wa^hin^ton Townsend, Up-
son, Waldeu, Waidron, Warren, Wells, Wheeler,
Willard, ami John T. Wilson—8-1.
NOT Vt/I'L\ii—Mu«.r.-. Acker, Ames, Archer,
Barry, James Ii. Ucjk, Braxton, 1 >ri;cht, Brooks,
Bunnell, CoinitDs'o, Crccly, CrossJand, Esty, Harwell,
Porker. Oh.irk-.- bo-t m\ Uarhcld, Hale, lia^oy, John
T. Harris, Haven,-, Hooper, KilliiiKci, Lowe, Lynch,
MclCinuey, Mitchell, Aloorc, Morgan, Orr  Isaac C.
Parker, Pendleton, Perce, Poland, Porter, Read,
Edward Y. Iticc, Ritchie, William It. Roberts,
Roosevelt, Sawyer, Seeley, Sheldon, Mioboi, II.
Boardman Smith, tjnydor, Tyucr, Van Trump,
Vaughan, Wliitthornc, Williams of A'cwYork Jer-
emiah -M. Wilson, and Wood—53.
So the main question was ordered.
During the roll-call the following announce-
ments were made f
Mr, VAN TRQ.MP. On thfe question lam
paired with Mr. Williams, of New York, who
if here would vote "ay," while I should vote
'• no."
Mr. BEAD. I am paired on this question
with the gentleman from New York, Mr.
Wood. If he were present he would vote in
the affirmative, while I should vote in the
negative.
Mr. PERCE. My colleague, Mr. Barry,
is paired on this question with the gentleman
from Tennessee, Mr. WnrmiOBNE, who if
present would vote " no," while my colleague
would vote "ay."
The result of the vote was announced as
above stated.
Mr. SARGENT moved to reconsider the
vote hy which the main question was ordered ;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CURDIT MOlilUElt INVESTIGATION.
Mr. BEATTY. I wish to request on be-
half of tho gentleman from New York [Mr.
Brooks] that in printing the evidence in the
Credit Mobilier investigation his liual letter
addressed to the committee may be included.
There being no objection, it was so ordered.
legislative, istc., appropriation bill.
The House resumed the consideration of
tho report of the committee of conference upon
the legislative, executive, and judicial appro-
priation bill.
The SPEAKER. The previous question
having been secondod and the main question
ordered, the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Gae-
i'IELd] who submits this report is entitled to
one hour.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Mr. Speaker,
if I can have the attention of the House I
will explain the points embraced in this
report,
fhe SPEAKER. If the gentleman can get
the attention of tho House he will do more
than the Chair can. [Laughter.]
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I have no hope
of excelling the Chair in anything ; but I will
try to make a statement of the points of dif-
ference between the two Houses, and the
adjustment which has been reached in the
report of the committee of conference.
There were sixty-five items of difference
submitted to the committee of conference. On
fifteen of them the Senate receded; on thirty-
live the House receded. These fifty were not
of very great importance, and were settled
amicably. There were fifteen others on which
thero was a good deal of contention, and on
which the two Houses were obliged to settle
their differences by compromise.
Mentioning these matters in their reverse
order of their occurrence in the report, I will
say that we agreed in rejecting the Morrill
amendment. The Senate recede and leave
the courts to apply the law of captured and
abandoned property according to the rules of
law. In regard to the Pacific railroad sec-
tions, this is the situation: what is known
as the Wilson amendment, added in the
House, is adopted without change. What is
known as the Edmunds amendment, added in
the Senate, which this House amended in
three particulars, the Senate insisted upon
and the House gave way and accepted the
Senate print as it, came to us on that subject.
That leaves the clause in reference to the five
per cent, of the net earnings in tho bill as it
came from tho Senate, and so with the other
two changes. In short, it leaves the Senate
amendment on that subject in the hill without
change.
On the amendment introduced in the House
restricting the salary of the clerk of the Su-
preme Court, tho House receded; but it was
agreed to restrict the salary of the clerk of
the Supreme Court, leaving the clerk of the
Supreme Court under the law as it now is.
The chief point of difference between the
two Houses was the question of salaries. There
were three groups of salaries we had to discuss.
The first was what is known as the Butler
amendment, put on in the House; the second
was the group of salaries of persons next in
rank to the heads of Departments, and also
the chiefs of bureaus, such as the Commis-
sioner of Indian Affairs, the Commissioner m
Pensions, of the Agricultural Department,
and olficers of similar grade; and third, the
salaries of the officers of the Senateand House.
We desired to equalize the salaries of officers
of the two Houses.
Mr. EARNS WORTH. I hope the rule
will be euforcod by which all outsiders will bo
kept off of the floor of the House that none
will be allowed to come in upon the floor un-
less they are privileged to do eo under the
rules. , ,
The SPEAKER. The rule has been very
strictly enforced during the day. There are a
very great many ex-members of Congress ana
members-elect of Congress on the floor, aua
they are entitled to its privileges. The dip-
order, the Chair will state, does not come from
those gentlemen, but from gentlemen whom
perhaps it would not be polite for him to
name.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Ihe Senate
conseuted to make the salaries of the em-
ployfis of the House equal to those of the
Senate.
Gentlemen will understand something of
the difficulty wo had to encounter when they
know we had six or eight sheets of paper
like the one I now hold in my hand con-
taining the roster of all these officers wtiose
salaries stood at about twenty different rates.
It was exceedingly difficult to Hud what officers
of the House corresponded to those of the Sen-
ate ; for in many cases they are known by
different titles and are charged wjth dissimilar
duties. The adjustment of these salaries
equalizing them between the House and the
Senate was no easy task. We placed the salary
of our Clerk of the House equal to that of tho
Secretary of the Senate, our Chief Clerk equal
to their Chief Clerk, and then taking those
officers of the House who received more than
$2,500 and less than $3,000 we put them at
$3,000, those less than $2,500 and over $2,000
we put up to $2,500, and those between $1J800
and $2,000 we put up to $2,000. That was
regarded as equalizing the salaries of those
classes or groups of officers with similar groups
of officers of the Senate. We then gave an
increase of fifteen per cent, to all other
employes in both the Senate and the House,
including the clerks to committees and the
persons employed in vaiious capacities in the
Capitol building. I should have added that
the salary of the Doorkeeper of the House was
placed at $3,000.
The secondary officers under the Cabinet
officers, such as the Supervising Architect of
the Treasury, the Examiner of Claims in the
State Department, the Commissioner of Agri-
culture, the Solicitor of the Treasury, the
Commissioner of Customs, the Auditors of
the Treasury, the Commissioner of the Gen-
oral Land Office, the Commissioner of Pen-
sions, the Assistant Postmaster General, the
superintendent of the money-order system—•
all these except the Supervising Architect of
the Treasury, (whose salary was fixed at
$5,000,) were placed at $4,000.
Now, in reference to the salaries of the
President, Vice President, Cabinet officers,
members of the Supreme Court, and members
of the two Houses of Congress, the amend-
ment known as the Butler amendment was
agreed to by the Senate in everything except
the provision in reference to the salary of
members of Congress. I wish to stale in a
few words the condition of that question in
the conference. In the first place the Senate
voted directly on the proposition to strike out
the provision increasing the salary of members
of Congress, and by a large vote refused to
strike it out. The Senate conferees insisted
that the $0,500 clause cutting off mileage,
