1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1141
sular certificate ? That is the point I make.
They are goods in transitu, they are passing
from one point to another; and the question
which occurs to my mind is whether they can
be regarded as goods shipped until they have
passed the consulates and the appropriate
papers which are necessary to admit them into
our country are procured. It seems to me if
the words are omitted you omit that objec-
tion, and it leaves us clear. It seems to me
that the certificate should be required to be
from the consulate nearest to the point where
the goods are loaded, intended to be trans-
ported to the United States.
I hear a colloquy here among my friends.
They say it should be the place nearest to the
shipment. I do not know that that quite meets
the case because the channels of commerce
may carry me to a consulate that is further
from me than anotherconsulate, in the ordin-
ary transportation of goods. What you want
to meet is just precisely this, that goods laden
upon cars to be brought into the United States
shall not pass any consulate, but shall have
the certificate of the first consulate at which
they arrive. That is just what you want.
Mr. CONKLlNG. Now, if my friend from
Maine, who understands this subject a great
deal better than I do, will listen to a sugges-
tion I make, I will accept any suggestion he
deems best upon that. If we struck out the
words " after shipment" the provision might
be open to this construction: a resident of
Lower Canada buys a drove of horses; he
brings them himself, having shipped them,
past several consulates, Prescott and so oil;
he gets to Toronto or Clifton, and if the goods
can receive no certificate, provided they have
passed a consulate after being shipped, it might
be held that that shipment of his was the ship-
ment intended, although in point of fact at
Toronto or Clifton the purchase might be made
by the man who was going to briug them into
this country. To avoid that I suggest to the
Senator from Maine, and will hand him the
amendment to look at it, whether it would not
be better to amend by inserting the words in
the latter line necessary to make the amend-
ment, read, "which shall have passed a con-
sulate after purchase for shipment."
Mr. HAMLIN. That is it. That will do.
Mr. CONKLING-. Then I will insert those
words, so that it will read:
That no consular officer of the United States shall
hereafter grant a certificate lor goods, wares, or mer-
chandise shipped from countries adjacent to the
United States which shall have passed a consulate
alter purchase for shipment.
I think there can be no doubt about the
meaning of that now.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
New York as modified.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CHANDLER. I desire to offer an
amendment from theCommittee on Commerce;
after line one hundred and twenty, on page 6,
to insert:
For the purchase and freight of seals, to bo fur-
nished to the consular agents of the United btates,
82.500.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Will the Sen-
ator be good enough to explain that proposi-
tl0Mr. CHANDLER. Certainly. This is offered
on the recommendation of the State Depart-
ment. It seems that our consular agents are
not furnished with seals. This is to furnish
our consular agents a notarial seal and pay
the expense of sending it. It is very desirable
that there should be uniformity where at pres-
ent there is no uniformity.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. We have a
provision for that in the bill.
Mr. COLE. In the one hundred and thirty-
fifth line.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. From line one
hundred and thirty-four to line one hundred and
thirty-seven there is a clause "for station-
ery, book cases, arms of the United States,
seals, presses," &c.
Mr. CHANDLER. That is the ordinary
appropriation. Consuls are now furnished by
the Government with seals, but consular agents
are not. This is not included in the other
appropriation. This is a separate and dis-
tinct thing. I received communications from
several of our consular agents and submitted
them to the Secretary of State, not being
familiar with the matter myself, and he had an
estimate made out as to the number of seals
required and their cost and the cost of trans-
portation, and he says this will cover it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Does the Sec-
retary of State recommend this?
Mr. CHANDLER. Yes, sir; there is a
communication from him recommending it.
Mr. MOItRILL, of Maine. Let it be read,
because we do not understand that to be so.
Mr. CHANDLER. The letter is in the
committee-room. I will send for it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. If the Senator
will pay attention to this paragraph that I will
read, he will see that it is necessarily covered
by the sum of $100,000:
3?or stationery, book-cases, arms of the United
States, seals, presses, and flags, and payment of
rent, freight, postage, and miscellaneous expenses,
including loss by exchange thereon, $100,000.
This includes seals, and there is not the
slightest limitation. So far as we understand
the law, the Department is at perfect liberty to
pay for seals for consular agents if it chooses.
Mr. CHANDLER. That clause is the
ordinary regular appropriation for miscella-
neous expenses; but this item is an extra-
ordinary thing which, under the regulations of
the Department, has never been done hereto-
fore. That is to say, our consular agents, of
whom there are some six or seven hundred,
have never been supplied with a notarial seal.
This is for that purpose, and it is unanimously
recommended by the Committee on Commerce
after investigation.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I do not know
now the necessity of it. I understand now
that it is put upon the ground that consular
seals are not authorized by law to be supplied.
In other words, the Secretary of State as the
law now stands is not authorized to furnish
consular agents with seals.
Mr. CHANDLER. No, sir; this does
authorize him to furnish them and makes an
appropriation for that purpose. I have sent
up for the letter, but the clerk is not in the
committee-room.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The amend-
ment I suggest to the Senate does not give any
authority to furnish seals.
Mr. CHANDLER. It will be so construed,
I think, by the Secretary of State. I think he
would act under it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. He would have
no authority of law, nor would consular agents
act by authority of law under that amendment.
It is simply an appropriation of $2,500 without
authorizing the consular agents to use the
Mr. CHANDLER. They now use seals, but
purchase them at their own expense, and there
is no uniformity in the seal. It is deemed of
sufficient importance by the Department to
have a common seal furnished by the Govern-
ment which shall be affixed to every official
a°Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. If it is not to
give authority, and is simply an appropriation,
then I propose to amend by adding at the end
of line one hundred and thirty-seven, "and
the Secretary of State is hereby authorized to
furnish seals out of this appropriation."
Mr. CHANDLER. Very well; let it be so
Th'e C'p RE S ID IN G OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Michigan accepts that amendment.
Mr. CHANDLER. Certainly.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment as modified.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended ; and the amendments made as in
Committee of the Whole were concurred in.
The amendments were ordered to be engrossed,
and the bill tp be read a third time. The bill
was read the third time, and passed.
HOUSE BILL RRKBRRKD.
The bill (H. R. No. 3844) to remove dis-
abilities imposed by the fourteenth amendment
of the Constitution of the United States from
Robert M. T. Hunter, of Virginia, was read
twice by its title, and referred to the select
Committee on the Removal of Political Dis-
abilities. fortification bill.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of House bill No.
3352, making appropriations for the construc-
tion, preservation, and repairs of certain for-
tifications, and other works of defense.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill.
Mr. CRAGIN. I now ask unanimous con-
sent of the Senate that this bill may be laid
aside informally to enable me to call up Sen-
ate bill No. 1098, for the purpose of submitting
some remarks. I will say, however, that if it
will take but a few minutes to pass the forti-
fication bill, I will wait until after that is done,
and then make the motion to call up the other
bill, that I may submit my remarks, and then
let it go down again.
Mr. COLE. I think the Senator from New
Hampshire is entitled to that, but the forti-
fication bill will take but a few minutes, and I
think we had better pass it first.
Mr. CRAGIN. Very well; with that under-
standing I give way.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill is
before the Senate as in Committee of the
Whole, and will be read ; and the amendments
of the Committee on Appropriations will be
considered in their order in reading the bill.
The Chief Clerk proceeded to read the bill.
The first amendment of the Committee on
Appropriations was in line four, after the
word "appropriated" to insert the words " for
the fiscal year ending June 30, 1874 ; " so as to
read:
That the following sums be, and the same are
hereby, appropriated, for the fiscal year ending June
30,1874, out of any money in the Treasury not other-
wise appropriated, for the following fortifications
and other works of defense, namely :
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 4, line
seventy-four, to reduce the appropriation for
torpedoes for harbor defenses, and for preser-
vation of the same, from $400,000 to $300,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended; and the amendments were con-
curred in. The amendments were ordered to
be engrossed, and the bill to be read a third
time. The bill was read the third time, and
The title was amended by adding the words
" for the year ending June 30, 1874."
IKON Still' YARDS.
Mr. CRAGIN. I now move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of Senate bill
No. 1098.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (S. No. 1098) to establish an
iron-ship building-yard on the waters falling
into the Atlantic, and an iron-ship building-
yard on the Mississippi or one of its tributa-
ries. and to afford facilities to the Navy.
Mr. CRAGIN. I ask that the bill be read.
The Chief Clerk read the bill, as follows:
Whereas the International Steamship Company
have uia.de to the Navy Department the following
proposals to create iron-ship building-} arus anu
