1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2101
actually reduced tbe pay of some eighteen
members of the Senate. They refused there-
fore to submit to an amendment which cut
down the salary of so many Senators. The
Senate conferees were unanimous in favor
of fixing the salary at $7,500 and cutting off
all allowances except actual individual travel-
ing expenses of a member from his home to
Washington and back again once a session,
aud cutting off all other allowances of every
kind. That proposition was agreed to by a
majority of the conferees on the part of the
House. I was. opposed to the increase in con-
ference as I have been opposed to it in the
discussion and iu my votes here; but my
associate conferees were in favor of the Sen-
ate amendment, and I was compelled to
choose between signing the report and run-
ning the risk of bringing on an extra session
of Congress. I have signed the report, and I
present it as it is, and ask the House to act on
it in accordance with their best judgment. I
now yield for five minutes to the gentleman
Irom Illinois, [Mr. Farksworth.]
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Before the gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Garfield] takes his seat,
I desire to ask him what the conferees did
with reference to increasing the salaries of the
female employes from $900. to §1,200.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. That was re-
jected. Before the gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Farnswortb] takes the five minutes I
have yielded to him, I would suggest that if
any gentleman has any question to ask with
the view of obtaining an explanation of any
portion of the report, it might be as well that
such question should be asked now.
Mr. HIBBARD. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman how mueli plunder will be taken from
the Treasury if this raising of salaries is
adopted ?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I am glad the
gentleman has asked me that question. The
report presented here, taking into account the
changes made with reference to the salaries
of members and officers of both Houses and
other increases of salaries in this bill, will,
according* to the best estimate I have been able
to make> involve an annual increase of expend-
iture of about three quarters of a million doLars.
Mr. HIBBARD. How much for the pres-
ent Congress ?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. For the pres-
ent Congress it involves an additional expend-
iture of about one and a quarter millions. I
think the House ought to know all the facts.
Mr. DAWES. Did the gentleman hear the
form in which the gentleman from New Hamp-
shire put his question: How much this '"plun-
der" would amount to!
Mr. GARFIELD, ot Ohio. I do not accept
the gentleman's statement as to that. It may
be an unwise expenditure in some respects.
But in most cases the increase is proper, and
ought to be made, it is not " plunder," un-
less gentlemen here consider themselves not
deserving of the proposed pay.
mkssaue from tiih sbnate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Symp-
sos, one of its clerks, informed the House
that the Senate agreed to the report ol the
committee of conference on the bill (H. K.
No. 1108) for the relief of GeorgeR. Wilson,
The message further informed the House
that the Senate insisted oil its amendments to
the bill (H. li. No. 4057) to amend an act
entitled "An act to reduce duties on imports,
aud to reduce internal taxes and for other
purposes," approved June b, lb/2, aud for
other purposes, agreed to the conference asked
for by the House, and had appointed Mr.
Shkrman, Mr. Scott, and Mr. Spexuer, man-
agers of the conference on the part of the
Senate.
MSGTSL\TIV1C, B'l'C., At'l'ltOl'KlATION BILL.
The House resumed the consideration of
the report of the committee ot conference ou
the legislative, &c., appropriation bill.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I desire to place
upon record my earnest protest against the
adoption of this conference report, and if
possible to awaken the House aud the country
to what it involves—that within less than
twelve hours of the close of this Congress we
are gravely proposing to vote to ourselves some
five or six thousand dollars each out of the
public Treasury of the United States, and at
the same time to double the President's salary,
and to increase the salaries of nearly all the
attaches of this House and of other officials
of the Government who now receive high sal-
aries.
When this bill was before the House, the
committee of the House and the House
adopted an amendment which increased the
salaries of a certain class of most deserving
clerks who now receive but $900 per annum
to $1,200; a class of clerks very meritorious,
and in the main very well educated and accom-
plished, and who, nine tenths of them, are
performing duties that were before performed
by male clerks, who received from $1,200 to
$1,800 a year. This committee of confer-
ence—I was going to say has the shameless-
ness—but I will say the lack of manhood to
refuse this little increase to that class of poorly
paid clerks, many of them widows with fami-
lies dependent upon them, while they propose
that we shall vote to ourselves out of the
Treasury what has been characterized very
well by the gentleman from New Hampshire
[Mr. Hibbard] as a ''plunder" of from
five to six thousand dollars.
Some gentlemen base their advocacy of this
scueme upon the position that it is necessary
to increase the President's salary, and that
that cannot be done unless this ring is made,
including ourselves. Sir, right there 1 pro-
pose lo take this scheme by the throat, aud I
protest against doubling this high salary which
all other Presidents have found sufficient.
Abraham Lincoln served the country four
years at $25,000 per annum, during a part of
which time gold was worth two hundred and
fif'-y per cent.; yet Abraham Lincoln laid up
$50,000 during his term. Why, sir, we appro-
priate annually to the President of the United
States iu emoluments and various other things
what he could cot buy for $50,000. We
provide the President everything except his
provisions; and we provide even a part of
those, for we furnish his garden and garden-
ers ; we furnish all his furniture; we furnish
stables, recently rebuilt at a cost ot over
$30,000. We furnish nearly all his servants,
all his clerks and secretaries, his gas and fuel;
and now it is proposed, in violation ot the
spirit of the Constitution, which declares that
the President's salary " shall not be increased
or diminished during the period lor which he is
elected;" in clear violation ot the spirit of
that provision, you propose to technically get
around it by passing the bill ou the 3d of
March and make it take effect on the 4th of
March, while you admit that under the Consti-
tution you could not pass it to-morrow.
Sir, 1 have been a member of the Repub-
lican party from its very origiu. True, 1 did
uot support its candidates last fall, because of
its corruptions ; but I still have some feeling
of sympathy for the old party, and I do uot
wish to see it completely wreck itself and
cover its history with dishonor ; but this tiling
shames the Credit Mobilier and everything
else that lias taken place this Congress, or in
any other, since 1 have been a member here.
Gentlemen say that Congresses heretofore
have increased their salaries. 1 hat is true ;
but heretofore when a Congress has voted an
increase iu its salaries, it has been during the
first session of the Congress, at a time imme-
diately preceding an election, and not at the
very end of the last session of a Congress and
immediately after an election, when economy
and honestv were a part of the issues.
Sir, 1 appeal, if not to the manhood, to the
sense'of justice of members of this House not
to adopt this report. It is disgraceful, and will
greatly help to render this Congress infamous—
a Congress already without the confidence of
the people. Let us have the manhood and
decency to stamp upon this scheme for raising
our own salaries and purchasing favors of a
President by increasing his, in clear violation
of the spirit if not the letter of the Constitu-
tion.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I now yield for
five minutes to the gentleman from Indiana,
[Mr. Niblack.]
Mr. NIBLACK, of Indiana. Mr. Speaker,
I regret exceedingly that I feel myself com-
pelled to oppose this report of the committee
of conference. Some years ago, during the
Thirty-Ninth Congress, being upon the com-
mittee of conference to which this subject was
referred, I was induced to take a somewhat
active part in increasing the compensation of
members from $3,000 to $5,000 a year,
making a reduction at the same time of one
half of tbe mileage previously allowed. I
supported that increase because I thought that
circumstances demanded a readjustment of the
mileage feature of the compensation of mem-
bers, and because I felt that the average and
aggregate pay of Congressmen had ceased to
be sufficient as a compensation for their ser-
vices and expenses.
We .did it during the first session of the
Congress, however, and iu advance of an
election which was then approaching. We
went before the people upon that question in
a bold and manly way, and the people of the
country, as I confidently believed they would,
indorsed our action so far as that question be-
came in any way a test one in the election. But
on this occasion I feel that the subject is sur-
rounded by different circumstances altogether.
I have from the first been opposed to raising
this question of the increase of our compen-
sation during the present session in any form
whatever.
Mr. DICKEY. How are you on next ses-
sion?
Mr. NIBLACK, of Indiana. That is not
the question before us. But I will say to the
sentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Dickey]
that I am opposed to any substantial increase
of the compensation of members in the pres-
ent emergency, either for the present or next
Congress, for the reason that among other
things for a majority of those who come here
the compensation is but a secondary consider-
ation. A large majority of those coming here
can live decently upon the amount of compen-
sation they now receive. This is especially true
of gentlemen from the interior or rural dis-
tricts. The number, therefore, which are
really in need of more pay and are fairly en-
titled to it is comparatively small. If we make
the increase proposed, gentlemen iu the first
place will only spend more money to get here,
and in the second place, when they get here
they will spend more money in living while
here. We can get along decently without any
increase of compensation. Therefore I think
it is better for the country, better for ourselves,
better for the politics of the country especially,
better from every stand-point from which I can
view the question, that we should allow the
matter of compensation to remain as it is for
the present. It does seem to me most ex
traordinary indeed to vote ourselves back P^y
for the past two years when we have already
received the compensation allowed us by 'aw.
Others may do this, but I cannot and will not.
But aside from these views, it seems to me
that this is a most unseemly aud unpropitious
time to thrust this question upon the House
aud upon the country. The events of the last
few months have not been favorable to Con-
gress as a body in the public estimation. I
regret that it is so, but the fact is undeniable.
Then, too, we are just out of a canvass in
which retrenchment and economy have been
the watchwords. The business oi thccoimtrv
too, iu many portions of it is very much ami
