1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1143
n
fore Congress with speculative plans, but with those
of a practical character, and thedauie remarks apply 1
equally to the in en who compose the Western Iron
Ship and Boat Building Company, hereinafter to be
further reterred to, and who adopt the plan and
terms of proposal of the International Steamship
Company.
The proposal is to apply the financial principles to
these objects which have been successfully tested in
the creation of nearly all the railroads of the United
States; that is, on a basis of property mortgaged to
secure a deferred payment, to be met from the earn-
ings legitimately made and applied therefor. De-
sirous of securing the highest credit, it is proposed
the Government shall become the trustee, the mort-
gages to be executed to it, the bonds as issued to
be deposited in the Government Treasury, none of
which bonds are to be drawn therefrom until an in-
spector, to be appointed by the President ot the
United States, shall certify that property has been
created to represent their value ; a sinking fund, to
be formed by an assessment of five per cent, upon
the gross earnings of the yards, and this assessment
to be collected and paid into the United States
Treasury to meet the interest of six per cent, upon
and the final payment of the bonds. As the bonds
are drawn out, the United States Treasurer is to cer-
tify upon each that the collection and payment of
the sinking fund is guarantied by the Government.
While this will become a virtual guarantee of the
bonds, it would seem that it is without positive risk,
as the whole property to be created for these pur-
poses is to be mortgaged as security for the fulfill-
ment of the obligations. Theissueof the bonds of
the international company for the docks, building-
yards, and appurtenances is limited to $5,000,000.
No conditions are made that the Government
shall give its work to these yards; but it io proposed,
if its work be given at fair value, that ten per cent,
shall be reserved therefrom, to be placed also in the
sinking fund, the sooner to liquidate the^ bonds,
which the company believe will be accomplished in
less than half their term of twenty years.
Conditions of great advantage to the Government
are, that in any exigency the whole force of the
yards shall be at the disposal of the United States,
and that in time of war absolute control shall be
held of the yards by the Government, if required.
It is proposed to add a provision that to aid ship-
builders throughout the country these yards shall
supply them with any portions of heavy iron work
or machinery required either for vessels ot iron or
wood, at five per cent, upon cost; it being known
that five per cent, is not more than an average com-
mission for mere superintendence of such work.
This provision will enable builders to take contracts
for ship3 or steamers of wood or iron on the most
favorable terms. Through this provision Govern-
ment can aid in promoting iron as well as wooden
ship-building throughout its ocean ports, as well as
upon its rivers and Inkcs, in a less costly manner
than that adopted by Great Britain.
England, with her great naval yards at Ports-
mouth, Devonport, Keyhain, Chatham, &c.« some
capable of employing within their walls twelve
thousand men, has found it for her interestto resort,
for a portion of hernaval work, to private iron-ship
yards on the Thames, the Mersey, the Tyne, and the
Clyde.
France, with her vast yard at Cherbourg, costing
upward of $60,000,000, and four other great Govern-
ment yards, has, for similar reasons, frequently
resorted to the private yards at Bordeaux, i\antes,
LaSeyne, and Havre, La Crusot, Basse Indrc, the
Indret factory, the works of Maziline, Nillus, Ar-
mand, &c.; and the minister of marine can control
the use of all these at a day's notice.
It is thus seen _thatt while prominent maritime
nations are fostering iron-ship building, we, with
superior mineral resources for such a purpose, have
thus far been neglectful of their use, to the injury
of our commerce, to nearly the extinction of our
ship-builders and seamen, and to the almost rum ot
other mechanic arts; and by this neglect permitting
England, France, and Germany to impose commer-
cial taxes, in the form of high freights, upon the
products of our agriculturists and other industries.
The proposals to create these iron-ship yards on a
basis which will develop like yards along our coasts
and interior waters is a practical movement to aid
the Navy and to secure the restoration of our com-
merce
The Secretary of the Navy, in his letter transmit-
ting the proposals says: .
"One such building-yard operating successfully,
with large facilities concentrated, and its work
economized in each department, would demonstrate
our ability to compete successfully in iron-ship
building with our commercial rivals, and afford at
once practical encouragement to the revival ot ship-
building throughout the country, and thence to the
ree'stablishment of commercc. It being evident
that the cost of creating such an establishment,
with ail the necessary appliances, including costly
docks of sufficient capacity for large iron-ciads ana
commercial steamers, will require more capital
than can be at this time aggregated at the com-
mand of individual builders, and that this can
only be obtained by an association pi capual upon
a well formed and secure financial basis—the plan
proposed by the International Steamship Com-
pany.'' ,, ^(■
In the report to the Senate upon the means ot
restoring commerce, and creating steamships suited
to the wants of Government in time ot war, tne
honorable Secretary ?ays:
"Our first endeavor, then, should be to stimulato
the building in our own waters, by our °wn
men, of the ships which are necessary to estabtisn
our commerce, but which a wise policy forbids us to
procure abroad. To this end we must first of all
determine upon and provide the means of accom-
plishing this as cheaply as possible. The first
step jn this direction seems to be the creation of
large and commodious building-yards, advantage-
ously situated with reference to the ready and cheap
supply of the great bulk of the necessary material,
and so arranged as to unite in one establishment all
the means and appliances required to convert this
material, through all its necessary processes and
applications, into ships, under one organized sys-
tem, single, direct, and harmonious from the incep-
tion, and involving but one profit to the producer.
Such establishments, of course, cannot be produced
without some action on the part of the Government
to encourage the necessary aggregation of capital
andto secure its results to some extent, in return for
the national enterprise in which it is embarked."
It has been estimated by high official authority
that building-yards established with such practical
facilities as the proposed could be made to save not
less than one fourth of the naval appropriations
annually for construction and repair of ships and
machinery.
The proposalsof the Westernlron Ship and Boat
Building Company, before referred to, are to erect
similar works, but of smaller capacity, upon one of
the western rivers, at a point satisfactory to the
Government, on the same terms as proposed by the
International Steamship Company, but limiting
their issue of bonds to 83,000,000.
Upon the occurrence of a war such works might,
and probably would, be of groat utility to the Gov-
ernment if the location should be at such point as
to secure depth of water for reaching the Gulf at
proper periods. Apart from this, a yard, so estab-
lished to aid other yards in the mauner already
stated, will prove advantageous to the producing
regions of the West, by providing for construction
of steamships for southern coasting trade, and for
iron steamboats and barges of light draught, by
which the agricultural and other products may
chcaply and safely reach points near to or of ocean
shipment.
It has been shown to the committee, by drawings
and plans clearly set forth, that such steamers may
be constructed of iron throughout, including their
entire upper works, cabins, and permanent furni-
ture; that they may be propelled by low-pressure
engines, with every possible security against disas-
ters of explosion, of lire, and of sinking. These
disasters, though not so frequent or appalling as in
former years, have still their horrors of suffering and
death; their injurious effects upon the interior en-
terprise of the country, which the Government, in
its obligation to national development and life pro-
tection, is bound to avert if possible.
The average number of steamboats upon our
Western waters which flow into the Gulf of Mexico,
as shown by the collated statistics oi the Treasury
Department for the Inst four years, has been 1.03S
steamers, aggregating 297,712 tons; and in the same
time there has been destruction in boats, cargoes,
and lives to the following extent: by fire, 88 boats
and cargoes, valued at $3,421,200, and 455 lives; by
explosion, 25 boats and cargoes, valued at $226,500,
and 218 lives; and by sinking, 165 boats and cargoes,
valued at $2,157,150, and 99 lives; a total of 278 boats
and property, valued at $5,807,850, and 702 lives, by
casualties, which properly built iron-boats ot the
description proposed would have saved or lessened,
and the construction of which will almost certainly
guard from future disaster. Such destruction of
property, to say nothing of life, may be regarded as
a national misfortune, &< its preservation would have
been not only so much national wealth, but the
means ofstill greater increase of material prosperity.
The creation of these building-yards is a pressing
necessity to the prosperity of the country. They
will not only give employment to all classes of me-
chanics and. laborers, but will be reproductive for
continuance of such employment by creating means
of cheap transportation on rivers and oceans for
the development of interior and exterior commerce,
to open markets for our pgricultural, manufacturing,
and mechanical products throughout the world.
In the workshops of such yards will be educated
and trained men of practical skill to make steam
transportation safe and to afford to our Navy an
ample source of recruitment for its corps ot naval
engineers. . . , ,
Impressed with the great advantages which these
proposals in their practical form afford to restore
our commerce, for the benefits they open to the
mechanical and other industries of the country, tor
the means of economy and sure reliance to the
Navy in peace, for preservation, or. in the event ot
war, for tbe creation of naval strength, and further
impressed by the clear, exact, and business plan to
save waste in finance while it guards against prob-
ability of loss to the Government, the committee
report heiewith a bill in accordance with the pro-
posals. creating in said bill a commission composed
of the Secretaries of the Navy, of War, and oi the
Treasury, a majority of whom may act at any time,
to guard the interest of Government m ail the de-
tails of the contract, and recommend the passage ot
the said bill.
Mr. CRAGIN. Mr. President, we have not
iu the entire United States a complete and
perfect iron-ship building-yard in which are
docks and all the appliances of heavy machin ery
for the prompt creation of a naval iron-clad or
au iron"steamship of the largest class now en-
gaged iu the transatlantic carrying trade.
It is by the possession of building-^
having such facilities, and by establishing sub-
sidized lines of steamers, that Great Britain
has been enabled to nearly drive our ships
from the ocean, as I will show that she has
done, and taken from our people the most
profitable trade of the world—the ocean carry-
ing trade.
That trade, sir, has to be restored to us;
the people have willed it, they have determ-
ined it shall be done. Prom the cities of the
Atlantic and from the cities of the Pacific,
whose mechanical and manufacturing in-
dustries have suffered by loss, whose enter-
prise stands paralyzed by the controlling
marine strength, permitted unchecked to have
grown up against them ; from the distant
corn-laden prairies, from the broad wheat-
growing valleys, from the cotton fields of the
South, from the cities of the lakes and rivers,
and from the interior towns, whose products
have been taxed by the high freights of for-
eign ships, come the requests, entreaties,
demands, that Congress shall adopt measures
to recreate our shipping and protect our com-
merce ; that our carrying trade shall be free
and independent upon all oceans; that our
flag shall again be seen floating as of old in
the breeze that stirs each of the great waters
of the world.
In each annual message since the war the
President has called the attention of Congress
to this all-important subject. For nearly seven
years, though carefully considering it, each
Congress has failed to reach definite action ;
the very care to secure success has caused the
delay.
By resolution of the Senate, adopted in the
first session of the present Congress, the Sec-
retary of the Navy was directed to communi-
cate to this body such plans for iron-ship
building-yards and docks, with such explana-
tions, suggestions, and recommendations as he
may deem advantageous to the Government
to economize expenditures in the Navy and
to aid in restoring commerce. In reply the
honorable Secretary has made two communi-
cations, the first relating entirely to plans for
creating a building-yard which shall have all
the facilities to enable us to. enter into suc-
cessfu 1 competition with our commercial rivals,
and recommending the plan embraced by the
bill before you. The honorable Secretary says:
"One such building-yard operating successfully,
with large facilities concentrated, and its work econ-
omized in each department, would demonstrate our
ability to compete successfully in iron-ship building
with our commercial rivals, and afiord at once prac-
tical encouragement to the revival of ship-building
throughout the country, and thence to the reestab-
lishmentof commerce."
In his second communication, which is an
able, extended, and comprehensive view of the
whole subject, of commerce, the honorable Sec-
retary lays down the great ocean routes upon
which we should permanently establish our
lines of steamships to make definite our mail
and commercial highways upon the oceans,
and by which we shall bind in ties of mutually
beneficial relations the great ports of com-
merce of the world.
These lines he recommends to be established
gradually, taking up those at first only which
are essential to develop profitably the whole,
but as precedent to this work of creaiing the
lines and the steamers to occupy them. The
honorable Secretary says:
"Our first endeavor should bo to stimulato the
building- in our own waters by our own workmen of
the ships which are necessary to establish our com-
merce, but which a wiso policy forbids us to procure
abroad. To this end wo must first of all determine
upon and provide the means of accomplishing this
as cheaply as possible. The first step in this direc-
tion seems to bu tlio creation of large and commo-
dious building-yards advantageously situated with
reference to the ready and cheap supplies or the
great bulk ot the necessary material, and so ai ranged
as to unite in one establishment all the means and
appliances required to convert this material through
all its necessary processes and applications into
ships under one organized system, direct and har-
monious lrom the inception, and involving but one
profit to the producer. Such establishments ot course
cannot bo produced without ionic action ou tnc
