1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
179
with due deference to my constitutional obli-
gations as a Senator, I could vote for the bill.
To aid my fellow-countrymen who are in mis-
fortune would certainly be a great pleasure to
me ; but to aid them at public expense and at
the cost of what I believe to be my official
duty, is a thing to which I never can consent.
1 tried my best to vote for the Chicago bill or
to find good reasons for it, but I was unable to
do so. Subsequent reflection has convinced
me that I was right in withholding my assent.
And now comes this second disaster at Bos-
ton, and it seems to me that the argument has
reduced itself simply to a question of the ex-
tent of the catastrophe. If it is very great,
gentlemen term it national; if it is very small
they would term it individual, and they would
refuse to make good the individual loss, but
where a community suffers they would attempt
to repair it by some such patchwork of legis-
lation as this. They would invade your gen-
eral tariff system (for which I have no partic-
ular admiration, but which nevertheless has
the constitutional merit of being uniform) and
make special enactments where thecatastrophe
is great enough to be called national, but would
refuse it in individual cases, although every
one, 1 think, must admit that the same prin-
ciple should govern one case as well as the
other. If you would not assist the man in
Georgia or Carolina to rebuild his cotton mill
aud import his machinery free of duty, you
have no right to do the same thing, or propose
to do it in the State of Massachusetts because
the conflagration has extended to hundreds or
perhaps thousands of cases, instead of the
.single one which you reject.
1 shall, therefore, vote in favor of this
refereuce to the Committee on the Judiciary,
trusting that they will give to this most im-
portant question the care that it deserves and
that the Senate may have and I as one of its
members may have the benefit of the careful
consideration of the eminent jurists who com-
pose that committee. I should be very glad
if. my scruples against this bill could be re-
moved ; but thinking, as I now do, that it is
impossible for me to vote in favor of any such
measure, I shall vote that the bill be com-
mitted to the Committee on the Judiciary in
order that we may have the benefit of their
judgment and a review of all that can be said
for and against this and similar propositions.
If some such clear, distinct, and affirmative
decision be not given, Congress necessarily
will be called upon and the sympathies of
members of Congress will be constantly ap-
pealed to for individual cases quite as merit-
orious, quite as hard as any of the many which
are contained in this Boston bill. You can-
not turn away the single man who has lost his
all by a disaster over which he had no control,
and then say to a large and powerful mercan-
tile community that come here with political
influence at their back, "We will give you
freely the relief that we have refused to a
man equally meritorious, but who had not the
power to insist upon his rights'"
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, I am sorry
that this motion has been made. I do not
think there is occasion for the reference, and
if I can have the attention of the Senate for a
brief moment, unless I mistake the force of
the considerations which inuiress me, I may
possibly influence some of the opinions that
have been expressed. I begin with the sug-
gestion that no Senator in the course of the
debate has considered what seems to me the
important point in this question. I mean the
meaning of "drawback," and the power of
Congress to authorize a drawback under the
Constitution of the United States. But before
I come to that question I call attention to the
meaning of the word "uniformity," or the
term " uniform duties," which has played such
a part in this discussion. Congress is author-
ized " to lay and collect taxes, duties, imposts,
excises," &c., but " all duties, imposts, and ex-
cises shall be uniform throughout the United
States."
The operation of the words " uniform
throughout the United States" is considered
by Story in his commentaries. After quoting
the familiar clause that " direct taxes shall be
apportioned among the several States which
may be included within this Union according
to their respective numbers," and the other
clause that '' no capitation or other direct tax
shall be laid, unless in proportion to the cen-
sus or enumeration hereinbefore directed to
be taken," he comes to another clause oppo-
site in character, that " all duties, imposts, aud
excises shall be uniform throughout the United
States." This is the nine hundred and fifty-
first section of Story's commentaries. On
these different clauses the learned comment-
ator thus remarks :
" Here, then, tw  rules are prescribed, the rule of
apportionment (as it is called) for direct taxes, and
the rule of uniformity for dutien, imports, and
excise)."
The Senate will observe that what the com-
mentator calls " the rule of uniformity " is in
contrast with the rule of apportionment, the
rule of "uniformity" being applicable to
duties, imposts, and excises, while that of
"apportionment" is applicable to direct taxes.
The commentator in a subsequent section ex-
plains the object of the rule of " uniformity : "
" It was to cut off all undue preferences of one
State over another, in the regulation of subjects
affecting their common interests. Unlessdutios, im-
posts and excises were uniform, the grossest and
most oppressive irregularities, vitally affecting the
pursuits and employments of the people of different
States, might exist. The agriculture, commerce, or
manufactures of one State might be built up on the
ruins of those of another; and a combination of a
few States in Congress might secure a monopoly of
j certain branches of trade and business to them-
selves, to the injury, if not to the destruction, of
' their less favored neighbors."
Then again, still later he says :
"If this provision as to uniformity of duties had
been omitted, although the power might never have
been abused to the injury of the feebler States of the
Union, (a presumption which history does not jus-
tify us in deeming quite safe or certain,) yet it would
of itself have been sufficient to demolish, in a prac-
tical sense, the value of most of the other restrictive
clauses in the Constitution. New York and Penn-
sylvania might, by an easy combination with the
southern States, have destroyed the whole naviga-
tion of New England."
Now, the Senate will observe that here are
two classes of taxes authorized by the Consti-
tution, one taxes by apportionment and the
other taxes by uniformity. Nor is Judge
Story the only person who makes this dis-
crimination. Paschal in his excellent work,
under the phrase "of duties to be uniform,"
"But there are two rules prescribed for their gov-
ment, uniformity and apportionment."
We all know what taxes are apportioned
upon the country according to the census.
They are direct taxes. It is the other class of
taxes by duties and imposts that are to be im-
posed with uniformity throughout the country.
On that requirement I insist as the learned
commentator insists, and I have to say that the
bill before the Senate does not impinge upon
that requirement by a letter. What is it? It
simply proposes that there shall be a drawback
of import duties paid on materials used to re-
pair the damage of the fire—a drawback to be
paid.
Mr. THURMAN. Will the Senator allow
me to interrupt him for a moment?
Mr. SUMNER. Certainly, though perhaps
the Senator had better let me finish this point.
Mr. THURMAN. I am compelled to leave
the Senate, and I desire to make one state-
ment if it does not interfere with the Senator.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well.
Mr. THURMAN. Being compelled to leave
the Senate, I only wish to state again that my
motion to refer was made in no hostility to
the bill; nor did I propose to send the child
to a nurse that cares not for it. On the con-
trary, five of the seven members of the Judi-
ciary Committee voted for the Chicago bill on
the first vote. After the reconsideration there
were three members of the committee who
voted against it; so that the friends of the bill
wiil see that I do not propose to send it to a
hostile committee. All I wish is that it may
be sent where the legal questions may be con-
sidered in the light of all the arguments that
have been advanced upon this question ; and 1
had in my mind that great debate between Mr.
Webster on the one side and Colonel Benton
and Mr. Calhoun on the other on the subject
of drawbacks, the very subject the Senator is
now considering, which I think will shed a
flood of light on the question to the mind of
anybody who will examine it. What I rose to
say was that the motion was not made in any
hostility to the bill.
Mr. SUMNER. I was arguing against any
reference to a committee. I would not author-
ize delay. I would not arrest this charity.
"He gives twice who quickly gives;" and if
ever there was an occasion when there should
be swiftness in the action of Congress it is now,
especially when, as I submit, there is no reason
for a reference, when the case can be made
plain to the apprehension of the Senate.
In the course of my argument I was calling
attention to the operation of the word "draw-
back," and I was about to present this point:
that when the Constitution was adopted, and
ever since, duties have had associated with them
notoriously a system of drawbacks. When
duties were authorized it was with the idea
that there might be drawbacks. The Consti-
tution, without even reading between the lines,
might be read in this way: "but all duties,
imposts, and excises, with proper drawbacks,
shall be uniform throughout the United States "
The drawback does not in any respect inter
fere with the uniformity of the duties. The
drawback is an incident to duties in every civil-
ized country. The drawback has been recog-
nized in our country from the beginning. It
studs the pages of our statute-book ; but who
has ever insisted that authorizing a drawback
in a specific case interferes with the uniformity
of the duty?
The term "drawback" has a well-known
signification in commerce. I rend from the
best authority on the subject, McCullocli's
Dictionary of Commerce ana Commercial
Navigation, under the head of Drawback.
"A term used in commerce to signify the re-
mitting or paying back of the duties previously
paid on a commodity on its being exported."
That is the primitive or first signification of
the term: a remitting or paying back of
duties previously paid on a commodity on its
being exported ; the theory being that as the
article is exported, it ought not to contribute
to the Treasury of the country. Every one
feels how reasonable is that rule. No one,
I suppose, would interfere with it. Now, by
a very slight expansion, the theory of the
drawback has been applied to cases where
property has been destroyed so that it has not
been used in the country. It was applied in
the case of the fire in New York; also, as I
understand, in the case of fire or destruction
of property in San Francisco; the theory in
each case being that the owners of the destroyed
property ought not to pay a duty where they
have not been able to use the property.
The application of this rule to the present
case is ample: a large portion of the commer-
cial part of Boston has been destroyed by fire.
Here were spacious warehouses, Venetian in
architecture, with plate glass, with other ma-
terials of building imported and which had
already paid large duties to the national
Treasury. All these are destroyed ; they have
ceased to exist; and now it is proposed that
those who undertake to restore these structures,
to put in place again these destroyed mate-
rials, shall not pay a duty on what they em-
ploy ; in other words, the destroyed property
is to find a substitute in new importations
which shall pay no duty because this property
