*2104
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
Delegates in this House of the Forty-Second
Congress cost the country:
Whole amount paid for the Forty-Second (Present)
Congress—pay and mileage...... 42,750,194 87
Average paid eaoh member and Delegate
for term  10,913 43
Each year    5,456 74
All allowanoes, (stationery, newspapers,
and boxes)  200 00
Total cost at present.  5,656 74
Add estimate ior postage for next Con-
gress  313 26
6,000 00
By this it appears that the average pay and
mileage is $5,456 74 a year. Adding all
allowances for stationery, newspapers, boxes,
&c., the amount paid averages $5,656 74 a
.year for members and Delegates. I f we add
for the cost of postal service $343 a year for
each member and Delegate, winch will prob-
ably oover all they frank in addition to public
documents, and will be as much as they will
spend for postage when tho franking privilege
snail have expired, you will have $6,000 a
year as the amount which they cost to the
Government each. So that the compensa-
tion proposed by this bill would increase the
cost to the country for each Representative and
Delegate more thau $1,500 per annum, $3,000
per term over the present rate, including pay,
mileage, and all allowances, and postage.
And we will be giving ourselves who have en-
joyed the franking privilege for the term just
closing about $4,000 each.
Now, I do not believe that during the rem-
nant of this session, from now, at four o'clock
p. m. on this 3d of March, 1873, until twelve
o'clock m. to-morrow, we can earn $4,000
each above our present compensation, with all
the super zeal and extra labor we may, in our
gratitude to ourselves, apply to unfinished pub-
lic business.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I now yield
for three minutes to tho gentleman from Cali-
fornia, [Mr. Sargent,] my colleague on the
Committee on Appropriations.
Mr. SARGENT. My object in making the
proposition to the House the other day was
principally I hat this, the last opportunity we
could have, miglit be taken to increase the
•salary of the President of the United States.
I lirmly believe, from the investigation 1 have
made of the matter, that he is now meanly
paid, and 1 believe .that any gentleman who
will make the examination as I have done,
will believe that during the last four years he
has expended one year's salary over and above
the whole amount that has been paid to him*
I wanted to remedy that injustice, and I
thought it was but due to him that we should
do so now, the last time that we could do it
lor four years, and as far as.be is concerned,
m fact, forever.
Another object I had in view was this:
When the able and eloquent gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Banks] rose here and
asked me, in connection with the question
of.mileage, if I ought to be paid more for
my services here than he was, 1 mentally
responded that 1 ought not. 1 wanted to get
rid of the subject of mileage, so that hereafter
whenever 1 should rise to debate a question
like this, 1 might not have it thrown in my
lace from diliereni parts of the House, at least
with any justice, that I was paid more than ray
brother members here Irom other States. I
want only equality of pay as I have equality
of rights.
For these reasons 1 made the proposition 1
did the other day. We are now brought face
to facc with a question upon the solution of
which depends whether we shall have an extra
session of the next Congress or not. The
amount to be paid under this bill to the pres-
ent Congress over their present compensation
would not equal the cost and expense of an
extra session of Congress. And as this is the
last opportunity I shall have to accomplish the
principal object I have in view, I shall vote to
agree to this report of the committee of con-
ference, and by helping pass this bill accom-
plish that and save an extra session.
Mr. FARNS WORTH. Will the gentleman
allow me to ask him a question ?
Mr. SARGENT. It I have time to an-
swer it.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. How can the gen-
tleman know we shall have an extra session
of Congress if this increase of compensation
fails?
Mr. SARGENT. This bill will fail also,
and it is indispensable to the proper carrying
on of the Government that it should pass.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I now yield to
the gentleman from New York [Mr. Potter]
for two minutes.
Mr. POTTER. As a measure of equaliza-
tion of salaries, the provision reported by the
conference committee does not appear to me
as wise or judicious as it should bo. So far as
it relatos to the salaries of the President, the
members of the Cabinet, and the justices of
the Supreme Court, I approve it. 1 have been
from the first in favor of increasing the salaries
of those officers. In respect of the salaries
of the heads of Departments and the judges
of the Supreme Court I do not think this
proposition even does them justice. I believe
those officers ought to receive still higher
salaries than proposed by this report; and
indeed, so far as the President is coucerned,
the increase fixed by this bill is a less com-
pensation than the salary that was paid to the
first President of the United States, taking
into consideration the expenses of living as
they existed at that time.
In respect of salaries of members of Congress'
the House knows very well that in my view the
salary fixed by the conference committee is too
high. My notion is that the salary of members
of Congress should be just enough to support
them plainly, to enahle them to pay their way
here, and yet not enough to make any one seek
tjie office merely for the salary; and from all
the attention I have been able to give the sub-
ject 1 thought $6,500 was such a sum. I have
thought, also, that the increase ought not to
apply to the present Congress.
But while in these particulars I do not favor
the report of the conference committee, I think
it would be a very great misfortune—greater
than any which may result from the injustice
of fixing these salaries as proposed by the
report—to have an extra session brought about
by reason of the failure of this House to agree
to this conference report even as it is. I can
hardly conceive anything more unfortunate
for the public Treasury than an extra session
of the Forty-Third Congress—the House of
Representatives of which will have a Repub-
lican majority of more thau two thirds—to take
up the measures of legislation embraced m
this bill, and proceed to such other legislation
as they may. The action of Congress on this
bill and some other measures has not been
satisfactory to tne, and yet generally I doubt
whether any House has for some years behaved
on the whole so wisely as the present House.
With reference to the next Congress I cannot
feel much confidence. 1 should therefore fear
that transferring such measures of legislation
from this Congress to the next, so far from lead-
ing to a saving to the public Treasury, will, no
matter how objectiouable this present bill as
reported from tlie committee of conference may
be, prove the very reverse. For myself, much
as I object to this conference report, 1 shall hesi-
tate before I take the responsibility, if it comes
to_ that, of bringing on an extra session by
rejecting this repoit.
Mr. BANKS. The remarks of the gen-
tleman from California have touched the
very marrow of this question. It is a fact
that no member of the House should receive
$10,000 a year while other members receive
but $5,000. And I ask my colleague, [Mr.
Crockeb,] who has voted steadily against this
measure, what right he has to say by his vote
that one member shall receive $10,000, while
another from Massachusetts shall receive but
$5,000 or $5,200? My colleague from the
Worcester district said that the other side
of the House looked black when the propo-
sition was made to increase the President's
salary, and that they looked otherwise when
there was another proposition made touching
salaries of other officers, including members
of the Senate and House. Let me tell gen-
tlemen on the other side not to be afraid upon
this question of increasing salaries; for tney
cannot be charged with the responsibility for
an increase which had its origin on this side.
It is not a party question.
The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. StevenSon]
has raised a question of average. He says
" on the average " the pay is at present about
right. That is something like what was said
by a man who had a barrel of spoiled mack-
erel to sell. Said ho " solne are good, and
some not so good, but on the average I think
you will find them tolerably sweet." [Laugh-
ter.] We do not want an "average " of that
sort.
There is another important view of this sub-
ject. The principle upon which thisquestion of
salaries must be decided in a republican form
of government is a simple one, that every man
who represents the people here in Congress or
elsewhere is entitled to a support—not a mean
or degrading support, not a bare existence,
which in the last days of the session puts him
in such a position that he cannot get away
from the city without surrendering himself to
lobbyists, but a decent and respectable sup-
port. I do not hesitate to say that any man
who asserts that a member of this House can
support himself in this city upon $5,000 a year
with his family, as I contend he should if he
has a family—no man can say this and be within
the bounds of truth.
One word more as to those who vote against
this measure. They are doubtless' sincerely
opposed to an increase of salaries, but possibly,
for very different, reasons. There are a third
of them at least who could afford to vote against
any salary at all to members of Congress, the
consequence of which would be that the whole
legislative power of the Government would
be thrown into the hands of what are called
financiers, the speculators, monopolists, lob-
byists, robbers, and thieves. [Laughter.] It
is not a republican doctrine, and however much
it may be in accord with the spirit of the hour,
it will not tend to preserve a republican form
of government. This imperatively demands
that the servants of the people should be able
to maintain at least for themselves and their
families a respectable existence.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I have nothing
further to say except that I wish the House to
weigh well the danger of refusing to concur in '
this report. The conferees have spent ten full
hours of hard work in preparing it for the con-
sideration of the House ; and 1 ask gentlemen
to consider the responsibility thrown upon
them in acting upon this question. 1 call for
a vote.
The SPEAKER. The hour allotted to
the gentleman from Ohio to close debate has
expired.-
Mr. HOLMAN. I rise to a parliamentary
inquiry, there being but one subject, the salary
alone, in reference to which there is division
of opinion. If the House refuse to sustain this
point Will it not be in order to recommit to the
same committee?
Ihe SI LAKER. It would be, or to order
a new conference.
Mr. HOLMAN. We have twenty hours left
in which that can be done.
Mr. HOLMAN demanded the yeas and nays.
J he yeas and nays were ordered.
Ihe SPEAKER. The Chair has decided
if w(^'c' not entertain a motion to lay upon
the table a conference report. He is aware
