THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 6,
part of the Government to encourage the necessary
aggregation of capital, and to secure its results to
some extent in return for the national enterprise in
which it is embarked."
The bill under consideration contemplates
one great building-yard for the Atlantic having
all these qualifications, and another to be
located at a satisfactory point upon one of the
western rivers, neither calling for an appropri-
ation of money to aid in their creation ; but
each being an enterprise mainly at the risk of
individuals, giving to the people vast benefit
and to the Government enlarged facilities for
rapid and cheap ship-building and reparing in
time of war or other emergency.
The Committee on Naval Affairs have thrown
safe guards round the measure to protect the
Government, to prevent monopoly, and to
secure the interests of the people.
The International Steamship Company placed
before the committee plans of various improve-
ments connected with iron, with machinery, and
with processes of construction, most of which
are secured by letters-patent, and which seem
to demonstrate our ability to build iron ships
as expeditiously and as cheaply as our rivals,
and at the same time of better material. To
prevent any undue advantage to this company,
and to equalize the benefits to all builders, the
committee inserted this obligation:
"The said company shall, when required, supply
to any builder in the United States, with reasonable
promptness, the heavier portions of iron work
wrought into specific forms upon patterns furnished,
or steam machinery, or the superior metal theretor,
upon being paid the cost, outlay, and charges re-
quired for the production thereof, with live per
cent, added thereto as profit upon any portion of
such work requisite to enable such ship-builder to
enter upon the construction of iron or wooden
By this provision the benefits of this yard
become extended to every ship-builder from
Maine to Texas, and, if required, to the ports
of the Pacific. By the creation of this first
building yard, and the extended facilities
under this provision, our ship-builders and
mechanics can step boldly forward to regain,
not only their former distinction, of producing
the finest and fastest of ships, but the reem-
ployment of the thirty thousand—with largely
added numbers—of shipwrights whose occu-
pations have been lost for years.
Why, Mr. President, were their occupations
lost? I reply, because none of the master-
builders could supply the capital to create
facilities sufficient to work exclusively a new
material into their art, which the power, the
wealth, the foresight, and enterprise of a great
Government had experimented upon and
demonstrated as more economical in use ; and
then aided its ship-builders with ample means
to extend their works to such capacity as to
defy individual effort to compete, in any but
an old country, plethoric of capital, and ready
to supply it in abundance to any enterprise
that would surely yield even three per cent,
per annum. Had our Government gone for-
ward at the close of the war, and extended that
aid to our own that Great Britain did to her
ship-builders, would we now be as we are, a
humiliated nation in all that relates to our
transatlantic carrying trade V No, sir; the
seven years since then, though brief for such
a work, would have placed us now in the first
rank of commercial nations.
That old ship-building talent, which, in the
war of 1812, gave us some of the quickest war
cruisers and privateers then known ; that old
talent which, in the competition of the lines
between New York and Liverpool, produced
the best carriers and passenger packets ; that
old talent which introduced upon the ocean
new nautical forms in our clipper ships, which
distanced in fleetness and business fitness all
others on their routes; that old talent, sir,
would again have started up with renewed
vigor and greater brilliancy, to produce Amer-
ican iron, as well as wooden steamers and sail-
ing craft, which would have been as far in
advance of the British screws of to-day as were
our fast and beautiful clippers in advance of
the sluggish ships which they drove from the
ocean in the yesterday of time. That talent
still lives, and, though somewhat blunted by
its country's humble position of dependence
upon foreign ships, is neither depressed by
want of hope nor palsied by fear in entering
into a contest with an antagonist whom it has
outstripped in former races, aud who, though
now developed stronger and more powerful
than ever, it hopes, by a wise course, to so far
distance in this coming contest as to niake it
a finalty, by giving precedence forever to
American steamers and every other form of
ocean craft.
Mr. President, my honorable friend, the
Senator from Michigan, [Mr. Chandler,] in
speaking upon American commerce to this
body, said:
" I am talking of iron ships, three-thousand-ton
iron ships, that do the commerce of the world. Those
are the ships we want, those are the ships we must
have; or else we cannot compete with other nations
in this traffic. We have lost the whole of it, and we
have built ap aeommerce all over the world for our
worst enemy, by the profits of this traffic, that is of
right ours, aud which we ought to have."
These, sir, were words of truth, properly
comprehended ; words of stern rebuke to our
indifference and neglect, in seizing and con-
trolling that which by natural right was our
own. Further on, the distinguished Senator
added, in a spirit of history, of prophesy, and
of deep regret, this sentence:
" We beat the world in wooden ships, We can,
after a time, beat the world in iron ships, We can-
not do it to-day. In the mean time, the world is
reaping a harvest from this commerce too great
almost for computation."
This was spoken in May, 1870, almost
two years ago. In that time it is believed
that discoveries and inventions in the conver-
sion of ores which so greatly increase the
good quality, while they reduce the cost of
iron, the skillful contrivance of plans and
inventions of machinery to husband manual
labor and reduce cost in construction of ships
have been made. Let us hope the time for
the fulfillment of the Senator's prophesy has
come.
Mr. President, it may be well, just here, to
look at the policy of England in caring for her
ships and commerce. That policy, dating as
far back as 1381, forbade any subjects of the
king to ship any merchandise outward or in-
ward in any other than English ships, under
penalty of forfeiture of ships and merchandise.
Avowedly adopted for the purpose of increas-
ing her shipping, this policy involved her in
contests and wars with continental nations.
But she clung tenaciously to it, and in 1660
enlarged the scope of the original act so as to
limit and restrict every movement in com-
merce to her advantage, and expressly ex-
cluding, where possible, all foreign ships from
engaging ill English traffic. There were parties
then who opposed the act, energetically urging
that it would make the production of ships
more costly and increase the rate of seamen's
wages, to the injury of merchants. The his-
torian (Mr. Anderson, in his History of Com-
merce,) in noting this goes on to say :
"Notwithstanding all this we by this navigation
act have gradually obtained a vast increase of ship-
ping and mariners, for by patience and steadiness
we have in length of time obtained the two Kieat
ends of this ever famous act. namely:
"1. The bringing of our people to build ships for
carrying on such an extensive commerce as they had !
not before.
"2. We have absolutely excluded all other nations !
from any direct trade or correspondence with our
American plantations."
In these two ancient acts relating directly
to shipping was the origin of that vast inter-
ests in ships and commerce owned and con-
trolled by Great Britain to-day. At no time
has the fostering care of that Government
toward ships, or the mariners to navigate them,
been neglected. Her merchant marine is the
source of her naval and commercial power.
Ever watchful to retain this power, she seeks
to restrain maritime development by other
nations; and to this end she has decline!!,
where possible, reciprocal treaties, and is
bound now with most of them only by the
general reciprocal act of her Parliament of
1849. Her statesmen, while advocating the
broadest freedom of trade, declare shipping
to be an exception to the general rule. The
privilege which she now grants, of admitting
foreign-built vessels to British registry, is prac-
tically nothing but a political snare to entrap
other nations to give like privileges of regis-
ter, that they may become dependent upon her
own ship-builders. In the fiscal year 1809-70,
in proportion to the whole new tonnage placed
upon her-registers in that year, only two per
cent, was from purchase of foreign tonnage,
while her sale to foreigners was forty-three
per cent, of her whole new tonnage produced
in the same time.
Upon the advent of steam, at Government
expense, she tried its fitness for the ocean by
placing in 18*21 steam packets between Holy-
head and Ireland. When successful use was
thus demonstrated new lines were added by
contracts, giving aid to those of her subjects
who were willing to engage in such enterprises,
until a system was formed for ocean mails by
steamships which in their routes and voyages
reached nearly every port of commercial im-
portance. Dp to 1861. when this oceau sys-
tem we.s complete, her large steamships, with
but few exceptions, were of wood, and at this
period her total tonnage, sail and steam,
engaged in foreign trade aggregated 5.89-5 36'.)
tons. About this time the following facs
became evident to the English Goverrment:
1. That wood was not the best materi.il for
steamships: the heat of steam caused decay,
weakness of structure ensued, with leakage
and damage to cargo.
2. That frequent inspection in dry-dock,
and repair must be observed, or that loss of
ship, cargo, and life, must be of frequent
occurrence.
3. That this system of repair, followed by
replacement of new ships to sustain the lines,
would be so exhaustive of wood, that if wood
continued to be the material its cost to
England would be beyond the remunerative
return upon nearly every ocean route.
4. That the experience already gained by
constructing the commercial steamers Great
Britain, Himalaya, and some others, as also
in the four sixteen-gun iron war steamers
Eiebus, Thunder, Terror, and Thunderbolt,
the four last built in 1856, had satisfactorily
established iron as a fit material for steam-
So soon as these facts were authoritively de-
termined, England, with that practical fore-
cast which has characterized her acts in all
that relates to her commerce, offered sufficient
encouragement and moneyed inducements to
her ship-builders to change thpir woodeti into
iron ship-building yards, and continued her
system of money subsidies to lines of steam-
ers. It has been asserted without contradic-
tion that for ten years she expended two mil-
lion pounds sterling or ten million dollars
annually in enabling her ship-builders to make
this change. I intend, sir, before I close to
demonstrate that, large as was this sura, it was
wisely expended; but at this point I drop
England's efforts to extend her commerce, to
bring before you our own carrying trade and
commerce from its commencement to this
same period, that the comparisons of one with
the other may be clearly observed.
Mr. President, the policy of the United
States relative to ships and shipping dates
from 1789. It gives to American vessels a
monopoly of the coasting trade and excludes
foreign-built vessels from our registers. Be-
yond this the Government, with the exception
of protecting the fisheries, has done but little
to foster the shipping trade. Improvement
in the greatest of arts, that of ship-building,
advancement in one of the noblest of sciences,
that of navigation, and the development of the
commercial marine, so far as each relate to our
