180
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 13,
has already paid duty once. Such I take it is
the theory of the present bill. I read its
words:
That there shall be allowed and paid, under such '
ragul&tious as the Secretary of the Treasury shall
prescribe, on all materials, except lumber, imported
into the port and district of Boston anil Charlestown,
to be used, and actually u9ed, in the construction
and completion of buildings erected on the site of
Imildine? burned by the tire of November H and 10,
1<72. a drawback of the import duties paid on the
sauie.
The whole theory of that provision is that
these importations are a substitute for those
which have already paid duty, but which have
been destroyed by tire. That is why it is
called a drawback. It is a drawback in princi-
ple and in fact; and who will say that the
recognition of such a drawback interferes with
the uniformity of duties throughout the Uni-
ted States ? Congress may, if it sees fit, apply
the same rule hereafter in a similar case.
Should, unhappily, another conflagration visit
another metropolis, I trust Congress would
not hesitate, nor should I listen to the sugges-
tion which I heard several times that here is
favoritism. Sir, I know no such thing as
favoritism in the present case. There is
nothing but justice. It is simply recognizing
the duties already paid to the United States.
It says to the losing proprietors "You shall not
pay duties on these articles twice; you have
paid once. By the act of God these articles
have passed out of existence ; renew them and
we shall not require a second duty; the duty
already paid suffices."
Such I take it is the principle of the present
bill. It seems to me entirely reasonable ; it
seems to me a principle on which we can
stand ; and hereafter if any case arises of suf-
ficient importance to justify the intervention
of Congress, it is a principle on which I think
Congress ought to act.
With this view, which to my own mind is
entirely satisfactory—I know not how it will
be to other Senators; I submit it with diffi-
dence, but it seems to me to be a complete
answer to the constitutional objection which I
have heard—with this view, I say, I hope there
will be no delay, that the Senate will act
promptly without reference to a committee,
and give the encouragement that is so much
needed to the suffering citizens of Boston.
Mr. CASSERLY. I wish to correct a re-
mark made by the Senator from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Wilson,] who appears to have charge of
this bill. A while ago, in stating certain pre-
cedents, as he supposed them, in favor of this
bill, he spoke of San Francisco as a case in
which the General Government had extended
relief in respect of losses sustained by reason
of a great fire. Though a resident of San
Francisco for more than twenty-two years,
including the year 1851, which saw the two
greatest conflagrations that ever befel that city,
I had never heard of any relief granted her by
the General Government on such a ground. I
was quite sure the Senator from Massachusetts
was mistaken in his reference to San Fran-
cisco. I took the trouble, however, to look at
the books on the subject, and I find nothing in
any of them to sustain the Senator. I looked
particularly at the printed accounts of the
great fires of 1850 and 1851, in the early
history of the city, when three times within
thirteen months she was laid waste by fire.
Of two of those fires, those in 1851, the most
disastrous San Francisco ever saw, I speak
from personal recollection.
If ever there was in the United States a case
of widespread destruction by fire which might
be considered as appealing most strongly for
relief by the General Government, San Fran-
cisco in the years 1850 and 1851 was precisely
that case. 1 would not in the slightest degree
extenuate the magnitude of the misfortune
which last year befell Chicago, nor of that
which a few months ago befell Boston. Yet
in each instance the misfortune had much
alleviation. Chicago, even in her ruins, had
still left to her a'great body of business rela-
tions on which she could fall back for succor.
She was also the center of a great system of
railroads to which she was essential, so essen-
tial that if the people of the city had not re-
built it the railroads centering there must have
rebuilt it; and, as we all know, they did largely
contribute to her marvelous rise from her
ashes. As for Boston, she was far better off
than Chicago. The day after her great disas-
ter she had in reserve a greater power of cap-
ital, of credit, of business relations with the
Union, than any other community of the same
size in the United States. In her case still
more than in that of Chicago the misfortune
which fell upon her fell with no crushing
effect, as we are happy to know. And while
we speak of these better aspects of two such
disasters, far from us be the thought which
would find anything but caus0 for sorrow and
sympathy in the disasters of the chief city of
New England and the chief city of the North-
west.
How much greater were the sufferings of
San Francisco from fire 1 She had to bear
them alone, without any of the resources of
Chicago or Boston. In those two fated years
of 1850 and 1851 she passed three times
through the fiery furnace. In those two years
she, an infant city struggling for an existence,
with comparatively little credit, with a very
slender hold upon the business relations of
the country, remote, almost unfriended, an
outpost of American civilization on the Pa-
! cific, was substantially destroyed out and out.
What the great fires of 1850 spared the far
greater fires of 1851—the first of them in May,
and the second of them in June—utterly swept
away. So that it is historically true to say
that by the fires of 18-50 and 1851 San Fran-
cisco was substantially all burnt over and burnt
up. Yet in the midst of her desolation, the
most utter that ever came upon an American
city, she had to rely not on the General Gov-
ernment, but on herself. She did not rely in
vain. Without aid or relief from the General
Government her people built her up anew, a
better, finer, and stronger city than ever, out
! of the ruins of the terrible fires of 1851. They
did it out of their own resources, their own
energy, and their own courage. Almost out
of nothing they raised her up out of what
seemed a ruin without reparation and without
hope. They did it without aid or relief from
i the General Government. They and their
i city have ever since been all the better for it,
all the better and stronger for that one great
great lesson of self-reliance.
So much, sir, I rose to say, not in any de-
gree to disparage the claim presented here now
for Boston or the claim presented at the last
session for Chicago, but simply, to use a
phrase not unfamiliar in this Hail, to vindicate
the truth of history in regard to the city of my
home on the other side of the continent,
j Being on my feet, I shall say a word or two
j as to the vote which I shall give on the pend-
ing motion of the Senator from Ohio [Mr.
! Thueman] to commit this bill to the Judiciary
Committee.
I shall vote for the motion. I think it very
desirable that in the obvious conflict of views
which exists in this body among some of the
ablest and most experienced Senators we should
have the aid of the Judiciary Committee in
arriving at a proper conclusion upon this bill.
For myself, I ought to say in candor that I see
no way of avoiding the constitutional objec-
tion which has been urged here, first, I believe,
by the Senator from Wisconsin, [Mr. Carpen-
ter,] and afterward sustained by other Sen-
ators on each side of the Chamber.
The Senator from Massachusetts [Mr. Sum-
neb] argued with great earnestness and much
force of illustration, that the bill is not a
bill in conflict with the provisions of the Con-
stitution : first, that all duties shall be uni-
form ; and next, that Congress shall give no
preference by any regulation of revenue or
commerce to the ports of one State over the
ports of any other. I cannot agree with him.
WHIit does this bill do ? It prbvides that all
materials of a certain description imported
into the port of Boston for a certain period
shall be entitled to a drawback. What is the
result? That all that import business of the
class and for the period specified in this bill
will seek the port of Boston rather than any
other port. In other words, all such business
will give a preference to that port as against
any other port. Why ? Because Congress
has given that port a preference by allowing
a refund of duties on all such imports brought
there. In the next place, how can you say
that you make "duties uniform," when the
same imports which pay duties at all other
ports, without any drawback, are entitled to
a drawback at Boston ? When you do this, is
it not true, as it was so well put by the Senator
from Indiana, [Mr. Morton,] that you under-
take to exempt a particular port as to a particu-
lar class of articles from the operations of your
general tariff law. That is just what it is; no
more, no less. Who will say that such a thing
can be done ?
When you refund all duties paid on a certain
class of imports at the port of Boston, you do
in effect make Boston as to such imports a
free port. If you can do that as to one class
of imports you can as to all. I sum up the
whole in one word. Can you make a free
port in one State of the Union to the exclu-
sion of all ports in the other States? Unless
Congress can do that under the Constitution,
Congress cannot pass this bill.
The Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr. Wil-
son,] seeks to avoid the constitutional objec-
tion by striking out of his bill the name of the
port of Boston. I apprehend this will hardly
reach the difficulty. True, it does in terms
make the bill a general bill entitling all arti-
cles to a drawback wherever imported if they
are to be used and are in fact used in the con-
struction of buildings upon the site of buildings
burned in the fire of Boston. The effect re-
mains the same, however. You still in effect
give a preference to the port of Boston. The
articles are to be used there, to be entitled to
a drawback. Of course no one will think of
importing them at any other port Boston will
still have the preference forbidden by the Con-
stitution. This will be extremely plain, if yon
consider the bill as though it provided that the
articles were to be sold in Boston—which is
really the effect of it—and on that ground were
entitled to a drawback. Could the constitu-
tionality of such a bill be maintained ? Why
not? Because the import business would all go
to that port in preference to ports in any other
State. That would be the practical effect of
such an act. However, sir, 1 shall very gladly
await the action of the Judiciary Committee
on the whole subject if it be the judgment of
the Senate that the bill shall be referred to
that committee.
Mr. STEVENSON. I hope this bill will be
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
I am sure the friends of the bill will gain
strength by its reference ; and I say it in no
invidious spirit. In the case of Chicago, while
I sympathized as much as any Senator on this
floor with the suffering people there, I was
compelled by my views of the Constitution to
vote against that bill. I had every desire to
vote for it, being a western man, residing in
the vicinity, and having the kindest regard
for the Senators who advocated it, but I con-
sidered myself bound under my views of the
Constitution to cast my vote against it. I
agree with the Senators on this side of the
Chamber who say that if this subject should
receive a thorough consideration in the Judi-
ciary Committee, and especially a unanimous
report from that committee, the bill itself
would gain friends on this side of the Chamber
from Senators who have every wish to show
