1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
183
ing modelings, Ac., issued to him October
21, 1851, surrendered and reissued March 15,
1859, and extended by the Commissioner for
seven years from the 21st of October, 1865,
for a further term of seven years, from and
after the passage of this act; provided, how-
ever, that said extended term shall inure to
the sole benefit of Rebecca A. Marcher, widow
and executrix of the said Robert Marcher, her
heirs and assigns; and provided further, no
person shall be liable for infringing said
extended patent by reason of any manufac-
ture, use, or sale subsequent to the 21st of
October, 1872, and prior to the passage of
this act.
Mr. RANDALL. I ask that the report be
read.
Mr. L. MYERS. There is a full report in
the case.
Mr. RANDALL. It has covered a scope
of twenty-one years already.
Mr. L. MYERS. This is a case which is
left to the discretion of the Commissioner.
Mr. RANDALL. That is as much as giving
it away.
The SPEAKER. The report of the com-
mittee will be read.
The report, which was read, states that let-
ters-patent were issued to Robert Marcher, of
Philadelphia, October 21, 1851, for improve-
ment in machinery for enameling modelings,
Ac.; that the same were surrendered and re-
issued March 15, 1859, on amended specifica-
tions, and that the patent was extended for
seven years from the 21st of October, 1865, by
the Commissioner of Patents. This invention
consists of a machine for the purpose of apply-
ing a semi-liquid composition to modelings
for picture frames, looking-glass frames, and
smooth surfaces to be enameled preparatory
to gilding; and the evidence shows that it has
realized what was expected from it to such an
extent that the modeling can be better pre-
pared by this machine at a cost of three cents
than by the old process at a cost of $1 50.
These machines are easily manufactured, cost-
ing but fifteen to twenty dollars each, and oc-
cupying so small a space that unprincipled
manufacturers have made, used, and sold them
in large numbers, rather than pay the license
fees for them; so that the patent has yielded
very meagre profits to the inventor and his
heirs; in fact, only a few hundred dollars a
.year, instead of the many thousands of dollars
it should have produced. So important have
"been the benefits conferred upon the public by
this inventor that many leading manufacturers,
nineteen in Philadelphia and twenty in New
York city and vicinity, have joined in asking
for this extension for the benefit of the widow
of the inventor. The license for the use of
these machines has been at such a rate as to
place it within the reach of all manufacturers,
as the largest establishment requires but two
or three of them. No benefit was derived from
the patent prior to 1859, and since then but a
small amount compared with its great value to
the public, who have really enjoyed it without
paying any adequate compensation. The
widow and executrix, who is the petitioner in
this application for relief, is in indigent cir-
cumstances, with three minor children de-
pendent upon her for support. The commit-
tee therefore state that, after having investi-
gated the case, they feel satisfied that if this
patent is extended it would inure to their ben-
efit ; and as an act of justice on the part of Con-
gress, and to give the representatives of the in-
ventor the chance of profit which this exten-
sion might furnish them, recommend the pass-
age of the accompanying bill.
The bill wag ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. L. MYERS moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
tb0ma8 warkkr.
Mr. L. MYERS. I am instructed by the
Committee on Patents to report back, with
the recommendation that it ao pass, the bill
(H. R. No. 2142) for the relief of Thomas
Warker. It is a bill for the correction of an
error.
The bill was read. It directs the Commis-
sioner of Patents to grant a hearing of the
application of Thomas Warker for the exten-
sion of letters-patent granted to him on the
27th of April, 1858, for improvement in appa-
ratus for generating acid gas, and he is author-
ized to revive and extend the letters-patent for
the further term of seven years from and after
the 27th of April, 1872, if in his judgment the
patentee was the original and first inventor of
the invention described in the letters-patent,
and the invention is useful, and the patentee
has failed, without neglect or fault on his part,
to obtain from the use and sale of the inven-
tion a reasonable remuneration for the time,
ingenuity, labor, and expense bestowed upon
the same and the introduction thereof into u3e;
and the letters-patent, when so revived and
extended, shall have the same effect in law as
if it had been originally granted for the term
of twenty-one years.
The question was on ordering the bill to be
engrossed and read a third time.
Mr. MAYNARD. The chairman of the
Committee on Patents has told us that this
bill is simply for the correction of an error. I
do not exactly see from the reading of the bill
what the error is, or how it is proposed to be
corrected.
Mr. L. MYERS. The patent in this case
expired on the 27th of April, 1858. The pat-
entee, either by his own inadvertence or that
of his attorney, failed to make an application
for the extension within the time prescribed
by law. This bill gives him the privilege of
applying to the Commissioner of Patents for
the extension.
Mr. MAYNARD. Where is the error?
Mr. L. MYERS. The error was an inad-
vertence in allowing the time to elapse, and
it was an error of the attorney of the patentee.
In all such cases the committee unanimously
recommend that the petitioner should be re-
lieved, and Congress has never refused relief.
This bill does not grant any extension, but
simply allows the party to be heard.
Mr. MAYNARD. I see no good reason
why the operation of the general law should
be suspended for this man's benefit simply
because he wants it. This system of allowing
men to let the opportunities given them by
the law pass unimproved, and then to come
in here and get special legislation is all wrong ;
not only wrong in each particular case, but
wrong as a matter of policy. The law is for
the benefit of the prudent, and not of the care-
Mr. L. MYERS. That is very well ex-
pressed.
Mr. MAYNARD. And not expressed for
the first time.
Mr. L. MYERS. But expressed now a little
out of season. In the last eight years I do not
believe there have been over twenty applica-
tions of this kind. They have never been
refused where the party has failed to make
application through his own lack of knowledge
of the law. In many cases where a party has
allowed a few days to pass in making his
application, through ignorance of the law, he
has been relieved subsequently so as to allow
htm time to appear with his evidence before
the Commissioner of Patents.
Mr. MAYNARD. We have had instances,
I know, in which relief has been granted where
it has been physically impossible for the par-
ties to comply with the provisions of the law.
Mr. L. MYERS. There is an affidavit here
which explains all the facts in the case, and I
must insist upon the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and
the main question ordered, being upon order-
ing the bill to be engrossed and read a third
time.
The question was put; and there were—
ayes 41, noes 59 ; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. L. Myers
and Mr. Maynard were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 75, noes 48.
The bill was accordingly ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time ; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. L. MYERS moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
heirs of jonathan haines.
Mr. KELLOGG, from the Committee on
Patents, reported back, with the recommend-
ation that it do not pass, the bill (S. No. 1478)
for the relief of the heirs of Jonathan Haines,
deceased, and moved that the same be laid
on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. KELLOGG moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was laid on the table;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
hiram w. hayden.
Mr. KELLOGG, from the same committee,
reported back, with the recommendation that
it do pass, the bill (S. No. 1152) for the relief
of Hiram W. Hayden.
The preamble and bill were read. The pre-
amble recites that on the 16th of December,
1851, letters-patent were granted to Hiram
W. Hayden for machinery for making kettles
and articles of like character from disks of
metal, which were extended by the Commis-
sioner of Patents, and were afterward, on
the 18th of February, 1866, reissued to Hay-
den, and were afterward, to wit, on the 2-lth
of May, 1870, surrendered and reissued to the
Waterbury Brass Company, as assignees of
Hiram W. Hayden, in two divisions, numbered
respectively 3995 and 3996, and which will
expire on the 16th of December, 1872 ; and
that the inventions and machinery of Hiram
W. Hayden are novel, and that he is the ori-
ginal and first inventor thereof, and that the
same are of great value and importance to the
public, and that Hiram W. Hayden has re-
ceived no adequate reward for the service con-
ferred on the public by the invention. There-
fore, the bill provides that the letters-patent,
as reissued May 24, 1870, be extended for the
term of seven years from the 16th of Decem-
ber, 1872, to Hiram W. Hayden, his heirs and
legal representatives ; and the Commissioner
of Patents is directed, upon the presentation
of the letters-patent and the payment of the
fees and charges provided by law, to make a
certificate of this extension on the letters-pat-
ent, or on a certified copy thereof, and to cause
this extension to be recorded in the records of
the Patent Office.
Mr. KELLOGG. If there is no objection
to this bill, I will call the previous question
upon it.
Mr. W. R. ROBERTS. I object.
Mr. KELLOGG. I hope the gentleman
will allow the previous question to be ordered;
I shall then have an hour and I will yield to
him for a few moments, but there is other
business pressing from the Committee on
Patents.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. Let us have the
report read.
Mr. KELLOGG. There is no written re-
port accompanying the bill from the Senate,
but if gentlemen will allow the previous ques-
tion to be ordered, I will state in a few words
the object of the bill. I hope, on account of
the other business behind this, there will be
no objection to the ordering of the previous
question.
