1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1147
mained equal, but it was in excess, and hence
increased—the yearly average freight profit of
§02,700,192.
Taking the whole carrying trade as between
Europe and the United States, it has been
shown that before the war we held a yearly
average of seventy-one per cent, of its amount.
The preceding statistics show that we now
average only fifteen per cent, of it. Had we
placed iron steamers on the ocean capable of
sustaining equality in transportation, our pro-
portion, without any increase, would have con-
tinued seventy-one per cent, as previously
held, less the fifteen per cent, we now hold;
which would give us yearly as our part of the
freight receipts, $37,843,157.
Y/hich in the twelve years from 1860 to this time
would have amounted to the sum of.....$454,118,244
There have been brought to our shores
from 1861 to the present time 2,916,629
immigrants in foreign ships; which, at
the average of thirty-five dollars for
each immigrant, is $102,081,870
There have been carried from
our ports to Europe in the
same period 357,712 steerage
passengers; which, at the
average of thirty dollars
each, is  11,731,360
The estimated yearly average
of first-class passengers on
outward and inward pas-
sages is 86,829: this for the
same term gives 1,041,948;
which, at $110 each, a low
average, is    114,614,286
Making an aggregate of. 8228,437,516
Seventy-one per cent of this amount, had
wo retained our ships on the ocean,
would have been our proportion, and is, 162,190,636
In the six years preceding 1860 we had
built ships upon foreign orders, which
a veraged per year 82,802,170, and at this
average, without increase, is for the
twelve years  33,626,040
There is thus a loss of S649.934.920
on these three items of ocean commerce.
It is a loss in gold which would have been
paid to us from, foreign account, and which
would have gone far in its own amount and
incidental relations to have equalized our for-
eign balances, saving to us the exchange on
foreign transactions and keeping the gold with
us as a basis to resume and permanently to
sustain specie payments.
Mr. President, these are positive losses, just
so much of the national wealth obliterated
lorever; but this, sir, is not the worst; in its
train these losses are undermining our com-
mercial independence, breaking down the
ability to protect our agricultural products,
checking our mining and other industries, sub
jecting us to the mercy of foreign monopolies
which may contrive to shut up our exports, or
demand such rates of freight therefor as will
ruin the producers. Why, sir, such a combin-
ation has been recently made to advance
freight on wh=at.
Just here I will state the facts, for it is well
ihe great agricultural interests should know
how easily a combination maybe made to take
from them their margin of profit, thus reducing
them to the condition of the day laborer in
producing only sufficient for bare subsistence.
That combination was made by some of the
foreign iron steamship companies, when it
became known there was a partial failure
of the present wheat crop in Great Britain.
In thesummer orearly autumn they dispatched
un agent to Europe to charter all the available
grain carrying ships—notto carry grain, but to
keep them from doing so—to send them on
other voyages, or t.o lay tlietn up, as would
.surest secure the advance in freights.
Under this process freights advanced from
tixponce sterling to fourteen pence half penny
per bushel, the difference between the two
in our money being seventeeu cents. We
have no analytic returns showing the exact
consumption of our grain in Great Britain
since ISO'.!, but if the ratio of that year is kept
up this difference of seventeen cents per bushel
on wheat for Great Britain only, took just
$0,584,397 from our agriculturists to put into
the coffers of these foreign steamship com-
panies. This, sir, is the mere advance upon
their then ruling high freight rates of sixpence
per bushel.
When we had our own competing lines of pack-
ets and steamers the freight on grain was from
three to sixpence; the average rarely exceed-
ing fourpence per bushel. If this rate of four-
pence had ruled instead of the sixpence, the
difference of this advance on total freight
would have been $8,119,808 saved to our agri-
cultural interests in this single season had we
our own steamers on the ocean to keep down
by fair competition freight rates to a fair price.
Now, sir, the freight price on grain fixes
relatively the freight rate upon nearly every
article ; and as between American and British
ports, fixes the price comparatively for all
continental ports. Apply the difference, (the
E^onopolists' advance of seventeen cents on
wheat,) and what does it give for our whole
export of wheat, corn, and flour? Why, Mr.
President, if we export-the same as last year
only, it gives $10,535,983; but if to this be
added the difference between the average of
price when we had competing vessels, it swells
that sum to §13,016,787 as the loss which
our agriculturists must sustain each year, with
its proportionate advance as the quantity of
these exports increase.
Turn to oar cotton or planting interest,
and apply these freight prices. Our total ex-
port of cotton last year was 1,462,928,024
pounds. The exact ratio of advance of
freight on grain would be equal to thirty-five
hundredths of a cent per pound on cotton, and
this advance on that article takes from our
planters the sum of $5,120,288.
Now, Mr. President, in these two of our
staple products there is an absolute plunder
from the agricultural and planting interests of
$18,137,075 in this present year. Morally it
is as much a plunder as if it were taken by an
armed raid. It differs from that only in this :
that such a raid would have roused up the peo-
ple to resistance, protection, resentment, aud
retaliation, at the cost of hundreds, perhaps
thousands, of millions of dollars. This shows
that there are more conquests in peace by the
insidious work of a crafty adversary than there
can be in war by the fair and bold fighting of
an honorable foe. We are being conquered,
being subjugated—the value of our landed
products being taken from us while we quietly
submit to greater exactions.
Mr. President, we can relieve ourselves from
this subjugation, from these increasing exac-
tions, by meeting the insidious advances in the
way they should be met—with steamships of
better forms, better materials, equal in econ-
omy, superior in speed. These means are
open to our service and make sure our success
by accepting the provisions of this_ bill. It
will be the commencement of a creative power
to protect the citizens derived from immigra-
tion, and whom we have induced to seek our
lands by the fair promise of protection to the
labor they should apply thereon._ To induce
this immigration to us we have given millions
upon millions of acres of land to build rail-
roads, penetrating our domain, that easier
access could be made for the hardy settlers who
come to avail themselves of our generous
homestead laws.
To open up and still further aid in western
development, we have given to one trans-
continental line of railroad, in addition to vast
bodies of lands, more than $60,000,000 in the
equivalent of money. To another we have
given upward of fifty million acres of land.
We have appropriated vast sums ol money
to improve the harbors on the lakes and the
navigation of the rivers of the Vvest. and by
! these munificent donations have built up
' there a great empire. But in doing this we
seem to have forgotten the commerce that
was to arise therefrom ; forgotten that it was
injustice to this great West not to provide the
! means of bearing over the oceans the teeming
; products which western hands would gather
in from the rich lands we had so bounteously
bestowed upon them.. We forgot the eastern
States and the great harbors that we had built
up on their Atlantic waters ; forgot that these
harbors must be the depots to receive and for-
ward the wonderful products of the West, and
that it would require our own ships and steam-
ers, sailing under our own flag, to protect
these products from being filched in their
value by high freights and forced sales through
foreign ships and foreign agents.
We have forgotten or we have omitted to
provide, or to aid in providing, the ships and
steamers so absolutely necessary to sustain
the prosperity of the West and of the Bast. In
all the great and generous donations of land
and money to enlarge and strengthen the West,
not a dollar, not an acre of land, has been
given to aid in reraising from its low condi-
tion our shipping and our ocean carrying
trade; aid so essential, when to replace the
tonnage we have lost by that only which is fit
to compete with that of other nations millions
are required to prepare the building works for
iron, where formerly only a few thousands
answered for the works for wooden ships.
Sir, this great empire of the West, so well
provided in its home facilities, so much ne-
glected in the provision of those outward-bear-
ing facilities which would make its roads,
homes, lands, and products more valuable, has
grown, will keep growing, traversed by the
railroads we have aided, which in their turn
have caused to spring up towns and cities,
concentrative points for receiving and forward-
ing its great agricultural products and min-
erals. Merchants have grown up with these,
who advance upon or buy these productions, to
forward them to the great Atlantic depots,
thence to be sent to their final markets. The
merchant and farmer are thus mutually de-
pendent upon each other. Their success or
ruin rests upon the steadiness and paying
profit in the price at that final market. If
more than the profit on production is swept
off by a foreign combination imposing high
freights, ruin probably follows to both. If
only the production profit is lost, then farmer
and merchant alike are left no more than the
hireling of the day, saving nothing, and the
country they inhabit is but a dependent upon
the uncertain mercies of foreign monopolists.
The future success, sir, of this great empire
of the West is based upon commerce, sus-
tained by the carrying trade of the Atlantic and
the Pacific. If that carrying trade is under
our own flag, its success is assured. If it_ is
not, even common prosperity is uncertain,
political greatness unattainable.
It was the ship-building and the carrying
trade upon the ocean which raised the repub-
lic of Venice to power and splendor; it was
maritime enterprise, ship-building, and the
carrying trade that raised Portugal, gave her
command of the trade of the Bast Indies, and
enabled her to form an empire in South Amer-
ica ; it was commercial extension upon the
oceans by ship-building and the carrying trade
which made Holland great; each in their turn,
as they held the control of ocean highways,
being in advance of other nations in home
prosperity and wealth, each tottering as
they"lost it: the first to her fall and obliter-
ation as a nation from the map of the world ;
the second, to a position of national insignifi-
, cance; the third, to be subsidiary to the nation,
j who drove her first by battle and next by
greater enterprise from the control of ocean-
borne trade.
Mr. President, our ship-building is nearly
lost, our carrying trade disappearing. Are we
; also to fall nationally as these nations have
I fallen, or. profiting by their history and the
; practical sense which is yet ours, set about the
t work of restoring our commerce on a basis
! which makes its benefits our own the ere-
! ation of an ocean marine for the Atlantic
j for the Pacific which in its excellence shall
il have no successful rival ?
