1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2107
the effect that he regarded fraud, forgery, and
perjury as all fair instruments of war in poli-
tics.
Now as to the views of this witness as to
the crime of perjury: Senator Carpenter on
page 549 puts to the witness the questions :
"Question. State whether in all these proceedings,
thus committing something over a thousand forger-
ies and these fraudulent registrations of votes, you,
acting as a State officer, sworn to do your duty
under the law, did not know all the time that you
were acting criminally? .
"Answer. Yes, sir; it is criminal; there is no mis-
take about that.
"Question. You knew it at the time?
"Answer. Ye", sir.
"Question. Did you know it tben ?
"Annoer. Yes, sir; but I never thought anything
of that kind, as it was being done by every registrar
in the State."
Being further pressed on page 552 as to the
general practice of registrars making false
registrations and stuffing the ballot-boxes, he
said they were all more or less corrupt, and
that is how Governor Warcuoth il slipped up."
By Mr.Carpenter:
Question. How ?
"Amwer. lie slipped up in getting such corrupt
men; that is the great fault that I always found
with the Governor—getting such corrupt men—in-
cluding myself.
"Quc-s-tion. Do you call yourself a corrupt man?
"Aimver. I am in the same boat that he is.
"Question. How do you call yourself a corrupt
man ?
"Answer. So far as political matters go, I sup-
pose so.
"Question. How about swearing falsely ?
"Answer. When X am under oath I will swear to
the truth.
44Question. Were you not under oath in swearing
to the registration papers?
"Answer. I did nut consider that oath amounted
to anything.
"Question. As far as the registration was con-
cerned, and the oath that you took there, it was
mere matter of form?
"Answer. Yes, sir.
"Question. Is that the common understanding/
Was thatyour understanding?
*tAniioer. Yes, sir; that is it exactly.
"Question. What is your age?
"Ansioer. Fifty-one.
"Question. Yuu thought when you took tue oath
it was a mere matter of form, and did not bind your
conscience to do what you swore to do?
"Amwer. Yes, sir; that is it.
"Question. You think the Governor is much to
blame for appointing you?
"Annoer. Yes, sir; with the rest of them.
Ou page 558 he says " political tricks is all
fair and square;" and on the same page, while
he disavows any friendship for Governor Kel-
logg, he admits that he voted for him and
forged affidavits for him.
The character of this man, as given by him-
self, appeared so grotesque, and he seemed to
be such an uuerring example of the doctrine
of total depravity, that Senator Carpenter
seemed to be deeply concerned for the fate of
his soul; and to test whether it was possible
that there could be hope for such a^self-con-
victed scoundrel, he directed to him a few
questions which developed the fact that this
witness Jacques attributed all Ins woes to
politics. Hear him on page 554 :
" Question. When did you turn round and become
aa honest man? . ,, , •
"ji'/isicer. I do not see that. I think that is ail
irrelevant question. I do notcall myself an honest
man when you ask mo what I was politically. 1
aiu down ou politics and politicians entirely, as L
taid before. „ , ,
" Qzcestioii. At the rate of reform at which you
havv been going on since the last election, how long
do jou think it will take you to become an honest
When I leave politics I will become an
honesimau—right then. ,
" Question. What induced you to turn round and
blow, a* you ^ay  on this party that had committed
crimes and wioues? _ , .
"Answer. 1 was disgusted with iho whole trans-
action. aud all of them. I have had a dirty hand m
it, and did dirty work for tho party, and 1 got sick
of if*" . c
Well might this fellow think the question of
honesiy irrelevant. 1 wish Governor War
moth and his Democratic friends, including
the gentleman from Indiana, well of their
witness. lie was swift to inform them that he
was no neophyte, and that lie took his initia-
tory lessons of rascality m the Democratic
camp. According to his statement the* Gov-
ernor scented him from afar off, and although
Jacques was a little slow to obey the call, when
he did go he went " body and boots."
From the following dialogue it would seem
that the witness and the gentleman from In-
diana are of the same mind in one particular:
both have resolved to retire from politics; the
witness because of his failure to secure an ap-
pointment in the custom-house as a reward
of his villainy, the gentleman from Indiana
because his constituents have no further use
for his services.
1 read from pages 555 and 556 of the testi-
mony :
"Question. Have you any expectation or under-
standing that you are to have any benefit or office,
or anything else for it?
"Answer. No, sir; I am going on a farm.
"Question. This present manifestation, I under-
stand, is just a spontaneous impulse of your own
conscience?
"Answer. I calculated to leave politics entirely.
"Mr. Carpenter. I think it is about timo.
"The Witness. That is the ground I was called
on, and I have stated the fact.
"Question. What are you going to do now ?
"Answer. Iam going on a farm; that is part of
my business.
"'Question. Bo you own a farm ?
(>Answer. No, sir.
"Question. What farm are you going on?
"Answer. X calculated to buy one.
"Question. Where?
"Answer. In tho parish of Plaquemines.
" Question. Have you a particular farm in your
mind, which you are going on?
"Answer. Yes, sir,
"Question. Whatsis it worth?
"Ansioer. About ^500 an acre.
" Question. How many acres are there in it?
"Answer. Two acres front and forty deep.
" Question. Arc you able to pay for it?
"Answer. I think I am.
"Question. You havo not been helped m any way
about paying for it? . ,
"Answer. Why, I havean income from my father s
estate—an estate of about $150,OUU in Now York.
" Question. You are disgusted with politics, and
will become a farmer?
"Answer. I have said it these six months past 1
would. , , , . .
" Question. How long havo youboon playing this
sbenaniging; been in these positions you describe?
"Answer. I)o you mean altogether?
"Question. Yes; altogether.
"Answer. In 1858 and 1800, and all down to tho
present time. . _tiro .
" Question. Where were you m lb58 and. loud i
"Answer. In Champaign county, Illinois. ,
" Question. Were you engaged in tho same business
thero ?
"Answer. I was county surveyor.
" Question. Had you anything to do with the ©lee-
tion in Champaign county, Illinois ?
" Anwonr. I canvassed the county for the Demo-
cratic paity< _ 4 . ... ,
" Question. Had you anything to do with stuffing
ballot-boxes there ? *
■* Answer. Not much. .
" Question. Bid you over do any such thing there /
"Answer. No, sir: I never was commissioner
You never had a chance there. _ Was
the first time you ever had a chance in .Louisiana t
Bid you do it the first chance you did have t
" Answer. No, sir; not the first; there was no ne-
Ce^' (Jtieviion. ITowlong after you had a chance before
you did it?
" Answer. The second election. ,
"Question. You stood one election honestly and
then you went in on the second ?
"Answer. Yes, sir."
The question suggests itself, whether Tam-
many would not be a better place for the
peculiar accomplishments of this witness than
Louisiana; and if his purpose really be to
retire from politics and enjoy his oiium cum
dignitate in pastoral pursuits, would he not
find Champaign county more to his taste than
among the colored citizens of Louisiana.
Now I ask, in all seriousness, whether ihe
statements of such a witnessjustified the gen-
tleman from Indiana, who is a distinguished
lawyer, in presenting a resolution which, to
say the least, was a partial indorsement of the
witness, who had shown himself to be so in-
famously unworthy of credit? _
The gentleman, as a member ot the elec-
tions Committee of the last House, spent sixty-
days in New Orleans taking testimony, ana on
his return this is his opinion as to the charac-
ter of such witnesses: I quote from his re-
marks in the Globe, volume seventy-seven,
page 2623:
" I am unable to say that they [the.witnesses] are
worthy of belief by any court oi justice, unless
strongly corroborated by better mon. They were
men whose characters were covered all over with
crime."
This is a just estimate of the character of the
witness Jacques.
Considering the limited time, the character
of the testimony, and the gentleman's perfect
knowledge of the character of this witness
from his experience in New Orleans, lam con-
strained to believe that the gentleman's pur-
pose was not investigation to develop the
truth, but to lend himself to the circulation of
the vile and malicious statements of a perjured
scoundrel.
Apply the rules of evidence which have be-
come axiomatic not only in courts but in all
the relations of society. These are, that the
common liar is not to be believed; that the
witness who is false in one thing is false in
all—falsus in unofalsus in omnibus; that the
witness who confesses himself infamous, and
that he has been guilty of crimes of the same
family as perjury, is not to be trusted for ver-
acity. Here is a shameless man who confesses
that with due deliberation, while he was regis-
trar, he had fabricated false certificates,
knowingly, wilfully, and with the purpose of
filling them up, as he should find men who
would use them. This, according to the laws
of Louisiana and of the TJnited States, was
a felony of a class which renders the witness
infamous. According to his confession he
acted with a full knowledge of his guilt, but
regardless of consequences, it being_, accord-
ing to his ethics justifiable because mixed with
a political purpose. Then he admitted that
he committed a thousand forgeries by signing
real and imaginery names to affidavits.
Surely, after such an admission of total de-
pravity, I ought to be able to survive the state
ment that in 1870 I carried ballot-boxes to
him, and that he (Jaques) stuffed them. 1 his
statement is simply an unmitigated perjury, as
is also the pure invention that I kuew of,
assented to, or approved his fabrication of
affidavits. . .
As to the election of 1870 I will explain
further. On election day I received inform-
ation of an organized plot to seize and destroy
several Republican boxes inPlaqucmiue parish,
as the commissioners of election were convey-
ing them to the court-house. This would have
been easily accomplished at night. To prevent
it I took a swift tug-boat about three o'clock
in the afternoon, ran rapidly down the river
sixty miles, took on board the commissioners
in charge of their boxes, and a guard of from
four to six men with each box, and conveyed
them to the court-house. Had there been timo
for investigation I would have been able to
prove by fifty witnesses that I had no more to
do with the boxes than the gentleman from
Indiana. But there has not been time even
to receive the affidavits of parties from Flaque-
mine.
I send to the Clerk's desk to have read the
following telegram in this connection :
The Clerk read as follows :
New Obleans. Louisiana,
28, lSio.
lion. J. H. Sypheb:
Senator Butler and Representative Mahoney tes-
tify before United States. Commissioners that they
reside in Plaquemine parish: were ®'efefl£a£ y,®c."
tion in 1870; camo on board of boat with ballot-
boxes; do not beliovu they were WH .:
know positively that Sypher bnd nothing to do with
them; and the statement of Jayuos before benate
committee was utterly false. DIBBLE
Attorney.
Mr. SYPHJfiR. Looking to consequences,
the witness acquitted me of any possible pres-
ence, by admitting that I started to Washing-
ton before he started to t^ke the affidavits, and
did not return until after he had filed them with
the returning board. Certainly I or any other
citizen had the right to take the affidavits of
persons who had been wrongfully deprived of
their votes, not only to preserve ana perpetuate
the evidence as a preparation against, a contest,
but as matter material in determining who had
