1148
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 6,
I believe, sir, that this bill contains the
germ of success for our commerce, the sure
means for creating these ocean steamers, both
of iron and of wood, which, as carriers or in
any service they may be called to by Govern-
ment, will prove equal, I trust superior, in all
employments or services in which tbey may
be required.
Mr. President, the losses we have sustained,
the humiliation on the ocean to which we
are reduced, have been caused, not by the
superior power of any nation, but by our own
careless neglect to use that new element which
controls commerce—cheap transportation by
the means of iron steamships.
I have already said that England, from ne-
cessity, made such experiments as determined
the adoption of iron instead of wood as the
material for steamships. It had become evi-
dent that steamers only could perform that
rapidity of transit between main commercial
ocean centers which railroads upon land had
stimulated commerce to demand from all its
auxiliaries. I do not believe the day of wooden
sailing ships has passed away or ever will pass
away. That wooden steamships will continue
to be used to considerable extent for some routes
and trades I have no doubt.
It is well known that in the Bast Indian,
the Pacific, and the tropical ports, ships must
remain some length of time to discharge and
receive cargoes. It is equally well known
that no ships can lie quiet in those waters, it
matters not their material, without having their
bottoms clustered with marine grass and barn-
acles, technically speaking, "fouling their
bottoms." Copper, zinc, and brass metal
sheating correct this so for as to port it from
them as soon as they are in motion, because
all of these oxydize in a thin surface film
which is parted from the parent metal by the
friction of the water upon the adhering sub-
Stance when the ship is iu rapid motion. Iron
oxydizes in a different manner; it is corrosion
or eating in, while it still adheres so firmly to
the metal that heat or strong material force
must be used to disengage it; hence these sub-
stances of marine life adhere to it and grow,
no matter how great the friction caused by the
ship's motion may be.
In this, sir, consists the main difference
between the practical utility of the material
of wood and iron for sailing ships, so far as
relates to speed. Some assert that an iron
ship will spoil her cargo from sweating, while
a wooden ship will not. I think this is not
the case. An iron ship may do it sooner,
because her material will not absorb the
moisture given off from cargo by heat of the
hold, while_ a wooden ship will absorb, but
only to give it off again upon change of temper-
ature in the foul mass of bilge water, which
works slower but more permanent damage.
Each caused by want of ventilation, which,
properly given, neither can create such damage.
From these clear facts I deduce and I assert
that, the days of wooden ships are not yet num-
bered with the events of the past. Our wood has
not given out, as has that of England, to force
us into the use of but one material. We can
use each, both, and thus more effectually regain
our commerce. On the long ocean routes trav-
ersed by the trade winds wooden ships will
be more economical, if' you will but provide
that each shall carry one or more life-boat-
bunt steam launches, to tow the ships through
the intervening calms and the zones of calms,
extending from sixty to one hundred miles
from the coasts where the trade winds do not
blow home. ^ ft itch steain launches may prove
inestimable in saving life and property in case
of disaster, and will work vast economy in com-
merce. I therefore do not believe the days of
wood ships are passed away; but, sir, I do be-
lieve that for all purposes of quick ocean trans-
portation, on established routes of commerce
iron steamships can be used with much more
success, that their use by us on such routes
will increase the use of sailing ships upon these
irregular but necessary long voyages in distant
seas. One will aid the other, and each will
extend our exports and turn balances in our
favor. It is folly to battle with facts. Iron
steamships we must have, of the best construc-
tion j of our own construction, of our own
iron ; and to have them we must, as the best
and surest way in which they can be obtained,
provide such a building-yard as this, in which
the wooden and the iron ship-builders through-
out the country can be aided, or we had better
abandon all efforts to retain any considerable
portion of our carrying trade, declare ourselves
whipped from the ocean, and surrender that
trade to our rivals, that they may grow richer
as we become poorer in national wealth.
The British Government, as I have before
said, determined this fact, and went practically
to work creating means, by iron ship-building
works, for the supply of iron steamships for
commercial and naval purposes. The result
of this to England has been that her shipping
tonnage, which in I860 was 5,895,369 tons,
has increased in 1871 to 9,787,234 tons ; and
her commerce, which in 1860 was $1,666,728,-
654, has increased, at the close of 1870, to
$3,180,238,750. Thus her means of transport-
ation have been more than doubled; because a
large portion of the increased tonnage is in
iron steamships, her commerce has been
doubled. She has an iron and an iron-clad
navy superior to any other nation ; she has
private iron ship-building yards, which in their
inception she aided to the extent of their cost,
capable of turning out iron-clad naval ships in
ninety days from time of commencement to
time of completion, and hence the ability to
maintain an unprecedented naval power.
Notwithstanding that Prance had large and
costly imperial naval depots and dock yards,
she aided, in a similar manner to England, in
providing means for supplying iron steamers
for commerce ; going even beyond this, she
advanced to the company " Messageries Impe-
riales" the sum of $5,000,000 to build their
steamers, and donated $375,000 in addition, to
place these steamers on the route, to compete
with the British Peninsular and Oriental
Steamship Company. By this one act France
divided from England nearly half of the com-
merce of the Mediterranean, the Red Sea, and
the Indian ocean. Prussia, Austria, Italy,
Russia, and Belgium have so far entered upon
similar systems as not only to retain but to
increase their commerce to an average of sev-
enty per cent, between 1860 and 1870. Even
Japan and China have created iron ship-build-
ing yards and commenced building iron steam-
ers for commercial and naval purposes.
Up to this time we have looked on, doing
nothing, while our means of greatest prosperity
in peace and firmest reliance in war were dying
out; and this, too, while we have ores of iron,
coal, skill, unemployed mechanics, all the
resources and means which, if put in motion
and vigorously pressed, would, within the
present decade, place us in advance of all the
nations of the earth in commercial power and
naval strength.
Other nations have moved, and moved
rapidly. Bach one began by first creating a
building yard of such capacity as suited for
further development, and each one added to
the development by other yards as they were
required. The one this bill contemplates is
adapted to our present condition. It will aid
every ship-builder, whether working in wood
or iron, to extend his work ; it will enable
the ship-builder who works now alone in
wood to change hia wooden yard exclusively
to iron without wasting a dollar of capital, for
this international company's yard is bound by
the condition before named to supply him with
all the heavy pieces of iron, wrought into his
own forms, upon his own patterns—all his
machinery to his exact orders, with only five
per cent, added upon cost. The cost in a large
establishment like this, with every possible
facility to reduce it, will probably be ten or
fifteen per cent, less than establishments with-
out the proper facilities therefor. Hence, under
this system, each individual builder will be
placed on an equality with these large works,
for it is an undoubted fact that five per cent,
guarantee for perfect manufacture is less than
the pay required for the skill and superintend-
ence in small establishments to produce such
work when it is required in small or limited
quantities.
If the yards and building works under the
provisions of this bill do not secure this
extension of ship-building yards along our
coasts, adapted, as this one is to be, to building
steamers of iron iu perfection, as well as those
of wood, then, sir, do not let us stop, but let
Congress aid in the same manner to establish
proper yards, one in the New England States,
another in the middle States, one iu the
southern States, a second one on another
river of the West, and two upon the lakes.
They would pay the people of the whole coun-
try even if we advanced the entire amount of
money for their erection instead of simply
guarantying the bonds of each, as iu this case,
and holding all the property as security, which
certainly is running little or no risk whatever.
They would pay the people, for they would
save to the whole people the seventy-five or
eighty million dollars which are now annually
taken from them by the freights and passenger
fares paid to foreign steamers; and save more,
their national power.
Mr. President, the creation of an iron-ship
building yard is not the work of a month or a
few months. It will require time, not that
time which it has taken for any one in Eng-
land, for they were of slow growth, feeling
their way as it were in the experiments neces-
sary, not only to test material, but to adapt
machinery of heavy and costly character to
each special demand for its use. Some of the
private yards there have cost the work of
many years, and the expenditure of from five
hundred thousand to two millions sterling.
The public yards there is no estimating the
cost of, for they have been the growth of cen-
turies, but in France we have the data to show
that the works at Cherbourg cost $60,000,000.
The international company's works con-
templated in this bill will have greater practical
facilities for profiting by the experience and
by all the experiments of England; it will
adopt only the best machinery and appliances,
and hence will be capable of turning out more
and better work, because of better material,
than any building-yard of Europe. The bill
providing for it contains a description of the
works, which are to be ample not only for
Government, but for commercial purposes. I
would enter into a minute description here of
these, and of the drawings and plans placed
before the committee, but it would take too
much time.
Briefly I will state that it is to have docks
in which the largest class of vessels are to be
built and floated out, thus guarding against
damage in launching, which, unseen at the
time, is now known to have cost the loss of
ships, cargoes, and lives. It is to have blast
furnaces, rolling-mills, all the large and smill
machinery for every class of work, with the
appurtenances required to take in ores, coals,
and other material, and, as said by the honor-
able Secretary of the Navy, " convert this
material through all its necessary processes
and applications into ships, under one organ-
ized system, single, direct, and harmonious
from the inception, and involving hut one
profit to the producer."
In Great Britain it requires to convert, pio-
iron into the form of angle bar or plate iron
of the exact shape and condition ready to ho
placed in position in the building ship an ex-
penditure of about two hundred and twenty per
cent, upon the cost of pig ; that is, if the value
ot pig iron there is, say fourteen dollars per
ton, the plates and other forms cost forty-live
dollars per ton. With us this expenditure.
