2108
THE CONGKESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
been elected; and also as a basis for a criminal
prosecution against those who had deprived
voters of their rights.
The third section of the act to "enforce the
rights of citizens of the United States to vote in
the several States of this Union, and for other
purposes," approved May 31} reads as follows :
"Art. 3. Whenever, by or under the authority
of the constitution or laws of any State, or the laws of
any Territory, any act is or shall bo required to [bo]
done by any citizen as a prerequisite 10 qualify or
entitle him to vote, the offer ot any such citizen to
perform the act required to be done as aforesaid
shall, if it fail to be carried into execution by rea-
feon of the wrongful act or omission aforesaid of tho
person or officer charged with the duty of receiving or
permitting such performance or offer to perform or
acting thereon, be deemed and held as a performance
inlaw ot such act; and tho person so offering and fail-
ing as aforesaid, and being otherwise qualified, shall
be entitled to vote in tho same manner and to the
same extent as if ho had in fact performed such act;
and any judge, inspector, or other officer of election,
whoso duty it is orshallbo to receive, count, certify,
register, report, or give effect to the vote of any such
citizen who shall wrongfully refuse or omit to re-
ceive, count, certify, register, report, or give effect
to tho vote of such citizen upon tho presentation by
him of his -affidavit, stating such offer and the time
and place thereof, and the name of the officer or
person whoso duty it was to act thereon, and that
he was wrongfully prevented by such person or
officer from performing such act, shall for every
such offense forfeit and pay tho sum of $500 to tho
person aggrieved theroby, to berocoverod by an ac-
tion on the case, with full costs and such allowance
for counsel fees as the court shall deem just, and
shall also for every suoh offense be guilty of a mis-
demeanor, and shall on conviction thereof be fined
not less than $500, or be imprisoned not less than one
month and not inoro than ono year, or both, at tho
discretion of tho court."
Let any one compare this section with the
blank form of the affidavits on pages 528, 531,
532, and he will see that they are strictly in
conformity to this act of Congress. No can-
did man will say that it was unlawful to pro
cure the information contemplated by this
section. And if the parties intending to do a
lawful thing were so unfortunate as to employ
a scoundrel who transcended the lawful per-
formance of his agency and committed a crime,
neither the law nor good morals will hold those
who intended to proceed in a lawful manner
to any accountability whatever. Jt is to be
observed that my election was not alone in-
volved in this contest. Presidential electors,
Governor, all State officers, and members of
the Legislature were ehosmi at the same lime.
And the twenty-third section of the same act
gave a remedy to those who were cheated out
of their election by such frauds as have been
practised in Plaquemine parish. It reads as
follows:
"Art. [23.] Whenever any person shall be de-
feated or deprived of his election to any oflieo,
except elector of president or Vieo PrcMdont, Rep-
resentative ov Delegato in Congrew, or member ot a
State Legislature, by reason of the denial to any
citizen or citizens who shall offer to vote of the right
to vote, on account of race, color, or previous con-
dition of servitude, his right to hold and enjoy such
office and tho emoluments thereof shall not be
impaired by suoh denial; and such person may
bring any appropriate suit or proceeding to recover
possession of such ofiice, and in cases whore it nhall
appear that tho solo question touching the title to
such office arisesoutof thedenialof the right to vote
to citizens who so offered to vote, on account of race,
color, or previous condition of servitude, huch suit
or proceeding may ho instituted in the circuit or
district court of the United States ol the circuit or
district in which such person lesides. Aud said
circuit or district com t shall hav e, cone uirently with
the Statf courts, jiuinfliction thereof, so far as to
determine the rights of the parlies to such otiico by
reason of the denial ol the right guarantied by the
fifteenth article of amendment to tho Constitution
of the United States, and secured by this act."
Proceedings have been had m Louisiana
under this section upon which I need not now
comment. Those proceedings were propoily
a subject of inquiry before the committee of
the Senate. My business is with the witness
who showed himself to be infamous and un-
worthy of credit. Although he h as not been
convicted of the crimen falsi, he lias unblush-
ingly confessed not only to one but to a legion
otforgeries ; to perjury, to counterfeiting cer-
tificates, to having these fal.se names person-
ated, and to almost every form ol the crime
so happily defined by Professor Greenleaf in
his work on evideuce, vol. 1, sec. 373, and
notes. This witness also unblushingly con-
fesses his own corruption and moral degrada-
tion ; hisboldperpetrationof frauds, hisblunt-
ness of moral sense, and such recklessness of
moral character as to brand him either as a
madman, or else so great a knave as to be
unable to discriminate between right and
wrong.
Now it is a rule of evidence that a jury may
disregard the evidence of a witness without
waiting for him to be impeached. He may be
disbelieved if his story is improbable; if it be
contradicted by others, as this witness was in
an essential particular; if he admit his own tur-
pitude; if he show a disregard of his oath, or
by his manner he leaves the impression that
he is unworthy of credit. .
It will be seen that I offered to impeach this
witness upon his general character, but the
Senate committee, for reasons satisfactory to
its members, declined to receive the evidence.
The course of the examination and the crimes
which the members of the committee pointed
out to him showed clearly the estimation of the
Senators in regard to the witness. With this
review of the testimony I leave the perjured
witness to the criminal tribunals of the land,
and may the Lord have mercy upon his soul.
The resolution reported by the committee
was then agreed to.
MESSAGE J?BOM THE SENATE
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Goiuiam,
its Secretary, announced that the Senate were
ready to receive articles of impeachment
against Mark H. Delahay, judge of the United
States district court for the district of Kansas.
ATCHISON, TOP1SKA, AND SANTA 1'E llAILUOAD.
Mr. DUNNELL. I ask consent to report
back from the Committee on the Public Lands,
with amendments, House bill No. 3743, grant-
ing the right of way to tho Atchison, Topeka,
aud Santa 1?6 Railroad Company. As the bill
is now amended, it contains nothing that was
objected to the other day when the bill was
before the liouse.
The SPEAKER. The bill as amended will
be read, after which objections to its consider-
ation at this time will be in order.
The bill, as proposed to be amended, au-
thorizes the Atchison, Topeka, and Santa Fe
Railroad Company, a corporation organized
under the laws of Kansas, to extend its road
trom the west line of the State of Kansas to
Pueblo, in the Territory of Colorado, with the
right to build a branch road' from a point oil
its main line in a southwesterly direction on
the most -practicable route to San Felipe, on
the Rio Grande river, and grants the right of
way through the public lands to said company,
said right of way to extend one hundred feet
in width on each side of the road where it may
pass through the public lands; provided said
corporation shall at all times be subject to the
provisions of the railroad laws of any State or
Teuitory through which it may pass.
Mr. IIOLMAN. As proposed to bo amended
this bill is perhaps unobjectionable.
The amendments were agreed to.
The bill as amended was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time ; and being en-
grossed, it was accordingly read the third time,
and pa^ed.
Mr. DUNNELL moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
OKDEK OF BUSINESS
Mr. POLAND. The Committee for the
District of Columbia unanimously instruct me
to report a substitute for liouse bill No. 3701,
supplemental to an act entitled "An act
to authorize the Washington City aud Point
Lookout Railroad Company"  
Mr. RANDALL. A bill for that purpose
is on the Speaker's table. I object, aud call
for the regular order of business.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will receive
reports from the Committee on Printing, which
is entitled to report at any time.
AGRICULTURAL REPORT FOE 1872.
Mr. PRICE, from the Committee on Print-
ing, reported back the following resolution,
upoit which he called the previous question:
Resolved by the House of Representatives, (the
Senate concurring,) That there be printed, of the
annual report of tbo Commissioner of Agriculture
for 1872, two hundred and fifty-five thousand extra
copies, one hundred and eighty thousand of which
shall be for the use of the House, hfty thousand for
the use of tho Senate, and twenty-five thousand for
distribution by the Commissioner ot Agriculture.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move to add to
the resolution the words "to be sold to every
person desiring the same at the cost of pub-
lication."
The SPEAKER. Pending the call for the
previous question, amendments are not in or-
der unless that call is withdrawn.
Mr. PRICE. I do not withdraw it.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I wish to say, if I
can make gentlemen understand me 
Mr. CONGER. I call for the regular order.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The Post Office
appropriation bill, which has been passed by
both Houses, absolutely prohibits 
Mr. HOAli. I object to debate.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Absolutely prohib-
its any furthercarrying of matter free through
the mails.
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio. Let me ask the
gentleman one question. Does he wish to dis-
criminate against the farmers of the country?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. lam in favor of the
farmers of the country ; but they cannot now
buy these reports if they want them.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the resolution was adopted.
Mr. PRICE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid "on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
GEORGE R. WILSON.
Mr. ARCHER submitted the following
report:
Tho committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on (he bill (S. No. 1108) for
the relief of Georgo R. Wilson, having met, after
full and free conference, have agreed to recommend,
and do recommend, as follows :
That the Senate recede from its disagreement to
tho amendment of the House to this bill, and agree
to the same.
STEVF.NHON ARCHER,
HENRY H. STARKWEATHER,
J. M. GOGHLAN,
Managers on the part of the House.
J. L. ALCORN,
A. H. CRAGIN,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
The report of the committee was agreed to.
Mr. ARCHER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the report was agreed to ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PRINTING Of TESTIMONY.
Mr. PENDLETON, from the Committee
on Printing, reported back the following reso-
lution ; which was read, considered, and
adopted:
Resolved, (the Senate concurring,) That there be
minted ton thousand copies of the report and testi-
mony of tho select, committee to investigate the
iJnion 1 acitic Railroad Company and the Credit
Mohiher, ot which Mr.AVu.soN, of Indiana, is eliair-
K',Stre° thy/and for the use of the House, and
three thousand tor tho use of the Seuate.
INTERNATIONAL PJSNITKNTIAltY CONGRESS.
Mr. PENDLETON reported from the Com-
mittee on Printing a resolution which, with
amendments proposed by the committee, was
read as follows:
Resolved, (the Senate concurring,) That there be
Jionof? n ° 1el'orfc ot the Dni,ed States commits-
t 1 t IS emational ^"f.entiary eoncre^ at
thousand extra comes tor the use of the
House of Representative*, one thousand copies for
