184
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 13,
Mr. HIBBARD. I have no objection to
that with the understanding that we are to be
allowed to hare some opportunity of debate
on the bill.
Mr. KELLOGG. How long would the gen-
tleman desire, five minutes?
Mr. HIBBARD. I should like ten minutes.
Mr. KELLOGG. I will yield the gentle-
man, ten minutes.
The previous question was seconded and
the main question ordered, the question being
upon ordering the bill to be engrossed and
read a third time.
Mr. HIBBARD. If gentlemen of the House
will give me their attention I will state some
of the facts of this case. As a member of the
Committee on Patents I have not felt myself
warranted in giving my support to this bill.
It is a case where letters-patent were granted
in 1851, and extended at the expiration df that
time for seven years. This patent has there-
fore been in operation for a term of twenty-
one years.
It is a patent for a machine for making ves-
sels of brass, mainly brass kettles. By the
old processes brass kettles were made by hand
labor, by battering them, as it was called, or
by the use of a simple machine which was
called stamping them. This invention is for
another machine, and the process is called
" spinning1' the metal.
Now, it appeared in evidence before the
Committee on Patents that the inventor in this
case has received the sum of $37,000 and
upward from the profits for the term of about
twenty years of the life of this patent and
extension ; that he has done nothing except
simply to invent this machine; that he sold
the right of manufacture to other parties ; that
those other parties have conducted the manu-
facture, and paid him royalty to the amount
I have stated for about twenty years and that
for the remaining year they paid him some
two or three thousand dollars more, making
in all about $-10,000 that this inventor has ,
realized for merely inventing this machine, i
He has done nothing toward introducing it
to the public; he has brought his invention
before the public merely by taking out his
letters-patent.
It did not appear before the committee how
much, whether much or little, these manufac-
turers have made out of it; it is doubtless
quite a large sum. It appeared that this was a
very meritorious invention ; it was an ingenious
device for making kettles of brass. But it did
not appear that it had in the least degree re-
duced the price of kettles. On the contrary,
if anything, the price advanced a little under
this machine. It did appear that the kettles
made by this invention were somewhat supe-
rior to those made before. They displaced all
the kettles made by any former processes ;
they drove them from the market. During the
past fifteen or eighteen years no brass kettles
have been made or sold in this country except
those made under this patent. The manufac-
turers under the Hayden patent, for about •
eighteen years, have had an absolute and com-
plete monopoly of this manufacture. They ,
have made all the kettles that were made in
this country during that time. Now, if having
a complete monopoly of this manufacture, hav-
ing displaced all other manufactures as much
as eighteen years ago, these parties have not
made enough to satisfy them, it is my judgment
that the public have now some rights in the
matter. - ;
It is true that in one sense the public have '
not paid anything for this invention, because
they have perhaps got a little better kettle for
only a little increase of price. Bat I under-
take to say that the public have paid a very
large sum more for kettles than they would
have eost if the Hayden invention had been
open to all manufacturers from its commence-
ment, or even from the expiration of the first
fourteen years of the patent. The profits of
the manufacture of these kettles must have
been exceedingly large, so Large that the com-
panies engaged in sucn manufacture have not
seen fit to give the committee any information
at all upon the subject of the extent of their
profits.
They have had a monopoly of this manufac-
ture for the period of some eighteen years. It
appeared in evidence before the committee that
in consequence of the amount of iron in the
bails of the kettles, these kettles could be
manufactured and sold at about the price of
copper per pound ; that the amount of iron
sold at tne price of copper would about com-
pensate for the labor of the manufacture. And
yet the tables which are in evidence In this case
will show that these kettles have been sold in
the market for the last eighteen years at from
fifty to one hundred per cent, more than the
price of copper.
Now, unless the House is prepared to extend
all patents, I undertake to say that this is
one that should not be extended!. I certainly
should be glad to accommodate my friend from
Connecticut [Mr. Kelloog] in this matter if
I did not believe this bill was a mischievous
one, if I did not believe that it would work
injustice to the public who have occasion to
use these wares. It is true that the quantity
of brass kettles manufactured and used in this
country is comparatively small. They are dis-
placed very largely by ironware, and that is
the reason why these parties have not made
even greater profits than they have.
Under all the circumstances, I believe that
this is the weakest case that has been,brought
before Congress during the present.term. As
a member of the Committee on Patents I have
had occasion during the past year to give much
attention to this subject of patents. I believe
that' if there has been a case presented during
this Congress which has no merit, it is this
identical case, and that it would be an injustice
and a wrong to continue this monopoly any
longer.
Mr. KELLOGG. I will detain the Honse
but a very few minutes in answering my ftiend
from New Hampshire [Mr. Hibbard] in re-
gard'to the merits of this case. A majority
of the committee have signed the report; all
the members 6F the committee, with the ex-
ception of two, were satisfied' thtyt the bill as
sent to us from the Senate ought to bepassed;
and I think I can give some reasons Which will
satisfy the House that this should be made an
exception from ordinary cases.
In nineteen cases out of twenty the Commit-
tee on Patents refuse to favor a second exten-
sion of a patent; but there are some cases in
which during the original term of the patent
the profits have to a great extent been absorbed
by the expense of litigation ; and this is such
a case. In the first place, I may remark that
this is an invention which completely revolu-
tionized the manufacture of brass kettles ; it
created a new art. Instead of being an inven-
tion to be sneered at as worth but little, it is
one of the most wonderful inventions ever
made in the processes of working metals. It
consists in what is called spinning metal. A
flat disk of brass is taken, and by means of
Machinery the metal is spun, so that the par-
ticles are changed, while still maintaining their
adherence and force. Before this invention,
kettles were pounded or battered or stamped
by hand—a process so laborious that no man
even in those days could work at this occupa-
tion more than eight hours a day; and even
then the kettles were so made that they would
be thinnest at the bottom and the edges where
the fire came 5 so that two kettles made in this
way would not last any longer than one made
by this new process by spinning.
By this process of spinning metal this in-
ventor, Mr. Hayden, produced kettles of
double thickness at the places where the fire
comes; and according to all the evidence be-
fore the committeej one df these kettles will
out last two of theold kind. In proof of this
I may mention that when this invention had
„Qome. into use kettles manufactured by the
pld pnecess were.driven entirely out of the
market. The evidence also sho ws that' at least
a million ,an4 a half of dollars have been saved
by this .invention on the single article of ket-
tles.
This article of manufacture is comparatively
less used in this country than formerly. This
inventor not only introduced a new art, but
he opened up a new branch of commerce with
some of the European nations and Africa. A
great part of the kettles manufactured under
his invention have been exported. Thus this
invention is helping every day to keep the
balance of trade in our favor.
I am aware that he has received a little more
than $1,500 a year from the invention ; but it
I is an invention which took him year^ to per-
fect. He was a poor mechanic at the outset;
and this paltry sum is a compensation
for so valuable an invention.
Now as to the manufacturers. Ipstqpd of
its being the fact, as my colleague on the com-
mittee [Mr. Hibbard] thinks, that they .have
made enormous profits, the sworn evidence in
the case shows that this matter has been in
litigation from the commencement of the man-
ufacture down to the last year. It was only
last February that a final decision was obtained
before Judge Woodruff establishing the validity
of this patent. Within the last seven years
this company of manufacturers have expended
over thirteen thousand dollars in lawyers' fees
in defending this patent. Not only have their
profits been materially impair ed in this way,
out by reason of competition the number of
kettles sold has been reduced, so that the divi-
dends of one of the companies making them
during the last nine years, inoluding two years
of the war, have been on the average, accord-
ing to the sworn statement of the secretary of
the establishment, less than seven per cent.
Now, in view of the importance of this
invention; in view of the fact that this man
introduced a new art which completely revo-
lutionized this business of manufacturing ket-
tles; in view of the fact that this manufacture
has opened up for us a new branch of com-
merce with foreign nations, and that the in-
ventor has only been able within the last year
to establish the validity of his patent, he is
entitled, it seems to me, to reap the benefits
of a further term of seven years. Nobody
appeared before the committee to oppose it,
not a manufacturer,'nbt a consumer, not a
remonstrance, tfipugh the case has been here
since the beginning of this Congress 
Mr. DAWES. I would like to put an in-
quiry to my friend. He alludes to disastrous
competition. Now, I should like to have him
tell the House from what source that compe-
tition came; and then, if there were any such
competition, why they who were making that
competition did not come here to oppose this
extension 1 How is it, if this has caused such
a revolution, that it has suffered so much from
competition?
Mr. KELLOGG. As far as the competition
is concerned, it was carried 6n by those who
■frere infringing this man's patent. Most of
our stoves and ranges have now everything of
that-kind provided for them to the exclusion
of the ordinary brass kettle. It is an article
manufactured much more for export now than
it was years ago. It is right that this inventor
should have the full value of his invention, as
he has produced an article worth twice the old
one. We submit this should be considered an
exception to ordinary cases, and we ask the
House to extend the terin of the patent. I
demand the previous question.
The previous question wai seconded and the
main question ordered.
The question Was On ordering the bi&to be
engrossed and rtead a third time.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
64, noes 58; no quorum voting.
The SPEAKER appointed Mr. Hibbard
and Mr. Kellogg as tellers.
