1872.
TEE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
185
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 60, noes 64.
So the House refused to order the third
reading of the bill.
The SPEAKER. And the bill is accord-
ingly defeated.
jasies c. cooks.
Mr. KELLOGG, from the Committee on
Patents, reported back a bill (H. K. No. 2997)
for the relief of James C. Cooke; with the
recommendation that it do pass.
The bill, which was read, authorizes the
Commissioner of Patents to hear the applica-
tion of James C. Cooke for an extension of the
patent granted him on the 4th of January,
1859, for an improvement in manufacturing
webbing, and numbered 22528, and to grant
the extension of the patent for seven years
from and after the 4th of January, 1878, in the
same manner and to the same effect as if Cooke
had applied for extension ninety days before
the expiration of the patent.
Mr. MAYNARD. I hope the gentleman
from Connecticut will give as some reason why
we should pass this bill.
Mr. KELLOGG. The reason for this can
be easily given. The difficulty grew out of the
fact of this man having two patents, one ex-
piring January 4,1873, and one expiring April
10; one being for a machine and the other for
a manufacture. He removed from Middleton
to Bridgeport, and in July last he wrote to the
person having charge of the patents to send
him the date, in order that he might make an
application, but the date sent him was the date
of the patent expiring April 10 for the ma-
chine instead of the other date ; and because
of that mistake he failed by a few days to make
his application in season. It is one of those
cases where the patentee has had no exten
sion, and it simply authorizes him to apply to
the Commissioner in the regular form. I think
there can be no objection to it.
Mr. HIBBARD. I am glad to be able to
say that this bill reported here by my friend
from Connecticut is right and proper in every
respect.
Mr. KELLOGG. I do not think there can
be objectioa to it, and I demand the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded and
the main question ordered ; and under the
operation thereof the bill was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and^passed.
Mr. KELLOGG moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
fredbrick w. norcross.
Mr. KELLOGG, from the Committee on
Patents, reported a bill (H. R. No. 3135) for
the relief of Frederick W. Norcross, adminis-
trator of the estate of Nicholas G. Norcross;
which was read a first and second time.
Thebill, which ^rasread, authorizes the Com-
missioner of Patents to hear and determine
the application of Frederick W. Norcross, of
the city, county, and State of New York, ad-
ministrator of the goods and estate of Nicholas
G. Norcross, deceased, for an extension of
letters-patent granted the 22d day of June,
1872, for a new and useful improvement in
planing machines, on evidence in the same
manner and to the same effect as if the appli-
cation had been within the time required by
law ; provided in case such extension be
granted no person shall be held liable for
damages for infringement thereof between the
date of expiration and the extension of the
reissue of suck patent, and provided no person
or persons who shall have engaged in the
manufacture of said patent since the expira-
tion of the letters-patent, and prior to any
renewal thereof by virtue of this act, may con-
tinue the manufacture without any liability
therefor.
Mr. MAYNARD. YfhaX is the reason for
granting this extension ?
j Mr. liELLQGG. I will .give the reason in
, a single word. The patentee died before the
| expiration of the fourteen years. There never
has been au extension in this case. The son
of the patentee, who is the executor, was a
lieutenant in the Massachusetts troops during
the war, and was serving in the war at the time
the patent expired. He had the highest recom-
mendations for his gallantry and bravery. He
got his discharge just six days after the patent
expired. Under the circumstances he could
not make application for a renewal.
Mr. MAYNARD. This, manifestly, from
the statement of the gentleman from Connec-
ticut, is a meritorious case. The gentleman
has given a good and valid reason for the bill;
but I ask why he encumbers,the bill with pro-
visos as to the use of the patent by other
parties, while there are no such provisions in
the other bills which he has presented ?
Mr. KELLOGG. The reason isthat in the
other cases the patent had not expired. In
this case it had, and there may have been
parties who in good faith invested their money
and went into the manufacture since the ex-
piration of the patent.
Mr. MAYNARD. Did not the patent ex-
pire which we have just extended?
Mr. KELLOGG. Certainly not; it does
not expire until next January. I move the
previous question.
The previous question was seconded and
the main question ordered, which was on
! ordering the bill to be engrossed and read a
third time.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third titne, and passed.
Mr. KELLOGG moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
hugh m'cormick.
Mr. L. MYERS, from the game committee,
reported a bill (H. R. No. 3136) for the relief
of Hugh McCormick; which was read a first
and second time.
The question was on ordering the bill to be
engrossed and read a third time.
The bill was read. It authorizes and directs
the Secretary of the Interior to pay Hugh
McCormick, receiving and disbursing clerk for
the Patent Office, out of any moneys belong-
ing to the Patent Office, such sum in addition
to what he has already received since his
appointment as a clerk of the fourth class in
1855, as shall make his entire compensation
during the time he has performed the duties
of receiving and disbursing clerk eqnal to that
of other disbursing clerks in the Department
of the Interior.
The bill Was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. L. MYERS moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
order of business.
Mr. PERCE. I demand the regular order.
I believe the morning hour ha£ expired.
Mr. KELLOGG. I hope the gentleman
will not insist on calling the regular order
until I have reported another bill, which I
believe will not take more than a single min-
ute to dispose of.
Mr. PERCE. I withdraw for the present
the demand for the regular order.
samuel a. bunoan.
Mr. KBI^LOGGt from the Committee on
Patents, reported back, with the recommend-
ation that it do pass, the bill (H. R. No. 1786)
for the relief of Samuel A. Duncan.
The bill was read. It authorizes the Secre-
tary of the Interior to pay to.Samuel A. .Dun-
can, out of moneys heretofore appropriated
for the use of the Patent Office, such sum, in
addition tp what he may already have received
as Assistant Commissioner of Patents, between
the 10th of November, 1870, and the 1st of
February^ 1871, as shall make his entire com-
pensation for the period named equal to the
salary fixed by law for the Commissioner of
Patents.
1 Mr. KELLOGG. I have here a letter from
the Secretary of the Interior recommending
this bill. It is in accordance with the1 usages
1 of the Patent Office. I presume there will be
no objection to the bill.
! Mr. FARNSWORTH. Why cannot the
' money be paid to Mr. Duncan without an act
of Congress?
Mr. KELLOGG. Because the money here-
I tofore appropriated,' tlttd which Would have
( been applicable to this payment, has by law
1 been covered into the Tre&snry. The amount
at issue is only $337 07, -find it is in accord-
' ance with the usage of the Patent Office
when there is an actual vacancy existing ; and
as the Patent Office more than 'pays its way
by many thousands of dollars, the Commis-
' sioner recommends that this act for the pay-
i ment of Mr. Duncan be passed.
I Mr. FARNSWORTH. I am not apt to be
greatly distressed about the payment of money
in such cases as thid. Bat lam not aware,
in regard to other bureaus, that when there is
a vacancy the man acting receives the salary
of the head of the bureau.
Mr. KELLOGG. In the patents bureau that
has always been customary where there has
been an actual Vacancy. The person dis-
charging the duties has always, previous to
this ease, as the records will show, received
the pay. Secretary Delano sends a strong
letter in favor of what is here proposed, and
I hope the gentleman from Illinois ^Mr. Farns-
worth] will withdraw his objection.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I do not object.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. KELLOGG moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
reports to be printed.
Mr. L. MYERS. I move that the reports
accompanying the Marcher and the McCormick
cases be printed.
The motion was agreed to, and it was so
ordered.
order of business.
Mr. PERCE. I move that the.rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union on the Private Calendar; and pend-
ing that motion, I move that all general debate
in Committee of the Whole on the bill to reim-
burse the College of William and Mary be con-
fined to one minute.
Mr. HOLMAN. May I inquire of the Chair
what is the order of business in Committee of
the Whole ?
The SPEAKER. The first bill on the Cal-
endar is that for the relief of the William and
Mary College.
Mr. SHANKS. Will the bill be open for
amendment?
The SPEAKER. It will be. Debate under
the five-minutes rule cannot be cut off.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I hope we shall not
cut off debate on this bill. The debate upon
it last session is forgotten, and I do not Want,
for one, to vote $65,000 ror the relief of this
college without debate.
