1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2109
°* ^eSenate, &ad two thousand for the use
ot the commissioner.
The resolution as amended was adopted.
COAST SUUV1SY REPORT.
Mr. PliiNDiiETON from the Committee on
Printing reported the following resolution ;
which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Bexolvcd by the Senate, (the House of Representa-
tives concurring,) That there be printed thirty-firo
hundred extra copies of the report of the Superin-
tendent of the United States Coast Survey for 1872
of which one thousand shall be for the use of the
♦Senate, fifteen hundred for the use of the Houso,
and one thousand for the use of the Superintendent
oi the Coast Survey.
REPORT ON EDUCATION.
Mr, PRICE, from the Committee on Print-
ing, reported the following resolution ; which
was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved bv the Senate, (the House of Repre-
sentatives concurring.) Thatthere be printed twenty
thousand copiesof the report of the Commissioner of
Education, including the accompanying illustra-
tions, of the relation of the intelligence to wealth:
ten thousand copies for the use of the House, fivo
thousand copies for the use of the Senate, and five
thousand copies for the use of the Bureau of Educa-
tion.
Mr. PENDLETON moved to reconsider
the votes by which the various resolutions
from the Committee on Printing wereadopted;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
JOSEPH L. HAYWOOD.
Mr. SMITH, of New York, submitted the
following conference report:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the bill (H. R. No. 20u9)
for the relief of J oseph L. Haywood and others, hav-
ing met, after lull and free conference have agreed
to recommend to their respective Houses as follows:
That the House recede from their disagreement
to the first amendment of the Senate, and eoneurin
an amendment substituting " twenty" for " thirty;"
and the Senate agrco to the same.
That the Senate recede from their second amend-
ment.
That the House recede from their disagreementto
the third amendment of the Senate, and agree to the
same.
H. BOARDMAN SMITH,
CHARLES FOSTER,
JOHN T. HARRIS,
Managers on the part vf the House.
D. D. PRATT.
W. B. MACIIEN,
T. 0. HOWE,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
■The report was adopted.
ENFORCEMENT OF RIGHTS OF VOTERS.
The House resumed the consideration of
business on the Speaker's table, the next
business being a bill (S. No. 791) to amend an
act entitled 1 'An act to amend an act approved
May 31, 1870, entitled (An act to enforce the
rights of citizens of the United States to vote
in the several States of the Union, and for
other purposes/ "
The bill was partly read.
Mr. POLAND. Mr. Speaker, is not this
substantially the same bill that was passed ai
the close of the last session as an amendment
to an appropriation bill ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not
know. Does the gentleman ask that it be laid
aside ?
Mr. POLAND. I will do so unless some
one particularly desires to have it acted on.
There being no objection, the bill was laid
aside.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Symfson,
one of its clerks, announced that the Senate
had agreed to the report of the committee of
conference on the river and harbor appropria-
tion bill.
LAND TITLES IN WISCONSIN.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the bill (S. No. 1025) to quiet the title to
the lands of the settlers on lands belonging to
the West Wisconsin Railway Company.
The hill was read. It recites in the pre-
amble that, by the neglect of the Commissioner
of the General Land Office to have the lands
withdrawn from market embraced in the grant
of lands from the town of Tomah to the city
of Hudson, in the State of Wisconsin, as soon
as the West Wisconsin Railway Company (to
which company the said grant belongs) had
finally located its road and tiled the map of
such location, a large amount of lands—about
twenty thousand acres—were taken up under
the homestead laws and otherwise entered.
The bill ihprefore provides that if the West
Wisconsin Railway Company shall waive and
release all claims to any lands taken up under
the homestead laws or otherwise entered
after the final location of their road, it shall
be lawful for the company to make up any defi-
ciency in their grant from the vacant odd-
numbered sections from the southeastern part
or portion of the indemnity limits of the grant
for the branch roads from the city of Hudson
to Lake Superior.
Mr. RUSK. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on the Public Lands to ask that this bill
be passed with the following amendments:
Inlineseven, after the word "any," insert "such:"
and after the word "grant," in the same line, insert
not,^ however, to exceed twenty thousand acres."
In line nine insert before the word " grant" the
word former."
Mr. STEVENSON. The object of this bill
is to relieve some settlers who settled upon
these lauds to the extent of about twenty
thousand acres, after the definitive location
of the line and the filing of the same, but he-
fore the lands had been actually withdrawn
from settlement at the local land office.
Under these circumstances the Department
has ruled the land belongs to the railroad
company. The settlers have been occupying
it for years. They have built farms on it, and
on one part, I believe, there is a large village.
I think that if passed as amended, it will be
really for the peace and quiet of the settlers,
and not for the profit of the railroad company.
Mr. HOLMAN. Is it not admitted patents
have been issued for .those, lands to the set-
tlers.
Mr. STEVENSON, It is, and thereby the
Commissioner has done all he can. The fol-
lowing letters will give the fullest information
in reference to this whole subject;
Department of the Interior,
General Land Office, Apt il 2, J872.
Sir : In reply to your letter of 29th ultimo and 1st
instant, I have the honor to state:
1. That, as far as can be ascertained by the limited
examination we have made, theie were about
thirteen thousand five hundred acres of land in odd
numbered sections, entered by locations, and under
the homestead laws, between the time of fixing the
fl'iqr-stoffs showing the defioito location of tho West
Wisconsin raiiroad on tho face of the earth and the
date of the receipt by the district land officers of the
order of withdrawal of the lands for said road as
granted under tho acl of 5th May, 1864.
2. The maps filed indicate the survey and staking
of the line ot road to have been be'ween September
and December, 1864; to have been certified to by the
company May 39, lb65. and by the acting Governor
of the State, June 6,1865, and transmitted to this
office. The receipt of the map was acknowledged
under date of June 14, 1865, with the statement that
it "has been accepted as the basis of adjustment, and
will be laid down on the township plats of this
office."
The withdrawal of the lands, however, was not
ordered until Februarys, 1866. Thecause for delay-
ing the withdrawal aftor the acceptance of the map
is not indicated by our records, and I know of no
reason therefor.
3. The offering of the lands within the lin its of tho
giant extended as far back as 1851, and have been
made from time to time since that date; princi-
pally, however, in that year and in 1853, more than
eleven years before the grant of 1861.
4. The terms of the grant seem to indicate the
right of the road, as attaching from the date of the
definite location of the line of route ; that is, wh.m
the line is definitely fixed and accepted by the com-
pany or Governor.
I am, sir, very respectfully,
W. W. CURTIS,
Acting L'oininU ioi\er.
Hon. Matthew Carpenter, United States Senate.
Department op the Interior,
General Land Office,
Washington, X). C., January 2, 1S73.
Sir: I have the honor to return herewith Senate
bill No. 1025 " To quiet tho title to the lands oi the
settlers on lands belonging to the West Wisconsin
railway company," and report as fallows: The
grant lor tho Tomah and St. Croix, now West Wis-
consin railroad by act of May 5, 1804, was of cer-
tain odd hections not otherwise disposed of at tho
date of definite location of the road. This line of
road was fixed on the earth by the engineer of the
company between the 14th of September and the
oth of December, 1864, and was adopted by the com-
pany through a resolution of its board ot directors
March 23, 1805, from which at the latest the road
became definitely located. The map of definite loca-
tion was filed in this office in Juno, 1805, bat the
then commissioner did not order a withdrawal of
the lands until February, 1866, the withdrawal hav-
ing reached the district land officers about the 17th
or that month, In the mean time, that is from date
?o/ 4 location in March, 1865, to February,
loGo, nearly a year* the lands were held open to
homestead, preemption and private entry, and a
quantity approximating twenty thousand acres was
disposed of. The company subsequently presented
a claim for these lands, but the Commissioner re-
jected the fejiue on the ground that their right did
not attach until he had withdrawn the land, and
the lands disposed of were passed into patent.
Ihe total deficiency in tho grant is about one hun-
dred# and forty-five thousand acres, that is, after
obtaining all the vacant lands in the odd sections in
both the granted and the indemnity limits, the com-
pany will bo that amount short of the quantity Con-
gress intended them to receive.
Tho deficiency lands within the indemnity limits
of the St. Croix and Lake Superior railroad grant
is more than sufficient to make up ttio losses of that
road ; hence, should said grant be divided, the bill
for the benefit ot tho West Wisconsin road would,
m no wise, interfere with that grant.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
W. W. CURTIS.
Acting Commissioner.
Hon. J. H. Ketcham, House of Representatives.
Department op the Interior,
General Lani> Office,
Washington, D. 0., February 28,1873.
Sir : I am in receipt, by reference from your com-
mittee of this date, of Senate bill No. 1025, "To
quiet the title to the lands of the settlers on lands
belonging to the Wost Wisconsin Railway Com-
pany.''
In my report to you of January 2, I stated the
total deficiency ot the lands intended to be granted
said company as about one hundred and forty-five
thousand acres. I nave since ascertained that up-
ward of thirty-four thousand five hundred acres
have been selected and found to inure to the com-
pany by virtue of priority over the St. Croix and
Lake Superior Company, which, deducted from th£
one hundred and forty-five thousand acres, will
reduce the deficiency to less than one hundred and
ten thousand five hundred acres.
1 find further, that by an adjustment of the grant
of the St. Croix and Lake Superior Company, about
thirty-two thousand acres have been certified to the
State for its benefit, which lands the Wost Wisconsin
Company have claimed, but which this office de-
clined to list for certification on account of the prior
certification for the St. Croix and Lake Superior
Company. By letter of Deeembei 19,1872, the dis-
trict office was advised of such refusal.
Should the State pass the title to the West Wis-
consin Company, or should the question be decided
in its favor by tho Department, (the tune for appeal
not being reported as having expired,) the deficiency
will be further reduced by this item to about sev-
enty-eight thousand five hundred acres.
I find nothing further to add to my former report
and to the communication addressed this morninf?
to Messrs. Rusk and Stevenson of your committee,
to which I again have the honor of referring you.
I return the bill herewith.
Very respectfully,
WILLIS DRUMMOND,
Commissioner.
Hon. J. II. Ketch am, Chairman Committee on the
Public Lands, Hou-ie of Hepreveiitutives.
Department of the Interior,
General Land Office,
Washington, D. C., February 28,1873.
Gentlemen: I have the honor to acknowledge the
receipt of your joint letter of this morning respect-
ing Senate bill No. 1025, to quiet title to lands of the
settlers on lands belonging to the West Wisconsin
Railroad Company.
You ask "whether the settlers on the lands claimed
by said company, .ifter tho definite location of the
hue of load and the actual withdrawal of the lands
by the local land office, can hold said lands against
the claims of the company?"
As you state the question, it is clearly manifost
that no settlement right could attach after actual
withdrawal of the lands.
It is presumed, however, that you intended to ask
the ruling of tho Department upon tho rightsof set-
tlers after definite location and prior to actual with-
drawal.
I understand the ruling to be, that the legal right
is in the company, although patents have issued to
the settlers, which patents this office has declined to
disturb, preferring to leave the question for judicial
determination, should the contesting parties deem
it expedient to report to the courts U>r tettlemont.
I have the further honor to refer you to my report
of second ultimo to Hon. J. H. Kejchaic, chairman
