1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1151
Mr. EDMUNDS. It is quite essential to
the public interests in one State that we should
have a short executive session. I move, there-
fore, that the Senate proceed to the consider-
ation of executive business.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I ask my
colleague to withdraw that motion for a mo-
ment. There was a bill that I entered a
motion to reconsider on for the purpose of
proposing an amendment. That amendment
has been examined by the Senator having the
bill in charge and it is entirely satisfactory,
and I therefore ask to have the bill in relation
to the Vienna exposition reconsidered and this
amendment adopted.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I withdraw my motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Vermont asks unanimous consent, pend-
ing the consideration of the Alabama claims
bill, to call up the motion to reconsider the
vote on the amendments of the House to the
Senate amendments to the joint resolution
(H. R. No. 170) to enable the people of the
United States to participate in the advantages
of the international exposition to be held at
Vienna in 1873, and to offer an amendment,
if there is no objection.
Mr. SCHURZ. On my motion the non-
concurrence in the amendments of the House
was reconsidered and the amendments of the
House were concurred in.
The VICE PRESIDENT. And then the
Senate having agreed to the amendments of
the House, the Senator from Vermont moved
to reconsider the previous vote, as appears
from the record.
Mr. CONKLING. That is the vote by
which the bill passed.
Mr. EDMUNDS. No, we concurred in
the amendments. That was the last vote.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I may say
that this amendment is entirely satisfactory to
the Secretary of State.
The VICE PRESIDENT. By unanimous
consent an amendment can be offered. The
Secretary will report the amendment.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment pro-
posed by Mr. Morrill, of Vermont, which
was to add to the jointresolution the following:
Provided. That not more than $50,000 shall be
expended for salaries and expenses of the persons
receiving appointments to places authorized iu this
resolution, and not more than $5,000 shall be paid
for salary and expenses of any one person.
The amendment was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on concurring in the House amend-
ments as thus amended.
The amendments of the House as amended
were concurred in.
knrollbd bills signed.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the Speaker of the House had signed the
following enrolled bills ; and they were there-
upon signed by the Vice President:
A bill (S. No. 1441) making an appropria-
tion to defray the expenses of the investiga-
tions in regard to the elections in Kansas,
Louisiana, and Arkansas;
A bill (H. R. No. 333) for the relief of Mrs.
M. S. Morse, administratrix and widow of
Isaac B. Morse, deceased;
A bill (H. R. No. 3722) to remove the dis-
abilities of A. B. Hardeastle, of Mississippi;
A bill (H. R. No. 2880) for a public build-
ing at Altanta, Georgia;
A bill (H. R. No. 3010) to authorize the
construction of eight steam vessels of war, and
for other purposes; and
A bill (H. R. No. 3355) to remove the dis-
abilities of William A. Graham, a citizen of
North Carolina.
the geneva award.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill (S. No.
120^) creating a commission to adjust the
compensation of the several claimants for
damages and for depredations by rebel cruis-
ers, to be discharged out of the indemnity
fund awarded by the tribunal of arbitration at
Geneva to be paid by Great Britain to the
United States, is before the Senate as in Com-
mittee of the Whole.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I renew the motion to pro-
ceed to the consideration of executive business.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of executive
business. _ After three minutes spent in exec-
utive session the doors were reopened, and
(at four o'clock and fort.y-three minutes p. m.)
the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, February 6, 1873.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
relief of sufferers by fire in boston.
Mr. DAWES. I will make one more appeal
to the House to permit me to bring before the
House for its action at this time the Boston
relief bill.
Mr. HALE. The chairman of the Com-
mittee on Appropriations [Mr. Garfield] is
not present. I do not feel willing to consent
that this bill shall be taken up unless there is
some arrangement made about the time.
Mr. DAWES. So far as I am concerned
the briefest time possible will answer.
robert m. t. iiunter.
Mr. CRITCHER. I ask unanimous con-
sent to introduce for consideration at this
time a bill to remove disabilities imposed by
the fourteenth amendment of the Constitution
of the United States from Robert M. T. Hun-
ter, of Virginia. I have a petition here which
I ask the Clerk to read.
The Clerk read as follows :
1 respecfully request the Congress of the United
States to remove the disabilities imposed on me by
the third section of the fourteenth amendment of
the Constitution of the United States.
It. M. T. HUNTER.
Januaby, 1872.
No objection was made; and the bill (H. R.
No. 3844) was received, read three times, and
passed, two thirds voting in favor thereof
Mr. CRITCHER moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
public building at atlanta, georgia.
Mr. YOUNG. I ask unanimous consent
to have taken from the Speaker's table and
concurred in the amendment of the Senate to
House bill No. 2880, for a public building at
Atlanta, Georgia.
The SPEAKER. The amendment will be
read, after which objection to its present con-
sideration will be in order.
The amendment was read. It was to strike
out all after the enacting clause, and to insert
in lieu thereof the following :
That the Secretary of the Treasury be, and he is
hereby, authorized and directed to cause to bo con-
structed a suitable brick building, with a fire-proof
vault extending to each story, at Atlanta, Georgia,
for the accommodation of the United States circuit
and district courts, post office, and other Govern-
ment offices: and tno sum of $110,000 is hereby ap-
propriated for the purpose aforesaid, out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated;
and the Secretary of the Treasury shall cause proper
plans and estimates to be made, so that no expendi-
tures shall bo mado or authorized for the full com-
pletion of said building beyond the suui herein
appropriated: Provided, That no money hereby
appropriated shall be used or expended until the
valid title to the land for a site, independent and
unexposed to danger from fire in kdjncent buildings,
whiehitis understood the city of Atlanta is ready
to donate for this purpose, shall be vested in the
United States, nor until the State of Georgia shall
cede its jurisdiction over the same, and also duly
releaso and relinquish to the United States the right
to tax or in any way assess said site, or the property
of the United States that may be thereon, during
the time that tho United Shall shall be or remain
the owner thereof.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection
this amendment will be concurred in.
Mr. HOAR. I desire to move an amend-
ment to the amendment. In the clause pro-
viding that the State shall cede its jurisdic-
tion'' I move to amend by striking out the
word " its," and inserting in lieu thereof
"concurrent." I wish to say one word in
support of this amendment. During late years
there has grown up a practice (which I am
told is recognized by general statute, though
I have been unable to find the statute) of
requiring in all cases where post office and
court buildings are erected by the United
States that the State in which the buildings
are located shall cede to the United States
in those districts exclusive jurisdiction. The
effect of this is that there is cut out of the
territory of the State (just as the District of
Columbia was cut out from Maryland and Vir-
ginia) a little place where the criminal laws
of the State are not in force, where pickpockets,
&c., cannot be arrested by the State or city or
town authorities, and where even the marriage
laws of the State do not operate. These local-
ities are in fact places of refuge from all State
process.
Now, in the case of a navy-yard or arsenal,
where a military guard is always kept at the
gate and where military authority is constantly
exercised, there may be no difficulty ; but I
call the attention of gentlemen who pride
themselves on their devotion to State rights
to the impropriety of cutting out little pieces
of State territory under these provisions.
There is no reason why the State should not
have concurrent jurisdiction with the United
States upon territory occupied by post office
or United States court buildings. The occu-
pancy of the ground by the United States for
governmental purposes secures its exemption
from State taxation and from all State control
which can interfere with the authority exer-
cised by the Government of the United States.
Mr. MAYNARD. I suggest to the gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mr. Hoar] that it is
hardly worth while to incorporate the amend-
ment in this particular bill. Let the general
law be amended so as to apply alike in all
cases.
Mr. HOAR. I desire that the State shall
have concurrent jurisdiction with the United
States in these places.
Mr. CONGER. The United States have
now concurrent jurisdiction with the State in
all parts of the State. Hence there is no
need of inserting a provision for concurrent
jurisdiction, as it will give the United States
no additional power.
Mr. YOUNG. I ask the gentleman from
Massachusetts to withdraw his amendment.
Its adoption would necessitate the sending of
this bill back to the Senate.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ten-
nessee [Mr. Maynard] suggests an amend-
ment to the general law.
Mr. YQUNG. I think that would be better.
Mr. MAYNARD. Let the law be alike
everywhere.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection togiv-
ing the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Hoar] unanimous consent to introduce a
general bill on this subject?
Mr. KERR. I object.
Mr. YOUNG. I ask a vote on the amend-
ment of the Senate.
The SPEAKER. The amendment of the
gentleman from Massachusetts is pending. It
proposes that the jurisdiction of the United
States in the territory ceded shall be con-
current with that of the State, instead of ex-
clusive in the United States.
The question being taken on the amend-
ment of Mr. Hoar, there were—ayes 45, noes
05; no auorum voting.
Mr. HOAR. I withdraw my amendment.
The amendment of the Senate was con-
eurrred in.
Mr. YOUNG moved to reconsider the vote
