2112
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March o.
in any case than fifty feet above high-water
mark, as understood at the point of location,
to the bottom chord of the bridge, nor shall
the spans of said bridge be less ttiau one hun-
dred and fifty feet in length, and the piers of
said bridge shall be parallel with the current
of the river, and the main span shall be over
the main channel of the river, and not less
than one hundred and eighty feet in lengtli;
and it is also provided that if said bridge shall
be built as a draw-bridge the same shall be
constructed as a pivot draw bridge, with a
draw over the main channel of the river at an
accessible and navigable point, and with spans
of not less than one hundred and sixty feet on
cither side of the .pivot-pier; and said spans
shall not be less than thirty l'eet above low-
water mark, and not less than ten feet above
extreme high-water mark, measuring to the
bottom chord of the bridge; and the piers of
said bridge shall be parallel to the current of
the river ; and it is further provided that said
drp,w shall be opened promptly, upon reason-
able notice or signal, for the passage of boats,
and in no case shall unnecessary delay occur
in opening the said draw during or after «the
passage of trains.
The third section provides that said bridge,
when constructed under this act, shall be a
lawful structure, and shall be recognized and
known as a post route, and 110 higuer charge
shall be made for the transmission over the
same of the mails, troops, and munitions of
war of the United States than the rate per
mile paid for their transportation over the
railroads of public highways leading to said
bridge.
The fourth section provides that all railway
companies desiring to use the said bridge shall
have and be entitled to equal rights and priv-
ileges in the passage of the same, and in the
use of the machinery and fixtures thereof, and
of all the approaches thereto, under and upon
such terms and conditions as shall be pre-
scribed by the Secretary of War, upon bear-
ing the allegations and proofs of the parties in
case they shall not agree.
The fifth section provides that the structure
herein authorized shall be built under and
subject to such regulations for the security of
the navigation of said river and lake as the
Secretary of War shall prescribe, and the said
structure shall be at alt times so kept and
managed as to offer reasonable and proper
means for the passage of vessels througli and
under said structure; and the said structure
shall be changed at the cost and expense ot
the owners thereof, from tune to time, as
Congress may direct, so as to preserve the
free and convenient navigation of said river;
and the authority to erect and continue said
bridge shall be subject to revocation by law
whenever the public good shall, in the judg-
ment of Congress, so require.
The sixth section provides that the right to
alter or amend this act, to prevent or remove
all material obstructions to the navigation of
said river by the construction of said bridge,
is hereby expressly reserved.
Mr. NEGLEY. That bill was notexamined
by the committee of .conference.
Mr. SNYDER. That bill has been care-
fully examined and I hope it will be passed.
Mr. BOLES. I. move that it be put 011 its
passage.
The bill was ordered to be read a third time;
and itwas accordingly read the third time, and
Mr. BOLES moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
WASHINGTON MONUMENT.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Arizona, by unani-
mous consent, was granted leave to print in
the Globe some remarks on the Washington
monument. [See Appendix.]
MALINDA CLIFFORD
On motion of Mr. HIBBARD, by unani-
mous consent, leave was granted for the with-
drawal from the files of the House of the
papers relative to application of Malinda Clif-
ford for a pension.
GEORGE GRAHAM AND HENItY 0. MILLS.
On motion of Mr. ROGERS, of New York,
by unanimous consent, leave was granted for
the withdrawal from the files of the House of
the papers in the cases of George Graham and
Henry C. Mills.
.TAMES A. CAMM0N.
On motion of Mr. PECK, by unanimous
consent, leave was granted for the withdrawal
from the files of the House of the papers in
the case of James A. Cammon.
IDA H. M'DONALD.
On motion of Mr. GARRETT, by unani-
mous consent, leave was granted for the with-
drawal from the files of the House of the
papers in the case of Ada H. McDonald.
MRS. SARAH JONES.
On motion of Mr. VAUGHAN, by unani-
mous consent, leave was granted for the with-
drawal from the files of the House of the
papers in the case of Mrs. Sarah Jones, of
Memphis, Tennessee.
GI30RGJB C BESTOR.
On motion of Mr. GARFIELDE, of Wash-
ington, by uuanimous consent, leave was
granted for the withdrawal from the files of
the House of the papers in the case of George
C. Bestor.
MRS REBECCA TAYLOR.
On motion of Mr. TOWNSEND, of Penn-
sylvania, by unanimous consent, leave was
granted for the withdrawal from the files of
the House of the papers in the'case of Mrs.
Rebecca Taylor, mother of Colonel Frederick
Taylor, asking for a pension.
DAVID HEUSTIS
On motion of Mr. COGHLAN, by unani-
mous consent, leave was granted for the with-
drawal from the files of the House of the
papers 111 the case of David Heustis.
w. 1:. LEWIS.
On motion of Mr. BUCKLEY, by unani-
mous consent, leave was granted for the with-
drawal from the files of the House of the
papers in the case of W. B. Lewis.
II. C. VAN LEN0AN.
On motion of Mr. DONNAN, by unani-
mous consent, leave was granted for the with-
drawal from the files of the House of the
papers in the case of H. C. Van Lenoan.
JOHN BOGOSKIE.
On motion of Mr. GOLLADAY, by unani-
mous cousent, leave was granted for the with-
drawal from the tiles of the House of the
papers in the case of John Bogoskie.
W. L. NANCE
On motion of Mr. WHITTHORNE, by
unanimous consent, leave was granted for the
withdrawal from the files of the House of the
papers in the case of W. L. Nance.
samuel adams wiiuat.
On motion of Mr. POSTER, of Pennsyl-
vania, by unanimous consent, leave was
granted tor the withdrawal from the files of
the House of the papers in the case of Samuel
Adams Wheat,
thomas a. elliott.
Oil motion of Mr. FOSTER, of Pennsyl-
vania, also by unanimous consent, leave was
granted for the withdrawal from the files of
the House of the papers in the case of Thomas
A. Elliott.
JOHN EITEL.
On motion of Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri, bv
unanimous consent, leave was giantod for the
withdrawal from the files of the House of the
papers in the case of John Eitel.
FREDERICK SMITH.
On motion of Mr. BARNUM, by unanimous
consent, leave was granted for the withdrawal
of the papers in the case of Frederick Smith,
including a mutilated coupon bond.
ROBERT COIDBY.
On motion of Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri, by
unanimous consent, leave was granted for the
withdrawal from the files of the House of the
papers in the case of Robert Coidey, of Lucas
county, Iowa.
SARAH DUKES AND CAUDACE M'MILLAN.
On motion of Mr. VAUGHAN, by unani-
mous consent, leave was granted for the with-
drawal from the files of the House of the papers
in the cases of Sarah Dukes and Caudace
McMillan.
COMMODORE S. B. BISSELL. .
On motion of Mr. SCOFIELD, by unani-
mous consent, leave was granted for the with-
drawal from the files of the 'House of the
memorial and papers in the case of Commo-
dore S. B. Bissell.
samuel adams.
On motion of Mr. HOLMAN, by unanimous
consent, leave was granted for the withdrawal
from the files of the House of the papers in
the case of Samuel Adams.
ELIZABETH THOMAS AND PETER G. SMITH, ETC.
On motion of Mr. GARRETT, by unanimous
consent, leave was granted for the withdrawal
from the files of the House of the papers in
the cases of Elizabeth Thomas, Peter Garraan
Smith, S. Gilbert, and Harriet Seatter.
CIIAUNCEY M. L0CKW00D.
On motion of Mr. HARRIS, of Virginia,
by unanimous consent, leave was granted for
the withdrawal from the files of the House of
the papers in the case of Chauncey M. Lock-
wood.
BAKRY M'FALL AND JDDD.
On motion of Mr. PARKER, of Missouri,
by unanimous consent, leave was granted for
the withdrawal from the files of the House of
the papers in the case of Barry McFall and
Judd.
m. kalbfleisch's sons.
On motion of Mr. WILLARD, by unani-
mous consent, leave was granted for the with-
drawal from the files of the House of the
papers in the case of M. Kalbfleisch's Sons.
•toiin iieddingior.
On motion of Mr. PECK, by unanimous
consent, leave was granted for the with-
drawal from the files of the House of the
papers in the case of John Heddinger.
N. J. BIG LEY AND W. II. DKNNISTON.
On motion of Mr. NEGLEY, by unanimous
consent, leave was granted for the withdrawal
from the files of the House of the papers in
the cases of N. J. Bigley and W. H. Denniston.
PARDON WORSLEY.
On motion of Mr. SESSIONS, by unanimous
consent, leave was granted for the withdrawal
from the files of the House of the papers in
the case of Pardon Worsley.
ANDREW E. M'lvIMMEL.
O11 motion of Mr. LOWE, by unanimous
consent, leave was granted for the withdrawal
from the files of the House of the papers in the
case of Andrew E. McKimmel.
RICHARD DILLON.
Ou motion of Mr. COBB, by unanimous con-
sent, leave was granted for the withdrawal from
the files of the House of the papers in the case
of Richard Dillon.
MALINDA SI!A AND OTHERS.
On motion of Mr. McKEE, by unanimous
consent, leave was granted for the withdrawal
