188
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 13,
Mitchell. Morey, Morphia, Leonard Myers, Negley,
llosea W. Parker, Perry. Peters. Potter. Prindle,
Kainey. Edward V. Rice. Ritchie, Roosevelt, Seeley,
Sheldon, Sloi-um, Worthington C. Smith, Snyder,
Stevens, Sutherland. Syphor, Dwight Townsend,
luthill. Yaughan, Voorhees, Walls, Williams of
New York, John X. Wilson, and Young—75.
So the amendment was adopted.
The question recurred on ordering the bill
;is amended to be engrossed and read a third
time.
l'he House divided; and there were—ayes
"it!, noes ',<8.
Mr. PERCE demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 36, nays 127, not voting
78 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Banks. Barber, Barry, Bingham,
Boles. Burdett, Roderick R. Butler. Cobb, Crocker,
.Esty, Farwell, W ilder D. i'oster. Griffith, Harmer,
licorge E. Harris, liill, Hoar, Keller, Maynard,
MolJrew, Morey, Morphis, Leonard Myers. Perce,
Piatt, Porter. Sargent, Sheldon, Snapp, Stevenson,
Stowell, St. John, Sypher, Turner, Twiohell, and
W all ace—36.
NATS—Messrs. Adams, Ambler, Archer, Arthur,
Barnum, Beatty, Erasmus W. Beck, James B. Beok,
Bell, Beveridge, Biggs, Austin Blair, James G.Blair,
Braxton, Bright, Buffinton, Burchard, Carroll, Co-
burn. Comingo, Conger. Conner. Cotton, Cox, Cross-
land, Davis, Dawes, Dickey, Donnan, Dox, Duell,
Duke, Bunnell, Eames, Eldredge, Farnsworth,
Finkelnburg, Charles Foster, Garfield, Gets, Gid-
dings. Hale, Handley, Hanks, Harper, Havens,
John B. Hawley, Joseph R. Hawley, Hay, Gerry
W. Ilatelton, John W. Hazelton, Hereford, Hern-
don, Hibbard, Holman, Houghton, Kerr, Ketcham,
King, Lamport, Lansing. Leach, Lowe, Lynch,
Manson, Marshall, McClelland, McCormiek, Mc-
Crary, Mcllenry, Mclntyre, McJunkin, McKinney,
Merriam, Merrick, Benjamin F. Meyers, Monroe,
Moore, Morgan. Negley. Niblaek, Orr, Packard,
Packer, Hosea W. Parker, Isaac C. Parker, Peck,
Perry, Poland, Price, Randall, Read, John M.Rioe,
Ellis H. Roberts, Robinson, Sawyer, Scofield, Shel-
labarger, Sherwood, Shoemaker, Slater, Sloss, H.
Boardman Smith, Speer, Sprague, Starkweather,
Storm, StouKhton, Swann, Talfe, Terry, Tyner,
Upson, Van Trump. Waddell, Wakeman, Walden,
Waldron, Warren, Wells, Wheeler, Whiteley, Whit-
thorne, Willard, Jeremiah M. Wilson, Winchester,
and Wood—127.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Acker. Ames, Averill,
Bigby, Bird, Boarman. Brooks. Buckley, Benjamin
F. Butler, Caldwell, Campbell, Clarke, Coahlan,
Crebs, Creely, Critcher, Darrall, De Large, Dodds,
DuBose, Elliott. Ely, Forker, Henry D. Foster,
Frye, Garrett, Gollaaay, Goodrich, Haldeman, Hal-
M-y, Hambleton, Hancock, John T. Harris, Hays,
Hooper, Kellogg, Kendall, Killinger, Kinsella,
Lamison, Lewis, McKee, McXeeb". Mitchell, Pal-
mer, Pendleton, Peters, Potter, Prindle, Rainey,
Edward Y. Rice, Ritchie, William R. Roberts, John
Rogers, Sion H. Rogers, Roosevelt, Rusk, Seeley,
Sessions, Shanks, Shober, Slocum, John A. Smith,
Worthington C. Smith. Snyder. Stevens, Suther-
land, Thomas, Dwight Townsend, Washington
Townsend, Tuthill, Vanghan, Voorhees, Walls,
Williams of Indiana, Williams of New York, John
T. Wilson, and Young—78.
So the bill was rejected,
Mr. AMBLER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was rejected ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ORDER OF BDSIN£8S.
Mr. PERCE. I move that the House now
resolve itself into Committee of the Whole on
the Private Calendar.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I desire to
move that the House resolve into Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union upon
the deficiency bill.
Mr. MAYNARD. Before either motion is
acted upon I desire to preseint a privileged
question as to the proceedings of to-morrow.
There are several gentlemen who desire to
make speeches, and I ask unanimous aongent
that the session of to-morrow be for debate
only as in Committeeof the Whole on tie state
of the Union.
Mr. DICKEY. I move that when the
House adjourns to-day, it adjourn to meet on
Monday next.
The SPEAKER. The request of the gen-
tleman from Tennessee [Mr. Maynard] re-
quires unanimous consent.
Mr. DICKEY. I will withdraw my mo-
tion.
Mr. RANDALL. I renew it.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to the
session of to-morrow, being for debate only?
Mr. RANDALL. My motion is that the
House adjourn over to-morrow.
The question was put on Mr. Randall's
motion; and there were—ayes 78, noes 53.
So the motion was agreed to.
Mr. RANDALL moved to reconsider the
vote by which the motion was adopted ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. MAYNARD. Is it in order now, after
the vote which has been taken, to renew the
request that the House meet to-morrow as in
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, no business whatever to be transacted?
The SPEAKER. It is in order. Is there
objection to modifying the order of the House
so that there shall be a session of the House
to-morrow as in Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, no business to be
transacted ?
Mr. RANDALL. I will make no further
objection.
No objection being made, the order sug-
gested by Mr. Maynard was agreed to.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I now move
that the House resolve itself into Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union on the
deficiency bill.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. I move to go
1 into Committee of the Whole on the Private
Calendar.
Mr. DAWES. I would like the House to
give me fifteen minutes to dispose of the
amendments of the Senate to the internal reve-
nue bill. I propose to dispose of them sum-
marily, if the House will give me fifteen
minutes.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I simply desire
to say that the deficiency bill is one which
involves some points of general interest.
Mr. PERCE. I think the Private Calendar
ought to be cleared, and I therefore insist on
my motion to go into Committee of the Whole
on the Private Calendar.
Mr. DAWES. I hope before the gentle-
man insists upon that motion he will let me
have the fifteen minutes I ask for to dispose
of the internal revenue bill.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I desire to in-
quire if there is any desire to postpone action
upon the deficiency bill ? Some gentlemen have
intimated that they would like some delay.
Mr. W. R. ROBERTS. My colleague from
the city of New York [Mr. Roosevelt] has
telegraphed to me requesting me, if possible,
j to postpone action upon that bill, which in-
volves matters connected with the District of
j Columbia, for one week. He is now quite ill
in the city of New York and we all know that he
has given great attention to these questions
j connected with the District of Columbia.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I cannot con-
i sent to postpone the bill for a week, but I am
willing that it should be postponed until Mon-
day, and I will not, therefore, insist upon my
motion now.
INTERNAL REVENUE OFFICERS.
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman from Missis-
sippi [Mr. Perce] now permits me to -call
up the amendments of the Senate to the bill
(H. R. No. 2994) for the reduction of officers
and expenses of the internal revenue, and I ask
for action upon those amendments.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Let them be con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
The SPEAKER. The bill has already been
considered there.
Mr. DAWES. I do not think there is any
necessity of that,
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I want a little time,
and I ask that the amendments be considered
as in Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union under the five-minutes rule.
Mr. DAWES. I desire to say to the House
that all of the amendments of the Senate
excepting one are mere matters of phrase-
ology and do not change at all the force of
the bill. I would like to have the House
concur in all the amendments of the Senate
excepting one, upon which I shall ask the
sense of the House. That amendment is the
one by which the Senate propose to add twenty-
five Treasury agents for one year. So far as
those of the Committee of Ways and Means
who have looked into the matter have been
able to discover, all the rest "of the amend-
ments will work no sort of change in meaning,
only in phraseology.
Mr. KERR. A question. Does not the
Senate amendment authorize the appointment
of the additional twenty-five officers for one
and a half years, instead of one year?
Mr. DAWES. That may be. I propose,
if the House is willing to concur in the verbal
amendments, to bring that up for discussion.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I desire to say a
word or two upon this bill, and perhaps I may
as well do so on all the amendments as upon
any one of them. While I am of course
opposed to any increase of the number of
Treasury agents, I am also opposed to the
whole bill.
I desire to call the attention of the House to
the legislation which has already been had
upon this subject of reducing the officers of
the internal revenue. Three years ago Con-
gress passed an act authorizing the President
to consolidate these revenue districts in his
discretion, thus indicating to the President and
the Secretary of the Treasury that it was the
Opinion of Congress that the revenue districts
ought to be consolidated and the number of
them reduced. Perhaps some districts have
been consolidated ; I do not know how that is.
I have heard it said that some six or eight, or
perhaps ten, have been ; that there has been a
reduction of that number of districts. I know
of none; there are none in my State.
Now, while there are thirteen of these dis-
tricts in my State, I am well aware that all the
business of those districts might be as well
performed in three or at most in five districts.
In my opinion there is no sort of necessity for
more than three districts and three sets of
officers in the State of Illinois.
I remember that when that act was passed
tfec Commissioner of Internal Revenue com-
menced to take some steps for consolidating
these districts, and members of Congress were
consulted as to what officers shonld be kept in
and what turned out. It was finally determ-
ined at the Treasury Department to post-
pone the matte? until after the then pend-
ing election, but with the understanding that
as soon as that election was over they would
put in force the authority given them under
the act to consolidate these districts. Noth-
ing was done. At the last session of Con-
gress we passed an act in which we provided—
"That prior to the 1st day of January, 1873, it
shall be the duty of the President, afld he is hereby
authorized and directed/ tftreduce thp internal rev-
enue distripts in the United States f.p ppt exceeding
eighty in number, and for that purpose ne may unite
two or more districts, or States, at Territories, into
one district, and he shall defignafe from am,ot)g the
existing revenue officers one collector and one asses-
sor for each ne-wdistrict, or at his discretion be may,
by and with the advice and oongent pf the Senate,
nominate and appoint new officers fpr suoh new dis-
trict; and the cojlectof and.assessor so designated or
appointed shall give bond according to law, and the
Secretary of the Treasury is hereby authorized and
required, prior to the 1st day of January, 1873, to
reduoe the number of internal revenue assistant
assessors, inspectors, gatugers, storekeepers, and the
clerks and employes in thjelnternsJIievenue Bureau
to as small a number as is consistent with tUe per-
formance of the reduced duties of th« service, and
that he report to Congress at its next session the
reduction made under this act, and spqh farther
changes in the organization of (he internal revenue
servioe as will promote its efficiency and economy.
Of course it w^s necessary, when that act
was passed, that some time should be given
for this reduction. We could not say that it
should be done " immediately upon the pass-
age of this act.'.' Therefore it was provided
