i m
THE CONCHIESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 6.,
by which the amendment of the Senate was
concurred in ; and also moved that the motion
to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
APPORTIONMENT Of WYOMING TERRITORY.
Mr. JONES. I ask unanimous consent to
present for consideration now a bill to.provide
for the apportionment of Wyoming Territory
for legislative purposes.
The bill was read. It provides that the ap-
portionment of the Territory of Wyoming for
the election of members to the next Legisla-
tive Assembly of that Territory shall be made
by the Governor thereof, in accordance with
the provisions of an act of Congress to pro-
vide a temporary government for the Territory
of Wyoming, approved July 25, 1868; pro-
vided that for all purposes of such apportion-
ment it shall not be necessary to take any
additional census or enumeration of said Ter-
ritory.
Mr. JONES. I desire to make just one
word of explanation.
Mr. PERCE. I object, and call for the
regular order of business.
Mr. JONES. I hope the gentleman will
hear an explanation.
Mr. PERCE. I call for the regular order
of business.
BANKRUPT LAW.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I rise
to a privileged question, and submit a report
from the committee of conference on the dis-
agreeing votes of the two Houses on a bill
(H. R. No. 3496) to amend an act entitled
"An act to establish a uniform system of
bankruptcy throughout the United States,"
approved March 2, 1867, which I ask to be
read.
The Clerk read as follows:
The committee of conference of the Senate and
House of Representatives relative to the disagree-
ittontof the two Houses on the amendment made by
the Senate to the bill (H. It, No. 3496) in the nature
of a substitute entitled " An act to amend an act
entitled An act to establish a uniform system of
bankruptcy throughout the United States/" ap-
proved March 2,1867j after full and free conference,
have agreed to submit the following report:
Ihpt the House recede from its disagreement to
the benate amendment, and agree to the same with
amendments as follows:
That the Senate amendment be amended in line
eleven thereof by inserting after the words "order
made," in said line, 44 or that shall be made."
Jburther, m line twelve thereof strike out the words
afcd executed accordingly."
<4 And further, in line fifteen thereof, after the word
« insert the words " actually or construct-
-Arid fchecommitteesof the two Houses respectfully
recopomeud the bill as amended be passed.
BENJAMIN tf. BUTLER,
JOHN A. BINGHAM,
Conferee# on the part of the House.
MATT. H CARPENTER,
A. G. THURMAN.
FREDERICK A. SAWYER,
Vonfeveen on the part of the Senate.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. These
are mere verbal amendments to the Senate
bill and carry out the spirit of the House bill.
This bill is only for the relief of insurance
companies, which was passed the other day.
It ba unanimous report of the committee, and
the name of the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Potter] does not appear signed to the
report because he happened to be absent at the
now demand the previous question.
Mr. MAC1NTYRB. I hope the Senate
amendment will be read as it is proposed to
be amended and enacted into law by this con-
ference report, so we may know what it is we
are voting on. As: it is now, we do not know
what it is we are voting on.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Let the
n,, ™ as ^ -s to be amended.
1 he Clerk read as follows:
That whenever a corporation created by the laws-
oi any btate, whose business is carried on whollv
within the Stale creating the same, and also any in-
surance company so created, whether allits business
shall be carried on in such State or not, has had pro-
ceedings duly commenced against such corporation
or company before the courts of such State for the*
purpose of winding up the affairs of such corpora-
tion or coinpany' and dividing its assets ratably
among its creditors and lawfully among those en-
titled thereto prior to proceedings having been com-
menced against such corporation or company under
the bankrupt laws of the United States, any order
made or that shall be made by such court agreeably
to the State law for the ratable distribution or pay-
ment of any dividend of assets to the creditors of
such corporation or company while such State court
shall remain actually or constructively in possession
or control of the assets of such corporation or com-
pany, shall be deemed valid, notwithstanding pro-
ceedings in bankruptcy may have been commenced
and be pending against such corporation or com-
pany.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. As it
will be seen, the amendments proposed are
simply verbal.
Mr. POTTER. Mr. Speaker, I was present
at the meeting of the conference committee,
bat had no opportunity to sign the report. I
wish to say that I do not object to it.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. The gen-
tleman was not present in the House when the
report was submitted, and I made the state-
ment it was a unanimous report. I now
demand the previous questiou.
The previous question was seconded and
the main question ordered ; and under the
operation thereof the report was adopted.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the report was
adopted; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
SLOOPS OF WAR.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I rise to a privileged
question, and submit a report from the com-
mittee oi conference on the disagreeing votes
between the two Houses on the bill providing
for the construction of ten sloops of war.
The Clerk read as follows:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the amendment of the
Senate to the bill (II. R,. No. 3010) to authorize the
construction of six steam vessels of war, and for
other purposes, having met, after full and free con-
ference have agreed tq recommend, and do recom-
mend, to their respective Houses, as follows:
That the House recede from its disagreement to
the amendment of the Senate, and agree to the same
with the foil owing amendments;
_ In line thirty-six, strike out the word " ten " and
insert " eight."
In line iorty-one, strike out the word " ten " and
insert eight."
In lino forty-three, after the word " exceed," strike
out the words "four millions" and insert "three
milhontwohundred thousand;" also, after the word
that," in the same line, strike out " a portion "
and insert " lour."
In line fifty-five, after the word " Government,"
strike out the remainder of the section and insert
in either case furnishing such material as may be
deemed practicable bythe Secretary of the Navy."
" ® title of the bill to be so changed as to read.
An act to authorize the construction ol eight steam
vessels of war, and for other purposes."
And the Senate agree to the same.
Gf. W. SCOFIELD,
EUGENE HALE,
' SAMUEL J. RANDALL,
Managers on the part of the Home.
A. H. CRASIN,
LOT M. MORRILL,
T. F. BAYARD,
Manauers on t/iepart of the Senate.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I demand the previous
question on agreeing to the report of the com-
mittee of conference.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the report was agreed to.
Mr. SCOFIELD moved to reconsider the
vote by which the report of the committee of
conference was agreed to; and also moved
that the1 motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
- The latter motion was agreed to.
PAY OP CONTESTANT.
Mr. HAZELTON, of Wisconsin. 1 rise to
make a privileged report from the Committee
of Elections.
The Clerk read as follows:
In the case of Bowen vs. De Large, the Committee
ol flections, to whom was referred the claim of C.
.Bowen, contestant in the above-entitled contest,
??, had the same under consideration, recom-
mend the adoption of the following resolution :
Resolved, That C. 0. Bowen be allowed $1,500 out
of the House contingent fund, in full for expenses
incurred in prosecuting the above contest for a seat
in the Forty-Second Congress.
Mr. RAINEY. I desire to offer an amend-
ment.
Mr. HAZELTON, of Wisconsin. I allow
the gentleman to offer his amendment, to be
considered as pending.
Mr. RAINEY. I offer the following amend-
ment:
Strike out "$1,500" and insert "$3,375," so that it
will read, " that C, C. Bowen be allowed $3,375," &e.
Mr. STEVENSON. I rise to a question of
order. Is this resolution privileged ?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. STEVENSON. I have understood
heretofore that a resolution for compensation
of a contestant was only privileged when it
accompanied the report of the Committee of
Elections touching the right to the seat.
The SPEAKER. To be privileged, the
resolution must not necessarily accompany the
report on the same day. If it goes by it be-
comes a claim, and has no privilege, nor is it
privileged, except as coming from the Com-
mittee of Elections. A resolution offered not
from that committee would not be privileged.
Mr. HAZELTON, of Wisconsin. I will
not, at this stage of the session, occupy the
time of the House a moment in discussing this
matter. I simply wish to say that the report
presented is the result of the unanimous action
of the committee ; and I hope the resolution
may be adopted in the form in which it is pre-
sented by the committee, although 1 have no
objection, as I have stated, to the sense of the
House being taken on the amendment offered
by the gentleman from South Carolina, TMr.
liAIJSET.]
Mr. STEVENSON. I desire to ask the
gentleman a question. Is it not true that the
committee found, and so reported to this
House, that this claimant was guilty of fraud
and corruption in attempting to suppress the
testimony of his opponent?
Mr. HAZELTON, of Wisconsin. That I
do not think affects this question.
Mr. STEVENSON. Is not that true?
Mr. HAZELTON, of Wisconsin. The com-
mittee, pending the hearing of this case, had
that question presented, and the House, upon
the recommendation of the committee, unani-
mously directed that the hearing should be
postponed until both the parties should present
additional evidence. The Committee of Elec-
tions, while refusing to allow the expenses
incurred up to lhat time, felt called upon, in
view of the fact that the House had unani-
mously directed proceedings to go forward
and additional testimony £o be taken, to
recommend payment to the contestant for
expenses incurred under that order of the
House, refusing to pay expenses which had
been incurred prior to that time.
Mr. STEVENSON. ^ Then I understand
this resolution does not include expenses prior
to that time?
Mr. HAZELTON, of Wisconsin. Not at
all. Those are excluded by the report of the
committee.
Mr. AMBLER. Will the gentleman from
Wisconsin^ allow me to inquire what distinc
tion there is between this case and other cases
which furnishes a reason why we should de-
part from the principle that has been adopted
in one of the appropriation bills of this session
to absolutely refuse to pay the expenses of
contestants ?
Mr. HAZELIOJtf, of Wisconsin. That has
not been done ; ^>n the contrary, this House
has extended the principle to successful
elaitnants.
Mr. AMBLER. I understand that on motion
of the chairman of the Committee ol Elections
[Mr. McCrary] this House adopted an amend-
ment, to one of the appropriation bills louchhi"
this matter. "
Mr. HAZELTON, of Wisconsin. That is
to take effect after this Congress.
