1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
189
that they might have until the 1st day of
January next to carry those provisions into
effect.
Now, if I mistake not, that provision came
from the Committee of Ways and Means, the
same committee that reported this bill. Time
was given the President and Secretary of the
Treasury until the 1st day of January next,
to make this reduction, yet not a single move
has been made toward carrying out the pro-
visions of that act. On the contrary, they
wait until Congress meets here, and then we
are gravely told that a different measure has
been devised by the Department, and we are
called upon to register as an act of Congress
the measure which has been thus devised.
I understand that by the act of last summer
the number of collectors and assessors, now
two hundred and thirty each, would have been
reduced to eighty of each, or one hundred and
sixty in all; thus reducing the number of those
officers from four hundred and sixty to one
hundred *pd sixty, or cutting off three hun-
dred of those officers.
The reason, as 1 understand, why this has not
been done is stated to be that under that law
the assistant assessors and assistant collectors
were to be retained ; but this is not the fact,
for that same law provided that the Secretary
of the Treasury should reduce the number of
assistants, while the President should reduce
the number of tbeir chiefs.
Now, this bill proposes to continue all the
districts; and not only will the existing dis-
tricts be continued, but new districts will be
made in accordance with the apportionment
of the next Congress ; so that instead of two
hundred and thirty collectors, we shall have
some three hundred, though the law passed
last year provided that there should be but one
hundred and sixty collectors and assessors.
Besides this large increase in the number of
collectors to take the places of the assessors)
the bill even as it went from the House pro-
vides for twenty-five additional revenue agents;
and the Senate has sent us aa amendment pro-
viding for twenty-five more. Then, to cap the
climax, this bill for the redaction of even the
assessors is not to take effect until the 1st of
July next, thus giving all those Federal officers
throughout the United States six months fur-
ther lease of office and salary.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. DAWES obtained the floor.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I wish to occupy
only a few moments more.
Mr. DAWES. I will yield to the gentle-
man.
Mr. FARNS WORTH. Thus all these offi-
cers are continned in office for six months
longer, and there is an increase of officersfrom
one hundred and sixty, the number now pro-
vided for by law, to about three hundred. As
to the assistants, they may as well be dispensed
with under the law as it now stands as under
the bill which we are called upon to pass.
Assistants have been authorized at discretion.
Under the original act I think assistant col-
lectors and assistant assessors were authorized
without limit. In some districts more are
required than in others. The necessity for
the increase must of course appear to the sat-
isfaction of the Secretary of the Treasury, who
passes upon the requests of the assessors or
collectors for the appointment of additional
assistants. We have already given the Secre-
tary of the Treasury the power to dismiss all
these assistants. Under the law we passed
three years ago, aa well as the law of last
year, he may dismiss every one of them when-
ever he chooses. But under this bill we dis-
miss only assessors and assistant assessor#,
leaving the Secretary the same authority he
has had heretofore to appoint additional col-
lectors without limit.
Now, sir, I do know that in my own State
there are districts where there is no necessity
for keeping up the framework of this internal
revenue system ; where there is no necessity.
for a collector or an assessor; where the reve-
nue collected does not pay the expense of
maintaining such officers. In a great many
country districts of the United States where
there are no large towns, where there are no
distilleries, where there is no manufacturing
of tobacco, it does not: pay to keep up these
officers.
Mr. MAYNARD. Has the gentleman ap-
plied to the department to have the districts,
lie speaks of consolidated with some others
under the law now in existence ?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. No, air; because
the law does not make it nay duty to do so.
The law makes it the duty of the Secretary of
the Treasury, or of the President, to consol-
idate districts; it does not provide that mem-
bers of Congress shall consolidate them.
Mr. MAYNARD. But the gentleman might
have brought the facts to the attention of the
department, so t&at action might be taken
under the law.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I presume that the
department whose duty it is to see that the
revenue is collected, to know all about the
number of assessors and collectors and the
amount of money collected from the several
districts, is the best judge as to the necessity
of consolidation in any particular' oafee. At
all events the law does not make it my duty
to aisk for a consolidation of districts, but it
does make it the duty of the President of the
United States. Has the gentleman from Ten-
nessee [Mr. Maynard] asked to have any of
his districts consolidated ? He says he has not.
Now, what I object to, Mr. Speaker, is the
fact that no sort of attention is paid to an act
of Congress which, if carried out, would have
I largely diminished the expenses of the Gov-
ernment, until they say themselves that it is
too late to put it in force. They eome here to
us in December, a month before the final
execution of the other act which its terms
require, and say to us, "We have adopted
another method. It is true Congress has pre-
scribed a method and directed us what we
shall do, but we have sought out a better
method. We propose to increase the num-
ber of officers and to postpone the taking
effect of the statute six months longer. We
therefore ask Congress to pass our method
instead of that prescribed by law."
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Speaker, I suppose the
five-minutes' rule requires five minutes on each
amendment, and I desire the debate may be
limited in that way.
I know it is better to arouse ourselves to
danger even at a late hour than not at all,
although we wait until we are reminded of it
by political leaders in other bodies. The
trouble ab.out this bill never loomed up until
we were shown it by those who see more clearly
dangers than any of us here in this House.
The first trouble of ray distinguished friend
is that we have not consolidated under the ex-
isting law as many distriets as he thinks we
ought.to. He did not listen, or if he did he
did not seem to remember what the reason
was that we did not consolidate any more
under the existing law, that we found it im-
practicable to consolidate all of them into
eighty under the provisions of the last law.
We have consolidated under the discretionary
power ef the President; however, that seems
to have escaped his attention. We consolid-
ated where the distriets were of small com-
pass. The President undertook to complete
that law, but the districts generally spreading
over large territory he found 
Mr. FARNSWORTH. How many were
consolidated ?
Mr. DAWES. Excuse me just now. He
found that difficulty which the Commissioner
found rendered the latter provision impossible ;
namely, it destroyed ail police care over the
district, and opened large bodies of territory
to in Station for evading the law. That was
found to be the difficulty in the way, and no
suggestion of remedy has come from any
source. That increased tenfold when we were
called to consolidate all over the country, and
make every district three times as large as the
present district. It was found by those who
find it necessary to-watch as well as pray, to
watch for honesty in the collection and pay-
ment of taxes as well as pray for the diminu-
tion of the number of officeholders. That
was found to be the reason.
Thegentleman says this is postponed to the
1st day of July. He has not even read the
present bill. The present bill fixes the lstday
of July as the day when it shall all be finished,
but it requires him to proceed instanter to
work, to work on until he can complete it
without delay, but it requires him to complete
it before the 1st day of July. It does not ex-
tend the life of these officers to the 1st day of
July. The gentleman has mistaken the spirit
and force of the bill. The bill provides for
the 1st day of July, 1873, or such time prior
thereto as the Commissioner of Internal Reve-
nue may find practicable. Will he have it in
sooner than that? Will he have it sooner than
it is found practicable for us? Does my friend
want it done before it is found practicable?
It must bedone in all the districts before the
1st day of July, and must also be done as soon
as practicable. How much sooner would he
have it than that ?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Will the gentleman
answer me a question ?
Mr. DAWES. I yield to the gentleman for
a question^
Mr. FARNSWORTH. By the law we passed
last summer we provided that by the 1st of
January next the districts should be consolid-
ated, and we find less than a month before
the time that that law has not taken effect at
the White House. Have I not then a right to
say that by this law you are postponing it to
the 1st of July ?
Mr. DAWES. That does not follow by any
means. We are. not proposing to postpone.
The gentleman knows that if this law or some
other one does not go into effect those dis-
tricts will be consolidated before the 1st day
of January, let the conaequenees to the inter-
nal revenue be what they will.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. That cannot be
unless the President acts—the l&w itself does
not consolidate the districts—before the 1st of
January.
Mr. DAWES. Let not the gentleman give
himself any trouble on that point. Unless
whalt is deemed by the Departments and the
committees of both Houses, by the Secretary
of the Treasury, by the Commissioner of In-
ternal Revenue, byevery ex-Commissioner of
Internal Revenue, by every supervisor of in-
ternal revenue, and by every agent summoned
before these two committees, a better measure
than the one we passed last summer be
adopted, they will be consolidated, because
the law requires them to be, let it be better or
let it be worse. And now I hope there will
be a vote.
Mr. FARNSWORTH rose.
Mr. RANDALL. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts a question.
Mr. DAWES. Let us have a vote on this
amendment, and then gentlemen can be heard
on the next.
The question was on thefirst amendment of
the Senate, as follows:
Page 1, line four, after the word "thereto,"insert
the words " in the distriets respectively."
The amendment was concurred in.
The Clerk read the next amendment by the
Senate, as follows :
Page 1, strike out all after the word " and," in
line five, down to and including the word " respect-
ively," in line six, namely, theso word", 1 that
upon the expiration of their terms of office respect-
ively" and insert the word " thereupon."
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] fells back upon
the recommendation made by the various offi-
cers he has enumerated, and says they come
