1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2113
fromtbefilesof the House of the papers in the
cases of Malinda Sea, John Casey, and Eliza-
beth Falks.
colored soldiers.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the bill (S. No. 627) to place colored per-
sons who enlisted in the Army on the same
footing as other soldiers as to bounty and pen-
sions, which was read a first and second time.
The bill was read. It provides that all
colored persons who enlisted in the Army dur-
ing the late war, who are now prohibited from
receiving bounty and pensions on account of
being borne on the rolls of their regiment as
slaves, shall be placed on the same footing as
to bounty and pensions as though they had not
been slaves at their enlistment.
Mr. STOUGHTON. I think this bill ought
not to be passed without going to a committee.
Mr. BOLES. I think it ought to pass.
Mr. COX. Is debate in order?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
The bill was ordered to be read a third
time; it was accordingly read the third time,
and passed, (twothirds voting therefor.)
Mr. BOLES. I ask leave to have printed
in the Globe some remarks upon the bill which
has just been passed.
There was no objection, and leave was
granted. [See Appendix.]
colombia college.
The next business on the Speaker'stable was
a bill (S. No. 957) supplemental to the act of
February 9, 1821, incorporating the Columbia
College, in the District of Columbia; which
was read a first and second time.
Mr. ELDREDGE. I am instructed by the
committee for the District of Columbia to offer
a substitute for the bill. The substitute of the
committee simply provides greater security
than the other bill. It is more particular.
The substitute was read.
The amendment, in the nature of a substi-
tute, was agreed to.
The bill as amended, was ordered to be read
a third time; and it was accordingly read
the third time, and passed, two-thirds voting
therefor.
assay office at helena.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the bill (S. No. 809) to establish an assay
office at Helena, in the Territory of Montana;
which was read a first and second time.
The bill was read.
Mr. WALDRON. This bill has the approval
of the Committee on Mines and Mining, and
is recommended by the Secretary of the
Treasury.
The bill was ordered to be read a third time ;
and it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed, two thirds voting therefor.
georgetown gas-light company.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the bill (S. No. 1016) to extend the works
of the Georgetown Gas-Light Company.
The bill was read three times, and passed,
two thirds voting therefort
elevator in capitol.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the bill (S. No. 1243) to authorize t;he con-
struction of a steam passenger and freight ele-
vator in the north end of the Capitol; which
was read a first and second time.
The bill was read. It appropriates $8,500
or so much thereof as may be necessary for
the construction of a steam passenger and
and freight elevator in the north end of the
Capitol. . .
Mr. FARNSWORTH. This is an appro-
priation bill. I raise the point of order on it.
The SPEAKER pro tempore, [Mr.
Wheeler.] This is proceeding under a sus-
pension of the rules, and the pojnt ot order
cannot be made. But if the bill is passed, it
can only be by a two thirds vote.
Mr. GABFIELPi of Ohio. I ask the House
42D COM. HP 133,
to hear a word in explanation of this bill.
There are several members of the Senate who
are disabled, and it is for their use and benefit
that it is desired that an elevator may be
placed in the Senate end of the Capitol, so
that the Senators I have referred to may be
able to ascend from the basement to the floor
of the Senate without being compelled to
climb stairs with very great difficulty. It is
simply as a matter of fair dealing toward such
unfortunate members of the Senate as require
assistance of this kind that the House is asked
to join in appropriating the small sum of
money necessary to construct this elfevator.
Mr. SARGENT. It is also required to
carry up fuel.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. They have
quite a number of laborers there employed to
carry fuel and other materials from the lower
floor up to the Senate floor, and the elevator
is to be constructed so that material of that
kind may be carried up.
Mr. MAYNARD. I understand that the
Senate ask this for their own convenience,
and I think we should not object to it.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. As the gentleman
ys, we should dispense with the services of
two or three laborers now employed in carry-
ing fuel, &e., but we should require the ser-
vices of two or three engineers to run this
machine. I do not believe in putting ia an
elevator for-the benefit of a few aecrepid Sen-
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. One elevator
will do for all these purposes.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Gentlemen get suf-
ficiently elevated here without any machinery
of this kind.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I think that in
a matter of this sort, of courtesy between the
two Houses, we ought not to haggle about it.
Mr. KILLINGERand Mr. FARNSWORTH
called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Farnsworth,
and Mr. Garfield of Ohio, were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 78, noes 45.
So (two thirds not voting in favor of the pass-
age of the bill) it remained on the Speaker's
table.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Gorham,
its Secretary, announced that the Senate had
passed the bill (H. R. No. 4051) making
appropriations to supply deficiencies in the
appropriations for the service of the Govern-
ment for the fiscal year ending June 30, 1873,
with amendments, in which he was directed
to ask the concurrence of the House.
The message further announced that the Sen-
ate had agreed to the report of the committee
of conference on the disagreeing votes of the
two Houses on the amendment of the Senate
to the bill (H. R. No. 4057) to amend the act
to reduce the duties on imports, and to reduce
internal taxes, &c.
deficiency bill.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I move that
the House non-concur in the amendments of
the Senate to this bill (H. R. No. 4051) making
appropriations to supply deficiencies in the
appropriations for the service of the Govern-
ment for the fiscal year ending June 30, 1873,
and ask a conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses thereon.
The motion was agreed to.
kansas valley national bank.
The House resumed the consideration of
the business on the Speaker's table.
The next business in order was the bill (S.
No. 950) to authorize the Kansas Valley Na-
tional Bank of Topeka, in the State of Kan-
sas, to change its name to the First National
Bank of Topeka. .
Mr. MERRIAM. This bill is unanimously
recommended by the Committee on Banking
and Currency, and I hope it will pass.
No objection was made, and the bill was taken
from the Speaker's table, received its several
readings, and was passed.
internal revenue, eto.
Mr. BURCHARD submitted the following
report:
The committee of conference oil the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on House bill No. 4057, to
amend an act entitled "An act to reduce duties on
imports, and to reduce internal taxes, and for other
purposes," approved June 6,1872, and for other pur-
poses, having met, after a full and free conference,
have agreed to recommend, and do recommend, to
their respective Houses, as follows:
That the House recede from their disagreement
to the first and second amendments of the Senate,
and agree to the same
That the Senate recede from their amendment
striking out section six and agree to the same with
an amendment,as follows:
Insert in lieu of said section the following:
That section fifty-five of the act of July 20,1868,
as amended by the act of June 6, 1872, be further
amended by adding to the first paragraph of said
section the words: "Provided, That the bonds re-
quired to be given for the exportation of distilled
spirits shall be cancelled upon the presentation of
satisfactory proof and certificate that said distilled
spirits have been landed at the port of destination
named in the bill of lading, or upon satisfactory
proof that after shipment the same was lost at sea
without fault or neglect of the owner or shipper
thereof."
And the House agree to the same.
That the Senate recede from their fourth amend-
ment.
HORATIO C. BURCHARD,
ELLIS H. ROBERTS,
JAMES B. BECK,
Managers on the part of the House.
JOHN SHERMAN,
JOHN SCOTT,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
Mr. COX. Is this the macaroni bill?
Mr. BECK, of Kentuckey. It is the mac-
aroni bill with the macaroni left out.
Mr. COX. Then macaroni is on the free
list. I think the Senate has shown its good
sense in insisting upon its amendment.
Mr. BURCHARD. I now call the previous
question on agreeing to the report.
The previous question was seconded and
the main question ordered.
Mr. BURCHARD. There were four amend-
ments proposed by the Senate to this bill. The
first was in the section relating to the duty
upon macaroni, which the Senate strikes out.
Upon conference the Senate committee in-
sisted upon that amendment, and the report
of the committee of conference recommends
that the House recede from their disagreement
to it.
The second amendment of the Senate is
simply a modification or an addition to the
section relating to the importation of kid
gloves. The conference committee recom-
mend agreement with the Senate in that
amendment.
The third amendment of the Senate was to
strike out section six of the bill relating to the
bonds given upon the exportation of distilled
spirits. The committee of conference recom-
mend agreement in the Senate amendment
with the amendment which has been reported.
The fourth amendment of the Senate was
an additional section, which the committee of
conference recommend that the Senate recede
from. That is all that the report amounts to.
Mr. COX. Will the gentleman allow me
one minute upon this report?
Mr. BURCHARD. I have no objection if
others have not.
Mr. COX. I want merely to say, as the
last thing I shall probably say in this House,
at least on this subject, to which I have given a
good deal of attention, that I congratulate
the House that to-night it has really made
some little advance in the matterof free trade,
that it has refused to raise a tariff of thirty-
five per cent, on an aritcle which has become
one of common consumption.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Speaker 
Mr. COX. Now the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts would certainly not steal two minutes
from a man who is just going out of Congress.
[Laughter.] That is almost as cruel as }&
would bo f-c levy   tariff ou maearow!
