190
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 13,
here and represent that this is a better meas- |
ure than that we passed last summer. That j
is no excuse or justification for violating the i
law of Congress. !
Mr. DA\VES. What law has been vio-
lated ?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The law which re-
quires that these consolidations shall take
PlMr." DAWES. When?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Precisely as the law
requires they shall take place.
Mr. DAWES. That is before the 1st of
January.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I believe I have the
floor. The gentleman from Massachusetts cor-
rected me when 1 said that his bill extended
the tenure of office of these officers to the 1st
of July next by saying that the law requires
that it shall be executed prior to that time.
So the law of last summer provided that these
consolidations should take place "prior to"
the 1st of January, 1873. But they have not
taken place. But the gentleman says his
act will take effect the moment it passes, and
he says the 1st of July has not come. The
1st of January had not come when we passed
his bill of last session, and we all supposed
the act took effect the moment it passed,
and that it was then the duty of the President
to commence consolidating. Of course he
cannot consolidate all the districts in a day or
in a week. But if the gentleman's act takes
effect as soon as it is passed, then our act of
last July tuok effect as soon as it passed, aud
the offices of some of those gentlemen should
have been abolished; but not one of them has
been abolished ; not one.
Instead of having now eighty districts, as we
contemplated by that act, here we are within
half a month of the ultimate execution of the
law, according to its terms, and not one reduc-
tion has been made. Instead of eighty dis-
tricts, as provided by that law, we have two
hundred and thirty; and instead of a consolid-
ation having taken place, the gentleman an-
swers me that divers and sundry inspectors of
revenue and agents aud other Federal officers,
who are to be Qontinued iu office by his act,
have come here and said that they have devised
a better scheme. Why of course these gen-
tlemen in office will always devise a better
scheme than ours if we provide for extin-
guishing their offices. Their scheme is to con-
tinue their offices. And here they wait until
we are within a fortnight, or, as when we came
here, within a month of the time when all these
districts should be consolidated, and when we
at>k why they have not been consolidated, they
say these men in office want to hold on now
till the 1st of July, or as much longer as they
can, and we think that is better than the bill
passed last session. And the same Committee
of Ways and Means who last summer told us
the best way was to consolidate these districts
to eighty, immediately become converts to this
new doctrine. They come in now and report
a bill containing this new scheme devised by
the officeholders. The gentleman says that
all <he small offices have been consolidated
under the act passed by Congress. I tried to
get him to tell me how many offices had been
consolidated under that act, but I could get
no satisfactory answer.
Mr. DAWES. The difference between the
gentleman and myself is that when I do not
know a thing I tell him so ; it is not so with
him.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The gentleman was
asked the question plumb, and he made no
satisfactory answer, but when he is upon the
floor in his own right, and there is no one to
catechise him, he pretends that he does know.
He did say that they had consolidated the
small districts.
Mr. DAWES. I know that now.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. That term "the
small districts'' means, according to Lindley
Munay, all the small districts.
Mr. DAWES. I did not say any such thing.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. You said what was
equivalent to it.
Mr. DAWES. It was you that said it.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. There are more
than six or eight small districts in the United
States. There are now two hundred and thirty
of these collection districts in the United
States. How many were there before we com-
menced to consolidate them ?
Mr. DAWES. More than two hundred and
fifty.
Mr. KELLE Y. I will say to the gentleman
from Illinois that the Philadelphia districts
have been consolidated two into one.
Mr. DAWES. There were as many districts
as there are congressional districts and Terri-
tones
Mr. FARNSWORTH. In a few instances
where the districts were small and close to-
gether they consolidated them. But why did
the gentleman endeavor to convey the impres-
sion that they had consolidated all the small
districts ?
Mr. DAWES. I did not convey any such
idea at all. I wish the gentleman had better
ears; they are long enough. [Laughter. ]
But there seems to be something wrong with
them. I told him that they had already con-
solidated some of the small districts, but when
they came to consolidate more they found they
could not do it advantageously.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Why, Mr. Speaker,
all districts are close together.
Dr. DAWES. I know the gentleman has
again and again made a statement here with-
out the slightest regard either to this bill or
the existing law, and I suppose a gentleman
ought not to be arraigned for talking about
either a bill or a law which he cannot have
read. He says that the gentlemen who
appeared before our committee were gentle-
men who were to be legislated out of office
by the existing law, and that that is the reason
why they recommended the passage of this
measure. Now, sir, there is not one solitary
one of them who is affected either by the
existing law or by this bill, and a simple read-
ing of the bill in a calm and honest frame of
mind, to which I commend my friend from
Illinois, would have shown him that that was
so.
The amendment of the Senate was concurred
in.
The third amendment of the Senate was to
strike out in line ten of the bill the words
"themselves or by," and to insert in lieu
thereof the words " them or," so that it will
read, "to be performed by them or their depu-
ties."
The question was upon concurring in the
amendment of the Senate.
Mr. BURCHARD. I wish to sayone word
in reply to the remarks of my colleague [Mr.
Farnsworth] as to whether the time proposed
in this bill and by the Commissioner of Inter-
nal Revenue for the employment of these
officers is reasonable. All the papers are to
be transferred from the offices of the assess-
ors of the districts to the bureau or to the
offices of the collectors. That requires time.
Under the law as it now stands a reduction
would be required to eighty districts, and this
consolidation could be made throughout the
United States in a day, because two districts
could be consolidated into one and the papers
of the one transferred to the office of the other.
That law can be carried into operation at
any time before the 1st of January next, and
there is no necessity for the passage of a new
law in order to give time to carry that law into
operation.
This bill dispenses with the whole machin-
ery of assessors and assistant assessors, and
transfers the duties of those officers to the
bureau here and to the collectors and deputy
collectors. That necessitates the selectimi of
papers, a portion of which must go to deputy
collectors and the rest to the bureau. It
requires the sending of revenue agents to
these districts to examine and determine what
papers shall be selected ; it requires a force
for that purpose. Hence, it seemed to the
Committee of Ways and Means that the time
indicated by the Commissioner of Internal
Revenue was not unreasonable. There were
members of that committee who at first were
inclined to limit the time to the 1st of April
or the 1st of May; but on a further discus-
sion and examination of the question we
were satisfied that the time asked for was
reasonable.
In regard to the criticism made on the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means by my colleague,
[Mr. Farnsworth,] that during the last ses-
sion of Congress we recommended a reduc-
tion of these districts to eighty, allow me to
say that he is mistaken. That reduction was
not proposed by the Committee of Ways and
Means ; it was provided either in an amend-
ment made by the other branch of Congress or
by the committee of conference. This meas-
ure abolishing all assessors and assistant
assessors was not then considered.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Who recommended
the reduction of collection districts to eighty ?
Mr. BURCHARD. My recollection is that
it was in an amendment made to the bill after
it passed the House.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Was it not recom-
mended by the Commissionertif Internal Rev-
enue ?
Mr. BURCHARD. I do not recollect any
such recommendation in his report. I think
he was opposed to that reduction. If that
measure would save $1,000,000, as has been
said, then this would save over two millions
in expenses.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. How?
Mr. BURCHARD. Because it dispenses
with eighty more assessors, with eighty more
chief clerks^ and with all the assistant assessors,
who are paid five dollars per day each.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Does not the act of
July last provide that that reduction shall be
made ?
Mr. BURCHARD. This dispenses with
eighty more, for it wipes out the whole of them.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The act of last July
provides for wiping out the whole of them.
Mr. BURCHARD. No.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Why not?
Mr. BURCHARD. Because under that act
you cannot dispense with them all.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. And under this act
you do not dispense with any of the collectors.
Mr. BURCHARD. Under the present law
there are certain duties required which must
be performed by somebody. Those duties can
be transferred to the deputy collectors and to
the bureau. Under the present law there is a
necessity for assistant assessors, because re-
turns must be made to somebody.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. If by law the num-
ber of assessors and collectors were reduced to
eighty of each, I want to know how you could
appoint men as assistant assessors for more
than eighty districts?
Mr. BURCHARD. They need not appoint
assistant assessors for more than eighty dis-
tricts, but they must appoint in those eighty
districts as many assistant assessors as may be
necessary ; and under the present law as many
would be required as now, unless their duties
were transferred to other officers.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Does this bill dis-
pense with the necessity of having them ?
Mr. BURCHARD. Certainly; the deputy
collectors, paid by the collectors out of their
fees and salaries, without any additional ex-
pense to the Government, are to perform such
of their duties as are not to be performed by
the bureau. Hence this bill is a great saving,
and as such, in the interest of economy, it has
had the unanimous approval of the Committee
of Ways and Means.
The amendment of the Senate was then con-
curred in.
