1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2115
Sec. 11. That the receiver shall not act as agent or
attorney of any claimant, in relation to any claim
against such association, nor receive any fee or
reward from any claimant directly or indirectly. If
it shall be made to appear to the Comptroller that
such receiver has violated any provisions of this
section, such receiver shall be removed and forfeit all
•costs? and ail orders made by him after the passage
of this act in relation to any claim for the owner or
owners of which he acted as attorney, or received
any fee or reward with regard thereto, shall be void.
Sec. 12. That whenever any association organized
pursuant to the provisions of the act to which this
is amendatory shall nave been placed in the hands
of a receiver, as provided in section fifty and other
sections of said act, and when, as provided in said
section fifty, the Comptroller shall have paid to each
and every creditor of such association whose claim
or claims as such creditor shall have been proved or
allowed as therein and hereinbefore prescribed the
full amount of such claims, and all expenses of the
receivership, and the redemption of the circulating
notes of such association shall have been provided
for by depositing lawful money of the United States
with the Treasurer of the United States, the Comp-
troller of the Currency shall call a meeting of the
shareholders of such association, by giving notice
thereof for thirty days in a newspaper published in
town, city, or county where the business of such
association was carried on, at which meeting the
shareholders shall elect an agent, voting by ballot in
person or by proxy, each share of stock entitling the
holder to one vote, and when such agent 8hall have
received votes representing at least a majority of the
stock in value and number of shares, and when any
of the shareholders of the association shall have
executed and filed a bond to the satisfaction of the
Comptroller of the Currency, conditioned for the
payment and discharge in full of any and every claim
that may hereafter be proved and allowed against
such associationbyandbeforeacompetentcourt, and
for the faithful performance and dischargeof all and
singular the duties of such trust, the Comptroller and
the receiver shall thereupon transfer and deliver to
such agent all the undivided or uncollected or other
assets and property of such association then remain-
ing in the hands of, or subject to the order or con-
trol of, said Comptroller and said receiver, or either
of them; and for this purpose said Comptroller and
said receiver are hereby severally empowered to
execute any deed, assignment, transfer, or other
instrument in writing that may be necessary and
proper; whereupon the said Comptroller and the
said receiver shall, by virtue of this act, be dis-
charged and released from any and all liabilities to
sucn association, and to each and all ot the creditors
and shareholders thereof; and such agent is hereby
authorized to sell, compromise, or compound the
debts due to such association upon the order of a
competent court of record or of the United btates
circuit court lor the district where the business of
the association was carried on. Such agent shall
hold, control, and dispose of the assets and prop-
erty of any association which ho may receive as
hereinbefore provided for the benefit of the share-
holders of such association as they, or a majority ot
them in value or number of shares, may direct, dis-
tributing such assets and property among such
shareholders in proportion to the shares held by
each; and he may, in his own name or in the name
of such association, sue and be sued, and do all other
lawful acts and things necessary to finally settle ana
distribute the assets and property in his hands. in
selecting an agent as hereinbefore provided, admin-
istrators or executors of deceased shareholders may
act and sign as the decedent might have done it
living, and guardians may so act and sign ior their
ward or wards. _ , . . , „ .
Seo. 13. That the provisions of this act shall be
applied to all associations in the hands of a receiver
at the time of the passage of this act: / rovided,
That all claims proved, or which shall oe proyed,
shall have been or shall be paid in lull, as required
by this act, or the act of which this is amendatory.
Mr. MERRIAM. I move to amend the
amendment by adding the following:
That banks without circulation may be organized
under the provisions of an act entitled An act to
provide a national currency secured by a pledge or
the United States bonds, and to provide tor tne cir-
culation and redemption thereof/'approved June
3, 1864, upon the deposit with the Treasurer o ; the
tinited States of not less than $10,000 of .United
States registered bonds, as provided in section six-
teen of that act.
This amendment simply authorizes free
banking without circulation.
Mr. W. R. ROBERTS. I move further to
amend the amendment by adding thereto the
following:
That the Secretary of the Treasury be and is
hereby, authorized and directed to cancel all notes
issued by national banks, which may_from time to
time oome into the Treasury, and issue m lieu
thereof legal-tender notesof likedenommation, and
tolapplythe same from time to time inpayment of
the public debt,
The adoption of this amendment will save to
the country millions of dollars.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. . I move that the
House take a recessuntil eighto clock to-mor-
row morning.
The question being taken on the motion ;
there were—ayes eighteen, noes not counted.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I desire to inquire
whether the deficiency bill has gone to a con-
ference committee ?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. It has not.
A conference has been ordered ; but in the
absence of the Speaker the committee has not
been appointed.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I withdraw my mo-
tion till that committee shall have been ap-
pointed. _ *
The question being taken on the amendment
to the amendment, there were—ayes thirty-
three, noes not counted.
Mr. W. R. ROBERTS. I call for the yeas
and nays on this amendment.
The yeas and navs were ordered.
Mr. STEVENSON. I rise to a point of
order; that we went to the Speaker's table
upon an agreement that the yeas and nays
should not be called.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. It was the
understanding that the yeas and nays should
not be called by the friends of a measure.
The amendment of the gentleman from New
York [Mr. W. R. Roberts] is not agreed to.
The question is upon the amendment of the
gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Wilson.]
Mr. W. R. ROBERTS. I called for the
yeas and nays.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentle-
man had no right to do so under the order of
this morning. It is only the opponents of a
measure that can test it by yeas and nays.
Mr. HOAR. I rise to a question of order.
I submit that it is impossible to deprive mem-
bers of the constitutional right to the yeas and
nays. Therefore, under the order made this
morning, when the yeas atid nays are ordered,
it at once sends the bill to the table.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The present
occupant of the Chair u>ider.-,tands from the
Speaker and other gentlemen about the desk
that the understanding this morning was that
only the opponents of a measure could call for
the yeas and nays.
Mr. RANDALL. The purpose was that,
two thirds should be necessary to pass any
bill.
Mr. HOAR. I should be glad if the Speaker
himself would state the understanding. My
proposition is that no member can be deprived
of his constitutional right to call the yeas and
nays by such an agreement; that the only
effect of the agreement is that the ordering of
the yeas and nays lays the bill aside.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman who has
just vacated the chair [Mr. Wheeler] has
stated this matter precisely as the Chair under-
stood it. The understanding by unanimous
consent was that business on the Speaker's
table should be proceeded with, and that any
measure which could not secure a two thirds
vote should by that very reason fail. This
arrangement obviates the constitutional diffi-
culty" because the House agreed that that
which could not obtain two thirds was not a
question.
Mr. STEVENSON. Was it not the under-
standing that a bill must get two thirds on a
vote by tellers before it couid pass?
The SPEAKER. The right to tellers must
be recognized if iwenty-dve gentlemen ask for
^Mr! W. R. ROBERTS. The Chair put the
question of ordering the yeas and nays on the
amendment, and they were ordered.
The SPEAKER. That was under a misap-
prehension on the part of the gentleman occu-
pying the chair, And the roll-call not having
been commenced it cannot be proceeded with,
because gentlemen must see that that would
spoil the whole object of going to the Speaker's
table.
Mr. HOLM AN. I call for tellers.
Mr. LYNCH. I move to lay the bill on the
table.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot recog-
nize that motion. The understanding is that
if the bill itself cannot secure a two-thirds vote
for its passage, it is thereby laid aside.
Mr. HOAR. I do not think the Speaker
understands the precise history of this partic-
ular question, not having been in the phair at
the time.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks he
does; and he thinks he understands the point
the gentleman from Massachusetts was about
to make; and it is a good one: that the very
fact of ordering the yeas and nays laid the bill
aside.
Mr. BURCHARD. Would ordering the
yeas and nays on the amendment of the gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. W. R. Roberts]
have the effect of laying the bill aside ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair has not during
the whole time that the House has been engaged
with the business on the Speaker's table enter-
tained a separate vote upon an amendment.
In order to accommodate gentlemen who have
offered amendments not objected to, he has
put the question, Shall the bill pass with these
amendments ? But the question has not been
submitted on the separate amendments.
Mr. ELDREDGE. Is it in order to move
to lay this bill aside?
The SPEAKER. It will be laid aside unless
two thirds vote for it. The question is on pass-
ing the bill with the pending amendments.
The question being put, was disagreed to;
two thirds not voting therefor, and the bill was
laid aside.
ORDER Of BUSINESS.
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. Wheeler
in the chair.) The next business on the
Speaker's table is the bill (S. No. 104) for
the relief of Joseph Lanman.
THANKS TO THE SPEAKER.
Mr. VOORHEES. I rise to present a mat-
ter to the House in which I am sure every
member will concur. In doing so I perform
the most pleasant duty of my entire service on
this floor. I offer the following resolution.
It has the sincere sanction of my head and of
my heart. I move its adoption.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Resolved, That the thanks of this House are due,
and are hereby tendered, to Hon- James Or. Blaine,
for the distinguished ability and impartiality with
whieh he has discharged the duties of Speaker of
the House of Kepresentatives of the Forty-Second
Congress.
Mr. ELDREDGE. Mr. Speaker, I rise to
second the resolution offered by my friend from
Indiana. And, in seconding the resolution, I
take the opportunity to say that I concur most
heartily in the resolution, and in the sentiment
my friend has so touchingly expressed.
Tbe question being put on agreeing to the
resolution, there were—ayes one hundred and
seventy-one, noes none.
The SPEAKERpro tempore, (Mr. Wheel-
er.) The resolution is agreed to unanimously.
DEFICIENCY APPROPRIATION BILL.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
announces the following as the conference
committee on the part of the House on the
deficiency appropriation bill: Mr. Garfield
of Ohio, Mr. Sargent of California, and Mr.
Niblack of Indiana.
BEAR ADMIRAL JOSEPH LANMAN.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the bill (S. No. 104) for the relief of
Joseph Lanman.
The bill was read. It directs that there be
paid to Joseph Lanman, rear admiral in the
United States Navy, the difference between
the pay of a commodore and that of a rear
admiral of the United States Navy, from
December 7, 1867, to April 14, 1868.
The bill was read three times and passed;
two thirds voting therefor.
SAN JOSH RESERVATION.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the bill (S. No. 755) for the relief of the
