1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
191
The next amendment of the Senate was to
strike out the following :
Provided. That the Commissioner of Internal
Revenue shall, under the direction of the Secretary
of the Treasury, and in accordance with the pro-
visions of the ninth section of the act of March 2,
1867, require that each collector of internal revenue
shall, before entering upon the duties prescribed by
this act, give additional bond, conditioned that said
collector shall faithfully perform the duties uf his
oflice according to law, and further conditioned as
required by the ninth section of said act of March
2, 1867: Ami provided further.
Mr. DAWES. This proviso is embraced in an
additional section to the bill put on by the Sen-
ate. 1 ask that this amendment be passed over
for the present, and when the additional section
is reached the two can be considered together.
No objection was made.
Mr. RANDALL. Before we proceed further
I want to direct the attention of the chairman
of the Committee of Ways and Means to the
thirtieth line on the fourth page of the bill,
where I find this provision;
Upon legacies and successions, and of all other
internal revenue taxes liable tobe assessed or accru-
ing under the provisions of former acts.
It seems to me that this clearly contemplates
an assessment of tax upon legacies and suc-
cessions. That species of tax was repealed,
as the gentleman will recollect, in 1870. This
provision would seem to revive the internal
tax upon Buch things.
Mr. DAWES. My colleague on the com-
mittee, [Mr. Kerr,] who is about to take the
floor, will answer the gentleman.
Mr. KERR. The sole object of that part
of the bill is to continue in operation the law
which will enable the department to collect
unpaid taxes of this kind. It assesses no new
tax, but when this tax was originally imposed
it happened that the department held that
every succession tax accrued at the death of
the testator or intestate, and that, whether
paid then or not, it became from that time a
debt to the Government. These succession
taxes frequently remain unpaid for years to
await the tinal administration of estates ; they
remain unpaid sometimes for several years.
Many such taxes have stood over for at least
five or six years.
Mr. RANDALL. I call the attention of
the gentleman to the words "to be assessed."
Mr. KERR. Well, the taxes must be as-
sessed, because the officers cannot possibly
determine what they are until the estates are
administered; until that time it cannot be
determined what will go by descent to the
heirs. In other words, the value of the estate
cannot be ascertained until its administration.
That is the reason this provision of law is con-
tinued. It is not to impose any new succes-
sion or legacy tax at all.
Mr. RANDALL. I think it well that the
language should be made more explicit.
Mr. BINGHAM. I suggest to the gentle-
man from Indiana [Mr. Kerr] that the words
in the thirty first line do really imply on their
face, although such may not be the intention,
that such assessments may still be made. The
language is, "upon legacies and successions,
and all other internal revenue taxes liable to be
assessed." The language ought to be "which
shall have been assessed."
Mr. KERR. It means "liable to be as-
sessed under existing laws." I say that under
tbe phraseology of the bill no taxes can by
any possibility be assessed except such as are
authorized to be assessed under existing law ;
in other words, except such as had accrued and
became a debt to the Government before the
repeal of the law,
Mr. BINGHAM. At any rate, I under-
stand from the chairman of the committee
that it is coratemplated to free this question
of all donbt by a supplementary bill.
Mr. DAWES. I do not speak by authority
of the committee ; but such I understand in
the design. It will be observed that the clause
now under discussion is not a matter in differ-
ence between the two Houses.
Mr, COX. I desire to say one word about
this paragraph which I made an attempt the
other day to have amended, though I failed to
get my amendment in. I do not want this
debate between the gentleman from Indiana
[Mr. Kerr] and the gentleman from Pensyl-
vania [Mr. Randall] to go upon record as a
true interpretation of the existing law with
reference to the taxation of legacies and suc-
cessions.
Mr. RANDALL. I simply maintain that
the language of this paragraph revives the tax
which we have already repealed.
Mr. COX. A bill which I have introduced
on this subject and had referred to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means will, I hope, be
favorably acted on. It proposes not to repeal
this tax upon legacies and successions ; for I
claim that such taxes are already repealed in
hose verba by the act of July, 1870; but not-
withstanding the repeal of all special taxes
upon legacies and successions, the Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue has seen proper to
so construe that repealing act as to allow taxes
to be collected on successions and legacies
arising from estates which were unsettled at
the time that law took effect; that is, on the
1st of October, 1870. I do not believe that
to a be a fair construction of the law.
I know that Judge Clifford, of the Supreme
Conrt, has decided such a tax to be illegal;
and I think his decision is a fair construction
of the law. There is no possible way in which
that repealing act can be avoided, whether by
going over, under, or around it. I enter my
protest against countenancing in this bill any
construction which will validate any action of
the Commissioner of Internal Revenue on this
subject or revive the tax already repealed upon
successions and legacies. I,know this protest
can go for nothing; but '*rhen we come to
declare the true intent of the law, and when
it comes to the refunding of these taxes thus
illegally collected, I do not want proper claim-
ants to be embarrassed by any construction
of law given by my honorable friend from
Indiana, or by the action of the House on
this kill-
Mr. KERR. Mr. Speaker, I do not agree
with the gentleman from New York [Mr. Cox]
in reference to bis construction of that repeal-
ing act; but I think it has nothing to do with
the discussion. My sole aim is to state what
the law now is and has been construed to be.
In that I am clearly right. I know of no de-
cision to the contrary made by Justice Clifford
or any other judge. It is the obvious, natural,
and logical construction of the law.
I do not think, Mr. Speaker, it is material
for us now to indulge in this digression. At
any rate the question for us now to consider is,
whether it is the duty of the House to concur
with the Senate in the amendments which the
Senate has made to this bill. I understand all
these amendments are merely verbal, pertain-
ing alone to the phraseology of the bill, save
one, and that is material, proposing an in-
crease in the number of officers to be appointed
by this bureau. To that amendment of the
Senate I am opposed, and I believe the com-
mittee is opposed, perhaps unanimously.
I am opposed to it primarily because I do
not believe it is good policy .to create any such
additional officers; and secondly, because—•
and I wish the House to understand this fact—
the Commissioner himself when before the
committee stated to the committee the appoint-
ment of these additional officers was not neces-
sary, that he could well get along without them.
He could employ them, if they were author-
ized by the law to be appointed. We all
understand how these things go. He could
employ   thousand additional officers, and
friends would come in by ten thousands who
would be willing to fill those offices, whether
required by the necessities of the revenue or
not. But they are not necessary to be appointed,
and therefore ought not to be appointed. I do
not understand why the Senate made the amend-
ment. It ought never to be inserted in the bill;
and I hope the House will refuse to concur in
it. So much time is given him to execute this
system—over six months—that it cannot be
that he will need any such additional force of
detective officers. He has twenty-five of them
already, and they are continued. He surely
needs no more.
Mr. DAWES. I do not believe there will be
any objection to concur in all of the Senate
amendments except the one in reference to
Treasury agents, and I hope the question will
be out on them all except that one.
The SPEAKER. The Chair hears no ob-
jection to taking the vote on concurring in all
the Senate amendments except the one in ref-
erence to Treasury agents.
There was no objection ; and it was ordered
accordingly.
The amendments of the Senate were con-
curred in.
The Clerk read the remaining amendment
I of the Senate, as follows:
Insert these words:
I That section fifty be so amended as to authorize
the appointment of twenty-five additional revenue
i agents until July 1,1874.
| Mr. DAWES. The pending question is on
| the amendment in reference to Treasury agents,
| on which I should like to say a word or two.
Before proceeding to that point, however, I
' will say, in answer to the gentleman from New
J York, [Mr. Cox,] it was not the intention of
i the committee who reported this bill to reenact
any provision of the law of succession and
legacy which had been repealed. I hope be-
fore Congress shall adjourn that will be made
a clear and separate bill.
Mr. MAYNARD. Pardon me a moment.
I hope he will invoke the attention of the
House to the amendment, so we shall have the
moral effect of the actual decision of the House,
in order that it may not be understood we
passed on the subject only pro forma.
Mr. DAWES. Before I say anything, as
the motion to concur takes precedence of a
motion to non-concur, I suggest an amend-
ment ought to be made to the amendment if
we are to concur in it, in order to make it
clear. It reads, "that section fifty be so
amended as to authorize the appointment of
twenty-five additional revenue agents until
July 1, 1874." It ought to read " to serve
until July 1, 1874, unless sooner removed."
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. I should like
further to amend the gentleman's amendment,
although I expect to vote against the whole
thing. I move to add after the words " whose
term of office shall not extend beyond the 1st
of July, 1874," these words:
And whose compensation shall not exceed five
dollars per day for the time they are actually en-
gaged in the service of the Government, and their
necessary traveling expenses.
Mr. DAWES. I wish to state in reference
to my amendment that the provision was in
the original bill because it was the wish of
the Commissioner to expedite as speedily as
possible this consolidation. It requires the
removal of all the papers and records of the
assessors—a portion of them to the office of
the collector and a portion of them to the
office here in Washington. The Committee
of Ways and Means, before whom the Com-
missioner appeared, were opposed to this pro-
vision. He thought be needed it, but so strong
was he in the belief that this was a wise and
necessary measure, that rather than imperil
the passage of the measure he Btated to us that
he would try to get along without this. The
bill having gone to the other body, the Com-
missioner looked the matter over, and is still
desirous of the services of these men for one
year for that purpose. The Senate have put
it into the bill. If the House non-concur it
will go to a committee of conference. If we
concur that will pass the bill.
I think that if the Commissioner can have
these Treasury agents he will complete this
work a great deal sooner than without them.
