2116
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
former occupants of the present military re-
servation at Point San Jos6j in the city and
county of San Francisco.
The bill was read.  
Mr. HOLMAN. I hope this bill will be
laid aside. It has never been before any com-
mittee of the House.
Mr. COGHLAN. ' It has been before a com-
mittee of the Senate, and is a just bill.
Mr. COB URN. I desire to offer an amend-
ment to the bill.
Mr. NEGLEY. It ought not to pass. It
has been rejected by the Military Committee.
Mr. COBURN. I desire to offer an amend-
ment striking out all that part of the bill which
provides for the payment of real estate, and
leaving so much as provides for the payment
of improvements.
The SPEAKER. The Chair must hold that
where a separate question is asked on any
amendments they cannot be admitted.
Mr. COBURN. I am not asking a separate
vote on the bill. I ask that my amendment
be read.
Mr. COGHLAN. I desire to ask if amend-
ments can be offered to the bill ?
Mr. COBURN. I object to debate.
Mr. COGHLAN. I do not care whether
the gentleman objects or not. I am asking a
parliamentary question.
Mr. POTTER. This amendment cannot
be considered ; it is really a contrivance to
destroy the bill.
Mr. COGHLAN. I ask if a single objection
will not prevent its reception 1
The SPEAKER. It will not; the Chair
has held that if a vote be asked upon a bill it
must be returned to the table unless there be
a two-thirds vote in favor of its passage.
Mr. COBURN. Let my amendment be
read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Strike out from the enacting clause and substitute
the following:
That the several persons, their heirs, grantees, as-
signs, or legal representative who, when themilitary
authorities of the United States took possession and
entered into the occupation of the lands within the
present limits of the military reservation at Point
San JosS, in the city of San Francisco, in the State
of California, were in possession of portions thereof
by themselves, their tenants or agents shall becom-
pensated by the United States for the improvements
upon said lands of which they were respectively
deprived when they were taken possession of as
aforesaid; and the compensation shall be the cash
value of said improvements at that time. And the
Court of Claims ishereby authorized to ascertain such
values, and any and alljudgmentsfor such amounts
shall be paid out of any moneys appropriated or
hereafter to be appropriated to pay judgments
rendered by said courts: Provided, however, That
no suit shall be brought by virtue of the provisions
of this act unless the same be instructed within
twelve months from the passage thereof: And pro-
vided further, That the sums allowed in the aggre-
gate for said improvements shall not exceed $40,000.
Mr. KERR. I rise to a question of order,
and it is whether this substitute is itself in
order ?
The SPEAKER. We are practically acting
under a suspension of the rules, and the gen-
tleman from Indiana [Mr. Coburn] moves to
suspend the rules and pass this bill with this
substitute. If it be negatived the Chair will
immediately put the vote on the bill.
The question was put on Mr. Cobttrn's
motion; and there were—ayes 27, noes 52 ;
no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Coqhlan and
Mr. CoBnES were appointed. The House
divided ; and the tellers reported—ayes thirty-
seven, noes not counted.
So the substitute was not agreed to.
The question recurred on the passage of the
bill, and (two thirds not voting in favor there-
of) the bill resumed its place on the Speaker's
table.
order oe business.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is pressed by
gentlemen who are interested in bills which
are considerably down in the pile of bills on the
table, to make this suggestion: there are a
great many bills about which no member on the
floor feels any interest. Tko Chair will have
the titles of the bills read, and if any gentleman
desires a bill passed he will rise and indi-
cate it; if not, the bill will be laid aside.
recess.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I desire to offer
the resolution which I send to the Clerk's desk
in reference to the order of business.
The Clerk read as follows :
Resolved,'That after the recess taken until to-
morrow morning no business snail be transacted
except signing and reporting of enrolled bills and
the consideration of conference reports.
Mr. RANDALL. That is right.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. If we do not
do it, we shall have a scramble here for the
floor in useless attempts to legislate when it
is too late.
Several Members. Oh, no.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I am willing to
say after ten o'clock.
Several Members. Oh ! no.
The question was taken on the resolution of
Mr. Garfield, of Ohio, and it was agreed to.
Mr. HALE moved to reconsider the vote by
which the resolution was adopted ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The Chair then advises
gentlemen that all the business which they
desire to do must be done to-night.
lodis gkignon.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was Senate bill No. 784, confirming the title
of Louis Grignon to a certain tract of land at
Green Bay, Wisconsin.
The bill, which was read, confirms the claim
of Louis Grignon to a certain tract of land at
Green Bay, Wisconsin, situated in township
twenty-four north, of range twenty east of the
fourth principal meridian, lying on the west
bank of Fox river,' between the claim of
Alexis Gardapier, as confirmed and finally
surveyed, and the claim of said Louis Grig-
non, as surveyed and patented, (said tract hav-
ing been excluded from the final survey of the
said claim of Louis Grignon because within
the former Fort Howard military reservation,)
and authorizes the Commissionerof the General
Land Office to cause the tract of land to be
surveyed at the expense of the parties in in
terest, and to issue a patent therefor in favor
of the said Louis Grignon, subject to such
legal transfers or assignments as may have
been made by him or by his heirs or assigns
according to the provisions of the fifth section
of the act of Congress approved February 21
1823, entitled "An act to revive and coutinue
in force certain acts for the adjustment of
land claims in the Territory of Michigan
such survey and patent to be held as a relin-
quishment on the part of the United States,
and as in no way impairing any valid adverse
rights, if such exist.
Mr. UPSON. I am authorized by the Com
mittee on Private Land Claims to request that
this bill be passed.
Mr. HOLMAN. I hope there will be no
objection to some explanation of this bill. It
does not state any amount of land. I hope
there is some letter or report that will explain
this bill.
Mr. UPSON. I have a letter from the Com-
missioner of the General Land Office.
Mr. HOLMAN. 1 hope it will be read.
The letter was as follows :
Department of the Interior,
General Land Office,
Washington, D. C., February 12,1873.
Sik: At the request of Hon. T. 0. Howe, United
States Senate, I nave the honor to transmit here-
with Senate bill No. 784, Forty-Second Congress,
second session, entitled "A bill confirming the title
of Louis Grignon to a certain tract of land at Green
Bay, "Wisconsin.
The claim of Louis Grignon was on the 14th of
April, 1821, filed with the Board of Land Commis-
sioners appointed under the act of May 11,1820, (3
Stats., p, 572.) to examine land claims in the Terri-
tory of Michigan and reported by said commis-
sioners in t'fteir report C"ntiv'iieiJ 1b aws'"®
Papers, (Public Lands, D. Green's edition,) vol. 4, p.
855: as follows:
"Farm lot No. 2 west—Louift Grignon.
"Entry of land made this 14th day of April, 1821.
by Louis Grignon, which is described as follows,
namely, it being lot No. 2 on the west side of iox
river, and is bounded on the north by a strip ot
vacant land lying between this tract and tract No. 1,
on the south by land claimed by Pierre Grignon,
and is twenty-one chains and fifty links in width,
and extends from Fox river on the east westward far
enough to contain one section of land.
"Testimony.
" Jaques Porlier, being duly sworn, deposeth and
saith that Amable Roy cultivated a part of the
above-deseribed premises in the year 1805, and con-
tinued to cultivate the same by a half-breed Indian,
who was considered as a slave, until about nineteen
years ago, when said Koydied; that the adminis-
trator on said estate of Amable Roy left the above-
described tract of land to the heirs; that the above
named Louis Grignon is a descendant of the wife of
the said Amable Roy; that since the late war he
has seen Louis G-rignon cut hay on said premises;
that Pierre and Louis Grignon claimed the right of
cutting hay between the iwo maraises above and
below the house of George Johnson, who now resides
on said track.
*' Additional testimony.
"Louis Graville and Louis Dequire, being duly
sworn, depose and say that the above-described tract
of land, claimed by Louis Grignon, was occupied
[about] more than forty years ago by Amable Roy,
whose wife was the aunt of Louis Grignon;_ that
said Roy continually occupied the same until his
death, which happened about twenty years ago: that
since that time Louis Grignon has claimed the right
to said lands as heir to said Roy, and occupied the
same by cutting hay until George Johnson took pos-
session of it, which was two years ago."
A part of the above-named claim was confirmed
by the third section of the act of February 21,1823,
(3 Statutes, page 724,) but the northern part, as then
and now claimed, was not confirmed, it being within
the limits of Fort Howard military reservation, and
the confirmatory act expressly providing that no
claim should be confirmed thereby which was then
reserved for public uses. The southern and con-
firmed portion of the claim, however, was duly sur-
veyed by United States Deputy Surveyor John Mul-
lettin 1828, designated on the books of this office as
lot No. 2, containing four hundred and fourteen and
twenty-two hundredths acres, and patented on the
5th of November, 1829. ^ .
It appears from the foregoing that the claim or
Louis Grignon, as presented to the land commis-
sioners, was twenty-one chains and fifty links wide
and extended west from the Fox river far enough,
with that width, to include six hundred and forty
acres of land, but that the tract confirmed to him
and subsequently patented was butsevcntccn chains
and sixty-one links wide, and contained but four
hundred and fourteen acres and twenty-two hun-
dredths of an acre. It also appears by the records
of this office that the claim of Pierre Grignon, de-
scribed by the land commissioners as the southern
boundary of Louis Grignon's tract, was patented
November 5, 1829, and, as patented, adjoins the
patented claim of Louis Grignon on the south.
Hence I conclude that to find the true width of the
last-named claim as reported by the land commis-
sioners, the twenty-one chains and fifty links should
be measured from the southern boundary of Louis
Grignon's patented tract northerly, in a straight
line running at right angles with said southern
boundary. This would include all the land men-
tioned in the bill under consideration, as it appears
by our records that the width of Louis Grignon's
patented tract is but seventeen chains and sixty-one
links, and the width of the narrow strip, for which
confirmation is now sought, but three chains and
eighty-three links, making a total of twenty-one
chains and forty-four links, or six links less than
the width of the claim as described by the commis-
sioners. It further appears that the addition of
this tract on the north to the four hundred and
fourteen and twenty-two hundredths acres already
patented to Louis Grignon would include a total
of nearly six hundred and forty acres, the area of
the claim according to the report of the commis-
sioneis.
I have carefully examined all the papers and cor-
respondence on the rccords and files of this office
relative to this case, and find no reason why the
tract mentioned in this bill was excluded from the
claim of Louis Grignon except that when it was
before Congress, in 1823, it was within the military
reservation for Fort Howard; and as this reserva-
tion was, on the 4th day of December. 1850, declared
no longer necessary for military purposes, and by
act of March 3,18(53, (12 Stats., p. 771,) was directed
to be subdivided and disposed of; and as no dispo-
sition has been made of the tract now elaimed by
Grignon, I know of no objection to the passage of
this bill, which appears to contain provision5? simi-
lar to those contained in acts of August 18, 18~>(5,
(11 Stats., p. 469,) and June 13,1860, (12 Stats., p.857,)
which confirm the title of claims wholly within the
former Fort Howard military reservation.
A diagram of Louis Grignon's claim, as above
mentioned, is herewith inclosed.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
WCLLIS DRUMMOND,
(hftiMfitioni r.
Hon. William II. Upson. (Jha'rman Comma i < ^ <><*
Prioate Land Claim*. JXov.sp, of R<,
Wi'lt'itgion, Pi (!.
