192
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 13,
and that tbey are needed for that purpose. I
make this statement on behalf of th« Commis-
sioner; and when 1 stated, when the bill was
brought here, that it had this to recommend
it, that it did not increase in <w y vay what-
ever the number of officers, I was repeating
in that respect the unanimous opinion of the
Committee of Ways and Means. I make this
statement in justice to tbe Comnftrasianer,
because bis whole heart and goal is ita the
work of curtailing these expenses and these
officials, and he desires the aid, which it seems
to me wise and proper to give him, of these
agents in order to bring that round. The
Senate have limited their services to a year,
and that remedies to a great extent any appre-
hension that they will be fastened upon the
Treasury.
Mr. KERR. A year and a half.
Mr. DAWES. The design is for the year.
I see. however, that the words are " till the
1st of July, 1874." That wonkl be s year
and a half.
Mr. RANDALL. I desire to direct the
attention of the gentleman from Massachu-
setts to the fact- that this bill continues the
assessors in office for six months, and a great
many assistant assessors. I maintain that
there is no possible necessity for any increase
in your officers. You have your assessors.
You have in most of the districts assistant
assessors acting until the very time to which
you provide that the term of these twenty-five
additional officers shall continue, and they
can very readily perform that service. You
have men now in every respect qualified, and
why have another set of officers to roam
around the country and cost the Government
an additional amount for mileage? There is
not, to my mind, the semblance of an excuse
for this.
Mr. E. H. ROBERTS. This is a proposi-
tion to increase offifcers With, a roving com-
mission, a class of officers, always objection-
able. It is the duty of those who ask For the
increase to demonstrate the necessity for it,
What necessity is there for this increase?'
Under this bill it is proposed to dispense with
the services of the assessors and assistant as-
sessors ; and it is claimed that the labor of
these additional revenue agents is necessary
to facilitate that work. But at the same time
there has been a great reduction in the work
now required of the existing revenue agents.
Not only have taxes been abolished, but the
tobacco tax has been so far simplified that
their work is already greatly reduced.
Then there are but two hundred and thirty
districts in which this process is to go on.
There are ten supervisors, and there are
twenty-five revenue agents. There is then but
the work of seven districts for each of the
existing officers, and they have she months to
do it in ; or, if the supervisors are required for
other wo*-k, there is the work oaly of nine dis-
tricts for the existing revenue agenda. It does
not seem to me that the need of these addi-
tional agents has been shown. Ob the con-
trary, tbe. Commissioner -stated ,before the
committee that be would try to get along
without them. If the House shall non-concur
in the amendment the bill will be cleaner upon
its face. I think we will better facilitate the
work of reducing expenses if we shall refuse
to concur in this amendment. I hope, there-
fore, the.House will refuse concurrence.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, rose.
Mr. KELLOGG. 1 ask the gentleman from
Massachusetts to yield to me for a moment.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I yield
to tbe gentleman for a moment.
HIRAM W. HAYD1N.
Mr. KELLOGG. I desire to enter amotion
to reconsider the vote by which the bill (S.
No. 1152) for the relief of Hiram W. Hayden
was rejected.
Mr. RANDALL. I desire to call the at-
tention of the Speaker to one matter, the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts yielded for the
motion to reconsider to be made.
The SPEAKER. No ; he yielded for the
motion to be entered.
Mr. RANDALL. Well, If the motion be
entered, is it not in order for any member to
move to lay it on the table?
The SPEAKER. It has been the uniform
and unbroken practice of the House for fifty
years to allow a motion to reconsider to be
entered, and when it is called up for considera-
tion it will then be la order for any gentleman
to move to lay the motion to reconsider upon
the table.
Mr. DAWE8. And it is a much safer time
to make the motion.
MESSAGE FROta THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Stmp-
son, one of its clerks, announced that the
Senate had passed bills of the following titles ;
in which the concurrence of the House was
requested:
An act (S. No. 1242) to authorize the pur-
chase of an addition to the post office building
in Boston; and
An act (S. No. 1343) to authorize the con-
struction of a steam passenger and freight
elevator in the north end of the Capitol.
The message further announced that the
Senate had passed without amendment House
bills of the following titles :
An act (H. R. No. 3123) to authorize the
Secretary of the Navy to transport in a Gov-
ernment vessel free of duty a monument de-
signed by Admiral Porter, to be erected in
the grounds of the Naval Academy at Annap-
olis in memory of the officers, seamen, and
marines of the Navy who fell in defense of
the Union; and
An act (H. R. No. 3130) for the relief of
Scales & Manning, of Nashville, Tennessee.
The message also announced that in the
absence of the Vice President the Senate had
chosen as President pro tempore Hon. Henry
B. Anthony, a Senator from Rhode Island.
IPTEHNAL RBVHNUB QFFICJBR8.
The House then resumed the consideration
of the amendmtntB1 of tbe. Senate to the bill
(H. R. No. 2994 therfedootion of officers
and expenses of iat*rnat revenua.
Mr. BUTLER, of MaesttihusBttB; Mr.
Speaker, the gentleman from New York [Mr.
E. IL Roberts] has stated very property that
the House should know what aire the special
needs of the department' for these revenue
agents, aod why we should increase the Dum-
ber temporarily. I would not vote for such
an increase for any great length of time, and
with your leave I will state what I understand
to bethe necessity for these officers. In tbe
consolidation of internal revenue offices
there will be two hrondred and twenty assessors
to be settled with, their papers gathered up,
their accounts adjusted, their work inspected,
and tbeir offices closed. Tbey cannot be
closed within any reasonable time with the
present force ; and when the Commissioner of
Internal ReTenue tells us that he will try to
get along with the present force, it is, as the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means has told as, in order to save this bill.
Now, I think that this will be an actual
measure of economy. These assessors are
about to go oat of office and they will be under
gre&t temptation not to do their duty as effi-
ciently as before, and the additional work of
supervising their closing labors will be one
requirement for this additional force.
I state a fact which is familiar to the House
when I say there are one hundred collectors
published' to-day upon our records as default-
ers simply because there has been no force
in the internal revenue department to settle
their accounts and look after the abatement of
taxes, where there was in fact no defalcation
whatever. I think the necessity of settling up
promptly with these officers must be seen by
the House, and I think the United States will
realize a great deal by the promptness with
which these matters are brought to a close.
We derive so large a revenue from the dis-
tilleries of the country and the temptations to
fraud in that business are so great that they
require peculiar safeguards. A roving agent
is better for the supervision of the business
than one who resides in the neighborhood,
and who may be improperly influenced locally
by the capitalists controlling the distilleries.
These roving agents are not subject to local,
political, and other influences, and I think it
will be for the advantage of the revenue of the
United States to have this force employed.
While for one I would not peril this bill by
insisting on the amendment, because I am
always willing to take half a loaf rather than
no bread, yet I am very sure that if tbe House
will consider the portion of the country from
which the opposition comes, that portion of the
country which is especially engaged in distill-
ing, they will see why so strong an influence
is brought to bear upon all of us to ret rid of
this additional force. I have myself Deen lob-
bied upon this question, and know that no man
comes to lobby with me unless he wants to get
some advantage, and therefore I know and feel
that in the interregnum which will exist for six
months if we fail to provide for this force a
large amount of whisky will escape taxation.
All I want is an honest administration of the
law. All I desire is an honest and efficient
collection of the revenue. I do not mean to
say that the whisky distillers are any worse or
better than other men; I only mean to say
that they are under greater temptation than
many others. So with the tobacco manufac-
turers. Very large amounts of money are
dependent upon the efficiency of our officers
in this regard.
We are about to take aWa;y the whole police
inspection of revenue all over the country;
we are going to substitute only one man for
many thousand square miles of territory in
the shape of a revenue agent. Heretofore
the collector has acted merely as cashier and
treasurer of these collection districts. The
assessor and assistant assessors have been the
police to prevent fraud. Now, to take away
all that police and leave only one man within
a thousand miles of territory to police all this
one hundred and sixty or one hundred and
seventy-five million dollars of revenue, I
appeal to the good judgment of this House
upon tM# matter, whether it is not a very
small percentage, an infinitesimal percent-
age, that these revenue agents would cost
during the time of their service ; less than the
expense of a'single day of the loss we should
make by reason of want of proper supervision
of the revenue.
Mr. SHEJLLABARGER. Of course we all
desire to avoid this additional force if it is not
necessary-. Now, the language conunonly used
is this: owing to the reduction of our internal
taxes there is room for a great reduction in
the needed officers of the Department here, in
the force that was provided when the labor to be
performed was so much greater; that reduc-
tion in the work has made unnecessary a large
force in employment here. Now, I desire to
ask if it is not practicable, cither under exist-
ing law or under some amendment to existing
la'w, to detail a portion of the force now em-
ployed and unnecessary in the Department
here, for the purpose of this bill ? Why may
not that'be done? It is upon that point 1
desire to hare some information.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, The
answer to that question is that these officers
cannot be detailed for that purpose, because
they would not be revenue agents, only clerks.
Mr. KERR. I desire to say in reply to the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Shellabarger] that
it has been distinctly stated to the Committee
of Ways and Means by the Commissioner of
Internal Revenue that since the many reduc-
tions in the excise taxes, and the greatly im-
proved facilities for collecting what remain, by
