1X56
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 6,
no corporations authorized to construct rail-
roads through them, I would then ask when
will a State be organized? When will they
have population sufficient to entitle them to
admission as a State? A railroad is the
pioneer to open up the country to improve-
ment and population.
The doctrine contended for by the gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mr. IIoAlt] and the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Potter] was
not the doctrine which at an early day pre-
vailed in most of our States. Our forefathers
were more enterprising than those who repre-
sent their sons here to-day. They saw the
necessity of organizing such corporations as
these, and they were organized. And our older
States are to-day as I would like to see
Wyoming and Montana and all the other Ter-
ritories, provided with net-works of railways.
Now, with the safeguards which are con-
tained in the two amendments which have been
offered to this bill, the one putting the full
pQwer of amendment, alteration, or repeal
into the hands of Congress, and the other
makiug this corporation subject to the Legis-
lature of such State-as may be organized from
this Territory, it seems to me we give full power
of supervision to the legislative authority of
Congress and of the State.
I have no doubt that the law would be as
stated in the amendment of the gentleman
from Vermont, [Mr. Willard,] that this arti-
ficial person now created by the power of the
Government of the United States would, after
the organization of State governments within
those Territories, be subject to the local law
like natural persons.
As our time is limited, and we have a num-
ber of other bills to report, I ask the previous
question.
Mr. POTTER. I wish the gentleman would
yield to me two or three minutes before he
calls the previous question, that I may reply
to him.
Mr. COX. I hope the bill will be open to
amendment.
Mr. STORM. Pending the call for the pre-
vious question, I move that the bill be laid on
the table.
The question being taken on the motion of
Mr. Storm, there were—ayes 46, noes 59; no
quorum voting.
Mr. STORM called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 72, nays' 98, not voting
70; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Ambler, Aroher, Arthur, Erasmus
W, Beck, Jauies B. Beck, Bingham, Braxton, Buf-
fin ton, Rurehard, Benjamin'Butler, Cox, Crebs,
Crossland, Dawes, Dodds, Ely, Finkelnburg, Henry
Foster, Garfield, Garrett, Getz, Giddings, Griffith,
Hale, Iiambleton, Handley, Hanks, Joseph R.Haw-
ley, Huys, Hereford, Ilerndon, Hibbard. Hoar, Hol-
man, Kerr, Keteham, Kiliinger, Lewis, Maelntyre,
Manson, MeUormick, MeHenry, Merrick, Monroe.
Morgan, William E. Niblack, Hosea W. Parker,
Perry, Potter, Randall, Read, Ritchie. Ellis II.
Roberts, William R. Roberts, Shellabarger, Sloss,
bpeer, Starkweather, Stevens, Stevenson, Storm,
Ihornas, Turner, Tyner, Upson, Van Trump, Voor-
hees, Waketnan, WilJard, Winchester, Wood, and
youhk-^72.
nays—Messrs. Averill, Banks, Barber, Barry,
Biggs, Bird, Boles, Buckley, Bunnell, Roderick R.
Butler, Caldwell, Cobb, Coburn, Conger, Conner,
gotten, Crocker, Darrall, Davis, Dickey, Donnan,
Sni t?°t?' Duke, Dunnell, £ames, Elliott,
Wilder D. Foster, Erye, Golladay, Iialsey, Hancock,
Harmer, Harper, John T. Harris, John B. Hawley,
Gerry W. Hazelton, John W. Hazelton, Jlill, Hough-
ton, Keiley, Kellogg, Kendall, King, Lamison, Lan-
sing# Leach.MeCrary.McGrew, McJunkin, McKee,
MeKinney, Memaoi, Benjamin F. Meyers, Mitchell,
m& ffi ,i^onianl Myers, Negley, Silas L.
Niblack, Packard, Packer, Palmer, Isaac C. Parker,
Pendleton, Porter^ Pnndle, Bailey, Si on H. Rogers
Roosevelt, Rusk, Sargent, Sawyer, Scofield, Sessions
Shanks, Sheldon, Shoemaker, Slater, H. ioardman
mmi- v/oha 4i* ktoughton, St. John, Sypher.
Taffe, Terry, Twichell, Waddell, Walden Waldron
Wallace. Warren, Wells, Wfriteley, Williams 0/
wflrfon~98 imS °f KeW Y°rk' and John T*
NOT VOTIim-Messrs. Acker, Adams, Ames,
Barnum, Beatty, Bell. Bigby, Austin Blair, James
G. £Iair, Boarman, Bright, Brooks, Burdett, 6amp-
bell, Carroll, Clarke, Coghlan, Comiijgo, Creely
Critcher, Eldredge, JSsty, Farnswortb, Sarwell, por-
ker, Charles Foster, Goodrich, Haldeman, George E.
Harris, Havens. Hay, Hooper, Kinsella, Lamport,
Lowe. Lynch, Marshall, Maynard, McClelland, Mc-
Ne'ely. Moore, Orr, Peek. Perce, Peters, Piatt, Po-
land, Price, Edward Y. Rice, John M. Rice, Itobin-
son, John Eogers, Seeley, Sherwood, Shober. Slo-
cum.Worthington C. Smith, Snapp, Snyder, Sprague,
Stowell, Sutherland, Swann, Bwight Townsend,
Washington'l'ownsend, Tuthill. Vaughan, Wheeler,
Whitthorne, and Jeremiah M. Wilson—70.
So the bill was not laid on the table.
The SPEAKER. The question now recurs
on ordering the previous question upon the
engrossment and third reading of this bill.
order of business.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I rise to move
that the House resolve itself into the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the Post Office appropria-
tion bill.
Mr. BANKS. I rise to call up a bill which
has been made a special order to-day to the
exclusion of all other business.
The SPEAKER.. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Gakfield] rises to move that the House
resolve itself into the Committee of the Whole
on the Post Office appropriation bill. The
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Banks,]
chairman of the Committee on Foreign Affairs,
is entitled to the floor on a bill which has been
made a special order for two o'clock to-day to
the exclusion of all other business what-
ever—Senate bill No. 472 to amend the con-
sular system of the United States. The gen-
tleman from Massachusetts, however, wishes
to occupy the House, not upon that bill, but
upon the bill to carry out the provisions of the
treaty of Washington with reference to the
fisheries.
union pacific railroad.
Mr. SHELLABARGER, by unanimous
consent, submitted the following resolution ;
which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the select committee of the House
appointed to investigate matters connected with the
Union Pacific Railroad Company, of which Hon. J.
M. WiLsosis chairman, be authorized to consider
the testimony taken by the select committee of this
House of which Hon. Luke P. Poland is chairman,
in so far as such Evidence may be competent and
necessary tor the purposes for which said first-named
committee wa,s appointed.
okdeit of business.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts, chairman of the Committee on For-
eign Affairs, desires to make a statement touch-
ing the business of the day.
Mr. BANKS. I ask that the special order
may be stated, and I will then submit a motion
in regard to it.
The SPEAKER. The special order for this
day, at two o'clock p. m., to the exclusion of
all other business whatever, is the considera-
tion of Senate bill No. 472, to amend the con-
sular system of the United States, on which
the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Banks]
is entitled to the floor.
Mr. BANKS. Mr. Speaker, this bill, to the
consideration of which the Committee on
Foreign Affairs has given a great deal of time,
proposes to rearrange the salaries of our con-
sular system, diminishing some and increasing
others. The examination of the subject has
brought to the attention of the committee the
fact that this bill as it affects almost each con-
sulate under the Government is unsatisfactory,
and so many amendments have been suggested
'by members of the House that we are disin-
clined at present to press the consideration
of the measure, believing that we can come
to no satisfactory result. Therefore, waiving
the condition that the bill shall be a special
order to the exclusion of all other matters,
which condition will be exhausted in the pre-
sentation of the question at this time, I ask
the House to postpone this special order for
two weeks j with the understanding I have
already suggested, that it is not probable we
shall press the matter upon the consideration
i of the House. I hope the House will consent
| to that.
Ip Mr, GARFIELD, of Ohio, I understand
the gentleman from Massachusetts does not
insist that when it does come up it shall be to
the exclusion of all other orders.
Mr. BANKS. I merely move that it be
postponed to the day indicated and be the
special order for that day.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman merely
moves its postponement to be made a special
order and not to be taken up to the exclusion
of all other business.
There was no objection, and it was ordered
accordingly.
peter dunn and others.
Mr. WAKEMAN, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 3846) for the
relief of Peter Dunn and others ; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee ot Claims.
fisheries.
Mr. BANKS. I will now call up the special
order, being a bill (H. R. No. 488) to carry
into effect the provisions of the treaty between
the United States and Great Britain, signed
in the city of Washington the 8th day of Say,
1871, relating to the fisheries. It has been
the special order for this day and from day to
day until disposed of, but if the House prefers
to go into Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union for the purpose of taking up
and considering the Post Office appropiiation
bill, 1 will not object to its going over. I will
yield the floor to the gentleman from Ohio to
make his motion to go into committee, and on
that motion the sense of the House can be
tested whether it prefers to go into committee
or to proceed with the consideration of the
special order.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I more that
the rules be suspended and the House resolve
itself into Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union to proceed with the considera-
tion of the Post Office appropriation bill.
The SPEAKER. The bill reported from
the Committee on Foreign Affairs by the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Banks] to
carry into effect the provisions of the treaty
between the United States and Great Britain,
signed in the city of Washington the 8th of
May, 1871, relating to the fisheries, comes
up as the special order to-day after the morn-
ing hour. It is the special order to-day, as
it has been for every day for the last six
months.
Mr. BANKS. I am ready to proceed with
the consideration of the bill at this time; but,
as I have stated, I am willing to test the sense
of the House as to whether we shall go into
committee or proceed with the consideration
of this bill.
The SPEAKER. If the House goes into
committee this will not be the special order.
Mr. BANKS. I ask the House to consider
whether they will go into committee 6r go on
with this bill. Its consideration will take but
a short time so far as the Committee on For-
eign Affairs is concerned.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. But it
will take some time before we pass the biil.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
has submitted the motion that the rules be
suspended and the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union to take up and consider the Post
Office appropriation bill. Should the House
refuse to go into committee, the Chair will take
it as indication of a desire to proceed with
the consideration of the bill relating to the
fisheries.
Mr. PALMER. Pending the motion to go
into committee, I move that all debate on the
pending paragraph and the amendments thereto
shall be limited to half an hour.
Mr. TWICHELL. Is it proper to ask for
half an hour of general debate on the bill ?
The SPEAKER. That will require unan-
imous copsent. 1 he committee is now under
the five-minutes rule, and it is in order to limit
that debate. The pending question is on the
