1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
193
reason of the different laws which we have
euacted within the last few years, and the im-
provements in the practical administration of
the bureau, the remaining duties may be per-
formed most conveniently, and without any
injury to the service, by detailing these other
officers for their performance. We understood
him to say distinctly tbat the service would
suffer nothing either in the practical perform-
ance of those duties, or in the reveuue, or in
the loss of auy of the existing safeguards, or
securities against fraud.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. Then I shall vote
against this amendment.
Mr. KERR. I would like to say one or two
things more before I sit down. I think the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Butler]
is under several very erroneous impressions
about this bill. In the first place he seems to
have the impression that there is now realized
about $175,000,000 of internal revenue an-
nually. I thiuk the revenue from internal
taxes for the past fiscal year will not exceed
$130,000,000. I believe I am right in that.
Mr. DAWES. It was about $130,000,000
last year.
Mr. KERR. Well, daring the current fiscal
year it will be about $110,000,000. There-
fore the amount of labor, as evidenced by the
amount of revenue, has been greatly reduced.
But still more effective gain in this respect
arises from improvements in the system, re-
ducing the labor of the bureau. Then it has
been suggested that this additional force had
to be created because it is important to close
up the affairs of these assessors as soon as
possible ; and the gentleman from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Butler] intimates to the House
that these wandering revenue officers or detect-
ives are 10 be detailed to perform the duty of
settling up the accounts of these assessors and
revenue officers.
Now, I want to say to the House that these
agents are to have nothing to do with this
business of settlement; they have no connec-
tion with it. They are never called upon by
the chief of the bureau to make these settle-
ments. They are made in the bureau by the
clerks of the bureau, and by the Commis-
sioner himself. These officers are created for
entirely differeut duties, and their duties are
almost entirely supervisory and detective,
hardly ever clerical in any sense whatever.
Mr. BUTLER, ef Massachusetts. When-
ever there is any trouble with the accounts of
the assessor or collector, is not a revenue
agent sent to investigate tbem?
Mr. KGRR. No, sir. It is true that some-
times, when the trouble relates to some local
facts or matter that need to be inquired into
upon the premises, a revenue agent is sent
out; but tbat is not the ordinary course.
Ordinarily those agents have nothing at all to
do with such matters. But if these agents are
required for the purpose of enabling the de-
partment to settle the accounts of tbese out-
going officers, then do not gentlemen see that
it results of necessity that the additional force
would only be needed for six months iustead
of eighteen, because under this bill these
officers must go out by the 1st of July next?
But this provision contemplates the contin-
uance of these agents for eighteen months, or
until the 1st of July, 1874, which is wholly
unnesessary in any view of the case.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Suppose
an assessor whom we are going to turn out of
office .does not choose to send in his papers
and books, how is the department going to
get them unless by sending a revenue agent
for them ?
Mr. KERR. Let the collector be sent for
them—he is an officer of the revenue depart-
ment and is subject to its orders—or let some of
the existing Treasury agents be sent for them.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. But he
has no power under the law, while the revenue
agent by law can be detailed directly from the
department for that purpose.
42d Cong. 3d Sess.—No. 13.
Mr. KERR. The revenue agent has the
power because the Commissioner gives it to
him under the law-
Mr. BUTLElt, of Massachusetts. But the
collector has not the power unless he be made
a revenue agent.
Mr. KERR. The law does not say what
all his powers shall be; he is to assist the
Commissioner in many ways which he may
prescribe in the rules and regulations of his
department. There can be no material diffi-
culty of this kind, because the Commissioner
may appeal, as the exigencies may seem to
require, for assistance either to the United
States marshal or attorney, or to the collector,
or to the existing Treasury agent. Therefore,
I say the case the gentleman puts is hardly ever
likely to occur ; and if such cases should eccur,
they will never call for twenty five of these
wandering officers to go over the country to
rescue the books of these outgoing officers from
their hands. We are not to assume that these
assessors are thieves, or that they will try to
conceal or destroy the records of their offices.
On the contrary we are to assume that they
will properly and lawfully surrender all those
books and records whenever they are called
upon. But if they do not, duplicates of nearly
all their books are now in the department.
They are making records from day to day and
from month to month, and sending them to
the department; so that they cannot swindle
the Government out of much, even if they
should attempt that mode of doing it. But it
is grossly unjust fp,r us to condemn* these
officers in this manner in advance.
The geutleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Butler] makes another most remarkable sug-
gestion—that somebody has an interest in
lobbying here against the enactment of this
particular amendment of the Senate ; and he
states that he has himself been lobbied with by
somebody who desires that these twenty-five
officers shall not be provided for under this
bill. Now, I have the honor to be a member
of the Committee of Ways and Meaus, and I
have never been approached in any such man-
ner. I have been approached many times by
gentlemen who wanted offices increased in
number; but I have yet to know of anybody
coming to Washington to prevent the multipli-
cation of Federal offices. The demand is
always for such increase, as it gives a chance
for additional men to get into office. The idea
that anybody has come here to lobby against
the creation of this additional force seems to
me to be most novel and extraordinary ; and
I believe it will turnout that the distinguished
gentleman from Massachusetts is the only man
in this House who has been approached in that
way.
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. In offering ray
amendment to the amendment of the gentle-
man from Massachusetts, I do not desire to
be understood as favoring the retention of this
clause at all; but if it is to be retained I think
we should fix the salaries of all these officers
at some reasonable rate, instead of leaving
them at the mere discretion of the Commis-
sioner.
Those twenty-five additional revenue agents, \
as they are called in this bill, which the Senate
has seen fit to authorize the Commissioner of
Internal Revenue to employ are not of the
character the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Butler] supposes as aiding in the settle-
ment of affairs at all. They are simply de-
tectives, and known as such. Section fifty
calls them detectives ; and their whole duty is
this: it is then provided that the Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue shall have power,
when in his judgment the interests of the Gov-
ernment shall require, to employ competent
detectives, not exceeding twenty-five in num-
ber, to be paid under the seventh section of the
act to amend existing laws approved March
7,1807, and may assign such detectives to such
special service as he may need to have done.
Now, when assessors and assistant assessors
go out of office, those detectives will have
nothing to do in settling up their books in any
form ; and no suggestion lias been sent before
the Committee 01 Ways and Means, or any-
where else, by which it appears that, the Com-
missioner of Internal Rev nue needs the ser-
vices of these additional detectives or Treasury
agents. On the contrary, he said to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means that he could get-
along without them ; and we struck them out
of the bill with his consent.
Mr. BU PLER, of Massachusetts. He re-
ported them to Congress.
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. He reported
them to Congress, but he appeared himself
before the Committee of Ways and Means and
told us he could get along without their ser-
vices, and with his consent they were struck
out of the bill. All the members of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means will say so if the
gentleman wishes to inquire in reference to the
fact. The whole nine members of the com-
mittee were present and heard the statement
of the Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
and these detectives were struck out of the bill
with his consent.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. The
statement of one member of the committee is
enough.
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. That being the
fact I think the House owes it to itself to resist
the amendment of the Senate. But if it does
not., there is an additional reason why the
amendment to the amendment I have offered,
that their salary should be fixed, should be
adopted. They are to be paid now in accord-
ance with the provisions of section seven of
the act of 1867 ; and that simply provides that
the Commissioner of Internal Revenue, with
the approval of the Secretary of the Treasury,
is authorized to pay such Bums, not exceeding
in the aggregate the amount appropriated
therefor, as may in his judgment be deemed
necessary for detecting and bringing to trial
and punishment persons guilty of violating the
law, &c., and then $100,000 is appropriated
from the Treasury from which these men are
to be paid. There is no sort of provision as
to their pay. True, the Commissioner has
been in the habit of paying from six to
eight dollars a day ; but you will observe
he has the sum of $100,000 out of which to
pay for that service. In thebook of estimates
§100,000 is asked out of which these men are
to be paid. If Congress authorizes the ap-
pointment of these additional officers when the
Commissioner said he did not want them, we
ought to provide a reasonable sum, and not
leave it to the discretion of any one to pay
whatever sum he may please. Hence, the
amendment I have offered, if the House pro-
poses to concur in the Senate amendment,
should be first adopted.
Mr. DAWES. My motion is to concur in
the Senate amendment with an amendment.
I am willing to accept the amendment of the
gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Beck] as part
of my amendment.
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. Would it not be
in order first to take a vote on non concurring?
The SPEAKER. The Chair never submits
the motion to non-concur, but on concurrence
in the Senate amendments a negative vote is
equivalent to non-concurrence.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. By the present pro-
ceeding will we not have to have two votes ?
Mr. DAWES. My proposition is that we
shall vote first on concurring in the Senate
amendment as amended as I have proposed.
If that be not agreed to we can vote on con-
curring in the amendment as it came from the
Senate.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. If the House should
vote on the amendment of the gentleman from
Kentucky [Mr. Beck] affirmatively, would
that put it in the position where thegentleman
from Massachusetts wishes it?
Mr. BOUCHARD. If the Souse concurs
in the Senate amendment as amended, do they
