194
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 14,
rot agree to the increase of twenty-five addi-
tional officers?
Mr. DAWES. Of course, bat with an
".niendment limiting their pay and limiting the
duration of their office.
The SPEAKER. The question is on con-
curring in the Senate amendment amended
;is proposed by the gentleman from Massachu-
setts, [Mr. Dawes.]
The House divided; and there were—ayes
•15, noes 74.
So the motion was disagreed to.
The SPEAKER. The question recurs on
concurring in the Senate amendment.
The question being put, there were—ayes
'26, noes 90.
So tbe House refused to concur in the Sen-
ate amendment.
Mr. DAWES moved that a conference be
asked on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses on the bill.
The motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER appointed as managers of
the conference on the part of the House, Mr.
Dawes, Mr. E. H. Roberts, and Mr. Beck of
Kentucky.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
Mr. FOSTER, of Michigan, from the Com-
mittee on Enrolled Bills, reported that the
committee had examined and found duly en-
rolled bills of the following titles; when the
Speader signed the same :
An act (H. R. No. 3129) for the relief of
Scales <fe Manning, of Nashville, Tennessee;
and
An act (S. No. 1211) to authorize the Na-
tional Bank of Lyons, Michigan, to change its
location and name.
FRENCH SPOLIATIONS.
Mr. L. MYERS. I move that the bill (H.
R. No. 884) to provide for the adjustment and
satisfaction of claims by American citizens for
spoliations committed by the French prior to
the 31st day of July, 1801, be reprinted for
the use of the House.
There was no objection, and the order was
made.
AMENDMENT OF POSTAL CODE.
Mr. HILL. I move that the bill (H. R.
No. 3128) to amend the postal code laws in
regard to seeds, bulbs, &c., be reprinted for
the use of the House.
There was no objection, and the order was
made.
LEAVE OF AB3EN0K.
Mr. Halsey, by unanimous consent, was
granted leave of absence during next week, on
account of sickness.
ALEXANDER MOFFITT.
On motion of Mr. HOLM AN, by unanimous
consent, leave was granted to withdraw from
the files of the House the papers in the case of
Alexander Moffitt.
BOSTON POST OFFICE BUILDING.
Mr. TWICHELL. I ask unanimous con-
sent that the bill (S. No. 1242) to authorize
the purchase of an addition to the site of the
post office building in Boston be taken from
the Speaker's table for reference to the Com-
mittee on Appropriations.
There being no objection, the bill (S. No.
1242) was taken from the Speaker's table, and
read a first and second time.
Mr. TWICHELL. I move that the bill be
referred to the Committee on Appropriations.
Mr. PLATT. I would suggest to tbe gen-
tleman from Massachusetts that the bill be
referred to the Committee on Public Buildings
and Grounds.
Mr. TWICHELL. I think the proper ref-
erence is to the Committee on Appropria-
tions.
The motion of Mr. Twichell was agreed to;
and the bill was referred to the Committee on
Appropriations.
Mr. RANDALL. I move that the House
do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to.
session of to-mokkow.
The SPEAKER. The House will meet
to-morrow as in Committee of the Whole, for
debate only, no busiuess whatever to be trans-
acted. The gentleman from Kansas [Mr.
Lowe] will occupy the chair as Speaker pro
tempore.
And thereupon (at four o'clock and ten
minutes p. m.) the House adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropri-
ate committees :
By Mr. BUFFINTON: The memorial of
Messrs. W. and N. Lindsey and 33 others,
citizens of Fall River, Massachusetts, praying
Congress to make an appropriation for the re-
moval of a ledge of rocks in the harbor of said
, Fall River.
Also, the petition of Calvin, Moses, Mayhew,
i and Mary C. Adams, and Martha A. Teale,
i children of Moses Adams, of West Tisbury,
Massachusetts, for the payment of the French
claims.
By Mr. EAMES: The memorial of Brown
& Ives and others, citizens of New York and
Rhode Island, for payment of claims arising
! from French spoliations on American com-
merce.
By Mr. GBTZ: The petition of Peter Gar-
man, of Berks county, Pennsylvania, late a
private of company I, seventeenth Pennsyl-
[ vania cavalry, praying for a pension.
By Mr. HALE: The petition of Charles B.
Paine and others, for the removal of taxes upon
! State and national banks.
1 By Mr. McCLELLAND: The petition of
' Thompson M. Johnson of Beaver, Pennsyl-
vania, praying for a pension on accouut of the
death of his son, Marshal T. Johnson, late of
company I, one hundred and .fortieth regi-
ment Pennsylvania volunteers, from August
23, 1868, to May 27, 1872.
By Mr. McKlNNEY: The petition of Sarah
Butt, asking indemnity for property taken by
United States troops.
Also, the petition of John and A. G. Covert,
for the same.
By Mr. L. MYERS: The petition and
accompanying papers of Elizabeth Thomas,
widow of Eli Thomas, formerly a private of
company I, one hundred and thirty-eighth
regiment Pennsylvania volunteers, praying
that an act be passed granting her a pen-
sion.
By Mr. PLATT: The petition of George
H. Hickman, late lieutenant and adjutant
general ninety-ninth Pennsylvania volunteers,
for pay due as acting assistant adjntant gen-
eral.
By Mr. "WALDRON: The memorial of Mrs.
Mary Allen, widow of George B. Allen, late a
private in company G, fourth Michigan cav-
alry, for her share of the reward offered for
the capture of Jefferson Davis.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, December 14, 1872.
The House met at twelve o'clock m., Mr.
Lowe in the chair as Speaker pro tempore.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. But-
ler, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read in part,
when
Mr. DOX asked that by unanimous con-
sent the further reading of the Journal be
dispensed with.
No objection being made, the further read-
ing of the Journal was dispensed with.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. By order of
the House the session of to-day is for debate I
only as in Committee of the Whole, no business
whatever to be transacted. The gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Snapp] is entitled to the floor.
civil service reform.
Mr. SNAPP. Mr. Speaker, I rise to take
a broad and unqualified stand against what
is dubbed the "civil service reform" and to
utter my voice in its condemnation. About
one year ago, in this Chamber, I pronounced
it a humbug, and after one year's observation
and reflection 1 must say I am confirmed in
that opinion. I understand full well that
many of those who conduct the public press
are strenuous advocates of the civil service
reform, and those presses decry everybody
who may have the independence to publicly
denounce the new order which has been estab-
lished. I know full well that a Representative
who may feel it to be his conscientious duty to
post the whole country upon the present civil
service reform which has been set in operation
becomes a target for the lowest, most disgust-
ing, and vilest vituperation.
It is well known that the "civil service com-
mission " is composed mainly of editors and
. representatives of the press, and that the illus-
trious "report" which accompanies the "civil
service rules" was the production of those
editors. And, sir, I understand full well that
there is a prideof opinion with these editors that
their " civil service rules" should be main-
tained. These editors in advance threatened
the President; then some of them would flatter
him, and then some of them would bestow upon
him the vilest epithets, meaning thereby to in-
timidate the President of the United Statesinto
supporting the bantling of this commission. One
paper, the Chicago Tribune, which was edited
by one member of this civil service commis-
sion, declared over and over again, from the
time that this infamous'1 report'' and the " civil
service rules" were made public, that the
President did not intend to euforce the civil
service reform ; one of which editors, Horace
White, was the bell-wether in the Cincinnati
j movement, and which said Horace White be-
i came so foul-mouthed and reckless in his slan-
ders during tbe last campaign as to excite the
contempt and incur the disgust of even bis
coadjutors. This was the same Horace White
that cried out lustily for the impeachment of
Andrew Johnson, and every day during the
long trial the Chicago Tribune, headed by this
said Horace White, proclaimed down to the
very last evidence that Johnson was guilty,
and then he startled the whole country by turn-
ing his coat, eating his words, and going over
to Johnson. From that day until he finally
threw off his mask at Cincinnati the Repub-
lican party well understood that he was a
traitor within the party, and was rejoiced when
he spewed himself out at that place. And if a
member of Congress saw fit to exercise his con-
stitutional privilege and duty of expressing an
opinion hostile to the civil service scheme and
swindle, the flood-gates of abuse were hoisted
and a storm of the most disgusting epithets
rained on bis head. If a member from the
West uttered his voice in condemnation of the
new order of things, then it was said that
western members were generally opposed to
civil service reform; and it was also pro-
claimed that " western members in a bodv
oppose the very idea of civil service reform."
Now, Mr. Speaker, without boasting, and
not intending to make invidious comparisons,
I think I can say that " western members " fur-
nish as much intellect, have as honest hearts,
and are as faithful to the Constitution as any
class of citizens in the Union. No class of citi-
zens responded to the call of our country to
put down the rebellion sooner or more readily
than western men. The West furnished to the
country a Logan, a Sherman, and a Grant,
and thousands upon thousands of other brave
and patriotic soldiers, who freely bared their
breasts to the storm of battle to rescue liberty
from the grasp of rebels. And the West
