1*158
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 6,
by the Committee on Appropriations. If gen-
tle men will look at thfe close of the paragraph
they will see that it .repeals, that provision for
i lie frfty per cent, additional compensation.
If tbe House shall adopt the schedule that is
contained in this paragraph it .will restrict the
Postmaster General to that schedule, which is
in fact a diminution', to the amount of two
thirds, of the discretionary power placed in the
hands of the Postmaster General in reference
to this additional compensation.
Now, the $600,000 which the gentleman from
Massachusetts proposes to put in the hands of
the Postmaster General is wholly inadequate
if power is given him to increase the compen-
sation fifty per cent., because a few railroad
companies holding trunk lines would absorb
the whole of it, leaving other railroad compa-
nies, with perhaps equal claims, to come to the
next Congress and put in a claim on the score
of inequality of payment for services rendered
amounting to a million and a half dollars.
That members may know the precise con-
dition of things, let me state that the present
compensation for railroad services was ar-
ranged in 1845, and shortly after additional
compensation was allowed for night services,
and those have been the rates of railroad com-
pensation from that time to this. At that
time the railroad service was performed in a
baggage car and at one end of the baggage
oar, say in a space nine feet by nine. Of
course as the rails have increased in bulk
and population has increased and better facil-
ities have been demanded, this compensation,
established in 1845, has been inadequate, and
the railroad companies have complained for
years that considering the facilities they have
extended, putting on cars that are nothing
more nor less than traveling post offices, they
are entitled to higher compensation. They
have also reduced the time upon the great trunk
lines; for instance, there has been a reduction
of two days between San Francisco arid
Chicago, and two days between Chicago and
here. They claim that it is injustice to ask
them to perform this improved service for the
same compensation that they received in 1845,
and Congress; has recognized the justice of
that claim in the section of the postal code
which I now ask the Clerk to read.
The Clerk read as follows :
"Sec. 265. That the Postmaster-General may enter
into oontracts for carrying the mail, with railway
companies, without advertising for bids therefor;
ana the Postmaster General may allow any railroad
company with whom ho may contract fur the carry-
ing of the United States mail, and who furnish rail-
way post offioe ears for the transportation of the
mail, such additional compensation beyond that
now allowed by taw as he may think fit, not exceed-
ing, however, fifty per cent, of the said rates."
Mr. PALMER. Now, to carry out that pro-
vision an appropriation of $1,500,000 would
be required, but this bill proposes to repeal
that section and in its stead enact the schedule
contained in the bill.
The question was then taken on the amend-
ment moved by Mr. Twiohbll ; and it was
not agreed to.
The question recurred on the motion of
Mr. Speer, to strike out the entire paragraph
as amended.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I am opposed to
that motion. The Committee of the Whole
will see that we have presented here the two
sides of this question. On the one side, the
railroad companies of course want to get all
the money they can for the transportation of
the mails. On the other side is a disposition
to make a raid on the railroads whenever they
are mentioned, and to pay them nothing.
Mr. RANDALL. Pay them what they have
been receiving.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. We are paying now
for the transportation of the mails in postal
cars made for the express purpose, carrying
postal clerks and agents, only the same amount
that we used to pay for carrying the mail-bags
in the baggage cars. I know, from the fact
that I have been a great while upon the Post
Office Committee of this House, that there has
been a constant importunity on the part of
the railroad companies, and a general acknowl-
edgment on the part of the Post Office Depart-
ment, and of the Post Office Committees of
this House, that the railroad companies were
not adequately paid. That was the opinion
of Postmaster General Randall, and it is tbe
opinion of the present Postmaster General, as
I understand. It was the opinion of the Post
Office Committee of the House five or six years
ago when we considered the matter.
Several times the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads of this House authorized its
chairman to report a bill authorizing an in-
crease of the pay of the railroad companies.
That provision did not pass until the postal
code was enacted last year. In that code we
provided, not to the extent demanded by the
railroad companies, but only one half of it.
We provided that the Postmaster General
should have authority to increase their com-
pensation to an amount not exceeding fifty
per cent, of the amount now paid. But the
Postmaster General shuns the responsibility.
It is a difficult duty to perform, to determine
among the different railroads, all importuning
for an increase of compensation, especially as
Congress never made any appropriation to
enable him to make the increase.
In my opinion this provision from the Com-
mittee on Appropriations is scarcely an ade-
quate and fair compensation for the service per-
formed by the railroad companies; but prob-
ably it is the best that we can do. It furnishes
a little increase of compensation, and an in-
crease they are entitled to. We are not paying
the railroad companies to-day, for all the ser-
vice they are performing, as much as private
parties pay them for carrying iron and coal.
We do not pay so much for carrying a fifty or
sixty foot postal car as they get for an ordinary
freight car.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. HIBBARD. I move to strike out the
last word of the pending paragraph. I rise
simply to express a hope that the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Speer] will modify
his motion so as to not strike out the last part
of the paragraph, which reads as follows:
That so much of section two hundred and sixty-
five of the act approved June 8,1872, entitled "An
act to revise, consolidate, and amend the statutes
relating to the Post Office Department,"as provides
that " the Postmaster General may allow any rail-
road company with whom he may contract for the
carrying of the United States mail, and who furnish
railway post-office cars for the transportation of the
mail, such additional compensation beyond that
now allowed by law as he may think fit, not exceed-
ing. however, fifty per cent, of the said rates," be,
and the samo is hereby, repealed.
I do not say that I am prepared to vote for
the amendment even modified in that way.
But it is my judgment that at all events that
last clause of the paragraph should not be
stricken out. In my opinion it is a most dan-
gerous discretion that has been vested in the
Postmaster General, although he has not as
yet seen fit to exercise it, and this gives him a
discretion which, in addition to that which he
already has, will confer upon him the power
to give additional compensation to railroad
companies to the amount of one and a half
million dollars or more. I trust that the sense
of the Committee of the Whole will be taken
upon striking ont the first portion of this par-
agraph, and that the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania will consent to modify his amendment
to that extent.
Mr. TYNER. If the provision reported by
the Committee on Appropriations shall not be
agreed to by the Committee of the Whole, it
will, as has been frequently suggested in this
debate, leave a discretionary power in the
Postmaster General to pay the railroad com-
panies a compensation of fifty per cent, over
and above that which has been previously
authorized by law. If this provision, therefore,
should not be retained, I apprehend that the
Postmaster General will be enabled to con-
tinue the railway postal service of the United
States. In order to relieve himself of that
responsibility he desires that Congress shall
fix the rates of compensation, and 1 have no
doubt that he believes if his request be granted
he can still continue the railway postal car
service.
Now, so far as I am individually concerned,
I would 1)6 willing to either accept this pro-
vision or to vote it down, my purpose being
simply to not only continue but to increase
the railway distribution service. There is no
branch of the postal service that, in my judg-
ment, is so valuable to the people generally.
The proposition now comes up here, as it has
done heretofore, whether or not there shall be
an improvement in the postal service by a con-
tinuance of this railway distribution service of
the United States. I hold that that distribu-
tion service should be put upon every railroad
in the country. Yea, sir, I will go further; I
believe it should be carried on at least two
trains daily on every railroad running so many
trains; for there is no reason why, in perfect-
ing our postal service, we should not be en-
abled to have, letters carried from point to
point just as rapidly as passengers can go.
Our postal service will never be perfect till
this result is accomplished.
Now, is it necessary to grant additional
compensation to the railroad companies?
This is a question which Congress ought to
meet promptly and squarely. 1 have had some
experience in connection with this matter,
having been engaged in the postal service for
some five years and a half as a special agent.
It is known to every man who has had expe-
rience in this matter that the railroad com-
panies fail, time and again, to comply with the
regulations of the Post Office Department;
and when the reason is asked, their response
almost invariably is, that they have no con-
tracts with the Post Office Department; and
they will not make any contracts with the Post
Office Department for carrying the mails,
because they are not allowed a sufficient com-
pensation. It has been said in the course of
this debate that the great trunk lines carry
these mails at a less rate per pound than they
carry the lowest class of freight. Many gen-
tlemen, I doubt not, have been disposed to
question the correctness of this statement;
but I say to the committee that it is true in
point of fact; that the great trunk lines of this
country  
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. POTTER. Mr. Chairman, if there be
anybody in this House who is opposed to cor-
porations, and who has a natural abhorrence of
them, believing them to be the really danger-
ous class of society, it is myself. But I do
not believe we are going to cure the evils in
respect of them by treating them with injus-
tice in matters of this description. The rail-
road companies are engaged in this carrying
service; and they are entitled to a reasonable
compensation for what they do. The Post-
master General, who has the subject in charge,
who certainly has neither the interest nor the
desire, if we may judge from his past conduct,
to overpay these companies, insists that for
the economical conveyance of the mails the
provision embraced in the pending paragraph
is right; and, therefore, I shall most certainly
support it.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The CHAIRMAN. By order of the House
all debate on the pending paragraph and
amendments thereto is closed.
Mr. POTTER. Mr. Chairman, I want to
say just one word more, if you will withhold
the gavel for a moment. We can carry this
matter of reducing the compensation for mail
service so far as to have the railroad com-
panies refusing to carry the mails, foithat will
be the final result of cutting down their com-
pensation too low. Then, by and by, we
shall have somebody proposing here that
the Government shall take possession of the
