2118
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
fifty-seven of said act be amended by adding
thereto the following:
And provided further. That no attachment, Ipjuno-
tion. or execution shall be issued agrainst suob asso-
ciation, or its property, before final judgmentm any
each suitj action, or proceeding in any State, county,
or municipal court.
The third section provides that all banks not
organized, and transacting business under the
national currency act. and all persons, com-
panies, or corporations doing the business of
bankers, brokers, or savings institutions, ex-
cept savings banks are prohibited from using
the word " national" as a portion of the name
or title of such bank, corporation, firm, or
partnership; and every such bank, corpora-
tion, or firm which shall use the word na-
tional" as a portion of their corporate title or
partnership name six months after the passage
of this act, shall be subject to a penalty of
fifty dollars for each day thereafter in which
such word shall be employed as aforesaid as
part of such corporate name or title, such
penalty to be recovered by action in any court
having jurisdiction.
The fourth section provides that it shall be
the duty of the Comptroller of the Currency
to cause to be examined each year the plates,
dies, bed-pieces and other materials from which
national bank circulation is printed in whole
or in part, and file in his office annually a cor-
rect list of the same ; and such material as
shall have been used in printing notes of na-
tional banks which are in liquidation or have
closed business shall be destroyed, under such
regulations as shall be prescribed by the Comp-
troller of the Currency and approved by the
Secretary of the Treasury. The expense of
such examination or destruction is to be paid
out of any appropriation made by Congress
for the special examination of national banks
and bank plates.
The bill was passed, two thirds voting in
favor thereof.
PORTAGE LAKE, ETC., SHIP-CANAL.
The next business on the Speaker's table,
was a bill (S. No. 1267) extending the time
for the completion of the Portage Lake and
Lake Superior ship-canal; which was read a
first and second time.
The bill, which was read, provides that the
time for the completion of the Portage Lake
and Lake Superior ship-canal be extended to
the 1st day of December, 1873.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. That has the
sanction of the Committee on the Public Lands,
and I hope it will be passed.
The bill was ordered to a third reading, and
it was accordingly read the third time, and
CHABLES T. BROWN AND J. J. S. HASSLER.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was a bill (S. No. 1504) to authorize the ac-
counting officers of the Treasury to settle the
accounts of Charles T. Brown and J. J. 8.
Hassler, late agents for the Chippewa Indians
of Minnesota, on the grounds of equity and
justiee; which was read a first and second
time.
The bill, which was read, provides that the
accounting officers of the Treasury be author-
ized to settle the accounts ot Charles T. Brown
and J. J. S. Hassler, late agents for the Chip-
pewa Indians of .Minnesota, on the grounds of
equity and justice.
Mr. AVKKILL. I move that the bill be
passed over, as it has already been acted on in
another form.
The motion was agreed to.
CAPTAIN HENRY M. SCOTT.
The nest business on the Speaker's table
was the bill (S. No. 1531) to amend an act
entitled l'Au act granting a pension to Captain
Henry M. Scott, approved April 9, 1872 ;
wh'ch was read a first and second time.
i he bill, which was read, provides for amend-
ing the act of April 9, 1872, by substituting
"seventieth''for "seventeenth:" so that the
concluding clause of that act shall read " Henry
M. Scott, late captain of company M seventieth
regiment Indiana volunteers."
The bill was ordered to a third reading; and
it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
soldiers' cemetery, city op mexico.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was a bill (S. No. 1429) to provide for the care
and preservation of the cemetery near the
City of Mexico, purchased in accordance with
the act of September 28, 1850 j which was
read a first and second time.
The bill, which was read, provides that the
President of the United States is authorized
to provide, out of the ordinary annual appro-
priations for establishing and maintaining
United States military cemeteries, for the
proper care and preservation and maintenance
of the cemetery or burial-ground near the city
of Mexico, in which are interred the remains
of officers and soldiers of the United States,
and of citizens of the United States, who fell
in battle or died in and around said city ; and
that this cemetery shall be subject to the rules
and regulations affecting United States na-
tional military cemeteries within the limits of
the United States, so far as they may, in the
opinion of the President, be applicable thereto.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move the bill be passed
with the following amendment:
Provided, That it shall be the duty ofthe minister
of the United States at Mexico to take charge and
oaro of said cemetery without compensation.
The amendment was rejected.
The bill was ordered to a third reading; and
it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
CAE'S OF SUBSISTENCE SUPPLIES.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the bill (S. No. 1343) to provide for the
better care and protection of subsistence sup-
plies ; which was read a first and second time.
The bill, which was read, provides that
the Secretary of War shall select from the
sergeants of the line of the Army who shall
have faithfully served therein five years, three
years of which in the grade of non com
missioned officer, as many commissary ser-
geants as the case may require, not to ex-
ceed one for each military post or place of
deposit of subsistence supplies, whose duty
it shall be to receive and preserve the sub-
sistence supplies at the posts, under the direc-
tion of the proper officers of the subsistence
department, and under such regulations as
shall bo prescribed by the Secretary of War.
The commissary sergeants authorized are to
be subject to the Rules and Articles of War,
and receive for their services the same pay
and allowance as ordnance sergeants.
The bill was passed over.
COURTS-MARTIAL AT WKST POINT.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
a bill (S. No. 1344) to confer upon the Superin-
tendent of the United States Military Academy
the power to convene general courts-martial;
which was read a first and second time.
The bill, which was read, provides that the
Superintendent of the United States Military
Academy shall have power to convene general
courts-martial for the trial of cadets, and to
execute the sentences of such courts, except
the sentences of suspension and dismission,
subject, to the same conditions and limitations
now existing as to other general courts-mar-
tial.
The bill was ordered to a third reading; and
it was accordingly read the thud time, and
passed.
SALISBURY MONUMENT.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was a bill (S. No. 1884) authorizing the Sec-
retaiy of War to have a monument erected a1"
Salisbury, North Carolina, to the memory of
the soldiers who died in prson and are there
buried; which was read a first and second time.
The bill, which was read, provides that the
Secretary of War be authorized and directed
to have erected in the national cemetery at
Salisbury, North Carolina, a suitable granite
monument to the memory of the twelve thou-
sand Union soldiers who died in the prison-pen
at that place, and whose remains are buried
in trenches in that cemetery; and the sum of
$10,000, or so much thereof as may be neces-
sary, is hereby appropriated for this purpose
out of any money in the Treasury not other-
wise appropriated.
The bill was ordered to a third reading; and
it was accordingly read the third time, and
payment op seamen.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the bill (S. No. 1438) to provide for the
payment of certain wages to seamen in for-
eign countries.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I hope
that that bill will be passed. It is simply to
provide that in foreign countries seamen shall
be paid in gold ; if they are paid in greenbacks
they cannot do anything with them.
The bill was read. It provides that money
paid under the laws of the United States by
the direction of consular officers or agents at
any foreign port or place as wages due Ameri-
can seamen shall be paid in gold or its equiva-
lent, without any reduction whatever, any eon-
tract to the contrary notwithstanding.
Mr. W. R. ROBERTS. I desire the pass-
age of that bill.
No objection being made, the bill was taken
from the Speaker's table, received its several
readings, and was passed.
GEORGE HENRY PREBLE.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the bill (S. No. 1444) to authorize the
President to appoint George Henry Preble,
now a captain on the active list of the Navy,
to a commodore.
Mr. COGHLAN. I offer the following as a
substitute for the bill:
Strike out all after the enacting clause and in3ert
the following:
That the President of the United States be, and he
is hereby, authorized to restore Lewis C. Sariori,
Georce H. Preble, George H. Cooper, captains in tho
United States Navy, now on the active list, and R.
J?. B.Lewis, a commander in the United States
Navy, now or the active list, to their original posi-
tions on the Navy Begister.
That is a bill which passed the House, and
the Senate sends it back with only Captain
Preble's name in it.
Mr. LYNCH. I hope the gentleman will
not embarrass this bill by offering an amend-
ment now.
Mr. COGHLAN. This bill has once passed
the House.
Mr. LYNCH. But the adoption of the
amendment must inevitably defeat the bill.
Mr. COGHLAN. We can have a confer-
ence committee upon it. We passed the bill
with four names in it, and the Senate sends it
back with only one.
Mr. RANDALL. I ask the gentleman to
let me move to add the name of William
Rouekendorff.
Mr. COGHLAN. I cannot consent to that.
The substitute was agreed to; and the bill
as amended received its several readings, and
was passed.
MASONIC LODGK, HARPER'S TERRY.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the bill (S. No. 1102) for the relief of
Charity Lodge, No. 811, of Free and Accepted
Masons^ of Harper's Perry, West Virginia.
The bill was read. It appropriates the sum
of $767 39 to reimburse Charity Lodge, No.
311, of Free and Accepted Masons, of Harper's
Perry, West, Virginia, for expenses incurred
by them in refiltmg their lodge-room, wnich
expense was rendered necessary by its occu-
pation by the Government of the United States
from 1861 to 1864.
There being no objection, the bill was taken
