1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1159
railroads of the country in order to insure the
transportation of the mails, just as we now
have a proposition that the Government shall
take possession of the telegraph lines of the
country. I would rather give reasonable com-
pensation than lay a foundation for any such
danger in the future.
Mr. SPEER. It is not proposed to reduce
the present compensation.
Mr. POTTER. But the practical effect of
striking out this paragraph will be to prevent
such an increase of compensation as may be
necessary to insure the carrying of the mails;
so that the next thing may be a proposition
that the Government shall take possession of
the railroads, because the railroads will not
perform the mail service.
Mr. BIGGS. The companies may continue
to carry the mails, but they will not do it in
postal cars.
Mr. POTTER. Then the service will not
be performed as it ought to be.
The CH AIRMA N. All debate on the pend-
ing paragraph and amendments thereto is
closed by order of the House.
The question being taken on the amendment
of Mr. Speer to strike out the pending para-
graph, it was not agreed to.
Mr. SPEER. I move to amend the para-
graph by inserting after " $500,000'' the words
" or so much thereof as may be necessary."
Mr. GARFIELD,of Ohio,and Mr. DICKEY.
There is no objection to that.
Mr. SPEER. I offer this amendment be-
cause the provision as it now stands makes an
absolute appropriation of $500,000.
Mr. RANDALL. I desire to offer an
amendment to perfect the section by providing
that it shall be the duty of the Postmaster
General to make report to Congress, with the
accounts respectively paid.
Mr. DICKEY and Mr. FARNSWORTH.
He does that any how.
Mr. RANDALL. I want to see that this
money is properly distributed.
The question being taken on the amend-
ment of Mr. Speer, it was agreed to.
Mr. TVV1CHELL. I move to amend by
inserting after the word " Department," in
line one hundred and eighteen, these words:
Provided further. That in case the foregoing rates
do not yield to the railroad companies so much per
car per mile for the transportatron of the mails at
high speed as is paid to the same companies for
transporting second-class freight at low speed on
freight trains, the Postmaster General be, and he
hereby is, authorized and directed to make compen-
sation for the transportation of the mails in railway
post office cars or in apartments of cars, at the rate
of forty cents per eight-wheel car per mile run, and
at a proportional rate for a portion of a car: And
provided further, ThatthePostmaster General bo, and
be is hereby, authorized and directed to allow com-
pensation to railroad companies for the transporta-
tion of post office clerks and agents in passenger
cars at the rate of two cents per mile for each per-
son.
Mr. SPEER. I raise a point of order that
this amendment proposes to change existing
law.
Mr. RANDALL. And it is not allowable
under the suspension of the rules, which
authorized the offering of the main proposition.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman will
state his point of order.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I make the
point of order that it changes the law. Ours
was made by special order ot the House. This
is a new change of the law and is not in order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules
the point of order.
Mr. Twichell's amendment was again read.
Mr. TWICIIELL. In order to make it
perfectly clear, I will modify my amendment
relating to postal cars. Now, Mr. Chairman,
I will only say this 
The CHA1RMAN. By order of the House
further debate is not allowed on the pending
paragraph and the amendments thereto.
The amendment was disagreed to.
The Clerk read as follows :
Seo. 3. That if the revenues of the Post Office
Department shall be insufficient to moot the ap-
propriations made by this act, then the sum of
$6,810,602, or so much thereof as may be necessary,
be, and the same is hereby, appropriated, to be
paid out of any money in the Treasury not other-
wise appropriated, to supply deficiencies in the
revenue of the Post Office Department, including
the cost of carrying free mail matter, for the year
ending June 30,1874.
Mr. PALMER. I offer the following amend-
ment.
The Clerk read as follows :
Page 7, line three of section three, strike out
. six" and insert "five," strike out "eight" and
insert three; " and in line four strike out " ten "
and insert ninety-six."
Mr. PALMER. That makes a reduction
of the appropriation.
Mr. SPEER. I ask the Clerk to read the
paragraph as it will read if the amendment is
adopted.
The Clerk read as follows:
Sec. 3. That if the revenues of the Post Office De-
partment shall be insufficient to meet the appropri-
ations made by this act, then the sum of $5,396,602,
or so much thereof as may be necessary, be, and the
same is hereby, appropriated, to be paid out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated,
to supply deficiencies in the revenue of the Post
Office Department, including the cost of carrying
free mail matter, for the year ending Juno 30,1874.
Mr. PALMER. If my amendment be
adopted I will move the committee rise and
report the bill to the House.
Mr. SPEER. I move to strike out "five"
and insert "four," so as to make it $4,396,-
602; and I do that for this reason: the Post-
master General in a communication sent to the
Senate, third session Forty-First Congress,
Executive Document No. 15, states that he
sent instructions to the postmasters throughout
the country, giving them a form and requesting
them to make returns to him of the amount of
free matter which passed through the mail for
a period of six months. In pursuauce of that
request, in compliance with those instruc-
tions sent to them, eighty five hundred and
eighty-three postmasters did make return of
the amount of free mail matter which passed
through their offices for six months. On that
return the Postmaster General estimates for
the remaining post offices being twenty-eight
thousand four hundred and ninety-two, the
amount of free mails passing through them at
the same time, and on all his figures estimat-
ing the amount of free mail matter, the Post-
master General comes to the conclusion there
would be saved to the Government by the
abolition of the franking privilege postage to
the amount of $2,543,327 72 annually.
Now, Mr. Chairman, if the Postmaster
General was right in that communication to
Congress, if the facts upon which he relied are
correct, if they are sufficiently accurate to
justify an officer of the Government in making
such a communication to the Senate in response
to a resolution of inquiry, then I hold those
facts are sufficiently accurate for the action of
this House. My amendment, therefore, sim-
ply proposes that the appropriation shall be
reduced pretty nearly to the extent of the
amount of postage the Postmaster General
said would be saved by the abolition of the
franking privilege.
The gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Farns-
worth] charged there is a disposition to make
a raid upon the railroads. There is no such
disposition on this side of the House. We
wish to act justly between the carrying com-
panies and the Government. But we want
here to take the Postmaster General at his
word and put him to the test. Let him now
carry out in the administration of his high
office what he alleged to the country he could
do if the franking privilege were abolished;
that is all, and it is fair.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SARGENT. We are legislating un-
questionably for the good of the country, and
not because we are pleased or displeased with
the act of any exeoutive officer. Now it is
proposed, with the sanction of the Depart-
ment, that the amount appropriated for the
Department, in consideration of the abolition
of the franking privilege, sh^li be reduced
something more than a million and a half dol-
lars. It may be that the whole amount here
appropriated, after that reduction is made,
may not be required. But suppose it is re-
quired, suppose that the calculation of the
Postmaster General is a mistake, upon whom
is that mistake going to fall? Is it to fall
solely, or scarcely at all, on those who inhabit
the cities ?
Mr. SPEER. Where is the evidence that
the Postmaster General was mistaken?
Mr. SARGENT. I reason from my own
judgment in this matter. I do not believe
that the figures which were brought forward
in favor of the abolition of the franking priv-
ilege were correct, and I do not think that it
was wise or judicious to abolish it.
I ask, then, where will this mistake fall? I
say it will fall upon us in the most sparsely
settled portions of the continent, where we
want mail routes extended, and where we
want mail facilities which are sure to be main-
tained in the populous business centers. And
I call upon gentlemen who require that mail
routes shall be run through their districts, and
who require additional post offices in the re-
mote parts of their districts, not for a whim,
not for a grim joke, not for a personal mistake
which may have been made, to cut down the
revenues of the Department so much that it
will be impossible for any improvement to be
effected in our remote districts in the postal
service for the coming year. This is a ques-
tion which affects every one of our constitu-
ents. It is not a subject which can be esti-
mated in its full importance by gentlemen
from the business centers of the country.
Now, I have stated fairly that I do not be-
lieve the figures originally"given were correct,
and I think we ought by no means on the faith
of them to cripple the postal service in its
ramifications throughout the country. There
are applications constantly, day after day, and
week after week, pressed upon me and other
gentlemen around me for the extension of
routes which will not pay until the population
increases, and yet you cannot cut them off
from postal communications, you cannot stop
the increase of mail routes without doing great
injustice to those districts. Therefore, on be-
half of the gentlemen representing districts
outside of the cities, whose constituents are
interested iti this matter, I ask them that they
shall not, because they believe something in-
judicious has been done heretofore, do some-
thing injudicious now. Let us by no means
cripple the resources^ of the Department to
carry out the work which has to be done.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The CHAIRMAN. The question is on the
amendment of the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Speer] to the amendment of the
gentleman from Iowa, [Mr. Palmer.]
Mr. FARNSWORTH and Mr. POTTER
rose.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate on the pending
amendment is exhausted.
Mr. SPEER. I withdraw the amendment
for the purpose of allowing further discussion.
Mr. POTTER. I renew it for the moment
that I may say a word about the abolition of
the franking privilege. The gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Speer] assumes the whole
amount of matter carried through the mails
under frank, which the Postmaster General
enumerated in his report, was to be a saving
to the Government if the franking privilege
was abolished.
Mr. SPEER. Will the gentleman do me
the justice to allow me to say that I do not
assume that; and I have not moved to strike
out the whole amount represented by the
Postmaster General to be the cost of carrying
free mail matter, but only a part of it.
Mr. POTTER. Certainly, I make the cor-
rection. But it has been very often assumed,
and I refer to it only to say that I do not my-
