1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2119
from the Speaker's table, received its several
readings, and was passed.
HEIRS OF THOMAS LAW30N.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the bill (S. 1443) for the relief of the heirs
of the late Thomas Lawson, deceased.
Mr. FRYE. The Committee of Claims have
examined this bill, and have instructed me to
ask the House to pass it.
No objection being made, the bill was taken
from the Speaker's table, received its several
readings, and was passed.
WILLIAM D. LUDLOW.
The next business on the Speakar's table
■was the bill (S. 1478) to enable William D.
Ludlow to make application to the Commis-
sioner of Patents for the extension of letters-
patent for an improvement in refrigerators.
The bill was read. It grants leave to Wil-
liam D. Ludlow, of the city and county of New
York, to make application to the Commis-
sioner of Patents for an extensionof his letters-
patent for an improvement in refrigerators, in
February, 1858, for the term of seven years
from and after the expiration of the original
term of fourteen years for which the letters-
patent were granted, such application to have
the same effect as if it had been filed not less
than ninety days before the expiration of the
original term; and when the application is
filed the Commissioner of Patents is author-
ized to consider and determine the same, in
the same manner and giving the same notice
as if the application had been duly filed within
the time prescribed by law and the original
term had not expired. It provides, however,
that no person shall be held liable for the
infringement of the said patent or for the use
of the said invention since the expiration of
the original term of the patent and prior to
the date of its extension.
Mr. TOWNSEND, of Pennsylvania. How
long has he enjoyed that patent ?
Mr. L. MYERS. This is to grant a hear-
ing to a man who being ill with hemorrhage
of the lungs, could not make his application
in time.
The bill was returned to the President's
table, two thirds not voting for its passage.
LIEUTENANT T. B. M. MASON.
The* next business on the Speaker's table
was the bill (S. No. 1399) permitting Lieu-
tenant Theodore B. M. Mason, of the Navy,
to accept a decoration from the Emperor of
Brazil.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I ask
that that bill be put upon its passage.
The bill was read. It provides that Lieu-
tenant Theodore B. M. Mason, of the Navy
of the United States, may accept a decora-
tion of the Order of the Rose, tendered to
him by the Emperor of Brazil as a testimo-
nial of the courage and humanity displayed by
him in saving the lives of two of his shipmates
in the harbor of Rio de Janeiro in February,
1869.
Mr. CONGER. I hope that will be passed.
The bill was taken from the Speaker's table,
read three times, and passed, two thirds voting
therefor.
CAPTAIN OF SCOUTS.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the bill (S. No. 1413) to authorze the ap-
pointment of a captain of scouts.
Mr. TAFFE. I ask that that bill be put
•upon its passage.
The bill was read. It provides that the
President, by and with the advice and consent
cf the Senate, shall be, and hereby is. author-
ed to appoint a captain of scouts, who shall
bo mustered into the regular Army of the
United States, and shall rank as and receive
the pay and allowances of a captain of cavalry,
nut shall not be entitled to promotion. The
second section provides that said captain of
scouts shall be assigned to duty the same as
any officer of the Army, and shall have charge
of all scouts and guides in the military service
in the department to which he is assigned to
duty, and shall report to the proper officer of
the department in such manner and at such
times as shall be directed by the Secretary of
War; provided that said offiee of captain
of scouts shall cease with the cessation of
service, through death, or resignation of the
person first appointed as captain of scouts.
Mr. BIRD. I trust that bill will not pass.
Mr. TAFFE. I ask that for the present it
be passed over informally.
The SPEAKER. It can at any time be
brought up again and passed on a two-thirds
vote.
The bill was returned to the Speaker's
table.
BRITISH SOVEREIGN OR POUND.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the bill (S. No. 1427) to establish the
custom-house value of the sovereign or pound
sterling of Great Britain, and to fix the par
of exchange.
The bill was read. It provides that the
value of foreign coin as expressed in the money
of account of the United States shall be that
of the pure metal of such coin of standard
value ; and the values of the standard coins in
circulation of the various nations of the world
shall be estimated annually by the Director
of the Mint, and be proclaimed on the 1st
of January by the Secretary of the Treasury.
The second section provides that in all pay-
ments by or to the Treasury, whether made
here or in foreign countries, where it becomes
necessary to compute the value of the sover-
eign or pound sterling it shall be deemed equal
to $4 86.6J, and the same rule shall be applied
in appraising merchandise imported where the
valueis, by the invoice, in sovereigns or pounds
sterling, and in the construction of contracts
payable in sovereigns or pounds sterling; and
this valuation shall be the par of exchange
between Great Britain and the United States;
and all contracts made after the 1st day of
January, 1874, based on an assumed par of
exchange with Great Britain of fifty-four pence
to the dollar, or $4 44f to the sovereign or
pound sterling, shall be null and void.
The third section provides that all acts and
parts of acts inconsistent with these provisions
be, and the same are hereby, repealed.
The bill was taken from the Speaker'stable,
read three times, and passed, two thirds having
voted therefor.
W. W. ELLIOTT.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the bill (S. No. 1480) for the relief of W.
W. Elliott.
The bill was read. It provides that the
Secretary of the Treasury be authorized and
directed to pay to W. W. Elliott, from the
funds of the medical and hospital department,
a sum equal to $100 per month for the period
of his services as an acting assistant surgeon,
deducting all pay and allowances received by
him as an enlisted man during the same
period.
The bill was read three times, and passed,
two thirds voting therefor.
GRUTLI V1SREIN ASSOCIATION.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the bill (S. No. 1464) to amend the char-
ter of the Griitli Verein Association.
Mr. POLAND. I ask that that bill be put
upon its passage.
The bill was read.
Mr. W. it. ROBERTS. I move that the
House take a recess till eight o'clock to-mor-
row morning.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. HOLMAN. This bill, as I understand,
has never been considered by any committee
of the House.
Mr. POLAND. The charter of this com-
pany prohibits their holding real estate. This
is merely to authorize them to have a building
for the purposes of their association.
Mr. STEVENSON. What is the com-
pany for ?
Mr. CONGER. It is a trades Union.
The bill was taken from the Speaker's table,
read three times, and passed, two thirds, vot-
ing therefor.
HENRY WARREN.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was Senate bill No. 987, to authorize the Sec-
retary of the Treasury to settle the account of
Henry Warren, late depositary at Oregon City,
Oregon.
Mr. SMITH, of New York. I aflk that this
bill be put on its passage.
The bill, which was read, directs the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to credit Henry Warren,
late United States depositary at Oregon City,
Oregon, with $2,000, in settlement of his
account for money paid Horace C. Gilsen, sec-
retary of Idaho Territory, on the 28th of Feb-
ruary, 1866.
Mr. HOLMAN. This bill has never been
before any committee of this House.
Mr. SMITH, of New York. Allow me to
explain a moment. This bill makes no appro-
priation, it simply authorizes the Secretary of
the Treasury to transfer an item from one
man's account to another's. This claimant
was a Government depositary in Oregon City ;
there was standing upon his books $2,000 to
the credit of the secretary of Idaho. That
secretary died and his successor drew the
money; and it is necessary to correct the
books, so that the depositary can be credited
with this amount and that it be charged to. the
secretary of Idaho.
Mr. HOLMAN. Is this measure recom-
mended by the Secretary of the Treasury ?
Mr. SMITH, of New York, It is, as ap-
pears from the report of the Senate committee.
The bill was then passed, two thirds voting
in the affirmative.
FRACTIONAL PARTS Of BARRELS.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was Senate bill No. 1581, relating to the frac-
tional parts of barrels containing fermented
liquors.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. A bill
for this purpose has already passed this
House. I therefore move that this bill be laid
aside.
The bill was laid aside accordingly.
CONNECTICUT AND OTHER STATES.
The next bill on the Speaker's table was
Senate bill No. 1283, for the relief of Connec-
ticut and other States.
Mr. HAWLEY, of Connecticut. I ask that
this bill be put on its passage.
The bill was read. The first section directs
the Secretary of the Treasury, out of any
money appropriated to continue the settle-
ment of accounts presented under the act of
July 27, 1861, to pay to the Governor of Con-
necticut, or to his duly authorized agents, any
amounts advanced by the said State in payment
of chaplains, extra surgeons, or assistant sur-
feoDS employed by said State in said capacities
uring the late war; the said claims to be set-
tled by the proper accounting officers of the
Treasury upon vouchers filed; provided that
certificates of actual employment are filed with
the accounts.
The second section provides that when the
vouchers of other States for payments made
to chaplains, extra surgeons, or assistant sur-
geons situated similarly with those of Connec-
ticut are filed, the Treasury Department shall
adjust and settle them according to the pro-
visions of the foregoing section.
Mr. DICKEY. 1 move that the House now
take a recess until eight o'oclock a. m.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. CONGER. Would it be in order to
move to rescind or to reconsider tho action of
the House on the resolution of the gentleman
