196
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 14,
nee of better logic than that are not qualified
to frame a set of rules under which men may
slip into office and perpetually remain there.
The logic of this report is totally false. Tt
would be condemned in a school-boy ; and
yet here are meu professing to be so extra
smart that they can devise a plan to fill the
offices in this Government which belong to
the people without the people having any voice
iu such appointments.
.lust, hear again the infamous language which
this infallible "commission" uses:
" If the money that a man ha? paiil durinsr a polit-
ical campaign, and the time and effort that he hits
devoted to the success of principles and a policy
winch he must besupposed to approve are to bo con-
sidered claims upon an office, then they are the price
of the office, and his relation to the office and to
the contest is venal."
Now, sir, is not that wonderful logic for wise
men to use? The same logic would make the
patriotism of General Grant and every other
loyal soldier venal. Did not Grant during
the rebellion and while in the Army receive
pay for fighting the rebels? And because he
received large pay. in the language of this
commission, was his pay " the price of his
patriotism ?" And because every patriot soldier
received pay, and in some instances large pay,
did that make his " relation to his office and
to the contest venal?" Away with such false
logic. I reckon that Grant, Sherman, Logan,
and their brother soldiers would have been
somewhat astounded if they had been met by
this commission on pay-day and told that they
were not to have any pay, because it would be
considered "venal,'' and that if they received
pay it would be well understood by the coun-
try that snch pay was the " price of their
patriotism."
The fact is the patriot soldiers were patriots,
and fought on aceountof their patriotism, and
were entitled to pay; and so with the members
" of the Republican party in a political cam-
paign. They worked for tlie party, believing
that that party embodies the patriotism of the
country, and they are entitled to pay by de-
claring who of their associates should have j
the offices, instead of being met with the cold j
rebuke of an irresponsible "board" that j
the privilege of occupying the offices had been
taken away from them and given to us, the '
immaculate "board." Now, Mr. Speaker, if
this is not the meanest kind of despotism, what
is it? The idea that at this day and age of the
world, and in free America, such infamous
propositions are to be tolerated 1 One would |
think that the blood of every honest Rep- ,
resentative would be fired with indignation at !
this bare-faced proposal to enslave a free and
patriotic people. I should think that a con-
stituency would scorn a Representative that
would indorse the proposition. Where is a
Representative's manhood who will tamely sub-
mit and swallow the slander of this report? j
This " report" further states that— j
" It seems to be forgotten that those who now dis-
pense the patronage are already a privileged class,
(members of Congress.) using the promise of patron-
ate to secure for themselves the places which they
tnen use the patronage itself to retain.
"There is in oar judgment no j ustification for the
present practice of appointment to the civil service
either in reason or in the character or necessities of
the Government."
I ask, will members of Congress submit
tamely to this insnlt? Will the member from
Vermont again so readily make the proposi-
tion to bend the knee to this irresponsible
"commission" and ask this House to accept
of a law to make themselves infamous and
slaves—to bind them hand and foot?
Again, hear what this commission say in this
famous " report" about members of Congress:
"It is impossible that the Legislature should
absorb the executive function of appointment and
remain pure."
Now, hear this logic again :
" One of the wisest of American political writers
remarked, before the Constitution' was adopted,
' When tbe Legislature is corrupted the people arc
undone.' "
This astute commission have taken a journey
way back of the adoption of our Constitution
to tell the country that somebody then, more
wise than anybody else on the green'earth,
had uttered the wonderful saying that if the
members of Congress became corrupt the peo-
ple would thereby suffer. Is not this remark-
ably learned and profound? Go back to the
Revolution to quote what somebody said, and
because that somebody said it it was true, when
every school-boy knew that if all the mem-
bers of Congress became corrnpt the people
would suffer.
Hut, Mr. Speaker, look at the insult to this
body. This commission, in the language which
I have quoted, have declared thatull the mem-
bers of Congress are corrupt, because they
say that members of Congress cannot have the
appointment of offices in their hand without
becoming corrupt. Now, sir, will the mem-
bers on this floor admit this ; or will they not
repel the slander with the scorn and contempt
it deserves?
From time immertiorial it has been the com-
mon law and the practice for the members of
Congress to fill the appointments, and, indeed,
this " commission" admit this in their " re-
port" in the following language.
"These are some of the serious and threatening
evils of the present practice of treating the inferior
posts  f administration as party prises."
So you sea that this commission (who by
the way are selected and set apart as a body
of men superior to all others) admit that for
years upon years the practice has been for
members of Congress to fill a large share of
the appointments, and then throw the slander
in the teeth of members of Congress by telling
them that they cannot perform those functions
without becoming corrupt. Will you stand it?
I wonder if the member from Vermont does
not want to introduce another bill to gag the
people's Representatives. I ask again, will
members of this Congress stand it? But this
commissiom will reply, as the rebels did to the
Government when the States began to secede,
What are you going to do about it? I will tell
thein what we will do about it: whip them
as this great Government did the rebels. We
will repeal the law under and by virtue of
which this astute " commission" has framed
the "civil service rules;" we will repeal the
law which was concocted by a traitor to his
party for the purpose of breaking up such
party, and upon its ruins ride into the presi-
dential chair. The originator of such law,
being well aware that from its obnoxiousness
it never would see daylight in this House,
hooked it on to the tail of an appropriation
bill at the heel of the session, on the very last
night, so that he might steal it through Con-
gress to avoid its getting an airing.
Now hear what this wise " commission"
farther say about members of Congress :
" It exasperates party spirit," * * * *
"the present practice," * * * * "and
perverts the election." * •    
entices Congress to desert the dnties to which it is
especially designated by the Constitution, and tempts
the Executive to perilous intrigue. Politics cannot
be made a mere trade without dangerously relaxing
tho moral character of the country."
Who made this " civil service commission "
governor and ruler over members of Con-
gress? And, Mr. Speaker, who put the
morals of this great, patriotic, and liberty-lov-
ing country into the hands of these men who
wrote this homily on members of Congress ?
I wonder if the member from Vermont will
not introduce another bill making it a penal
offense, yea, a crime, for the people's Repre-
sentatives to say their soul is their own ! How
far short are these sentiments of the old
Star Chamber of Great Britain, upon whose
fiat men were dragged from their homes,
thrust into dungeons, and sentence of death
pronounced upon them without the privilege
of defense by witnesses or jury ?
I as^ain ask, will members of Congress so
far sink flieir manhood and independence as
to submit to be lectured thus by this self-
styled and arrogant " commission?"
Mr. Speaker, every member on this floor
knows in his heart of hearts that this "civil
service commission" is a cheatand a swindle.
And now, getatlemen, come forward like men
who dare do right, and face the music, and lay
the legislative hand upon this monster of
tyranny and strangle it while in its infancy.
It cannot be charged upon me that this is an
effort on my part to gain political advance-
ment, becanse I utterly declined to accept of
a renomination to Congress. Mr. Speaker, I
am advancing these sentiments from a love of
my country, from a profound conviction of the
rank despotism of this so-called "civil service
reform," and because before God I believe its
main object is to destroy the great loyal party
of the country, such being the chief design
of the originator of this wicked scheme. No
one has been louder mouthed on civil service
reform than the late Liberals. They were for
civil service reform ; that is to say. they were
in favor of bestowing the offices of the coun-
try upon friend and foe alike, without regard
to party or even loyalty. And yet the great
Demo-Liberal candidate for the Presidency,
in a well-considered, written campaign speech,
delivered in Portland, declared that if he
should succeed in gaining the Presidency he
would give the offices to his friends, which,
by the way, would be traitors and Democrats.
And although this cry of civil service reform
was started by a Liberal, a traitor to his party,
and during the presidential campaign was the
battle-cry which echoed from rebel camp to
rebel camp throughont the broad land, yet,
Mr. Speaker, you and 1 and all others every-
where knew that it was a hypocritical cry, and
that they did not mean what they said. And
Greeley was either too honest, or too big a fool,
not to say so. And after he at Portland
announced that if elected his policy would be
"to the victors belong the spoils," no Liberal
denied that such would be his rule of conduct.
And, Mr. Speaker, you and I know that it was
the settled understanding universally among
Republicans and Demo Liberals, by everybody
and everywhere, that should Greeley succeed
in reaching the Presidency he would remove
all Republicans and put in their places " his
friends," and the friends of the new coalition
of rebels, Democrats, and Liberals.
And, Mr. Speaker, I think that it will not
be charged as an extravagant expression when
I say that the so-called "civil service reform"
was regarded by all parties as a humbug, and
as a mask to be worn in anticipation of and
during the presidential campaign ; and, as the
strongest proof of this, I refer to the Pennsyl-
vania delegation ; a delegation from the great,
almost-controlling State in the Union—Penn- ■
sylvania, headed Dy one of the shrewdest and
most influential politicians of the country,
with the Governor-elect, requesting the removal
of one officer and the putting in his place of an-
other, npon the ground, among others, of hav-
ing done extra good service for the Republican
party during the campaign. Nobody knew
better than Senator Cameron and that dele-
gation that the "civil service rules" were in
full force, and they well knew that according
to those rules party lines had been abolished,
and in the distribution of the offices rebels,
Democrats, and all under a Republican ad-
ministration were to share alike. And they
also knew—none knew better—that under
those rules permanence in office was to be the
rule; and they knew that it was a cardinal
principle of those rules that an officer could
not be removed to give place to another. This
delegation knew all this. They knew that the'
"civil service rules" were in operation, and
they knew that by the terms of those rules
the whole practice of the Government, from
time immemorial almost, had been radically
hanged. And yet, notwithstanding all that
knowledge, in a delegated body, they called
upou the President and demanded that the
