2120
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3
from Ohio [Mr. Garfield] in relation to the
business of the House after the recess it will
take to-night?
The SPEAKER. It will be in order, but
there is a bill pending.
The pending bill was then passed, two
thirds voting in favor thereof.
crow indians in montana.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was Senate bill No. 1282, to authorize the Sec-
retary of the Interior to negotiate with the
chiefs and head-men 'of the Crow tribe of
Indians for the surrender of their reservation
in the Territory of Montana.
Mr. MITCHELL. I ask that this bill be
put upon its passage.
Mr. SHANKS. This bill has the approval
of the Committee on Indian Affairs.
The bill, which was read, authorizes the
Secretary of the Interior to negotiate with the
chiefs and head-men of the Crow tribe of In-
dians, in the Territory of Montana, for the
surrender of their reservation in said Territory,
or of such part thereof as may be consistent
with the welfare of the said Indians; provided
that any such negotiation shall leave the re-
mainder of said reservation in compact form
and in good locality for farming purposes,
having within it a sufficiency of good land for
farming and a sufficiency for water and timber;
and if there is upon such reservation a locality
where fishing could be valuable to the Indians,
to include the same if practicable ; and the
Secretary shall report his action in pursuance
of this act to Congress, at the next session
thereof, for its confirmation or rejection.
The bill was passed, two thirds voting in
favor thereof.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Symp-
son, one of its clerks, informed the House
that the Senate had agreed to the committee
of conference on the disagreeing votes of the
two Houses on the bill (H. R. No. 2991) mak-
ing appropriations for the legislative, execu-
tive, and judicial expenses of the Government
for the year ending June 30, 1874, and for
other purposes.
The message further announced that the
Senate insisted upon its amendments dis-
agreed to by the House upon the bill (H.
R. No. 4051) making appropriations to sup-
ply deficiencies in the appropriations for the
service of the Government for the fiscal year
ending June 30, 1873, and for other purposes,
agreed to the conference asked by the House
on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
thereon, and had appointed Mr. Cole, Mr.
Harlan, and Mr. Hamilton of Maryland, as
the conferees on the part of the Senate.
order of business.
Mr. PARNSWORTH. I move that the
House now take a recess until half past nine
o'clock a. m. I understood that the Senate has
agreed to the report of the committee of con-
ference upon the legislative appropriation bill.
The other bills will not be ready for action of
the House before that time.
The question was taken upon the motion for
a recess; and upon a division there were—•
ayes twenty-four, noes not counted.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. FARNSWORTH called for the yeas
and nays. The yeas and nays were not or-
dered, there being but ten in the affirmative,
not one fifth of the last vote.
So the motion was not agreed to.
order of business.
The SPEAKER. The Chair desires to
admonish the House that during the absence
of the Speaker this evening a resolution was
passed which will prevent the transaction of
any business to-morrow morning after a recess,
except the reception of conference reports and
the announcement of enrolled bills. It would
be a great relief to the Chair if such an order
should prevail, but he doubts whether the
House, on consideration, would deem it advisa-
ble to make such an order.
Mr. AMBLER. The resolution was amended
by inserting after "to-morrow" the words "at
ten o'clock."
Mr. STEVENSON. I move that the rules
be suspended, and the resolution rescinded.
The SPEAKER. It is an unusual resolu-
tion—one for which the Chair has never known
a precedent in his congressional experience.
Mr. RANDALL. The object of the reso-
lution is a most excellent one.
Mr. STEVENSON. I move that the rules
be suspended, and the resolution rescinded.
Mr. HOLMAN. This resolution was adopted
either by unanimous consent or by a suspen-
sion of the rules.
Mr. STEVENSON. But under a motion
to suspend the rules it can be rescinded.
Mr. RANDALL. Oh, no.
The SPEAKER. Oh, yes; it can be re-
scinded under a suspension of the rules.
Mr. HOLMAN. I hope it will not be
rescinded. It is a good rule.
Mr. RANDALL, Will the Speaker state
what is the necessity for rescinding it. Why
not let it stand for a while ? If we find it
necessary to rescind it we ean do so.
Mr. STEVENSON. I insist on my motion
that the rules be suspended, and the resolution
rescinded.
Mr. RANDALL. If any necessity should
exist, we can rescind the resolution to-morrow
morning just as well as now.
Mr. HOAR. I wish to make a parliament-
ary inquiry: does not this resolution place us
exactly where we would be without it? That
is, would not a motion to suspend the rules
and pass any measure be in order under that
resolution just as it is now ?
Mr. STEVENSON. But such a motion to
suspend must be made in each separate case.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will direct the
Clerk to read the resolution.
The Clerk read as follows:
Resolved, That after the recess taken until to-mor-
row morning at ten o'clock, no business shall be
transacted, except signing and reporting of enrolled
bills and the consideration of conference reports.
The SPEAKER. Under this resolution
the Chair would not consider himself at liberty
to entertain a motion to suspend the rules.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I understand that
the amendment proposed by the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Ambler] to insert " ten
o'clock" was not adopted.
Mr. PERCE. So I understood.
Mr. AMBLER. It was distinctly under-
stood that that amendment was inserted.
Mr. STEVENSON. Does the Speaker rale
that under that resolution he cannot entertain
a motion to suspend the rules ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair would consider
the resolution as a specific agreement that no
business should be transacted except the two
classes of business specified, the announce-
ment of enrolled bills and the presentation of
conference reports. The Chair does not con-
sider that, under the resolution, it would be
proper for him to entertain any other business
whatever.
Mr. STEVENSON. But that resolution
does not take effect until after ten o'clock.
The SPEAKER. It does not.
Mr. STEVENSON. Then before that time
it is in order to suspend the rules. The reso-
lution ought to be rescinded. I insist on my
motion that the rules be suspended, and the
resolution rescinded.
Mr. HOLMAN. If the House should take
a recess until nine o'clock to-morrow morn-
ing, would not the Chair entertain ordinary
business from that time until ten o'clock?
The SPEAKER. Certainly.
Mr. HOLMAN. This would give us an
entire hour for general business.
Mr. BU1LER, of Massachusetts. Why tie
our hands now?
The question being taken on the motion of Mr.
Stevenson, it was agreed to, there being—ayes
105, noes 30.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move that the House take
a recess until nine o'clock to-morrow morning.
The motion was not agreed to; there being—
ayes thirty-two, noes not counted.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move that a recess
be taken until eight o'clock to-morrow morn-
ing.
The motion was not agreed to.
patents and copyrights.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the bill (S. No. 1369) to amend an act
entitled "An act to revise, consolidate, and
amend the statutes relating to patents and
copyrights," approved July 8, 1870, which was
homestead settlers.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was a bill (S. No. 1434) to authorize preeraptors
or settlers upon homesteads on the public land
to alienate portions of their preemptions or
homesteads for certain publie purposes; which
was read a first and second time.
The bill, which was read, provides that any
person who has already settled or hereafter
may settle on the public lands of the United
States, either by preemption or by virtue of
the homestead law or any amendments there-
to, shall have the right to transfer by warranty,
against his or her own acts, any portion of his
or her preSmption or homestead for church
or school purposes, or for the right of way of
railroads across such preemption or home-
stead, and the transfer for such public purposes
shall in no way vitiate the right to complete
and perfect the title to their preemptions or
homesteads.
The bill was ordered to a third reading, and
it was accordingly read the third time, and
enrolled bills.
Mr. BIRD, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that they had examined
and found truly enrolled, a bill of the follow-
ing title; when the Speaker signed the same :
An act (S. No. 1203) for the creation of a
court for the adjudication and disposition of
certain moneys received into the Treasury,
under an award made by the tribunal of arbi-
tration, constituted by the first article of the
treaty concluded at Washington, the 8th of
May, A. D. 1871, between the United States of
America and the Queen of Great Britain.
grace b. peck.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was a bill (S. No. 1525) for the relief of Grace
B. Peck; which was read a first and second
time.
The bill, which was read, provides that from
the 14th day of September, 1855, to the 19th
day of February, 1863, Grace B. Peck, widow
of Captain Elisha Peck, shall be allowed the
difference between the pay her late husband
received as commander and the pay of a cap-
tain on the retired list of the United States
Navy.
Mr. KELLOGG. I hope that bill will be
put npon its passage.
The bill was ordered to a third reading, and
it was accordingly read the third, time and
john l. pendkiiy.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was a bill (S. No. 1524) for the relief of John
L. Pendery, surviving partner of Pendery &
Gambell, attorneys; which was read a first and
second time.
The bill, which was read, provides that the
sum of $500 be appropriated out of any money
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, to
pay to John L. Pendery, surviving partner of
Pendery it Gambell, for legal services rendered *
in proceedings in the United States circuit court
against trespassers on the Delaware Indian
