198
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 14.
yet—of promotion, for example, by competitive ex-
amination from rank to rank 111 the army, from grade
10 grade in the civil service.
" Bat in despite of nil our past experience of im-
i>ossiMe lollies realized, we refuse to believe in the
bility of such folly a.-- this. The certainty that
it would at once and completely, to the extreme
annoyance and discomfiture of the authors of the
change, demorali*e every regiment and every office
to which it should be applied—every man forthwith
neglecting the duties which would not help him to
promotion for the studies which would—must re-
strain even Mr. Lowe trom carrying the competitive
craxe to ibis climax of eonsisteut absurdity. Con-
sistent—for if the principle be Rood at all, it is good
so far; if competition be a better test than experi-
ence for first appointments.it is so for promotion;
if a chiet may not appoint an outsider to a clerkship
on his own knowledge of the man's fitness, there is
no reason why he should be allowed on his own
knowledge of the man's fitness to promote the clerk
to a higher post. Absurdity, nearly all will allow;
and such a rcducfio mi ahuirjihu of tho system, were
it not too much to hope for, would be about the best
thing we could desire.
" it would briug to an ond speedily, finally, amid
the general ridicule, a practice and doctrine which
otherwise may linger long and do an infinity of mis-
chief before any political party baa the courage
boldly to denounce them as unsound and pestilent.
Already, however, we discern some faint signs of a
reaction in the political and official world, and be-
yond that world, happily, the theory has not
spread far or taken deep root. The present ministry
has pushed on too fast and too far; its successors, if
they choose to assert the .rights inseparable from re-
sponsibility, and decline to be bound by any me-
chanical selection of the instruments with which
they must work, if they frankly deny the supposed
divine right of the smartest and insist that good
breeding and social education are more valuable
qualifications for an official than trigonometry or
Greek. There is nothing essentially popular in the
competitive system. Fair play for talent is one
thing, a monopoly of life's priies for a special oiass
of talents another, and a far less attractive one, and
on the whole we believe that Englishmen would
quite as readily accept the assumption that the high
places of the national service are open to the chil-
dren of any man who can make his mark around
him, (with fair play and full opportunity to able men
of a lower class to rise by practical services,) as the
doctrine that these plaoee are the perquisites of suc-
cessful scholars and fortunate public teachers.
" Of all oligarchies, of all monopolies, a recognized
oligarchy of precooioas talent.monopolizing the good
things of life by sheer right of academic superiority,
is one of the most offensive and irritating; and we
see no reason to believe that, if the competitive
system were swept away to-morrow, any consider-
able class of the community would bestir itself,
even by petition or public meeting, to vindicate
the vested right of scholastic proficiency to com-
mand the British army and administer the British
empire.
"The idea, of one ' board' selecting qualified per-
sons for every appointment in the civil service is
preposterous. Let us take a case to test the pro-
ceedings of the commissioners. The principal
librarian of the British Museum or the director of
Kew Gardens wants a man possessing special knowl-
edge on some particular subject. After many
inquiries he finds one who satisfies his requirements
in every respect. The candidate has made this sub-
ject the study of his life, and perhaps knows more
aboat it than any one in the kingdom ; but neither
the authorities of the British Museum nor those of
Kew Gardens can give him the appointment with-
out his passing the ordeal of the civil service exam -
ination. He may be a foreigner and cannot spell
English correctly, or, having devoted his time and
energies to scientific researches, he may be sadly
deficient in history, and naively suppose George III
to be the son of George II. What can it matter, the
intelligent reader may ask?
"The civil service commission, however, take a
different view. " What I' they say, 'appoint a man
who cannot spell, and who is ignorant of the most
elementary facts in the history of our country 1'
Straightway he is rejected. In vain do the au-
thorities of the Museum or Kew Gardens assure
the commsssioners that the candidate is the very
man whom they want, and that his deficiencies in
spelling and history will not in the least interfere
with the efficient discharge of the duties of the ollice.
To all such representations the commissioners turn
a deaf ear. They appoint a man whose spelling is
unexceptionable, ana who can repeat by rote the
names of all the sons of Edward III, and lucidly
explain the origin of the war of the Roses; but who
is inferior in the speoial knowledge required to the
candidate whom they have rejected. Is it surpris-
ing that the heads of departments should feel in-
dignant when they see the interests of the public
service sacrificd to such pedantry and should loudly
call for a reform in the constitution of the civil
service 7"
Now, Mr. Speaker, again hear what our
"civil service commission " say. The follow-
ing is their language:
" There has been long a profound conviction that
the system of appointments to the civil service upon
politieal considerations only is one which reason
and experience equally show to bo fatal to economy
of administration and to republican institutions."
Then they refer to Burke for some learned
expression, and then procoed to say :
" But our system of the civil service courts waste.
It violatos the fundamental principles of thrift and
economy; it fosters personal and political corrup-
tion ; it paralyjos legislative honor and vigilance; it
weakens and degrades official conduct; it tempts
dangerous ambition; and, by poisoning the springs
of moral action, it vitiates the character of tho peo-
ple and endangers tho national prosperity and per-
manence."
Mr. Speaker, I say that the above is false,
and a libel upon members of this House and
an insult to the people. Talk about the
character of this great people being vitiated !
A people who by their patriotism and energy
crushed the greatest rebellion oil record, to bo
told that by having had the privilege for years
upon years through their representatives in
Congress of fixing the appointments to office
throughout the country, they thereby became
11 vitiated!" As one of this same people's
Representatives) I hurl back this slauder with
scorn.
Who authorized this commission to lecture
this brave aud patriotic people? A people
who gave hundreds of thousands of its sons to
rescue this Government from the hands of
traitors, and who offered up hundreds of
thousands of its sons upon the altar of free-
dom to perpetuate liberty and its blessings,
will not tamely submit to this insult. This
"commission" in this "report," and the Lib-
erals during the presidential campaign, loudly
proclaimed that the civil service in this Gov-
ernment had become very corrupt. Now, Mr.
Speaker, such charge was and is notoriously
false, aud the falsehood has beeu nailed to the
mast-head. It is all a malignant assertion
without a particle of proof. Without contra-
diction, the past civil service of this country
has been the best and purest the world ever
saw; less money wasted than in any other
civil service in the world. And yet this com-
mission, for the purpose of proving the civil
service to be bad, startled the whole country
by declaring in their report that out of every
$400,000,000 collected through the civil ser-
vice of the country $100,000,000 were lost in
its collection ; and Senator Trumbull, on the
stump in Illinois, cited this charge of this com-
mission to prove the corruption of Grant's
administration.
Now, Mr. Speaker, that it may not be said
that I have misrepresented this " civil service
commission," I will quote their exact language:
" But it is calculated by those who have made a
careful study of all tho facts that one fourth of the
revenues of the United States are annually lost in
the collection, and for a large part of that loss a sys-
tem of the service which is fatally unsound may
icasonably be held responsible."
I think, Mr. Speaker, that there can no longer
be any doubt that the civil service commission
unblushingly made the false declaration that
" one fourth of the revenues were lost in the
collection."
I should think that the report was written by
Trumbull, or by a rebel; at least, it is signed
by one of the meanest Liberals during the last
campaign ; that is, Medill one of the editors
and owners of the meanest Liberal paper in
the laud, the Chicago Tribune.
Mr. Speaker, when the bill was introduced by
the member from Vermont making it a crime
for the people's Representatives to consult
with the Presidentin regard to the civil service
one member from Missouri [Mr. Finkelsf-
burg] declared that he should Vote td be
gagged, because it was a great trouble to be
consulted by bis constituents about the offices
in the country. Mr. Speaker, I recfeOft when
a man accepts the honorable place of a nKtem-
ber of this House he thereby consents to take
upon himself its duties, burdens, and its re-
sponsibilities, and when he gets above it he had
better resign atid go home, and let some one
fill his place who is willing to accept its respon-
sibilities as well as to share in its honors.
There is no doubt of the fact that it would be
far easier for members of this HouBe to be i-e-
lieved of filling the appointments. But do
members come here for the purpose of relieving
themselves of duties? No, sir ; it is not for mem-
bers of Congress to hold their arms and quietly
take their ease. They came here to look out,
watch, and guard the people's interest.
I Mr. Speaker, it may be said that the Repub-
lican party committed itself to those civil ser-
vice rules in its platform at Philadelphia ; but
they did no such thing. Everybody knows
that civil service was not in issue during the
campaign. The main grapple was with the
old pro-slavery rebel element; every other
issue was lost sight of. All loyal Republicans
saw that Grant must be elected President or
the rebels would once more get into power and
again control the Government. Everybody
knew that poor old Greeley was nothing but a
figure-head, and if he should happen to be
elected to the Presidency the rebel element
would mold him like wax, and hence the
I whole loyal element in the country was
aroused, and the one great overshadowing
issue became Grant or rebel rule. The Re-
publican party triumphed, and elected Grant
in spite of the civil service humbug, and not
by its aid.
Mr. Speaker, I here proclaim the fact that
the adoption of the civil service humbug will
be the death-knell of any party who adopts
the same. This civil service scheme will
eventually eat out the life of the grand Re-
publican party unless abolished, and now is
the time to come to the rescue.
Mr. Speaker, what a stupendous oligarchy,
or rather what a gigantic ring, these "civil
service rules " in the end will build up. Take,
for instance, this Philadelphia post office as
an illustration. The President announced that
if the postmaster's place for any cause, either
by resignation or death, should become vacant
he would fill it with his subordinate next to
him ; and, upon the same principle, if afterward
the subordinate's place should become vacant,
then the next subordinate would be promoted
to the dignity of postmaster. And in this way,
I upon the same principle, to carry out the logic
; correctly, it would run through all the depart-
| ments.
1 The President dies, the Vice President takes
his place; the Vice President dies, the Secre-
tary of State takes his place ; the Secretary of
State dies, and then some -other Secretary be-
comes President, and so on in a ring. In all
the Departments, according to this new-
fangled civil service scheme, whenever a place
is vacated by a superior the next employ*}
under him steps into his shoes. So that all
there is to be done to perpetuate the offices iu
one family or dynasty is for the men holding
these Government offices to see to it that
their brothers, sons, and all their cousins aud
uncles are subordinates under them ; and thu
would not be limited to the thirty thousand
post offices throughout this broad land, but tho
ring would encircle within its insatiable grasp
the sixty thousand offices throughout the entire
Government. Now, if this is not a ring, what
would you call a ring ? This is not a vain
and shadowy imagination, but the picture
which I have presented is true. No one can
deny it, because the President told the Penn-
sylvania delegation that that was the rule by
which he should be governed ; in otber words,
that he should follow the "ring." What a
stupendous tyranny to be planted right in the
midst of & free Government 1 Where then
would be your boasted freedom ?
If these civil service rules are suffered to
stand, what an offensive oligarchy and ring they
will build up. Why, already I have been told
by one of the heads in one of the Departments
that the college-bred fellows put on airs and
turn up their noses and contemptuously tell
their superiors, "You cannot remove me for
any delinquencies, for I am in under the civil
service rules."
Once more I ask, are you, the people's Rep-
