1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE*
1163
ley, Hay, Gerry W, Ilazelton, John W. Hazelton,
Herndon, Hibbard. Hill, Hoar, llooper, Houghton,
Kelley, Kellogg, Kctchara, Killinger, King, Lam-
port, Lansing, Lowe, Marshall, Maynard, McCrary,
McGrew, McJunkin, McKee, Merriam, Mitchell,
Monroe, Morphis, Leonard Myers, William E. Nib-
lack. Packard, Packer, Palmer, Isaac C. Parker,
Pendleton, Porter, Rainey. Ellis H. Roberts, John
Rogers, Sion H. Rogers, Rusk, Sargent, Sawyer, Sco-
iield. Sessions, Sheldon, Shellabarger, Shoemaker,
H. Boardman Smith, John A. Smith, Snyder, Speer,
Sprague, Starkweather, Stevenson, StoughtOn, St.
John, Sutherland, Taffe, Thomas, Washington Town-
send, Turner, Twichell. Tyner, Upson, Voorhees,
Waddell, Wakeman, Walden, Waldron, Wallace,
Warren, Wells, Willard, Williams of Indiana, Wil-
liams of New York, and John X. Wilson—126.
NAYS—Messrs. Acker. Adams. Arthur. Beatty,
James B. Beck, Bell, Bird, James (J. Blair, Braxton,
Bright, Caldwell, Cox, Crossland, Dodds, Dox, Du-
Bose, Eldredge, Qetz, Hanks, Holman, Kerr, Leach,
Maclntyre, Manson, McCormick, Benjamin F.
Meyers, Morgan, Silas L. Niblack, Hosea W. Par-
ker, Read, Sbober, Slater, Storm, Terry, Winchester,
and Young—36.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ames, Barnnm, Erasmus
W. Beck, Bigby, Austin Blair, Boarman, Brooks,
Burdett, Benjamin P. Butler, Campbell, Carroll,
Coghlan. Conner, Crebs, Creely. Darrall, Duke,
JForker, Henry D. Foster, Garfield, Goodrich, Hal-
deman, Hancock, Handley, John T. Harris, Havens,
Hoys, Hereford, Kendall, Kinsella, Lamison, Lewis,
Lynch, McClelland, McHenry, McKinney, McNeely,
Merrick, Moore, Morey, Negley, Orr, Peck, Perce,
Perry, Peters, Piatt, Poland, Potter, Price, Prindle,
Randall, Edward Y. Rice, John M. Rice, Ritchie,
William R. Roberts, Robinson, Roosevelt, Seeley,
Shanks, Sherwood, Slocum, Sloss, Worthington C.
Smith, Snapp, Stevens, Stoweil, Swann, Sypher,
Dwight Townsend, Tuthill. Van Trump, Vaughan,
Wheeler, Whiteley, Whitthorne, Jeremiah M. Wil-
son, and W ood—78.
So the bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read the third time.
During the roll-call, the following announce-
ments were made:
Mr. PARKER, of Missouri. My colleague,
Mr. Burdett, is detained from the House by
sickness; and my colleague, Mr. Havens, is
absent on account of a death in his family.
Mr. W. R. ROBERTS. On this question
I am paired with my colleague, Mr. Potter,
who, if here, would vote "ay," while I should
vote " no."
The result of the vote was announced as
above stated.
The bill being engrossed, was read a third
time.
Mr. BIGGS. I move that the House now
adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
The bill was then passed.
enrolled bills signed.
Mr. BUCKLEY, from the Committee on
Enrolled Bills, reported that the committee
had examined and found truly enrolled bills
of the following titles; when the Speaker
signed the same:
An act (H. R. No. 333) for the relief of Mrs.
M. S. Morse, widow of Isaac E. Morse,
dccGftSfid *
An act '(H. R. No. 2880) for a public build-
ing at Atlanta, Georgia;
An act (H. R. No. 3010) to authorize the
construction of eight steam vessels of war, and
for other purposes;
An act (H. R. 3555) to remove the disabil-
ities of William A. Graham, a citizen of North
Carolina; ,
An act (H. R. No. 3722) to remove the
disabilities, of A. B. Hardcastle, of Missis-
sippi; and
An act (S. No. 1441) making an appropria-
tion to defray the expenses of the investiga-
tions in regard to elections in Kansas, Louis-
iana, and Arkansas.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Symp-
sox, one of its clerks, informed t-he House
that the Senate had passed with amendments,
in which the concurrence of the House was
requested, bills of the House of the following
titles:
A bill (H. R. No. 3258) making appropria-
tions for the consular and diplomatic service
of the Government for the year ending June
30, 1874, and for other purposes; and
A bill (H. R. No. 3352) making"appropria-
tions for the construction, preservation, and
repairs of certain fortifications and other works
of defense.
fortification appropriation bill.
The SPEAKER. The fortification appro-
priation bill, which has been in charge of the
;entleman from Indiana, [Mr. Niblack,] has
been returned from the Senate with two
amendments, in which he does not desire the
concurrence of the House. He asks that non-
concurrence may be entered, and the matter
sent to a committee of conference. If there
be no objection, that order will be made.
There was no objection, and it was ordered
accordingly.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I move that
the House adjourn.
The motion was agreed to ; and accordingly
(at four o'clock and forty-five minutes p. m.)
the House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
nnder the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. ARTHUR : The petition of Ange-
lina Fuller, widow of the late Duncan Fuller,
private in company B seventh Kentucky cav-
alry, asking a pension.
By Mr. PECK: The petition of James Sim-
mons, editor of the Perrysburg Journal, ask-
ing that papers, whether printed wholly or in
part in the county, pass free of postage.
By Mr. PL ATT : The petition of Isaac M.
Hale, for a pensiou.
By Mr. RAINEY: The petition of Alex-
ander McLevel, of South Carolina, praying to
be paid for cotton illegally seized.
By Mr. TWICHELL: The petition of H.
H. McDowell, for a pension.
By Mr. WALDRON: The remonstrance of
John Cheever, of Dundee, Michigan, against
the second section of the proposed amendment
to the postal laws.
By Mr. WILLIAMS, of New York: The
petition of members of the bar of Niagara
county, New York, for an increase of salary
of the judge of the United States district court
for the northern district of New York.
Also, the petition of members of the bar of
Onondaga county, New York, in favor of the
IN SENATE.
Friday, February 7, 1873.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. P. New-
man, £>. D.
The Secretary read the Journal of yester-
day's proceedings.
Mr. SCHUEZ. I wish to have a correction
made in the Journal. As I understood the
reading of it, it was stated that the Senate
receded from its second amendment to House
joint resolution No. 170, to enable the people
of the United States to participate m the
advantages of the international exposition to
be held afVienna in 1873. That second amend-
ment, providing that there should not be twelve
mechanics merely, but eight mechanics and
seven scientific men, sent to the Vienna expo-
sition for the purpose of making reports, was
insisted upon by the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection that correction will be made ; and it
will be made. The action yesterday on the
Senate amendments was by unanimous eon-
sent, and, not being reduced to writing, was not
correctly stated.
executive communication.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate a letter of the Secretary of the Inte-
rior, transmitting two reports of the surveyor
general of New Mexico on private landclaims ;
which was referred to the Committee on Pri-
vate Land Claims, and ordered to be printed.
petitions and memorials.
The VICE PRESIDENT presented a me-
morial of the Legislative Assembly of Dakota
Territory, asking that Yancton be made a port
of entry, 8<id that a marine hospital be located
at that place; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. WRIGHT. I present the petition of
W. L. Benham, publisher of the Newton Free
Press, of the city of Newton, Jasper county,
Iowa, and also the petition of A. L. Wigton,
publisher of the Malcom Gazette, of the city
of Malcolm, county of Poweshiek, Iowa,
reciting that there is a bill now before Con-
gress to amend the postal laws; that by the
second section of the bill itis provided, among
other things, in reference to printed matter,
that the Postmaster General shall have the
power to make certain regulations ; that it also
contains a proviso "that weekly newspapers,
within the respective counties where the same
are actually and wholly printed and published,
and none other, may pass through the mails
free of postage," &c. These petitioners rep-
resent that the words "and wholly printed
and" make an unjust discrimination against
them, and, as they allege, against some thir-
teen hundred other publishers of newspapers
in the United States, or about two fifths of
all the publishers of country newspapers in
the United States. They therefore pray that
the words "and wholly printed and" may
be omitted from the section; and set forth at
length the reasons in favor of such a change.
I move the reference of these petitions to the
Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. FENTON. I present a memorial from
prominent citizens of the city of New York,
remonstrating against the repeal of the bank-
rupt law, in which is contained an account of
the manner in which the five thousand signa-
tures to the petition which was presented to
the Senate a few days ago were secured. I
move that this memorial lie on the table, as
the bill is now before the Senate.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I present a petition
from banks, and from some of the most active,
energetic, and respectable citizens of New Lon-
don, justifying the movement for the repeal of
bank taxes. It is accompanied by the same
circular which has been presented before, in
connection with other memorials from the
Albany National Exchange Bank ; and I will
take occasion to here to say that by this state-
ment the tax upon bank stock has amounted
in that case to $7 19 on the share per annum.
I desire to call the attention of the Commit-
tee on Finance and of the Senate to the fact
that this tax is a tax not upon the capital of
.the bank merely, but upon the business men
who hire that capital. If a commercial com-
pany hires the entire capital of a bank for the
purpose of prosecuting its business, it must
pay for the use of that capital this tax, which
is received by the Government, and also the
dividends which are paid, and the entire ex-
pense of managingthe bank. Now I submit 
Mr. SHERMAN. Will my friend from
Connecticut allow me to correct, a misappre-
hension in the public mind in regard to this
matter ?
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. Certainly.
Mr. SHERMAN. The taxation that these
parties complain of is mainly the local taxes.
The only tax imposed by the Government of
the United States on national banks is one per
cent, on the amount of their circulation, and
for that we print their notes and undergo the
whole expense of maintaining the system ot
national banks, and one half of one per cent,
on their deposits. Now, to create the impres-
sion that the United States impose a tax ol
