1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2123
Mr. COGHLAN. I desire to ask of the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Butler]
whether Judge Sherman has been before the
committee at all, or has been allowed to put
in any testimony?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. However
just or proper it may be to impeach Judge
Sherman (and of that I now express no opin-
ion) I do not think either the House or the
country will deem it consistent with justice,
upon a matter of so grave moment, to resolve
upon an impeachment without fuller investiga-
tion, and especially without allowing Judge
Sherman to come before the committee as he
has requested to do by counsel or in person,
and to bring such witnesses as he may have.
The Committee on the Judiciary have not
had time, since we have obtained the printed
testimony, to have_ a hearing of the case.
They are very anxious there shall be such a
hearing. If we should impeach Judge Sherman
to-day, nothing could be done with the case
now; he could not be tried until next Congress;
and he may be impeached on the first day of
the next session. Under these circumstances
I trust the House will not break into what has
been the well-established custom of the House
through its Judiciary Committee; that is, not
to impeach a man until his witnesses are heard,
if he desires to have them heard. Judge Sher-
man has not yet been heard, although he has
asked a hearing.
Mr. E. H. ROBERTS. The evidence before
the Committee of Ways and Means, which was
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary,
was taken in a case in which Judge Sherman
appeared as a witness. Of course he had no
opportunity to appear in his own behalf; and
it seems to me that it would be unjust to vote
now a formal impeachment, without notice to
him and without allowing him an opportunity
to be heard. It may be that at a later day the
resolution which is moved by my colleague
[Mr. Potter] may be proper. I cannot con-
ceive, however, that it is proper to formally
impeach a judge of the district court of the
United States, without giving him an oppor-
tunity to appear in his own behalf.
Mr. FRYE. Has not Judge Sherman been
heard by any committee?
Mr. E. H. ROBERTS. He has not been heard
before any committee. He appeared before
the Committee of Ways and Means as a wit-
ness. He has never been heard upon the
charges against him.
Mr. W. R. ROBERTS. Did he deny the
charges? It seems to that the letter of his,
which he does not deny, is a sufficient ground
for our action.
Mr. AMBLER. As a member of the bar
of the district I desire to say, that I hope
simple justice will be done in this controversy.
I do not undertake to express any opinion as
to the charges, but I do undertake to say that
Judge Sherman, who stands charged with a
very high misdemeanor, should, before the
House undertakes to impeach him, have a de-
cent hearing; he has, as I understand, asked
an opportunity to be heard before the Judi-
ciary Committee; and if he desires it he should
have an opportunity to appear before the com-
mittee ana be heard. And I hope that will be
granted without any controversy.
Mr. DODDS. I desire to ask the gentleman
from Massachusetts a question. I ask him
■what has been the custom of _the_ Committee
on the Judiciary in cases of this kind, whether
it has been customary to allow a party or judge
or other officer subject to impeachment to ap-
pear before the committee during the investi-
gation of the charges against him prior to pre-
ferring any articles of impeachment at the bar
of the Senate?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I will
give the gentleman and the House the prac-
tice. In the case of Judge Pickering m 1803
it was not done, in the case of Judge Chase it
whs not. done, but in every other case, in the
case of Judge Watrous. in the case of Judge
Peck, in the case even of Andrew Johnson, it
was done.
A Member. Oh no 1
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Pardon
me until I finish my statement. In the case
of Andrew Johnson he was notified of what
was going on, but never asked to appear. In
the case of Mr. Delahay, when we begun the
preliminary examination, we did not conclude
to hear counsel, but we sent a sub-committee
to Kansas that heard such witnesses as Judge
Delahay chose to summon and examine them.
Mr. BIN GHAM. Is there any case at all
where the Committee on the Judiciary or the
committee charged with the inquiry of impeach-
ment ever made a report to impeach anybody
without taking some testimony themselves?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Then I
was going to say further, in the case of Judge
Busteed, we heard him by himself and his
counsel. So the universal practice is to hear
more or less according to the discretion of the
committee, and the committee who have made
report in this case would have exercised that
discretion in favor of Judge Sherman if they
had time. They report back and recommend
the testimony be sent to the next House in
order that it may be investigated.
Mr. DODDS. I wish to ask one question.
Did Judge Sherman make any application to
be heard before the Judiciary Committee?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. He has
done so before the Judiciary Committee.
Mr. DODDS. It was refused then for want
of time ?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Not re-
fused for want of time, but we found no time
to go on with the examination. We did not
notify him further.
Mr. POTTER. I wish the House to under-
stand this case, and the responsibility will rest
with them and not with me.
Mr. DAWES. Allow me 
Mr. POTTER. Judge Sherman wrote to
the New York Board of Brokers letters which
are admitted by him and admitted by the letter
of his counsel to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary which I hold in my hand, from which it
appears that he offered for $10,000 to procure
certain action by the Treasury Department
and legislation in Congress through the influ-
ence of his brother, Senator Sherman, and of
members of this House and others who had
influence with the Secretary of the Treasury
or with Congress,
Subsequently the legislation referred to in
those letters was procured. And in later let-
ters, copies of which I hold in my hand, he
wrote to say he had procured it and he de-
manded his money ; and in the last of those
letters of date January, 1873, he intimated in
effect that inasmuch as this money had not
been paid to him, he would take measures to
procure adverse action in Washington which
might be injurious to persons connected wnh
the Stock Exchange. I propose, as soon as I
can do so, to have these letters read.
Judge Sherman was called as a witness be-
fore the Committee of Ways and Means, which
was inquiring as to whether there had been
corruption in Cougress. He testified in con-
nection with this tax legislation before that
committee in respect ol these letters. His
statement was prepared and laid before the
committee in regard to all these transactions
by way of explanation of the letters. Ques-
tions were then put to him by the committee,
and it will be seen by his answers that he then
and there declared that he never had seen
anybody in Washington on the subject of this
legislation ; that he had not been at Washing-
ton ; that he had not used any influence to
procure legislation or departmental action;
that what was done was done outside of him;
and that although he had subsequently de-
manded this sum of $10,000, be had not done
anvthing for it.
Mr. SPEl^R. Did he admit the genuine-
ness of the letters ?
Mr. POTTER. Oh, yes. And here is a
letter from his counsel saying he would like to
give another explanation in respect of them.
Now, as he admits that he did write letters in
which he agreed to control and subsequently
demanded $10,000 for having controlled legis-
lation, and as subsequently in his testimony
he declared that he never did anything, but in
effect attempted to blackmail these people in
respect to the influence which he asserted he
could control, we are forced to condemn him
out of his own mouth. Whichever of his
stories be true, whether the one or the other
or both, he is alike by his own confession unfit'
to sit on the bench as a judge. And it ap-
pears on his own letters and own explanation
of them there is no ground for the pretense that
he should have a further hearing before being
presented for trial. When the only testimony
by which to judge him is his own letters, with
his own explanation of those letters made de-
liberately and carefully, ought we not to decide
upon his action now and here, without waiting
a year for further explanations which can only
add, if they change the existing statements at
all, further contradiction to the present state-
ments now so conflicting, and yet both so dis-
graceful.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I yield to
my colleague, [Mr. Dawes.]
Mr. DAWES. The testimony given by
Judge Sherman before the Committee of
Ways and Means was given by him as a wit-
ness. There was no opportunity to appear in
his own defense. He was not arraigned before
the committee. He could not, therefore,
make any explanation of his testimony outside
of the questions which the committee were dis-
posed to put.
Although the committee were disposed to
put to Judge Sherman the questions which
they thought would bring out the entire facts,
yet he did not stand before the Committee of
Ways and Means in a position to defend him-
self. Now, however hard this may appear to
bear on Judge Sherman, it appears to me that
common fairness requires that he should have
an opportunity to be heard by himself or his
counsel, if he has any satisfactory explanation
to give, although I confess that I do not under-
stand how he can make such an explanation.
Yet never in my practice have I heard of any
one against whom the testimony bore so hard
that a court and a jury would not hear him,
would not give him some opportunity for de-
fense. I never heard of a judge of a United
States court in those circumstances, impeached
before the Senate without being given an op-
portunity to be heard, to show cause why he
should not be impeached, however hardly
while unexplained, and no evidence in his
defense, the case might seem to press upon
him. To treat any man in this way is_ not, it
seems to me, according to the principles of
fair play.
Mr. POTTER. I wish to have the letters
of Judge Sherman read at the desk. And I
wish to say that the responsibility in this mat-
ter belongs to the other side of the House.
It does not belong here. If gentleman on the
other side of the House can stand it we can.
Mr. DODDS. I wish to ask the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] this ques-
tion : whether it is the custom when a man is
arraigned before a grand jury to admit him to
be heard before that grand jury by person or
by counsel ?
Mr. DAWES. Certainly not.
Mr. DODDS. In the present case this
House is the grand jury.
Mr. BINGHAM. Not exactly.
Mr. DAWES. I do not raise my voice^ ia
defease of Judge Sherman, or in explanation
of those letters.
Mr. POTTER. There is his own explana-
tion. Is it satisfactory to you ?
Mr. DAWES. He was not arraigned before
our committee. He was called before our
committee and examined as a witness. He
