1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1165
the expense of occupying another building,
and leave there nor, only these structures but
the building that is now in process of con-
struction upon the ground at Judiciary square.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The proceeds
of the sale of these old shanties are to be paid
over to this. Women's Christian Association,
and the Governor of the Territory is not only
willing but anxious that this should be done.
These buildings are an eye-sore and they
ought to be removed at the earliest practicable
moment. The Women's Christian Association
will not only have the proceeds of whatever
these buildings may bring, but they will be
provided with rooms by the Governor for the
current year.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and
PUBLIC BUILDING AT MEMPHIS.
Mr. ALCORN submitted the following re-
port :
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the amendments of the
Senate to the bill (H. E. No. 2763) providing for a
building suited to the use of the custom-house, post
office. the pension and revenue bflicers and fchejudi-
cial officers of the UnitedStates, in the city of Mem-
phis, Tennessee, having met, after free and lull
conference have agreed to recommend, and do rec-
ominmend, to their respective Houses as follows :
That the House recede'from its disagreement to
the first amendment of the Senate, and agree to the
same with the following amendment: strike out the
word? proposed to be inserted by the Senate, and
insert in iieu thereof the following:
That the Secretary of the Treasury be, and he is
hereby, authorized and directed to cause plans and
estimates to be made for a fire-proof building, or a
building with a fire-proof vault extending to each
story, suitable for use as a custom-house, bonded
warehouse, court-house, and post offieeatMemphis,
Tennessee, the cost of which shall not exceed $400,-
000. including the cost of the site; and he is also
authorized in his discretion to sell or exchange the
lot now owned by the United States in the city of
Memphis, as a site for a court-house, for a new and
more eligible site for the erection of such building;
and the sum of $50,000 is hereby appropriated for
said purpose out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated.
And the Senate agree to the same.
That tbe House recede from its disagreement to
the second amendment of the Senate, and agree to
the same with the following amendment: in line
three, after the word " made," insert the words " and
a suitable site providedand the Senate agree to
tlffe same. _
J. L. ALCORN.
J. W. STEVENSON,
Managers on the vari of the Senate.
HORACE MAYNARD,
ERASTUS WELLS.
WALTER L. SESSIONS,
Managers on the part of the House,
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I was unable
to sign this report, and I desire to give my
reasons for not doing so. It will be seen that
this is rather a singular report. The original
bill provided for an expenditure of $200,000.
The Senate amended the bill by requiring an
investigation to be made by the Secretary of
the Treasury as to the terms upon which a site
could be secured, and that an estimate should
be made of the amount that would be neces-
sary for the construction of a proper building
thereon. The conference committee, without
any information from the Secretary of the
Treasury or any officer of the Government that
I am aware of, officially, rejected not only^the
amendment of the Senate, but also theoriginal_
bill, and proposed to authorize the erection of
a building which shall_ cost $400,000, and to
make only an appropriation of $50,000 now;
and all this before any official information is
communicated to the Senate as to the necessity
of any building, or if that necessity exists, as
to the amount that is necessary to be paid for
a site or for the construction of a building. I
think this is perhaps unexampled in our his-
tory touching reports by committees of conter-
ence, although we have a great many things
for which an example might be found.
Mr. President, the amount that is appropri-
ated annually for public buildings is getting to
be so considerable that it ought to receive the
careful attention of Senators. The amount
appropriated last year for public buildings
ontside of the city of Washington was over
$6,000,000. I have the amounts here as I
have collected from the statutes, and while I
make the total but $5,999,000 and something
Over, I am told by the architect of the Treas-
ury that it is really a little over $6,000,000.
If it is proposed to keep these appropriations
within reasonable limits, certaiuly tbe Senate
ought to pay some attention to the recom-
mendations of the respective committees of
the two Houses in relation to these public
buildings.
We know that members of the House and
Senators are all extremely anxious to have
public buildings erected in their immediate
localities. A change seems to have come over
Representatives and Senators, and the people
perhaps, and they now demand that these build-
ings shall be put up for something more than
the mere accommodation and convenience of
the Government; that they shall be costly
structures ; buildings that will be great orna-
ments to their respective localities-} so that in
places where formerly less than $100,000 was
asked for, three or four times that amount is
now demanded.
The committee of the Senate have felt com-
pelled to defer action on these various projects
until some department of the Governmenthas
said by some official communication that these
buildings are absolutely necessary. That has
been our general rule on this subject. We have
also endeavored not to report in favor of the
erection of more buildings than the architect
of the Treasury Department could properly
and carefully superintend in the course of the
year. We have also sought to provide that
they should not be so great in number as to
swell the demand upon the Treasury to an un-
reasonable amount.
Now, Mr. President, I desire to call your
attention and the attention of the Senators to
some .of the various propositions that have
heretofore passed both Houses of Congress,
though not with the authority of the Commit-
tee on Public Buildings and Grounds. We
have proposed to distribute these buildings
over the whole United States, providing first
for those that were most needed, and not con-
fining them all or mainly to one State to the
entire neglect of some others. The State of
Tennessee last year had an appropriation for
Knoxville; this year it has had one for Nash-
ville; and now we have pressed upon us this
proposition for another appropriation at Mem-
phis. I have no doubt that by another year
the Treasury would be able to bear the strain,
and perhaps Memphis should then come in iu
the front rank; but it does appear to me,
while looking over the whole ground, that we
have already done as much as we ought to be
called upon to do for Tennessee at this time,
while so many other States have demands that
are equally pressing upon us.
Look at the appropriations made for Omaha.
In March, 1869, we appropriated $25,000 for
a site for a public building there. In July,
1870, we appropriated $50,000, and provided
that tbe building should not exceed in its
entire expenditure the sum of $100,000. In
1871 we made an additional appropriation of
$50,000, and provided again that the building
should not exceed $100,000 with the cost of
the site. There was $25,000 more than the
secondappropriation made provided for. Then,
on the 10th of June, 1872, we appropriated
$100,000 more without any limit whatever.
These appropriations were put on the appro-
priation bill, and not offered by the committee
of either House, so far as I am informed,
certainly not by the committee of the Senate.
Take the case of the building at Knoxville.
In 1856 we made an appropriation for a fire-
proof building there, and the entire cost was
1 to be $88,000. But the site was not secured
and nothing was done. In 1869 an appropri-
ation passed for the completion of the custom-
house, court-house, and post office buildings at
Knoxville in addition to former appropriations
of $5,000. Then in 1870 we passed an act
reviving all former appropriations, and in
1871 we made an appropriation for the con-
tinuation of the construction of the custom-
house at Knoxville of $20,000. In 1872 we
passed a bill appropriating for the continuation
of tbe construction of the custom-house at
Knoxville, Tenuessee, $100,000. Thus, for a
building which was originally to cost only
$88,000, we have already appropriated $213,-
000. I find by the statutes that, while Knox-
ville was made a port of entry in 1852, in 1862
we repealed the law constituting Knoxville a
port of entry, and yet we have been making
appropriations of more than double the amount
at which the original bill limited the cost for
the construction, continuation, and completion
of the custom-house at Knoxville.
Under these circumstances, Mr. President,
may I not claim that before we authorize the
erection of a building at Memphis to cost
$400,000 we shall have a proper estimate
made by the Department, and also an estimate
or some mode provided by which we can
ascertain the amount that it will be necessary
to pay for a site. This bill, as now agreed
upon by the conference committee, proposes
to sell the existing site, and yet it is not known
at what cost a new site can be obtained, nor
is it known how much a proper building for
the accommodation of all the public interests
there will cost. I hope, therefore, that the
report of the conference committee will not
be concurred in.
Mr. ALCORN. Mr. President, I am not
here to examine into the economy of the ap-
propriations that have heretofore been made
by the Government in the construction of its
public buildings ; but without intending to de-
tain the Senate long, I may notice some few
points touching upon that question as connected
with the measure pending before the Senate.
Tbe question is not what has been properly ex-
pended and what improperly expended, but
the question is as to tbe propriety of the ex-
penditure now sought to be made for the pur-
pose of constructing a building for a custom-
house and post office, and other public offices
at Memphis. If I were to assist the honorable
Senator from Vermont in looking into the ap-
propriations of past sessions of Congress for
public buildings, I could show him that so far
as the district of country that lies south of that
line once called Mason and Dixon's line is con-
cerned but a meager amount of the public
money has gone for purposes of this kind. We
ask the attention of the Government to this
fact. We do not claim that there should be
any favoritism shown to tbe South. We sim-
ply ask that Congress shall look at the neces-
sities of the country in its various parts, the
revenues derived, and pass upon the claims
presented, according to their judgment as to
its propriety. _
What are the facts in regard to Memphis !
The Memphis post office handles about ten mil-
lions letters annually ; and that city transacts
a business whose cash reciepts yearly sum up
nearly a million dollars. Memphis owns steam-
boats representing a business of about nine
hundred thousand tons. Its shipments inward
and outward are estimated at a value annually
of upward of $100,000,000. Its tribute to
the national Treasury from customs duties
amounted for the year ending June 30, 1871, to
$85,032; its postal and custom revenues aggre-
gate together $160,000. What we ask is that
the Government of the United States shall
make a small appropriation for the construc-
tion of a public building at this place where
the annual receipts into the Treasury amount
to over $160,000.
This bill asks that the revenues ot that
place for less than three years shall be appro-
priated to the construction of a public hund-
i ing there, and that a public building shall
! be constructed there in the course of time,
I going forward with the construction as we
| can, and that the construction of that building
