S126
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
was throughout a confession of personal false-
hoods and false pretenses, evincing a fatal
insensibilty to the high motives and unswerv-
ing integrity which should ever characterize
the conduct of judicial officers.
In the first place, by his letters and other-
wise, he repeatedly claimed and asserted, as
a basis for his demand for $10,000 from the
Stock Exchange for lobby service that he had
personally visited Washington, and had had
interviews with the Commissioner of Internal
Revenue, and with the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, and with Senator Sherman, his brother,
who is chairman of the Senate Committee on
Finance, and with General G-abfield, chair-
man of Committee on Appropriations, and
with other prominent members of the Senate
and House, and exerted influence with all of
them, by the result of and by reason of which
the pecuniary interests of the Stock Exchange
were greatly promoted, the law modified in
their behalf, and ihat in consequence of his
great exertions it became the policy of the
Administration to repeal the tax of which the
Stock Exchange complained, which tax was
repealed.
Mr. PETERS. Will the gentleman allow
me to interrupt him with an inquiry ?
Mr. KERR. Certainly.
Mr. PETERS. I wish the gentleman would
bear in mind that the resolution of the com-
mittee is in these words:
To determine whether further investigation of the
conduct of said Sherman should not be had with a
view to presenting articles of impeachment if such
investigation should, in their judgment, justify such
action.
Mr. KERR. I am aware of the terms of
that resolution; and had something to do in
the adoption of it, and I have nothing now to
say in reference to the Judiciary Committee.
I do not criticise them. I do not say they
have not done their duty upon their con-
sciences. But it is for me to do my duty upon
my conscience; and I must say that I act here
on the testimony taken before the Committee
of Ways and Means. I know not whether
additional testimony was taken by the Judi-
ciary Committee or not.
Mr. PETERS. No, sir; nothing.
Mr. KERR. Very well. I do not know
whether additional testimony was offered by
the judge in question to be taken or produced
before that committee. I do not know whether
he has any other testimony that he can offer.
I know this only, that when he appeared before
the Committee of Ways and Means he had the
amplest opportunity, and it was accorded to
him in the kindest, and most respectful, and
unrestricted manner, to present to that com-
mittee any testimony, or any personal state-
ment or explanation that he desired to.make,
or could make of his conduct in the premises.
And I desire to say further that when he
appeared before that committee he did dis-
tinctly say, and he said all these things under
solemn oath, that all of his material state-
ments in those several letters were simplyun-
true, and without foundation of fact to support
them. He testified under oath that it was not
true that he had ever come to Washington as
alleged in his letters; and that it was not true
he had ever called upon, talked with, or at
tempted to influence the conduct of Senator
Sherman or General Garfield, or any other
member of the House, or of the Ways and
Means or Finance Committee ; and that it was
not true that he had ever called upon the Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue, or the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, in the same interest, or
attempted to exertpersonal influence on either
of them ; and that it was not true that it be-
came the policy of the Administration to repeal
trie obnoxious tax in consequence of his
efforts ; and that it was not true that he had
in fact tendered for the stock exchange any
service in his own person. Bathe broadly,
unconditionally, and persistently demanded
of the board $10,000 for lobby service, which
lie claimed he had personalty rendered. ;
He asserted before the Committee of Ways
and Means, by way of explanation and apol-
ogy—most lame and impotent—that he did
procure some service to be rendered by Judge
Burtley, his brother-in-law, in the interests of
the Stock Exchange, and that in truth he
demanded the $10,000 for that service. But
he also swore that Judge Burtley did none of
the things which he (Judge Sherman) claimed
to have done, so far as he knew or was ever
informed by his brother-in-law. All his state-
ments were sadly-convincing_ proofs of his
evil and dishonorable complicity in the dishon-
orable and scandalous. business of the lobby.
His explanations were wholly unsatisfactory,
unreasonable, illogical, unmanly, and utterly
inconsistent of personal integrity or proper and
impartial discharge of high official functions.
Mr. DAWES. Suppose, for the sake of
argument, that all that be true, and yet he
comes and asks that in common fairness he
may be heard.
Mr. KERR. Where does he come?
Mr. DAWES. He came before the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
Mr. KERR. Of that I know nothing; I
am not advised of it.
Mr. DAWES. I am governed in my vote
on this matter by this idea of simple fair play.
I agree to the force of all my colleague [Mr.
Butler] says ; but no matter what the testi-
mony may be, when a man is arraigned and
asks to be heard, I think he ought to be heard.
Mr. PETERS. As a member of the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, I have not a shade of
a shadow of a doubt but what Judge Sherman
ought to be impeached on the testimony before
the commitree, and the only reason I did not
vote for his impeachment was because through
an attorney he importuned for further oppor-
tunity to be heard and to produce evidence.
Mr. DA WES. It is not my desire to palliate
the conduct of this judge or to screen him,
but I say that in so serious and solemn a pro-
ceeding as the impeachment of a judge of a
court we should move slowly, observing all
forms and observing them with the more care
and solicitude the darker the case may appear.
That is the way it strikes me.
Mr. KERR._ I desire to say a word more.
I fully concur in the propriety of proceeding
as the gentleman from Massachusetts now sug-
gests, but I have this to say in answer to him :
that where a judge comes before a committee
of this House and upon his own testimony and
without there being any other testimony mate-
rially bearing upon the case, conclusively and
overwhelmingly convicts himself out of his
o™ mouth, the House has a right to take him
at his own word, and it ought to do so, and
present him at the bar of the Senate and let
him there make his additional defense.
I want to state two important facts. Hesaya
that his brother-in-law, Judge Burtley, ren-
dered important services which he himself did
not render at all; but he did not produce his
brother-in-law before the committee, although
he was here in the city all the time. He said
also that he enlisted the services of another
gentleman—a gentleman who has been elected
a member of this House from Ohio in the next
Congress, Mr. Parsons, late marshal of the
Supreme Court of the United States. I under-
stand Mr. Parsons says that he never had any-
thing to do with this business, or any connec-
tion with the lobby here. Thus out of the
mouths of two persons to whom he refers he
is convicted.
_ Mr. BINGHAM. Was Mr. Parsons exam-
ined by your committee?
Mr, KERR. He was not. He wrote us a
letter, and would have come if desired.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I insist
on the floor if I can have it, and I will not
yield to mortal man or woman. jTLiaugh.ter.1
I desire to present this question to the House,
precisely as it stood before our committee,
^ i!1'11' when the House understand it
they will come to the conclusion that there ig i
no intention to shield Judge Sherman. I have
no such desire; but this question could not be
considered before our committee until four
o'elook this afternoon. We got the testimony
only the day before yesterday, and this was
the first time we could meet, and then we
learned of an application by Judge Sherman
to be heard whenever his case was on. Now,
I put it to the fairness of any gentleman in
this House, what wag your committee to
do? Were they to determine in advance that
this man ought to be impeached without
even granting him a hearing, or were we to
take the other judicial course, audi alteram
partem,.
Mr. POTTER. There is but one side to
this case and that is his own side; he convicts
himself by his own testimony.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. The dif-
ficulty is, how many men have made false
statements and false confessions of crime 1
How do you know what his answer will be to
these charges until you hear it ? Hear and
then judge. Do not judge before you hear.
Upon the testimony as it now appears, I
should agree with the gentleman from Indiana
that he ought to be impeached, but I do not
know that there is not an explanation.
Mr. POTTEB. How many explanations
do you want him to give? He has made two
already.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Pardon
me. He has had no time to make any when
he was accused.
Mr. POTTER. Oh!
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. He was
a witness, and nothing but a witness, before
the Committee of Ways and Means. He could
not be heard in any form. He was not there
to be heard by counsel. He made his own
explanation ; and he illustrated that which we
have in a proverb in our profession: that he
who is his own lawyer has an ass for a client.
He was there as a witness making a statement,
and whatever that statement may be I do not
know what answer some other man can make
to it.
Before I condemn him I will hear him, and
if he can give an explanation, which I think
very difficult, and I doubt very much whether
he can, I have great doubts on the subject—
if he can, he shall have the chance ; if he can-
not, then I will vote to impeach him at once,
as I would any other man in a like condition.
But so far as I am concerned I will not agree
that a man shall be impeached without a hear-
ing where he offers testimony. I would not.
as a judge, charge a grand jury and say to
them, see if you cannot find out some testi
mony, enough to support the indictment.
But I would say, " Gentlemen, you are charged
to inquire into the truth of the transaction
given you, and after hearing all the witnesses
you will find what the truth is." And I hold
that no grand jury should ever refuse to hear
a witness about any transaction who is sup-
posed to have any knowledge in regard to it.
Therefore we have reported what ? We have
not merely reported to be discharged from the
further consideration of this matter so as to
get rid of it, but we have reported that the
testimony ought to be put on file and in pos-
session of this House, referred to the next
House for their consideration, and that we of
this House be discharged from the further con-
sideration of the subject.
Mr. BURCHARD. You have reported on
all that was referred to your committee.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Yes, we
havereported all we could under the circum-
stances. Now that report is antagonized by
an attempt to interpolate, at this hour of the
night, a resolution of impeachment. I think
that unjust, and I hope the substitute will riot,
be agreed to by the House, because of the
reason that we have not heard; after we have
heard we will strike if necessary.
Mr. STEVENSON. A motion to reixtm-
H&end further i&quirj 
