202
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 16,
difference between the present rates of assess-
ments and those which obtained under the old
corporation, ami it will be seen that they show
a gain of one third in favor of the present ad-
ministration, when we consider the character
of the improvements!.
It would seem, Mr. Speaker, that our citi-
zens have no just ground for complaint upon
the matter of cost of improvements. Still
I cau see how this large amount of work,
reaching, as it does, the property of the poor
people of the District, may threateu them
with forced sale; but under the law they have
one year to pay the assessment at ten per cent,
interest, and they hare two years after that ia
which to redeem at fifteen per cent.
TAISS.
I have been asked also by members whether
these improvements are not enormously adding
to our tax, as they cannot conceive how such
stupendous work can goon without that result.
I answer that our general taxes to-day are ten
cents less than during one of the years of the
late corporation of Washington. We now pay
one dollar and seventy cents upon the one hun-
dred dollars. With it we are paying the sink-
ing fund upou the four million loan with which
to gradually discharge the principal. We
are paying the interest upon that loan; we
are paying interest upon the old debt of the
old corporation, together with the sinking fund
necessary to discharge a large portion of the
principal; we are paying the interest and sink-
ing fund of our water and market bonds ; in
short, we are carrying on the whole machinery
of the government, paying its debt gradually
aud making all of these improvements, without
increasing the taxes one penny. It is true
that property of the District by a late valua-
tion has been increased about ten millions;
yet at the same time we have taken off taxes
from personal property which is valued at
eleven millions. I assert, Mr. Speaker, that
such a result in municipal government cannot
be pointed out in any other city of this Union.
While I was making my last canvass before
the people of the District I was met with a state-
ment that the improvements being made by
the board could not be completed at a cost
less than $20,000,000, and some orators esti-
mated it at $60,000,000. Without knowing
anything certainly about it myself, as I have
had no connection whatever with the Board
of Public Works in carrying out its scheme
of improvements, I felt that I could with great
confidence assure the people that all these
estimates were wild and visionary. I did not
then have the information from which to make
positive assertions, as I now have; but I could
only rely on my confidence in the integrity and
ability of the gentlemen who have control of
these improvements. And now, Mr. Speaker,
we find this vast system, which casual observ-
ers think, in its magnitude, must cost at least
$20,000,000, has been completed, or can be,
within the amount appropriated by the Dis-
trict of Columbia, when Congress has done its
share ia paying for improvements in front of
its own property. In other words, the Board
of Public Works has accomplished with about
SO.000,000 what its enemies said could not be
done for $20,000,000. Verily, out of the
mouths of those who would destroy them are
they vindicated.
It cannot be denied that in a work reaching
the doorway of thousands of our citizens,
putting them to inconvenience and expense,
indeed, revolutionizing tho habits of onr
people somewhat, the board have incurred
enmities and hostilities which would even
pursue them upon this floor.
I have, since this measure has been brought
to the attention of the Committee on Appro-
priations, seen the track of several of these
men in the Capitol, who are engaged in the
extraordinary business of attempting to pre-
vent this House from relieving our people
at this juncture by the defeat of this bill.
Sir, there is not one of them whose memory
would not be gibbeted and handed down to
posterity in infamy if his name were published
to the world. What can any member of Congress
here think of one of our own cilizens who, to
gratify a little pique toward some person con-
nected with our District government, would
come here and stab the dearest interests of our
people ? If such a person should come to me I
would turn from him as I would from a moral
leper. I would not believe his statements
under oath, much less would I allow them to
influence me in a matter of such fairness aud
justice as this now before the House. I have
no words with which to characterize the con-
duct of such men, and I say it with some pride,
that there are not many such in this com-
munity.
It has been suggested to me by members
on this floor that the sentiment of the peo-
ple is against improvements. There is noth-
ing wider from the truth. When the ques-
tion was presented to the people at the first
election under the organic act whether they
would elect a Delegate in harmony with the
local government, which contemplated expen-
sive improvements of the city, they decided by
the largest vote ever cast in the District that
improvements should be commenced. Subse-
quently, on the precise question of authoriz-
ing a loan for the purpose of improvements,
the vote stood 14,760 for itandl,213 against it.
Last spmmer, after these improvements had
been inaugurated and carried forward toward
completion, upon an issue distinctly made
before the people involving the character of
the improvements and the general manage-
ment of the Board of Public Works, the people
again reiterated their determination in the
matter by a majority of over fifty-five hundred.
I think, therefore, Mr. Speaker, I am reflect-
ing only the public sent iment of this community
in urging upon the House this appropriation
on the ground that it is due from the Govern-
ment for improvements wisely, judiciously,
and economically made.
Nor is it true, as has been stated, that the
wealth and intelligence of the District have
not sustained this scheme of public improve-
ments. On the contrary, the wealth and in-
telligence are among the interests most deeply
interested and most largely benefited; and the
intelligent and wealthy comprehend wisely that
to discourage this new movement is to destroy
all hope of the future greatness of the capital.
And, on theotherhand, thatclassof people who
are small property-holders, but who have the
average general intelligence possessed by the
American people, not only reason in the same
direction, but they know instinctively that they
are right in encouraging enterprises which de-
velopthe interests of the District. ButI will not
longer trespass upon the patience of the House,
for the further consideration of this bill may
develop a discussion in which I shall have to
take part, and I may then state such further
facts as do not now occur to me. Of one thing
this Congress may be assured: the people of
this District, so far as their pecuniary ability
will allow, are determined to make the national
capital a fit residence for the Government..
In this we hope to have that support which we
can rightfully claim from an enlarged states-
manship and a true comprehension of the future
greatness of our country. This is not a city
of traffic, of commerce or manufactures—
though I hope it may be ; but it is a political
center, representative of all the interests of
this great people. It should be the home of
art—of national institutions which will com-
bine to illustrate the history, progress, and
theory of the greatest Government on earth.
A nation's capital is an index to a nation's
prosperity ; and the glory of our national capi-
tal should be, not the glory of the people of
the District of Columbia, but the glory of the
nation. It is thin broader view which I urge
upon your consideration.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon
(atone o'clock and fifty minutes p. in.) the
House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Monday, December 16, 1872.
Prayer by Iiev. E. D. Owbn, of Washing-
ton, District of Columbia.
Hon. Joshua IIii.l, from the State of Geor-
gia, appeared in his seat to-day.
The Vice President resumed the chair.
The Journal of the proceedings of Friday
last was read and approved.
BNROLLKD BILLS SIGNED.
The VICE PRESIDENT signed the follow-
ing enrolled bills, which had previously re-
ceived the signature of the Speaker of the
House of Representatives:
A bill (H. R. No. 620) for the relief of
Thomas C. Martin, Emilia E. Martin, Jane
G. Martin, and Leonore Martin, children of
J. E. Martin, deceased ;
A bill (H. R. No. 845) to quiet the titles to
certain lands in the State of Missouri ;
A bill (H. R. No. 2332) to fix the salary
of the members of the Board of Health of the
District of Columbia;
A bill (H. R. No. 2027) for the relief of
William Howard;
A bill (S. No. 819) authorizing the con-
struction of railroad bridges across the Mobile
river, and other navigable streams tributary to
Mobile bay, in accordance with the acts of the
Legislature of the State of Alabama, and to
establish them as post roads ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1735) to provide for ad-
journed terms of the supreme court of Arizona ;
A bill (H. R. No. 3125) to remove the dis-
abilities of Lucius Q. C. Lamar ; and
A bill (H. R. No. 2291) for the relief of
Edmund Jussen.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. BR0WNL0W presented the memorial
of the president and trustees of the East
Tennessee University, and Tennessee Agricul-
tural College, praying for additional legislation
by Congress in aid of agricultural colleges;
which was referred to the Committee on Edu-
cation and Labor.
Mr. WILSON presented the petition of
Blanton Duncan, praying compensation for
property seized and occupied by the United
States during the late war; which was referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
He also presented a memorial of the Boston
Board of Irade respecting the requirement of
landing certificates with each export of mer-
chandise in bond; which was referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
Mr. HAMLIN presented the petition of
Richard D. Cutts, for himself and other heirs
of Richard Cutts, praying to be indemnified
for spoliations committed by the French prior
to the year 1801; which was ordered to lie on
the table.
He also presented two petitions of soldiers
and seamen in the war of 1812-14, represent-
ing that the act of February 14, 1871, granting
to certain of them pensions for sixty days' ser-
vice exclude a large and meritorious class of
claimants ; that many find themselves excluded
by one day only, while others in the same
company receive a pension ; and they there-
fore pray that the provisions of the act of
1871 be so modified as to include those who
were on board vessels sailing under letters of
marque as privateers in that war ; which were
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. PRATT. I present a joint resolution
of the General Assembly of the State of Indi-
ana in relation to the two per cent, claims of
Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois, now pending be-
fore Congress, and ask that it may be read.
