1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
203
The Chief Clerk read the resolution as
follows:
A ioint resolution in relation to the two per cent.
claims of Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois, now pend-
itiR before fortress.
AVhereas there is a bill now pending before theCon-
rress of the United States in relation to the two per
cent, claims of the States aforesaid, the substantial
part of which reads as follows: "that the true in-
tent and meaning of the seoond section of the act
approved March 3, 18.>7, eutitied'An act to settle
eertain accounts between the United States and the
State of Mississippi and other States,' is that all tho
other States, to wit, Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois,
which have not received the full amount of their five
fier cent, of the net proceeds of the sale of the publio
ands lyiag within their respective limits, as men-
tioned iu their several enabling acts, in money,
shall have their accounts stated, both on the public
lands and reservations, and such cash balance as
has not been paid to said States allowed and paid
and whereas it is the judgment of this General As-
sembly that the provisions of the said bill are just
and ought to become a law: Therefore;
Be it resolved by the General Assembly of the State
of Indiana, That our Seoatora in Congress be, and
they are hereby, instructed, and our Representatives
requested, to vote for said bill, and use their influ-
ence to procure its speedy passage.
lie it further resolved. That the Governor be, and
is hereby, requested to transmit a copy of this joint
resolution to each of our Senators and Represent-
atives in the Congress of the United States.
W. K. EDWARDS,
Speaker of the House of liepre'entatives.
GEO. W. FRIKDLEY,
President <tf the Senate.
Originated in the Senate:
D. H. OLIVE,
Principal Secretary oftheSenate.
Mr. PRATT. I move that the resolution be
referred to the Committee > os the Judiciary,
and be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER presented a petition of the
Florence Temperance Union, of Massachu-
setts, signed by B. Gardner, president, and
A. G. Hill, secretary, praying for the prohibi-
tion of the manufacture, importation, and sale
of all intoxicating liquors to be used as a bev-
erage in the Territories of the United States
and in the District of Columbia; which was
referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. SUMNER. I also present the petition
of a large number of mercantile houses of
Boston, headed by George M. Barnard, in
which they set forth their considerable losses
from the war premiums jsaid on their vessels
owing to the depredations of the British
cruisers during oar rebellion. They say that
they paid to insurance companies for insuring
against capture and loss on the high seas a
premium wholly distinct and separate from the
usual premium for marine risks, and they
estimate the loss on that account in the single
port of Boston at more thaw nine hundred
thousand dollars, and they pray that in any
bill which may be adopted by Congress pro-
viding for the distribution of the fund now
coming to the United States, their claim may
be taken into consideration. I believe the
bill on this subject has gone to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
Mr. MORTON. Yes, sir.
Mr. SUMNER. Then I move the reference
• of this important petition to that committee.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN presented the
petition of George Shepard Page, president,
William D. Russell, treasurer, and J. II. Dun-
lap, secretary, of the New Jersey State Tem-
perance Alliance, praying for the prohibition
of the manufacture, importation, and sale of
all intoxicating liquors, to be used as a bever-
age in the Territories of the United States,
and in the District of Columbia; which was
referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. POMEROY. I have the honor to pre-
sent a petition numerously signed by citizens
of the Uftited States, who say that they are
deeply impressed with the demoralizing influ-
ence of intoxicating liqtiors and the terrible
effects of this evil to the country, and they
ask for prohibitory legislation. I move thatthis
petition take the usual reference, which is to
the Committee on Finance.
Tho motion was agreed to.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM presented the petition
of Mrs. Jennette T. Kimball, niece of Cap-
tain Justus lliley, and R. F. Goodrich, nephew
and heir, and for the coheirB of Justus Riley,
praying to be indemnified for spoliations com-
mitted by the French prior to the year 1801 ;
which was ordered to lie on the table.
He also presented the petition of A. Spear,
president, William H. Dorman, vice president,
S. Soule, secretary, J. S. Trafton, treasurer,
and Rev. Louis E. Charpiot, chaplaiu, of the
Boston Temperance Reform Club, praying for
the prohibition of the manufacture, importa-
tion, and sale of all intoxicating liquors to be
used as a beverage in the Territories of the
United States and in the District of Columbia;
which was referred to the Committee on
Finance.
Mr. HARLAN prenented the petition of
Mrs. Louisa Kearney, widow of the late Colo-
nel James Kearney, praying compensation for
the occupation of her farm, and the use and
destruction of her property by the United
States Army during the late rebellion; which
was referred to the Committee on Claims.
He also presented the petition of Thomas
Ford, a survivor of the war of 1812, praying to
be allowed a pension ; which was referred to
the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. LOGAN presented the petition of
Robert M. and Stephen A. Douglas, of Rock-
ingham county, North Carolina, praying com-
pensation for their private cotton and other
property taken in Washington county, Missis-
sippi, in March, 1863, by United States troops;
which was referred to the Committee on
Claims.
Mr. SHERMAN presented the petition of
Calvin Browsou, praying the enactment of a
law refunding to him taxes illegally collected
on tobaoco ; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
Mr. SCOTT presented the petition of Re-
becca A. Marcher, sole acting executrix of
Robert Marcher, deceased, praying the exten-
sion of letters-patent for an improvement in
machinery for enameling moldings, &c.; which
was referred to the Committee on Patents.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, presented the
petition of Emily A. Bangs, daughter and heir
and for the coheirs of Ebenezer Hatch, pray-
ing to be indemnified for spoliations committed
by the French prior to the year 1801 ; which
was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. STEVENSON. I present the petition
of Britannia W. Kennon, widow of the late
Beverly Kennon, whose whole life was devoted
to the Navy of the United States, and who was
killed on the Princeton, with several members
of the Cabinet, some years since, asking for
an increase of her pension. Her pension was
originally fifty dollars a month, but has been
reduced to thirty dollars, notwithstanding the
extravagant increase of expenditures of late
years. I am sure that Bhe deserves this, and
that Congress will readily restore her pension
to the original amount. I move the reference
of this petition to the Committee on Pen-
sions.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. FENTON presented the petition of
George Reilly, late private company A, third
Pennsylvaniaartillery, praying relief from Con-
fress in the matter of arrears of pension due
im ; which was referred to the Committee on
Pensions.
He also presented two petitions of citizens
of New Y ork, praying for the prohibition of
the manufacture, importation, and sale of all
intoxicating liquors to be used as a beverage
in the Territories of the United States and in
the District of Columbia; which were referred
to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. EDMUNDS presented a petition of
citizens of New York and a petition of citi-
zens of Massachusetts, praying for the prohi-
bition of the manufacture, importation, and
sale of all intoxicating liquors to be used as a
beverage within the United States Territories
and the District of Columbia; which were
referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. HITCHCOCK presented the petition
of citizens of the State of Nebraska, praying
Congress to grant to Peter Fowlie, a citizen
of Adame county, in that State, who lost both
of his feet in the storms of last winter, a piece of
land in that State ; which was referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. THURMAN presented the memorial of
James Taylor, of Cincinnati, Ohio, suggesting
various reforms in the financial system of the
Government; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont,
it was
Ordered, That the petition and papers ef W. B.
Beat, ana others, be taken from the files of tho
Senate and referred to the Committee on Claims.
j On motion of Mr. LEWIS, it was
! Ordered, That James Narcom have leavo to with-
draw his petition and papers from tho files of the
Senate.
j REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
J Mr. SHERMAN. I am directed by the Com-
| mittee on Finance, to whom was referred the
| bill (H. R. No. 2934) revising and amending
the laws relative to the mints and assay offices
and coinage of the United States, to report it
back with two or three amendments. This
bill has in substance passed both Houses,
except that the Senate bill enlarged and in-
i creased the salaries of officers of the Mint. It
was passed by the Senate at the last session
of the last Congress, went to the House, tnd
now, somewhat modified, has passed the House
at this Congress, so that the bill has practi-
cally passed both Houses of Congress. The
Senate Committee on Finance propose the
modification of only a single section ; but as
this is not the same Congress that passed the
bill in the Senate, I suppose it will have to go
through the form of a full reading, unless the
Senate are willing to take it on the statement
of the committee, the Senate having already
debated it at length and passed it. It would
have to be read in full unless the Senate by
unanimous consent allow it to pass without a
formal reading.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Ohio reports back a House bill in regard
to the government of mints and assay offices,
and regulating coinage, with an amendment
as an additional section, and asks for its pres-
ent consideration.
Mr. SHERMAN. No; I will not ask for
its present consideration, because I suppose
any Senator would have the right to require
that the bill be read at length.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let it be printed.
Mr. SHERMAN. It has been printed, and
it is scarcely necessary to reprint it, because
there is but one section that is proposed to be
amended.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Ohio states that the Committee on Fi-
nance adopt the House print with the excep-
tion of one section.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The rules require that
all reports shall be printed. Of course, I do
not want to incur additional expense, but we
ought to have printed the change made by the
committee, so that we can gee that.
Mr. SHERMAN. I simply make this state-
ment to show that this is a House bill, and is a
bill that substantially passed the Senate at one
time.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Unless the print-
ing of the bill is desired by some Senator, the
amendments of the committee only will be
ordered to be printed.
Mr. COLE. As the bill is not to be con-
sidered this morning, I think it had better be
printed in full, with the amendments of the
committee.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will bo
printed with the amendments.
Mr. SHERMAN. Iam also directed by
