2128
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
A bill (H. R. No. 2804) for the relief of
Joseph Dawson.
The message further announced that the
'Senate had passed bills of the following titles;
in which the concurrence of the House was
requested:
A bill (S. No. 1607) donating condemned
cannon and cannon balls to the Gettysburg
Battle-field Memorial Association; and
A bill (S. No. 1587) authorizing appoint-
ments and promotions in the departments of
the Army of the United States, and for other
purposes.
The message further announced that the
Senate had passed without amendment bills
of the House of the following titles:
A bill (H. R. No. 3725) for the relief of the
heirs and legal representatives of Leonidas
Haskell, deceased;
A bill (H. R. No. 3872) for the relief of
Mrs. Ann Marble,(now Strong,)administratrix;
A bill (H. R. No. 3945) for the relief of
George Washington and Sallie Washington,
his wife, of Alexandria, Virginia;
A bill (H. R. No. 3981) for the relief of
Julia P. Lynde, minor child of R. D. Lyndo,
late surgeon of United States volunteers,
deceased;
A bill (H. R. No. 4002) for the relief of
Jonathan Diehl, and George Blymer, sureties
on the bond of Josiah S. Diehl, late contractor
for carrying United States mails on post route
No. 4249;
A bill (H. R. No. 4008) to confirm the pur-
chase by the executive department on the 8th
September, 1868, of a certain tract of land
at Omaha, Nebraska;
A bill (H. R. No. 4019) authorizing the
Secretary of War to deliver condemned ord-
nance to certain organizations for monumental
purposes;
A bill (H. R. No. 4030) to pay Charles
Probst, of New Mexico, for supplies furnished
the New Mexico militia during the late rebel-
lion ;
A bill (H. R. No. 4058) to restore a part of
the Round Valley Indian reservation in Cali-
fornia to the public lands, and for other pur-
poses;
A bill (H. R. No. 2202) authorizing joint
entry by preemption settlers, and for other
purposes ;
A bill (H. R. No. 3687) to extend the time
for filing claims for additional bounty under
act of July 28, 1866 ;
A bill (H. R. No. 3735) to amend the law
inquiring consular officers to collect three
months' extra pay for seamen in certain cases ;
A bill (H. R. No. 4049) authorizing the
transfer of safes from the War Department
to the Post Office Department for use in the
transportation of registered mails ;
A bill (H. R. No. 3857) for the relief of J.
George Harris;
A bill (H. R. No. 2969) to authorize and
direct the Secretary of War to distribute arms
and military equipments uuder the act of
April 23,1808. and the act amendatory thereof;
A bill (H. R. No. 2824) for the relief of
Henry H. Stafford, late receiver of public
moneys at Marquette, Michigan ;
A bill (H. R. No. 2795) for the relief of
George P. Tracy, postmaster at Bridgeport,
Connecticut;
A bill (H. R. No. 2732) for the relief of
Ethan A. Sawyers;
A bill (H. R. No. 2436) granting a pension
to Mrs. Mollie L. Roberts ;
A bill (H. R. No. 2079) for the relief of
P. W._ Pee, late lieutenant of the first Ken-
tucky infantry volunteers;
A bill (H. R. No. 1158) granting right of
way through the public lands to the Utah
Northern Railroad Company.
A bill (H. R. No. 882) restoring Captain
Alonzo J. Marsh to his position in the Army,
and that he be honorably mustered out of the
service as of the date of the mustering out of
pw regiment;
A bill (H. R. No. 3824) granting a pension
to Mrs. Ann M. Wood, widow of Robert C.
Wood, late Assistant Surgeon General of the
United States Army, and daughter of Zachary
Taylor, late President of the United States;
A bill (H. R. No. 3569) for the relief of Miles
Greenwood;
A bill (H. R. No. 1072) to authorize the
Secretary of the Interior to place the name of
Mary A. Morris, widow of Major General Wil-
liam W. Morris, upon the pension-roll at the
rate of fifty dollars per month ;
A bill (H. R. No. 3512) for the relief of
John Paine;
A bill (H. R. No. 3302) to aid in the erec-
tion of a monument to the memory of Major
General George H. Thomas; and
A bill (H. R. No. 3137) for the relief of
Hugh McCormick.
purchasers of property.
Mr. BINGHAM, by unanimous consent,
from the Committee on the Judiciary, report-
ed a bill (H. R. No. 4072) to authorize the
Attorney General to adjudicate the claims of
the Government upon purchasers of property
at Harper's Ferry; which was read a first and
second time.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
ad a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
dtjrfee and peck.
Mr. BURDETT, by unanimous consent,
from the Committee on Indian Affairs, re-
ported back, with the recommendation that it
do pass, the bill (S. No. 1088) to authorize the
Secretary of the Interior to settle the claims
of Messrs. Durfee & Peck and E. H. Durfee
for supplies furnished the Indians in Montana
in the winter of 1869.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
a third reading.
The bill was read. It authorizes the Secre-
tary of the Interior to settle, upon such terms
as he shall think just and proper, all claims of
Messrs. Durfee & Peck and E. H. Durfee,
late Indian agents, for supplies furnished the
Crows, Gros Ventres, Assinaboines, and other
Indians of Montana Territory, in the winter
of 1869, upon the recommendation of Hon.
James Tufts, acting Governor of said Terri-
tory, and ex officio superintendent of Indian
affairs ; provided that he shall be satisfied as
to the quantity of supplies so furnished, and
that the amount shall not exceed $13,440 73,
which sum shall be in full for all claims against
the Government.
The bill was ordered to a third reading; and
it was accordingly read the third time, and
michigan railroads.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. I ask
unanimous consent to report from the Com-
mittee on the Public Lands the bill (S. No. 918)
to change the direction of the road authorized
by the act approved June 3, 1856, from Onton-
agon, in the State of Michigan, to the Wis-
consin State line, and for other purposes.
The bill was read for information. It em-
powers the State of Michigan to authorize the
relocation of the road surveyed and located
under the act approved June 3, 1856, from
Ontonagan, Michigan, southerly to the Wis-
consin State line, so as to extend the Houghton
and Ontonagan line of railroad to the terminus
of the Northern Pacific road on Montreal river;
and that the act of June 3, 1856, and the sev-
eral acts supplemental .thereto, and amenda-
tory thereof, be applied to the line of railroad
extended westward to the Montreal river. It
also provides that if the entire line of railroad
shall not be fully completed, in the manner
required by law, on or before the 20th of May,
1878, all the lands belonging to that portion
then unfinished shall revert to the United
States; and that this act shall not be construed
to grant any additional quantity of lands to
that State jn &k! of that railroad,
Mr. HOLMAM. I object to that bill.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. Then I
move to suspend the rules and pass it.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot enter-
tain that motion ; the regular order is the busi-
ness upon the Speaker's table.
appointment of conference committee.
The SPEAKER. The Chair appoints the
following as the committee of conference on
the disagreeing votes of the two Houses on
the bill (S. No. 1444) to authorize the Presi-
dent to appoint George H. Preble, now a cap-
tain on the active list in the Navy, to be a
commander: Mr. Scofield, Mr. Coghlan,
and Mr. Voorhees.
elvira a. maxey.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the bill (S. No. 1173) granting a pension
to Elvira A. Maxey, and in respect to her
minor children under sixteen years of age.
The bill was read. It directs the Secretary
of the Interior to place on the pension-roll,
subject to the provisions and limitations of the
pension laws, the name of Elvira A. Maxey,
widow of Joshua C. Maxey, late sergeant in
company I forty-eighth regiment Illinois vol-
unteers, and to pay her a pension from the
passage of this act, for herself and for her
minor children under sixteen years of age.
There being no objection the bill was taken
from the Speaker's table, received its several
readings, and was passed.
peter dunn and others.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the bill (H. R. No. 3846) for the relief of
Peter Dunn and others, returned from the
Senate with amendments.
The bill was read. It directs the Secretary
of the Treasury to compromise the claim of
the United States against Peter Dunn, J. E.
Lowing, O. V. Whitcomb, B. P. Bristol, David
Taggart, Joseph Ingham, L. B. Trego, John
Renwick, Benson Tallman, Christopher Post,
A. Hopson, S. S. Hammond, William Bristol,
M. W. Wilner, Lucius May, and Levi Trues-
dell, surviving obligors upon the official bond
of John B. Halsted, late collector of internal.-*
revenue in and for the twenty-ninth district
of New York, and the personal representatives
of the deceased obligors upon said official
bond, and to satisfy or cause to be satisfied
of record the judgment recently recovered in
the district court of the northern district of
New York against the sureties upon said offi-
cial bond, upon the payment of the amount of
the defalcation of Collector Halsted, together
with the cost of the legal proceedings thereon ;
the intention being to remit the interest,
whether included in the judgment or accruing
since, upon such defalcation.
The amendments of the Senate were read
and concurred in, as follows:
_ Pagol, line eight, after the words "Lucius May,"
insert Levi Madison, Charles B. Briggs."
- -o~ 2, line sixteen, insert after the word "pay-
ment," 'within ninety days after the passage of
this act.
compilation of revenue laws.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the bill (S. No. 1636) to place at the dis-
posal of the Commissioner of Internal Reve-
nue certain copies of the new compilation of
internal revenue laws.
The bill, which was read, provides that of
the seven thousand copies of the new compila-
tion of internal revenue laws ordered by section
forty-five of the act of June 6, 1872, to be
printed for the use of Congress, eight hundred
shall be for the use of the Senate, twelve hun-
dred for the use of the House of Representa-
tives, and five thousand for the use of the
Commissioner of Internal Revenue.
The bill was passed, two-thirds voting in
favor thereof.
EXECUTION OF LAWS IN UTAH
The next business on the Speaker's table
^as the hill (S, No, 1540) to ftid in the ejcec«<
