204
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 16,
the game committee, to whom was referred
the bill (H. R. No. 8180) authorizing the
exchange of registered bonds for - coupon
bonds, to report it back with an amendment.
The Committee ou Finance reported the oiher
day a bill in precisely the same words, but at
the suggestion of some Senators it was allowed
to pass over. To meet the objection made by
the Senator from Delaware [Mr. Bayard] to
the general phraseology of the bill as it now
stands, the Committee ou Finance have directed
me to report an amendment. I ask for the
present consideration of the bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I think that ought to be
printed and go over, for I believe it to be very
bad policy to pass any such law at all. We
never ought to have anything but registered
bonds.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Vermont objects, and the bill will go over.
Mr. RICE, from the Committee on Indian
Affairs, to whom was referred the petition of
H. B. Denman, superintendent of Indian
affairs for the northern superintendency, for
relief on account of certain moneys stolen from
him at Omaha, and the bill (S. No. 1260) for the
relief of H. B. Den ham, asked to be dis-
charged from their further consideration, and
that they be referred to the Committee on
Claims ; which was agreed to.
Mr. CORBETT from the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 683) in relation to the absentee Shaw-
nee lands in Kansas, asked to be discharged
from its further consideration, and moved its
indefinite postponement; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 574) for the re-
linquishment of the title of the United States
to certain lands therein named to N. B. Bian-
ton, reported adversely thereon, and moved its
indefinite postponement; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (8. No. 678) for the relief
of J. A. Coffey, reported adversely thereon,
and moved its indefinite postponement; which
was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 571) to attach a
portion of the Indian territory to Kansas for
judicial purposes, reported adversely thereon,
(a bill pending covering legislation on the same
subject,) and moved its indefinite postpone-
ment ; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 598) to authorize
the Secretary of the Interior to receive the
funded bonds of the State of Arkansas in ex-
change for certain bonds now held by him in
trust for the Chickasaw Indians, and to issue
the agricultural college scrip apportioned to
that State and held by him as security for the
payment of the said bonds, reported adversely
thereon, and moved its indefinite postpone-
ment ; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 619) to provide pay
ment for depredations committed by the whites
upon Shawnee Indians in the State of Kansas,
reported adversely thereon, and moved its
indefinite postponement.
Mr. POMEROY. I ask that that bill go
on the Calendar.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
placed on the Calendar with the adverse report
of the committee.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I am instructed
by the Committee on the Library to present
the annnal report of the Librarian of Congress
showing the progress of the Library during the
year ending December 1, 1872, and to ask that
the usual number be printed, and five hundred
extra copies, with covers, for the Committee
on the Library, which has also been usual.
The motion to print was agreed to ; and the
motion to print extra copies was referred to
the Committee on Printing.
Mr. CALDWELL, from the Committee on
Indian Affairs, to whom was referred the me-
morial of the Liberal Land League of Kansas,
asking the appointment of a committee to in-
vestigate all matters appertaining to the Cher-
okee neutral lands, especially the stationing
of United States troops in the counties of Cher-
okee, Crawford, and Bourbon, in the State of
Kansas, asked to be discharged from its fur-
ther consideration ; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of citizens of Kansas,
settlers on the Osage lands, praying the pas-
sage of a law which will enable them to enter
their lands at $1 25 an acre, asked to be dis-
charged from its further consideration ; which
was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 41) to enable the
Secretary of War to enlarge the depot at Fort
Leavenworth, asked to be discharged from its
further consideration, (a similar bill having
been reported favorably by the Committee on
Military Affairs,) and moved its indefinite post-
ponement; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (8. No. 901) to prevent
an appropriation therein mentioned from laps-
ing because of delay in the adjustment, re-
ported adversely thereon, and moved its indefi-
nite postponement; which was agreed to.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I am instructed by
the Committee on Indian Affairs to report
back the petition of Michael Girdner praying
compensation for property destroyed by Indi-
ans in 1864. I would state that the report
is based upon an act which was passed at the
last session directing the Secretary of the
Interior to adopt rules by which such claims
should be presented for consideration, and
an examination made of those claims, and
a report made of the nature of them and the
amount, and also the amount which might be
found due. It is upon that ground that the
committee ask to be discharged from the
further consideration of the petition.
The committee was discharged.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM, from the Committee
on Indian Affairs, to whom was referred the
petition of 8. N. Wood, of Chase county,
Kansas, praying for compensation for cattle
lost by Indian raids in the year 1870 ; the peti-
tion of Mary Johnson and the heirs of Alpha
Brown, praying for compensation for damages
sustained by Indian depredations; and the
petition of Mathew Wright, praying for com-
pensation for property destroyed by Indians
and soldiers, asked to be discharged from their
further consideration on the same ground as
stated by him in reporting on the petition of
Michael Girdner; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the memorial of S. N. Wood, a
citizen of Kansas, setting forth a series of out-
rages perpetrated by Indian savages in north-
western Texas, and praying for the inaugura-
tion of a new Indian policy, asked to be dis-
charged from its further consideration ; which
was agreed to.
Mr. POMEROY. The Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, to whom was referred the bill (S.
No. 1213) for the relief of settlers on the
Cherokee neutral lands in Kansas, have in-
structed me to make a report, and to accom-
pany the same with a new bill as a substitute
for the bill which was sent to the committee.
The report ig voluminous, and I call special
attention to it, that it may be printed at once,
as thecommittee have adjourned to meet again
on Wednesday to consider further the same
subject. I ask that the new bill which accom-
panies the report may be printed. It allows
these settlers who have lost their homesteads
on the Cherokee neutral lands by a decision
of the United States courts, to take other
public lands in lieu of those they have lost.
It is a measure of great relief, and I shall ask
the attention of the Senate as soon as it is
printed and again reported from the committee.
I now ask that it be printed and recommitted
to the Committee on Public Lands.
By unanimous consent, the bill (S. No.
1257) for the relief of settlers on the Chero-
kee neutral lands in Kansas was read twice by
its title, and, with the accompanying report,
recommitted to the Committee on Public
Lands, and ordered to be printed with the
report of the committee.
president's annual message.
Mr. ANTHONY. I am instructed by the
Committee on Printing, to whom was referred
a resolution to print three thousand extra
copies of the President's annual message with-
out the document, to report it back and
recommend its passage.
The resolution was considered by unani-
mous consent, and agreed to, as follows :
Resolved, That three thousand additional copies
of the President's annual message be printed fur the
use of the Senate.
senate contingent expenses.
Mr. ANTHONY. The same committeo, to
whom was referred a resolution to print the
report of the Secretary of the Senate, com-
municating, in obedience to law, a statement of
the receipts and expenditures of the Senate
contingent fund from December 5, 1871, to
June 30, 1872, have instructed me to report
! back the same, with a recommendation that
the report be printed.
The motion to print was agreed to.
public property statements.
Mr. ANTHONY. The same committee, to
, whom was referred the report of the Secre-
tary of the Senate transmitting, in obedience
to law, an account of the property of the Gov-
ernment in his possession December 2, 1872,
and also a report of the Sergeant-at-Arms
transmitting an account of Government prop-
erty in his possession December 6, 1872, have
instructed me to report back the same. There
seems to be no necessity for printing these
\ reports, which are merely lists of the prop-
! erty remaining in the committee-rooms—
! chairs, tables, and desks; and Unless some
Senator is afraid that something is to be cov-
| ered up by their being suppressed I move that
the committee be discharged from the further
consideration of the documents.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The documents
will be placed on the files and not ordered to
be printed, if there be no objection.
Mr* ANTHONY- I move that the docu-
ments be referred t*-tho Committee to Audit
and Control the Contingent Expenses of the
Senate.
The motion was agreed to.
kansas senatorial election.
Mr. MORTON. I desire to make a state-
ment on behalf of the Committee on Privi-
leges and Elections. That committee was
instructed at the last session to make exam-
ination of charges that had been preferred
against one of the Senators from Kansas, £Mr.
Caldwell,] and to make that examination
during the vacation. Twice during the vaca-
tion I addressed letters, as chairman of the
committee, to the different members of the
committee asking them to agree upon a time
for making the investigation. The answer
was from all the members of the committee
except one, Mr. R-ice, of Arkansas, that it
would not suit their convenience; so that the
committee has been unable to make the investi-
gation during the vacation. I simply make
this statement in explanation of the fact that
the examination has not been made.
amendment to an appropriation bill.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I give notice also,
from the Committee on Indian Affairs, of an
amendment intended to be offered by them to
the bill (H. R. No. 2989) making appropria-
tions for the current and contingent expenses
of the Indian department, and for fulfilling
treaty stipulations with various Indian tribes
for the year ending June 30,1874, and for other
purposes. I move that the amendment be
