1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1169
fore, that they should be attended to, at least
as soon as Tennessee. But the committee
were impressed with the statement made
before them by the gentleman who represented
the growth of Tennessee, and they were not
willing to tell the people who represent that
interest that they would not make an appro-
priation for Memphis. But finding that they
had advanced up to the limit of appropriation
which they believed was proper for the purpose
of public buildings at this session, they re-
ported a substitute for the bill. They struck
out the appropriation of $200,000, and inserted
in lieu of the House bdl the following pro-
vision :
That the Secretary of the Treasury be, and he is
hereby, authorized and directed to cause plans to be
made for a tire-proof building, or building with a
lire-proof vaul t extending through each story, suita-
ble lor use as a custom-hou=e, bonded warehouse,
and post office, at Memphis, Tennessee, with an esti-
mate of the cost thereof and of the site, and report
thereon to Congress on the first Monday of Decem-
ber next.
Mr. ALCORN. I ask the Senator whether
the committee made any appropriation what-
ever to carry out the provisions of that bill?
Mr. STOCKTON. There was no appro-
priation made. That is the whole bill of the
committee, as I uuder&tand it.
Mr. ALCORN. How could it be carried
out without an appropriation?
Mr. STOCKTON. It reads, "that the
Secretary of the Treasury be, and he is hereby,
authorized and directed to cause plans to be
made for a lire-proof building," &c.
That is the usual form in which these bills
are passed. It is perhaps the very best form-
so much so that I have been told by members
ot the committee from the House that they
never would pass a bill for the erection of a
public building until the estimates were first
submitted to them; for the reason that when
appropriations like this, of $50,000, now asked
for by this committee of conference, are made,
and the money is spent, then they are asked
for §50,000 more, in order that the first
£>50,000 may not be lost; and so they continue,
just as Knoxville advauced her appropriation
from $88,000 until it reached two or three
hundred thousand.
And the appropriations for other public
buildings have been a great deal worse. The
architect originally designs in his mind a pub-
lic building that will cost $500,000. The
friends of the measure think Congress will not
agree to the appropriation of so large a sum,
and so they come and get an appropriation
of $150,000. Then the next year a further
appropriation is made ; and finally, they say :
"we must put a roof on this building;'
and so the appropriations continue. To that
kind of legislation the Committee on Public
Buildings and Grounds in both Houses are
opposed. They think it is not wise; they think
we had better count the cost before we begin,
and then make an appropriation, and say in
the bill that that appropriation shall cover the
cost of the site and the building.
Mr. ALCORN. I wish to be informed on
one point. The Senator states that the Com-
mittee on Public Buildings and Grounds of
the Senate provided that the Secretary of the
Treasury should have these plans and specifi-
cations made. Now, how can the Secretary
have plans made without an appropriation
being made by Congress for that purpose?
Mr. STOCKTON. I thought I talked very
fast, but I cannot talk fast enough for the
active mind of the Senator from Mississippi.
If when he asks me a question he will attord
me sufficient time to reply, I will do so. l
have not forgotten the question he asked me.
It was an exceedingly pertinent one. and! was
coming to the response to it, but this little pre-
lude seemed to be necessary. We emplov an
architect who iscalled the supervising architect
of the Treasury Department. That gentleman
has charge, under the Secretary of the treas-
ury, of every public building in the United
42d Cong. 3d Suss.—No. 74.
States. He draws every plan that is drawn,
he makes every estimate. Before a shovel is
put into the ground the plan of the building is
put before your eyes and photographed, and
every member from the district or State has
an opportunity to see what is offered to him
for his $200,000, or whatever the appropriation
may be, and the committees of Congress know
what they are going to get for the appropriation.
That gentleman is a regular officer of the
Government, and he has a large corps under
him. He can make his estimates. When the
Secretary of the Treasury is required by Con-
gress to make this estimate, 1 am confident
no appropriation is necessary to have that re-
port made here on the 1st of December next.
And if an appropriation were necessary, I
have no doubt the Secretary of the Treasury
and the architect of the Treasury Department
would come and ask for it, and would readily
obtain it.
The gentlemen representing the interest of
Memphis had the kindest wishes of the com-
mittee. They impressed the committee with
the necessity of a building there ; but the com-
mittee did not feel authorized to make^ the
appropriation now. I say to the Senator from
Mississippi and other Senators if they wish to
do this thing, let them doit. It is your business,
gentlemen, not ours; but remember when you
break down the resistance, which has been
most unpleasant and disagreeable to ourselves,
that we have made to any overstepping of the
line which we were trying to build up to pre-
vent too much extravagance in public build
ings, you have broken down yourselves, and
you have taken away the only protection
against wild extravagance in putting up build-
ings for the General Government all over the
country.
In our judgment, if I speak the sense of the
committee, as I think I do, this is one of the
first buildings that should be put up, but we
did not want to make an appropriation this
year, because we thought we had already
agreed to make quite as many as the country
and Congress would stand. If these gentle-
men think this ought to be done, let them do
it; but remember how you are doing it. Mr.
President, you are doing it against this amend-
ment, offered with a full conviction that Mem-
phis should have a public building, but not
an appropriation this year. You are voting
$50,000 over the heads of your Committee
on Public Buildings and Grounds on the re-
port of this conference committee. You are
not strengthening your own committee in the
work of protecting the Treasury from extrava-
gance in these appropriations. You are not
helping them in any line that they lay down.
They have not drawn any sectional line,
but they have proposed to go to the sparsely
in settled sections of the country and erect
the various capitals of the States where the
United States courts meet a public building.
You are breaking down every rule that they
have adopted, and saying " We will keep this
thing up m a conference report and appropri-
ate $50,000 this year." Fifty thousand dol-
lars may not be much to the General Govern-
ment ; it may be a matter of very small
importance ; but as an humble member of the
Committee on Public Buildings and Grounds,
I say I think it will make our labor much
harder and much more difficult, and Senators
must remember when they complain of us for
having made appropriations too large and
having spent too much money, that thc-y have
taken away from us the line of demarkation
which we were attempting to draw, and which
would make, not only for ourselves while we
are here, but for the committee permanently,
a line of gradual advance_ which would not
bear heavily on any particular period and
would eventually erect in the capital of every
State in this Union a public building, first, for
the courts, and then for other public ofnees,
and after that was done, to erect a like build-
ing in every seaport and large business town,
like Memphis, where the interest of the Gov-
ernment requires it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I would have
made the motion that I shall now make in the
first instance, but for my regard for the Sen-
ator from Mississippi. I do not desire 
Mr. STEVENSON. I hope the gentleman
will allow somebody to be heard on the other
side. He has been heard, and the Senator
from New Jersey has been heard. Now, I
desire to say a word as a member of this con-
ference committee to show that no principle
has been violated, and to show why this re-
port ought to be adopted, and then 1 will yield
the floor to the Senator.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I only rose
because I supposed the other bill would come
up and cut off the debate, and I do not pro-
pose 
Mr. STEVENSON. We 'will finish this
matter this morning.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I have no
objection if I can have the floor when the Sen-
ator concludes.
Mr. STEVENSON. Mr. President, as a
member of this conference committee, I de-
sire to say a solitary word. I do not agree
with the Senator from Vermont or the Senator
from New Jersey that this conference report
violates any principle of sound legislative
action, still less that, the recommendation of
the conferees constitute an unusual precedent.
It is a great error to suppose that this confer-
ence report violates any usage. Its sugges-
tions are in exact accordance with what hap-
pens every day. The same line of action
adopted by a majority of the committee of
conference has met the concurrence of the
Senate again and again. Indeed, a confer-
ence report similar in all respects to the one
under consideration met the concurrence of
the honorable Senator from New Jersey not
five days ago. Conference committees often
reduce or increase appropriations. It is a
practice of daily occurrence. I am surprised
at the opposition made by the Senators of
Vermont and New Jersey to this conference
report. It contains nothing novel in practice ;
it violates no principle of sound conservative
action. The House of Representatives, which
is charged by the Constitution with the exclu-
sive power of originating revenue measures,
passed this bill appropriating $150,000 for
the erection of United States public buildings
at Memphis, Tennessee. The Senate did not
concur in that bill, but adopted a substitute,
which required the Secretary of the Treasury
to cause plans to be made for a fire-proof
building, with a fire proof vault, suitable for
use as a custom-house, post office, and bonded
warehouse, with an estimate of the cost there-
of, and of the site, and report to Congress on
the first Monday in December next. The
House refused to concur with theSenate, but
adhered to its own bill. A committee of con-
ference was the result. _ Its report is before
us. It is severely assailed. Now, what has
that committee of conference done? Is there
anything in their action which is novel or ex-
traordinary? So far from it, Mr. President,
I insist, upon it and I can demonstrate that
the conclusions reached and lhe recommenda-
tions made by the conferees are more conserva-
tive than either the original bill, which passed
the House of Representatives, or the substi-
tute in lieu of it, which received the sanction
of the Committee on Public Buildings and
Grounds of the Senate, and which was passed
by the Senate. The original bill, as it passed
the House of Representatives, proposed an
appropriation of $150,000 without any 'i™1'
whatever upon the ultimate cost of the build-
ing, so that its erection might have entailed a
cost of millions instead of thousands. Mr.
President, i do not speak unadvisedly on this
subject. The New York custom-house will
cost over seven millions. This bill, as it
