1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2129
tion of the laws in the Territory of Utah, and
for other purposes.
Mr. SARGENT. Let that bill be laid aside.
Mr. BINGHAM. I move that the bill be
put on its passage.
The SPEAKER, The bill will be read.
Mr. HOAR. There is no use in reading the
bill; there is not a quorum present.
Mr. SARGENT. I will insist upon there
being a quorum present to pass this bill.
The SPEAKER. It will be laid aside for
the present. If there is no objection, only
such bills will be considered now as may be
passed without objection.
No objection was made, and it was ordered
accordingly.
JOSEPH DAWSON.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was House bill No. 2804, for the relief of
Joseph Dawson; which had been returned
from the Senate with amendments.
The amendment was to reduce the appropri-
ation from $790 to $312 50.
Mr. BUCKLEY. I move that the amend-
ment be concurred in.
The amendment was concurred in.
DUPLICATE CERTIFICATES OF DISCHARGE.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was House bill No. 1203, authorizing the Sec-
retary of War to furnish a duplicate certificate
of discharge where the same has been lost;
which had been returned from the Senate with
an amendment.
The amendment was to insert the following :
Provided, That such certificate shall not be ac-
cepted as a voucher for the payment of any claim
against the United States for pay, bounty, or other
allowance, or as evidence in any other case.
The amendment was agreed to.
HEIRS OF JAMBS B. ARMSTRONG.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was House bill No. 3864 for the relief of the
heirs-at-law and next of kin of James B. Arm-
strong, deceased, which had been returned
from the Senate with an amendment.
The amendment was to reduce the amount
appropriated from $17,846 78 to $13,385 09.
Mr. W. R. ROBERTS. I object to the
passage of this bill.
The bill was laid aside.
JESSE E. PEYTON.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was House bill No. 3516, for the relief of
Jesse E. Peyton, which had been returned
from the Senate with an amendment.
The amendment was to reduce the appro-
priation from $1,684 45 to $1,600.
The amendment was agreed to.
HEIltS OS GENERA!, CARLETON.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the bill (S. No. 1375) granting relief to
Eva, Etta, Henry, and Guy Carleton, heirs of
General James H. Carleton, deceased.
The bill, which was read, directs the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to pay to Eva, Etta,
Henry, and Guy Carleton, heirs of General
James H. Carleton, or their legal representa-
tives, in full satisfaction for property destroyed
by order of General Ganby, at, Port Craig,
New Mexico, in 1862, the sum of $7,600.
Mr. W. R. ROBERTS. I think that bill
should not pass.
Mr. HOUGHTON. If I can be permitted
to make a brief explanation, I think there will
be no objection to this bill. It is to pay for
property destroyed in New Mexico in 1862 by
order ot' the commander of that department,
General Canby. It is property that belonged
to some minor children who are named in the
bill. A board of survey was ordered by Gen-
eral Canby at the time, and the value of this
property was ascertained by the board. The
report of the quartermaster general to the
committee ot the Senate is that this is a just
claim and should be paid. ... ,
Mr. HOLMAN. I have no objection to the
letter being read 5 but 1 think that at this late
42d Conu. 3d Sess.—No. 134.
hour we should not attempt to legislate upon
a subject of this kind.
Mr. WILLARD. I judge from the state-
ment made by the gentleman from California
that this comes within the principle of one of
the veto messages of the President, and it
seems to me we should not act upon the cas«.
Objection being made, the bill was laid
aside.
UNITED STATES MARSHAL, NORTH CAROLINA.
The next business 011 the Speaker's table
was the bill (S. No. 1643) to amend an act
entitled " An act to establish a western judi-
cial district of North Carolina."
The bill was read. It provides that section
eight of the act of June 4, 1872, entitled "An
act to establish a western judicial district of
North Carolina," be amended by adding
thereto the following :
There shall also be appointed a marshal of the
United States for said western district of North
Caroling who shall receive snch fees and compensa-
tion and exercise such powers and perform such
duties as are fixed and enjoined by law.
Mr. HOLMAN. I see that this bill pro-
vides for an additional marshal in the State
of North Carolina. I think that that State
ought to be able to get along with one marshal.
Indiana gets along very well with one. I object
to the bill.
Objection being made, the bill was laid
aside.
TEXAS AND PACIFIC RAILROAD.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the bill (S. No. 1537) supplemental to an
act entitled "An abt to incorporate the.Texas
and Pacific Railroad Company, and to aid in
the construction of its road, and for other pur-
poses," approved March 3, 1871.
The bill was read. It provides that it shall
be lawful for the Texas and Pacific Railroad
Company to lease the railroad of any company
in the State of California, chartered by the
State of California, or the U nited States, or
by both, that may be so authorized by the
State of California, and that may be necessary
to form an extension of the line of the Texas
Pacific railroad to the city of Sau Francisco
on such terms and conditions as may be pre-
scribed by the laws of California, and agreed
upon between the companies, and be approved
by such a majority in interest of their share-
holders as may be required by the laws of the
State.
The second section provides that the Texas
andPacific Railroad Company shall have all the
rights, powers, and franchises in relation to the
construction and operation of the road with
which it forms an extension to the city of San
Francisco that the laws of California will allow,
including a right of way through the public lands
two hundred feet wide for such connecting road.
But nothing in this act contained is to be con-
strued to create any land grant except the right
of way, or authorize any donation or liability
of any kind whatsoever on the part of the Gov-
ernment of the United States, nor to authorize
a consolidation with any competing through
line of railroad to the Pacific oceannor shall
it in any wise affect the obligations of the Texas
and Pacific Railway Company to construct its
line, as now authorized, to the city of San Diego.
As to such railroad consolidated with or leased
by the Texas and Pacific railroad, under this
act, the limitations and restrictions as to freight
and passenger rates as otherwise provided
in regard to the Texas and Pacific railroad
are to apply in all respects. But nothing
in the act is to be so construed as to inter-
fere with or impair in any way the rights and
duties of the Atlantic and Pacific Railroad
Company, or those of the Southern Pacific
Railroad Company, of California; and the
latter company, or any other road which may
happen to be consolidated with or leased by
the Texas and Pacific railroad in the State of
California, is to be open to the traffic of the
Atlantic and Pacific railroad at the samerates
and with equal facilities for freight and pas-
sengers as the traffic of the Texas and Pacific
railroad over said line. The act is made sub-
ject to the repeal at the will of Congress. And
the Secretary of War is authorized, if deemed
consistent with the public service, to furnish
engineering parties to the Northern Pacific
and the Texas Pacific Railroad Companies.
Mr. W. R. ROBERTS. I object to this bill.
Mr. WHEELER. I hope I may have con-
sent to explain- it. The bill has not been con-
sidered by the Committee on the Pacific Rail-
roads, as it only came over from the Senate
yesterday, I believe. I have, however, ex-
amined it myself with some care. The first,
provision of the bill gives this company the
right to consolidate with certain roads in the
State of "California, under the authority of its
legislative power. It also gives the right of
way from Port Huma, on the Colorado river,
to San Francisco, in order to secure a through
line from that point to San Francisco. The
bill ilso prohibits any consolidation with any
competing line. There is a line of railroad
already authorized from Port Huma to the city
of San Francisco ; and this bill prohibits the
Texas and Pacific railroad from consolidating
with that company. The bill also provides that
the Secretary of War may, in his discretion,
furnish engineering parties, not only upon this
road, but on the Northern Pacific railroad, as
he has been in the habit of doing.
These are all the privileges that the bill
asks. I believe it to be a just measure, though,
as I have said, the Committee on the Pacific
Railroads have not considered it. I hope it
may pass.
Mr. W. R. ROBERTS. I cannot consent
to the passage of this bill, because it has not
been regularly reported by any committee. I
hope it will not pass.
Mr. WHEELER. The bill is a Senate
bill, and has been carefully considered in the
other branch of Congress, where I believe it
was passed unanimously.
Mr. HAWLEY, of Illinois. Does it give
anything more than a right of way ?
Mr. WHEELER. That is all.
Mr. W. R. ROBERTS. It is dangerous
legislation. I must object to the bill.
The question being taken on the passage
of the bill, there were—ayes 56, noes 53; no
quorum voting.
Mr. W. R. ROBERTS. I call for a further
count.
The SPEAKER. No quorum having voted,
the bill will be laid aside until a quorum is in
the Hall.
AGRICULTURAL REPORT FOR 1872.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the bill (S. No. 1652) in relation to the
distribution of the report of the Commissioner
of Agriculture for 1872.
The bill, which was read, provides thatthere
shall be printed fifty thousand additional copies
of the report of the Commissioner of Agricul-
ture for 1872, which shall be placed in charge
of the Commissioner, who is directed to send
a copy to each and every person who may pay
or remit to hiin fifty cents, and he shall, on
the 1st of every month, pay into the Treasury
of the United States, all moneys received dur-
ing the preceding month for the sale of the
reports, deducting therefrom the value of post-
age stamps he may have had to purchase and
use for prepayment of postage on such reports
as were sent to the purchasers thereof by mail.
Mr. KILLINGER. I object to it.
The SPEAKER. Objection being made the
bill will be laid aside.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. BUCKLEY, from the Committee on
Enrolled Bills, reported that they had exam-
ined and found truly enrolled bills of the fol-
lowing titles; when the Speaker signed the
same:
An act (S. No. 747) for the relief of B. H,
Randall;
An act (S. No. 987) to authorize the Seere-
