1170
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 7,
passed the House of Representatives, would
have authorized the architect to have drawn
a plan and made an estimate for a building
that might have cost millions. As it came to
the Senate there was no restriction upon the
Secretary of the Treasury or Mr. Mullett.
The Senate Committee on Public Buildings
and Grounds reported the substitute, which I
have already quoted, and which passed the
Senate. That substitute contained no limit
on the cost of the building.
Mr. STOCKTON. That appropriated noth-
ing, however.
Mr. STEVENSON. No; the Senate sub-
stitute appropriated no money; but it directed
aud authorized the plan and estimate of a
building to be reported, the cost of which was
not limited. Mr. Mullett would have had the
right under their amendment to estimate^ for a
building which might have cost a million.
There was no limitation upon him in the Senate
substitute reported by the Committee on Public
Buildings. But my friend says that Congress
still had a discretion when the architect's
report and estimate should como in.
Mr. STOCKTON. Let me remind the Sen-
ator that the Senator from Mississippi found
fault with the bill of the Senate committee
because wa made no appropriation whatever-
He said the bill was of no use; nothing could
be done under it, not even an estimate made ;
and now the Senator from Kentucky talks as
if we were voting away millions by that bill.
Mr. STEVENSON. No ; the Senator from
New Jersey argued that the committee of con-
ference were setting a dangerous precedent,
and if their report would be adopted there
would be no safety for the public Treasury. I
am unable to perceive the ground on which
such a fear rests. I am especially amazed, in
view of such a danger, that the Senate Com-
mittee on Public Buildings, composed in part
of the Senator from Vermont [Mr. Morrill]
and the Senator from New Jersey, did not
place a limit upon the cost of the building
which this substitute authorized Mr. Mullett
to estimate for and of which he was to draw
plans and specifications. Why was not the
Treasury protected in that substitute by a lim-
itation in the cost of the building? So far
from this being done, the chairman of the
committee [Mr. Moebill] was perfectly will-
ing to make an appropriation next December
to carry out Mr. Mullett's estimate, but he
was unwilling to make the appropriation now.
We heard nothing of any novel precedent iu
the recommendation of the conferees ; but the
opposition of the Senator from Vermont rested
not on the amount of the appropriation in the
conference report; not upon the ground that
the public interest did not demand the erec-
tion of these buildings, but on the sole ground
that he did not desire to increase the appro-
priations for public buildings at this time, but
desired to postpone it until the next session
of Congress, when a much larger appropria-
tion would be made.
What did we do ? We agreed that this build-
ing should not under any circumstances cost
more than $400,000. We did put a limit upon
it. We did erect a bulwark against any ex-
travagant, expenditure of the public money.
We said that the building should not cost more
than $400,000, and we agreed to appropriate
$50,000 of that amount. Is there anything
extraordinary in that?
But,_ I disagree with the honorable Senator
from New Jersey in another point. He seems to
think that this appropriation must be made to
the capitals of the States. I do uot think so. I
agree with the honorable Senator that no ap-
propriation ought to be made for any public
Imilding unless the public necessities require
it. If the capital of a State is a small inland
town where there is no necessity for such an
appropriation, then Congress ought not to
make it; but wherever the trade and com-
merce and public necessities of this Country
demand an appropriation for a public build-
ing—not from any private interests, not on ac-
count of the locality, but to guard the inter-
ests of the United States. I say Congress
ought to make it.
Does Memphis require this appropriation ?
D'o the public necessities of the Government
demand it? Clearly, iu the opinion of a
majority of the conference committee. It is
by far the largest city in Tennessee. Tennes-
see is one of the old States, not one of the ori
ginal thirteen, but one of the early children
of the Union after the Constitution of the
United Slates had been adopted. Memphis
has a population ot' sixty or seventy thousand
people. There is a Federal court there with
three thousand cases a year, as I am informed,
upon the docket, many of them admiralty suits
and internal revenue cases involving millions
of dollars to the Government. Has the United
States no interest in having the records in those
cases safely preserved? Has the Government
no direct interest in the safe-keeping of the
court records and papers iu which millions are
involved ? Ts it wise to allow these records to
be kept in worthless and insecure buildings?
Is the Government too poor to furnish safe,
commodious accommodations itia large and
growing city like this to her judicial and
internal revenue officers ? The consideration
of this report involves a direct solution of these
questions. Memphis has a post office_ where
nine million letters are annually distributed.
There is a tonnage of more than eight hundred
thousand pounds of freight carried by steam-
boats, chiefly owned, as 1 am informed, in that
city. Will the Senators from Vermont or New
Jersey tell where there is a city in the whole
southern country, save New Orleans or Charles-
ton, where the public necessities more urgently
demand commodious fire-proof public build-
ings?
This public need is not, 1 respectfully sub-
mit, answered by the suggestion of my dis-
tinguished friend from New Jersey that a wise
policy requires us to wait for a report from
the Department on this subject. As a general
proposition this may be true, especially in
small towns and among a sparse anti-com-
mercial population. But we know the busi-
ness and its requirements without a report.
Besides we have had reports which urged upon
Congress the necessities of many cities for
public buildings accompanied by estimates of
both the costs and plans, and yet these have
slumbered among the archives of Congress for
years without action and without appropria-
tion. I can cite the Senator from New Jersey
to recommendations of Mr. McCulloch made
years ago, supported by estimates of the Super-
vising Architect, Mr. Mullet, in which the
Secretary has urged upon Congress the neces-
sity of prompt action in the erection of United
States buildings at various points, and yet his
recommendations have been permitted to re-
main unheeded for years. The commiltee of
conference in this case feared that similar
results might follow as to Memphis, and im-
pressed with the belief that tire-proof build-
ings of sufficient capacity for the public business
should be erected there, recommended this
small appropriation as a beginning.
I should have urged a larger appropriation,
but one had been already made at this session
to Nashville. I can have, Mr. President, no
other interest in this subject other than that
public duty which is demanded of every Senator
to see that the interest of the United States is
properly protected and that proper facilities
aud accommodations are furnished by the
Government for the discharge of the public
busiuess, and that our records and archives are
safely kept in every part of the Union. In
this instance it is not denied that these neces-
sities do exist; and that the interest of the
United States require that Congress should
provide for the erection of public buildings at
Memphis.
The Senator from New Jersey argues that
the recommendation of the conference report
was a violation ot all precedent. I cannot look
at it in that light. It was but the other day
that a bill came to us from the House provid-
ing for the construction of six steam sloops
of. war. Although the House of Kepresent-
atives is under the Constitution charged with
the exclusive power of raising revenue and
primarily with its distribution, the Senate dis-
agreed with the recommendation of the House
as to the number of naval steamers whieii the
honor and interest of the country requiied.
The Senate insisted on ten. The result of the
disagreement was a committee of conference,
and their report recommended eight; which
was agreed to by both Houses, and the bill
passed. Why? Because in the opinion of the
conferees the public interests of the country
demanded some action, and the number agreed
upon was a just compromise of conflictof opin-
ion between the two Houses. In this case the
House of Representives made an appropria-
tion of $200,000 for the erection of these public
buildings at Memphis in the original bill. It
contained no limitation on the ultimate cost of
the building. The Senate disagreed to this bill
by adopting a substitute refusing any appropri-
ations, but requiring plans and specifications
for the erection of these buildings to be made
by the Supervising Architect, and to be sub-
mitted to Congress on the first Monday in
December next. The Senate substitute con-
tained no restriction on the Supervising Archi-
tect as to the capacity or ultimate cost of the
building. The committee limited the entire
cost of the building to $400,000, required the
Supervising Architect to make his drawings,
plan and estimate on this ultimate cost, and
recommended an appropriation of $50,000.
What was there extraordinary in this? How
is the public Treasury endangered, as the
Senator from New Jersey says, by the report?
Mr, STOCKTON. If the Senator will ex-
cuse me, I should like to ask him a question,
with great respect for his much greater expe-
rience in legislative matters than myself. I
am not at all sure that I am right. 1 want to
be right if I am not. I should like to ask him
if it is customary, where the House pass a
bill and send it to the Senate appropriating
$200,000, and the Senate refuse that appro-
priation, and it goes to a committee of con-
ference, that a committee of conference can
raise that sum to $400,000? Where does that
appropriation of the extra $200,000 come
from? From nowhere but the committee of
conference. I do not believe myself, and I
wish to be corrected if I am wrong, that that
can be done.
Mr. STEVENSON. The Senator surely
has not read the report of the committee of
conference. The committee of conference do
not report or recommend an appropriation of
$400,000.
Mr. STOCKTON. Let meask the Senator
to explain this matter. As I understand, '.be
committee of conference did vote to appro-
priate $400,000. I had not seen the report
i until I think I heard the Senator say that.
J Mr. STEVENSON. Oh, no. The honor-
'■ able Senator wholly misunderstood me.
I Mr. STOCKTON. I then went to the desk,
; and I now have in my hand the report. If I
am mistaken 1 wish to be corrected.
Mr. STEVENSON. Fifty thousand dol-
lars is the only appropriation that the com-
mittee of conference recommend.
Mr. STOCKTON. The report reads :
That the Secretary of the Treasury be, and ho is
hereby, authorized and directed to cause pi,my anil
estimates to be made for a fire-proof building, or
building with a fire-proof vault extending ihruucti
ouch story, suitable for use as a custom-house,
bonded warehouse, court-houso, aud jjost olnee at
Memphis, Tennessee, the cost of which shall not
exceed $400,000, including the cost of site.
Those are the very words of the Honso bill
making an appropriation of £200.000. There-
fore, if that bill did not appropriate $400,000,
