2130
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
tary of the Treasury to settle the account of
Henry Warren, late depositary at Oregon City,
Oregon;
An act (8. No. 1025) to quiet the title to
the lands of the settlers on lands claimed by
the West Wisconsin Railway Company;
An act (S. No. 1183) to enable the Com-
missioner of Indian Affairs to purchase and
pay for certain improvements within the Nez
Perce Indian reservation in the Territory of
Idaho;
An act(S. No. 1192) for the relief of Charity
Lodge No. Ill, of Free and Accepted Masons
of Harper's Ferry, West Virginia;
An act(S. No. 1224) for the relief of Howard
F. Moffat;
An act(S. No. 1274) to authorize"the Secre-
tary of the Interior to negotiate with the Creek
Indians for the cession of a portion of their
reservation occupied by friendly Indians;
An act (S. No. 1282) to authorize the Secre-
tary of the Interior to negotiate with the chief
and head men of the Crow tribe of Indians for
the surrender of their reservation or a part
thereof, in the Territory of Montana;
An act (S. No. 1283) for the relief of the
State of Connecticut and other States ;
An act (8. No. 1305) for the extension of
time to the St. Paul and Pacific Railroad
Company for the completion o/ its roads ;
An act (S. No. 1344) to confer upon the
superintendent of the United States Military
Academy the power to convene general courts-
martial ;
An act (8. No. 1378) to require national
banks to restore their capital when impaired,
and to amend the national currency act;
An act (S. No. 1384) authorizing the Secre-
tary of War to have a monument erected at
Salisbury, North Carolina, to the memory of
the soldiers who died in prison, and are there
buried;
^ An .act (S. No. 1399) permitting Lieutenant
Theodore^ B. M. Mason, of the Navy, to accept
a decoration from the Emperor of Brazil;
An act (S. No. 1427) to establish the custom-
house value of the sovereign or pound sterling
ot Great Britain, and to fix the par of ex-
change ;
An act (S. No. 1429) to provide for the care
and preservation of the cemetery near the city
ol Mexico, purchased in accordance with the
act of September 28, 1850.
An act (S. No. 1434) to authorize preemptors
or settlers upon homesteads on the public land
to alienate portions of their preemptions or
homesteads for certain purposes ;
An act (S. No. 1438) to provide for the pay-
ment, in gold, of certain wages to seamen in
foreign countries ;
An act (S. No. 1443) for the relief of the
heirs of Thomas Lawson, deceased ;
An act (S. No. 1580) to authorize the con-
tinued employment of an agent and counsel of
the United States;
An act (S. No. 1551) to'amend an act enti-
tled '• An act granting a pension to Captain
Henry M. Scott," approved April 9, 1872;
An act (S. No. 1525) for the relief of Grace
B. Peck ;
An act (S. No. 1524) for the relief of John
L. Pendery, surviving partner of Pendery &
Gamble, attorneys;
An act (S. No. 1497) fixing the time of
holding the fall term of the United States dis-
trict court for the district of Nebraska;
An act (S. No. 1480) for the relief of W. W.
Elliott;
An act (S. No. 1471) for the relief of Josiah
George Jennings;
\n ^°* 1464) to amend the charter
ot the Grutli Verein Association ;
A;" act (H- R- No. 1777) for the relief of
G. W. Standifer ;
act (H. 11. No. 1336) for the relief of
William E. Ward;
An act (H. R. No. 3615) donating con-
demned cannon and cannon balls to the Wyo-
ming County Soldiers' Monument Association;
An act (H. R. No. 3861) for the relief of
Thomas E, Tutt & Co.;
An act (H. R. No. 3513) for the relief of
Dr. W,.J. C. Duhanell;
An act (H. R. No. 1526) for the relief of
Kreel and Miller ;
• An act (H. R. No. 1428) for the relief of
John L. Bullard ;
An act (H. R. No. 4014) for the relief of
Margaret Merklein ;
An act (H. R. No. 3614) for the relief of
Mrs. Mary A. P. Brown, widow of John P.
Brown, late secretary of the United States
legation at the Ottoman Porte;
An act (H. R. No. 4051) making appropria-
tions to supply deficiencies in the appropria-
tions for the service of the Government forthe
fiscal year ending June 30, 1873, and for other
purposes;
An act (H. R. No. 2887) for the relief of
William Johnson, of Ripley county, Indiana;
An act (H. R. No. 1774) for the relief of
J. W. Holiday;
An act (H. R. No. 3940) to authorize the
Secretary of the Navy to convey to the city of
Chelsea, Massachusetts, certain land for the
use of a street; and
An act (H. R. No. 119) to authorize the
Secretary of War to survey, plat, and sell the
present cemetery ground upon the Fort Gra-
tiot military reservation, in Michigan, and for
other purposes.
IRRIGATION IN CALIFORNIA,
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the bill (S. No. 1584) to provide for a
board-of commissioners to report a system of
irrigation for the San Joaquin, Sacramento,
and Tulare valleys, in California.
Mr. HOUGHTON. I ask that that bill be
passed.
The bill was read. It authorizes the Presi-
dent to assign two engineers of the Army and
one officer of the Coast Survey, now stationed
on the Pacific coast, for the purpose of exam-
ining and reporting upon a system of irriga-
tion in the San Joaquin, Tulare, and Sacra-
mento valleys of the State of California ; and
for that purpose the officers so assigned may
associate with themselves the chief of the geo-
logical survey of California, and also one other
civilian distinguished for his knowledge of the
subjects.
The second section provides that these five
persons shall constitute a board, with power
to fill vacancies, whose duty it shall be to
make a full report to the President on the best
system of irrigation for said valleys, with all
necessary plans, details, engineering, statis-
tical, and otherwise, which report the Presi-
dent shall transmit to Congress at its next ses-
sion, with such recommendations as he shall
think proper.
The third section provides that the Secre-
tary of War shall furnish subsistence and trans-
portation for the board while in the field, and
the compensation of the members of the board
who are not in the service of the United States
shall not exceed $2,000 each, but the other
members of the board shall receive no addi-
tional compensation for their services.
Mr. TOWNSEND, of Pennsylvania. This
bill has received the sanction of the Commit-
tee on the Public Lands.
Mr. HOLMAN. It seems a very important
bill. I ask a division.
The question being put on suspending the
rules, it was agreed to, two thirds voting there-
for; and the bill was passed.
LOUISA JENKINS.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
the bill (S. No. 1637) for the relief of Louisa
Jenkins, widow of Henry Jenkins, deceased.
The bill was read. It proposes to extend for
the term of seven years from and after the
passage of the act the letters-patent granted
to Henry Jenkins, a citizen of the United
States, dated the 13th of January, 1852, and
extended by the Commissioner of Patents for
seven years from the 13th of January, 1866,
for an improved method of uniting wrought
and cast iron. And it directs the Commis-
sioner of Patents upon the presentation of the
letters-patent, or a certified copy thereof, to
make a certificate upon such patent, or certi-
fied copy thereof, of such extension (the law-
ful fees being first paid therefor) in the name
of Louisa Jenkins, widow of Henry Jenkins.
And it further directs the Commissioner of
Patents to cause the same to be entered of
record in the Patent Office ; and the letters-
patent so renewed and extended shall have
the same effect in law as if originally granted
to terms extending to the end of the term to
which they are extended by this act; provided,
however, that no person, firm, or corporation
shall be liable for any damage or royalty for
having made, vended, or used the invention
since the expiration of the patent, and prior
to the passage of this act.
Mr. KELLOGG. I hope the bill will pass
without objection. I desire just one moment
to make a brief explanation.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
The bill was taken from the Speaker's table,
read three times, and passed, two thirds vot-
ing therefor.
WILLIAM SPENCE.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the bill (S. No. 1556) for the relief of
William Spence.
The SPEAKER. Does any gentleman de-
sire the passage of this bill ?
Mr. MAYNARD. I desire to have that bill
The bill was read. It directs the Secretary
ot the Treasury to pay to William Spence, of
Murfreesborough, Tennessee, the su'm of
$34,280 30, in full satisfaction for all the
grain, cattle, &c., the property of said Spence,
taken and used by the proper military authori-
ties of the United States for the support of
the Army during the years 1862-63.
Mr. HAZELTON, of Wisconsin. Does this
come from any committee?
The SPEAKER. It is a Senate bill on the
Speaker's table.
The bill was ordered to a third reading ; and
it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
STEAMBOAT INSPECTORS.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the bill (S. No. 1575) to establish a board
of local inspectors for steam vessels for the
eastern district of Michigan, in the State of
Michigan.
The bill was read.
Mr. HOLMAN. If the gentlemen from
Michigan and Wisconsin 
Mr. RUSK. I object to debate.
Mr. CONGER. This bill only proposes to
appoint an inspector of steamers at Grand
Haven on the eastern side of Lake Michigan.
No objection being made, the bill received
its several readings, and was passed.
AMENDMENT OF HOMESTEAD LAW.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the bill (S. No. 1299) to amend an act
entitled "An act to enable honorably dis-
charged soldiers and sailors, their widows and
orphan children, to acquire homesteads on the
public lands of the United States.
The bill was read. It proposes to amend
the homestead law so as to provide that any
person entitled under that, act or the amend-
ments thereto to enter a homestead who may
have heretofore entered under the homestead
laws less than one hundred and sixty acres,
shall be permitted to enter so much land as,
when added to the quantity previously entered,
shall not exceed one hundred and sixty acres.
The bill was ordered to a third reading; and
it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
CONNECTICUT VOLUNTEERS.
The next business on the Speaker's table
