1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
207
after we hare made so much progress "ith the !
Calendar, and so satisfactorily I think to all |
Senators, we shall have before the holidays j
one more day for it during which we shall
probably be able to dispose of all the unob-
jected cases, thus affording very great relief
to many of our constituents and relieving the
Calendar of business as to which it requires
only the finishing touch to complete a large
amount of work and investigation that has been
going on.
I hope, therefore, that it will be understood
that the Calendar does not lose its place by
the French spoliation bill being taken np.
Does it require any order, Mr. President, to
do that ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Calendar
has been proceeded with under what is known
as the Anthony rnle, as a special order to
come up from day to day, nnless the Senate
otherwise order. The Senate postponed the
French spoliation bill until to-day at_ one
o'clock. There being no unfinished business
from Friday last, the French spoliation bill
therefore has priority. It comes up on ac-
count of having been regularly postponed to
to-day. If it should be disposed of to-day,
the Calendar will come up to-morrow. Bat
the Chair is informed that business will be
sought to be brought forward by Senators that
will occnpy the three or foer days remaining
before the holiday recess, unless some order
is madebyunanimoas consent that the Calendar
shall have some particular day. The Chair
supposed that would be assented to by Sen-
ators if they made the order.
Mr. ANTHONY. I should be willing to
propose any day that would meet the wishes
of those Senators who have business to pre-
sent; say Thursday.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Idesiretosay
that I supposed that, according to the regular
order of business whenever the Calendar was
set aside, the bill in relation to national col-
leges would come up, it having been postponed
until last Thursday; but I of course do not
desire to antagonize with Senators who wish
to make remarks upon the French spoliation
bill, as my friend on my right [Mr. Cameron]
has for a long time sought an opportunity to
do and been prevented ; but I notify the Senate
that I shall attempt to get a vote upon the
college bill before the holidays.
Mr. CRAGIN. On Friday last I reported
from the Committee on Naval Affairs a bill
authorizing the Secretary of the Navy to build
several steam vessels of war, and gave notice
that I would endeavor to call it up to-day or
early this week. I desire to give notice now
that to morrow morning after the morning
business is concluded I shall move to postpone
all prior orders and take up that bill, because
if the bill should pass it will be necessary that
during the holidays the Secretary of the Navy
should be able to prepare estimates to be sub-
mitted to the Committee on Appropriations, so
that the expenditures can be properly appro-
priated for before the session closes. It is a
very important measure, and I shall feel it my
duty to call it up to-morrow.
Mr. ANTHONY. Mr. President 
Mr. CAMERON. I am afraid, if I allow
my kindliness to operate further, I shall not
be able to get my bill up again to-day.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
protect the Senator from Pennsylvania. He
will not lose his right, any moment he may desire
it, to call up his bill. If the bill should be
disposed of during to-day's session, the Cal-
endar will then come up under the effect of
the rule. Of course, the unfinished business,
that which the Senate is engaged upon at the
close of a day's session, has priority of every-
thing else the next day. The Calendar, how-
ever, is liable at any time to be displaced under
the operation of the rule, by a majority vote
ordering otherwise. It comes up by its own
force every day.
Mr. ANTHONY. If this bill comes up to-
day and is disposed of to-day or to-morrow,
will the Calendar then be in order?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will then
come up.
Mr. ANTHONY. That will answer my
purpose.
POWER OF CONGRESS OVHR RAILROADS.
Mr. STEWART. As the morning business
has been prolonged beyond the morning hour,
I hope I shall be allowed to introduce a reso-
lution and ask for its present consideration :
Reiolvcd, That the Committee on tho Judiclary be
directed to inquire how far Congress is authorized
to regulate the fare and transportation upon rail-
roads between the States under that provision of
the Constitution whioh authorizes Congress to reg-
ulate commence between the States, and to report
by bill or otherwise.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
Mr. STEWART. I offer another resolution
on a kindred subject:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary
be directed to inquire as to the power of Congress to
authorize the construction and operation of rail-
roads passing into or through two or more States,
and report by bill or otherwise.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
BILL RECOMMITTED.
Mr. RAMSEY. I move that the bill (S.
No. 341) to reduce the rates of correspondence
and to connect the telegraph with the postal
service be recommitted to the Committee on
Post Offices and Post Roads.
| The motion was agreed to.
! MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had agreed to some and dis-
agreed to other amendments of the Senate to
the bill (H. R. No. 2994) for the reduction of
officers and expenses of the internal revenue,
requested a conference on the disagreeing
; votes of the two Houses thereon, and had
appointed Mr. Henry L. Dawes of Massachu-
' setts^ Mr. E. H. Roberts of New York, and
i Mr. James B. Beck of Kentucky, managers
; at the conference on its part.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message also announced that the
Speaker of the House had signed the following
enrolled bills ; and they were thereupon signed
by the Vice President:
A bill (S. No. 1211) to authorize the
national bank at Lyons, Michigan, to change
its location and name ; and
A bill (H. R. No. 3129) for the relief of
Scales & Manning, of Nashville, Tennessee.
FRENCH SPOLIATION CLAIMS.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning
! hour having expired, and there being no
! unfinished business from Friday, the bill
i (S. No. 100) to provide for the adjustment
!! and satisfaction of claims of American citizens
for spoliations committed by the French prior
to the 81st day of July, 1801, having been
postponed until to-day at one o'clock, is now
before the Senate as in Committee of the
Whole, and upon it the Senatorfrom Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Cameron] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. CAMERON. Mr. President, the bill
which I have had the honor to present to the
Senate is the same bill that was introduced by
the Senatorfrom Massachusetts [Mr. Sumner]
on the 9th of March, 1871. Its main feature
is that it provides for the payment to the claim-
ants of the sum of $5,000,000 in lieu of all
demands which may be made upon the Gov-
ernment. The original claims were supposed
to be about $20,000,000, and upon that interest
has been accruing for seventy years ; but it is
proposed now to pay these people in full by
giving them $5,000,000, one fourth of the
original claim without any interest.
Mr. President, it is equally beyond my hope
or my expectation to say anything new on
a subject which has been pressed upon the
attention of Congress for seventy years. Forty-
three congressional reports have exhausted
the facts, and the masterly speech delivered
in the Senate on the 23d and 24th of March,
1840, by Hon. John M. Clayton has exhausted
the argument on this just and equitable claim.
An elaborate restatement of these facts and
arguments is also now unnecessary ; for that
has been done so eloquently and well by the
honorable Senator from Massachusetts [Mr.
Sumner] in his report on this subject of April
4, 1864, that it would, in my opinion, be a
waste of time to go over ground again which
has been so often traveled. But the conven-
ience of the Senate may require a brief re-
minder of the main points in this case, and to
that duty I shall confine myself.
After the French people had beheaded their
king and declared the Republic, they found
themselves oalled on to defend their country
against a vast and powerful league of monarchs
determined ,to punish the regicides and then
restore the fallen French dynasty ; and to fully
and honestly consider the acts from which our
commerce suffered, it will be necessary to
briery describe the character of the war waged
against France by the coalition. In perform-
ing this duty I am confronted with facts so
horrible and atrocious that nothing but official
documents will justify any one in statingthem.
The failure of her harvests had brought France
to the brink of starvation. The ports of
Europe were closed against ber famishing peo-
ple, and so her only hope for food was from
abroad, and mainly from us. This last re-
source her enemies determined to cut off, and
the shocking policy was announced that France
was to be starved into submission. England,
while peace continued betweenher and France,
detained all vessels in her ports loaded with
provisions and destined for French ports. A
reliable historian, writing of this outrage, says:
" These violations of the law of nations, of treaties,
and of neutral rights were committed when Eng-
land was in a declared state of neutrality and peace
with France, and while a French minister was in
London begging the ministry to remain at peace,
and to permit the exportation of provisions to keep
his countrymen from starving. So atrocious indeed
were these acts that the British ministry were com-
pelled to take refuge under an act of indemnity to
escape impeachment and punishment."
A Russian fleet was sent to the Atlantic
under Admiral Goff, who bore these orders for
his guidance:
"We are bound, according to our stipulations
with his Majesty the king of Great Britain, to en-
deavor to present these French, who persist in their
rebellion, from reeeivingany supplies of which they
may be in need. The hostile measures employed
against them are not strictly conformable to the na-
tural laws of war, when it unfortunately takes pluco
between nations under lawful government; but aa
these measures are taken against these arrant villains
who have overturned all duties observed toward
God, the laws, and the Government—who hare even
gone so far as to take the life of their own sovereign—
the means of punishing these villains ought, in jus-
tice, to be employed in such manner as to accelerate
and insure success in so salutary an affair. We
have made representations to the courts of Sweden
and Denmark, but our just demands have not been
satisfactorily answered. We have therefore declared
to them that we oannot see with indifference pro-
visions of stores sent to France to nourish rebels.
By this you will clearly see our intentions, and we
order you to seiee all French vessels you may meet
with, and send back to their own ports all neutral
vessels bound to France."
Prussia adopted the same cruel policy, as
shown by the third article of her treaty with
England, signed July 14, 1793, as follows:
"Art. 3. The high contracting parties having
taken the resolution to chut all their ports agiiiust
French ships, and not to permit the exportation in
any cases from the said ports for France of any mil-
itary or naval stores, of corn, grain, salt, meat, or
other provisions, they reciprocally engage to con-
tinue these measures, and promise to employ all
other means which shall be in their power for injur-
ing the commerce of France, and bringing her, by
such means, to just conditions of peace."
These official extracts will show, in some
degree, the situation when the spoliations on
our commerce occurred. The allied sovereigns
had determined to starve the French people
because they had chosen to become a repub-
