2132
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
The second section provides that the fourth
section of the aforesaid act be amended so as
to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to
cause to be surveyed, if necessary, appraised,
and disposed of, in the manner provided for in
section one of this act, that portion of the Sac
and Fox Indian reservation in the State of
Nebraska, such part of said reservation as lies
within the State of Kansas.
The question being taken on the motion of
Mr. Shanks, there were—ayes 59, noes 55.
So (two thirds not voting in favor thereof)
the bill was not
oliver moses and otheks.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. I ask unani-
mous consent that the bill for the relief of
Oliver Moses, Frank 0. Moses, and others,
may be printed and referred to the Committee
of the Whole on the Private Calendar.
There being no objection, the motion was
agreed to.
anson bdklingame.
Mr. BANKS. Mr. Speaker, when I an-
nounced on the 25th of February, 1870, the
death of Anson Burlingame, I said that in the
regular order of business there would be an
opportunity to pay proper respect to his mem-
ory. In that remark I had reference to the dis-
position of the Chinese indemnity fund in
connection with an institution of instruction.
I ask leave to print some remarks on that sub-
ject, that 1 may give what is in my judgment
a proper estimate of Mr. Burlingame's char-
acter, and some considerations in connection
with the great measure with which he wished
forever to be remembered in the hearts of his
countrymen.
There being no objection, leave to print
was granted. [See Appendix.]
committee members.
Mr. BANKS, from the Committee on the
Rules, submitted a resolution; which was read
as follows:
Resolved, That the Rules of the House be so
amended that the standing committees, heretofore
consisting of nine members, shall hereafter consist
of thirteen.
Mr. BANKS. 1 will demand the previous
question.
Mr. BOLIVIAN. I hope not. Let me offer
an amendment fixing the number at eleven.
Mr. BANKS. I wish to make a statement
on this subject. If gentlemen will give me
their attention I will say that when Congress
was organized the number of members of
committees was seven. The entire number of
bills introduced in the First Congress 
Mr. HOLMAN. I hope order will be pre-
served in the House so we may hear the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts.
Mr. BANKS. The number of members of
committees in the first Congresses up to the
Fifteenth was seven ; the entire number of bills
then introduced in an entire Congress was one
hundred or one hundred and ten. In 1803 the
number of bills introduced in asession in both
Houses of Congress amounted to five hundred
and fifty. Then the House increased the
number of committees to nine, which is the
number now. At I his session the number of
bills introduced into the two Houses exceeds
forty three hundred ; and yet the number of
members of committees continues the same.
We have increased the number of members in
the House from one hundred and eighteen to
two hundred and ninety-two; and with this
increase of bills and increase of members it is
absolutely necessary, in order that the busi-
ness should be attended to, that the number
of committees should be increased.
Mr. DAWKS.. Thirteen is an unwieldy
number, and 1 hope my colleague will allow
an amendment to be offered to make it eleven.
You will never get a committee so large
together.
Mr. BANKS. I will call for the previous
question.
Mr. IIOLMAN. This ia an important mat-
ter, and I hope the previous question will not
be seconded until the amendments are offered.
Mr. COBUBN. Mr. Speaker, I object to
the consideration of the subject of committees
at this time of the session, and in this Congress
at any rate. The number of members in the
next Congress is greatly increased, and a new
arrangement should be made by the members
of that Congress for themselves. They ought
to settle the arrangement of their committees
and not this Congress.
I will give one instance in which I think a
reform could be made; and that is as to appro-
priations. That committee has too much
work, has too heavy a burden. I think it could
be subdivided with great advantage. I would
make five Committees on Appropriations ; one
for the Treasury Department; one for the War
and Navy, one for the Interior, one for the
State and Post Office Departments, and one
for miscellaneous matters. I would combine
with these Committees of Appropriation the
Committees of Expenditures, clothed with the
power to investigate, as at present. Now the
Committeeon Appropriations has no power of
investigation, and their only work is to provide
for taking money from the Treasury.
When next Congress comes together they
can sit down calmly and provide for these mat-
ters. In my judgment, with committees not
overworked with a pressure for vast appro-
priations, and with time to look into all expen-
ditures, we can manage the Government more
economically.
Mr. SARGENT. Does the gentleman say
we have had no investigations this Congress?
Why, sir, we have had nothing else.
Mr. BANKS. I will allow the amendment
making the number of members eleven to be
pending, and shall now demand the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded and
the main question ordered.
Mr. BANKS. I wish to say it is absolutely
necessary that this matter should be settled now
in order that whoever has the organization of
the next House will know precisely what to do.
Mr. POTTER. Eleven is the proportion
of increase in the House.
The amendment was agreed to.
The resolution as amended was adopted.
arrangement of tub iiall
Mr. TYNER, from the Committee on Public
Buildings and Grounds, submitted the follow-
ing resolution ; which was read, considered,
and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Clerk of the House be, and is
hereby, directed to procure a sufficient number of
desks and chairs of such size as may be necessary to
accommodate the increased number of Kepresenta-
tives in the next Congress, said selection of chairs
and desks to be made by him upon consultation with
the Architect ot the Capitol, and payment therefor to
bo made out of the appropriation heretofore made
for refitting theHall of the House.
Resolved, The Architect of the Capitol Extension
be directed to make such changes in the means of
heating and ventilating the Hall as will secure a
more equable heat and moro perfect ventilation;
and that he is also directed to make such changes in
said Hall as will linpiovo the acoustic properties
thereof; that sjid Architect be further instructed to
p*ace in the room immediately east of and adjoin-
ing the bath-room ot the House of Kepresentatives,
the necessary fixtures to convert it into a bath-
room similar in style and equal in capacity to the
present one, and communicating therewith.
Resolved, Tile rooms in the southern wing of the
Old Hall now in use by the Court of Claims be taken
possession of by the Clerk of the House, and relitted
lor the purpose of committee-rooms for subsequent
Congresses, and that the cost of furnishing them be
paid out ol the proper appropriations of the House.
Mr. BANKS. I wish to move an amend-
ment to which I think there will be no objec-
tion.
The Clerk read as follows:
Revolved, That the Clerk of the House be, and
hereby is, instructed to make such an arrangement
of the galleries of the House as will provide sep-
arate, convenient, and comfortable sections tor the
families of members of the Houso and Senate, of tho
President, Vice President, and members of the
Cabinet; and for the uso of tho diplomatic corps ;
and that the several purtiens of the galleries when
so arranged sha,!l he reseivod for tho exclusive uso
of the persons for whom they are thus designated.
The question being put on the amendment
offered by Mr. Banks, it was agreed to.
The report of the Committee on Public
Buildings and Grounds as amended was
agreed to.
Mr. TYNER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the report was agreed to ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
enrolled bills signed.
Mr. BUCKLEY, from the Committee on
Enrolled Bills, reported that the committee
had examined and found duly enrolled bills
of the House of the following titles; when the
Speaker signed the same:
An act (H. R. No. 882) restoring Alonzo
J. Marsh to his position in the Army, and that
he be honorably mustered oat of the service
as of the date of the mustering out of his
regiment;
An act (H. R. No. 2703) authorizing the
Secretary of War to furnish a duplicate cer-
tificate of discharge where the same has been
lost;
An act (H. R. No. 2824) for the relief of
Henry H. Stafford, late receiver of public
moneys at Marquette, Michigan ;
An act (H. R. No. 2991) making appropria-
tions for the legislative, executive, and judi-
cial expenses of the Government for the year
ending June 30, 1874, and for other purposes ;
An act (H. R. No. 3981) for the relief of
Julia P. Synde, minor child of R. D. Synde,
late surgeon of United States volunteers,
nQfiaOQ6n * 9T1M
An act,' (H. II. No. 4002) for the relief of
Jonathan Diehl and George Blymer, sureties
on the bond of Josiah S. Diehl, late contractor
for carrying the United States mails on post
route No. 4249.
judge j. n. locke.
Mr. POTTER. I rise to make a privileged
report from the Committee 011 the Judiciary.
The Clerk read as follows :
The Committee on tho Judiciary, to whom was
referred the resolution of the Houso in reference to
tho honorable J. N. Locke, judge of the district
court for the district ol Florida, respectfully report
that they find that the said Judge Locke before be-
coming a judge of the said court, had .accepted the
office of senator of the State of Florida, and con-
tinued to hold such office and attend the sessions of
tho senate while continuing to hold tho office of
judge. Your commit-toe regard it as improper for a
Federal officer to accept and hold a State office, so
incompatible with his official duties, and they recom-
mend the passage of a bill by Congress forbidding Fed-
eral officers Irom taking office under State authority.
But the said Locke having resigned his office as State
senator, your committee report- back said resolution,
with the recommendation that the committee be
discharged from the further consideration thereof.
All ot which is respectfully submitted.
JOHN A. B1N(HIAjSI,
BENJAMIN E. BUTLER,
CHARLES A. ELD11EDUE,
CLARIvSON N. POTTER,
jDANIUL W. VOORHEEd,
JOHN A. PETHRS,
MIL0 GOODRICH,
J. M. WILSON.
L. I). SHOEMAKER.
The committee was discharged from the fur-
ther consideration of the resolution referred
to them, and the same was laid on the table.
UNION PACIFIC RAILWAY
Mr. WILSON, of Indiana, from the select
Committee on the Union Pacific Railroad Com-
pany and the Credit Mobilier Company pre-
sented a report in writ'ng, and moved that the
committee be discharged from the further con-
sideration of the subject referred to them, and
that the report be laid on the table and ordered
to be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
1 he SPEAKEU. The Chair lays foofore the
House the following resolution which has been
received from the Senate.
The Clerk read as follows :
Revolved, That the Senate agree to tho resolution
of the Hotteo of Representatives to print tho record
and testimony'of the select Committee on tho Union
Pacific Railroad Company and Credit Mobilier Com-
