208
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 16,
lie. The starving French must procure bread
or succumb. Aud so the attention of both
parties was directed to our shore*. Our old
friends and allies were anxious to procure the
soreiy needed food we had to spare. The seas
between were swept by cruisers bent on pre-
venting our breadstuff's reaching France. And
the Freuch, driven to desperation, ordered:
"The capture of all neutral vessels whioh should
be found laden, in whole or in part, either with
articles of food belonging to the neutral Powers and
intended for an enemy's port, or with merchandise
belonging to an enemy."
The consequence of these measures of retal-
iation was that our commerce was driven from
the ocean, many of our merchants were ruined,
and onr finances were seriously crippled. Rep-
resentations were made to the t rench Gov-
ernment concerning these outrages on our
people and our commerce, and assurances were
given that reparation should be made; but
these assurances failed to restore to onr mer-
chants their commercial liberties and rights,
which continued to be erushed between the
contending forces. At last onr Government
interfered and attempted to restore our mari-
time interests, and so relieve the finances now
suffering from the destruction of onr foreign
trade. To this end the following circular was
addressed by the Secretary of State, Mr. Jeffer-
son, under date Augnst 27, 1793, to oar mer-
chants:
" Ukstlkhik : Complaint having been made to the
Government of the United State* of some instance*
of unjustifiable vexation and spoliation on onr mer-
chant vessels by the privateers of the Powers at war,
and it being possible that other instances may have
happened, of which no information has been given
to the Government, I have it in charge from the
President to assure the merchants of the United
States engaged in foreign commerce or navigation
that due attention will be paid to any ituuries they
may suffer on the high seas, or in foreign countries,
contrary to the law of nations, or to existing treaties;
and that on their forwarding hither well authenti-
cated evidence of the samat proper proceedings
will be adopted for their relief."
This assurance, in conformity with the abso-
lute duty of every Government to protect its
citizens in the enjoyment of all their legitimate
rights, restored our commerce to some extent.
But, so far as the claims now under considera-
tion are concerned, it proved to be a snare to
the unwary rather than a shield of protection.
It only allured our merchants and ship owners
to again risk the property to the perils of the
war-swept ocean; and when they had been
ingulfed in ruin no redress was given, although
the losses they had suffered had been incurred
under a solemn assurance of protection by
which they had again been entrapped into
spoliation and ruin 1
I do not assert or imply that onr Govern-
ment did not endeavor to procure payment for
these losses of our citizens. On tne contrary,
it was constant, persistent, importunate in its
efforts to procure indemnification, and at last
did secure from France full satisfaction for
these claims—a hundred times told—and has
for more than seventy years retained the consid-
eration, the receipt of which is acknowledged
in the convention of 1800 between France and
the United States. The controversy settled by
that convention is simply this: we claimed
from France more than twenty millions for
indemnity for spoliations committed upcin the
property of onr citizens. France claimed from
as the fulfillment of treaty obligations in the
future, and inestimable damages for past neglect
of these duties—damages so vast that our claim
became only contemptible in comparison.
A brief outline of the French claims set up
as an offset to ours may not at this point be
inappropriate; and I shall devote a few min-
utes to that part of the subject, saying noth-
ing beyond a reference to the main points of
the case.
In 1778 our whole country was thrilled with
the joyful intelligence that Benjamin Frank-
lin, our minister at Paris, had secured the
alliance of France for our struggling patriots.
The succor came at a critical juncture. The
campaign of 1777 had closed with the defeat
at Brandywine in September, and the disaster
at Germantown in October. Washington had
led his beaten, dispirited, half naked, starved
army into winter quarters at Valley Forge.
Even his serene courage gave way at that ter-
rible time. We can estimate the general
gloom when we read the sorrowful and de-
sponding words of the great chieftain. He
says:
" Four days of bad weather will destroy this
army."
And with it, we may well conclude, the
hopes of ultimate liberty which up to that
dreadful moment had nerved the courage of
onr ancestors. It was then that the camp at
Valley Forge, the whole land, rang with shouts
of triumph at the prospect of the powerful
aid of France.
Of this aid, and of the treaty which pledged
it, Mr. Clayton says:
" I am certain this treaty secured the independ-
ence of tie United States."
I have no desire to weaken that statement;
nor do I weaken it when I qualify it by saying
that this treaty and the benign favor of God
in a just c&fse secured to us the victory over
our powerful foe. But the price we were to
pay for the aid of France was incalculable.
Men struggling for the -right to enjoy life and '
to promote liberty, and desperately pressed in
the noble struggle, do not stop to estimate the
cost of that which brings them relief from
immediate peril and salvation from ultimate
destruction. To make apparent tbis cost I
need only quote two articles of the treaty of
1778, and recount the French possessions on
our hemisphere. I now quote arricles eleven
and twelve of the treaty of February 6, 1778,
between France and the United States.
"Art. U, The two parties guaranty, mutually, from
the present time, and forever, against all other
Powers, to wit: The United States to his most Chris-
tian Majesty, the present possessions of the Crown
of France in America, as well a& those it may acquire
by the future treaty of peace. And his most Chris-
tian Majesty guaranties, on his part, the United
States their liberty, sovereignty, and independence,
absolute aqd unlimited.
"Abt. 12. In order to fix more precisely the sense
and application the preceding article, the con-
tracting parties declare, that in case of a rupture
between Prance ana England the reciprocal guaran-
tees declared in the said article shall have full force
and effect the moment such war shall break out."
Here we have our guarantee to France to
protect her territory in America in case of |
war between her and England ; and the pos-
sessions thus guarantied comprise eleven
islands in the West Indies, &c., (San Domin-
go, Martinique, Guadeloupe, St. Lucia, St.
Vincent, Tobago, Deseada, St. Pierre, Marie
Galante, Miquelon, and Grenada,) and Cay-
enne and the territory of Orleans on the main
land. Owing to the subsequent participation
of England in the great struggle to reduce
France and the naval war which followed,
many of these valuable possessions were torn
from France while every conditipn which
bound ns to defend them was in full force.
The weakness of our nation then may furnish
a good excuse for supinely permitting many
of these fine islands to be wrested from our
faithful ally; but, if that be a sufficient ex-
cuse, the case is one which would justify a
nation much weaker than ours then was in
wishing for.power to tear the plunderers of a
brave nation from their prey, and to enable
us to fulfill the reciprocal duties which honor,
public faith, and gratitude alike demanded,
and every feeling of generosity urged us to
perform. If weakness alone was the cause of
our neglect of duty, I submit that the fact
bears with peculiar weight ou our obligation,
now that we are strong, to come to the aid of
those who suffered from our inability then to
fulfill our part in the great bargain, and have
for three quarters of a century suffered the
consequences of that weakness from genera-
tion to generation.
But a Candid examination of this matter
will show what I wish it did not show, that
our dereliction did not proceed, entirely from
inability to perform our duty. A change had
come over our policy. The Federal party,
governed by their sympathy for England, were
intent on rebuking the license of the French
revolutionary ideas. Tbe entanglements of
European alliances alarmed many wise men
of that day; and while public sentiment was
(k-ifting away from our ally the French did
much to accelerate the change in American
sentiment. Unwise diplomatic agents of the
republic urged us to the performance of our
treaty obligations with more zeal than judg-
ment—always bad policy. The language held
by these representatives was more that of a
master -than a friend; and at last their perti-
nacity and insolence weakened the ties which
bound the two nations together, for tbe load
of obligation we owed to France was lightened
by the too frequent reminders we received that
it was inexpressible. This stale of feeling and
the constant irritation of the public mind of
our people caused the authorities to cast about
for relief from a friendship the continuance of
which was more intolerable than open enmity.
Our minister at London began negotiations
for a treaty of neutrality between the United
States and Great Britain, and in time a treaty
was signed and ratified between the two
nations.
This treaty, known as the Jay treaty, annulled
the exclusive rights of France in our ports
(so far as one party to a contract can annul
it) secured to her by the treaty of amity and
commerce signed on the same day as the treaty
of alliance, by giving tbe British equal- priv-
ileges of shelter, equal rights for bringing into
our ports and selling her prizes, and indeed
in everything which had heretofore been en-
joyed by France exclusively. I do not trust
myself to criticise the justice of our policy in
this affair. But passing it by as a chapter iu
our history best studied in silence, 1 merely
remark that the Jay treaty caused an outburst
of anger in France which came very near in-
volving us in war with the nation to which we
owe iu an eminent degree, our national exist-
ence.
Retaliation was at once declared. Smarting
under a sense of wrong, and goaded to des-
peration by our bad faith and the atrocious
attempt to starve her whole people, orders
were issued by the French Government to
seize quf merchant vessels and carry them and
their fowl -iijto French ports, and these spolia-
tions began.•
When we submitted claims for these spolia-
tions France set up an offset, and I think a
just one,'against our claims. For seven years
or more neither would agree to the only set-
tlement then possible in the impoverished con-
dition of the two nations. But at last, in
1800, both France and the United . States
agreed to set off their claims against each
other; and in consideration of our abandon-
ment of our claims against her we were re-
leased from all responsibility for past due
obligations and from all future guarantees of
French territory on this hemisphere. An alli-
ance, the end of which none could see, and a.
responsibility which none could estimate, was
ended. For the first time in our national ex-
istence we were relieved from that "entangling
alliance" \yhich inevitably drew us into the
tempestuous dangers and endless troubles of
European complications and bloody wars, in
which we had all to lose and nothing to gain.
And now the time had come when the whole
force of the mind of our people could be
directed to home development; and the mighty
progress which has since blessed us is but one
of the many benefits we have enjoyed by the
emancipation from the guarantees, which
emancipation we secured through the confis-
cation of the prooperty of those whose heirs
now ask us to pay them a tithe of what their
ancestors lost.
This very imperfect outline of the case be-
fore us snows, I think, that to secure national
