1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2133
pany, with the following amendment: strike out
three, and insert " one."
The amendment was concurred in.
new mexico land claims.
Mr. UPSON, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee on Private Land Claims, re-
ported back a letter of the Secretary of the
Interior, transmitting reports of the Surveyor
General of New Mexico, and moved that the
same be printed and recommitted.
The motion was agreed to.
reporters of debates
Mr. DAWES. The contract for the Con-
gressional Globe having expired, I introduce
the following preamble and resolution, that
the present reporters may for the time being
be considered officers of the House.
The Clerk read as follows :
Whereas the present contract for the publication
of the debates expires with this session; and
whereas the sundry civil appropriation bill about
to become a Jaw provides that until a new con-
tract be made the debates shall be printed by the
Congressional Printer, but makes no provision
for reporting, leaving each House to adopt such
arrangements on that subject as it may deem best:
Therefore,
Resolved, That the reports of House proceedings
and debates shall be furnished to the Congressional
Printer by the present corps of Globe reporters, who
shall hereafter, until otherwise ordered, be officers of
the House, and shall receive the same compensation
now allowed to the official reporters of committees.
Mr. MAYNARD. I desire to say that the
Congressional Printer states that he is ready
to commence printing the debates at twelve
o'clock to-day.
Mr. BEATTY. I desire to offer the follow-
ing amendment as a substitute for the resolu-
tion offered by the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts.
The Clerk read as follows:
Resolved, That the reporters employedby the Con-
gressional Printer to report the debates and proceed-
ings of the House shall be such persons only as shall
beapproved by the jointCommitteeon Public Print-
ing on the part of the House; and the rates paid
them shall not be less than rates hitherto paid by
Kives & Bailey.
Mr. DAWES. The reporters ought to be
declared officers of the House.
Mr. BEATTY. Let me say one word.
Mr. SARGENT. Some of these gentle-
men at the desk before us have been here for
twenty-three years, and ought not to be turned
off in this way.
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. I do not want the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Beatty,] or any
one else who may be chairman of the Com-
mittee on Printing, to have control of these
reporters.
Mr. DAWES. There will be no joint Com-
mittee on Printing at the commencement of
the next session.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] yield to the gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Beatty] to offer that
amendment?
Mr. DAWES. No, sir ; I do not.
Mr. BANKS. I hope the reporters of the
House will bo under the direction and control
of the Speaker. The Speaker represents the
House ; the Committee on Printing does not
represent the House.
Mr. DAWES. That is exactly my view;
the House is, of course, represented by the
Speaker. .
The SPEAKER. The Chair will explain
in one moment this matter. In the Senate,
the Presiding Officer being the Vice President,
the Committee on Printing has always had con
trol over the reporters, but in the House the
Speaker has had control over them. The
Chair cares nothing about it, but that has been
the rule heretofore. , . .
Mr. BEATTY. I have no objection to
change my amendment so as to leave the
reporters under the control of the Speaker
instead of the Committee on Printing.
The SPEAKER. It is there now under the
rules of the House.
The question was taken on Mr. Dawes s res-
olution ; and it was agreed to.
Mr. DAWES moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Gor-
ham, its Secretary, announced that the Senate
had passed without amendment bills of the
House of the following titles:
A bill (H. R. No. 2984) to purchase a site
for a public building in Pittsburg;
A bill (H. R. No. 2803) for the relief of
Samuel S. Potter;
A bill (H. R. No. 4061) to provide for the
preparation and presentation to Congress of
the revision of the laws of the United States
consolidating t,he laws relating to post roads
and a code relating to military offenses, and
the revision of treaties with the Indian tribes
now in force;
A bill (H. R. No. 3949) to provide for the
apportionment of the Territory of Wyoming
for legislative purposes ; and
A bill (H. R. No. 3844) to remove the disa-
bilities imposed by the fourteenth amendment
of the Constitution of tbe United States from
Robert M. T. Hunter, of Virginia.
JUDICIAL DISTRICT, fiORTH CAROLINA.
On motion of Mr. COBB, by unanimous con-
sent, the bill (S. No. 1643) to amend an act.
entitled "An act to establish the western
judicial district of North Carolina" was taken
from the Speaker's table and read a first and
second time.
The bill was read. It provides that section
eight of the act of June 4, 1872, to establish
the western judicial district of North Carolina,
be amended by adding thereto " there shall
also be appointed a marshal of the United
States for the said judicial district."
The bill was ordered to a third reading ; and
it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
a. b. claxton.
Mr. ARCHER, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to :
Resolved, That A. B. Claxton be retained as a
folder, and paid out of the contingent fund of the
House until otherwise ordered.
judge e. h. durbll.
Mr. BINGHAM, from the Committee on
the Judiciary, submitted a report in writing
upon the case of Judge E. H. Durell of the
district court of Louisiana; which was laid
on the table, and ordered to be printed. -
monument to admiral farragct.
Mr. HALSEY, from the Committee on Pub-
lic Buildings and Grounds, in accordance with
the provisions of the joint resolution to author-
ize the erection of a colossal statue of the late
Admiral Parragut, approved April 16, 1872,
reported that the committee had examined all
the models of a colossal statue of the late
Admiral Farragut that bad been presented
to them, and after full conference with the
Senate Committee on Public Buildings and
Grounds had been unable to agree on a choice,
and therefore reported the fact to the House,
as directed by a provision of the resolution.
The report was accepted.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Gorham,
its Secretary, announced that the Senate had
passed a bill (S. No. 536) to confirm the sale
of Shawnee Indian lands in Kansas under the
direction and with the approval of the Secre-
tary of the Interior.
The message further announced that the
Senate had passsd without amendment the bill
(II. R- No. 4074) to provide for the erection
of a public building for a post office and other
United States offices at Jersey City, New Jer-
sey.
agricultural statistics.
Mr. PRICE, from the Committee on Print-
ing, reported back the following resolution;
which was read, considered, and adopted :
Resolved by the Senate, (the House of Representa-
tives concurring,) That there be printed for the use
of the Commissioner of Agriculture twenty-five
hundred additional copies or so much of the ninth
census as relates to the statistics of agriculture.
heirs of james b. armstrong.
Mr. SMITH, of New York. I now ask that
the House take up a bill, with the Senate
amendment thereto, which was laid aside some
time since, the bill of the House No. 3894,
for the relief of the heirs-at-law and next of
kin of James B. Armstrong, deceased.
No objection was made, and the bill and
amendment were taken up.
The amendment of the Senate was to reduce
the amount appropriated to $13,385 09.
The amendment of the Senate was con-
curred in.
enrolled bills signed.
Mr. POSTER, of Michigan, from the Com-
mittee on Enrolled Bills, reported that they
had examined and found truly enrolled bills of
the following titles; when the Speaker signed
the same:
An act (S. No. 957) supplemental to the act
of February 9, 1821, incorporating the Colum-
bia College in the District of Columbia ;
An act-(S. No. 968) to authorize the inter-
ment of honorably discharged soldiers, sailors,
and marines in the national cemeteries of the
United States;
An act (S. No. 1042) forthe relief of Thomas
Hollis, of Morgan county, Georgia ;
An act (S. No. 1088) to authorize the Sec-
retary of the Interior to settle the claims of
Messrs. Durfee & Peck and E. H. Durfee for
supplies furnished the Indians in Montana in
tbe winter of 1869 ;
An act (S. No. 1173) granting a pension to
Elvira A. Maxey and in respect to her minor
children under sixteen years of age ;
An act (S. No. 1391) repealing an act enti-
tled ' 'An act for the relief of certain Indians
in the central superintendency," approved
June 10. 1872;
An act (S. No. 1607) donating condemned
cannon and cannon-balls to the Gettysburg
Battle-field Memorial Association ; and
An act (S. No. 1636) to place at the dis-
posal of the Commissioner of Internal Rev-
enue certain copies of the new compilation of
internal revenue laws.
Mr. BUCKLEY, from the same committee,
reported that they had examined and found
truly enrolled bills of the following titles;
when the Speaker signed the same :
An act (H. R. No. 119) to authorize the
Secretary of War to survey, plat, and sell the
present cemetery grounds upon the Port Gra-
tiot military reservation, in Michigan, and for
other purposes;
An act (H. R. No. 1836) for the relief of
William E. Ward;
An act (H. R. No. 1428) for the relief of
John L. Bullard;
An act (H. R. No. 1526) for the relief of
Kreel & Miller;
An act (H. R. No. 1535) to abolish the
tribal relations of the Miami Indians, and for
other purposes;
An act (H. R. No. 1774) for the relief of
J. W. Holiday;
An act (H. R. No. 1777) for the relief of
P. W. Standefer;
An act (H. R. No. 2202) authorizing joint
entry by projjmption settlers, and for other
purposes;
An act (H. R. No. 2436) granting a pen-
sion to Mrs. Mollie S. Roberts;
An act (H. R. No. 2887) for the relief of
William Johnson, of Ripley county, Indiana;
An act (H. R. No. 2969) to authorize and
direct the Secretary of War to distribute arms
and military equipments under the act of April
23, 1808, and the acts amendatory thereto;
An act (H. R. No. 3512) for the relief of
John Paine;
