210
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 16.
the James and York rivers to cut off Corn-
wall's retreat, and sent three thousand men
to join La Fayette in the siege ; he landed in
all seven thousand troops. Clinton with his
liritish fleet in New YorK was unable in time
to extend relief, and Cornwallis, thus hemmed
in by land and water, surrendered to Washing-
ton in October, 1781. This event which shed
such a halo of glory on the American cause,
which brought to the American heart so much
joy and hope, so important and so ominous
of the final result, ultimately led to the treaty
of peace which secured our sovereignty and
independence ; and thus did Prance, our then
faithful and efficient ally, fulfill her part of the
treaty and her guarantee of our independence.
A war subsequently ensued between France
and England. France assumed in form a re-
public ; she had her First Consul and Assembly.
Europe became alarmed at the spread of free
institutions, and armed against her. She
presented the moral and sublime spectacle of
a nation fighting against monarchy, with the
kings and emperors of the world combined for
her defeat and to restore the empire.
In great wars, and especially of maritime
nations, the commerce of neutrals always suf-
fers. The ships of such Powers, in their carry-
ing trade, stimulated by high prices and large
profits, run greater risks and make more haz-
ardous ventures than in times of peace. Pri-
vateers under false or many colors prey not
only upon the commerce of belligerents, but
often upon that of neutrals, while the ghips and
privateers of those engaged in war, animated by
the spirit of conquest and ofgain, partaking of
the demoralization which war always produces,
frequently capture and despoil the vessels of
those who are at peace. This is sometimes
done under the real or pretended difficulties
of ascertaining the true character of the ship
and her cargo; sometimes under the charge
of carrying articles of contraband to another
belligerent which are forfeited by the law of
nations to the captors, and at other tames on
the ground of defective papers or clearances
of the vessel. War brings evils, wrongs, and
oppressions in its train ; it is a scourge, a ca-
lamity, and prolific of injuries, contentions,
and difficulties to those engaged in neutral
commerce. Acts and violations of national
law and treaty engagements, which at other
periods are deemed just causes of war, are sub-
mitted to rather than a resort to the ultima
ratio, and are left for negotiation and adjust-
ment when peace resumes her scepter, the
passions subside, and reason aud justice ex-
ercise their dominion. Nations, like indi-
viduals, are called to do right and to re-
dress wrongs. Negotiation assumes the place
of armies, and the voice of commissioners is
heard instead of the thunder of cannon and
the din of battle. Would that all national dis-
putes could be settled by the arbiters of peace!
Our country, peaceful in its character, has
obtained indemnities for depredations upon
the commerce and property of our people from
Spain, Naples, Denmark, Mexico, ana others,
and from the arbitrators at Geneva. The
victories of peace are more glorious and endur-
ing thau the triumphs of the battle-field over
the bodies of the slain and the cries of the
dying and the wounded.
Although the depredations upon our com-
merce by French •'.uisers, when France was
strnSt,''-fc against the world to maintain her
new government, may have justified war, yet,
in view of the essential services she had
rendered to us in the hour of our gloom and
peril, and of the prestige and name she
secured for us by her close alliance and
assistance, it would have been unseemly and
ungrateful to have united in effect with crowned
heads to crush the new republic. It was more
magnanimous to await the result of the war,
and then to appeal to the justice, the judg-
ment, and integrity of our friend and ally
for remuneration. This course was partially
adopted by the statesmen of our country.
France, however, was not without her claims
against us arising under the treaty before
recited. While she was engaged in a conflict
with Great Britain, President Washington
issued his proclamation of neutrality, com-
manding our people to be neutral in the fight.
France, in view of our treaty obligations,
viewed this as a violation and as wanting in
sympathy to her and her cause. That procla-
mation produced great excitement in our
country, for France had many friends, and
brought on publications between Mr. Madison
and Alexander Hamilton, who took opposite
sides, the former in opposition to and the latter
in support of the proclamation. It was con-
tended that the proclamation was without
authority, was contrary to our treaties with
France, to the gratitude which was due from
this to that country for the succor afforded in
our Revolution. It required the high personal
and patriotic character of Washington to stem
the current of opposition to this measure.
That character was such, connected with his
incomparable services in the struggle for inde-
pendence, as to command the respect and ven-
eration of his countrymen. His pure patriot-
ism, perils, and sacrifices, his Roman firmness
and unsullied honor, his eminent public and
private virtues, prudence, judgment, and de-
votion to liberty, abated to some extent oppo-
sition to his civic administration. The Ameri-
can minister complained early of the violation
of the rights of commerce. The French min-
ister did not deny their existence, and wrote in
reply:
" It [the Government of the United States} must
perceive how difficult it is to contain within just
limits the indignation of our marines, and in general
of all the French patriots, against a people who
speak the same language and having the same habits
as the free Americans. The difficulty of distinguish-
ing our allies from our enemies has often been the
cause of offenses committed on board your vessels. All
that the Administration could do is to order indem-
nification to those who have suffered, and to punish
the guilty."
A few days after the issuing of the proclama-
tion, and in reference to the attempt to starve
the French nation by arresting all vessels
ladened with provisions and destined to an
enemy's port, thus enlarging contraband of
war, contrary to the laws of nations and the
usages of the civilized world, France retali
ated, and was alike guilty of a violation of the
rights of neutrals, but promised indemnity to
such as might suffer by the operation. Our
Government wisely came forward and promised
our commercial men that proper proceedings
: would be adopted'for their relief. Thisencour
aged our citizens to continue their commercial
pursuits, who were requested to lodge with
the Department of State authenticated evi-
dence of their injuries. Fauchet, the French
minister at Philadelphia, in 1794 wrote:
"If any of your merchants have suffered any
injury by the conduct of our privateers (a thing
which would be contrary to the intention and express
order of the republic) they may with confidence
address themselves to the French Government -,<no
will never refuse justice to those who-o claims are
legal."
Again, in the sai&a year, Mr. Buchot, the
French commissioner of foreign relations,
addressed Mr. Morris, our minister at Paris,
as follows:
"The sentiments of the convention and of the
Government toward your fellow-citizens are too well
known to you to leave a doubt of their disposition
to make good the losses which circumstances, in-
separable from a great revolution, may have caused
some American navigators to experience."
Genet, the French minister at Philadelphia,
was virtually dismissed by President Washing-
ton on account of conduct and language in-
consistent with the principles and policy of
the proclamation ; John Jay was sent to Lon-
don to negotiate a new treaty with England—all
of which was calculated to irritate France. In
1795 Mr. Jav signed the celebrated treaty which
was ratified by our Government in October
of that year, after which the French Govern-
ment refused to receive Charles Cotesworth
Pinckney, a minister sent to relieve Mr. Mon-
roe, and they declared that "the French re-
public would treat neutral vessels, either as to
confiscation, searches, or capture, in the same
manner as they should suffer the English to
treat them." They issued another edict in
1797 enlarging the list of contraband, mid
declared all American vessels lawful priz<  if'
found without a rdle d'Equipage, or circum-
stantial list of the crew. Jay's treaty pro
duced intense excitement in our country, and
equal exasperation in France. It was charged
to be in direct conflict with our treaty obliga-
tions with that country and as hostile to our
former friend and ally. Nothing but the popu-
larity of General Washington and the utmost
confidence in his purity of purpose and integ-
rity could have sustained his administration.
That treaty certainly was in opposition to the
treaty with France, and prohibited the United
States from executing her guarantee to the
French Government of her remaining West
India possessions ; it was contrary to the fourth
article of the treaty with that nation, and to
the whole spirit and intention of the two Gov
ernments when they solemnly concluded their
treaty stipulations. The fourth article of the
treaty with France reads as follows:
"The contracting parties agree that in case either
of them should form any particular enterprise in
which the concurrence of the other may be desired,
the party whose concurrence is desired shall readily
and with good faith join to act in concert for that
purpose as far as circumstances and its own particu-
lar situation will permit; and in that ca^e they shall
regulate by a particular convention the quantity
and kind of succor to be furnished and the time and
manner of its being brought into action, as well as
the advantages which are to be its compensation."
The first article of Jay's treaty reads:
"There shall be a firm, inviolable, and universal
peace, and a true and sincere friendship between his
Britannic Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the
United States of America; and between their re-
spective countries, territories, cities, towns, and
people of every degree, without exception of persons
or places."
The twenty-fifth article provided that "it
! should be lawful for the ships of war and pri-
vateers belonging to the said parties, respect-
j ively, to carry whithersoever they please the
shipsand goods taken from their enemies, with-
out being obliged to pay any fee to the officers
of the admiralty, or to any judges whatever;
nor shall the said prizes, when they arrive at
and enter the ports of the said parties, be de-
tained or seized; neither shall the searchers
or other officers of those places visit such
prizes," &e. This article is in direct conflict
with the twenty-second article of the treaty
with France; indeed it cannot be denied but
that Jay's treaty is in contravention of that with
France, and must find its defense, if it can be
vindicated, in the sufferings of our commerce
and the wrongs done to our seamen and ship-
ping interests in the wars between France and
other nations. That France should naturally
retaliate, and charge us with punic faith,
was not unanticipated. The spoliation scon tin-
ning, the United States, by an act of Con-
gress in 1798, revoked, as tar as such an act
could do, the treaties between them and France.
It was contended that a treaty, being a con-
tract between two sovereign Powers, could not
be revoked by one, and that it required the
concurrence of the other party. France did not
consent to the revocation, but held the United
States bound to fulfill her stipulations, as she
had performed hers at great sacrifice of men
and money and at the risk of war with a pow-
erful nation. War declared or recognized by
two Powers will suspend a treaty, but no re-
nunciation by one, without belligerency, will do
it. Congress also, in tho same year, suspended
commercial relations with France. Another act
declared that armed vessels of France had
committed depredations on the commerce of
the United States, and had recently captured
the vessels and property of citizens thereof, on
and near the coast; and then proceeded to
authorize the seizure of any such armed vessels.
Another act of 1798 authorized our merchant
vessels "to subdue and capture any French
