2134
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March
An act (H. R. No. 3513) for the relief of
Dr. W. J. C. Duhamel; \
An act (H. R. No. 3569) for the reliefiof
Miles Greenwood;
An act (H. R. No. 3614) for the relief of
Mrs. Mary A. P. Brown, widow of John P.
Brown, late secretary to the United State®
legation at the Ottoman Porte;
An act (H. R. No. 3615) donating con-
demned cannon and cannon balls to the
Wyoming County Soldiers' Monumental Asso-
ciation ;
An act (H. R. No. 3687) to extend the time
for filing claims for additional bounty under
the act of July 28. 1866 ;
An act (H. R. No. 3725) for the relief of
the heirs and legal representatives of Leonidas
Haskell, deceased;
An act (H. R. No. 3857) for the relief of
J. George Harris;
An act (H. R. No. 3861) for the relief of
Thomas E. Tutt & Co.;
An act (H. R. No. 3946) to authorize the
Secretary of the Navy to convey to the city
of Chelsea, Massachusetts, certain land for
the use of a street;
An act (H. R. No. 4014) for the relief of
Margaret Merklein;
An act (H. R. No. 4051) making appropri-
ations to supply deficiencies in the appropri-
ations for the service of the Government for
the fiscal year ending June 30, 1873, and for
other purposes; and
An act (fl. R. No. 4058) to restore a part of
the Round Valley Indian reservation in Califor-
nia to the public lands, and for other purposes.
reuben goodrich.
Mr. POSTER, of Ohio. I move to suspend
the rules and pass a bill which I am unani-
mously instructed by the Committee of Claims
■to report—the bill (S. No. 990) for the relief
of Reuben Goodrich.
The bill was read. It authorizes and directs
the Secretary of the Treasury to pay to Reu-
ben Goodrich $1,377 71, that being the sum
paid by him to Morgan Bates as register of
the land office at Traverse Bay, Michigan, for
salary and commissions for services performed
by him from December 1, 1866, to May 15,
1867, and disallowed in the account of Good-
rich by the Secretary, as per his letter of March
3, 18G8, to the Commissioner of the General
Land Office.
Mr. HOLMAN. This bill does not explain
itself. I would like to hear some explanation.
Mr. FOSTER, of Ohio. It is reported from
the Committee of Claims, who have fully con-
sidered it.
Ihere being no objection, the rules were
suspended, and the bill was passed.
notification to the president
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Simpson,
one of its clerks, announced that the Senate
had passed a resolution for the appointment
of two Senators to join such committee as
might be appointed by theHouse, to wait upon
the President and inform him that unless he
has some other communication to make the
two^ Houses of Congress have finished the
business before them and are ready to adjourn,
and had appointed Mr. Cockling and Mr.
Tkumbcll the committee on the part of the
Senate.
Mr. DAWES submitted the following reso-
lution ; which was read, considered, and
agreed to :
Resolved, That there be appointed a committee of
rrfu ™em':wrs 'he Houso to join su<Jh committee
oi the benatc as they may appoint, to wait on the
President oi the United States, and inform him that,
it he hasno farther communication to make, the two
iiouises aro ready to adjourn.
d. b. allisn and company.
Mr. FRYE. I move to suspend the rules
t(?. e", . e me t0 report from the Committee
of Claims, and the House to pass a bill (S.
No. 349) to provide for the payment of D. B.
Allen & Co., for services in carrying the United
States mails.
The bill was read. It.appropriates $21,543
for the payment of D. B. Allen & Co. for
carrying the United States mails between New
York and San Francisco in 1864 and 1865,
during the suspension of the overland mail
service on the overland route, and the same is
to be in full payment for said service.
Mr. HOLMAN. Has this bill been examined
by any committee ?
Mr. FRYE. Yes, sir ; it is reported from
the Committee of Claims.
Mr. HOLMAN. Then I do not object to it.
Mr. SHANKS. I cannot see why one com
mittee has any more credit in this House than
another. A man who will stand here and sus
tain the business of his own committee, ought
to be willing to give some trust to other com-
mittees.
Mr. HOLMAN. Does the gentleman object
to the bill?
Mr. SHANKS. No, sir. I have too much
respect for the Committee of Claims.
Mr. DAWES. I do not know the merits of
this case; but we have had some sad experi-
ence in the passage of bills during the last hour
of a session. This case may be entirely meri-
torious ; and I do not intimate anything against
it; but I would like to hear further about it
before we act upon it favorably.
The question being taken on the motion to
suspend the rules and pass the bill, it was not
agreed to ; there being—ayes thirty-eight, noes
not counted.
committee to wait on the president.
The SPEAKER appointed the following as
the committee to wait on the President, Mr.
Dawes of Massachusetts, Mr. Hill of New
Jersey, and Mr. Arthur of Kentucky,
leave to print.
Mr. STEVENSON, by unanimous consent,
was granted leave to print in the Globe some
remarks on the bill to appoint a commission
to consider the question of irrigation of the
San Joaquin and other valleys in the State of
California, and also some remarks on the bill
for the encouragement of mechanical industry.
[See Appendix.]
order of business.
Mr. SARGENT. I offer the following res-
olution :
Resolved, That the House of Representatives will
transact no further business, except to receive mes-
sages from the Executive, from the Senate confer-
ence eommitteo reports, and enrolled bills.
abraham fisher.
Mr. CHIPMAN. I ask unanimous consent
to call up and pass a bill (S. No. 772) for the
relief of the children of Abraham Fisher.
Mr MOREY. The gentleman from Cali-
fornia must either withdraw his resolution or
stick to it.
_ Mr. SAKGENT. I insist on my resolu-
tion.
The resolution was adopted.
postal telegraph bill,
Mr. CARROLL, by unanimous consent, was
granted leave to print in the Globe some
remarks on the postal telegraph line. [See
Appendix.]
mrs. c. h. miller.
On motion of Mr. CROCKER, by unani-
mous consent, leave was granted for the with-
drawal from the files of the House of the papers
in the case of Mrs. C. H. Milller.
william hayes'.
On motion of Mr. STEVENSON, by unani-
mous consent, leave was granted for the with-
drawal from the files of the House of the
papers in the case of William Hayes.
general hamilton and general webb,
On motion of Mr. STOUGHTON, by unani-
mous consent, leave was granted for the with-
drawal from the files of the House of the papers
in the cases of General Hamilton and General
Webb.
personal explanation.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Mr. Speaker, I
rise to a personal explanation. During the
late investigation by the committee of which
the gentleman from Vermont [Mr. Poland]
was the chairman I pursued what seemed to
be the plain path of duty, to keep silence ex-
cept when I was called upon to testify before
the committee. When testimony was given
which appeared to be in conflict with mine I
waited expecting to be called again if anything
was needed from me in reference to these dis-
crepancies. I was not recalled ; and when
the committee submitted their report to the
House, a considerable portion of the testimony
relating to me had not been printed.
In the discussion that followed here I was
prepared to submit some additional facts and
■considerations in case my own conduct came
up for consideration in the House'; but the
whole subject was concluded without any
direct reference to myself, and since then the
whole time of the House has been occupied
with the public business. I now desire to make
a single remark on this subject in the hearing
of the House. Though the committee acquit
me of all charges of corruption in action or
intent, yet there is in the report a summing up
of the facts in relation to me which I respect-
fully protest is not warranted by the testi-
mony. I say this with the utmost respect for
the committee, and without intending any
reflection upon them.
I cannot now enter upon the discussion ;
but I propose, before long, to make a state-
ment to the public, setting forth more fully
the grounds of my dissent from the summing
up to which 1 have referred. I will only say
now that the testimony which I gave before
the committee is a statement of the facts in
the ease as I have understood them from the
beginning. More than three years ago, on at
least two occasions, I stated the case to two
personal friends substantially as I stated ft
before the committee, and I here add that
nothing in my conduct or conversation has at
any time been in conflict with my testimony.
For the present I desire only to place on rccord
this declaration and notice.
Mr. POLAND. I desire to say a word in
reference to what has been said by the gentle-
man from Ohio merely to show that the course
that was taken by the committee was one that
we deemed to be entirely fair and just. The
committee at the outset examined Mr. Mc-
Comb, from whose testimony these charges
originally got before the public; and then we
examined Mr. Ames. Thereupon the com-
mittee issued a notification to every member
of the House whose name was at all connected
with this matter to come before the committee.
They all came and gave their testimony, auij
made such explanations as they chose, and
among them was the gentleman from Ohio.
After that we proceeded to take such testi-
mony as we could find. Our sessions were
open and public to everybody. The testimony
that we took was published daily in the news-
papers ; and we did not limit our duty to givin"
any further notice to any of the gentlemen
whose names were connected with the pro-
ceedings. And if any testimony that lias been
beneficial to them was not allowed before the
committee, the committee do not thiuk that it
was their fault. If our report does injustice
to the gentleman _ from Ohio, or to anybody
whose name is in it, we are very sorry for it ■
but we think it cannot be laid to the door of
the committee.
enrolled bills signed.
n^rJ fr°m the Committee on En-
rolled Luis, reported that the committee had ex-
amined and found duly enrolled bills of the fol-
lowing titles; when the Speaker signed the same:
An act (H. R. No. 4061) to provide Cor the
preparation and presentation to Congas of
the revision of the laws of the United Stales •
An act (H. R. No. 2803) for the relief of'
Samuel S. Potter;
