1873,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1175
lection. This treaty of 1794 therefore pro-
vides :
"It is agreed that in all such cases, wherefall com-
pensation for such losses and damages cannot, for
whatever reason, be actually obtained, had, and
received by the said creditors in the ordinary course
of justice, the United States will make tall and com-
plete compensation for the same to the said cred-
itors."
The Senate will observe when we come to
this treaty the difference, as I have said, be-
tween all the treaties to which I shall ask your
attention and this one. Where compensation
is to be made to the citizen because he is sup-
posed fco have a right, the treaty in every in-
stance says so, and requires the Government to
make that compensation to the citizen ; but
when you come to this treaty you will see that it
is otherwise. I am only citing this to show you
that the wise and trained men who made this
treaty, having this knowledge before their eyes,
and adopting language which was entirely dif-
ferent, must be supposed to have changed this
method of arrangement, in order that it might
be seen that the United States claim against
her Majesty's Government was not a claim of
its citizens for a wrong, but it was the claim
of the nation for a wrong; and for the obvious
reason that if we had presented the claim of
citizens as for a wrong we should have failed
in every instance on the very ground of remote-
ness, as I have stated, upon which we ourselves
failed in respect to certain other claims that
were presented.
The next treaty was with France in 1803,
(vol. 8 Statutes-at-Large, p. 208.) In this
instance, as all students of history know, the
claims of American citizens against France
were based upon certain reprisals that had
been made, not against the United States en-
tirely, but in respect to the difficulties existing
between France and other nations, where the
ships of other nations had been seized carry-
ing the goods of American citizens, sometimes
the ships of neutral nations violating embar-
goes. When we made a treaty with France for
the disposition of those claims we provided in
distinct terms, not for a debt due to the United
States, not for a claim of the United States,
but, in the language of the treaty :
" The debts due by France to citizens of the United
States, contracted "—
That is a French word in the original, not
as we understand it to be, a matter of bargaiu
and trade between France and our citizens,
but, according to the French idioms, being
obligations of indemnity of whatever nature
they may be—
"before the eighth Vendemiaire, ninth year of
the French republic (30th September. 1800) shall be
paid according to the following regulations, with
interest at six per cent, to commence irom the
periods when the accounts and vouchers were pre-
sented to the French Government.
"The debts provided for by the preceding article
are those whose result is comprised in the conject-
ural note annexed to the present convention, and
which, with the interest, cannot exceed the sum ot
twenty million francs. The claims comprised in the
paid note, which fall within the exceptions ot the
following articles, shall not be admitted to the ben-
efit of this provision."
Then, when you turn to the conjectural note,
which I will not take time now to refer to,
you find that it is claims for wrongful acts in
almost every instance, for torts committed by
the cruisers of the so-called French republic
against the commerce of the United States,
and usually committed under the ostensible
claim that we were violating some regulation
of neutrality, or were giving aid to some
belligerent with whom the French republic was
at war. Then, when you come to the sixth
article it is provided how those claims shall
be ascertained and paid:
"The United States shall name three persons, who
shall act from the present and provisionally^ ana
who shall have fall power to examine
* * "all the accounts ot the dilfeient clann-
already liquidated;" * " , "Af,;1,.
they are not in one of its exceptions andI o:n then
certificate, declaring that the debt is due to -yIKr.
lean citizen, or his representative, t,rA„r
* * "the debtor shall be entitled to an older
on the Treasury of the United Stages in the man-
lier prescribed by tho third article.
Here you find that there is a distinct provision
made to pay the citizen a particular sum which
shall be found to be due to him in respect to
the wrong that the Government of the French
republic had committed upon him. Then,
when you come, in the next place, to a treaty
between the United States and his Highness,
Omar Bashaw, dey of Algiers, concluded the
6th of July, 1815, (vol. 8, p. 214,) we find this:
"A just and full compensation shall be made by
the dey of Algiers to such citizens of the United
States as have been captured and detained by Alger-
ine cruisers, or who have been forced to abandon
their property in Algiers, in violation of the twenty-
second article of the treaty of peace and amity con-
cluded between the United States and the dey of
Algiers on the 5th of September, 1795."
Here again you find a specific provision that
compensation shall be made to the citizen, not
to the Government.
We come then to the next case in the history
of treaties of this character, which was the
treaty with Spain in 1819, (vol. 8, p. 200.)
The second article of the treaty with Spain
provided:
"The United States, exonerating Spain from all
demands in future on account of the claims of their
citizens to which the renunciations herein contained
extend"—
which are contained in the treaty before—
" and considering them entirely canceled, undertake
to make satisfaction for the same to an amount not
exceeding $5,000,000."
Here you perceive that whenever the citizen
is to be provided for there is an express pro-
vision in the treaty that satisfaction shall be
made to him as such. And then it proceeds:
" The payment of such claims as may be admitted
and adj usted by the said commissioners, or the major
partot them, to an amount not exceeding $5,000,000,
shall be made by tho United States, either immedi-
ately, at their Treasury, or by tho creation of stock
bearing an interest of six per cent, per annum,"&<s.
The next treaty is that with Great Britain
herself, in July, 1822, (vol. 8, p. 282.) Under
the treaty of Ghent, which concluded the war
of 1814, it was provided that the rights of citi-
zens and subjects of either party should be
respected, and that private property should
not be carried away by the evacuating armies
of either side, and so on—a variety of pro-
visions. A dispute arose as to the conduct of
Great Britain in executing that part of the
treaty of peace of 1815. That dispute was
referred, as this dispute with Great Britain
was, to arbitration. The arbitrator was his
Majesty, the emperor of all the Russias, and
he determined that the meaning of the treaty
of Ghent entitled the citizens of the United
States to compensation for slaves that had
escaped from plantations to the British army,
and had been carried away by that army to
her Majesty's possessions, and so set at liberty.
And so the treaty now before me, after the
matter had been submitted to the arbitration
of his Majesty, the emperor of all the Russias,
was made in order that the proper indemnifi-
cation to the United States for the loss of those
slaves ; and instead of providing, as this treaty
does, that indemnification should be made to
the nation, it provided that indemnification
should be made to the individual, and in the
following language:
"ThattheUnited Stated of Americaarcentitled to
claim from Great Britain a just indemnitcation for
all private property which ibe British forces may
have carried away; and as the question relates to
slaves more especially, for all the slaves that the
British forces may have earned awayjroin places
and Territories," &c. *" * ' ,.
" Now, for tbe purpose of carrying into eiiect this
award of his Imperial Majesty, as arbitrator, his
good offices have been further invoked to assist in
framing such convention or articles of agreement
between the United States of America and his
Britannic Majesty as shall provide the mode of ascer-
taining and determining the value ot slaves ana ot
other private property which may have been car-
ried away in contravention of the treaty of Ghent,
and for which indemnification is to be made to the
citizens of the United States in virtue of his Im-
perial Majesty's said award.
That is so plainly stated in the treaty that I
need not observe upon it at all, for the Senate
will see that the treaty carefully provides that
the indemnification is to be made to citizens
of the United States.
The next instance is the treaty with his
Majesty, the king of Denmark, of 1830, (vol.
8, page 402,) wherein it is stated:
" The United States of America and his Majesty,
the king of Denmark, being equally desirous of
terminating the discussions which have taken placo
between them in respect to the claims and preten- *
sions formed by the citizens of the United States
and tho subjects of Denmark, having for their
object the seizure, condemnation, or confiscation
of their vessels, cargoes, or property," &cM * *
* * " have agreed upon and concluded the fol-
lowing articles."
Then the first article provides that—
" Ilis Majesty, the kingof Denmark, renounces the
indemnities which might be claimed from the Gov-
ernment of the United States of America tor the
subjects of Denmark on account of the seizure, de-
tention, and condemnation or confiscation of their
vessels, cargoes, or property whatsoever under the
authority of the said Government; and his Majesty
engages, moreover, to pay to the said Government
the sum of six hundred and fifty thousand Spanish
milled dollars, on account of the citizens of the
United States, who have preferred claims relating
to the seizure, detention, condemnation, or confis-
cation of their vessels, cargoes, or property what-
soever, by the public and private armed ships, or by
the tribunals of Denmark, or in the States subject
to the Danish scepter/'
The next case is another treaty with France
of the 4th of July, 1831, (vol. 8, page 430,) in
which it is provided that—
"TheFrench Government, in order to liberate
itself completely from all the reclamations preferred
against it by citizens of the United States, for unlaw-
ful seizures, captures, sequestrations, confiscations,
or destructions of their Vessels, cargoes, or other
property, engages to pay a sum of twenty-five mil-
lion francs to the Government of the United States,
who shall distribute it among those entitled, in
the manner and according to tbe rules which it
shall determine."
The next is a treaty with the Two Sicilies of
October 14, 1882, (vol. 8, p. 442,) by which—
"TheGovernmentof the United States of America
and his Majesty, the king of the kingdom of the
Two Sicilies, desiring to terminate the reclamations
advanced by said Government against his said Ma-
jesty in order thnt the merchants of the United
States maybe indemnified for the losses inflicted
upon them by Murat, by the depredations, seizures,
confiscations, and destruction of their vessels and
cargoes during the years 1809.1810, 1811, and 1812."
It will be remembered, of course, by all
Senators that Murat was one of the Napoleonic
kings of Sicily set up by that extraordinary
hero and adventurer when he came to be the
emperor of France, and this was really ancil-
lary and incidental to the French depredations
that were committed by the empire proper of
which Sicily was really nothing more than a
branch or an off-shoot. Bat here you will
see that the treaty provides carefully, when it
undertakes to act for the citizen, that it is the
citizen whose rights have been infringed
unlawfully, because there was no state of war
between Murat, the king of the Two Sicilies,
and the United States, and to provide indem-
nity for the unlawful and illegal seizures and
confiscations of property of the American citi-
zen committed m the wars between France
and Sicily, its ally and branch, and the other
nations of Europe; and so it goes on to pro-
vide how these spoliations and reclamations
shall be determined as to quantity, &c., and
how much shall be paid for them, and how
much of it shall be applied to reimburse the
Government for expenses incurred by it in
transporting American seamen from Naples
during the year 1810, "and the residue to be
distributed among the claimants by the said
Government of the United States in such man-
ner and according to such rules as it may
prescribe."
So again we come to the next treaty which
touches this matter of construction, being a
convention forthe settlement of claims between
the United States of America and her Catho-
lic Majesty, the queen of Spain, in 1834, (vol.
8, p. 460,) in which it is provided that—
"Her Majesty, the queen regent and governess,
in the name and in behalf of her Catholic Majesty,
Donna Ysabel II, engages to pay to the United
States, as the balancc on account of the clai.ms
aforesaid, the sum of twelve million rials vejton, m
one or several inscriptions, aspreterred by thefcov-
ernment of the United States, of perpetual n nts, ot
the sroat book of the consolidated debt ot bpain,
bearing an interest of five per ccnt. per annum.
