1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2135
An act (H. R. No. 3949) to provide for the
apportionment of the Territory of Wyom-
ing; and
An act (H. R. No. 3844) to remove disabil-
ities from Robert M. T. Hunter, of Virginia.
revision of the laws.
The SPEAKER. The act (H. R. No. 4061)
just signed by the Speaker provides for the
appointment of a committee of three mem-
bers. The Chair appoints as such committee,
Mr. Butler of Massachusetts, Mr. Poland of
Vermont, and Mr. Leach of North Carolina.
personal explanation.
Mr. ACKER. 1 desire to make an explan-
ation. I send to the Clerk's desk and ask
to have read the passage I have marked in the
Congressional Globe embraciuga report of the
closing proceedings of last session.
The Clerk read as follows :
" Thanks to the Speaker.
" Mr. Niblack took the Chair aa Speaker pro tem-
pore.
" Mr.. Randall. I submit the following resolution.
" The Clerk read as follows:
" Resolved, That the thanks of this House are due,
and are hereby tendered, to James G. Blaine,
Speaker of the House, for the able, prompt, and
impartial manner in which he has discharged the
duties of his office daring the present session.
" The Speaker pro tempore. The resolution has
been unanimously adopted. [Great applause.]
" The Speaker. The hour having arrived fixed by
concurrent resolution of the two Houses for the
adjournment of Congress, in pursuance of that reso-
lution, as Speaker of the House, I now declare the
House of Representatives for the second session of
the Forty-Second Congress adjourned without day;
and I wish you, one and all, gentlemen, a safe and
happy return to your homes and families and
friends. IGreat applause.]"
Mr. ACKER. I desire to make first a word
of explanation. The paragraph announcing
that the resolution was unanimously adopted
is not correct. 1 felt myself constrained to
vote "no," and a number of gentlemen on
this side of the House distinctly heard me so
vote. The gentleman from Kentucky [Mr.
Beck] so informed me, and others whom 1
cannot now name. Perhaps the Speaker pro
tempore did not hear any dissenting vote, and
on that account might have said that the reso-
lution was unanimously adopted.
I will state further why I felt constrained to
vote "no." For two or three days previous
to the close of the session I asked the Speaker
to give me the floor for the purpose of offering
a bill to remove all the political disabilities
which were still existing under the third sec-
tion of the fourteenth article of amendment to
the Constitution. I understood the Speaker to
say that I should have the floor the first day.
I was put off, and on the second day I did not
get the floor. On the third day I went again
lo the Speaker and spoke to him twice about
this matter and at first he thought that I could
get the floor, but I did not get it until toward
the close of the day ; and then I applied to the
Speaker again and to the best of my recollec-
tion he stated that he would not give me the
floor for the purpose of offering an amnesty
bill. I thought that this was an arbitrary
course on the part of the Speaker. I thought
that he ought at least to have let me test the
sense of the House, and if there was not the
necessary two-thirds vote of course th'e bill
would have gone over. I thought, therefore,
that the Speaker did not act impartially toward
me and therefore I cast my vote against the res-
olution of thanks to him. I call upon the
gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Niblack,] who
was in the chair at the time, to make some
explanation of the matter himself. I voted
against that resolution and I do say that the
record ought to be kept straight and true.
This is all the explanation I have to make
about that matter.
I am glad to say that during the present
session I have had all the opportunities to obtain
the floor that 1- desired except to-day, when I
intended again to offer this general amnesty
bill and the Speaker did not feel inclined to
give me the floor, thinking the time too short.
I intended to offer the bill for this reason,
that in the closing hours of the^Forty-Second
Congress no better act could have been passed
by Congress than a bill for the removal of
the political disabilities of all persons still
laboring under them.
Mr. NEGLEY. This is an outrage—an
outrage. The gentleman has no right under
the guise of a personal explanation to lecture
us and to deliver a campaign speech.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman who
occupied the chair at the time referred to has
anything to say, the Chair will hear him.
Mr. NIBLACK, of Indiana. As will be
remembered by those who were present and
paid attention to the proceedings, I occupied
the chair for a few moments during the closing
hours of the last Congress. When the resolu-
tion to which the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania has alluded was offered and was being
considered, there was great confusion in the
Hall and I have no personal recollection as to
whether the resolution was declared unani-
mously adopted or not. My impression and
recollection is that the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Acker] was not satisfied with
the resolution, but I cannot now say whether
he voted against it so as to attract my atten-
tion or whether he afterward told me privately
that the resolution was objectionable to him.
I have a simple recollection that he was not
satisfied with the resolution. I am inclined to
think that as Speaker pro tempore I simply
declared the resolution passed, and that tile
rest of the record is the work of the reporters.
enrolled bills signed.
Mr. BUCKLEY, from the Committee on
Enrolled Bills, reported that they had ex-
amined and found truly enrolled bills of the
following titles ; when the Speaker signed the
same: _ „
An act (S. No. HOG) for the relief of F.
Selina Buchanan ;
Au act (S. No. 1299) to amend an act en-
titled "An act to enable honorably discharged
soldiers and sailors, their widows and orphan
children, to acquire homesteads on the public
lands of the United States," and the amend-
ments thereto;
An act (S. No. 1556) for the relief of Wil-
liam Spence;
An act (S. No. 1575) to establish a board of
local inspectors of steam vessels for the cus-
toms district of Michigan, in the State of
Michigan;
An act (S. No. 1584) to provide for a bijardof
commissioners to report a system of irrigation
for the San Joaquin, Sacramento, and Tulare
valleys of California;
An act (S. No. 1637) for the relief of Louisa
Jenkins, widow of Henry J enkins, deceased ;
and
An act (H. R. No. 3864) for the relief of
the heirs-at-law and next of kin of James B.
Armstrong, deceased.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is able to state
that, what has not often been done, all the bills
that have passed both branches of this Con-
gress have now been enrolled and signed by
the Speaker.
personal explanation.
Mr. NIBLACK, of Indiana. One word
further. While I am glad that the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Acker] has had this
opportunity to make his explanation, I wish
to state that I distinctly remember that during
the last session of Congress he did have an
opportunity to offer his measure for the grant-
ing of a general amnesty.
Mr. CROCKER. I must ask that better
order be preserved by members. If there is
anything to be said by atiy one that in any way
involves the official character of the Speaker
of this House, wc ought all to be able to hear
and understand it.
"JMr. RAINEY. Allow me to say, Mr.
Speaker, that the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Ackek] was treated by the Speaker
about as fairly during the last session as were
the colored members of this House, the Repub-
licans, and the rest of the Democrats.
We had a bill here for the relief of about
four million people from the effects of the
prejudices and the oppression that have for so
long existed against them in this country, and
which have been so continually fostered against
them. Time and time again did we try to
bring that bill before the House for its action,
and the gentleman from Pennsylvania and
many others on his side of the House refused
to allow a vote of the House upon it, although
it represented the true sentiment of the
Republican members of this body.
And now, because a few men who had raised
their traitorous hands against this Government
have not had all their political disabilities re-
moved, he gets up here to-day and undertakes
to censure this House and the Speaker be-
cause he says he was not allowed to have
passed a bill for their general amnesty. Sir,
I say that if there are any people in this coun-
try who have a right to find fault, it is the class
to which I belong, because that gentleman aud
his political friends would not allow the civil
rights bill to be acted upon by this House. I
say we should be geperous to all, not simply
to a few. I am sorry to know that the gentle-
man did not have more magnanimity than
simply to desire to obtain something for the
benefit of the few. I am sorry his heart was
not large enough to embrace the down-trodden
and oppressed people of this country, but that
he rather desired to select the few for his gen-
erosity and allow the rest to go uncared for.
I think the sentiments the gentleman has
uttered here to-day will not be indorsed by
the people of the country. 1 hope the people
will not believe there were any arbitrary
rulings of the Speaker that prevented any
measure from being properly brought before
the House. No man has been refused byCon-
gress the removal of his political disabilities
who has been deserving of it and made appli-
cation for it. Many of them have refused to
have it, have said they would never ask for it.
Yet their friends are continually urging that
their disabilities should be entirely removed.
Yet when a measure is brought forward for the
benefit of the class to which I belong, a class
that have always been ready to stand up for
the country and its rights, and for the rights
of all, who in the past have shown their liber-
ality as they will ever be willing to do in the
future—when their rights are sought to be
enforced, they are denied equal justice, and by
those who ask it for their friends in such liberal
measure.
—Mr. ACKER,
side
Gentlemen on the other
Mr. STORM. Is this discussion proceeding
by unanimous consent?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Acker] claimed ^ that he
had a question of privilege to submit to the
House, and the Chair under the circumstances
did not feel inclined to rule otherwise.
Mr. BANKS. I think it is not a question
of privilege.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks it is not.
Mr. NEGLEY. Then I objeet to any more
of this.
Mr. ACKER. One word more.
Mr. NEGLEY. Not another word, for your
own credit.
The SPEAKER. The Chair requests the
gentleman [Mr. Negley] not to object to his
colleague [Mr. Acker] proceeding.
Mr. McCLELLAND. I object.
Mr. RANDALL. And so do I.
The SPEAKER. Objection being made by
gentlemen on his own side of the House, the
Chair must rule that there is nothing properly
before the House for discussion.
approval 01? bills, etc.
A message from the President was commun-
icated to the House by Mr. Babcock, his
