1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
211
armed vessel from which an assault or other
hostility shall be first made."
The act of July li>, 1798, authorizes an in-
crease of the Army, and speaks of existing
differences between the United States and the
French republic. But by no act of Congress or
of the Government was war declared to exist.
On the contrary, the instructions of our Gov-
ernment to our ministers in Paris in 1799, after
reciting our grievances, declares that "this
conduct of the French republic would well
have justified an immediate declaration of war
on the part of the United States ; but desirous
of maintaining peace, and still willing to leave
open the door of reconciliation with France,
the United States contented themselves with
preparations for defense and measures calcu-
lated to protect their commerce."
John Marshall when Secretary of State in
1800, in his instructions to our minister in
France, said :
" The aggressions of one and sometimes of another
belligerent Power have forced us to contemplate and
to prepare for war as a probable event."
The French plenipotentiaries in August,
1S00, declared in a communication to the
American ministers that " the state of mis-
understanding which had existed for some
time between France and the United States,
by the acts of agents rather than the will
of the respective Governments, has not been
a state of war, at least on the side of France."
In 1798 Talleyrand, minister of foreign
affairs, wrote, "France has a double motive,
as a nation and as a republic, not to expose
to hazard the present existence of the United
States. Therefore it never thought of making
war against them ; and every contrary sup-
position is an insult to common sense;"
and Napoleon, while at St. Helena, in speak-
ing of the convention afterward made with
France for the settlement of these claims,
said that it "annulled the just claims which
America might have made for injuries done
in time of peace." It is thus manifest that
no actual or perfect war had existed with
France. Congress never declared it; the Pres-
ident had no power to make it. Reprisals may
be made without war; they may be causes for
it, and in many cases they are intended to
be in the interest of peace; but the United
States Congress alone is the war-making
power, and it never declared or recognized it.
It follows, therefore, that the claims of Ameri-
can citizens against France were never lost by
war ; but that they existed in all their force
and justice against that Government.
It has been shown that our shippers and
enterprising merchants were induced by our
Government to venture the hazards growing
out of foreign belligerency, with the promise
of protection or redress ; but, independent of
any such promise, a Government is bound to
protect the persons and property of its citizens.
Allegiance and protection are reciprocal obli-
gations, and without the intervention of the
strong arm of the Government all spirit of
enterprise and of commerce would be para-
lyzed. It is that protection which stimulates
the merchant and the mariner to engage in
enterprises of great hazard and responsibility.
The flag which floats from the mast-head is
symbolical of the power and the purpose of
the Government to preserve and vindicate all
that may be found beneath it.
If there is one feature in the English char-
acter that rises higher and snblimer than the
rest, it is the known and fixed purpose, under
all circumstances, to protect and defend every
subject of the British realm wherever found,
however humble or exalted ; that avowed and
uniform intention, invariably executed, is one
of the mystic ties which binds the Briton to
the throne. The military expedition to Abys-
sinia to rescue a few subjects unjustly detained
an a oppressed by King Theodore was one that
wiil add immortal luster to the British name.
We boast of our superior institutions and of
the incense of patriotism which rises from
every heart, but to maintain our ascendancy
we must be just to our citizens and ever ready
to preserve and defend the rights of persons
and of property. Governments move slowly ;
their ends are great; their objects should be
just, as justice never slumbers. Time only ]
increases and strengthens the demand. The
legal maxim is, no time bars the State ; so no
time can obstruct the duty she owes to her
people. Delay to do right but strengthens
the claim upon her to be just.
Our isolation and comparative feebleness
after we had broken the bands which had con-
nected us with the mother country made us
look for help from another quarter. Our
fathers, who were wise men, endued with
sagacity and prudence, sent an agent to sound
the French Court, and finding it favorable,
commissioners were sent by our Government
with full power to negotiate, with instruc-
tions—
"That should the proposals already made be in-
sufficient to produce the proposed declaration of
wir, and the commissioners are convinced that it
cannot be otherwise accomplished, they assure his
most Christian Majesty that such of the British West
India Islands as in the course of the w.ir shall be
reduced by the united force of France and the United
States shall be yielded in absolute property to his
most Christian Majesty; and the United States en-
gage on timely notice to furnish at their expense,
and deliver at some convenient port or ports in the
said United States, provisions for carrying on expe-
ditions against the said islands to the amount of
$2,000,000, and six frigates, mounting not less than
twenty-four guns, each manned and fitted for sea,
and to render any other assistance which may be
in their power, as becomes good allies." j
From these instructions it would seem that j
our Government was desirous of involving
France in a war with her old enemy. This
negotiation resulted in the treaty of 1778. By
that treaty it was stipulated that free ships
should give freedom to goods and persons
contraband of war, soldiers in the service
of an enemy excepted. By our treaty with
Great Britain in 1794 it was agreed that the
property and persons of her enemies might
be taken from our ships. The consequence
was that while the property and subjects of
Great Britain were protected on board of our
vessels from French cruisers, the property and
subjects of France were subjected to capture
by British ships. In our treaty with France
materials suitable for ship-building and for
the equipment of ships were exempt from the
law of contraband, while in the treaty with
England these very articles are made contra-
band of war. This provision of Jay's treaty
was in direct antagonism with our treaty with
France, while the object of England was to
cripple her adversary in her means of com-
merce and defense. These were some of the
allegations of complaint against our country,
and, although loving her, with all her faults,
and the memory of her statesmen and heroes,
yet judging at this distant day from the light
which history has thrown over the events of
that period, I cannot look upon the adminis-
tration of our Government in regard to France
as entirely free from wrong. Our treaty with
that nation had, after we had recovered from
the effects of the Revolution and our commer
cial marine and trade had augmented, made it
inconvenient and inexpedient for us to exe-
cute it during the wars of France with other
nations, and it was equally obvious that if
France had demanded of us and insisted upon
an immediate compliance with our treaty en-
gagements to the letter, we should have been
compelled to enter into war with England or
to have repudiated our obligations to France,
for in 1793 in the instructions to Mr. Monroe,
our minister, he was directed to state that we
were unable to give her aid of men and money,
doubtless alluding to our treaty guarantee;
and in 1797 our Government instructed our
envoys to France, Messrs. Pinckney, Mar-
shall, and Gerry, to stipulate with the French
Government to pay them an annual war sub-
sidy of $200,000 in lieu of the guarantee to
protectand defend her West India possessions.
This was evidently an effort to compromise on
a critical provision of the treaty and to pur-
chase an exemption from engaging in war to
defend the property of France. It shows
also the high estimate which our Government
placed upon that unfortunate provision of the
treaty and the vital importance of purchasing
peace, so essential to our growth as a nation
and to the prosperity and happiness of our
people.
The twelfth article of the treaty of 1778
contains the following provision :
"In order to fix more precisely the sense and
application of the preceding article (the eleventh
article, which contained the guarantee) the contract-
ing parties declare that in case of a rupture between
France and England, the reciprocal guarantee de-
clared in the said article shall haro its full force
and effect the moment such war shall break out."
The whole treaty looks to the obligation to
make common cause with France whenever a
war should ensue between her and Great
Britain. Mr. Madison, in 1795, in a letter to
II. R. Livingston upon Jay's treaty, said:
" It is with pleasure, I assure you, that the senti-
ments and voice of the people in this State, in rela-
tion to the attempt to prostrate us to a foreign and
unfriendly nation, are as decided and as loud as could
be wished. Many even of those who have hitherto
rallied to the most exceptionable party measures,
join in the general indignation against the treaty.
And in another letter of a few days later
date he said:
"In the treaty of Jay every principle of liberality,
every consideration of interest, has been sacrificed
to the arbitrary maxims which govern the policy
of Great Britain. Nay, a new principle has been
created in the face of former complaints of our
executive, as well as against the fundamental rights
of nations and duties of humanity, for the purpose
of aiding the horrible scheme of starving a whole
people out of their liberties. A treaty thus unequal
in its conditions, thus derogatory to our national
rights, thus insidious in some of its objects, and thus
alarming in its operation to the dearest interests of
the United States in their commerce and navigation,
; is, in its present form, unworthy the voluntary ac-
ceptance of an independent people, and is not dic-
tated to them by the circumstances in which Provi-
dence has kindly placed them."
i The coalition against France had adopted
the extraordinary principle, in violation of the
law of nations, that articles of food and sus-
tenance should become contraband of war, and
thus neutral couutries be prevented from fur-
nishing to u starving people the ordinary means
of sustaining life. Great Britain fell into the
abominable measure, and American vessels
carrying provisions to France were captured
and taken into English ports. France natur-
ally retorted, and the American marine loaded
, with similar articles for British ports were
treated in the same manner by French cruisers.
In such cases, in both countries, a limited com-
pensation was to be allowed to the shipper,
but this necessarily diminished the profits of
the voyage and proved disastrous to the Ameri-
can merchant and owner of the ships. The
crops in France had failed and the people
were threatened with famine; the inglorious
attempt was made to starve a nation; the
resentments of France were kindled to a flame,
and, in self-defence and preservation, she
adopted a policy which fell with ruinous effect
upon the commerce of neutrals.
In the year 1799 the American plenipoten-
tiaries were instructed to make demands upon
France for indemnity for spoliations of Ameri-
can commerce, and for seizing American ves-
sels for the want of papers known to French
law as role d' Equipage, and were directed to
make known to France that our Government
refused to renew the guarantee treaty of the
West Indies; this last instruction was predi-
cated upon the assumption that in the year
previous we had annulled the treaty of 1778.
The said envoys were instructed at the open-
ing of the negotiations to inform "the French
ministers that the United States expected
from that country, as an indispensable condi-
tion of a treaty, a stipulation to make to the
citizens of the United States full compensa-
tion for all losses and damages which they had
sustained by reason of irregular or illegal cap-
tures or condemnation of their vessels or
other property. The French plenipotentiaries
