2138
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
by the Senate, to apprise the President that
the two Houses had no further business to
transact, have discharged their duty, and have
been directed by the President to inform the
two Houses that he has no further communi-
cation to make to either branch.
adjournment sine die.
The SPEAKER. Gentlemen, for the forty-
second time since the Federal Government was
organized its great representative body stands
on the eve of dissolution. The final word
which separates us is suspended for a moment
that I may return my sincere thanks for the
kind expressions respecting my official con-
duct, which, without division of party, you
have caused to be entered on your Journal.
At the close of four years' service in this
responsible and often trying position, it is a
source of honorable pride that I have so ad-
ministered my trust as to secure the confidence
and approbation of both sides of the House.
It would not be strange if, in the necessarily
rapid discharge of the daily business, I should
have erred in some of the decisions made on
points unexpectedly arising and often with-
out precedent to guide me. It has been my
good fortune, however, to be always sustained
by the House, and in no single instance to
have had a ruling reversed. I advert to this
gratifying fact, to quote the language of the
most eloquent of my predecessors, "in no
vain spirit of exultation, but as furnishing a
powerful motive for undissembled gratitude."
An-d now, gentlemen, with a hearty God
bless you all, I discharge my only remaining
duty in declaring that the House of Repre-
sentatives for the Forty-Second Congress is
adjourned without day. [Applause.]
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. BOLES: The petition of citizens
of Montgomery county, Arkansas, prayingthat
a post route be established from Mount Ida,
Montgomery county, to Bluffton, Gell county,
Arkansas.
Also, the petition of Thomas Newman, late
postmaster at Harrison, Boone county, Arkan-
sas, asking relief for money stolen from his
office by 110 neglect of his.
By Mr. BUECHARD : The petition of John
M. Adair, C. B. Smith, and others, citizens of
Mount Carroll, praying an increase of Sophia
Beeler's pension.
By Mr. HAWLEY, of Connecticut: The
petitions of the faculty of Washington Univer-
sity, St. Louis, Missouri; of the superintend-
ent^'schools, Ohio; of the Monmouth College,
New Jersey; and of the superintendent of
public instruction of Kansas, concerning the
Japanese indemnity fund.
By Mr. MERR1AM : The memorial of 47
national banks in the city of New York, repre-
senting a loanable capital of their own exceed-
ing $100,000,000, and as correspondents of
nearly all the national banks of the country,
asking Congress to reduce taxes upon national
l)Riiks
By Mr. MANSON: The petition'of Joseph
Tindler, Henry Gland, John S. Fleming,
P. N, Fleming, Griffith Morgan^, and others,
citizens of West Lebanon, Indiana, praying
Congress to make an appropriation to improve
the harbor of Toledo, Ohio.
By Mr. PORTER: The petition of citizens
of Virginia, praying the passage of House bill
No. 1104.
By Mr. E. H. ROBERTS : The petition of
cordage manufacturers, with reference to draw-
backs 011 ships and material used in their
construction.
By Mr. SNAPP : The petition of W. Knick-
erbocker, postmaster, and others, to extend
the money-order system, &c.
By Mr. STEVENSON: The petitions of
Henry Beeny and 140 citizens; of Thomas A.
Devyr and 130 citizens ; and James Kelley and
33 citizens, all praying relief for settlers.
IN SENATE.
Monday, March 3, 1873.
The Senate met at ten o'clock a. tn.
The Secretary proceeded to read the Journal
of yesterday.
Mr. TRUMBULL. With a view of having
time to dispose of formal business, I think we
might dispense with the further reading of the
Journal.
By unanimous consent, the further reading
of the Journal of Saturday's proceedings was
dispensed with.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state that there are sixty-five House bills 011 the
Calendar which were not reached last night.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I was going to ask the
Senate, a thing which I believe I have not
done often during my service here, to pass
two bills on my account. There are a couple
of little House bills, involving, both of them,
a littleless than a thousand dollars, relating to
citizens of Illinois, which I should like to have
put on their passage.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Illinois asks consent to take up two bills.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Subject to objection,
I hope that will be allowed. We know that
the Senator's term expires to-day, and I think
it is a courtesy due to him, if he has anything
special in charge, to act on it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have no special inter-
est in them, except that constituents have
applied for them. I ask the Senate first to
take up House bill No. 4025.
Mr. ANTHONY. While concurring in the
propriety of taking up these bills of the Sena-
tor from Illinois, I wish to give notice now,
without knowing whom I shall hit, that I shall
ask to have the Calendar taken up regularly
when those bills are disposed of.
a. 15. fryrear.
By unanimous consent, the bill (H. R. No.
4025) for the relief of Aaron B. Fryrear, was
considered as in Committee of the Whole.. It
provides for the payment to Aaron B. Fryrear,
of Ashland, Illinois, out of any money in the
Treasury now appropriated or that may here-
after be appropriated for the support of the
Army, the sum of $500 in full payment of all
moneys due him for services rendered in the
secret service of the United States between
the 1st day of November, 1862, and the 1st day
of April, 1863, under orders of Major General
Curtis.
Mr. TRUMBULL. This bill was reported
by the Committee on Military Affairs.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
peter j. burciiell.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The other bill which I
move to take up is House bill No. 2912, which
was reported by the Senator from West Vir-
ginia [Mr. Borema-y] from the Committee on
Claims.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (H. R. No. 2912) for the relief
of Peter J. Burchell. It provides Tor the pay-
ment to Peter J. Burchell, of Kane county,
Illinois, of $318 05 for the occupation of and
damage to his house and premises by United
States recruiting officers in the years 1863 and
1864.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Where was the house?
Mr. TRUMBULL. In Illinois.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
message from tiijs iiohsb.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by"Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the following bills
and joint resolution of the Senate without
amendment.
A bill (S. No. 166) for the relief of David
Braden ;
A bill (S. No. 95) for the relief of Minerva
Lewis, as administratrix of the estate of
Ezekiel Lewis, deceased;
A bill (S. No. 1627) to amend an act en-
titled "An act to provide for the redemption
and sale of lands held by the United States
under the several acts levying taxes, and for
other purposes; and
A joint resolution (S. No. 14) authorizing
the President to invite the international statis-
tical congress to hold its next session in the
United States.
The message also announced that the House
disagreed to the amendments of the Senate to
the bill (H. R. No. 2909) for the relief of Jo-
seph L. Hevwood and others, asked a confer-
ence on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses thereon, and had appointed Mr. H.
Boardman Smith of New York, Mr. Charles
Foster of Ohio, and Mr. John T. Harris
of Virginia, managers at the same on its part.
credentials.
Mr. HITCHCOCK presented t.he creden-
tials of Hon. John J. Ingalls, chosen by the
Legislature of Kansas a Senator from that
State for the term beginning March 4, 1873 ;
which were read and ordered to be filed.
Mr. CRAGIN presented the credentials of
Hon. Bainbridge Wadieigh, chosen by the
Legislature of New Hampshire a Senator from
that State for the terra beginning March 4,
1873; which were read and ordered to be filed.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. RAMSEY presented a resolution of the
Legislature of Minnesota, in favor of allowing
widows whose husbands died in the late snow-
storm which commenced on Tuesday, January
7, 1873, to receive patents for homesteads upon
application by them ; which was referred to
the Committee on Public Lands.
He also presented a memorial of the Legis-
lature of Minnesota, in favor of an appropria-
tion for the construction of a military wagon-
road in the valley of the Red River of the
North; which was referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs.
He also presented a memorial of the Legis-
lature of Minnesota, in favor of the extension
of the time for applications for pensions;
which was referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions.
He also presented a resolution of the Legis-
lature of Minnesota, in favor of the establish-
ment of a post route from the Wisconsin and
St. Peter railroad to Lake Shetek, in that
State; which was referred to the Committee
on Post Offices and Post Roads.
He also presented a resolution of the Legis-
lature of Minnesota, in favor of establishing
post routes in the counties of Lyon and Mur-
ray, in that State; which was referred to the
Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
reports of committees.
Mr. MACHEN, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was recommitted the bill (II.
R. No. 2040) for the relief of Redick McKec,
reported it without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 2808) for
the relief of Robert Brigham, late postmater
at Franklin, Pennsylvania, reported it without
amendment.
Mr. MACHEN. Some three weeks back f
reported the petition of L. 1). Evans, praying
remuneration for iosses sustained by him while
holding the position of collector oi the fourth
district of Texas, adversely from the Commit-
tee on Claims. At ins special request I move
that it be recommitted to that committee.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. RICE, from the Committee on Indian
Affairs, to whom was referred the bill (II. 11.
