1178
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 7,
0'h«r citizens whose vessels were destroyed
upon the high seas by confederate cruisers in
respect of which.the tribunal did not appear
to think her Majesty's Government had been
at fault; bat that is a question perhaps entirely
unnecessary to be argued here.
This, I believe, covers the scope of the prin-
ciple of the bill. As to its machinery, we have
adopted the obvious and simple machinery to
which, I believe, with one exception, there was
no dissent in the Judiciary Committee, of hav-
ing a commission without appeal, of eminent
men, guided by fixed principles that we lay
down, and therefore need not be embarrassed
by complicated questions, to determine it,rather
than, as has been suggested in some other
places, to send it into the various courts of the
United States where the whole fund would be
eaten up in the scattered litigation that would
arise.
Mr. THURMAN obtained the floor.
Mr. NORWOOD. Will the Senator yield
to me for a moment in order that I may ask
that this bill be informally laid aside so that I
may move to take up House bill No. 1325 for
the removal of the disabilities of certain par-
ties? It will take but a moment.
Mr. THURMAN. I cannot yield at this
hour.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Scott.)
The Senator from Ohio is entitled to the floor,
and declines to yield.
Mr. HILL. I beg to make a remark.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor from Ohio has declined to yield.
Mr. HILL. He will allow me to say that
this bill has been delayed all day, and it is now
rather a late hour.
Mr. THURMAN. What bill is it?
Mr. HILL. A disabilities bill in regard to
a few gentlemen in Georgia.
Mr. THURMAN. No; I cannot yield to
that.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Ohio is entitled to the floor, and
declines to yield.
Mr. THURMAN. Mr. President, I move
to strike out of section twelve of the substitute
of the committee, beginning on page 10, all
that follows the word " aforesaid," at the end
of the twelfth line, down to and including the
word "loss," in the twenty-second line. The
matter which I move to strike out is that part
of the bill which prohibits the commission to
be established by the bill from allowing any-
thing to insurance companies unless, upon an
account stated of their war risks, it shall be
found that their losses have exceeded the
amount of the war premiums they received.
Mr. President, nothing but what I consider
to be the demands of justice and, to my appre-
hension, a regard for the national honor, would
induce me to say one word on this subject.
With the general scope of this bill I fully con-
cur. If my amendment prevails, 1 can cheer-
fully vote for it. I prefer it to any other bill
on the subject that I have seen, if this amend-
ment of mine prevails. Indeed, I have no
serious objection to any part of it except to
that which I move to strike out.
This bill proceeds upon the theory of paying
precisely the claims in respect of which the
award was made by the tribunal at Geneva,
except such of those claims as are owned by
insurance companies. It proceeds precisely
upon the theory and principles upon which
that tribunal proceeded in ascertaining the
amount to be paid by Great Britain to the
United States, excepting one singular partic-
ular j that is, it rejects claims in respect of
which that tribunal made up its award, and
says that those persons whose claims entered
into the computation of that tribunal, and in
respect ot which they awarded millions of dol-
lars, shall be utterly rejected and cast aside
and the money given to some other persons,
or to some other purpose, or retained by the
United States.
Now, sir, as I believe that the claims which
this bill proposes to reject are as valid as any
claims that were laid before that tribunal or
will be laid before the board of commissioners
that will be established by this bill, my sense
of justice requires me to oppose the proposed
exclusion of those claims, and what I regard
as the national honor requires the same thing.
With due respect to those who differ with me
in opinion, I cannot consent to get money by
the award of that tribunal of Geneva from
Great Britain upon the ground that A B and
C D and E F, citizens of the United States,
had been injured, and that a sum of money
ought to be awarded to the United States suf-
ficient to indemnify them, and having thus
obtained the money, through the virtue and
the agency of their claims, say that they shall
have not one dollar of it, but that we will ap- |
propriate it to some other purpose.
I listened with the utmost attention to the
very able and ingenious argument of the Sen-
ator from Vermont, [Mr. Edmunds, ] the chair-
man of the committee that reported this bill.
It all rests upon one postulate which, in my
judgment, is utterly unsound. It rests upon a
theory unknown to public law. It, rests upon
a nomenclature that is known only in muni-
cipal criminal law. It rests upon the theory
that the public law recognizes such a thing as
a principal and an accessory ; that in this case
the confederacy was the principal and Great
Britain the accessory—a nomenclature, I re-
peat, wholly unknown to public law, and
known only to municipal criminal law ; and
the principles therefore which the Senator has
applied have no application whatsoever to a
case of public international law. The con-
federacy was a belligent, it is true, but Great
Britain was not an accessory in the sense in
which a private individual is an accessory to
the principal who commits a crime. There is
not one word in the negotiations between the
parties, not one word in the treaty, not one
word in the debates before the Geneva tribunal,
not one word in its award, not one word in
public international law that makes Great
Britain anything in the world in this whole
transaction but a neutral nation that violated
her obligations of neutrality. By this very
treaty itself, she is declared to have been a
neutral nation, and not an accessory to a bel-
ligerent principal.
Why, sir, if you apply the doctrine of princi-
pal and accessory to a case like this, as the
accessory before the fact is equally guilty with
the principal, so Great Britain would have to be
regarded as a belligerent. There is no principal
belligerent and accessory belligerent. Great
Britain was either a belligerent or she was a
neutral, one or the other. This treaty says
that she was a neutral who disregarded the
duties and obligations resting upon her in
that capacity. The argument says the was
not a neutral, but an accessory of a belligerent
principal, which inpubliclaw means a belliger-
ent too. If that be the case, if Great Britain
were a belligerent, and in the language of the
Senator from Vermont no citizen could have
any claim upon her because what she did was
a belligerent act, if she stands in precisely the
same shoes as the confederacy, and quoad
her, as well as quoad the confederacy, every
capture was a lawful capture, in the language
of the Senator from Vermont, then what fol-
lows ? It follows that every contract made
between a citizen of lhe United States and a
subject of her Majesty during the four long
years of the war was a void contract; not one
of them could be enforced in a court of jus-
tice. It follows further that every citizen of
the United States who traded with Great Brit-
ain during that time was guilty of a criminal
offense under oar statute for which he is
liable to conviction and punishment. Why,
sir, that will not do at all.
it will not do to say that Great Britain was
a neutral nation and at peace with us, so that
all the trade and intercourse that could take
place between the citizensof the Unikd Siaics
and the citizens of any other country could
take place between our citizens and the sub-
jects of her Majesty, and then turn around in
the next breath andsaytbat she was accessory
to a belligerent, in other words, a belligerent
herself, and that, therefore, no citizen of the
United States could by any possibility have
any claim upon her. And yet that is the argu-
ment. The argument is that the accessory can
be no more guilty than the principal; that the
confederacy was the principal; and that as
every capture by the confederacy was lawful,
which gave no individual and could give no in-
dividual aprivate claim upon the confederacy,
ergo no such capture could give any private in-
dividual a claim upon Great Britain. And all
that upon the sophism that Great Britain was
accessory to a principal; all by a mere play of
words, by importing into public law a nomen-
clature that is known only to municipal crim-
inal law, and saying that there is such a thing
as a principal belligerent, nation and an ac-
cessory, and that the same law applies to the
one that applies to the other, as if this very
treaty and every claim we have ever made upon
it did not go upon the ground that there was a
belligerent Power, the confederacy, and a
neutral Power, Great Britain, who violated the
duties and responsibilities that belonged to her
as a neutral.
That sophism, as I most respectfully call it—
and I say it without the slightest disrespect at
all, but I can only speak of it as it seems to
me—that sophism is the sole foundation upon
which this bill proposes to take four or five
million dollars, in respect of which the tri-
bunal at Geneva made its award in favor of
the United States, from those who are the
legal owners of the claims in respect of which
the award was made, and divert it to some
other use, or keep it ourselves. Mr. Presi-
dent, I say that will not do. In the first place,
it will not, do, for the reason I have already
stated. But it will not do for another reason.
The argument of my friend, I repeat, is that
no citizen of the United States had any claim
upon Great Britain. He lays it down in the
broadest and most unqualified manner, that no
citizen had any claim on Great Britain what-
soever, any more than he had a claim on the
confederacy. Is that true, in the light not
simply of the public law of which I have
spoken, but in the light of the history of these
claims? Let us see whether it is right or not,
in view of the history of these claims.
Great Britain suffered certain cruisers to be
built in her ports, and to escape from her
ports, to go into the service of the confederacy.
They went into the service of the confederacy.
They made captures. Those captures com-
menced, I tlmik, about the beginning of 1862,
possibly a little earlier. The first capture took
place off the coast of Portugal, and was re-
ported by Mr. Harvey, then our minister to
Portugal, to the Secretary of State. What
did the Secretary of State do ? Forthwith he
sent an authentic statement of that capture, of
the loss of two American ships, the Brilliant
and the Manchester, to our minister at Great
Britain. For what purpose did he send that
statement there? To be laid before the Brit-
ish Government as claims of American citizens
for reparation by that Government, on account
of the want of fidelity to her neutral obliga-
tions that she had shown in sufl'eriug the
Alabama to escape, as she did. From that
time forward to the very sitting of the tribunal
at Geneva the United States continued to
present, and against the remonstrance of the
British Government to present and to file with
that Government these claims as the claims
of citizens of the United States upon the Gov-
ernment of Great Britain ; and among them
were the claims of these very insurance com-
panies.
Let me give you one or two instances, to
