516
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 16,
erty by Great Britain, Spain, France, Den-
mark, Naples. Mexico, and Colombia, I
tind the average to be $14,836 per vessel.
The estimate iti 1799 was $20,000,000; but de-
ducting $7,32;i,019, the amount paid, it leaves
uue S12,07(i,:>80. This sum of 412,000,000
was due our people by France, but was re-
leased to her by us. The interest for seventy
years would make the aggregate very large,
but iu the several bills introduced, and in
some passed by Congress, the gross sum,
without iuterest, is put down at $5,000,000.
The bill now before the Senate is for that
amount.
i have endeavored to show to the Senate
the incalculable importance of the treaty with
France and the vital aid rendered by her to our
feeble and struggling country. Possibly it
might not be exaggeration to say that without
it, and the prestige which it gave to us in the
eyes of the world, we should have failed of our
independence ami have been thrown back into
our colonial condition, with more onerous and
degrading impositions than the tea and the
stamj3 tax. To obtain the assistance of France
our Government granted to that country priv-
ileges of a high and exclusive character, and
bound herselt to the performance of duties
involving war to protect her West India pos-
sessions. Immense concessions and even war
were considered prices not too great for the
purchase of independence. France redeemed
her promises, expended her money, and sac-
rificed the lives of her men and the security
of her ships for us; peace was conquered,
freedom secured, and the United States stood
forth "redeemed, regenerated, and disen-
thralled." She assumed her high position
among the nations of the earth, and became
the asylum for the oppressed, the land of the
free and the home of the brave. Commerce,
agriculture, and the mechanic arts thrived ,
briskly under American industry and enter-
prise. Our late friend and ally became en- ;
gaged in hostilities with foreign Powers; her H
crops failed ; Europe combined to starve and
to destroy her. She, imitating our example,
threw off the yoke of kings and pronounced
'or a republic. As a neutral nation, our com-
merce suffered the usual evils. Our people's
sympathies were with her; but, instead of
assistance, our Government declared by proc-
lamation that we would be neutral. As
France became sore pressed, she issued edicts
to counteract the orders of her enemies. Our
commerce suffered greatly and unjustly. Ne-
gotiations toilowed; a partial indemnity was
=ecured, but against the residue she set up our
national delinquency in suffering her West
Indies to be taken from her, in depriving her
of the use of our ports for her prizes, as was
stipulated in the treaty, and for our non-per-
formance of treaty obligations. A reconcili-
ation was effected; a treaty was made ; France
relinquished her claims under the former treaty,
and we released her from the just demand of ■
our citizens for the spoliation of their com-
merce. Our Government substituted herself
for that of France, and assumed the obligation !
she would have been obliged to discharge. !
From that period to this the claimants have
been unceasing in their calls for remuneration.
Some, perhaps all, have died, but their children
and grandchildren and relatives have not failed
to make their voice heard; there is scarcely a !
city from which the appeal does not come;
they ask for less than half of their legitimate i
demands, with loss of seventy years' interest.
Can the United States afford to be unjust?
Can they longer turn a deaf ear to the claims
of the needy, to the voice of the widow and
the cry of the orphan ? For seventy years
they have waited ; some have endured want
and probably suffering. They have respectfully
and urgently asked their country to be just,
to pay back less than a moiety of what it
owes. Twice the Senate and Representatives
of the people responded to their call; and
now they again invoke their Government, great
and strong in its resources, to do justice and to
wipe away the stain which indifference and
neglect have brought upon onr escutcheon.
Republics have been charged with ingratitude;
let ours be an exception, and let us prove to
the world that no dishonor shall attach to the
name or the history of our country. A good
name is preferable to great riches; and as
our institutions have their origin in and owe
their stability to the people, let us redeem the
apathy and errors of the past by a prompt and
ready response to duty and to honor. "Let
justice be done though the heaVeus fall."
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Car-
penter in the chair.) The bill is before the
Senate as in Committee of the Whole, and
open to amendment.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, and ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill will
now have its third reading.
Mr. CONKLING. I ask to have the bill
reported in full on the third reading.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The third
reading of the bill will be in full.
The Chief Clerk read the bill, as follows:
Be it enacted, dec.. That satisfaction shall be made,
as hereinafter provided, to an amount not exceed-
ing $5,000,000, to such citizens of the United States,
or to theij legal representatives, as had valid claims
to indemnity upon the Freneh Government, arising
out of illegal captures, detentions, seizures, con-
demnations, and confiscations, prior to tha ratifica-
tion of the convention between the United States
and the Trench republic, conoluded on the 30th day
of September, 1800, the ratifications of which were
exchanged on the 3\st day of July following: Pro-
vided, That the provisions of this act shall not ex-
tend to such claims as were embraced in the cohven-
tion between the United States and the French re-
public concluded on the 30th day of April, 1803; nor
to such claims as were allowed and paid, in whole
or in part, under the provisions of the treaty between
the United States and Spain concluded on the 22d
day of February, 1819; nor to such claims as were
allowed, in whole or in part, under the provisions
of the treaty between the United States and France
concluded on the 4th day of July, 1831.
Sec. 2. That for the purpose of carrying into effect
the provisions of this act, the President be, and he
hereby is, authorized to appoint, by and with the
advice and consent of the Senate, three commission-
er? at a salary of $8,000 a year each, for three years,
but no longer; also an attorney to the commission-
ers at a salary of 83,000 a year, and a secretary, well
versed in the French language, at a salary of 82,000
a year.
Sko. 3. That the commissioners be, and they are
hereby, authorized to make all needful rules and
regulations, not contravening the laws of the land
or the provisions of this act, for carrying their com-
mission into complete effect; and to appoint a clerk
at a salary of $1,000 a year, and a messenger at a
salary of 8500 a year: Provided, That the whole
expenses of the commission shall not exceed $50,000,
to be paid out of an appropriation hereafter to be
made.
Sec. 4. That the commissioners shall examine and
determine the validity and amount of all the claims
included within the description above mentioned:
Provided, That they shall be presented within the
space of three years from the time of their first
meeting; that in the coarse of their proceedings
they shall receive all suitable testimony on oath or
I affirmation, and all other proper evidence and docu-
i ments concerning the same; and they shall be gov-
erned m their decisions by the principles of justice,
the law of nations, and former treaties between
the United States and France, to wit, the treaty of
amity and commerce of the 6th of February, 1778,
the treaty of alliance of the same date, and the con-
sular convention of the 14th of November, 1788.
Sec. 5. That it shall be the duty of the said at-
torney to resist all unjust claims, and to protect the
interest of the United States, and of the fund that
may be appropriated to carry this act into execu-
tion; and to this end he shall have power to exam-
ine witnesses, and to cause testimony to be taken,
and shall have access to all testimony before the
commission for the purpose of examining it, and a
right to be heard in all cases.
Sec. 6. That the commissioners shall meet at the
city of Washington on or before the first Monday in
October next, and the Secretary of State is required
forthwith after the passage of this act to give notice
of the meeting in such newspapers in Washington
and elsewhere as he may think proper ; that before
entering upon the duties of their several offices the
commissioners and other officers shall take an oath
or affirmation, to be entered on the record of their
proceedings, for the faithful and diligent perform-
ance of their duties; that the decisions of the com-
missioners shall be in writing, and filed with their
secretary, and the individuals interested therein
shall, on demand, have a copy thereof, and the pro-
mulgation of the decisions shall be in public; and
the commissioners shall not. at any one time after
the 1st day of December next, adjourn for a longer
period than ten days, without the oonsent 'of the
President of the United States, in writing, first had
and obtained.
Sue. 7. That it shall be the duty of the Secretary
of State to procure, as soon as possible after the
passage of this act, through the Amerioan minister
at Paris or otherwise, all such evidence and docu-
ments relating to the claims above mentioned as can
be obtained from abroad; which, together with the
like evidenoe and documents on file in the Depart-
ment of State, or which may be filed in the Depart-
ment, may be used before tho commissioners by tho
olaiinants interested theroin; but the same shall not
be romoved from the files of the commissioners, and
after the commission is closed the record of the pro-
ceedings of the commissioners and the documents
Sroduced before them shall be deposited in tho
apartment of State.
Sec. 8. That during the continuance of the com-
mission all documents and communications having
relation to the claims above mentioned, which shall
be addressed to tho secretary of the commission or
franked by him, shall be free from postage.
Sec. 9. That tho awards on all such claims as may
be admitted and adjusted by the commissioners shall
be paid pro rata to an amount not exceeding $5,000,-
000, whenever Congress shall make an appropriation
therefor; and it shall be the duty of the commis-
sioners to certify to the Secretary of State the amount
of each claim, and the whole aggregate of claims
allowed by them, and on such certificate the Secre-
tary shall ascertain and fix the amount to be paid
upon each award.
Sec. 10. That the sum of $5,000,000, herein speci-
fied, shall be in full discharge of all that class of
claims embraced by this act; and that the amount
payable upon each award, according to theprinoiple
of a pro rata distribution of the foregoing sum,
shall be taken to be liquidated damages; that the
I presentation of any claim to the commissioners
shall be taken to be a release of the United States
[ from all liability forany further amount than shall
! be finally allowed under this act; and that all claims
not presented to the commissioners within the period
! of three years limited by this act shall be forever
barred.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill
having been rsad the third time, the question
is, shall it pass V
Mr. RAMSEY and Mr. SHERMAN ad-
dressed the Chair.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Ohio.
REDUCTION OF INTERNAL REVENUE EXPENSES.
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire to ask the atten-
tion of the Senate to the action of the House
on the revenue bill, and to submit a motiou to
secure the passage of the bill. I ask for the
reading of the message by the Clerk.
Mr. RAMSEY. I was about to move
that the Senate proceed to the consideration
of executive business.
Mr. SHERMAN. This bill will take but a
moment.
Mr. CAMERON. I trust we shall have no
interference with the pending bill. It has been
pending a long while, and if I have any right
in regard to it I want to insist on it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I only want to take up
the revenue bill informally.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I trust the
Senator from Pennsylvania will allow the bill
to be laid aside informally, merely to acton the
revenue bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. I believe I have the floor
on the French spoliation bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Ohio has the floor.
Mr. SHERMAN. Pending that bill, I ask
the Senator from Pennsylvania to yield inform-
ally to allow us to dispose of a bill which will
not interfere with his.
Mr. CAMERON. Very well.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Ohio asks to lay aside the pending
bill informally. The Chair hears no objection.
Mr. SHERMAN. I now ask the Secretary
to report the message from the House of Rep-
resentatives on the revenue bill.
The Secretary read the message of the
House of Representatives communicating its
action on amendments of the Senate to the bill
(H. R. No. 2994) for the reduction of officers
and expenses of the internal revenue, from
which it appeared that the House had agreed
to all the amendments except that numbered
twenty-one.
Mr. SHERMAN. As the only matter of
disagreement between the two Houses is the
