1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
217
amendment providing for twenty-five addi-
tional revenue agents for a year, I have thought
it better, rather than keep this bill hanging
any longer or have a conference between the
two Ileuses, to move that the Senate recede
from that amendment. If there shall be found
any pressing necessity hereafter during this
session for these revenue agents, we can attach
the clause as an amendment to some other bill
to which it may be pertinent. By this course
wt  shall secure the immediate passage of the
bill and expedite matters considerably. A
conference might lead to 3 disagreement be-
tween the two Houses. The Senate having
by a very large vote, almost unanimously, put
on this amendment, 1 would not feel at liberty
to >urrender it if appointed on a committee of
conference; but I think the better way would
be to pass the bill and get it out of the way by
the course which I have suggested.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor from Ohio moves that the Senate recede
from its twenty-first amendment to the bill
tinder consideration.
Mr. ANTHONY. That gives up the twenty-
five additional revenue agents?
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes, sir.
Mr. ANTHONY. 1 do not wish to inter-
pose my opinion against that of the commit-
tee, but really the department consider these
additional agents very important, and I think
a committee of conference would settle the
thing, and report in both Houses to-morrow
morning.
Mr. SHERMAN. On the contrary, the
House of Representatives have by a very de-
cided vote refused to give this force. The
Commissioner of Internal Revenue is anxious
to have the bill passed promptly before the
holidays, and he desires that this course be
pursued, and the members of the Committee
on Finance with whom I have conferred,
which committee proposed this amendment,
have thought this the wisest way. If neces-
sary, we can offer the provision as an amend-
ment to any bill that may come np. I think
myself it would be a saving of money to have
these revenue agents, but the delay in the
passage of the bill would be a greater loss than
nuv that the want of them would occasion.
Mr. ANTHONY. I think it better to recede
from the amendment rather than to lose the
bill; but now it is Monday and we shall not
adjourn until Friday. This committee of
conference can to-morrow either report an
agreement or report that they cannot agree,
and then we may recede.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think we had better
recede at once than send a single point to a
committee of conference.
Mr. ANTHONY. But it is a very import-
ant point.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Ohio moves that the Senate recede
from its twenty-first amendment.
The motion was agreed to.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its clerk, announced '
that the House had passed the following bill
and joint resolution; in which it requested
the concurrence of the Senate :
A bill (H. R. No. 3005) for the extension !
of time to the Winona and St. Peter Railroad
Company for the completion of its road ; and
A jo t resolution (H. R. No. 169) express-
ing the sentiment of Congress in regard to the
removal of the names of battles of the rebel-
lion from the Army Register and regimental
colors.
bsd of beaver lake.
Mr. PRATT. I ask leave to submit a con-
ference report.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chafe-
hears no objection.
Mr. CAMERON. I wa t to know whether
that interferes with the French spoliation bill,
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It only in-
terferes with the bill for the purpose of receiv-
ing the report.
Mr. HAMLIN. To be acted on hereafter.
Mr. CAMERON. Very well.
The Chief Clerk read the report, as follows :
To the Senate and House of Representative*
of the United State* of America :
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on Senate bill No. 616, enti-
tled " An act to release to the State of Indiana the
lands known as the bed of Beaver lake, in Newton
oounty, in said State," report:
That they hare met, and after full and free con-
ference have agreed to report, and do report, to their
respective Houses as follows:
That the House recede from its amendment to the
Said bill of the Senate and agree to the same, with
the following amendment, namely: Insert after the
word "lake," in the second line, these words: "the
same having been drained and reclaimed at the ex-
pense of the State of Indiana and its assignees;"
and the Senate agree to the same.
D. D. PRATT,
S. C. POiMKEOY,
E. CASSE&LY,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
JAMES F. TYNER,
j. p. farns worth,
JAMES H. SLATER,
Managers on the part of the How*.
December 16,187*2.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to hear the
Senator from Indiana tell us how that will leave
the bill stand.
Mr. PRATT. It leaves the bill to stand
just as it passed the Senate with the addition
of the amendment which has just been read.
The conferees on the part of the House were
anxious that the reasons should be assigned
in the bill why the cession was made to The
State of Indiana, so that this case should not
be quoted hereafter as a precedent. They
wished it to appear on the face of the bill that
this cession was made because of the equities
of the State on account of the moneys expended
by her in the drainage of the lake.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to hear the
bill read. It is so long ago since it passed
that I have forgotten what it does provide for.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Secre-
tary will report the bill.
Mr. CAMERON. I cannot consent to have
this matter disposed of now.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator object to the further consideration of
this report ?
Mr. CAMERON. Yes, sir.
Mr. PRATT. I hope my friend will not
object. It will take but a moment to dispose
of it.
Mr, CAMERON. I am afraid it will take
too many moments.
Mr. PRATT. Oh, no; it has been hanging
a long while, and we can dispose of it in five
minutes now.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objection
being made, the question is on the passage
of the French spoliation bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. On that question I have
the floor.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Having read the Beaver
lake, bill, it bow recalls to my mind the state
of the case, and I make no objection to the
report of the conference committee being
agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Vermont withdraws his objection,
and if no further objection be tnade, the Chair
will put the question on agreeing to the report
of the conference committee.
The report was concurred in.
kbpokt ob tbxan border commission.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate a message from the President of the
United States, transmitting a report from the
Secretary of State, accompanied by that of the
commissioners for inquiring into the depreda-
tions on the frontiers of the State of Texas,
appointed pursuant to the joint resolution of
the 7th of May last; whicn was referred to
the Committee on Military Affair^, and ordered
to be printed.
french spoliation claims.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. If the Sen-
ator from Ohio does not desire to go on this
evening, I will move an executive session.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will yield to a motion
to go into executive session, although I desire
to address the Senate only briefly on the
French spoliation bill. I should prefer to do
it to-morrow.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Then I move
that the Senate proceed to the consideration
of executive business.
The motion was agreed to.
executive session.
The Senate thereupon proceeded to the con-
sideration of executive business; and after
seven minutes spent in executive session the
doors were reopened, and (at three o'clock
and fifty-seven minutes p. m.) the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, December 16, 1872.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler, D. D.
The Journal of last Saturday was read and
approved.
order of business.
The 8PEAKER. This being Monday, the
first business in order will be the call of the
States and Territories, beginning with the
State of Maine, for the introduction of bills
and joint resolutions for reference to their
appropriate committees, and not to be brought
baek by motions to reconsider. Under this
call memorials and resolutions of State and
territorial Legislatures are in order. The
morning hour now begins at three minutes
past twelve o'clock.
frederick mack.
Mr. POLAND introduced a bill (H. R. No.
3138) for the relief of Frederick Mack j which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs, and ordered
to be printed.
| distribution of geneva award.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, introduced
a bill (H. R. No. 3139) to provide for the just
and equitable distribution of the award made
to the United States by the commissioners at
Geneva underthe treaty of Washington ; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. PETERS. I suggest that the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary be authorized to report
this bill at any time.
The SPEAKER. That would require unani-
mous consent, which the Chair cannot ask dur-
ing the morning hour of Monday.
southern claims.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, introduced
a bill (H. R. No. 3140) to amend section two,
chapter one hundred and sixteen, of the acts
of 1871; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, and ordered to be printed.
general a. b. dyer.
Mr. DAWES introduced a bill (H. R. No.
3141) for the relief of Brigadier General A.
B. Dyer; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on Appro-
priations, and ordered to be printed.
bounties to connecticut volunteers.
Mr. KELLOGG introduced a bill (H. R.
No. .3142) relating to the payment of boun-
ties to the fifth regiment Connecticut volun-
teers ; which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
light-house on southwest i.edge.
Mr. KELLOGG «lso in.tjrodseed a bill (H.
II. No. 3143) for the erection of a light-house
