1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
amendments which should be made. In line
eight I move to strike out the word "seized
and in line nine, before the word ''military," I
move to insert the word "proper;" and after
the word "rebellion," in line ten-, insert "for
the support of the Army so as make the bill
read:
That out of any money in the Treasury not other-
wise appropriated, the Secretary of the Treasury do
pay to William Spence, of Murfreesborough, Ten-
nessee, the sum of $24,290 80 in full satisfaction for all
grain, horses, cattle, mules, and hoes of the property
of said Spenco, taken and used by the proper mili-
tary authoritiesof the United States during thelate
warofthe rebellion for the supportofthe Army at or
near said Murfreesborough, during the years 1862
and 1863.
The amendments were agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed ; and the amendments were concurred in.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Is there a report in that
case ?
Mr. BOREMAN. Yes, sir; it has been
thoroughly examined. I made the report.
Mr. TRUMBULL. We have a law that
authorizes payment for quartermasters' and
commissaries' stores taken by a proper officer
and used by our Army; and if this is that
case, then there is no occasion for this bill; if
it is not that case, we are extending the law.
It is a very important question.
Mr. BOREMAN. This was property taken
where no receipts were given, and they cannot
allow it at the Department. It is an excep-
tional case. I have examined it. The report
is very long, else I would ask that it be read.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not wish to delay
it or interpose any objection unless this is the
payment of a claim in the late insurrectionary
States which we have uniformly refused to
pay. Will the Senator state what it is? I
will not object to the particular claim if it does
not involve the general principle.
Mr. HOWE. It does involve a general
principle. There is no claim ever passed by
the Senate that does not; but it is not a new
principle. It is a principle that we have reor-
ganized from the beginning of the Govern-
ment, and never have rejected. There is no
new principle about it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Will the Senator from
Wisconsin allow me to inquire of him why it
does not come witbin the law which has been
in existeuce for some time—the law that au-
thorizes the Commissary General and the
Quartermaster General to settle for supplies
taken by a proper officer and used by the
Army?
Mr. HOWE. I am inclined to think that
most of the items would be allowable. I do
not remember now what the items are.
Mr. BOREMAN. The items are only four.
Mr. HOWE. The claim has been here
longer than that law has been out he statute-
book. If I remember aright, this is a claim
which was once reported on when Mr. Willey
of West Virginia was on the committee.
Mr. BOREMAN. Yes, sir; it has been
reported at different times.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senator from
Wisconsin has examined this bill and it does
not go beyond the principles established by the
general law, I shall not interpose any objec-
tion to it. I suppose that it did from the read-
ing of it. I saw no occasion for a special bill
if it came within the principle.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I think I can explain to
the Senator from Illinois this case, as 1 looked
at it last evening, having made the objection
supposing that it fell within the Best principle
and other cases of that kind; but as the Sen-
ator from Tennessee cannot speak for himself,
I thought it especially my duty to see whether
I had gone beyond the principle upon which
I was acting. The case on my examination,
as far it appeared to me, is simply this: regu-
lar Army stores are proved to have been taken
and used and taken for the purpose of being
used to support the Army ; but in the hurry
and confusion of the military operations, as
our armies in front were then retreating, the
vouchers upon which under existing law it was
necessary that the claim should be allowed
were lost and in some instances were not given.
The Secretary of War accordingly ordered his
officers then to make a careful investigation
and report to him what they found had been
taken in the regular way except the giving of
the proper vouchers. They made that report,
and this bill is based on a diminution of even
that. So that it appears to me to fall within
the principle of the existing law, but must fail
in the Department for the want of that kind
of proof which the general law requires.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I withdraw my objec-
tion.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. An-
thony in the chair.) The pending bill is the
bill (H. R. No. 3368) for the relief of E H.
Jarrett.
steamboat inspectors in michigan.
Mr. HOWE. Last evening the Senator from
Michigan (Mr. Ferry) made an effort to get a
Senate bill acted upon in which he felt a deep
interest. It was objected to by several because
it was a Senate bill, by myself among others.
It seems that since that time the House has
cleared off its table, and there seems to be a
reasonable prospect that the bill might pass
the House if it should pass the Senate. The
Senate has just considered a Senate bill, on
a motion of the Senator from West Virginia.
I wish to say that I withdraw any objection I
made, and I think the Senate ought to consider
the bill moved by the Senator from Michigan.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. I ask, then, that
Senate bill No. 1575 be taken up for consid-
eration. It is a purely local measure, as will
be seen, and is recommended by the Secretary
of the Treasury.
Mr. POOL. The bill regularly before us is
a bill that I should have called up long ago
out of its order but that I hoped to reach it on
the Calendar. It is now pending, being the
first bill on the Calendar this morning, and just
at the instant it is reached other business is
interposed.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. I ask the Sen-
ator from North Carolina why he objects to a
bill of this character? If we are to stand
here and receive the objections of different
Senators to measures of interest and merit I
shall reciprocate by objecting myself to every
measure ; and I shall object to the Senator's bill
that he is now pressing on the attention of the
Senate. I take it as unjust to Senators who
have continued to remain here night and day
for the purpose of keeping up a quorum to be
subjected now to objections when they offer a
measure against which there cannot be a pos-
sible objection since it is recommended by
the Secretary of the Treasury aud by the Com-
mittee on Commerce unanimously. Now the
Senator stands here to object because he has a
measure in advance of it, which will be
reached in due time. I shall not object to his
bill if he treats other Senators with proper
courtesy, but if that treatment is not to be
received here I am only to stand up and give
tit for tat.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will suggest to Senators that debate on asking
unanimous consent is not in order. The Chair
will again call for objection to proceeding with
the bill indicated by the Senator from Michi-
gan. Is there objection? The Chair hears
none.
Mr. POOL. I shall not object, but I wish
to say that the Senator from Michigan antag-
onized my bill, and it is because he threatens
to put in a captious objection to mine if I
object to his that I decline to make objection.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. I have not an-
tagonized this bill against any other.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Debate is
not in order on a call for objection. Is there
objection to proceeding at this time to the
consideration of the Senate bill named by the
Senator from Michigan? The Chair hears
none.
The bill- (S. No. 1575) to establish a board
of local inspectors of steam vessels for the
customs district of Michigan was concurred
as in Committee of the Whole. The bill pro-
vides there shall be a local board of inspectors
designated and appointed for the customs dis-
trict of Michigan, in the State of Michigan,
aud that the inspector of hulls and the in-
spector of boilers, composing the board, shall
receive a salary of $900 a year each.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. Now I will ask
that the letter of the Secretary of the Treasury
be read, so that all Senators may see that there
is no possible objection.
Mr. ANTHONY. Nobody does object. Let
us pass the bill.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. Then I do not
press the reading of it. It was only to satisfy
Senators.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
e. h. jarrett.
The PRESIDING OFFICE R. The first bill
on the Calendar is House bill No. 3368.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (H. R. No.
3368) for the relief of E. H. Jarrett. The bill
provides that Eli H. Jarrett, late private com-
pany C third North Carolina mounted infantry
volunteers, shall receive the same fiay and
pension as if he had been mustered in as of
date Seotember 15, 1863.
Mr. 'SAULSBURY. Has that bill been
referred to the Committee on Pensions?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. This bill
was reported by the Committee on Military
Affairs.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
message from the hodse.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed without amend-
ment the bill (S. No. 1109) for the relief of
Edward Berry, John McFall, and William H.
Judd.
The message also announced that the House
insisted on its amendment to the bill (S. No.
1108) for the relief of George R. Wilson,
agreed to the conference asked by the Senate
on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
thereon, and had appointed Mr. Stevenson'
Archer of Maryland, Mr. Henry H. Stark-
weather of Connecticut, and Mr. John M.
Coghlan of California, managers at the same
on its part.
The message also announced that the House
insisted on its amendment to the bill (S. No.
1391) repealing an act entitled "An act for
the relief of certain Indians in the central
superintendency," approved June 10, 1872,
agreed to the conference asked by the Senate
on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
thereon, and had appointed Mr. John P. C.
Shanks of Indiana, Mr. Samuel S. Bordett
of Missouri, and Mr. Thomas Boles of Ark-
ansas, managers at the same on its part.
The message also announced that the House
had disagreed to the amendments of the Sen-
ate to the bill (H. R. 3922) making appro-
priations for the repair, preservation, and
completion of certain public works on rivers
and harbors, and for other purposes, asked
a conference on the disagreeing votes of the
two Houses thereon, and had appointed Mr.
Philetus Sawyer of Wisconsin, Mr. Jons
Lynch of Maine, and Mr. Lionel A. Sheldon
of Louisiana, managers at the same on its part.
rivelt and harbor bill.
The Senate proceeded to consider its amend-
ments to the bill (H. R. No. 3922) making
