18'
"3.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1183
of assessors, the reason is precisely the same;
the old maxim applies: idem ratio idem, jus.
In either case the money is to be paid to the
United States. In either case the money is to
be paid by one Government to the other.
There is not one particle of difference in prin-
ciple between the two cases. The man who
would be entitled to the money if the board of
assessors had allowed his claim and made an
award in respect to it is equally entitled to the
money if we shall provide a tribunal to hear
his claim and adjudicate upon it, instead of the
board of assessors provided in the treaty.
But, sir, to show that this payment of the
"money, not to the individual citizen, but to the
United States, makes no difference, let us look
at another article of this treaty. The Senator
from Vermont seemed to think that there was
something in the fact that the money is paid to
the United States instead of being paid out of
the British treasury directly to the citizen 
Mr. EDMUNDS. Oh, no, I did not say
that.
Mr. THURMAN. I thought so. If the Sen-
ator says be did not, I do not want to answer
that position ; but if anybody el3e thinks there
is anything in that, just let him look at article
twelve in which all the claims of citizens of the
United States upon Great Britain and all the
claims of subjects of Great Britain upon the
United States from 1861 to 1865 inclusive, and
not growing out of the acts of these vessels, are
referred to another board to sit in this city
and that board is to make awards upon both
classes of claims, those in favor of our citizens
and those in favor of British subjects; and
what then is to be done? It does not provide
that the Government of the United States shall
pay the money to the British subjects in whose
favo/ awards may be made, nor that Great
Britain shall pay the money to American citi-
zens in whose favor awards may be made, but
that the one Government shall pay to the other
Government.
Mr. EDMUNDS. And the other shall pay
the citizens.
Mr. THURMAN. But does anybody doubt
that the other Government would be bound to
pay the citizen ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. It provides for that in
substdiiicc
Mr. THURMAN. Let us see how it does.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It provides that there
shall be a deduction of five per cent.
Mr. THURMAN. Yes, the board of as-
sessors. I am talking about a wholly different
thing. I am talking about article twelve.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is what I am talk-
ing about. That is the very article that makes
that provision.
Mr. THURMAN. But the Senator said it
provided that the Government should pay to
the individual. I find no such thing. Article
fifteen, speaking of the commission provided
for by article twelve, declares:
"All sums of money which may he awarded by the
commissioners on account oi any claim shall be paid,
by the one Government to the other, as tho case may
be, within twelve months afterthe date oi the final
award, without interest, and without any deduction
save as specified in article sixteen of this treaty.
That is, five per cent, for the costs.^ Here
are claims that are confessedly the claims of
individuals.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Does the Senator mean
to say that this deduction of five per cent,
provided by article sixteen is to be reserved
by the Government of Great Britain and by
the United States out of the money that they
pay over to (he other?
Mr. THURMAN. I was not talking about
that at all. There is five, per cent, to be de-
ducted somehow or other for expenses; that
is all I know about that. But the Senator
said (hat it was provided in the treaty that this
money, although it was to be paid by one
Government to the other, was to be paid by
tiif; receiving Government to its citizens or
subjects. I say there is no such express pro-
vision in it. it necessarily follows that that
is to be the case, bat it no more necessarily
follows than it does that the money which we
have received by the award of the Geneva
tribunal is to be paid to those who are entitled
to it, the losers.
The whole thing, then, may be summed up,
Mr. President, in a very few words. When
the Senator says that no citizen of the United
States had any claim against Great Britain,
that his property was property captured in war
and was a lawful capture, I say his conclusion
does not follow from his premises. I say that
when he tries to introduce into public inter-
national law the terms principal in a war and
accessory in a war, he uses terms that are un-
known to public international law; he uses
terms that he has borrowed from the municipal
criminal code, and that have no application
here. I say that upon no principle whatsoever
of public national law was this any less a claim
by a citizen of the United States upon Great
Britain before the award, than any claim we
ever had against Spain, or against France, or
against Mexico for like depredations.
Then, sir, further I say that the whole his-
tory of these claims, the whole action of our
Government from first to last, shows that we
have treated them and regarded them as the
claims of citizens of the United States upon
the Government of Great Britain ; and when
he comes to speak of the diversity between
the language of this treaty and the language
of the other treaties to which he has referred,
which recited that they were the claims of citi-
zens of the United States, I say the reason
is because in the articles of those treaties to
which he alluded there was no reference to
anything but individual claims, no reference
to anything but the claims of citizens of the
United States, and therefore it might well be
expressed in that language. But we intended
to submit to the tribunal at Geneva some-
thing more than the claims of individuals, and
therefore, instead of saying1' the claims of citi-
zens of the United States," we said "those
claims generically known as the Alabama
claims," so as to include public as well as
private claims, and that fully accounts for the
difference in the languarge of the treaties from
which he has read and the language of this
treaty.
Then I say, going further, that it is pre-
cisely on the foundation of these claims thus
held by insurance companies, as well as those
held by individuals, that the award of fifteen
and a half million dollars was made, and I do
therefore say that according to my poor sense
of what is just, and according to my poor
sense of what the honor of this Government
requires, we cannot take that money to our-
selves, but we are bound to give it to the men
who under the law of the land at the time the
award was made were legal holders and owners
of those claims in respect to which the award
was made.
That is the way it looks to me ; and although
I admit that the argument of the chairman
was very ingenious, and I know the effect it
has produced upon others and I know my own
fallibility as much as any man can do, yet as
I must act on my own convictions I feel it im-
possible for me to do otherwise than as I have
expressed. I cannot by any special pleading
take away from those people in whom the law
vested this right the indemnity which justly
belongs to tbem.
One word further, however, I ought to say.
This bill goes upon the principle of paying
everybody but the insurance companies. Al-
though the right of an insurance company was
just as good as the right of an individual, this
bill undertakes to exclude them unless they
lost instead of made profit upon their insur-
ance business. I say that to introduce^ such
a principle as that is to destroy the doctrine of
subrogation m favor of insurers altogether.
You might just as well in the case of a fire
insurance company, when the insnrer says " I
am subrogated to tho rights of the owner of
the building that was burned because I have
paid his loss," turn round and say, " But here
exhibit an account of all your insurance busi-
ness, of all your fire policies, and let us see
whether you have made money or lost money ;
if you have made money you shall not be sub-
rogated." -There is not the least difference in
the world between that case and this theory
which is started, that' if insurance companies
have made money they shall not be subrogated,
but if they have not made money they shall be
subrogated; and that is this bill. It would
apply to any other loss just as well. Take any
marine loss; why allow an insurance company
to be subrogated in ease of a marine loss with-
out requiring an account of all its business, to
find whether upon the whole of its business it
has not made money? Such a principle as
that would compel an account to be taken, in
the case of every single loss, of the whole busi-
ness of an insurance company, and would
utterly destroy the doctrine of subrogation.
But, says the Supreme Court, that is not so ;
says the Supreme Court, the abandonment by
the insured and the acceptance of that aban-
donment by the insurer, vests as good a title
in the insnrer as the most accurately and skill-
fully drawn assignment could do ; it abandons
to him all the right of property, if any property
remained, the spes reciiperandi; and insepar-
ably connected with that right to the thing
itself is the right of action against the wrong-
doer who has inflicted injury or destruction
upon it. That is what the courts say. Now it
is proposed that we shall introduce an entirely
new rule, a rule utterly inconsistent with the
doctrine of subrogation, and that in each one
of these cases we are to take an account of the
business of an insurance company, to find
whether it has lost money or whether it has
not. I say once more, if you apply that prin-
ciple, then you ought to abolish at once all
right of subrogation, for there would be just
as much reason to apply it in any other case as
there would be here.
Mr. President, I have, in a very lame way, I
am aware, presented my views on this question.
If I have been understood it is all that I eaa
ask, and I must trust to the research and re-
flection of others to more fully comprehend the
subject. There is much more that I might say,
many more authorities to which I might refer,
many of the proceedings of the Geneva tribu-
nal that would strengthen the argument I have
attempted to make ; butl do not wish to weary
the Senate. Senators can read for themselves.
I once more repeat that the only interest I feel
in this business is that such a conclusion shall be
arrived at by Congress as will be just, as will
be according to the settled law of the laud, and
consistent with the honor of the nation.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN obtained the floor.
adjournment to monday.
Mr. EDMUNDS. There are to my knowl-
edge three or four committees that are obliged
to sit to-morrow. I think the public business
will be more advanced by our adjourning over
to-morrow than by our sitting; and I there-
fore move that when the Senate aajournsto-day
it adjourn to meet on Monday.
Mr. CRAGIN. Would it not be well to
have it understood that we come here to-
morrow, and take up the Calendar under the
Anthony rule?
Mr. EDMONDS. The trouble with that
is the fact that the Judiciary Committee, of
which I am a member, is obliged to sit, on
matters of high public importance, and the
Committee on Privileges and Elections is
obliged to sit; the Committee on Appropiia-
tions has the postal bill, which it ought to
work at. And therefore it appears to me that
we should advance the public service by giving
to-morrow to committee work, rather than
sitting here ; and of course we cannot go on
with the Calendar with very many absent who
have bills in charge.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, {Mr. Scott
