220
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 16,
which was read a first and second time, ordered
to be printed, and referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs.
john cornell.
Mr. MANSON introduced a bill (H. R. No.
31SW1 forthe relief of John Cornell, postmaster
at Transitviile, Indiana; which was read a first
ami second time, ordered to be printed, and
referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads.
washington l. 8andford.
Mr. BURCHARD introduced a bill (H. R.
No. ;!"200) granting a pension to Washington
L. Sandford ; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, ordered to be primed, and with the
accompanying papers referred to the Com-
mittee on Invalid Pensions.
two per cent. fund.
Mr. COBUIiN presented a joint resolution
of the General Assembly of the State of Indiana,
in relation to the two per cent, fund claim of
Ohio, Indiana, aifd Illinois, now pending before
Congress ; which was ordered to be printed,
and referred to the Committtee on the Judi-
ciary.
refunding the public debt.
Mr. FARWELL introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 3201) for the further refunding of the
public debt, and for other purposes ; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee on Banking and Currency, and
ordered to be printed.
horse railway on kock island.
Mr. HAWLEY, of Illinois, introduced a
bill (H. R. No. 3202) to empower the Secre-
tary of War to establish, under certain con-
ditions, a horse railway upon and over the
island of Rock Island and the bridges erected
by the United States connecting the cities of
Davenport and Rock Island therewith ; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee on Railways and Canals, and
ordered to be printed. I
bounty. |
Mr. PARKER, of Missouri, introduced a \
bill (H. R. No. 3203) to amend an act entitled
"An act in relation to bounty," approved
April 22, 1872; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
helena and iron mountain railroad.
Mr. HANKS introduced a bill (H. R. No.
8204) to permit the importation of iron for the
Helena and Iron Mountain railroad free of j
duty ; which was read a first and second time, I
referred to the Committee of Ways and Means, \
and ordered to be printed, j
alvis smith i
Mr. BOLES introduced a bill (H. R, No.
3205) for the relief of Alvis Smith, second
lieutenant company L, second Arkansas cav-
alry ; which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs, !
and ordered to be printed.
. william bow lin.
Mr. BOLES also introduced a bill (H.
11. No. 3206) for the relief of William Bow-
lin, late captain company L, second Arkansas
cavalry; which Was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
title of lands.
Mr. FOSTER, of Michigan, introduced a
bill (H. R. No. 3207) confirming title to the
purchasers of certain lands granted by the act
of Congress of June 3, 18515, to the State of
Michigan; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on the Public
Lands* and ordered to be printed.
brown's aj 1*0logical instituth.
Mr. WALLS introduced a bill (II. R. No.
3208) granting one million acres of the public
lands to the trustees of the Brown's Theo-
logical Institute, in the State of Florida; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee on Education and Labor, and
ordered to be printed.
steamboat-canal in florida.
Mr. WALLS also introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 3209) for the survey of a steamboat-canal
from Fernandina, Florida, on the Atlantic
coast, to the Mississippi river at or near New
Orleans, Louisiana; which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee
on Railways and Canals, and ordered to be
printed.
florida agricultural college.
Mr. WALLS also introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 3210) granting one million acres of the
public lands to the trustees of the agricultural
college iu the State of Florida; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee on Education and Labor, and
ordered to be printed.
apalacuicola river, florida.
Mr. WALLS also introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 3211) for the improvement of the Apala-
chicola river and Moccasin slough of said river,
in the State of Florida ; which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee
on Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
harbor of cedar keys.
Mr. WALLS also introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 3212) making an appropriation for the 1
I improvement of the harbor of Cedar Keys, in
j the State of Florida ; which was read a first
| and second time, referred to the Committee
on Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
pensacola harbor.
Mr. WALLS also introduced a bill (H. R. j
No. 3213) making an appropriation for the !
I improvement of the harbor of Pensacola, in
the State of Florida ; which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee ;
on Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
life-saving stations on florida coast.
Mr. WALLS also introduced a bill (H. R. 1
No. 3214) to provide for the establishment of
life-saving stations on the coast of Florida ;
which was read a first and second time, re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce, and
ordered to be printed.
st. John's river, Florida.
Mr. WALLS also introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 3216) making an appropriation for the
improvement of St. John's river, in the State
of Florida; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on Commerce,
and ordered to be printed.
railroad and telegraph, florida.
Mr. WALLS also introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 3216) to amend an act entitled "An act
granting the right of way through the public
lands for the construction of a railroad and
telegraph line in Florida," approved June 4,
1872 ; which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee on the Public Lands,
and ordered to be printed.
public buildings, jacksonville.
Mr. WALLS also introduced a bill (H. R.
Nq. 3217) for erecting public buildings at
Jacksonville, in the State of Florida, to be
used as custom-house, post office, and other
public offices ; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, referred to the Committee on Pub-
lic Building and Grounds, and ordered to be
printed.
improvement of galveston harbor.
Mr.GIDDINGSintroducedabill(H. R. No.
3218) for continuing the improvements of Gal-
veston harbor, near Galveston, Texas ; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee on Commerce, and ordered to
be printed.
robert coles.
Mr. PALMER introduced a bill (EI. R. No.
3219) for the relief of Robert Coles ; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee on the Public Lands, and
ordered to be printed.
james m'kee.
Mr. COTTON introduced a bill (H. R. No.
3220) granting a pension to James McKee;
which was read a first and second time, re-
ferred to the Committee on Invalid Pensions,
and ordered to be printed.
wisconsin claims.
Mr. ELDREDGE introduced a joint resolu-
tion (H. R. No. 169) construing an act giving
effect to joint resolution entitled "A joint
resolution for the relief of the State of Wis-
consin," approved July 1, 1864; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee of Claims, and ordered to be
printed.
california grazing lands.
Mr. SARGENT introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 3221) relating to grazing lands in the
State of California; which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee
on the Public Lands, and ordered to be
printed.
san diego harbor.
Mr. HOUGHTON introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 3222) providing for the preservation of
the harbor of San Diego ; which was read a
first and second time, referred to the Commit-
tee on Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
administration of justice.
Mr. HOUGHTON also introduced a bill
(H. R. No. 3223) to amend an act entitled
"An act to further the administration of
justice," approved June 1, 1872; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary, and ordered to
be printed.
counterfeit coin.
Mr. HOUGHTON also introduced a bill
(H. R. No. 3224) to punish and prevent the
unlawful making, passing, or selling, or hav-
ing in possession with intent to use or sell, any
false coin or token in the resemblance of any
coin of the United States; which was read a
first and second time, referred to the Commit-
tee on Coinage, Weights, and Measures, and
ordered to be printed.
HARVEY GREEN.
Mr. DU^NELL introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 3225) granting a pension to Harvey Green ;
which was read a first and s&ond time, re-
ferred to the Committee on Invalid Pensions,
and ordered to be printed.
JOSEPH RIGBY.
Mr. LOWE introduced a bill (H. R. No.
3226) for the relief of Joseph Rigby; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs, and ordered
to be printed.
wildey lodge odd fellows, wb3t virginia.
Mr. HEREFORD introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 3227) for the relief of the trustees of the
Wildey Lodge of the Independent Order of
Odd Fellows, Charlestown, Weet Virginia;
which was read a first and second time, re-
ferred to the Committee of Claims, and or-
dered to be printed.
indian treaties.
Mr. TAFFE introduced a bill (H. R. No.
3228) to provide for the revision of the various
Indian treaties; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
indian title to public domain.
Mr. TAFFE also introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 3229) to disencumber the public aomain
of the so called Indian title; which was read
a first and second time.
Mr. TAFFE. I move that the bill be re-
ferred to the Committee on the Public Lands.
