1184
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 7,
in the chair.) The Senator from New Jersey
having the floor, yields to the Senator from
Vermont, who moves that when the Senate
adjourns to-day it adjourn to meet on Monday
next. If there be no objection to the enter-
tainment of that motion, the Chair will put the
question. The Chair hears no objection, and
the question is on that motion.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
Mr. NORWOOD. I ask the Senator to
withdraw the motion for a moment to let me
take up a little disability bill that X have been
trying to get up.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I will withdraw, if there
is no objection, the Geneva award bill hold-
ing its place as the unfinished business.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Vermont withdraws his motion to
adjourn, and the Senator from Georgia asks
consent to take up a bill.
removal 01' disabilities.
Mr. NORWOOD. It is House bill No. 1325.
By unanimous cpnsent, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, resumed the con-
sideration of the bill (H. R. No. 1325) to re-
move the disabilities of certain persons therein
named.
The select Committee on tho Removal of
Political Disabilities reported the bill with an
amendment, wh'ch was in lines five, six, and
seven, to strike out the following names:
David Irwin, Lewis Tumlin, Warren Akeu, James
W. Harris, T. C. Howard, and Lafayette McLaws,
of Georgia.
And to insert m lieu thereof—
Lafayette MeLaws. Alfred Iverson, Nathaniel J.
Crawford, Lucius J. Gartrell, Good Bryan, Benjamin
Y&ncy, and John W. Underwood, of Georgia; Wil-
liam A. Graham, William N. H. Smith, M. G. Bur-
ton, and Samuel A. Ashe, of North Carolina; F. W.
Latham, of Texas; David Clopton, of Alabama; and
Isaac N. Brown, of Mississippi.
Mr. RANSOM. I move an amendment,
to strike out in line ten the name of William
A. Graham, he having been provided for by
a separate bill.
Tho amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. RANSOM. The bill, reads, "M. C.
Burton," when the name passed on by the
committee and approved by the committee
was "Barton Craig." I move to strike out
the name of " M. C. Burton" and put in
" Burton Craig." The gentlemen of the com-
mittee here present know that that was the
name approved and passed by the committee.
There is no such man as M. C. Burton.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
North Carolina to the amendment.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. EDMONDS. Do I understand the
Senator from North Carolina to say that the
amendment now is in accordance with the
unanimous opinion of the committee?
Mr. RANSOM. Yes, sir. "Burton Craig"
is the name that was passed on by the com-
mittee. In making a memoradum on the bill
I put '"ill. C." before the name of Burton
Craig, to indicate that he had been a member
of Congress, and the Clerk inadvertently put
down " M. C. Burton," instead of "Burton
Craig."
Mr. EDMUNDS. I understand that bill
thus amended is reported by the Committee
on Disabilities unanimously.
Mr. NORWOOD. Yes, sir; it was reported
by the chairman of the committee about a
week or ten days ago.
Mr. SPENCER. I think I had an amend-
ment pending to that bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the committee as
amended.
The amendment was agreed to.
Air. SPENCER. My amendment was to
insert the name of John V. Wright, of Ten-
nessee.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Alabama.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FLANAGAN. I move to amend the
bill by inserting the name of Jefferson Davis.
I want to get through with the whole of them
at once, and then-we shall have no further
trouble. [Laughter.]
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Texas,
The question being put, the amendment was
declared to be rejected.
Mr. FLANAGAN. I ask for the yeas and
nays.
Mr. NORWOOD. I hope the Senator will
withdraw that.
Mr. FLANAGAN. No, sir: this is a very
important question. Jefferson Davis is labor-
ing under disabilities, and he ought to be
relieved as well as other gentlemen.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on ordering the yeas and nays upon the
amendment of the Senator from Texas.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended; and the amendments were con-
curred in.
Mr. EDMUNDS. On the third reading of
the bill I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and
being taken, resulted—yeas 27, nays 7 ; as
follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Casserly, Clayton, Cole,
Cooper, Corbett, D =vis, Goldthwaite, Hill,Hitchcock,
llowe, Maehen, Norwood, Pool, Ransom, Rice,
Schurz, Scott, Spencer, Sprague, Stevenson, Stew-
art, Stockton, Thurriiun, Tipton, Vickers, and Win-
do m—27.
- NAYS—Messrs.Buckingham, Chandler,Edmunds,
Flanagan, Erelinghuyben, Gilbert, and Nye-—7.
ABSENT—Messrs. Alcorn, Ames, Anthony, Blair,
Boreman, Brownlow, Caldwell, Cameron. Carpenter,
Conkling, Cragin.Fenton, Ferry of Connecticut.Ferry
of Michigan, Hamilton of Maryland, Hamilton of
Texas, Hamlin. Harlan, Johnston, Kelly, Lewis,
Logon. Monill of Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Mor-
ton, Osborn, Patterson, Pomeroy, Pratt, Ramsey,
Robertson, Saulsbury, Sawyer, Sherman, Sumner,
Tiuinbull, West, Wilson, and Wright—-39.
The PRESIDING OFFICER There is not
a quorum voting.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and (at five
o'clock and twenty minutes p. m.) the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, February 7, 1873.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
executive mansion.
Mr. POTTER. I ask unanimous consent
to submit the following resolution of inquiry,
to which there will be no objection.
The Clerk read as follows:
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Buildings
and Grounds be instructed to inquire whether or
not, the present Executive Mansion is suitable for
the double purpose of executive offices and resi-
dence for the President of the United States, or for
either and which of said purposes; and whether
there is a necessity for providing offices for the Pres-
ident elsewhere, or for the construction of a new
presidential mansion, and to report by bill or
otherwise.
Mr. RANDALL. I object, and call for the
regular order of business.
FISHERIES.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I wish
to make a correction of the Journal. When
the chairman of the Committee on Foreign
Affairs [Mr. Banks] moved to substitute his
order in reference to the fisheries for the order
in reference to the consular and diplomatic
bill, I objected. It does not appear upon the
Journal,
The SPEA.KER. There is nothing done to
change the condition of the fishing question.
It remains just as it was, as a special order,
but not to the exclusion of other orders. The
Chair understood the gentleman's objection.
morning hour.
The SPEAKER. The regular order having
been demanded, the morning hour begins at
ten minutes after twelve o'clock, and reports
are in order from the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
restoration of naval officers.
Mr. PLATT, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, reported a bill (II. R. No. 3847) to
restore Captains Louis C. Sartori, George H.
Cooper, George II. Preble, and Commander
R. F. R. Lewis, of the United States Navy,
to their original positions on the Navy Regis-
ter ; which was read a first and second time.
The bill, which was read, authorizes the
President of the United States to restore Louis
C. Sartori, George H. Preble, and George H.
Cooper, captains in the United States Navy,
now on the active list, and R. F. R. Lewis,
commander in the United States Navy; now
on the active list, to their original positions
on the Navy Register.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it
was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr PLATT moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Symp-
son, one of its clerks, informed the House
that the Senate had agreed to the report of
the committee of conference on the disagree-
ing votes of the two Houses on the bill {H. R.
No. 2934) revising and amending the laws
relative to the mints, assay offices, and coinage
of the United States.
The message also announced that the Sen-
ate had agreed to the report of the committee
of conference on the disagreeing votes of the
two Houses on the bill (H. R No. 3496) to
amend an act entitled "An act to establish a
uniform system of bankruptcy throughout the
United States," approved March 2, 1867.
mrs. f. selina buchanan.
Mr. PLATT, by unanimous consent, re-
ported back a bill (S. No. 1106) for the relief
of Mrs. F. Selina Buchanan, with the recom-
mendation that it do pass.
The bill, which was read, provides that the
sum of $5,276 46, out of any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated, be paid
Mrs. F. Selina Buchanan, widow of the late
McKean Buchanan, paymaster in the Navy,
in full satisfaction of any claim of the estate
of her husband, arising out of damages sus-
tained in consequence of an arbitrary order of
the late Commodore Claxton reducing the
emoluments accruing to said Buchanan during
the cruise of the frigate Constitution m 1839,
1840, and 1841, of which lie was purser, below
the amount to which he was entitled by law
and the tisage and custom of the service.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I wish
to make an inquiry of the gentleman from Vir-
ginia whether this is the same Buchanan who
commanded the rebel ram Merrimae which
sunk the frigates Congress and Cumberland at
Newport News?
Mr. PLATT. It is not. He was a pay-
master in the Navy and never commanded a
vessel. If the House desires any further in-
formation I will present it. I will simply say
the bill passed the Senate unanimously, and
was carefully considered by the Committee on
Naval Affairs of this House.
Mr. KERR. Is itaccompaniedbyarenort?
Mr. PLATT. It is.
Mr. KERR. I ask that the report be read.
