-1186
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 7.
Mr. ARCHER. Will the gentleman yield
to me for five minutes?
Mr. PLATT. Yes.
Mr. ARCHER. The bill now before the
House is for a claim which originated in 1840
or 1841.
Mr. PLAT'T. Then there is all the more
reason why it should be paid now.
Mr. ARCHER. It is a claim which was
adjudicated by the Court of Claims of the
United States.
Mr. PLATT. I will ask the gentleman if
the Court of Claims did not recommend the
claimant to come before Congress and ask
them to remedy the wrong done him ?
Mr. ARCHER. I do not so understand the
decision of the Supreme Court. They said
there could be no remedy unless he came to
Congress, but they said at the same time that
the Government of the United States was not
responsible for the illegal acts of one of its
officers.
Mr. PLATT. Let me call your attention
to the exact language of the Supreme Court,
They say:
"But it is gratifying to reflect that resort to Con-
gress is also open for relief, and with success, un-
doubtedly, should the defendant bo able to satisfy
Congress he was wronged by the commodore, and
that it is just and proper for the Government to
atone for any injury so done to him by another."
Mr. ARCHER. It is always gratifying that
Congress can be refered to in regard to these
claims, but this claim has been adjudicated by
the Supreme Court of the United States, an
amicable suit had been taken there by the
Government in order that Pay master Buchanan
might establish his claim if he could legally
do so.
Now, I am aware that I occupy a position
which is not a pleasant one in opposing the
claim of a lady who comes before Congress
asking an amount of $5,000, but I do so with
less hesitancy because this lady now draws a
pension from the pension fund of the United
States Government. Iam sorry to antagonize
the Committee on Naval Affairs on this bill.
I was not present in the committee when it
was brought up, or I should have opposed it
at that time.
Mr. PLATT. How much pension does she
receive ?
Mr. ARCHER. I do not know what pen-
sion is allowed to officers of the grade which
he had at the time of his death. It is the
pension which is allowed to all officers of his
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Who was the corn
modore, the superior officer of this claimant?
Mr. ARCHER. Commodore Claxton.
Mr. FABNSWORTH. Who was the Secre-
tary of the Navy who confirmed the order of
the commodore ?
- Mr. ARCHER. I cannot now recollect;
it was in 1841.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Those people are
all dead, I presume?
Mr. ARCHER. They are. If the gentle-
man from Virginia [Mr. Pi.att] will yield
to me I will move to recommit this bill, or to
lay it on the table.
Mr. PL ATT. I do not yield to a motion to
lay the bill on the table. I will reserve my
right to yield to a motion to recommit the bill.
I now call for a vote.
The SPEAKER. The first question is upon
seconding the previous question.
Mr. KERR. Pending that question I move
to lay the bill on the table.
Mr. PLATT. I hope the gentleman will
withdraw that motion.
Mr. KERR. I will withdraw it in favor of
a motion to recommit.
The question was taken viva voce on the
motion to lay the bill on the table; but before
the result was declared,
Mr._ PLATT said: I understand the gentle-
man from Indiana [Mr. Kerr] to say that he
will withdraw his motion to lay on ihe table
and permit a motion to recommit to be made!
Mr. KERR. I will do so.
Mr. PLATT. I now move that the bill
be recommitted to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. RANDALL moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was recommitted ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
EXECUTIVE MANSION.
Mr. POTTER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Randall] having withdrawn his
objection, I agaiu ask leave to offer for con-
sideration at the present time the resolution
which I offered a few minutes ago.
Mr. RANDALL. I will hear the resolution
read.
The resolution was read, as follows :
Beeolved, That the Committee on Public Buildings
and Grounds be instructed to inquire whether or
not the present Executive Mansion is suitable for
the double purpose of an executive office and a
residence for the President of the United States, or
for either and which of said purposes; and whether
there is a necessity for providing offices for the Presi-
dent elsewhere, or for the construction of a new
presidential mansion.
Mr. RANDALL. I will not object to that
resolution if the gentleman will strike out that
portion referring to a new presidential man-
sion.
Mr. POTTER. Very well; I will modify
the resolution by omitting at the close the
words "or for the construction of a new presi-
dential mansion."
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Will the gentleman
allow a further modification, directing the com-
mittee to inquire and report to the House
whether the present Executive Mansion has
not answered its purpose very well for the last
fifty years?
Mr. POTTER. I cannot consent to that.
The resolution as modified was then adopted.
richard 1. law.
Mr. VOORHEES, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 3848) to restore
Richard L. Law to his original position on the
Navy Register ; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, ordered to be printed, and referred
to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
WILLIAM WHEELER HUBBELL.
Mr. COGHLAN, from the Committee on
Naval Affairs, reported a bill (H. R. No. 3853)
to settle for the inventions and patents of Wil-
liam Wheeler Hubbell; which was read a first
and second time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill, which was read, directs the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to pay to William Wheeler
Hubbell, or his heirs or legal representatives,
the sum of $133,333 33 out of any general
appropriation for judgments of the Court of
Claims, or for private claims, or moneys to be
hereafter appropriated in full satisfaction of
the balance of his actual loss and damage
ascertained by the Court of Claims for the
past use made by the United States of several
millions of his patent time and impact fuses
for Navy shells and his patent percussion fuses
for rifled cannon, and explosive shells during
the war of tbe rebellion and up to the time of
the adjudication, January 24, 1870, under his
patent dated January 7, 1862, for seventeen
years, and his patent of January 24, 1800, for
fourteen years ; and in full for the full and
entire transfer in writing of his said letters-
patent to the United States, said William
Wheeler Hubbell to include in said transfer
without further compensation his patents dated
September 30, 18(52, for concussion fuses, of
July8,1802, for rifled projectile, and his patent
of October 31,18C5, for incendiary shells, and
to bear all his own expenses incurred in the
trial of reference made June 3, 1864, by Con-
gress to the Court of Claims, and all his 1
and expenses for targets and experiments in
introducing his inventions, and a receipt in
full and final settlement for all his said inven-
tions and all his aforesaid patents.
Mr. KERR. Is this bill accompanied by a
report ?
Mr. COGHLAN. It is, and I ask that it be
read.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. Is not the bill
liable to a point of order on the ground that
it makes an appropriation?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The bill does
not make an appropriation.
The Clerk read the report. It states that
Hubbell claims $133,333 33 as due to him by
the United States as an adjudicated debt for his
inventions and patents. Claim is made for the
patent for the invention of the Navy fuse for
explosive shells with which the entire Navy is
supplied to give explosive effect to the shells
of spherical form, for the large smooth-bored
shell guns, the patent being dated January 7,
1862, for seventeen years. The claim is also for
the patent for the percussion apparatus or fuse
for the elongated rifle shells used in the naval
and military service, to develop the explosive
effect of the shells of rifle cannon, the patent
being dated January 24, 1860, for fourteen
years. Of the Navy fuses, including those for
the smooth spherical shells on the forts, about
one million two hundred and ninety-five thou-
sand have been used by the United States;
and of the percussion apparatus, about eight
hundred and thirty-one thousand five hundred.
The report states further that the petitioner
is a native citizen of Pennsylvania and com-
menced his experiments on these inventions
in 1840. He built floating targets, provided
guns, shells, fuses, ammunition, and men at
his own expense; and although encountering,
he overcame, all difficulties, and brought his
experiments and inventions to perfection in
1846 and 1847, and kept them secret under an
application for a patent, by which means the
United States had the exclusive use of them in
the late war of the rebellion. These experi-
ments were at his own private expense; and
through a period of now thirty-two years, he
testifies that these inventions have directly
and indirectly been made to cost him about
$152,000, and with average interest on his
expenses $216,000.
The claim was referred to the Court of
Claims by a joint resolution of Congress,
approved June 3, 1864, in which special issues
were framed for reference as follows:
" First. Is William Wheeler Hubbell the original
inventor of the shell and fuse, and percussion device
atoresaid, or either of them, and has he a just and
equitable rightto compensation for the same? and—
"Second. What amount of compensation is he
entitled to receive for the use of his inventions and
patents, as claimed, up to the time of adjudication,
and for a full and entire transfer of his patents to
the United States ?"
The court, in answering these questions
framed by Congress as to the two patents oa
which this claim is presented, specifically state:
"2. We further find that Hubbell was the firscand
original inventor of the time and impact fuse, as
claimed by him in his patent of January 7.1863, and
that such fime has been largely and extensively used
by the United States, m violation of his rights as
patentee; and that he is justly and equitably enti-
tled to compensation therefor, under the joint reso-
lution of Congress before cited.
"We further find that Hubbell, the claimant, is
the first and original inventor of the percussion
fuse, as claiincd in his patent of January 24t i860.
It is proved that these fuses have been used, m great
numbers by the United {States, in derogation of
claimant's rights secured by his patents.
"That these inventions have been and are of
great importance to the Government is apparent,
several miikons of these fuses were used during the
war of the rebellion.
" Their importance has been greatly augmented
by the introduction of rifled cannon, and especially
the impact or percussion fuses, by the useoi which,
iu conical shells, their destructivene3s is greatly en-
hanced by securing certain explosion aftercomplete
penetration of, or while imbedded in, the object at
which it is fired.
Ihe f.icl. that Hubbell is the origin nl inventor of
the fuse and pcrcu^ion device, answers the question
ofwhether lie has ajust and equitable right to com-
pensation for the same. This j-um ;mil equitable
right to be paid ior the use of his invention by the
United States must be determined by those prin-
ciplesand considerations which obtain in oidinary
eases for the use of inventions 01 infringement of
