222
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 16,
Unit.ed States will, without delay, consider the ques-
tion of the improvement of the Ohio river ana its
tributaries; not as a mere local question, as here-
tofore, but as one of great national importance,
demanding the special exercise of governmental
powers to render it a great transportation highway
for the nation; uncontrollable by corporations or
combinations, and justifying, in view of the future
of the country, large expenditures of money from
the common revenues ot the nation.
The alarm shown by European Governments at
the increase of immigration to this country; the fast
approaching equalization of cost of labor in Europe
and the United States; the facts that are being
demonstrated as to the ultimate supremacy of this
country in the production and supply of iron and
its uiultiforms; the movements looking to the ex-
portation of fuel and ores; the increasing agricul-
tural products of the country and the cheap distrib-
ution demanded by homo as well as foreign con-
sumption, present grave questions to the Amerioan
statesman as to the governmental action that will in
the fullest manner meet the future demands of the
country for cheap transportation.
How far under a republican form of government
Congress can dictate to private capital embodied in
railroad corporations the recompense it may de-
mand for the use of transportation facilities, or by
subsidies sustain semi-governmental roads to the
injury of private capital already invested in trans-
portation labors, is a question of grave importance,
fraught with the seeds of much trouble.
There are, however, great natural transportation
facilities over which the power of Congress cannot
only be exercised without question, but upon which
it is clear governmental power should be exerted to
cheapen transportation by artificially improving the
facilities nature has created.
In the millions expended by the Government
under acts of Congress upon the seacoast harbors,
and upon the lakes, the right to use largely of the
common revenues of the nation for sectional navi-
gation improvements, where the ultimate benefits
are national, is prejudged, and leaves no question
as to equal expenditures upon the interior naviga-
tion ot the country, which is so wide as to be na-
tional in itself, instead of sectional.
Important as is the improvement of the seacoast
harbors lor the incoming and outgoing commerce
of the nation, yet, in view of the rivers permeating
the whole interior of the nation, creating a system
of internal water communication unequaled in any
nation of the earth, the seacoast improvements
besome secondary in importance to those demanded
by all the States through and along whose domains
the fifteen thousand miles of navigable rivers flow.
In this unequal system of internal navigation
fourteen of the States of the nation are directly in-
terested by reason of its waters permeating their
territory, while, by reason of the powerful agent
this internal river navigation can, under ample gov-
ernmental expenditures, become,for the cheapening
of the cost for the transportation of agricultural and
manufactured products, the interests of the popula-
tion of all the States are greatly touched.
Of this great agent, under the proper action of the
Government, for the benefit of the agriculture, the
manufactures, the commerce, the people of the na-
tion, the Ohio river and its tributaries presents the
navigation interests of one half of the States direct-
ly interested and one fifth of all the States of the
Union.
By the census of 1870 it appears that of a total
population of 38,113,213, these seven States for which
wo speak oontained 13,592,129 inhabitants, over thir-
ty-five per cent, of the entire population of the na-
tion ; wnile in the seven other States directly inter-
ested—Mississippi, Louisiana, Arkansas, Wisconsin,
Minnesota, Iowa, and Missouri—there were 6,496,7Y1
inhabitants, or nearly seventeen per cent. more.
By the report of the Internal Revenue Commis-
sioner for 1805, that being the year when that taxa-
tion was broadest in its levies upon the products and
wealth of the nation, it is shown that of $183,118,-
804 06 of revenue collected, the seven States whose
commissioners we are paid $62,556,139 89, or over
thirty-three per cent, of the whole revenue thus
obtained from the people. By the census of 1870,
the value of the farming products in the United
States was $2,447,160,721, of which these seven States
of whom we speak produced $913,308,344, or over
forty per cent, of the whole; while the other seven
States interested in the improvement of the western
rivers produced $194,741,806, or over twenty per
cent. more. By the same State document it appears
that the total value of lands in farms in the United
States then was $11,132,662,983, and that in the seven
States asking through your memorialists the im-
provement ol the Ohio river their value was $4,284,-
890,390, or over forty per cent, of the whole; while
in the other s«ven States in question the value of;
the farming lands was $1,273,793,689, or over ten per
cent. more. By the same State paper, the value of
the live stock then in the United States was $1,659,-
200.933, of which $674,769,758, or over forty per cent.,
were in the seven States we represent; while in the
other seven States their value was $323,608,808, or
nearly twenty per cent. more. In the same census
the value of farm implements and machinery in the
United States is given at $333,600,039, of which $122,-
489,481, or over thirty-six per cent, was in the seven
States in whose name we memorialize your honor-
able body; and $70,919,867, or over twenty per cent,
in the other seven States lying upon the great rivers
of the Mississippi valley.
Not only, then, is the improvement of the naviga-
tion of the Ohio river asked by one fifth of theStates
of the nation, but it is asked by one third ot' the
whole population, who have heretofore paid thirty-
five per cent, of the whole internal taxation of the
nation, and borne a corresponding share in the
liquidation of the national debt, and must by infer-
ence continue to do so until it is all paid. It is asked
by those who raise forty per cent, of the farm pro-
ducts of the country, own forty per cent, of the land
in farms in the nation, forty per cent, of the live
stock, and thirty-six per cent, of the capital in farm
implements and machinery in the United States.
By the statistics here presented it appears also that
seven other States, containing seventeen per cent,
more of the whole population of the nation, who
produce twenty per cent, of the farm products of the
country, contain ten per cent, of the farming lands,
twenty per cent, of the live stock, twenty per cent,
of the farm machinery, are directly interested in the
request of the States whose commissioners we are,
that the improvement of the navigation of the Ohio
shall be taken up as a work of the first national
magnitude and importance. The aggregate of those
asking this proper, necessary, and wise action of the
Government is therefore one half of the whole popu-
lation of the nation, who raise sixty per cent, of the
whole farm products of the country, own over fifty
per cent, of the land in farms, sixty percent, of the
livestock, and one half of all the farming imple-
ments and machinery in the United States.
"When such a clear one half of the political force,
the population, the wealth, the productive forces,
the financial power of the nation, require the im-
provement of the Ohio river and its tributaries, is it
not the bounden duty of Congress to take such
action, promptly, as shall meet this demand, and
accomplish the work required?
It is not merely a question of to-day that is thus
presented, but one impressed in all its bearings with
the future wants of the nation, and as such to be
taken up in the wisest spirit of statesmanship, in the
broadest national point of view.
Within the seven States whose commissioners we
are lies the heart of the future mineral and manu-
facturing power of the nation, and upon their soil
will be gathered the vast masses of workers who,
under the power of the mineral facilities garnered
there, will render this country in the future what
England has been in the past. This is no glittering
generality, but a thoughtful statement formed from
the facts of manufacturing history, and based upon
laws governing the use of fuel and the working of
metals.
With twelve thousand square miles of coal. Great
Britain has in the past controlled the world with her
manufactures. Within the seven States for whom
we act there are one hundred and twenty-two thou-
sand square miles of the same wealth-producing
mineral.
Can there be any question as to the action of the
Government of Great Britain were ten times the
fuel power of that which has been the foundation
of her past political and present financial power
awaiting development within her domains, and a
necessary adjunct to its profitable development, the
establishment of such a grand system of cheap trans-
portation of fuel, minerals, tood, and products from
point to point aud to markets, as is assured to the
States we represent under a comprehensive and
complete improvement of the Ohio and its tributa-
ries ? Should there be any question as to the action
of this Government, asked as it is by all tbat forms
one half of the nation, politically, financially, and
productively ?
In view of the past of Great Britain and other
manufacturing Powers there can arise no question
as to whether upon the domains of the seven States
most directly interested in the improvement of the
Ohio and its tributaries there will gather an im-
mense mechanical and mining population. Not
only with them will arise the question of cheap
freights for the transportation of their products,
but also tbat question that becomes of more and
more pressing importance as countries increase in
mechanical, mercantile, and mining population—
the question of cheap food.
In the progress of all nations issues arise touch-
ing the welfare of their people, and happy are the
people whose rulers, legislating as statesmen, pro-
vide for foreshadowed issues ere they fully arise.
Of the many issues that have in the United States
awakened party strife, commercial disturbance, and
national trouble, all are now either settled or rap-
idly adjusting themselves. Through mmh anger,
through much sorrow, the country has assured to
itself unity, and at a great cost learned its power as
a nation. The governmental issues that will here-
after arise will therefore be those that tend to the
enhancement of the power of the nation, the greater
good and enrichment of the people.
The power of a nation lies in its population, its
enrichment in the mineral and agricultural pro-
ducts of its soil. For the existence of the one and
the production of the others the United States
is grandly preeminent among the nations of the
earth. So varied in topographical formation and
in climate, so diverse in agricultural products, so
comprehensive in mineral resources, the nation
exists a world within itself; and already upon its
soil some of the grandest actions for the advance-
ment of the human race have transpired, and from
out of its people have come scientific inventions
and discoveries that spread benefits to all the earth.
The progress of the past fifty years in the devel-
opment ot the nation only foreshadows what will be
its magnitude in the next fifty to come, when all
the progressive foroes of population and capital
that have been in the past so steadily gathering
power shall come fully into action.
For what a teeming population, for what a store-
house of food, for what a workshop of mechanical
productions the American statesmen of to-day are
called upon to prepare for in the future, it needs
only to analyze the statistics of the past fifty years
and study the geological reports of the States to
foresee.
To urge upon you to make one of those prepara-
tions for the nation's future, to meet one of those
national issues which is already arising, to beseech
of you to take up the improvement of the internal
water transportation ot the country on a scale com-
mensurate with the wants of the nation yet to be,
and in the spirit that led you to give millions to
build the iron pathways across the continent, is the
object of our memorial.
From the sea unto the sea spread the domains
of these United States; from ocean to ocean dwell
its people. Through its eastern and western gates
pour the people ot the earth, finding each, if they
so choose, their own climate, the same or similar
products of their own soil, and familiar occupation-*.
He who holds the nations of the earth in Hi.- hanil
seems to have formed this land for the home of a
people with whom the grandest fructification of
Christian civilization should develop. In the heart
of this grand domain, this wonderfully productive
territory, this storehouse of a world's wealth, that
spreads even from the mountains unto the mount-
ains, that rim in with their ribs of iron and of silver,
of coal and of gold, the whole heart of the nation,
mighty rivers, giving more than fifteen thousand
miles of national water highways, await the skill
of the engineer to bear a greater commerce upon
their waters than the oceans that bound our shores.
To the development of a nation so powerful as this
now is, and as its domains and its resources foretell
it will become, the brain of the most sagacious ruler
could not have devised a more complete and con-
venient system of artificial water communication
with the whole interior than nature presents for
man's perfecting hand; one better designed to favor
the interchange of the products of all sections, or to
carry those products to the markets of the world. In
its absence the statesman might sigh in vain for its
creation, and the people deplore, without relief, it*
want. In the face of its existence, when its great
use now, and greater importance in years to come, is
beyond argument, should there be any hesitancy on
the part of the rulers of this nation to spend mil-
lions, if required, in rendering this internal system
of navigation what itshould be to furnish the cheap
transportation the country now asks, and will here-
after demand, when if they had it not 110 sum would
seem unproportionate to the benefits to be derived
from its existence? Those benefits are not to be
questioned, and the legislator who will balance the
cost of the improvements now against the benefits,
present and to come, will fail to rank high in the his-
tory of this nation, or in the estimation of men.
The financial ability of the Government to expend
the sums require'd is not to be doubted, in view ot
the millions expended upon the seacoast and the
lakes, given to the Pacific railways, and gathered
yearly from the people for the payment of the na-
tional debt and the expenses of the nation. There
comes in the affairs of nations a period when gre.it
progressive movements assert their claim to birth,
' and force their way to completion. The question of
; the improvement of the navigation of the Ohio and
its tributaries has been often before Congress, but
the limited sums that have been appropriated indi-
cate that the importance of this commercial highway
was but little understood, or that in the progress of
events tending to the creation and development of
this nation, the day for the work had not arrived.
It is true in the past the nation bad not awakened
to its financial or governmental power, nor had the
interior commerce of the Ohio and Mississippi val-
leys and their population become so great, or their
transportation demands so pressing. Now, however,
we find, as before stated, these States of the Ohio
valley represent thirty-five per cent, of the popula-
tion of the nation; that they produce forty per cent,
of the farm products of the country from forty per
cent, of the lands and farms in the United States
lying within their borders. We know that their
manufacturing, field, aitd resources are ten times
that of Great Britain, and that cheap transportation
of agricultural, mineral, and manufactured products
will be one of the great future issuesof these States,
and is even now a pressing question.
By this population, this capital, this production,
this future, the demand is now made that the Gov-
ernment of the United States shall give to the im-
provement of the navigation of the Ohio river
and its tributaries that attention and that money
the magnitude of the interests involved necessitate.
How or in what detail this improvement is to be
made we make at this time no presentation. When
the Government shall have provided the means,
the skill of the engineer corps of the United States
will find a satisfactory plan beyond a doubt. The
question is not one of engineering but of finance.
It is not necessary that we should present to you
statistics showing the economies of water transport-
ation over that of land carriage; those are familiar
to every business man, every legislator; nor it it
necessary to deduce from such statistics how quickly
thecost will be repaid from thecheapeningof freights
and the consequent lessening price of food, fuel, and
material thus transported to the people. Not only
is this question of cheap transportation becoming
a pressing issue with the people, but also the
question of increased transportation facilities. For
the solution of botb the minds of all turn naturally to
the improvement ot the Ohio and its tributaries,
and as naturally look to the Government to per-
form the work.
As to the sum to be appropriated ultimately for
this national work, that most depeud upon the plan
adopted to accomplish the work. Varioai plaM
