2146
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
was a precisely similar case, and the members
from Texas were paid oat of the contingent
fund. The election occurred in Texas at pre-
cisely the same time, and the members ap-
peared here and took their seats on precisely
t the same day, and the House of Representatives
paid those members out of the contingent fund;
but the members from Mississippi, by an over-
sight, supposing that they would be entitled to
draw their pay anyhow, did not apply for it in
time to receive it from the contingent fund,
and thus they found themselves deprived of
the advantages that they could have secured
to themselves had they applied for the money
in time.
Mr. BOREMAN. They paid the Virginia
members, too.
Mr. ALCORN. They paid the Virginia
members also, as my friend on my left informs
me. When the subject was brought to the
knowledge of the House, the House passed a
resolution promptly, without objection, without
a single dissenting voice, declaring that these
members were entitled to their pay; and now
the Senate undertake to say to the House of
Representatives: "Because o'f the lapse of
time, and because the sum was not paid out
of your contingent fund, you shall not be per-
mitted to pay the Representatives in your own
House according to your own wish." It seems
to me that courtesy on the part of the Senate
would say: "Let us agree to the resolution;
let us agree to the will of the House of Repre-
sentatives on this subject." They have invest-
igated it; the precedent is full and complete ;
and Senators cannot show a single example,
a single precedent in all the legislation of
Congress where the principle I now set up has
been violated in any case. I do trust that the
Senate will accord to the House of Represent-
atives this courtesy ; I do trust that the Senate
will accord to these gentlemen the pay they
are entitled to have ; and I do trust the Senate
will not require the House of Representatives
to go back on the precedent already set, and
which has never-been violated up to this hour.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on striking out the appropriation in regard to
the pay of members of the House of Repre-
sentatives from Mississippi on the thirty-first
page of the bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I ask for the yeas and
nays on that question.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SAWYER. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
has spoken four minutes on this subject. He
is entitled to one minute more.
Mr. SAWYER. I rise simply to say that
the committee having found what the preced-
ents established by the House were, receded
from the proposition to strike out this clause.
They did so for that reason, because the
House has established its own precedent in
this case.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 17, nays 31; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Blair, Carpenter, Chandler, Conk-
ling, Edmunds, Fenton, Gilbert, Hamlin, Harlan,
Howe, Logan, Mori ill of Vermont, Nye, Pratt,
tiprague, Trumbull, and Wright—17.
NAYS—Messrs. Alcorn, Ames, Boreman, Brown-
low, Caldwell, Casserly, Clayton, Cole, Cooper. Cor-
bett. Fianaean.^ Goldthwait.e, Hamilton of Texas,
IIiil, Kelly, Lewis, Machen, Norwood, Pool,Ransom,
lliee, Robertson, S;tvvyer, Scott, Spencer, Steven-
sou, Stewart, Thurman, Viekers, West, and Win-
dona—31.
ABSENT — Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Bucking-
bam, Cameron, Cragin, Davis, Ferry of Connecticut,
Ferry of Michigan, Frelinghuysen, Hamilton of
Maryland, Hitchcock, Johnston, Morrill of Maine,
Morton,Osborn, Patterson,Pomeroy,Ramsey,Sauls-
bury, Sehurz, Sherman, Stockton, Sumner, Tipton,
anil Wilson—25.
So the amendment was rejected.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
receive a message from the House of Repre-
sentatives.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had agreed to the amendments
of the Senate to the bill (H. R. No. 3274) to
establish certain post roads.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the bill of the Senate (S. No. 522)
to- provide for the sale of the lands of the
United States containing coal, with an amend-
ment, in which it requested the concurrence
of the Senate.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the following bills; in which it
requested the concurrence of the Senate:
A bill (H. R. No. 2092) relating to the dis-
position of certain lands to be reclaimed in
sections fourteen, twenty-three, and twenty-
six, in township sixteen north, of range twenty,
in the county of Sheboygan, in the State of
Wisconsin;
A bill (H. R. No. 3384) authorizing the Sec-
retary of the Treasury to admit free of duty a
bell imported for the Catholic church at Mil-
ford, Massachusetts;
A bill (H. R. No. 4064) to refund certain
taxes collected on manufactured tobacco;
A bill (H. R. No. 4066) for the relief of
owners of lands sold for direct taxes;
A bill (H. R. No. 3045) to authorize the
unlading of steamships at night;
A bill (H. R. No. 3264) relative to a site
for public buildings in the city of Reading,
Pennsylvania; and
A bill (H. R. No. 4063) to provide for the
erection of a public building in Lynchburg,
Virginia.
SALE OF COAL LANDS.
Mr. STEWART. I ask unanimous consent
that the coal bill, which has just been re-
turned from the House of Representatives
with an amendment, be taken up, with a view
of disagreeing to the amendment and asking
for a committee of conference.
There being no objection, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the amendment of the
House of Representatives to the bill (S. No.
522) to provide for the sale of the lands of the
United States containing coal.
Mr. STEWART. I hardly think it worth
while to read the amendment through.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I want to hear it.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment of
the House, which was to strike out all of the
bill after the enacting clause, and to insert in
lieu thereof the following:
That any person above the age of twenty-one
years, who is a citizen of the United States, or who
has declared his intention to become such, or any
association of persons severally qualified as above,
shall, upon application to the register of the proper
land office, have the right to enter by legal sub-
divisions any quantity of vacant coal lands of the
United States not otherwise appropriated or re-
served by competent authority, not exceeding one
hundred and sixty acres to such individual person,
or three hundred and twenty acres to such associa-
tion, upon payment to the receiver of not less than
ten dollars per acre for such lands, where the same
shall be situated more than fifteen miles from any
completed railroad, and not less than twenty dollars
per acre for such lands as shall be within fifteen
miles of such road,
Sec. 2. That any person or association of persons
severally qualified as above, who have opened and
improved, orshall hereafter open and improve, any
coal mine or mined upon the public lands, and shall
be in actual possession of the same, shall be entitled
to a preference right of entry, under the foregoing
provisions, of the mines so opened and improved:
Provided, That when any association of not less than
four persons, severally Qualified as in section one of
this act* shall have expended not less than $5,000 in
working and improving any such mine or mines,
such association may enter not exceeding six hun-
dred and forty acres, including such mining im-
provements.
Sec. 3. That all claims under section two of this
act must be presented to the register of the proper
land district within sixty days after the date of
actual possession and the commencement of im-
provements on the land, by the tiling of a decla-
ratory statement therefor: Provided, That when the
township plat is not on file at the date ofsueh im-
provement filing must be made within sixty days
irom the receipt of such plat at the district office:
And provided further. That where the improvements
shall have been made prior to the expiration of
three months from the passage of this act, sixty days
from the expiration of said three months shall bo
allowed for the filing of a declaratory statement,
and no sale under the provisions of this act shall be
allowed until the expiration of six months from the
date hereof.
Sec. 4. That .this act shall be held to authorize
only one entry by the same person or association of
persons under its provisions: and no association of
persons any member of which shall have taken the
benefit of this act either as an individual or as a
member of any other association shall enter or hold
any other lands under the provisions of this act; and
no memberofany association which shall have taken
the benefit of this act shall enter or hold any other
lands under its provisions; and all persons claiming
under section twojhereof shall be required to prove
their respective rights and pay for the lands filed
upon within one year from the time prescribed for
filing their respective claims; and upon failure to
file the proper notice, or to pay for the land within
the required period, the same shall be subject to
entry by any other qualified applicant.
Sec. 5. That in case of conflicting claims upon
lands where the improvements shall be hereafter
commenced, priority of possession and improvement,
followed by proper filiug and continued good faith,
shall determine the preference right to purchase.
And also where improvements have already been
made at the date of the passage of this act, division
of the land claimed may be made by legal subdivis-
ions, to include, as near as may be, the valuable
improvements of the respective parties; and the
Commissioner of the General Land Office shall be,
and is hereby, authorized to issue all needful rules
and regulations for carrying into effect the provis-
ions of this act: Provided, That this act shall not
apply to the Territory of Alaska: And provided
further, That nothing in this act shall be construed
to authorize the taking of any lands granted to any
railroad company.
Sec, 6. That nothing in this actshall be construed
to destroyer impair any rights which may have at-
tached prior to its pa.ssa.ge, or to authorize the sale
of lands valuable for mines of gold, silver, or copper.
Mr. HARLAN. I should like to hear the
original bill read.
The Chief Clerk read the bill, as follows :
Be it enacted, &c., That any person above the ago
of twenty-one years, who is a citizen of the United
States, or who has declared his intention to become
such, or any incorporated or unincorporated asso-
ciation of persons severally qualified as above, and
who shall have opened and improved any coal mine
upon any vacant public lands of the United States,
and expended in such opening and improvement
thereof not less than $1,000, shall, upon application
to the register of the proper land office, and proof to
him, and to be filed in his office of-the foregoing facts,
have the right to enter, by legal subdivisions, any
quantity of vacant coal lands of the United States
not otherwise appropriated or reserved by com-
petent authority, not exceeding one hundred and
sixty acres to sueh individual person, or three hun-
dred and twenty acres to such association, upon
payment to the receiver of not less than ten dollars
per acre for such lands where the same shall be
situated more than fifteen miles from any compl eted
railroad, and not less than twenty dollars per acre
for such lands as shall be within fifteen miles of
such road: Provided, That when any association
of not less than four persons, severally qualified as
aforesaid, shall have expended not less than $5,000
in working and improving any such mine or mines,
such association may enter not exceeding six hun-
dred and forty acres, including such miniog im-
provements.
Sec. 2. That all claims under section one of this
act must be presented to the register of the proper
land district within sixty days after the date of actual
possession and the commencement of improvements
on the land, by the filing of a declaratory statement
therefore : Provided, That when the township plat
is not on file at the date of such improvement, filing
must be made within sixty days from the receipt of
such plat at the district office: Andprodvied further.
That where the improvements shall have been made
prior to the expiration of three months from the
passage of this act, sixty days from the expiration
of said three months shall be allowed for the filing
of a declaratory statement, and no sale under the
provisions of this actshall be allowed until the ex-
piration of six months from the date hereof.
Skc. 3. That this act shall be held to authorize
only one entry by the same person or association of
persons under its provisions; and all persons claim-
ing under this actshall be required to prove their
respective rights, and pay for the lands filed upon,
within six months from the time prescribed for filing
their respective claims ; and upon failure-to file the
proper notice, or to pay for the land within the re-
quired period, the same shall be subject to entry by
any other qualified ai plieunt.
Seu.4. That in case of conflicting claims upon lands
provided for in this act, where the improvements
shall be hereafter commenced, priority of possession
and improvement, followed by proper filing and con-
tinued good faith, shall determine the preference
right to purchase, and also where improvement
have already been made at the date of the passage
of this act, division of the land claimed may be made
by legal subdivisions, to include, as near as may bo,
the valuable improvements of therespective parties;
and the Commissioner of the General Land Office
shall be, and is hereby, authorized to issue all need-
ful rules and regulations for carrying into effect the
provisions of this act.
. Sec. 5. Nothing in this act shall be construed to
'tesfroy or impair any rights which may have attached
prior to its passage or to authorize the sale of lands
valuable for mines of gold, silver, or copper.
Mr. STEWART. I think the House bill is
