1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
223
have b«es sut|«t«d by elninent engineers, varying
in the cost of their construction from seventeen mil-
lion to sixty million dollars. Among these plans are
embracMl the slack-watering of the Ohio throughout
its entire length, the supplying the required volume
of water by aid of reservoirs, the maintaining the
requisite navigation by low dams and open chutes.
Whatever may be the plan, it should be one that
will fully accomplish the desire of the body of the
people and the necessities of the productive forces
of tne nation now and in the future.
The reservoir system is one that has been advo-
cated by prominent engineers, but from the absenee
of Government surveys there is no precise data as
to whether sites for the reservoirs can be found.
To the improvement of the Ohio by locks and
dams objections have been made, unless such dams
can be constructed with open chutes, that will
during hich water from natural causes allow free
passage over the dams. For the perfecting of such
a chute we may state that governmental engineers
have been laboring on models, drawings, ami esti-
mates, and it is thought with success. The practical
working of sueh a chute could only, however, be
tested in conjunction with the construction of a
darn, such a* would be necessary to the improvement
of the Ohio by a system of slack-watering. The con-
struction of sach a dam at or near Pittsburg for the
purpose of overcoming some of the difficulties of
navigation at that point has been recommended by
Colonel Merrill, of the United States engineering
corp«. in a report to General Humphreys, engineer-
in-chief ot the United States, on which* if con-
structed, experiments might be made with chutes.
But for this dam no appropriation exists.
In view, then, of the undetermined form of a plan
for the improvement of the Ohio and its tributaries,
we would respectfully ask that, at your present ses-
sion, snrveys be ordered to be made at the head-
water* of the Ohio and its tributaries by the engin-
eers of the United States, to ascertain what reser-
voirs are capable of being constructed at the sources
of the streams feeding the Ohio, and the practica-
bility and cost thereot. We also ask that appropria-
tions be made to defray the expense of such surveys,
and also for the purpose of defraying the expense of
the preparation and exemplification of apian for the
improvement of the Ohio river and its tributaries,
which shall give a reliable and acceptable navigation
of not less than six feet in the driest season; and
also an appropriation for the construction of the
d  ra referred to near Pittsburg.
To defray the expenses for the surveys and con-
structions. and also to furnish the means to carry on
the present system of improvement of the Ohio
already being pursued, including the establishment
of the system of lights and buoys recommended by
Government engineers, and to defray the cost of
such other surveys of tributaries of the Ohio as may
be needed, and to commence such work upon
them as may be deemed by the engineers of the
United States necessary, preparatory totheadoption
of a general and permanent plan for the complete
improvement of the Ohio and its tributaries, we
would respectfully ask that you appropriate at year
present session the sum of $2,000,000.
J. K. MOORHEAD.
GEORGE H. THURSTON,
JOSEPH WALTON.
THOMAS J POWERS.
EDWARD BLANCHARD,
On behalf of the State of Pennsylvania.
THOMAS SWEENEY.
CAPTAIN MeCLURE,
W. T. POOLK.
J.S. KING.
J. P. IIA Lil,
On behalf of the State nf Weat Virginia.
JOSEPH DONIPHAN,
JOHN MEANS.
VINCENTSHINKLE,
Z. M. SHIRLEY,
M. WEIL,
On behalf of the State of Kentucky.
V. B. HORTON,
ROBERT MARTIN,
BENJAMIN EGGLESTON,
THOMASSHERLOCK,
J. G. PEBBLES.
. On behalf of the State of Ohio.
O. P. COBB.
CHARLES H. MEEKIN,
J. A. LEMCKE,
CHARLES MASON,
LARZ NOBLE,
O/i behttlf of the State of Indiana.
JOHN GILBERT,
ALFREI> CUTTING,
CHARLES CARROLL,
JAMES FACKNEY,
W. P. HALLIDAY,
On behalf nf the State of Illinois.
D. N. KENNEDAY,
A. O. ADAMS.
PRANK MeClUNG,
R, A. PINSON,
W. M. FARRINGTON,
On behalf of the State of Tenneitee.
SUCTION OF P08TM A8TKRS.
Mr. FARNSWORTH, by unanimous con-
sent, submitted the following resolution; which
was read, considered, and agreed to :
licmlved. That the Committee on the Post Office
and Pout Roads be instructed to inquire into the pro-
priety of providing by law authority to the Presi-
dent of the United States to order elections for post-
masters, and that said committee report by bill or
otherwise.
FLORIDA MILITIA OF 1839 AND 1840.
Mr. WALLS, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, ana adopted :
SetoheJ, That the Secretary of War be instructed
to furnish to the House of Representatives a detailed
statement containing the amounts of moneys, and by
whom expended, in payment of the Florida militia
by virtue of an act entitled "An act for the pay-
ment of Florida militia called into service in the
years 1S3VI and 1840," approved August 23, 1842, or
by virtue of any other aet bearing upon the same
subject.
REPEAL OF STAMP DUTIES.
I
Mr. HIBBARD, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 3246) to repeal
the stamp duties imposed by schedules B and
C; which was read a first and second time,
; ordered to be printed, and referred to the
Committee of Ways and Means.
; IMMIGRATION.
| Mr. CONGER. I gave notice the other day
that on Wednesday next, after the reading of
the Journal, I would call up for consideration
1 the motion to reconsider the vote by which the
House recommitted the bill (H. R. No. 1925)
1 to promote immigration to the United States.
I ask that the bill may be reprinted.
The motion was agreed to.
POSTAGE ON SEEDS, CUTTINGS, ETC.
Mr. BUTLER, ofMassachusetts, moved that
the rules be so suspended as to pass a bill to
amend the one hundred and thirty-third and
one hundred and sixty-third sections of an act
approved June 8, 1872, entitled "An act to
revise, consolidate, and amend the statutes
relating to the Post Office Department."
The bill, which was read, provides that agri-
cultural and floral seeds, cuttings, bulbs, roots,
and scions shall be deemed to be mailable
matter of the third class, and shall pass through
the mails at the same rate of postage and in
the same bulk as book manuscripts, proof-
sheets and corrected proof-sheets are now
carried by law.
Mr. TOWNSEND, of Pennsylvania. Is
this bill open to amendment?
The SPEAKER. It is not. A motion to
suspend the rules is not amendable, unless by
consent of the mover.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I do not
yield for any amendment.
The SPEAKER. The Chair deems it his
duty to advise the House that there is no time
when more attention should be given to busi-
ness than when motions are made to suspend
the roles#
Mr. TOWNSEND, of Pennsylvania. I ask
the gentleman to allow my amendment to be
read.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I do not
object to that.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I ask that unan-
imous consent be given to the gentleman to
explain this bill.
No objection was made.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. By acci-
dent, apparently, when the postal code was
revised last session, seeds and cuttings were
classed, in the opinion of the Postmaster Gen-
eral, as merchandise, thus doubling the former
rates of postage, and also cutting down the
amount to be so carried through the mails from
four pounds to twelve ounces. This bill is
simply to restore the old rate, and to allow
these articles to go through the mails as book
manuscripts, proofs, and other printed mat-
ter do, in parcels not to exceed four pounds
in weight, and at the rate of one cent for ever?
two ounces or fraction thereof. I do not think
anybody knew of the change which the Post-
master General says was made at the last
session. I certainly did not, and I appeal to
any gentleman here to say that he did.
The reason for haste in regard to this bill is
that the farmers of the South are just about to
begin their planting, and if we wait the slow
process of ordinary legislation their oppor
tunity, in remote districts, to obtain seeds will
be decreased and perhaps entirely lost. I
therefore ask that this bill may be passed undor
a suspension of the roles. It is only to restore
the law in regard to these articles to wlmt it
was before the revision. I did not know of the
change, and I have not yet met any gentleman
of this House who did know of it. There might
have been those who knew of the change ; but
I confess my ignorance of it. The freest cir-
culation ought certainly be given to seeds, &c.,
which go to remote corners where there are no
other means of conveying them than through
the mails. I ask that these articles be placed
on the same footing as printed matter.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The revision ofthe
postal code, which was in Congress here labor-
ing along for two or three sessions before it
was finally adopted, as it first passed the House
made no change in regard to the weight of
or rates of postage on seeds, cuttings, &c. I
have here all the different prints of the House
and the Senate with the various ameudraents
of the postal code. This amendment was first
incorporated in the bill in the Senate. It was
afterward considered in the committee of
the House, together with the Postmaster Gen-
eral and the experts from the Department
who had prepared the first draft of the re-
vised postal code. The House conceded to
the Senate tnis amendment as much because
the Senate desired it as because the Post-
master General desired it. The Department
asked that the change might he made. The
Postmaster General was opposed to permitting
seeds, bulbs, roots, &c., to pass through the
mails in large quantities ; in other words, he
was opposed to favoring the carrying of this
class of commodities in the mails. I remem-
ber that one statement made by him in sup-
port of his position was that in many post
offices vermin would be attracted by seed, &c.,
being carried in the mails. I think he stated
that at one time in the New York post office
the rats went through tons of mail matter in
pursuit of seeds. The Department was hos-
tile to opening the mails to matter of this kind.
I do not feel much concern about the question
one way or another ; and though several bills
on this subject would be acted on by our com-
mittee to-morrow morning, I do not propose to
object to the passage of this bill now if it be
thought best.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I sup-
pose that the rats got into those seeds which
members of Congress flanked. [Laughter.]
Mr. FARNSWORTH. One word more.
In the law as it now stands, seeds, cuttings,
bulbs, roots, &c., are, with reference to the
amount that may be carried, placed upon the
same footing with everything else except books
and book manuscript, which may go through
the mails to the extent of not more than four
pounds in any package, and soldiers' clothing,
which is allowed to go through the mails in
quantities not greater than two pounds. I
believe that for everything else twelve ounces is
the limit.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I desire
to say that I have the means of knowing that
the Postmaster General has changed his mind
on this subject and would like the law modified
in this respect; but whether that is so or not,
I am not very particular. The people of the
country, who think that seeds for the raising
of produce are quite as desirable as magazines
for the dissemination of ideas, desire that both
classes of articles shall go at the same rate.
The paste on magazines attracts rats quite as
much as do the seeds. Besides that, in a well-
regulated post office there ought not to be
"tons of mail matter," as the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Faknsworth] says, lying long
enough for the rats to go through it. In a
properly conducted post office mail matter
ought to be transported more promptly. We
