1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2147
probably an improvement upon the Senate bill.
I see but one thing in it which appears to be
objectionable, and several members of the
House Lave suggested to ine that they think it
ought not to be in it. Alaska is excluded from
its operation, and there is no good reason for
that. I move to concur in the amendment of
the House with an amendment striking out the
proviso which excludes Alaska from the oper-
ation of the bill.
The motion was agreed to.
house bill referred.
_ Mr. WRIGHT. I ask that a joint resolu-
tion from the House which is on the table be
taken up and referred.
The joint resolution (H. J. R. No. 203) re-
lating to the old bridge at Rock Island, was
read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
change of reference.
Mr. CLAYTON. I ask consent to make a
motion for a change of reference of a memo-
rial. I move that the memorial of William
J. Patton be referred to the Committee on
Finance instead of the Committee on Claims.
The motion was agreed to.
senator from south carolina.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair de-
sires to state that he has received by mail and
telegraph the papers he holds in his hands
relative to the elections of Senators for the
term commencing to-morrow at noon. He
will submit them for such action as the Senate
may deem proper to take. He has received
what purports to be a protest from South. Car-
olina, signed by sixty-five citizens, thirteen of
whom claim to be members of the Legislature,
and also what purport to be copies of affidavits
in some case before a trial of justice there in
regard to the election of John J. Patterson,
as a Senator from that State.
Mr. EDMUNDS. They had better be laid
on the table and printed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. They will be
laid on the table and ordered to be printed.
senator from louisiana.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair has
also received since noon a telegraphic dispatch
from New Orleans, signed by one of the gen-
tlemen claiming to be Governor of that State,
John McEnery, notifying the Senate, through
its Presiding Officer, that Hon. Wm. L.
McMillen was elected a Senator from that
State, for the term commencing on the 4th of
March, at noon, and that his certificates were
mailed yesterday.
Mr. WEST. Although I shall not object to
the presentation of the credentials of the gen-
tleman named if presented in due form, I must
object to them coming telegraphically.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Louisiana objects to the reception of the
paper, and therefore it will lie over for future
consideration.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let us decide whether
it shall be received.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Is it addressed to the
Presiding Officer as such?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then it is in the nature of
a petition. You can petition by telegraph as
well as by mail.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there is no
objection, the dispatch will be read to the Sen-
ate informally.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let it be read.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be reported
informally to the Senate, as the question of
reception has been raised upon it.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
New Orleans. March 3,1873.
Hon. Schuyler Colfax, Viae President' U.S.,
cave Unit. W. Jj. Milliard 8 Hotel:
I havo the honor to inform you that Hon. William
L. McMillen was, on the 28th instant, duly elected
Senator in the Congress of the United States by the
Legislature of the State of Louisiana for the term
commencing March 4, 1873. His credentials were
mailed to him yesterday.
JOHN McENERY.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Since the Sec-
retary commenced the reading of that dispatch
the Chair has received another, supplemental
to that, which he will read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
New Orleans, March 3,1873.
Hon. Schuyler Colfax, care William L. McMillen:
I inadvertently omitted to sign officially my dis-
patch this morning notifying you of the election of
Hon. W. L. MeMiUcn as Senator in tho United States
Congress. I intend this dispatch to supply that
omission.
JOHN McENBRY,
Governor of the State of Louisiana.
Mr. CONKLING. What is the question
before the Senate?
^ The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Louisiana objects to the reception of these
papers.
Mr. CONKLING. I should like to know
how there is any question before the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair sub-
mitted these papers as he has received them
by telegraph, and also papers in regard to the
election of a Senator from South Carolina by
mail, as they refer to the election of Senators
after his own term shall expire, so that they
might be in the possession of the Senate if the
Senate desires. The Senator from Louisiana
raises the question of reception.
Mr. CONKLING. I understand the Chair
presents the other papers, they being in the
nature of a protest or petition. These papers,
if they are in any nature at all, are telegraphic
statements of what credentials are in being
somewhere, and I do not see how these papers
can be received for any purpose. They are
not a petition. What are they ? A telegraphic
announcement that credentials have been
mailed to somebody. When the credentials
come here we can act on them ; but I submit
that this telegraphic statement presents no
question to the Senate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Since I have been a
member of the Senate telegraphic dispatches
have often been received in this body, and I
have known a Senator to be sworn in without
having his credentials at all to present, there
being no pbjection to his being sworn, the Sen-
ate not being notified of any contest. I rec-
ollect that a Senator from Kentucky, Mr.
Crittenden, was sworn in as a member of this
body without any credentials at all, it being
stated that it was notorious that he had been
elected a Senator, and it also being stated that
his credentials were on the way. In this case,
here is a telegraphic dispatch informing the
Senate that certain credentials are on the
way. How much it will amount to is another
question ; but it seems to me there can be no
objection to receiving the dispatch and letting
it go on the table. Ofcourse, no action will
be taken upon it at the present time. What
action theSenate will takewhen the case comes
up, may be another matter ; but I see no
objection to receiving this more than any
other telegraphic dispatch relating to matters
that are likely to come before the Senate.
Mr. CONKLING. The Senator from Illinois
states the usage as I supposed it was, and the
law as I believe it is. If some Senator, as Mr.
Crittenden did once, presents himself without
credentials, and no question is made, he might
be, as Mr. Crittenden was, sworn in. If, on
the other hand, without presenting himself at
all, credentials come naming a Senator, they
are to be acted upon as credentials ; but I
submit to the Senate that this is neither of
those cases. This is the instance of a case in
which we know there is a contest deep-seated,
a contest so radical as to affect the question
which Legislature is entitled to elect, and
whether there is any Legislature at all entitled
to elect. There is nobody here applying to be
sworn in. The time has not arrived when any
man can present himself to be sworn in. At
this time all that the Senate could receive
would be paper evidence, and that, I submit,
must be the only evidence known to the law,
namely, credentials—paper evidence that on
to-morrow such a claim as this might be as-
serted. When Mr. McMillen presents himself
the question will arise whether he should be
sworn in without credentials. When his cre-
dentials are presented the question will be
whether they shall be received or not, whether
they shall be referred to a committee, or
whether they shall be treated as prima facie
evidence of his right. But I still insist, as I
did before the explanation of the Senator from
Illinois, with which I do not differ at all, that
this presents no question whatever. It is a
telegraphic notice that Mr. McMillen may be
here to-morrow, and that there are already in
being papers called credentials, which have
been forwarded to him. When he presents
himself with his credentials the question will
arise ; but I submit there is no question now.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I quite agree that there
is no question to be taken upon these papers,
nor is there on any credentials. The credentials
are presented in advance, and if the creden-
tials of any Senator which are sent here and
laid upon our table were ever so informal, no-
body would raise any question as to their
informality at this session. That question
would come up at the next session. There is
no question on these papers; that is very true.
They are a notification in reference to a mat-
ter that will come before the next Senate; and
that is all that any credentials are. There is
no validity to the credentials of anybody that
are laid upon the table during this session en-
titling him to a seat in the Senate at the next
session. They need not be filed at all; but
the practice has been to send them here in
advance. Of course we have no question on
them. You cannot raise a question upon the
credentials of any Senator elected to the next
Congress at the present time. This Senate
would have no jurisdiction over that question,
and there is no question on these papers that
I can see further than simply a notification in
reference to a matter that will come before
the Senate. I attach but little importance
to it, but I think it would be proper, as they
are addressed to the Vice President, that they
should be received for what they are worth.
Mr. MORTON. This is mere telegraphic
information that Mr. McMillen has been
elected by a mob Legislature. I do not think
the information is important. If it is so re-
garded, it might be sent to the Evening Star.
Certainly it has no business here.
Mr. SHERMAN. I suppose the only way
is to lay the communication on the tabic.
That is all that can be done, whether it is
good or bad.
Mr. CONKLING. Objection is made to its
being received. The Vice President had it
read informally, but the Senator from Louis-
iana objects to its reception.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question of
reception is before the Senate. The Senator
from Louisiana has nsade the point, as he did
previously, on papers from the rival Legis-
lature.
Mr. SHERMAN. It can be received as in
the nature of a memorial from a person pur
porting to be Governor of Louisiana, whether
it be Tom Jones or anybody else. I move to
lay it on the table.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Ohio moves to lay the question of recep-
tion on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
presidential approvals.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. 0. E. Babcock, his Secretary,
announced that the President had on the 1st
instant approved and signed the following
acts:
An aet(S. No. 1482) to amend an act entitled
"An act to promote the development of the
mining resources of the United States;" and
A bill (S. No. 1597) to change and fix the
