1873,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
patents. Were they private persons or parties who
had used these fuses in the same manner, would he
have a claim to damages for that use ? "Would a bill
in equity be sustained against them to enjoin the
iurther unauthorized use of the inventions, with an
account tor past uso ? liad he abandoned his inven-
tions, had he in any way dedicated them to public
use, or had he, by anything done or omitted on his
part, debarred or precluded himself from a recovery
foi such infringment or use? So far as this record
shows, ail these questions must be answered in favor
of the claimant. The fact being conceded or de-
termined that he is the original inventor, and the
uso undisputed, his right in every respect to compen-
sation is complete and perfect; and nothing has
been shown from Which we can infer that he had
relinquished or released that right, that he has do-
nated its use to the United States, or in any wise
abandoned his invention.
" The only remaining question is the amount of
that compensation. Were this an action for infringe-
ment, or a bill to restrain its use with an account of
profits, the rule and measure of damages are well
settled. The actual loss sustained by the patentee
id to be measured by the actual profits or benefits
received by the infringer. And where this cannot be
ascertained with exact and absolute certainty, it is,
as in other cases, to be arrived at as nearly and ap-
proximately as the nature of the case will permit."
The resolution embraced a third patent for
a shell, on which the court found against the
claimant. The resolution also allowed the
court to authorize to be paid to him out of the
Treasury $100,000, which was a proposed com-
promise sum named by him in 1862 for the
Navy fuse patent and the shell, if paid at that
time; and a resolution in 1862 was reported
and remained on the Calendar intended to
comply with this proposition. In 1864, when
another resolution was reported and passed,
his percussion apparatus patent was added to
determine his title and its value or damage to
him under the first and second issues of refer-
ence framed by Congress. It had come into ex-
tensive useinthe mean time for elongated shells
of the rifled cannon and gave them wonderful
effective power in every battle. No change,
however, was made in the wording of the lim-
itation of the resolution as to the $100,000 pro-
posed for his Navy fuse patent. And the court
strictly construed this limitation as authorizing
it to pay out ofthe court fund only §60,666 66$,
and says this limitation embraces the three
patents as claimed ; that for the shell having
failed we are limited to a proportional amount
for the other two inventions; or, in other
words, we have no power to award any sum
beyond the two thirds of $100,000. The actual
value of a reasonable royalty on the fuses used
by the United States since the date of the
claimant's patents would, according to the
opinion of professional aud expert witnesses,
measured by the usual rule, be much greater.
Estimated upon that basis and upon the proofs,
the actual loss to the claimant and the real
gain to the defendants would be little if at all
short of §200,000. But we are precluded from
using this measure of damage for any other
purpose than to ascertain the extent of his just
and equitable right to compensation within
the rule and amount prescribed for us by Con-
gress.
It took seven years to prepare and try the
case in the Court of Claims, and the Supreme
Court afterward denied the motion and dis-
missed the appeal of the United States. The
proofs in the cause show that the petitioner in
due form of law prayed a royalty due him of
fitly cents on each Navy fuse, and of twenty-
iive cento on each percussion apparatus,
amounting in all to $855,128 /5, and declared
in hit!petition, asin equity, practice at $882,500,
and for an account. A reassessment of the
damage, therefore, would show a much greater
sum against the United States, and that the
sum of $200,000, slated by the court as his
actual loss and damage, at a reasonable esti-
mate on the proofs, is really reducing the sum
to the lowest possible amount. _
Prudence on the partol Congress during the
war and the immense and rapid increase of the
use of these patents against the enemies of the
United States no doubt influenced Congress to
iii.st determine, by a general reference, the
amount justly due to this inventor, not to avoid
the just debt when ascertained, but to promptly
and cheerfully pay it. The unpaid balance of
this debt is §183,333 33, and the petitioner
has signified his full and entire willingness to
execute the necessary transfers to vest the en-
tire control of these two patents, and of three
others comprising additions to the system in
use for maritime warfare.
It is scarcely necessary in view of this gen-
eral statement to add that these inventions
gave effect to the shells on the Alabama by
which she was sunk, and they exhibited their
superiority against every vessel, fort, and body
of troops against which they have been em-
ployed ; and the entire Navy and military ser-
vice of the United States use these patents,
the one for the spherical shells of its smooth-
bore guns, and the other patent for the elon-
gated shells of its rifle cannon; that virtually
the petitioner has not been paid anything for
his valuable percussion apparatus patent of
January 24, 1800, and the amount of his actual
loss and damage on this patent is established
at fully $100,000, and that he has not been
paid by the sum of $33,333 33 the amount that
he fully established in the trial, and limited in
his proposal of 1862 as to the patent of Jan-
uary 7, 1862, for the Navy shell fuse, making
together the sum of $133,333 33 unpaid bal-
ance of his loss and damage stated in the
adjudication, and which he now claims in set-
tlement for these patents. Your committee
therefore recommend the passage of the ac-
companying bill for the payment to said Hub-
bell the sum of $133,333 33.
Mr. COGHLAN. Mr. Speaker, as there
has been so much noise during the reading of
the report, perhaps members did not hear it
accurately, and 'I will state in as few words as
possible the reasons why this bill should pass.
In 1846 Mr. Hubbell, of Philadelphia, a
lawyer and professional inventor, having no
connection with the naval or military service,
or with any other branch of the Government,
perfected what is known as the "Navy time
fuse," giving the fuse a property sought for by
the inventors of all countries during many years,
of being accurately timed for the explosion ot
shells. Not only were test shells exploded at
the times desired, but by his patent fuse each
and every shell could be exploded at the
desired moment without the possibility of
failure. When he had perfected his patent,
the then chief of ordnance, Colonel Bomford,
made a contract with Mr. Hubbell binding the
Government for the naval and military service
to pay one dollar royalty for each fuse used.
Under that contract the inventor placed the
description and drawings of that patent in the
secret archives of the Patent Office. In 1846,
or before that time, he also perfected the per-
cussion fuse, which was to be used in rifled
cannon alone. There were then no shell pro-
jectiles used in rifled cannon,, and be kept
that fuse as a secret of his own. In 1860 he
patented his percussion fuse, and in 1862 he
came to Congress and asked pay under the
Bomford contract, but finding that Congress
would not uphold the contract of its officer, he
then asked for relief in the shape of payment
for the use of thousands and hundreds ot
thousands of that fuse, for no other is in use,
or has been used since these were invented,
in the Army and Navy oi the United States.
Finding that he could not get Congress to
uphold that contract, he asked the Govern-
ment to pay him something like a fair royalty,
or at least to refund him the moneys he had
expended in his experiments, for the Govern-
ment of the Uaited States had not paid a dol-
lar to assist his experiments, as they had done
in the case of almost every other inventor.
He asked1 Congress to relieve him of the debt
he had incurred by reason of these experi-
ments, and to refund the money he had paid
out in making them. _ He proposed, if at that
cession we passed a bill for his relief, that he
would take §100,000 for the naval time fuse,
although he would have been entitled to
neary $1,000,000 for it under the contract.
The session of 1861-62 adjourned without
giving him relief, bnt in 1864 a resolution
was passed sending the case to the Court ot
Claims, because Congress could^'not take the
time to investigate a matter involving the
hearing of so much testimony as would neces-
sarily be produced in a case of so much import
ance. By that resolution, sending it to the
Court of Claims, that court is authorized to
give judgment on the naval time fuse and the
percussion fuse, and also in relation to a pat-
ent for naval shells ; their judgment, however,
riot to exceed $100,000. Congress also in-
structed the Court of Claims, in that resolu-
tion, to find, from the evidence, how much
was really due this man for his invention ; in
other words, how much his damage was, and
how much the Government had been benefited,
according to the rules of evidence laid down
in courts of law. After seven years of invest-
igation, the Court of Claims found that this
man, who had given to the Government the
only arm of defense we have which is superior
to that of all other nations, every shell made in
the United States during the whole war being
in accordance with this patent—after he had
waited for seven long years, the Court of
Claims decided, from the evidence, that the
shell was not entirely his own, but that they
would give him judgment for $66,666, being
two thirds of the amount for which Congress
allowed them to give judgment for the three
patents. The court also found, from the evi-
dence, that a reasonable royalty, according to
rules of law and the evidence before the court,
upon his two patents was over $200,000. That
is the language of the decision itselt.
This man came before the court, showed his
case, and asked the court to hear all the testi-
mony. And, after having been fought as no
other man ever was fought by the Government,
before the courts of the United States ; after
seven years of time and nearly $40,000 of
expense, he now comes into Congress and
asks you not to give him a judgment, but to
appropriate money to pay him what the judg-
ment of your courts says is due. i-h'8 is all
that this bill asks; nothing more, nothing less.
It asks you for what your courts have decided
is this man's due. That is allhe asks Con-
gress in this bill; and I believe it is a just and
proper measure.
As the morning hour will expire very sooj,
I will ask that the previous question may be
ordered, and I will then allow half the time to
gentlemen who wish to oppose the bill.
I move the previous question.
Mr. ARCHER, if the previous question
should now be seconded the bill would not
be open to amendment. Being a member of
the Committee on Naval Affairs, 1 have exam-
ined this question, and I think the amount due
to this man is $33,000, instead of $183,000.
Mr. COGHLAN. 1 will allow an amend-
ment to come in after the previous question is
seconded.
Mr. ARCHER. Do I understand that the
gentleman will allow me to offer an amend-
ment to make the amount $33,000?
Mr. COGHLAN. Yes, sir.
Mr. KERR. I hope the previous question
will not be seconded now. This bill ought to
be carefully considered. _ ,
On ordering the previous question, there
were—ayes 34, noes 48; no quorum voting.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
California [Mr. Coghlan] ask for further count?
Mr. SPEER. When would this bill come
up again ?
The SPEAKER. To-morrow morning, or
next Friday morning, if the House should not
be in session to-morrow.
Mr. COGHLAN. I did not so understand
it, or I should not have called the previous
question. 1 ask no further count.
So the previous question was not seconde .
Mr. COGHLAN. I now yield for fave minutes
to the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr.^ J
Mr. KERR. While the report of the com-
