i
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 16,
should not frame oar laws for the accommoda-
tion of careless postmasters. I desire that
this bifl should be now passed in order to
meet the wants of the agricultural community
for the pending season.
Mr. TOWNSKND, of Pennsylvania. I ask
i he gentleman to allow my substitute to be
rem).
Mr. BUTLER,, of Massachusetts. I am
content to hear it read.
lhe Clerk read as follows:
Strike out all after the enacting clause and insert
Un> tollowing:
Thai n-i tious one huudred and thirty-three and
one hundred ;ind thirty-t'our ot the act entitled "An
act tn revise, consolidate, and amend the statutes,
relating to the 1'ost Office Department," approved
June S, 1ST-, be so amended as to authorise the
transmission by mail of packages ot seeds, cuttings,
bullis. roots, and scions ot any weight, for each of
such packages, nut exceeding four pounds, at a rate
of imstage of two cents for every four ounces and
fractions of an ounce of such package or packages.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I accept
the gentleman's substitute ; it is exactly what
1 meant to propose. I modify my motion to
Mispend the rules so as to apply to the gentle-
inau's substitute instead of my bill.
Mr. DAWES. In connection with this bill
I would like to make an inquiry as to another
matter. Without desiring to oppose this
measure, which I think a wise one, I wish to
inquire concerning another change in our
postal laws, growing out of the recent revision.
I refer to the change in the rate of postage
upon matter which has been underpaid. Before
lhe enactment of the recent postal code there
was collected at the end of the route upon
matter underpaid the deficit iu the amount
required for full prepayment of such matter.
But under the present law there is collected
at the end of the route in such cases double
the amount of the unpaid postage. I desire
to know whether the Post Office Committee
consider that such a provision of law should
be continued.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. There is no diffi-
culty in the law.
Mr. DAWES. That is the construction.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. It is the construc-
tion given by the Post Office Department.
That matter also is bei'ore the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads. The sec-
tions on which the Postmaster General bases
his construction received the special attention
of the committee of conference. They have
been construed by the Postmaster General as
requiring the payment of double postage in
such cases.
Mr. DAWES. It was not the intention to
impose additional postage?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. No, sir.
Mr. L. MYERS. I wish to present an
amendment to correct that defect. I do not
wish to prevent the passage of the resolution.
The SPEAKER. The regular order has
been demanded.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Both bills on the
subject of seeds and cuttings are before the
committee. We shall meet to-morrow to con-
sider the question. I f the House thinks it best
in this crude manner to pass the bill, and take
it out of the possession of the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads, very well;
but it seems to me best that the Committee
shonld be allowed to consider the matter on
which it will be called to report so very soon.
The rules were suspended, (two thirds voting
in favor thereof,) and the bill (H. R. No.
3248) was passed.
WINONA AND ST. PETBR RAILROAD
Mr. DUNNELL. Mr. Speaker, I move to
suspend the rules for the purpose of parsing a
bill (H. li. No. 3005) for the extension of time
to the Winona and St. Peter Railroad Com-
pany for the completion of its road ; and I ask
unanimous consent that I may be permitted to
make a short statement in explanation of the
bill itself.
The SPEAKER. How much time does the
guntleman want?
Mr. DUNNELL. I ask for only five min-
utes.
There was no objection, and leave was ac-
cordingly granted.
Mr. DUNNELL. Mr. Speaker, a few days
ago when this bill was up before the House a
letter was read from the general manager of
the Winona and St. Peter Railroad Company
addressed to myself. It set forth the rea-
sons why an extension of time is asked for
as provided in this bill. The bill provides
simply for an extension of time for six months.
The grant given this road will expire, accord-
ing to its terms, on the 2d of March, 1873.
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. I hope the gentle-
man from Minnesota will first allow the bill to
be read, so that we may know what it is, and
he cau make his explanation afterward.
Mr. DUNNELL. Very well.
The bill, which was read, provides that the
time for the completion of tiie railroad from
Winona, in Minnesota, via St. Peter, to a point
on the Big Sioux river, south of the forty-
fifth parallel of north latitude, as limited in
the act extending the time for the completion
of certain land-grant railroads in the States
of Iowa and Minnesota, approved March 3,
1865, be extended for six months from the
expiration of the time limited in that act; and
if completed within the six months, the rail-
road shall be entitled to the benefit of the
several provisions of that act, in the same
manner as if the road had been fully com-
pleted within the time therein mentioned.
The SPEAKER. It is on this bill which
has just been read that the gentleman moves
to suspend the rales; and the House has
allowed him five minutes to explain it.
Mr. DUNNELL. Mr. Speaker, I would
state for the information of the House that in
March last there were one hundred and fifty-
five miles of this road to be completed. The
company proceeded with full force, energy, and
1 promptness to the completion of the road. On
the 12th of November last the company had
' purchased and carried on to the track every
rail, spike, splice, and tie needed. There was
no expectation or desire to have any more
time for the cempletion of this road. Indeed,
1 they were so sanguine they Would complete it
within the time, that they had already com-
menced preparations for the celebration of its
completion. This letter which' was read to
the House recites the fact that on the 12th of
November there set in a storm which lasted
six days, a blinding snow storm which cut off
1 the completion of the work. Some eight hun-
dred men who were engaged on it had to cut
j their way out the best they could. The efforts
' then made to rescue the men, and the efforts
which have since been made to carry on the
work, hav<i caused eleven first-class engines to
be blocked up to-day in the snow, the result
of that snow-storm. All the cuts have been
filled.
There is no evidence that the company has
not pressed with energy and promptness the
building of the road. Every dollar has been
expended save in the employment of the men
which will be necessary to complete the road.
It would have b«en completed prior to this
date, and the cars would have been running
to the further end of the road, three hundred
and fifty-five miles, but for the early setting in
of winter. What they want is, not any more
time than we have now, because we have ample
time within which to complete the road.
But it is ntterly impossible, let me say to
the House, to complete tftis road in this win-
ter season of the year. It is impossible for
the company to go on and complete it without
hazarding the lives of hundreds of men whose
services would be reqired to remove the snow
out of those cuts, in some instances from fif-
teen to twenty feet deep. Hundreds of men,
if not thousands, will be required to cut oat the
snow and effect the completion of the road.
And this company has acted with such prompt-
ness and energy and good will toward the
settlers along its line, t"hat everywhere through-
out the State there is a demand for this further
time to be given.
I wish to say this, further, that there is no
wood after passing New Ulm, for a distance
of one hundred and fifty miles, to run the
engines and do the first day's work. Beyond
that point the supply trains must come back
to New Ulm, not only to get their provisions
and stores, but also to supply themselves with
wood.
Now, the simple question for the House to
determine is, shall this company be compelled,
during this month of December and during
January and February, to complete a road
which it is in their power to complete, but
which it is not possible to complete without
imperiling the life of every workman? As
gentlemen are aware, it was telegraphed all
over the country that nearly one thousand
men in my State were blockaded. That was
true. The excitement and the anxiety were
intense. What, I ask then, Mr. Speaker, is
that this House shall simply allow this com-
pany to do next May and next June what it
would have done in November and Decem-
ber but for the overruling of Providence and
the setting in of a winter unprecedented in
severity. Let me state also that before the
setting in of winter this road employed its
force in carrying in wood and supplies for the
citizens along that line. But for this they
might have employed more of their force in
the completion of the road; and there comes
up, therefore, from the settlers all along the
line an earnest appeal that the road shall have
this extension of time. I ask that the letter
which I hold in my hand be published in the
Globe as a part of my speech.
There was no objection, and it was so
ordered.
The letter is as follows :
Office Winona and St. Peter R. R. Co..
December 2, 1872.
Dear Sib : I beg leave to submit for your consider-
ation the following statement of facts affecting the
land grant to this company:
You are aware that Congress granted to the State
of Minnesota lands to aid in the construction of a
railroad from Winona to the Big Sioux river, a dis-
tance of about three hundred and twenty-five miles.
This grant expires, by limitation, on the 2d day
of March, A. D. 1873. The law of the State confer-
ring the grant upon this company required the
building of thirty miles of road in each year. This
fro vision has been complied with, and in March
ast the road had been completed from Winona to
New Ulm, a distance of about one hundred and
seventy miles.
j The country from New Ulm to the Big Sioux river
is all prairie land, with J>ut little timber upon the
banks of the streams. The settlements beyond New
Ulm are very few. It has been only during the pres-
ent year that the public lands have been surveyed
to the western boundary line of the State,
i No appropriation having been made for the sur-
i: veys in Dakota. Territory adjacent to the line, this
company, in August last, advanced $10,600 to the
11 Commissioner of the General Land Office to defray
the expenses of the surveys to the western terminus.
That work is now in process of completion.
On the 1st of March last the company had one
hundred and fifty-fire miles of road to complete
before Mtrch 2,1873, if it complied with the terms
of the grant. At that date seventy-five miles of
this line were beyond all settlements and all surveys
of the public lands.
The company entered into contracts with responsi-
ble parties for the completion of the grading and
bridging before January 1,1873. They purchasod
and have paid for all the iron, ties, and fastenings
necessary to complete the whole line, and have
delivered them ready for use.
The grading for the whole distance to the Big
Sioux river was so nearly completed on the 12th
day of November last that the force then employed
would have finished it in ten days. The bridging
was all completed for one hundred and seventeen
miles. The last two bridges were ready for tho
superstructure, whieh is upon the ground ready to
be raised. A small number of culverts and short
pieces of pile-work were only to be put in place to
complete the bridging of the entire line.
One hundred and seventeen miles of iron have
been laid, and the track is nearly all surfaced and
ballasted ready for traffic.
On the 12th day of November last there were but
thirty-eight miles of iron to lay. Everything was
in readiness to oomplete the work, it was hoped, by
the 1st, certainly by the 15th day of December,
instant. But on that day—the 12th day of No-
vember—a storm of wind and snow, accompanied
by extreme cold, broke upon the line, of a force and
severity entirely unpreeedonted in the history of
