1372.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
225
thai State. It continued without intermission for
s.*d;\\j>. The siio w dntted into the " cute," render-
ing it inih ssible to run trains' upon the completed
portions of the line west of New Tim. The con-
struction trams were blocked, and the force em-
ployed upon the work were suddenly and completely
cut off trom all communication with the rest of the
hue.
A relief train reached the main force after ten
• d:ivs of severe exertion, and every man, woman, and
child was brought out iu safety. The suffering from
c^ld and exposure had beeu great, but no lives were
lost.
Eight locomotive engines and a large number of
cars were left disabled upon the liue.
After the storm had subsided, a strong party was
organised and seut with three first-class engines to
bring out the disabled locomotives and cars. The
form again broke out. and after proceeding forty
miles west ot New Tim. they were forced to abandon
their train and return to that place on foot, leav ing
eleven tirst-cl.iss engines and lar^e numbers of oars
buried in the snow upon the tracK.
The company has not abandoned its purpose of
completing the line to the Big Sioux river. The
work can still be accomplished by the organization
of a new force of laborers sufficient to cover the en-
tire line with men to keep tho snow from the track.
They must be provided with fuel, food, and shelter,
all of which must be taken into the country.
This will add enormously to the expense of the
work, and subject all so employed to the hazards of
a winter of unparalleled severity. But the company
believe no possible good can result, either to tbe
Government or the people, from this increased ex*
pendimre and exposure.
There u rot a solitary ^'settler" upon tho uncom-
pleted portion of the line. There is no business
whatever to bedone upon it. The work can easily
be finished in sixty days during the next summer,
and in time to accommodate the large emigration
the building of the line is expected to attract into
that region.
The company believe they have amply attested
their determination and ability to comply with the
requirements of the acts of Congress.
An extension of the time for six months only is
necessary to enable it to complete the line, without
unnecessary expense or danger from exposure.
Tins line being in your district, you are already
familiar with the leading facts, and the company re-
spectfully ask your assistance in procuring this legis-
lation.
I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,
JAMES fl. HOWE,
General Manager H'. <£? St. P. H. R. Go.
Uon. M. II. Duxnkll,
House a/ Representative*, Washington* D. C.
MRSSAGK PROM TUB PRESIDENT.
Mr. Babcock, Private Secretary of the Presi-
dent, appeared at the bar, and communicated
to the House of Representatives a message in
writing from the President of the United
States.
ST. PETER AND WINONA RAILROAD.
Mr. HOLM AN. I do not desire to ask for
time to debate this subject. The House is
fully acquainted with the facts of the case.
This is one of the most extensive grants ever
made by the Government within the limits of
any one of the States. It is a part of a system
which has riddled the State of Minnesota all
over with land grants iu every conceivable
direction. And if it is to be the policy of the
Government by special acts from time to time
to extend these grants, why it will be as well
to leave them without any limit whatever.
The sentiment of the country is against the
policy upon which these grants were made.
The sentiment of the country is that these
grants ought to be annulled ; that, instead of
perpetuating them from time to time, the true
policy of the Government where it can be done
without violating any contract, and without
bad faith, is to allow these grants to lapse, in-
stead of perpetuating them. We have in for-
mer cases granted an extension where there
Heemed to be a plausible reason why it should
be granted. Such a case is now before us.
But we act upon precedents everlastingly. The
law of precedent is the law of this House, and
the strong pressure which may exist in any
particular case in favor of a given piece of
legislation only lays the foundation for further
legislation.
I thought, sir, that in the last session of this
Congress we had finally and forever settled the
policy, so far as the men who are now con-
nected with public affairs are concerned, that
no further grant should be given. I desire to
see the Government^go one step further, and
the members of this'Congress go one step fur-
42d Cong. 3d Sess.—No. 15.
! ther in conformity with the demand of public
opinion, that wherever the terms of a grant
are not fulfilled to the letter, if it can be done
without injustice and without bad faith, the
grant shall cease to be of any operative force.
Mr. HOAR. Will the gentleman allow me
to ask him a question?
Mr. HOLM AN. Certainly.
Mr. HOAR. The gentleman from Indiana
[Mr. Hoi.max] is a very good lawyer, and I
would like to ask him whether the case stated
by the gentleman from Minnesota [Mr. Bun-
nell] is not one in which if between pri-
vate parties a court of equity would grant
relief?
Mr. HOLMAN. If the transaction were a
contract, I presume it would. If it were a
matter of contract, the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts very well knows that the court of
chancery would not attach any importance to
the question of time. But here is a mere gra-
tuity in the beginning, a mere naked gratuity,
without any consideration, and a most valuable
gift to the body of men composing this cor-
poration.
Mr. MAYNARD. Will my friend from
Indiana allow me to ask him a question?
Mr. HOLMAN. Certainly, sir.
Mr. MAYNARD. It is whether he thinks
these land grants can be called contracts
between the Government and the benefi-
ciaries 
Mr. HOLMAN. They are certainly not
corft racts
Mr. MAYNARD. And whether he thinks,
to use a well-understood phrase of law, that
time is an essence of the contract ?
Mr. HOLMAN. It would not be in a court
of chancery, but happily we are not sitting as
I a court of chancery in this ease. Here is a
] case where, without any consideration, a vast
I grant of lands has been given to the body of
gentlemen who are now asking to have the
, benefits of that grant still further enlarged.
!| Mr. STEVENSON. It was a gift upon a
I condition-precedent.
Mr. HOLMAN. As my friend from Ohio
says, a gift upon a condition-precedent, and I
insist that the conditions should be performed
1 in reference to all these grants heretofore
I mo.de.
Mr. DUNNELL. I ask a vote on my
motion.
Mr. STEVENSON. I hope, as the gentle-
man has been indulged by the House, he will
inform the House how much land will be af-
. fected by this bill.
Mr. DUNNELL. The lands upon all the
thirty-eight miles of the road over which the
track has not yet been laid. The gentleman
will see by the letter which has been read that
there are but thirty-eight miles of this road
over which the track has not been laid. The
road is all graded; the bridges are all built;
but the men simply could not handle the iron
and the hammers and the nails during the
month of November.
Mr. STEVENSON. One question ; I would
like to know how much land the company will
lose if it fails to comply with the terms of
the law.
Mr. DUNNELL. I suppose it will lose all
the lands alongside of these thirty-eight miles.
Mr. STEVENSON. Would it not lose all
! the lands that it has not sold already?
j Mr. DUNNELL. I do not understand that
it will.
Mr. STEVENSON. That is how I under-
; stand it.
Mr. DUNNELL. I do not.
II Mr. COX. As the House has allowed the
gentleman from Minnesota some time in stat-
ing this case, I want to put ina protest against
this bill being made a precedent hereafter.
Nearly all these land grant cases are based
upon some action of this House, and this case
is especially based upon the argumentum ad
i miseri cordiatn. This is a case which it is
II hard for members to vote against under all
the circumstances, but it ought not to be
drawn into a precedent hereafter.
The gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Hoar] has brought forward the argument so
often presented here that the Government has
been making contracts with these men, when
we have a perfect right to repeal the whole
grant. We are not bound by any constitu-
tional provision not to repeal whenever we
choose any portion of the grant; and I wa:it
I it understood that if this bill passes no prece-
j dent is created for the future. I suppose the
| bill will pass, for it is a strong case, but I
protest that it shall not be regarded as an
entering-wedge for other measures.
Mr. HOLMAN. The general bulk of the
lands included in this grant are not subject to
any limitation as to price, but may be sold by
the company at any price whatever. I hope
that my friend from Minnesota will consent
that in consideration of this additional gratuity
the lands yet to accrue to the company shall
be sold to actual settlers at $2 50 an acre.
Mr. DUNNELL. No, I could not consent
to that.
Mr. HOLMAN. I think my friend does
not understand me. If the work fails to be
constructed in time a certain amount of land
reverts to the Government. If this bill passes
and those lands are left to the company, will
my friend consent that they shall be sold to
actual settlers at $2 50 au acre ?
Mr. DUNNELL. No, sir; I cannot.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I must insist
upon the regular order.
Mr. DUNNELL. This bill must pass
through Congress before the holidays or else
the company will derive no benefit from it.
The matter should be settled now, and I can-
not believe the House will disregard the pecu-
liar circumstances and position of the case.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I desire to make
an inquiry.
The SPEAKER. The regular order is
called for.
Mr. MAYNARD. Is this the road that was
snowed up a short time since ?
Mr. SAWYER. It is.
Mr. DUNNELL. There are now eleven
first-class engines snowed in.
The question was taken upon suspending
the rules and passing the bill; and upon a
division there weri—ayes 117, noes 22.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. STEVENSON called for the yeas and
nays.
The question was taken upon ordering the
yeas and nays ; and there were twenty-one in
the affirmative; not one fifth of the last vote.
Before the result of this vote was an-
nounced,
Mr. STEVENSON said: I ask for tellers
on ordering the yeas and nays. Let us go on
record, and let the country see what platforms
are worth.
Thequestion was taken upon ordering tellers;
and there were twenty-two in the affirmative ;
not one fifth of a quorum.
So tellers were not ordered, and theyeasand
nays were not ordered.
Accordingly (two thirds voting in favor
thereof) the rules were suspended and the bill
was passed.
J. ERNEST MKIRK.
Mr. MERRICK moved to so suspend the
rules as to pass a bill for the removal of the
political disabilities of J. Ernest Meire, of the
State of Maryland.
Mr. HAZELTON, of Wisconsin. Is this
bill accompanied by a petition?
Mr. MERRICK. It is. Let the Clerk
read it.
The Clerk read as follows :
Washington, D. C., December 16,1872.
To the Congress of the United States
Your petitioner, a citizen of the State of Mary-
land, at present a resident of the eity of Washing-
ton, humbly prays that he may be relieved of his
political disabilities incurred under the fourteenth
