1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1189
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. BANKS. Mr. Speaker, has not the
morning hour expired?
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
expired.
Mr. BANKS. Then I call for the regular
order.
Mr. DAWES. I ask unanimous consent to
bring before the House the Boston relief bill.
Mr. BANKS. Under the regular order of
proceeding I have the floor upon the fishery
bill.
Mr. DAWES. I wish my colleague would
yield for a few moments.
Mr. BANKS. I would yield with the great-
est pleasure, were I not fearful that this bill
may lose its position, and I be censured for
having abandoned a measure which ought cer-
taily to be considered.
Mr. DAWES. I trust my colleague will
heat me for a moment. That is a public bill;
this is in the nature of a private bill.
Mr. BANKS. No, it is not a private bill.
Mr. DAWES. I say it is in the nature of a
private bill; and more properly comes up to-
day.
Mr. BANKS. The bill which I have in
charge is not in any sense a private bill. I
would yield to my colleague, if I could do so
consistently with fidelity to my duties.
Mr. DAWES. That is the difficulty with
me.
Mr. PLATT. The difficulty with me is I
cannot yield the floor to gentlemen to make
their motions, as I rise to ask permission of
ihe House to present a bill referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs, with permission
to report at any time.
Mr. DAWES. Not having the floor, I do
not see how the gentleman from Virginia can
make his motion.
The SPEAKER. That does not give the
gentleman from Virginia the right to take
another gentleman from the floor. A confer-
ence report or a motion to suspend the rules
mid go into Committee of the Whole only can
take the gentleman from the floor.
MINT LAWS.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. _ Mr.
Speaker, 1 rise for the purpose of submitting
a report of a committee of conference, which
I ask the Cierk to read.
The Clerk read as follows:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes ot the two Houses on the bill (II. It. No. 2934)
levying and amending the laws relative to the mints
and assay offices and coinage of the United States,
having met, after lull and free conference have
agreed to recommend, and do recommend to their
respective Houses, as follows:
That the House recede from its disagreement to
the amendments of the Senate numbered 1, 2, 3, 5,
7, 10,11, 13,14,15, 16, 17,18, and 20; and agree to the
same. , ,
That the SeDate recede from its fourth amend-
ment, and agree to the words proposed to be stricken
out, with thefollowing amendments: after theword
" by." in line sixteen, insert natural;' in ljnes
seventeen and eighteen strike out the words on
the double-eagle and eagle, and one per cent, on
the other coins: " and in line nineteen, after law,
insert the words "after a circulation of twentyyears,
as shown by its date of coinage, and at a ratable
proportion ior any period less than twenty years;
and the House agree tothesame,
That the House recede from its disagreement to
the sixth amendment of. the Senate, and agroe to the
same with the following amendments: m line five
strike out the word "grains" at the end of the line,
and insert in lieu theroof " grams (grammes;,,) and
in line :-ix strike out "grain" and insert gram
(gramme; ") and the Senate agree to the same.
That the House recede from its disagreement to
the eighth amendment of the Senate, and agree to
the same with the following amendments:, after
"silver'' insert "trade;" strike outthe words halt
dollar, quarter dollar, and the dime, respectively,
there shall be inscribed," and the word the be-
fore "fineness; " and after ' com/' at the end ot tne
amendment, insert the words "shall be inscribed;
and the Senate agree to the same.
That the House recede from its disagreement to
the ninth amendment of the Senate, and agree to
the same with ail amendment, as follows: strike out
the words proposed to be inserted, together with the
remainder of the section, and in lieu thereof insert
the following: "that any owner of silver bullion
may deposit the same at any mint to be formed into
bars or into dollars of the weight of four hundred
and twenty grains troy, designated in this act as
trade dollars, and no deposit of silver for other coin-
age shall be received; but silver bullion contained
in gold deposits, and separated therefrom, may be
paid for in silver coin at such valuation as may be
from time to time established by the Director of the
Mint; " and the Senate agree to thosauae.
That the House recede from its disagreement to
the tweltth amendment of the Senate, and agree to
the same with amendments, as follows: strike out
the words proposed to be inserted, and insert after
" for," in line three, section twenty-six, the words
"converting standard silver into trade dollars, for.
melting and; " and in line three, strike oat " the;"
and the Senate agree to the same.
That the House recede from its disagreement to
the nineteenth amendment.of the Senate, and agree
to the same.with an amendment as follows: insert
after " New York." in line eight, page 36, of the bill
the words " the United States assay office at Char-
lotte, North Carolina;" and the Senate agree to the
same,
S. HOOPER,
WM. L. STOUGHTON,
T. W. McNEliLY,
Managers on the part, of the House.
JOHN SHERMAN,
JOHN SCOTT.
T. F. BAYARD,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
The report was adopted.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts, moved to
reconsider the vote by which'the report was
adopted; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
qkdjslt of business.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Mr. Speaker, I
move that the rules be suspended, and the
House resolve itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union for the pur-
pose of taking up and considering the Military
Academy appropriation bill.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state the
order of business. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts, [Mr. Dawes,] the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means, asks unani-
mous consent to have the Boston relief bill
considered at this time.
Mr. HANKS. I object.
-The SPEAKER. Then the chairman of the
Committee on Foreign Affairs [Mr. Banks]
desires to proceed with the consideration of
the regular order, which is a bill (H. R. No.
488) to carry into effect the provisions of the
treaty between the United States and Great
Britain, signed in the city of Washington the
8th day of May, 1871, relating to the fisheries.
Mr. KING. Before the gentleman pro-
ceeds to the consideration of that bill, I should
like to ask him a question.
Mr. PLATT. Does it require unanimous
consent to take up the fishery bill?
The SPEAKER. It does not require unani-
mous consent. Then the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Hawley] has charge of a bill to
secure the public lands to actual settlers, and
in order that its position may be perfectly un-
derstood, the Chair will have read the precise
way in which it is docketed on the Calendar
of the House.
The Clerk read as follows:
"A bill (H. R. No. 2117) to secure the public lands
to actual settlers. The main question ordered and
reconsidered, when the morning hour expired.
"April 4. Postponed until April 24, at two p. m.,
special order for that time to the exclusion of all
other orders, (reports of Ways and Means, and Ap-
propriations excepted.) and from day to day there-
after until disposed of."
The SPEAKER. That makes the order
somewhat higher than that called up by the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Banks ]
Mr. BANKS. I believe I have the floor.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has recog-
nized the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Banks.]
Mr. BANKS. 1 have only a very few words
to say in reference to this bill.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I rise to a ques-
tion of order. I have made the motion that
the House shall go into Committee of the
Whole. ,
Mr. BANKS. The gentleman had not the
[ floor for that purpose
S The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Garfield] had the right to raise the
question of consideration.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I do raise the
question of consideration, and move that the
House resolve itself into Committee of the
Whole on the special order, the Military
Academy appropriation bill.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mas-:
sachusetts [ Mr. Banks] wishes to make an ex-
planation with reference to the bill which is a
special order for to-day.
Mr. BANKS. Ifthe House is to go into
Committee of the Whole I do not wish to make
my explanation.
The SPEAKER. The motion of the gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Garfield] would take
precedence of the business in charge of the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Banks,]
and of the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Hawley. ]
Mr. BANKS. I desire to say a word on
the question of precedence. 1 had the floor
yesterday on this bill. I yielded, on my own
motion, to the gentleman from Ohio, to allow
the House to go into Committee of the Whole.
I did not oppose that, because the business of
the Committee of the Whole was unfinished.
But now, when the House resumes the regular
order of business, I am upon the floor in sup-
port of the bill which I have reported from toe
Committee on Foreign Affairs; and I submit
that the gentleman from Ohio cannot take me
from the floor by any motion. It is only when
he can obtain the floor that he has a right to
make that motion.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks differ-
ently.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. And I made
the motion before the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts took the floor.
The SPEAKER. On a special order a
gentleman has the right to raise the question
of consideration, or to interpose a motion to
go to business on the Speaker's table, or into
Committee of the Whole on a special order,
on a motion to suspend the rules.
Mr. PLATT. I wish to ask the Chair how
the gentleman from Ohio got the floor. At the
close of the morning hour I was on my feet,
asking the Chair to hear me, along with the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Banks,]
who was recognized by the Chair.
The SPEAKER. But the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Garfield] is making a motion
which it is the duty of the Chair to submit
against any other business.
Mr. PLATT. How can the gentleman
make the motion when he has not the floor ?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from
Ohio has the right to make that motion. The
rules specifically giv£ him the floor for that
purpose.
Mr. PLATT. I contend that there has not
been a moment since the morning hour closed
when the gentleman could have got the floor.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I desire to ask
the Chair whether a motion to suspend the
rules, and go into Committee of the Whole,
can take a gentleman from the floor ?
The SPEAKER. Strictly and literally speak-
ing, it requires the statement of the motion
in this form : that the House do now proceed
to business on the Speaker's table, and, pend-
ing that, that the House go into Committee of
the Whole. It is merely a circuitous form of
reaching the same result. When the gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mr. Banks] called
up the special order, the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Garfield] had the right to make
the motion in that form; or he can raise the
question of consideration, which is, will the
House now proceed with this business? xhe
gentleman has preferred the more direct way
of submitting whether the House prefers to go
into Committee of the Whole. _
Mr BANKS. I ask how it is with the
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Hawley] who
has charge of the bill which is made a special
order, to the exclusion of all.otber orders ?
