1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2149
as a member covering the time for which he
was contesting, the House requiring him to pay
back into the contingent fund the money they
had already paid him, and he did it; the order
of the House at that time not paying contesting
fees in favor of members holding seats, they
being paid by their salaries and fighting their
own battles in putting in the evidence which
would enable them to stay in. Afterward the
House adopted a different rule, it appears from
this statement; I never knew it before; and
they not only pay the contestant who is de-
feated, but they pay the member who wins in
addition to his salary whatever expenses they
think it may be proper to pay. Having changed
the law, they go back to this gentleman and
say they will give him the ex post facto benefit
of this change in the law of their procedure.
If we do it tor him, why not for those in pre-
ceding Congresses? Why not change it clear
back and provide for all cases of that char-
sctftr ?
Mr. WEST. Will the Senator allow me to
ask him a question ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Certainly.
• Mf. WEST. Assuming that these parties
had not been returned, assuming that in place
of Mr. Mokey being reelected, John Smith
had been elected, would he not have been
paid back to the 4th of March ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Oh, yes; John Smith
would have been paid undoubtedly. He is a
historical character. Assuming that a differ-
ent state of facts had occurred, we may assume
perhaps that there would be a different rule
of law. I do not know. It does sometimes
happen that facts make some difference with
what is done in a given case. But this, I con-
fess, appears to me to be one of the barest
cases of going back of the rule of the House
and undertaking to say that you will favor one
man by giving him a sum of money for a time
when he was not entitled to it, and upon prin-
ciple nobody else at that time was entitled
either.
Mr. CASSERJjY. It seems to me there is
a twofold objection to this appropriation. One
is that the appropriation was not inserted in
the bill by the House. It strikes me that the
reason given for that by the Senator from
Louisiana is no reason whatever; that is to
say, that it was ruled out on some mistake
under a point of order.
Mr. WEST. There was no mistake. It was
ruled out on a point of order.
Mr. CASSERLY. Ruled out on a point
of order and it had not been offered earlier
under a mistaken impression as to what might
be done by a resolution of the House 1 There-
fore there was a mistake, and there was a
ruling out on a point of order, as I stated.
There is a further objection now, it seems, that
the effect of this appropriation is to pajf Mr.
Mokey twice over for the same period ottime
as a member of the House of Representatives;
that is to say, to give him $3,000 for a period
when he was not a member for that part of
the Congress for which he was not a member,
and he also gets his whole pay forthe full
term of the Congress by virtue of his subse-
quent election, so that he is to be paid twice.
The result is that what the House of Repre-
sentatives did not think of doing the Commit-
tee on Appropriations asks the Senate to do
in favor of this gentleman, to the extent and
of the character that I have stated.
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Car-
penter in the chair) put the question on the
amendment, and declared that the noes
appeared to prevail.
Mr. WEST. I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 23, nays 24; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alcorn, Ames, Caldwell, Clayton,
Cole, Corbett, Flanagan, Hill, Hitchcock, Lewis,
Morton, Norwood, Pool, Kamsey, li'co, Rooei tson,
Sawyer. Spencer, Sprague, lipton, Vickers, West,
"NAYS- iters. Blair, Buckingham Carpenter,
Cosserly Chandler, Cooper, Davis, Mmunds. Gil-
bert, Goldthwaite, Hamilton of Maryland, Howo,
Kelly, Machen, Morrill of Vermont, Nye, Osborn,
Pratt, Schurz, Scott, Sherman, Stevenson, Trum-
bull, and Wright—24
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Boreman,
Brownlow, Cameron, Cragin, Conkling, Fenton,
Ferry of Connecticut. Ferry of Michigan, Freling-
huysen,Hamilton of Texas, Hamlin, Harlan, John-
ston, Logaii, Morrill of Maine, .Patterson, Pomeroy,
Ransom, Saulsbury, Stewart, Stockton, Sumner,
Thurman, and Wilson—26.
So the amendment was rejected.
The next amendment was on page 32, after
line seven hundred and seventy-seven, to
insert the following:
To enable the Clerk of the House of Representa-
tives to pay to J. H. Sypiieb the amount refunded by
him to the contingent fund of the House by resolu-
tion of the House of Representatives of December
12,1870. being the amount prtid him for expenses as
contestant in the Forty-First Congress by resolution
of the House of Representatives of June 2,1867,
84,000 is hereby appropriated.
The PRESIDING OFFICER put the ques-
tion on'the amendment, and declared that the
noes appeared to prevail.
Mr. WEST. .1 ask for a division. The
amendment can be reserved in the Senate if it
is dpsired. ,
Mr. EDMUNDS. You can reserve it on
the other side.
Mr. WEST. I ask that the question be
submitted again so that Senators may under-
stand it.
Mr. CASSERLY. I ask to have the amend-
ment read. I think a large majority of the
Senate do not know what it is.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment.
The question being again put, thete were on
a division—ayes 16, noes 19; no quorum
voting.
Mr. WEST. I call for the yeas and nays._
Mr. COLE. I suggest that we divide again.
We are wasting time which is of great value.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from Louisiana withdraw the call for
the yeas and nays ?
Mr. WEST. Yes, sir; if we can have
another division.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I think we had better
have the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. COLE. I was requested this morning
by'the chairman of the Committee on Appro-
priations of the House, if possible, to have the
deficiency bill ready for submission to that
body by one o'clock to-day. It is now one
o'clock, and we have made this morning but
very little progress in the consideration of the
amendments to this bill. I hope we may have
a vote upon the other amendments, after this
one, upon which the yeas and hays are now
called has been disposed of, in the most ex-
peditious manner, so that we may get through
with the bill in time to have it before the House
at some reasonable hour. We ought not to
spend more than an hour or two further upon
it, I am very certain. .
Mr. EDMUNDS. That would have been a
good thing to have thought of when the Com-
mittee on Appropriations were saddling this
bill with all manner of amendments of this
character, Indian claims and claims for pay
twice over, and all manner of things, which
may be extremely virtuous in themselves if
we had time on separate bills to consider
them; but if the chairman of the "Committee
on Appropriations was exceedingly anxious to
hurry up this bill he might better have re-
ported it as the House of Representatives sefit
it to us substantially, instead of bringing in
these disputable questions which never can
make headway when we have plenty of time,
but which always seem to appear when there is
no time to have a fair discussion of them.
Mr. COLE. The Senator, I think, makes
an unnecessary imputation against the Com-
mittee on Appropriations.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I make no imputation,
by any means.
Mr. COLE. This bill is not loaded down
with many amendments ; there are very few
upon it, much fewer than are usually found
upon the deficiency appropriation bill. We
are now acting under the five-minutes rule,
and if the yeas and nays are not called we may
be able to dispose of the very few amendments
that are yet undisposed of in a reasonable
time. As I stated at the outset, there is
nothing in the bill of consequence upon which
we shall have to decide except matters with
which the Senate are familiar. The proposi-
tions relating to the Indian department are
propositions that the Senate are familiar with,
and are as ready to vote upon without long
discussion as they will be after further elabor-
ate discussion. I hope we may vote on the
amendments and that Senators will do us the
kindness to give attention when tile amend-
ments are read, and vote upon them after one
reading without calling for their reading re-
peatedly.
Mr. CONKLING. The Senator from Cal-
ifornia has my whole sympathy in bis effort to
get the bill to the House by one o'clock; but I
say to him if he wants to get it there by one
o'clock, particularly by one o'clock this after-
noon, he had better let go of these Indian appro-
priations. The Senate is familiar with some
things about them, and he may rely upon it
that the appropriations proposed upon this bill
will not leave the Senate favorably considered
very soon, although the five-minutes rule does
prevail. Here is $1,600,000 in one case which
has been rejected over and over again by both
Houses. If my friend supposes that amend-
ments like that are to be put on this bill, and
go without let or hiuderance under the five-
minutes rule or any other rule, I am sure he
will be disappointed.
Mr. COLE. The Senator shows how little
attention he has given to the bill when be
speaks of that $1,000,000 appropriation as an
amendment of the Senate.
Mr. CONKLING. I do not speak of it as
an amendment of the Senate. I beg my
friend's pardon; I do not want him to put in
my mouth what I did not say. I speak of
that because it stands first in the bill. I know
the House put it in, and then, imitating the
example of the House, the committee of which
the Senator is the head has followed it with
various codicils and riders of the same sort.
Mr. COLE. They do not refer to that
proposition. The Senator alluded to it as an
amendment of the Seriate, which it is not.
The Senate is ready to vote upon that. All
the committee want is a vote.
Mr. WEST. I ought to say one word in
reply to the Senator from California in regard
to this case. It is not a pleasant subject to
intrude upon the Senate. I think we have
had enough of Louisiana here lately; but I
deem it my duty to present the case as it is.
The Senator says if this amendment is adopted
it will be paying this gentleman twice. I say
to the Senator that this gentleman has' been
paid for his whole term in Congress, but that
his expenses for contesting his election have
been deducted from his pay. Let me state
that again: he has been paid for his full term,
but his expenses have been deducted. Now,
this proposition is to pay him his expenses for
contesting his election. The original resolu-
tion declared that he should be paid $4,000
in full for the time spent and expenses in-
curred in prosecuting his claim to a seat in
the House. When they came to pay him for
the full term they deducted his expenses.
Now, the House of Representatives have
adopted as a principle in this Congress that
they will pay all members for their full term
and they will pay them their expenses besides,
and it is intended to apply that principle to
another Congress.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—-yeas 20, nays 23 ; as follows:
YEAS—-Messrs. Ames, Caldwell, Cole, Corbett,
Ferry of Michigan, Flanagan, HiU, Mortou, Nor-
wood, Osborn, Pool, Ramsey, Kice, Robertson,
Sawyer. Spencer, Tipton, West, Wilson, and Win-
dom—20.
NAYS—Messrs. Blair, Buckingham, Carpenter,
