1190
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 7,
The SPEAKER. There is an exception in
his case, of reports from the Committee on
Appropriations and Committee of Ways and
Means.
The question was on suspending the rules
and going into Committee of the Whole on the
special order.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Pending that
motion, I move that when the House shall
resolve itself into Committee of the Whole
all general debate on the special order, the
Military Academy appropriation bill, be lim-
ited to one minute.
The motion was agreed to.
The question being put on suspending the
rules and going into Committee of the Whole
on the special order, there' were—ayes 92,
noes 35.
Mr. BANKS called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
So the motion was agreed to.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I yield for a
moment, before asking a vote on my motion,
to the gentleman from Missouri, [Mr. Kitfo.J
safety of life on railroads.
Mr. KING, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 3849) to increase the
safety ©f human life upon railroads ; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee on Commerce, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. KING. I ask unanimous consent to
btave some remarks upon this subject printed
in the Globe.
N:o„objection was made; and the leave was
granted. [See Appeudix.]
military academy bill.
The question was then put upon the motion
of Mr. Garfield, of Ohio, and it was agreed
to; and the House accordingly resolved itself
into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, (Mr. E. H. Roberts in the chair,)
and proceeded to the consideration of the bill
(H. 11. No. 3737) making appropriations for
the support of the Military Academy for the
fiscal year ending June 30, 1874.
Mr. MARSHALL. I wish to say to the
House that the appropriations in this bill are
only such as are absolutely necessary for the
support of this important institution. I wish
to repeat now what I said a year ago, that on
examination of the diiferent appropriations of
the Government, I am satisfied there is no
department of the Government which is man-
aged more carefully in respect to economy and
efficiency than this institution at West Point.
I now ask that by unanimous consent the first
reading of the bill be dispensed with.
_ There was no objection ; and the first read-
ing of the bill was dispensed with, and the
Clerk proceeded to read the bill by clauses for
amendments.
The Clerk read as follows:
For additional pay of officers, and for pay of in-
5™u^orsV,pr,?fe<?sors' oadets. and musicians, $220,-
■S79 50, and the Secretary of War may, in his discre-
tion, substitute for the professorship of Spanish, a
prolessorship of rhetoric and English literature.
Mr. COBURN. I move to strike out all of
that paragraph after the words ''fifty cents."
This is an attempt to abolish the Spanish pro-
fessorship at the Military Academy, and it is
an attempt to do it in an appropriation bill
without general legislation upon the subject,
orwithout acousiderationof the other branches
of the course of study required there. In my
judgment this is the wrong way, the wron<*
time and place to attempt to do this thing.
If the course of study at the Military Academy
ought to be reformed, it ought, to be done
under a general consideration of the entire
course, and not, upon the consideration of an
appropriation bill, of this particular study.
ihis study of the Spanish language at the
Military Academy was adopted in 1857, after
the experience of the Mexican war. It was
adopted because it was found that our officers
upon the Mexican frontier coming in contact
in business with the people in Texas and
elsewhere ought to have a knowledge of the
Spanish language. I had a conversation but
a day or two ago with a distinguished officer
of the Army recently on a tour in Texas, and
his testimony is that it is absolutely essential
to the efficiency of officers stationed there that
they should know the Spanish language. Our
neighbors on our southwestern border are all
a Spanish-speaking people. Our neighbors
on our southern coast and in South America
are a Spanish-speaking people; and if we
make any annexation hereafter, which I regret
to say I think we will do, it is more likely that
we shall annex a Spanish-speaking people than
any other kind. We can only annex people
speaking two languages—those on the north
speaking English, and those on the south and
southwest speaking Spanish. Many millions
of Americans use this language alone. Spanish
is the language of their laws, their literature,
their land titles, their business, whatever cor-
ruption of it may be the dialect in ordinary
use.
Now, in view of the fact that we may incor-
porate at no distant day a part of Mexico,
San Domiugo, Cuba, and the islands in the
Caribbean sea, it seems to me that we ought not
to dispense with the teaching of Spanish at
West Point. Our military officers are the first
who will come in contact with the people of
the territory to be annexed, and they should
have an intimate knowledge of their language.
If I had the power I would require a more
thorough study of that language than is now
required of the students. There is no reason
why, on account of a scarcity of teachers, we
should dispense with instruction in this lan-
guage, there being over forty officers on the
academic staff. Spanish being a very import-
ant branch of knowledge essential to our offi-
cers, and Spanish being a classic language, giv-
ing as much mental training as Latin or Greek,
it seems to me there is no good reason for dis-
pensing with it. If I had the power I would
enlarge the course of study at the Military
Academy.
If a higher standard of education in English
is required, as this paragraph implies, let that
matter be looked to at the Academy; there are
professors enough for that purpose, time
enough during the course, and ample oppor-
tunity for students to perfect themselves in the
use of the English language.
[Here the hammer tell. J
Mr. MARSHALL. I rise to oppose the
amendment of the gentleman from Indiana.
This proposition was put in the bill after ma-
ture consideration by the Committee on Appro-
priations, and with such information as they
could get before them, they were satisfied that
it was proper to leave this matter to the dis-
cretion of the Secretary of War and the officers
charged with the control of this institution.
It was deemed necessary for the proper effi-
ciency of the institution, and hence it was
determined that this matter should be brought
before this House, that we might have its judg-
ment thereon. This provision has, I believe,
the approbation of the Secretary of War, and
of all those who have given special attention
to the organization and necessities of this insti-
tution.
The Board of Visitors appointed from this
House and the Senate, and by the President
of the United States, who were present at the
examination made last year, made a special
recommendation in regard to this particular
matter. I ask the Cierk to read a paragraph
in their report which I have marked.
The Clerk read as follows:
tl."TJle1Visii?.rs are decidedly of the opinion that
the study of bpamsh should be discontinued, and
that the time now allotted to Spanish should be given
to I rench. Ihe argument which caused the intro-
auction of Spanish into the course was, that we
border upon i people who speak Spanish, and have
many relations with the South American Spanish-
speakmg nations. The arguinen Is which determine
the opinion ot the Board of Visitors are, first, that,
as there is not time lor the cadets to learn two for-
eign languages well, French is vastly the best lan-
guage for them to study, because it ii still the most
available language for communication with for-
eigners, and because it has a very important military
literature, which Spanish has not; secondly, that
the mental training obtained by studying one lan-
guage thoroughly is more valuable than that gained
in getting a smattering of two languages ; thirdly,
that, as a matter of fact, the cadets can get only a
very slight acquaintance with Spanish in the short
time allotted to that study; there is no possibility
of teaching them to speak or write the language,
and the little they learn of it must soon be forgotten
by the great majority of the cadets."
Mr. MARSHALL. There has been entirely
too little time and attention given to the lan-
guage and literature of our own country. It
is a notorious fact that it would be of very
great advantage to the students in that insti-
tution if they had more time to devote to that
purpose. Consequently it is provided in this
provision of the bill that the Secretary of War
may in his discretion (of course he would not
act rashly upon a matter of this importance,
but would take the advice of those having
charge of and best informed in regard to the
necessities of the institution) substitute for
the professorship of Spanish a professorship
of English literature, so that the proper atten-
tion may be paid to the study of the language
and literature of our own country.
Mr. YOUNG. The Board of Visitors recom-
mend that the Spanish professorship be sub-
stituted by the French. This bill does not
do that, but provides for a professorship of
rhetoric and English literature.
Mr. MARSHALL. The provision now in
the bill was put in after consultation with the
Secretary of War and others who have paid
special attention to and are well informed in
regard to this subject. It was put in by the
committee because they were satisfied from
the information laid before them that it would
add to the efficiency of the institution to make
the change proposed. Undoubtedly the acqui-
sition of Spanish would be of some value to
any one, and of course so would any other lan-
guage, ancient or modern. But in the time
limited to a course of studies in this institu-
tion, it is believed that a thorough acquisition
of the Spanish language is not possible without
a neglect of other studies much more import-
ant. And while I have not a particle of feeling
in regard to the result on the motion of the
gentleman from Indiana, I feel confident that
it would not be to the interest of the Academy
or of the countrv that it should be adopted.
Mr. SARGENT. I move to amend, pro
forma, by striking out the last word. The
Board of Visitors at West Point included
among other gentlemen Mr. Eliot, president
of Harvard College, and Mr. Hodge, the pres-
ident of_ Princeton College. Besides those,
and outside of the congressional delegation of
the House and the Senate, there were men of
practical business sense from diiferent parts
of the country. I might name Mr. Lovell, of
Michigan, Mr. Pierson, of New York, and
others of that class.
The Board of Visitors, according to my
observation, paid special care to the discipline
and the studies of the Military Academy. I
have never seen a board so diligent and con-
scientious in the discharge of their duties as
this last board. From the discussions which
took place in the board before the report was
made up, I was myself satisfied that that re-
port was the result of the highest intelligence
""ssessed by the board. Certainly the gentle-
men connected with the literary institutions I
have named have opportunity from their posi-
tions to thoroughly understand these subjects.
The board, in speaking of this subject of
nguages, recommended the abolition of the
Spanish professorship, and that more atten-
tion be given to the study of the French lan-
guage. But they called attention to one
painful defect in the Military Academy. Un-
der our present system of receiving students
we are not strict enough in requiring a knowl-
edge of common English literature, and there-
fore orthography and the simpler elements of
