226
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 16,
nrticle of amendments to tUc Constitution of the
lTnitoil States: and your petitioner will ever pray, j
ic., J. ERNEST MEIRE. -j
Mr. CONNER. Isthatopen to amendmeut?
The SPEAKER. It is not; a motion to
suspend the rules is not amendable.
The question was taken : and (two thirds
voting in favor thereof) the rules were sus-
pended and the bill (II. R. No. 3249) was
passed.
PAY OF CONTESTANTS.
Mr. McCIlARY moved to so suspend the
rules that, when the legislative, executive, and
judicial appropriation bill shall be under con-
sideration in Committee of the Whole, it may
be in order to offer the following amendment:
Pmri'l' ii, That ufter the expiration of the Forty-
Beeond Congress no payment shall be mado by the
House of Representatives, out of its contingent fund
or otherwise, to eitherparty to a contested-election
ease for expenses incurred in prosecuting or defend-
ing the same.
The question was taken ; and (two thirds
voting in favor thereof) the rules were sus-
pended and the order made accordingly.
SCOTT AND BRINDLEY.
Mr. KERR, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 3249) for the relief of
David R. Scott and John W. Brindley; which
was read a first and second time, ordered to be
printed, and referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
PRESIDENT AND ^ICE PRESIDENT. I
Mr. MORGAN moved to suspend the rules
and pass a preamble and joint resolution pro-
posing an amendment to the Constitution so |
as to make naturalized citizens eligible to the I
office of President and Vice President.
The preamble states that political equality
is the true basis of republican governments; i
that, under the Constitution as amended, all j|
citizens of the United States, without regard j
to race, color, or previous condition, are
eligible to the offices of President and Vice
President, except naturalized citizens, who
alone are excluded.
The joint resolution provides that (two
thirds of each House concurring therein) the
following proposed article shall be submitted
for ratification to the Legislatures of the States,
and when ratified by three fourths of the same
shall be declared a part thereof:
Article —. Naturalized citizens who have attained
the age of thirty-five years, and have resided four-
teen years in the United States, are hereby deolared
eligible to the offices of President and Vice President.
Mr. MORGAN. I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and there were—
yeas 82, nays 71, not voting 88 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Acker, Adams, Archer, Arthur,
Barnum, Beatty, James B. Beck, Bell, Boarman,
Braxton, Bright, Brooks, Comingo, Cox, Crossland,
.Davis, Dodds, Dox, DuBose, Duke, Bunnell, El-
dredge, Farnsworth, Finkelnburg, Henry D. Foster,
Getz, biddings, Griffith, Hancock, Handley, Har- j,
per, John T. Harris, Joseph R. Hawley, Hay, ]'
Hereford. Herndon, Hibbard, Holman, Kellogg,
Kerr, Lainison, Loach, Manson, Marshall, McClel- ;
land. McCoriniek, McHenry, Mclntyre, McKee,
McKinney, Benjamin F. Meyers, Morgan, Wiblack,
Packard, Itosea W. Parker, Perry, Porter, Read, i
John M..Rice, John Rogers, Sion H. Rogers, Shel-
don, Sherwood, Shober, Shoemaker, Slater, Sloss,
Speer, Sprague, Starkweather, Stevens, Stevenson,
Storm, Swann, Terry, Van Trump, Waddell, Whit-
thorne, Williams of New York, Winchester, Wood,
and Young—82.
NAYS—Messrs. Ambler, Averill, Barber, Barry,
Beveridge, Bingham, 1'oles, Bufiinton, Burchard,
Burdett, Roderick R. Butler, Cobb, Crocker, Don-
nan, Duell, Eimes. E<ty, Charles Foster, Wilder D.
Foster, Garfield, Hale, George E. Harris, John B.
Hawley, John W. Hazelton, Hoar, Hooper, Hough-
ton, Kelley, Lansing, Lewis, Maynard, McCrary,
McGrew, McJunkin, Merriam, Monroe, Moore,
Leonard Myers, Negley, Orr, Packer, Palmer, Peck,
Perce, Peters, Piatt, Poland, Rainey, Ellis H.
Roberts, Sargent, Sawyer, Sessions, Shanks, Shella-
harger, H. Boardman Smith, John A. Smith, Snapp,
Stougbton, Sypher, Washington Town<end, Turner,
Twichell, Tyner, Upson, Wakeman, Waldron, Wal-
lace, Wheeler, Willard, Williams of Indiana, and
Jeremiah M. Wilson—71.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ames, Banks, Eraamus
W. Beck, Bigby, Biggs. Bird, Austin Blair, James
G. Blair, Buckley, Benjamin F. Butler, Caldwell,
Campbell, Carroll, Clarke, Coburn, Coghlan, Con-
ger, Conner, Cotton, Crohn, Creely, Criulier, Dar-
rall, Dawes, I>Largo. Dickey, Elliott, Ely. Farwell,
Forker, Frye, v*M.vett, Uolladay, Goodrich, Ilaldc-
wan, llnlsey, Hambleton, Hanks, lliirmer, Havens,
Hays, Gerry W. llaiolton, Hill, Kendall, Kolcham,
Killinger, King, Kinsella, Lampoit, Lowe, Lynch,
McNeely, Merrick, Mitchell, Morey, Morphis, Tsaac
0. Parker, Pendleton, Potter, Price, I'rindle, Ran-
dall, Edward Y. Rioe, Ritchie, William R. Rob-
erts, Robinson, Roosevelt, Rusk, Scolield, Seeley,
Slocum, Worthington C. Smith, Snyder, Stowell,
St. John, Sutherland,TafFe, Thomas, DwighiTown-
send, Tuthill, Vaughan, Voorhees, Walden, H'n Is,
Warren, Wells, Whiteley. and John T. Wilson—88.
So (two thirds not voting in favor thereof)
the rules were not suspended.
AFFAIRS IN LOUISIANA.
Mr. COX. I move to suspend the rules and
adopt the following resolution :
Whereas the State government of Louisiana is
now administered by orders from the Federal courts
supported by Federal bayonets, which condition of
things is subversive of the civil government of said
State and dangerous to liberty: Therefore,
Resolved, That the President of the United States
is hereby requested to inform this House at the
earliest day possible why the Executive of theUnited
States interfered in the affairs of the State of
Louisiana, giving all the facts; and he is further
requested to give to this House all the information
he has on this subject relative to the conduct of E.
II. Durell. oneof the judges of the United States in
Louisiana; so that this House may determine what
steps, if afty, should be taken in consequence of his
interference in the political affairs of said State.
Mr. STEVENSON. I rise to a question of
order. I wish to know whether this resolution
is divisible, so that the question may be taken
separately upon the preamble and the resolu-
tion.
The SPEAKER. Under a suspension of
the rules the preamble and the resolution can-
not be separated, because the suspension of
the rules supersedes that rule which enables
a member to demand a division of the ques-
tion.
Mr. STEVENSON. I ask the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Cox] to omit the pre-
amble. Let us have a vote on the resolution
alone.
Mr. COX. With the permission of the House
I will 6trike off the preamble and will insert
in the resolution after the word "requested "
the worda "if not incompatible with the pub-
lic interest." If gentlemen on the other side
cannot vote for personal or public liberty
without some scruples, I wish to accommodate
them.
Mr. STEVENSON. I do not wish to vote
for a proposition making doubtful assertions.
Mr. SARGENT. Let the resolution be read
as modified.
The Clerk read the resolution as modified.
Mr. PERCE. The language of the resolu-
tion assumes as a fact that the President did
interfere. I object to it on that ground.
Mr. ELDREDGE. I hope the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Cox] will not insert in
his resolution the words " if not incompatible
with the public interest." It seems to me there
can be no such incompatibility in a matter of
this kind. Congress must be entitled to know
by what right or authority the President inter-
feres in such a case as this. The Constitution
points out the only manner in which the Presi-
dent can intervene in such cases ; and it should
appear to us and to the country by what author-
ity he does so.
Mr. COX. I have inserted in the resolution
the words " if not incompatible with the pub-
lic interest," so that the resolution may pass
without any partisan or acrimonious discus-
sion. What 1 want is that the facts shall come
out. I think that with the resolution, as now
couched, we may get the facts. We do not
want a simple expression of opinion from this
or the other side of the House. We want the
whole basis for the action of the President in
this most important matter.
Mr. SYPBER. We deny that the President
has interfered in any way in Louisiana mat-
ters, except to order the execution of the
mandates of the United States courts. That
is the whole question.
Mr. COX. I do not take the gentleman's
word for that, nor the word of the newspapers.
Mr. SYPHER. We will furnish proof if
the gentleman desires it.
Mr. COX. I ask for information. If the
gentleman can act as the President, and give
us this information, all right; but, as I under-
stand, the gentleman cannot speak for the
President yet.
Mr. MAYNARD. I rise to a question of
order. I submit whether we are acting with
due regard to the comity that should obtain
between coordinate branches of the Govern-
ment when we call upon the executive depart-
ment to inform us what the judiciary depart-
ment is doing. I submit whether that is a
decent or proper way of getting at the matter.
I hold that the maintenance of proper comity
between the coordinate branches of the Gov-
ment is a matter which certainly comes within
the spirit of the rules of this House, if not
within their letter.
The SPEAKER. It would not be within
the scope of parliamentary law for the Chair
to decide as to what the House might pass in
a resolution calling upon the Executive. That
is for the House to decide.
Mr. MAYNARD. Then I submit that the
resolution ought not to be adopted.
Mr. COX. This resolution does not call
upon any judicial department. It calls on the
President to give us all the information he may
have, including, if you please, the action of
the judiciary, if he has based his action upon
their conduct.
Mr. BINGHAM. Has it not occurred to
the gentleman that he should modify his res-
olution so as simply to call upon the Pres-
ident for whatever information he has touch-
ing the condition of things in Louisiana?
Mr. COX. I do not intend to amend that
resolution any further.
Mr. YOUNG. Is debate in order?
The SPEAKER. It is not, and can proceed
only by unanimous consent.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I wish to ask the gentle-
man to amend in the conclusion of his resolu-
tion.
Mr. YOUNG. I object to further debate.
Mr. SCOFIELD. He uses the words "so
the House may judge," which implies we are
to do something which would be offensive.
Mr. COX. There can be no pertinency in
my resolution unless so phrased.
Mr. YOUNG. I object to debate unless it
be open altogether.
Mr. MOREY. Let us have the resolution
again read.
The resolution was again read.
Mr. MOREY.
statement.
Mr. YOUNG.
Mr. PETERS.
Mr. BANKS.
I should like to make a
I object to debate.
We will vote it down.
I desire to say to the gentle-
man from New York that the word "inter-
ference" does not express exactly his idea.
Mr. W. R. ROBERTS. I demand the yeas
and nays on suspending the rules.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 79, nays 99, not voting
03 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Acker, Adams, Archer, Arthur,
Barnum, James B. Beck, Bell, Austin Blair, Boar-
man, Boles, Braxton, Bright, Brooks, Carroll, Co-
mingo, Cox, Critcher, Crossland, Davis, Dodds. Dox,
DuBoso, Duke, Eldredge, Farnsworth,Henry D. Fos-
ter, Getz, Giddings, Griffith, Hancock, Hundley,
Harper, John T. Harris, Hereford, Ilcrndon, llib-
bard, Holman, Kendall, Kerr, King, Lamison,
Leach, Lewis, Manson, Marshall, McClelland, Mc-
Cormick, McHenry, Mclntyre, McKinney, Merrick,
Benjamin F. Meyers Morgan, Niblack, Hosea W.
Parker, Perry, Price, Read, John M. Rice, W. K.
Roberts, John Rogers, Sion H. Rogers, Sherwood,
Shober, Slater, Speer, Stevens, Storir., Swann,
Terry, Tuthill, Van Trump, Waddell, Wells,
Whitthorne, Williams of New York. Winchester,
Wood, and Young—79.
NAYS—Messrs. Amblor, Ames,Barber, Bcvcruige,
Bingham, Butfinton, Burchard, Burdett, Roderick
R. Butler. Clarke, Cobb, Coghlan, Conger, Cotton,
Crocker, Dawes, Donnan, Duell, Dunnell, Haines,
Esty, Farwell, Finkelnburg, Charles Foster, Wilder
D. Foster, Frye, Garfield, Hale, Ilarmer, Georgo
E. Harris, Havens, John B. Hawley, Joseph R.
Hawley, Gerry W. Hazelton, John W. Hazelton,
