1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2151
Mr. EDMUNDS. The first point to which
I referred was to have the conference report
explained and read, or read in connection
with the amendments, so that we can under-
stand it. I believe that will enable us to
understand it.
Mr. SAWYER. The report has been read.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then I ask that the Sec-
retary read the amendments as they are recom-
mended for agreement or recession by the con-
ference committee in connection, so that we
can see what they are and what additional
amendments have been put on. That, I
believe, I have a right to ask. Then, I suppose,
I shall understand it.
The Chief Clerk. The House recedes from
its disagreement to the amendment of the Sen-
ate No. 6. The amendment of the Senate
No. 6 is to insert:
For printing the preparatory circulars, and for
printing and binding, at the Government Printing
Office, the report on life insurance statistics, made
under authority of the eighth international statis-
tical congress, by William Barnes, a delegate from the
United States, in accordance with the plan of pub-
lication adopted at the said congress, under the
direction of the Secretary of State, $5,000.
The House agreed to that amendment, with
an amendment striking out "$5,000" and
inserting "$3,500."
J'he House recedes from its disagreement to
the amendment of the Senate No. 36, and
agrees to the same with an amendment strik-
ing out the words "and fifty" where they
occur together in said amendment. The thir-
ty-sixth amendment of the Senate is to insert
after line eight, page 15, of the House bill:
For survey of exterior boundaries of Indian reser-
vations, and subdividing portions of the same,
$250,000.
The amendment makes it $200,000.
The House recedes from its disagreeement
to the amendment of the Senate No. 37, and
agrees to the same with an amendment strik-
ing out all of the same after the word '' lands.''
The thirty-seventh amendment is to insert
on page 15 of the House bill, at the end of the
twenty-seventh line, " said amount to be reim-
bursed from the proceeds of the sale of said
lands." The part proposed to be stricken out
by the report of the committee of conference i3:
And the sum of $297,890 25 is hereby appropri-
ated, out of any money not otherwise appropriated,
to pay arrears of interest found due the Ohickasa-ws
under estimate of the Department of the Interior
under the Chickasaw treaties of 1832.
The House recedes from its disagreement to
the amendments of the Senate No. 81, and
agrees to the same with an amendment strik-
ing out the words " and until June 30, 1875."
The eighty-first amendment of the Senate is
on page 21, line fifteen, to strike out all after
the word "appropriations" where it occurs
the first time down to and including line
twenty-six. The Senate struck out of the
House bill the following words:
And appropriations for light-house purposes shall
be available for expenditure for two years aiteracts
of Legislatures ceding jurisdiction over sites, and
in ease no such act is required, for two years from
the date of any appropriation: Provided, however.
That this section shall not apply to any general ap-
propriations for light-house purposes: Andprwkled
Jurther, That the unexpended balancesot'appropria-
tions for special works underthe Light-House Board
made by the act approved June 10, 1872, entitled
"An act making appropriations for sundry civil
expenses of the Government for the fiscal year end-
ing June 30, 1873, and for other purposes," are
hereby reappropriated for the purposes therein
specified."
Mr. EDMUNDS. How is that left?
The Chief Clerk. That clause the Senate
struck out, and the House agree to the striking'
out of the same, adding the words " and until
June 30, 1875."
Mr. EDMUNDS. I suggest that by unan-
imous consent this report be laid aside for a
few moments and that we go on with the
deficiency bill, and then we can all look at it.
Mr. COLE. I have no objection to doing
that for a few minutes.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The report will
be laid aside for the present and the deficiency
bill resumed. The Senator from. Indiana [Mr.
Morton] is entitled to the floor on it.
DEFICIENCY" BILL.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. R.
No. 4051) making appropriations to supply
deficiencies in the appropriations for the ser-
vice of the Government for the fiscal year
ending June 30, 1873, and for other purposes,
the pending question being on the amend-
ment of the Committee on Appropriations to
strike out the item appropriating $100,000
"for the purchase of a site and to commence
the construction of a brick building at Evans-
ville, Indiana, to be used as a custom-house,
post office, and for other Government offices."
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, I regret
that the Committee on Appropriations have
stricken out the two appropriations for Evans-
vine and Indianapolis. Evansville is the sec-
ond town in population in Indiana.
Mr. PRATT. May I interrupt my colleague
for one moment? I understand from the
chairman of the committee that there is a mis-
print here; that the intention was only to
strike out the appropriation for the building
at Evansville and not at Indianapolis. I un-
derstand there was a mistake in the printing
of the bill.
Mr. MORTON. Evansville, I believe, has
the largest trade on the river of any town be-
tween Louisville and Now Orleans. It is a
very flourishing city. It is a port of entry
under the law, and has been for several years.
The United States courts are held there, and
it is very important to have this building. The
law provides for the construction of the build-
ing and the purchase of the site. The con-
tract has been made for the site, and this
appropriation is necessary in order that the
work may go on this year.
I hope, therefore, that the amendment of the
committee will not be agreed to. It will be an
absolute injustice and simply interfere with
carrying out an enterprise which was agreed
to by Congress some time ago.
Now, in regard to the appropriation at Indian-
apolis lor the purchase of an additional strip
of ground alongside the public building there,
that is a necessity. Nearly two years ago Con-
gress provided for the enlargement of the court-
house. That enlargement was commenced
last summer; the work is now going on ; and
that enlargement makes it necessary to pur-
chase an additional strip of ground alongside.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. While I think
that the appropriations we have made this year
for public buildings have been altogether too
large, and while 1 am opposed to this system
of legislating on any bills in relation to public
buildings, I yet am constrained to say that
there is as much justice in the appropriation
made here as for the average of the public
buildings we have already provided for.
Mr. WINDOM. I voted to strike out this
provision in the Committee on Appropriations
for this reason: in the first place, I did not
think it was the proper place for such an ap-
propriation, because there was in no sense a
deficiency; and in the second place, I was not
aware that there was any law authorizing it. I
would not for one have voted to strike it out
simply because it found its place in a deficiency
bill. The principle upon which I acted in all
the appropriations for public buildings was
that where Congress had deliberately decided
that buildings should be erected by the pass-
age of a law authorizing them, it was our
duty to make the appropriation. I shall now
vote against the amendment and for the appro-
priation
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment proposed by the
committee, to strike out the appropriation for
Evansville from line seven hundred and
ninety-six to seven hundred and ninety-nine.
The amendment was rejected.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Appropriations was on page 33, lines eight
hundred to eight hundred and four, inclusive,
to strike out the following clause:
To enable the Secretary of the Treasury to pur-
chase a part of a lot of ground in Indianapolis,
Indiana, east of and adjoining the ground on which
the court-house and post office is situated, the sum
of $30,000 be, and is hereby, appropriated.
Mr. MORTON. I believe the committee
abandoned that.
Mr. COLE. There being no recommenda-
tion from the Department on this subject and
no authority by which an estimate could be
made, I hardly think the Senators from that
State will insist upon it.
Mr. PRATT. 1 did not understand what
the Senator from California said.
Mr. COLE. I say there is no recommenda-
tion from the Department having this business
in charge in regard to this.
Mr. PRATT. I have a very strong recom-
mendation before me in the shape of an act of
Congress passed March 18, 1872, "for the con-
struction of an addition to the United States
court-house and post office building in Indian-
apolis, and for the purchase of additional
ground adjoining the site of said building."
I will say further that the Secretary of the
Treasury, by the terms of the second section
of this act—
"is authorized and directed to negotiate for the
purchase of the lot or part of lot lying east of and
adjoining the ground on which the United States
court-house and post office building has been orccted
in the city of Indianapolis, Indiana, at a cost to be
agreed upon by the owner or owners of said lot or
part of lot, and the judges of the circuit and district
courts of the United States, and the district attor-
ney of the United States for Indiana, and the post-
master at Indianapolis, subject to the approval of
the Secretary of the Treasury."
Mr. MORTON. And the negotiation has
been made.
Mr. PRATT. Now, sir, the negotiation
has been made, and the estimate is on file in
the Treasury Department, and I believe is
approved by the Secretary of the Treasury.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Car-
penter in the chair.) The question is, will the
Senate agree to the amendment striking out
the clause ?
The amendment was rejected.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Appropriations was on page 33, to strike out
lines eight hundred and five to eight hundred
and twelve, in these words :
" For salary of deputy commissioner of pensions,
$2,500: for salary of medical referee, $2,500; for ad-
ditional compensation of four surgeons, now receiv-
ing $1,200 per annum, to be $1,800 per annum, $2,400;
making in all $7,400, the same to be immediately
available."
Mr. PRATT. I desire to inquire of the
chairman of this committee why this recom-
mendation was made in face of the fact that
at this pftsent session of Congress the office
of deputy commissioner of pensions was cre-
ated, and the salary fixed, and likewise the
office of medical referee? Both of them have
been established at this present session of
Congress. There should be an appropriation
obviously to carry the law into effect. I will
state that these offices were created in the bill
revising, consolidating, and amending the pen-
sion laws, which passed at a recent date.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on agreeing to the amendment striking
out the clause.
The amendment was rejected.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Appropriations was to insert in the third sec-
tion, after the eleventh line, the following:
To supply deficiency in the appropriation for
registered package envelopes for the Post Officii
Department for the fiscal year ending June  >,
1872, $11,05302.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert after the
amendment just adopted the following:
For balance on salaries of postmasters for the
year ending June 30th, 1873, $184,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
