1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1191
English composition are not always as well
understood by the students as they ought to be
in order to justify their being received into
the Academy. That is perhaps owing to the
different systems and grades of education in
the different States. We must admit into the
Academy constituents of the different gentle-
men in Congress. We cannot take them all
from those regions only that are more highly
favored with elementary schools and acad-
emies, because that would be unjust.
But after we have received into the Academy
young men of good minds and application we
can, by reducing the time now devoted to
comparatively useless studies, give them more
time to improve themselves in the English
branches.
I ask the Clerk to read a part of the recom-
mendation of the Board of Visitors, in illustra-
tion of their ideas upon the necessity of giving
more time to elementary studies.
The Clerk read as follows:
" The Board of Visitors, like many preceding
boards, has remarked among the cadets a lack of
ease and precision in the use of English. ^ xinetoric
is not studied, and there are no exercises in Jinglisb
composition. Under the existing ternas of admis-
sion?, the graduate of the Military Academy may
never have received any adequate instruction in
the use of hisnative language. In addition to what
he has been taught at the Academy itself, the grad-
uate of the Academy is only expected to know what
is taught in primary schools or in the tower classes
of grammar schools. If he knows anything else, he
has gone beyond the official requirements. In this
condition of things the board recommends that m
the event of the time allotted to French beinS
increased by the suppression of Spanish, the depart-
ment of French bo instructed to require of the
cadets frequent written translations from Frene
into English, and to exact careful attention to the
correctness and elegance of the English, and to
neatness of penmanship."
Mr. SARGENT. Now it must be admitted
that the Spanish language is dying out; in a
literary sense, it is certainly dying out. lhat
language contains no recent work of any value
■whatever} no text book upon engineering or |
military science, or upon any department ot
study useful in a mere military education.
mi< ht, go further, and say that, with the excep-
tion of some plays and fugitive works of fiction,
the Spanish language of late years has collected
no treasures of any kind whatever.^
There was a time when the Spanish race was
triumphant, was extending its conquests; when
the conflict reached the world of mind as well
as of material force ; when Cervantes and other
writers were illustrating the value and flexibility
of that language. The Spanish language in
those days may have been a useful study m
our colleges and schools ; but that period has
^°It is very true that there is a kind of Spanish
spoken to a very great extent upon the Ameri-
can continent and in neighboring islands;_ but
it is not the Spanish language except in a
bastard sense; it is not the pure Cast'lian
tongue; it would not be recognized m Madrid.
So far as we are concerned, it is a subject-
language. The Indian languages are spoken
all over this continent; still, we do not teach
those languages in our schools. Ihe Spanish
language has no value to us under the present
conditions and relations of the American peo-
ple. Our language is permeating Mexico ; it
extends into Central America; it is studied
in the West Indies, and a thorough acquaint-
ance with it will do for oar military men all
that can be claimed from any study ot Spanish.
Mr WOOD. The provision ot this bin,
and also the remarks of the gentle,maI''frt0|™
California [Mr. Sabossj] are based ujion the
assumption that our cadets at West, Pom are
deficient in a knowledge of the
the English language. I doubt verj much
whether that assumption can be Brined. by
the facts. I think that among the n^ary
men of all nations the most intelligent and
accomplished are the American officers^who
have been educated at West Point. I ^.not
think gentlemen can individualize any otticer
educated there who is unable to read and write
the English language correctly. I tbmk tne
country would be quite willing to abolish this
institution altogether, to withdraw the vast
appropriations made annually for its support,
if it were supposed that the students there
are not properly instructed in the English
language. I am not willing, therefore, to con-
sent to the assumption that there is any defi-
ciency in this regard.
With reference to the utility of the Spanish
language, I differ entirely with several gentle-
men who have spoken. In my view the Span-
ish language is an exceedingly important one
for an American officer to understand. We
have a large Mexican border, upon which it is
necessary for us to keep a large standing army.
Our relations with the Mexican country are
entirely unsettled; and we cannot tell how
soon it may be necessary for us to resort to
extreme measures to protect the rights and
interests of our own territory against Mexican
invasion. Hence, gentlemen will see that itjs
essential for an officer of the United States
Army to be able to speak the Spanish lan-
guage. More than that, I can conceive that
our relations with Spain, complications that
may possibly arise with reference to the
islands of Cuba and Porto Rico, may also
make it necessary for the officers ot our Army
to understand something about the Spanish
tongue.
No, sir, this branch of education was incor-
porated into law in the original establishment
of the Academy at West Point; but it is now
too late for gentlemen to withdraw that branch
of the studies which has become practically
useful and practically necessary, in view of the
present condition of our country. I therefore
hope the provision will not be adopted, but
that we will let this professorship ot the
Spanish language remain as it is.
Mr. SAiiGENT withdrew his amendment.
Mr". BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I renew
the amendment. nr t
A little recurrence to the history ot the vv est
Point Military Academy, Mr. Chairman, I
think will determine this: Spanish was not
added at all before the Mexican war. When
our Army went to Mexico there was not a man
that knew anything about the language or the
people where the war was being carried on.
We suffered largely. Soon after that, Spanish
was made one of the branches of the education
of our Army officers so they might be able to
deal with the various people upon this_ conti-
nent, the majority of whom speak Spanish—to
be sure, after their own fashion.
That being so, the question is: whom are we
educating? I agree with President Eliot of
Harvard College that if we are educating gen-
tlemen for polite literature, for belles-lettres,
to make good writers and good rhetoricians,
■we ought to go into an active and serious
course of English rhetoric. But we are edu-
eating Army officers to be able to conduct Army
operations upon this continent, and so far as
I know they have been able to express them-
selves with great clearness in the reports or
their operations without any other train ng
than they receive now at West Point. The e
ports of General Taylor were models , whether
written by him or by Colonel Bliss, is oi no
consequence. The reports of the! pres^l
President of the United States stand for the
selves. The reports of other officers standTor
They are sufficiently intelligible
themselves. They
tor any man. , * n
Nor do I think the Spanish language shouid
be taught as my friend from California [Mr.
Sargent] thinks it might be if it were a pro-
gressive language, and if the politer :
at the world was written m it. Ihe less our
young West Point officers know of the lighter
literature of Prance and Spain, the better it
will be for their morals.
Mr. SARGENT. Are not the finest works
on engineering written and published in t
^Mr^BUTL&ti, of Massachusetts I am
talking of the lighter literature ot I ranee.
Now, has the gentleman from California any
idea that engineering is light literature ? If
he does, then bim have I offended. [Laugh-
ter.] I have not said a word about the French
language except in regard to its lighter liter-
ature. I agree they must know the French
language; for the very highest philosophical
and engineering works, as well as works upon
all the physical sciences, are now written in the
French language. But when they get into the
field in New Mexico, or into the field in Mex-
ico, and when they have occupied Mexico, as
they will before this generation has passed by,
I want them to be able to know enough of the
Spanish language to ask for a glass of water or
a piece of bread, and to know enough of the
language to find out whether they are answered
in the affirmative or in the negative. There-
fore I affi opposed to striking out this Spanish
professorship. I _ should be quite willing to
add a professorship of English literature, be-
cause I agree our youth should have the high-
est education, but 1 do think a knowledge
of the Spanish is of the last importance, and
I do not think the polite branches of belles-
lettres in the English language should be sub-
stituted for it. And for that reason I shall
stand by the amendment of the chairman of
the Committee on Military Affairs, [Mr. Co-
burn,] and I do so with the highest respect for
these gentlemen who are presidents of col-
leges. They were looking, not to the educa-
tion of Army officers, but to the general edu-
cation of youth for the purpose of preparation
lor the highest branches of English literature.
Mr. STOUGHTON. Mr. Chairman, the
proposition embodied in the bill of the com-
mittee now before the House received, as has
been said, a very careful consideration at the
last meeting of the Board of Visitors, who
recommend that the study of the Spanish
language at the Military Academy ought to
be dropped. . .
There are many considerations which tea
to this conclusion. The first is that the stu-
dents at West Point do not learn to speak the
Spanish language. They only receive a tew
lessons and merely get a smattering or the
language; not enough to be of any practical
use on our Mexican borders or elsewhere.
Mr. YOUNG. If the gentleman will allow
me to interrupt him, I will state that for one
■whole year there are two recitations a week in
Spanish during one week and three the next,
alternating in that way during the whole year.
Mr. STOUGHTON. That is not according
to my information. But if such is the case,
so much the worse. The students do not and
cannot possibly have time to learn to speak
the language.
I wish to call the attention of the committee
to another thing. It is said that French is
taught there. It is but in the same imperfect
manner; the students receive about as much
information in French as they do m Spanish.
The time which should be devoted to the mas-
tery of one language is wasted on two. But
during the last two years of a course they do not
get a word of instruction in French, and neces-
sarily forget nearly all they learned before.
Instead of being thorough m whatever they un-
dertake they get a superficial knowledge of the
two languages, which is soon forgotten.
The fact is the French is a cosmopolitan
language. An Army officer engaged in the
service in any part of the world will doubtless
find the French the most useful, as it is the most
generally spoken. But Spanish is not, and
never will be as useful in this respect, bo tar.
then, as the value of the two languages as
a means of communication is concerned the
French ought by all means to be preferred.
The French language is also rich iu workh
on military science, in which the Spanish is
extremely barren. . ,
It is urged, and this is almost the only
reason urged, for continu,log ,th«
Spanish language m the
, tha«, inasmuch as we have a Spanish border,
