2152
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
The next amendment was to insert after the
one just adopted the following:
To enable the Postmaster General to pay the
expenses incurred in 1866 in fitting up the post office
at Charleston, South Carolina, $1,430 05.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section four,
page 36, after line twenty-nine, to insert:
For one month's salary of the late Charles H. W.
Meehan, assistant librarian, for the month of July,
1872, to be paid to Mary M. Meehan, his widow,
$210 60.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to add the follow-
ing after the amendments just adopted:
There shall be paid,out of any moneys not otherwise
appropriated, to Horatio Seymour, James G.Blaine,
James Brown, and Enoch C. Wines, the sum of
$10,000 in trust for the national prison association
of the United States of America; and it shall be, and
hereby is, made the duty of the said association*
with the money thus appropriated, to collect in all
the States and Territories of the Union the fullest
criminal, penitentiary, and reformatory statistics
attainable, and to report to the President the result
of their investigations on this and other points con-
nected with the penal and reformatory institutions
of the country.
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. This is the
end of the amendments reported by the Com-
mittee on Appropriations.
Mr. WINDOM. I offer from the Committee
on Appropriations the following amendment to
come in at the end of line five hundred and
fifteen:
To pay to John G. JMerritt, for services as mes-
senger of tbe Senate from July 1, 1872, to Julyl,
1873, as authorized by resolution of the Senate passed
June 10,1872, §1,440.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. COLE. I offer an amendment by direc-
tion of the Committee on Appropriations to
come in after line three hundred and eighty-
nine:
For compensation of Francis A. Walker, late
Commissioner of Indian Affairs, for extra services
and labor performed by him while such Commis-
sioner in finishing the report of the census, $1,600.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. I propose to amend the bill
on the thirteenth page, after Hue three hundred
and twelve, by inserting:
For the reimbursement of the State of Massachu-
setts for moneys expended for coast defense during
the war, and awarded by the commission appointed
under a resolution of Congress approved July 26,
1866, S-30,lUU 06.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I raise the point of
order on that.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
will state his point of order.
Mr, ROBERTSON. The point of order is
that it is not germane to the bill under the
Anthony rule.
Mr. WILSON. I do not understand what
the point of order is.
The PRESIDING OFFICER^ That it is
not germane to the bill is the point, as stated
by the Senator from South Carolina.
Mr. WILSON. I think the Senator from
South Carolina is mistaken about that. I gave
notice of the amendment, it was referred to
the Committee on Appropriations, and I un-
derstand assented to by most of the members
of that committee.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
would inquire of the Senator from Massachu-
setts if this amendment has been reported
from any committee?
Mr. WILSON. It has not been reported
from a committee. It has been referred to
the Committee on Appropriations.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Not having
been reported by any committee, and not re-
terring to any appropriation in the bill, the
Chair is of the opinion that it is not in order.
Mr. SHERMAN, I move an amendment
which was offered on the sundry civil bill,
providing for an assistant treasurer at Chicago
and Cincinnati:
Sec. . That there shall be appointed an assistant
treasurer of the United States, to be located in the
city of Cincinnati, in the State of Ohio, and one to
be located in the city of Chicago, in the State of
Illinois; and such assistant treasurers shall be ap-
pointed in like manner, for like time, and be subject
to all the provisions of law to which the other assist-
ant treasurers ot the United States are subject.
Sec.—. That there shall be prepared within the
custom-house of tbe city of Cincinnati, in the State
of Ohio, and within the custom-house to #be erected
in the city of Chicago, in the State of Illinois, suit-
able and convenient rooms for the use of the assist-
ant treasurers herein authorized, and sufficient and
secure fire-proof vaults and safes for the safe keep-
ing of the public moneys collected and deposited
with them; and the said assistant treasurers shall
have the custody and care of said rooms, vaults,
and safes, respectively, and of such other rooms,
vaults, and sates as may be temporarily assigned to
them, or either of them, by the Secretary of the
Treasury, and of the public moneys deposited
therein; and they shall perform ail the duties re-
quired to bo performed by other United States
assistant treasurers in reference to the receipt, safe
keeping, transfer, and disbursements' such moneys:
Provided, That the rooms, vaults, and safes now
used by the United States designated depositaries
at Cincinnati, Ohio, and Chicago, Illinois, shall be
set apart for the purposes named in this section, as
far and as long as they may be applicable and con-
venient. t
Sec. —. That upon the appointment and qualifica-
tion of said assistant treasurers, theSecretary of the
Treasury shall revoke the designations as deposi-
taries of the United States of the surveyor of cus-
toms at Cincinnati and the collector at Chicago, and
shall direct the transfer of all the books, accounts,
vouchers, property, and public moneys in the offices
of the said depositaries to the offices of the said
assistant treasurers, respectively.
Slc. —. That the assistant treasurers authorized
by th is act to be appointed shall receive a sal ary of
§5,000 each per annum, to be paid quarter-yearly at
the Treasury of the United States, which shall be
in full for all their berviccs ; and a sufficient amount
to pay said salary until June 13, 1874, is hereby
appropriated.
Sec. —. That the assistant treasurers herein pro-
vided for, may, with the approval of the Secretary
of the Treasury, appoint the same number of clerks
and messengers in their respective offices, and at the
same compensation as is now provided by law for
the offices ot the United Statesdepositarics at Cin-
cinnati and Chicago, respectively; and all unex-
pended balances ot moneys heretofore appropri-
ated, or that may hereafter be appropriated, for the
payment of the clerks and messengers in the offices
of said depositaries, shall be applied to the payment
of the clerks and messengers appointed in the offices
of the assistant treasurers created by this act.
Sec. —. That there shall bo appropriated and paid,
out of any money in th.e Treasury not otherwise
appropriated, the sum of $5,000, to be expended
under the direction of the Secretary of the Treasury,
in such repairs and additions as may be necessary
to put in good condition, for immediate use, the
offices,, rooms, vaults, and safes herein mentioned,
or such others as may be temporarily assigned to
the assistant treasurer at Chicago, Illinois, and in
the purchase of any necessary additional furniture
and fixtures, and in defraying any other incidental
expenses necessary to carry this act into effect.
Mr. ROBERTSON, I raise the point of
order on that amendment.
Mr. SHERMAN. There is an appropriation
in this bill for the very officers designated iu
the section referred to, on page 8, at the close
of the page, and these sections are intended
to transfer the duties of the designated deposi-
tary of public money at Chicago and Cincin-
nati to a new class of officers, called assistant
treasurers of the United States.
Mr. EDMUNDS. There cannot be any ap-
propriation for the new officers in this bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. This bill provides an ap-
propriation for them. They do not exist under
the law now.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Whereabouts?
Mr. SHERMAN. At the end of page 8 is
the appropriation for compensation of desig-
nated depositaries.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That will not do.
Mr. SHERMAN. There is not the slightest
objection to the amendment. The Secretary
of the Treasury requests it in writing and vet-
bally. I will state to the Senate, before they
vote on this question that at present the
amount of receipts at the depositary iu Chi-
cago are over $20,000,000 a year, and at the
designated depositary at Cincinnati they are
§24,000,000 a year. The bulk of the internal
revenue trom tobacco and whisky is deposited
in these depositaries. It is now thought better
to make them assistant treasurers with the
bonds required of assistant treasurers. I do
not know anybody that objects.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor from South Carolina raised a point of order
on this amendment. The Chair overrules it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not think there is a
particle of objection to the amendment on its
merits. I only ask to have a vote on it.
Mr. COLE. I do not know but that this
may be necessary, but it involves the fitting
up of new offices at both cities for quite a
number of officers created by this very amend-
ment. We are now erecting new buildings in
these places, and when they are completed we
shall certainly be able to avoid the necessity
of the expense of fitting up offices in advance
of that time. This is clearly a legislative
proposition. It is a bill by itself, a distinct
measure; and certainly if this is regular upon
an appropriation bill, it is hard to say what
matter upon our Calendar may not be attached
to an appropriation bill.
My remarks are addressed to the Senator
from Ohio, who moved the amendment, and
who is as much inclined to find fault with put-
ting legislative measures on appropriation bills
as anybody else.
Mr. SHERMAN. Now I wish to call the
attention of the Senate to this objection. *Here
the Committee on Finance, one of the com-
mittees of this body, propose an amendment
which is intended to guard the public Treasury,
to secure more bonds for the custody of Qie
public money, to provide for a single officer at
two of the great depositaries of the Govern-
ment ; and this is objected to because it is in
the nature of legislation, when it is intended
to protect the public Treasury, and when not
one single dollar is appropriated by I his amend-
ment, except $5,000 a year for each of those
officers. No additional offices, no additional
expenses are required. A bonded officer en-
titled an assistant treasurer is to go in and take
possession of the present office of the deposit-
ary of public moneys in Chicago and Cincin-
nati. And yet the committee that make this
objection against this proposition have reported
here millions upon millions of dollars without
any color of authority and in violation of your
rules.
Why, sir, on page 26 I find an appropria-
tion of $251,055 for the Creek orphan fund,
a claim thirty years old. I find an appropria-
tion here for the payment of the Montana war
claims of $513,000, without any law whatever.
With what consistency can this go on? My
friend from California objected the other day
to this amendment on the sundry civil bill,
when he had loaded that bill down with eight
millions of money for buildings not estimated
for b^the Secretary of the Treasury. I say that
if this rule is to be applied let it be applied
against the Committee on Appropriations.
Why, this very bill contains an appropriation
of f1,640,000 for an old Cherokee claim that
has been rejected for twenty years; and yet
that is not legislation, but an amendment
offered by the Committee on Finance. Simply
regulating and guarding the public Treasury is
objected to as out of order! Sir, this is per-
fectly idle, but I will not pursue it.
Mr. COLE. The Senator from Ohio makes
a very rash statement, if I may be allowed to
say so, when he says that the Committee on
Appropriations have loaded down any bill, the
sundry civil or any other, with recommend-
ations not properly authorized. The Sena-
tor knows very well, if he will look at the
printed sundry civil bill, which has been be-
fore us, that the Committee on Appropriations
sought in every way possible to divest that
bill of any appropriations that were not recom-
mended for public buildings, and that the
Senate after a great deal oi discussion over-
rode that committee, and I apprehend that
the vote of the Senator from Ohio will be
found with those who overrode the commit-
tee on any proposition that related to Ohio.
I remember distinctly one that related lo Cin-
cinnati for which he is particularly responsible,
and it was a building not yet begun, and might
have gone over another year as well as not.
