228
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 16,
sions the duties of them were placed upon
him. and the result is that under that old law he
receives higher pay than any other diplomatic
otlieer of trie United States. We think his
pay extravagant and enormous, and we want
an amendment in order to reduce it to some-
thing like a proper amouut.
There being no objection, Mr. Sargent's
resolution was considered and agreed to.
CONDITION OR SOUTH URN STATES.
Mr. SMITH, of New York, by unanimous
consent, submitted the following resolution;
which was read, considered, and agreed to :
Re solved. That the Judiciary Committee be in-
structed to inquire whether any, and if any, what,
legislation is necessary to guard against the dangers
threatening the liberties of the people of Louisiana,
Alabama, and Arkansas, and to guaranty a repub-
lican form of government and avert the danger of
civil war in the several States of the Union, with
liberty to report at any time by bill or otherwise.
CHANGE OF REFERENCE.
On motion of Mr. HAVVLEY, of Connecti-
cut, by unanimous consent, the Committee of
Claims were discharged from the further con-
sideration of the memorial of William B. West,
late consul at Dublin; and the same was re-
ferred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
On motion of Mr. TWICHELL, by unani-
mous consent, the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads was discharged from
the further consideration of the memorial of
LaFayette Ward; and the same was referred
to tbe Committee of Claims.
On motion of Mr. TWICHELL, also by
unanimous consent, the Committee on the Post !
Office and Post Roads was discharged from ;
the further consideration of the memorial of 1
the Board of Trade of the city of Boston on
the subject of the landing certificates ; and the
same was referred to the Committee of Ways
and Means.
On motion of Mr. TWICHELL, also by
unanimous consent, the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads was discharged
from the further consideration of a memorial
of merchants of Boston for the refunding of ,
amounts of differential duties collected upon
merchandise in French vessels under certain
circumstances; and the same was referred to
the Committee of Ways and Means.
DEPREDATIONS ON TEXAS FRONTIER.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House the following message from
the President of the United States :
To the Senate and Bowteof Representativet:
I transmit to Congress a report from the Secretary
of State, accompanied by that of the commissioners
for inquiring into deprecations upon the frontier of
the State of Texas, appointed pursuant to the joint
resolution of the 7th of May last.
„ TJ. S. GRANT.
Wasbingtok, December 16,1872.
The message was referred to the Committee
on Foreign Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
leave op absence.
By unanimous consent, leave of absence was
franted to Mr. McNeely until the 15th of
anaary next.
By unanimous consent, leave of absence was
granted to Mr. Parker, of New Hampshire,
for the remainder of this week.
By unanimous consent, leave of absence was
granted to Mr. McIntyre until after the holi-
days.
By unanimous consent, leave of absence was
granted to Mr. WmTELEYfor the remainder of
this week.
WITHDRAWAL OP PAPERS.
On motion of Mr. DODDS, by unanimous
consent, leave was granted for the withdrawal
from the files of the House of the petition and
other papers of Mrs. Mary Ann Stonefield.
LEGISLATIVE, ETC., APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Mr. Speaker,
before moving to go into Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, I desire to
ask the attention of the House to three clauses
j in the legislative, &cM appropriation bill, in
order to move to suspend the rules so as to
make it in order to insert in this bill those
clauses which the Committee on Appropria-
tions desire to have inserted.
The bill is in print, and gentlemen can refer
to it; but the clauses are very short, and I
will read them when gentlemen can see pre-
cisely what they are. The first is to be found
upon page 83, and is in these words:
Provided, That no law of any territorial Legisla-
ture shall be made or enforced by which the mem-
bers ofany territorial Legislature shall be paid any
oompensation other than that provided by the laws
of the United States.
The reason of our desiring to make that
change is that we find that some of these ter-
ritorial Legislatures have voted themselves
twelve and fourteen dollars per day and even
more besides what is paid by Congress, and in
one instance ran the Territory in debt $100,000.
I ask that that proviso may be made in order.
The second is as follows:
Provided, That no claims against the United
States for collecting, drilling, or organizing volun-
teers for the war of the rebellion shall be audited or
pai<} unless presented before the end of the fiscal
year ending June 3U, 1871; and all claims for horses
lost prior to January 1,1872, shall be presented by
the end of said fiscal year.
Under a law of 1862 there was a permanent
appropriation made for the expense of recruit-
ing, organizing, aud drilling volunteers, and
large bills are annually presented under that
head which do not need to come before Con-
gress at all. The number of fraudulent claims
are greatly increasing. We therefore propose 1
, that all such claims shall be presented before I
i the end of the next fiscal year, in order to
entitle them to be settled.
The third will be found on page 55 of the
printed bill. I suppose that it was by some
oversight that the salaries of three classes of
employ6s of the Post Office Department were
raised above those paid to the same classes of
employ6s in any of the other Executive De-
partments. I refer to the watchmen, assist-
ant messengers, and laborers, whose pay was
put up a few dollars a year higher than the
pay of similar employes in the other Depart-
ments. The result is that all of these employes
are coming to the committee and want their
pay raised. We have inserted a clause here
to reduce the pay of these employ6s of the
Post Office Department to the same rate paid
them before, and the same paid to similar
employ6s in other Departments. I move that
the rules be so suspended that the provisions
I have referred to shall be in order when this
bill shaU be nnder consideration in Committee
of the Whole.
The question was taken; and (two thirds
voting in favor thereof) the rules were sus-
pended, and the order made accordingly.
DEFICIENCY APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I now move
that the rules be suspended and the House
resolve itself into Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union for the consideration
of the deficiency bill.
Mr, DUKE. Pending that motion, I move
that the House now adjourn.
Mr. HOLM AN. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. Roosevelt] is very familiar with
this subject, so far as it affects the District
of Columbia. I would ask tbe gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Garfield] to let it go over for a
time, until the gentleman from New York can
be present.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I hold in my
hand a letter from the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Roosevelt] to whom reference is
made. He writes that he would like to be here
when this bill is considered, but he has a cold
which renders him almost speechless. He
does not know when he can be here, and asks
me to let him know when the bill will come
up. I telegraphed him on Friday night that
the bill had been postponed until Monday. ■
He states in his letter—I do not suppose he
would object to my having the whole of his
letter read—that he would not ii' present op
pose this bill, except so far as relates to the
appropriation for the District of Columbia, and
then only to move an amendment to guard it
in the mode of payment, and he suggests the
amendment he desires to have offered. I un-
derstand that some other gentleman here is
ready to offer that amendment. As the gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. Roosevelt] is ill
and unable to be present, or if present to speak
on this bill, I do not think we should postpone
its consideration, especially after the statement
contained in his letter. I hope, therefore, that
the motion to adjourn will not prevail, butthat,
we will proceed at once with the consideration
of this pressing bill.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. What part of this
bill is so pressing?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Every part of
it. The Committee on Appropriations have
taken up and considered all the deficiencies
for which estimates were sent in, and have
thrown them into this bill, so that we may be
relieved from the necessity of having all our
deficiencies crowded together as they usually
are at the end of a session of Congress. I wish
to say that for myself I desire to occupy about
twenty or twenty-five minutes in a general
explanation of the bill; and if any other gen-
tleman desires to participate in general debate,
I shall be glad to know it, so that the time for
such debate may be fixed before we go into
Committee of the Whole. If no other gentle-
man desires to occupy any time, 1 move that
all general debate in Committee of the Whole
on the deficiency appropriation bill be limited
to one half hour.
The motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Virginia [Mr. Duke] insist on his motion to
adjourn ?
Mr. DUKE. Yes, sir.
The question being taken on the motion to
adjourn, it was not agreed to, there being—ayes
45, noes 74.
DEFICIENCY APPROPRIATION BILL.
The question recurring on the motion of Mr.
Garfield, of Ohio, that tfie House resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, to proceed to the consid-
eration of the deficiency appropriation bill, it
was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, (Mr. Scofield in the chair,) and
proceeded to consider the bill (H. R. No.
3131) making appropriations to supply defi-
ciencies in the appropriations for the service
of the Government for the fiscal year ending
June 30, 1873, and for other purposes.
The CHAIRMAN. On this bill all general
debate has been limited to one half hour.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. If I can have
the attention of the Committee of the Whole
for a few minutes I will state the grounds of
the various recommendations of the Com-
mittee on Appropriations. The first item in
this bill is for a deficiency in the Post Office
Department arising from two sources. The
first appropriation is for the postal card ser-
vice. It will be remembered that in the postal
code bill of last session a clause was inserted
authorizing the Postmaster General to intro-
duce postal cards, which were to pay a rate of
one cent for each card. He is now prepared to
introduce the system. He estimates that one
hundred million cards will be used in a year;
that the paper for a thousand cards weighing
six pounds will cost $1 20; that the work on
the paper will amount to forty-seven cents a
thousand; that the cost for a hundred million/
of these cards—the number necessary for a
year according to his estimate—will be $107,-
000, leaving thereby, as he believes, a net gain
to the Post Office Department of $833,000
per annum. He asks now an appropriation
of $50,000 to carry on a manufacture of these
