1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1195
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I thought
he did for every five years.
Mr. YOUNG. For every five years of con-
tinuous service.
Mr. COBURN. But we propose to strike
out the word " continuous" in the law, so that
a meritorious professor would not be cut off
from the percentage to which he would other-
wise have been entitled by reason of his having
broken his term. And we give him a percent,
above his rank. I think the amendment which
the Committee on Military Affairs propose
and recommend ought to be adopted, and not
that of the gentleman from Massachusetts.
It gives them good pay, and, as I said a while
ago, there are forty-five officers and men on
the academic staff, every one of whom gets this
increased pay, and has from four to six assist-
ants. We could well afford to give higher pay
if some of the assistant and acting assistant
professors were cut off. The amendment of
the gentleman makes too large an increase.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The question was taken on the substitute
offered by Mr. Butler, of Massachusetts, and
it was agreed to; there being on a division—
ayes sixty-seven, noes not counted.
The question recurred on agreeing to the
amendment as amended.
Mr. STOUGHTON. I move to further
amend the pending amendment by inserting
after thewords "andall Other professors" the
words "and the instructor in ordnance and
the science of gunnery." Upon that I desire
to say a single word. The great changes and
improvements in ordnance and gunnery have
rendered absolutely necessary a professor of
ordnance and the science of gunnery at West
Point. An Army officer is now detailed for
that purpose, but he has not the advantages
with the rank that he ought to have. My
amendment simply recognizes hint as one of
the officers of the Academy, and puts him on
a par with the lowest of those provided for in
this amendment. I believe there is no objec-
tion on the part of the mover of the pending
amendment [Mr. Butler, of Massachusetts]
to the amendment which I have offered.
The question was then taken upon the
amendment moved by Mr. Stoughton ; and
upon a division there were—ayes 32. noes 19 ;
no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Stoughton
and Mr. Farnsworth were appointed.
The committee again divided ; and the tell-
ers reported that there were—ayes eighty,
noes not counted.
So the amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The amendment as amended was then
agreed to.
The Clerk resumed and concluded the read-
ing of the bill.
Mr. YOUNG. I move to amend the bill
by adding thereto the following:
That the Secretary of War be, and hereby is,
directed to pay to the "Visitors" appointed by the
President in the year 1867 the full amount of their
mileage from their homes to the Military Academy,
and back to their homes, as provided by law.
Mr. MARSHALL. I raise the point that
that amendment is not in order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I move, that
this bill be now laid aside, and that the com-
mittee proceed to the consideration of Senate
bill No. 1242, in relation to the Boston post
office.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I make the point
of order that the bill referred to is not a
regular appropriation bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The House is now in
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union. -The committee has considered the
bill making appropriations for the support oi
the Military Academy at West Point. Having
concluded the consideration of that bill, it is
in order for it to proceed with the considera-
tion of the other business on the Calendar of
the Committee of the Whole. The Boston
post office bill is on that Calendar.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. That is true ; but it
is not the next business in order on the Cal-
endar.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Then I move
to lay aside the Military Academy appropria-
tion bill, to be reported to the House when the
committee rises, and in the mean time that we
go on and consider, in the regular order, the
business on the Calendar.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move that the
committee now rise and report this bill to the
House.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I hope gentle-
tlemen will help forward the consideration of
business that must be attended to on the Cal-
endar.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. We are willing to
go on with the regular appropriation bills for
carrying on the Government. But for one I
do not propose to take up old claims, or new
ones, out of their order.
The question was taken on the motion that
the committee rise; and it was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose ; and the
Speaker resumed the chair.
Mr. E. H. ROBERTS then reported that,
pursuant to order of the House, the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union
had had under consideration 'the state of the
Union generally, and particularly the bill (B.
R. No. 3737) making appropriations for the
supportof the Military Academy at WestPoint
for the year ending June 80, 1874, and bad
directed him to report the same back to the
House with sundry amendments.
message from tub senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Symp-
son, one of its clerks, informed the House
that the Senate bad passed without amend-
ment a bill of the House of the following
title:
A bill (H. R. No. 3476) to provide for the
removal of the wooden buildings on Judiciary
square.
The message further announced that the
Senate insisted Upon its second amendment,
disagreed to by the House, and agreed, with
an amendment in which the concurrence of
the House was requested, to the amendment
of the House to the first amendment of the
Senate to the House joint resolution of the
following title:
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 170) to enable
the people of the United States to participate
in the advantages of the international exposi-
tion to be held at Vienna in 1873.
The message also announced that the Sen-
ate had passed, and requested the concurrence
of the House, in a bill of the following title:
A bill (S. No. 1551) to amend an act en-
titled "An act granting a pension to Captain
Henry M. Scott," approved April 9, 1872.
MILITARY ACADEMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
The House resumed the consideration of
the Military Academy appropriation bill, re-
ported with amendments from the Committee
of the Whole.
Mr. MARSHALL. I call the previous
question on the bill and amendments.
The previous question was seconded and
the main question ordered.
Mr. GARFIELD, of' Ohio. I call for a
separate vote on the amendment in relation to
the Spanish professorship.
Mr. MOREY. I call for a separate vote on
the amendment changing the present status
of the professors at West Point.
The first amendment reported from the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union
was read as follows :
In lines eleven, twelve, and thirteen of the printed
bill strike out the following: . , .
And the Secretary of War may, in his discretion,
substitute for the professorship of Spanish a pro-
fessorship of rhetoric and English literature.
The ques'iou being taken on the amend-
ment, it was agreed to, there being—ayes 77,
noes 49.
The _ next amendment reported from the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union was read, as follows:
Insert after the second paragraph of the bill the
following:
, Provided. That the professors of the United States
Military'Academy whoso service in the Army apd at
the Academy exceeds ten years shall have the pay
and allowances of colonel of engineers; andall other
professors and the instructor in ordnance and the
science of gunnery shall have the pay and allow-
ances of lieutenant colonel of engineers: and here-
after there shall be allowed and paid to said pro-
fessors ten per cent, of their current yearly pay for
each and every term of five years' service: Provided,
That such addition shall in no case exceed forty per
cent, of said yearly pay; and said professors are
hereby placed upon the same footing as regards re-
tirement from active service as officers of the Army.
The question being taken on agreeing to the
amendment, there were—ayes seventy-eight,
noes not counted.
Mr. SARGENT. I call for the yeas and
nays.
On ordering the yeas and nays there were—
ayes 17, noes 73; less than one fifth voting in
the affirmative.
Mr. SARGENT. I call for tellers on order-
ing the yeas and nays. I want a record oH
this subject of increasing these salaries.
Tellers were not ordered.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
So the amendment was adopted.
The question then recurred on ordering the
bill as amended to be engrossed and read a
third time.
The question being taken, it was decided
in the affirmative—ayes eighty-one, noes not
counted.
The bill was read a third time by its title.
Mr. MORBY. I call for the reading of the
engrossed bill.
The SPEAKER. It has been read.
Mr. MORBY. I ask whether the bill at the
desk is the engrossed bill?
The SPEAKER. The Clerk has read the
title of the bill. The rules require that if a
member desires to have the engrossed bill
read, he must ask for the reading of it before
the bill has been read a third time by its title.
Mr. MOREY. I sought the floor in time;
but the Speaker did not notice me. I under-
stand that under the rules I have the right to
call for the reading of an engrossed bill.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has no
right to call for the reading of the engrossed
bill after the bill has been read by its title.
Mr. MOREY. But I have called attention
to the fact that there is no engrossed bill on
the Clerk's desk.
The SPEAKER. Precisely; and that is
the case with ninety-nine out of a hundred
bills passed by the House.
Mr. MOREY. I called attention to the fact
before the bill was read.
The SPEAKER. The Chair did not hear
the gentleman ; but, if he desires, he can ac-
complish his point by moving to reconsider.
Mr. MOREY. I state as a matter of fact
that I demanded in time the reading of the
engrossed bill.
The SPEAKER. Was it before the Clerk
had read the bill by its title ?
Mr. MOREY. Yes, sir.
The SPEAKER. The Chair always takes
the word of a gentleman on the floor upon
such a point. The gentleman from Louisiana
[Mr. Mokey] demands the reading of the
engrossed bill.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. In order to
allow time for the engrossment, I move to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was
ordered to be engrossed ; and on that motion
I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 36, nays 137, not voting
67 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Ambler, Barry, Beatty, Boles, Bur-
chard, I)ickey, Bunnell, Farnsworth, Fmkelnburg,
Fryc, Garfield, Hale, llalsey, George E. Harris, (Jerry
