1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2155
I ask for the yeas and
Mr. HARLAN.
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. THURMAN. I do not suppose that
one half this Senate, perhaps not one fourth,
understand the question presented by the
clause now sought to be stricken out by this
amendment. Here is a proposition to vote
away $1,650,600, and I venture to say there are
not ten members of this Senate who under-
stand why that vote is asked for.
Mr. COLE. Will the Senator indulge me
a moment?
Mr. THURMAN. So that it does not come
out of my five minutes, I will.
Mr. COLE. If the Senator will look, he
will see that this clause merely authorizes the
Secretary of the Interior " to draw from the
Treasury by requisition in due form the amount
so transferred. It merely transfers a fund
and invests the sum in United States registered
stocks, in accordance with the provisions of a
treaty.
Mr. THURMAN. Yes ; it proposes to put
to the credit of the Cherokee Indians $1,650,-
600. That is what it proposes, and that is
followed by other provisions on that and the
succeeding pages, making under this defi-
ciency bill appropriations of between two and
three million dollars for Indian claims. I
protest against it. If this proposition is right,
let it be brought in in a separate bill that can
be considered by a committee and discussed in
the Senate.
The idea of voting away between two and
three million dollars under a five-minutes
rule of debate, is to my mind simply absurd;
worse than absurd, it is monstrous. Why
here are some of these claims that are nearly
as old as any member of this Senate. Here
is one of these claims that I recollect seeing
fought over in the House of Representatives
twenty-seven years ago, defeated then ; and
yet the thing is alive here to-day in the
Senate.
Mr. President, I protest against this. I
insist that these provisions shall be stricken
oat of an appropriation bill, and if they have
any merit let them be brought in in separate
bills relating each to itsownparticularsubjeet-
matter, and then let those bills be considered
by the appropriate committees and subjected
to the test of a discussion in the Senate. The
idea of fastening all these things on to an ap-
propriation bill at the close of the session, on
the last day of the session, with debate limi-
ted to five minutes, is not legislation at all; it
is simply an abuse.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I understand
that the proposition under consideration relates
to the Osage Indiau lands, so-called. It is not
a new subject in the Senate. I have had occa-
sion heretofore to examine this proposition.
The whole subject, stated in a few words,^ is
this: the Osage Indians had a reservation
of about eight million acres on the southern
boundaries of Kansas. It may be remembered
that three or four years ago there was an at-
tempt to adjust matters with the Indians, then
in difficulty trith the'settlers or squatters in
Kansas, and to provide a home for the Indians
in the Indian country. That question was
before the Senate. It was a question then of
forcibly ejecting the Indians, as I thought, by
act of Congress, against their treaty stipula-
tions, and forcing them into this country and
'at what I believed to be an unreasonably low
price for their lands. Passing over that, the
action of Congress on that subject was that the
Smhans should go to the Indian country, pro-
\ ided we could get their consent so to do ; that
the eight million acres of land, which they
were then occupying, which they had a right
to hold under treaty stipulations with us, and
which by one of those treaties we held m trust,
should be sold, one half at ijl 2d per acre, the
proceeds to be held for them. It was agreed
that if the Indians would consent to go to the
Indian country, the Government of the United
States would hold the eight million acres of
land in trust, to be disposed of for their ben-
efit ; the proceeds first to go into the Treasury ;
secondly, to be paid for the procurement of a
home in the Indian Territory, and that home
was to be procured of the Cherokee nation
then owning this land under a treaty with that
nation dated in 1866, by which we had a right
to acquire homes in that country for such tribes
of Indians as we saw fit to remove to that
country.
These are the facts. What is the result?
The Osage Indians have been removed there.
We have taken for them lands of the Cherokee
nation. This is a proposition to pay for it;
and that is all there is of it. Pay for it how?
Why it is said $1,000,000 goes out of the
Treasury of the United States. Not at all, sir;
not a farthing. It is simply a conventional
arrangement, or an arrangement by a provision
of law by which you shall execute the action
of Congress of three years ago; that is to say,
having removed these Indians to the Indiau
country, you want to pay out of the funds
originating from their land, the eight million
acres of land, for the new home which has
been acquired for them in the Indian country.
There is not the slightest occasion on earth of
taking alarm that the Treasury of the United
States is to be robbed, or that the Indians are
to be robbed in this transaction. Why, sir,
the Indians by the action of Congress three
years ago, in preserving these eight million
acres of land for their use and benefit, are to
have a fund of over $10,000,000 from these
lands.
Mr. MORTON. I desire to ask the Senator
this question, whether this amount of money
has actually been received into the Treasury
from the sale of these lands held in trust for
the Indians?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. No, sir. The
trust was that they should be sold at $1 25, a
portion of them, and another portion at $1 50,
but it involved the necessity of a survey of the
lands. Provisions have been made from time
to time to pay for this land out of the trust
fund, always at the expense of the Indians.
How much has been collected and precisely
how the balance stands with the Indians, I
am not able to say; I am not weli informed_;
but whatever there is appropriated here, is
appropriated against the Indian fund to come
out of the Osage lands.
Mr. HARLAN. The honorable Senator
will allow me to say that I understand the
amount of money already received from the
sale of the Osage lands is over two millions.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Then this will
not embarrass the Treasury at all, nor will it
embarrass the Indians. You will now pay for
their homes out of their own funds in the
Treasury of the United States, resulting from
what I have regarded always as a provident
arrangement both for the Government and for
the Indians, and in every way liberal to the
Indians.
Now, sir, I wish to say one other word.
Whenever these appropriation bills come in,
whether gentlemen are well informed on the
subject or not, they are always the subject of
assault. Of course 1 do not address myself to
the honorable Senator from Ohio, but I know
he is always rigid, he is always reasonable
when well informed, but sometimes he " goes
for" these bills in a way that looks as if he
intended to defeat them anyhow. I know that
is not his purpose ; but if the honorable Sen-
ator was well informed upon the facts m this
particular case, I think he would agree with
me that this is just as clear an instance as
could possibly be made both for the Indians
and for the Government, equitable to the
Indians and equitable and rigiit on the part
of the Government, I hope, therefore, that
we shall not be alarmed by simply a declara-
tion that it is a large sum of money. It is a
large sum of money, to be sure, but it provides
only for an arrangement as to the disposition
of this Indian fund under previous acts of
Congress.
Mr. SHERMAN. The subject-matter of
this clause is not what I supposed it was. It
turns out that both my colleague and [ were at
the first view mistaken as to the subject-matter
of this appropriation. I supposed it was the
old Cherokee claim.
Then the next question is whether on an ap-
propriation bill we ought to legislate, mani-
festly, I think as the Senator will see when he
examines the statute, to the injury of these
Indians ? I would not object to this legislation
if it came before us where we had time to ex-
amine the law and debate it. I have the law
before me. It is true, as the Senator says,
that this is the proceeds of land belonging to
the Osage Indians ar.d it h now in the Treas-
ury of the United States bearing five per cent,
interest. There it is safe and the five per cent,
interest can be used for their benefit—the whole
of it.
But, sir, this bill requires that this money
shall be drawn from the Treasury in bulk, in-
vested in bonds, and then used in a different
way. Here is a direct misapplication or diver-
sion of a fund in the nature of a trust fund,
from the purposes and uses and under the
limitations which would otherwise pervfiil.
Here was an annuity provided by a general
statute, and now the principal of that annuity
is to be drawn out of the Treasury and invested
in United States registered stocks at what they
will cost, and then applied so and so. Mr.
President, here is a violation of the trust.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Let me say to
my honorable friend that it cannot be a viola-
tion of the trust, because by the very arrange-
ment with the Indians we were to provide them
a home and it was to be provided out of the
proceeds of the sales of their lands._ We now
propose to execute that trust, to wit: having
sold so much of these lands and having pur-
chased for these Indians a new home in the
Indian country, we now simply make provision
to pay for that new home. That is all.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator, with his preceding speech, has spoken
five minutes. The question is on the amend-
ment, upon which the yeas and nays have been
ordered.
Mr. CASSERLY. I should like to inquire
of the Senator from Maine or of the Senator
from Ohio, both of whom undoubtedly are
informed on the general subject, as to a ques-
tion which is left entirely in darkness by this
amendment. After the amount drawn out of
the Treasury is invested in United States regis-
tered stocks, what is to be done with the pro-
ceeds of the investment?
Mr. SHERMAN". That is precisely what
I object to. There is no provision as to what
is to be done with that money, no direction to
what use the stock is to be applied. It may
be misapplied. The money is now safe.
Mr. HARLAN. I can answer that ques-
tion. The treaty between the United States
and the Cherokee Indians provides that tin?
money they shall receive fro pi the sale ot
these lands shall be invested in Government
stocks. There are three things to be effected
by this clause: first, to draw money belonging
to the Osage Indians to pay the Cherokees for
the land the Osages have bought from them ;
in the next place, to invest the money thus
paid over to the Cherokees in Government
bonds, as the treaty with the United States
provides it shall be invested. The law pro-
vides for the sale of the Osage lands, the
money, to belong to the Osages, and that so
much of it as is necessary may be applied to
buying another home for them ol the Chero-
kees. That purchase has been made. Now
the Department desire to take out of the
Osage money enough to pay the Cherokees
for that new home. The treaty between the
