1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1197
figures, illustrating the various games, hunting
scenes, religious ceremonies, habits, manners,
modes of life, customs, &c., of the N orth Amer-
ican Indians, together with a great variety of
Indian dresses, manufactures, war implements,
&c.; also, to over one hundred and fifty ear-
toons, representing the appearance, and de-
scriptive of the characteristics of the South
American Indians, with a view to the pur-
chase of them by the Government.
By Mr. STARKWEATHER; The petition
of the national banks in New London, Con-
necticut, asking the removal of bank taxes.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, February 8, 1873.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was' read and
approved.
public building at covington.
Mr. ARTHUR. I ask that by unainmous
consent the bill (S. No. 1206) for the erection
of a public building for the use of the United
States in Covington, Kentucky, be taken from
the Speaker's table for present consideration.
The SPEAKER. The bill will be read for
information, after which objections, if any, will
be in order.
The bill was read. It authorizes and directs
the Secretary of the Treasury to cause to be
constructed a suitable brick building, with a
fire-proof brick vault extending to each
story, in the city of Covington, Kentucky, for
the accommodation of the United States cir-
cuit and district courts, post office, and
other Government offices; and the sum of
§130,000 is appropriated for the purpose
aforesaid, out of any money in the Treasury
not otherwise appropriated, of which not more
than $30,000 shall be used in payment for the
site ; and the Secretary of the Treasury shall
cause the proper plans and estimates to be
made, so that no expenditures shall be made
or authorized, for the full completion of said
building, beyond the sum appropriated ; pro-
vided that no money appropriated shall be
used or expended until a valid title to the
land for a site, independent and unexposed to
danger from fire in adjacent buildings, shall
be vested in the United States, nor until the
State of Kentucky shall cede its jurisdiction
over the same, and also duly release and re-
linquish to the United States the right to tax
or in any way assess the site, or the property
of the United States that may be thereon,
during the time that the United States shall
be or remain the owner thereof.
There was no objection ; and the bill was
taken from the Speaker's table, read three
times, and passed.
ilr. ARTHUR moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CONSULAR, ETC., APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. SWANN. I ask that, by unanimous
consent, the bill (H. R. No. 3258) making
apppropriations for the consular and diplo-
matic service of the Government for the year
ending June 30, 1874, and for other purposes,
which has been returned from the Senate with
amendments, be taken from the Speaker's
table, the amendments non-concurred in, and
a conference asked on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses.
There was no objection; and it was so
ordered.
Mr. SWANN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the House agreed to ask for a com-
mittee of conference ; and also moved that the
motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
northern judicial district mississippi.
Mr BARRY. There is a bill in relation to
the northern judicial district of the State of
Mississippi, which creates no additional offi-
cers and causes no additional expense to the
Government. It has been considered by the
Committee on the Judiciary, and was unani-
mously ordered to be reported by the gentle-
man from Indiana, [Mr. Wilson,] the chair-
man of the Credit Mobilier investigation eom-
mitee No. 2. That gentleman is absent on
business of the committee, and has requested
me to bring it before the House and ask that
it be passed.
The bill was read.
Mr. MACINTYRE. Has that bill been
considered by the Committee on the Judiciary ?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mis-
sissippi [Mr. Barry] has stated that it is the
unanimous report of the Committee ou the
Judiciary.
There.being no objection, the Committee on
the Judiciary was discharged from the further
consideration of the bill (H. R. No. 690) to
amend the several acts in relation to the
northern judicial district of the State of Mis-
sissippi, and to provide for the times and places
of holding the district courts of the United
States therein in future; and the same was
ordered to be engrossed, and read a third time;
and being engrossed, it was accordingly read
the third time, and passed.
Mr. BARRY- moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
sufferers by boston fire.
Mr. DAWES. I would like the indulgence
of the House for two or three minutes to state
in the briefest manner possible what I ask of
them when I request permission to bring for-
ward for consideration at this time, or some-
early time, what is knowu as the Boston relief
bill. I have troubled the House before with
this subject, and I am very reluctant to thrust
myself upon the House again by asking for
the consideration of this bill.
I desire first to state that this is the only
possible measure of relief that can pass for
the sufferers of the Boston fire. There have
been four great fires in this country; the one
in New York in 1835, and the others at later
periods in Portland, Chicago, and Boston.
In the cases of New York, Portland, and
Chicago, Congress has felt it to be a duty to
try and give some measure of relief. I do not
think, and it is furthest from my intention to
suggest, that this House is not just as willing
to do for Boston what it did for the other
cities under similar circumstances. I speak
of this only to show the exact condition of
things.
When the New York fire occurred Congress
first grauted to the whole people of that city
an extension of one year within which to pay
all their duties in the custom-house. That
was not deemed sufficient to meet the case.
Congress afterward passed a law, of which
the bill I hold in my hand is substantially a
copy, extending to the actual sufferers this
measure of relief, that the money which they
had paid as duties on goods actually con-
sumed might pass again in payment of duties
on goods that were to take the place of those
that were burned. When the Portland fire
occurred we passed a bill exempting building
materials from duty, and the sufferers from
internal taxes. Whon the fire in Chicago oc-
curred we at once appropriated $4,000,000 for
a large public building there, making the entire
appropriation at once. Then we passed a relief
bill admitting all building materials free of ;
duty. j
Three measures have been presented for the
relief of the Boston sufferers, two of them fol- ;
lowing the exact precedents I have named. '
The first of them passed this House unani- :
luously, and has gone to the other branch of ,
Congress. But it is perfectly apparent that
it cannot pass that body, although it is in ■
exact accordance with the Chicago precedent.
That bill is withdrawn by its friends. It will
not pass the Senate, and its friends will not
press it because they believe it cannot pass.
Then there was introduced a bill- for the
relief of the firemen of Boston, who saved
about $13,000,000 of the property of the Uni-
ted States there. It seems impossible that
that bill should become a law.
Now. from the Committee of Ways and
Means, I ask that I may be permitted to sub-
mit to the House for its consideration a bill
which is substantially a copy of the act passed
in 1838 for the relief of the city of New^York.
Just where it differs from that act, I will, of
course, tell the House whenever it is before
them.
This is all I ask; I ask it in behalf of the
people of Boston. They are not my especial
constituents ; their own Representatives can
and are ready and anxious to speak for them.
But this bill comes from my committee, and
therefore to that extent I am charged with the
responsibility of asking the House to consider
this last and only measure of relief for the
sufferers by the fire in Boston.
Mr. HIBBARD. I must object to consid-
ering that bill now. After the morning hour
I will withdraw my objection, so far as I am
concerned.
Mr. DAWES. I only ask permission to
bring this bill forward at such time as will be
consistent with the public business.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman had better
indicate some particular time.
Mr. COX. Has the gentleman modified
the bill since its first introduction?
Mr. DAWES. There are two amendments
which I propose to offer to the bill, in the line
of some objections suggested by the gentle-
man from New York, [Mr. Cox.]
Mr. KERR. I object to the bill being con-
sidered now.
Mr. DAWES. I do not ask for its imme-
diate consideration. But I will ask permission
to renew my request after the morning hour.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. I must object to
that.
The SPEAKER. The House has assigned
to-day, after the morning hour, to the con-
sideration of reports from the Committee of
Claims, to the exclusion of all other business.
chief of bureau of statistics.
Mr. E. H. ROBERTS. I ask consent to
report back from the Committee of Ways
and Means, for consideration at this time,
House bill No. 3747, to prescribe the duties
of the chief of the Bureau of Statistics.
Mr. HIBBARD. I object, and call for the
regular order of business.
william wneelisr hubbbll.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of
business being called for, the morning hour
will now begin at twenty-eight minutes past
twelve o'clock, and the House will resume the
consideration of the bill reported by the gen-
tleman from California [Mr. Coghlan] from
the Committee on Naval Affairs (H. R. No.
3853) to settle for the inventions and patents
of William Wheeler Hubbcll, and which comes
over as unfinished busiuess from the morning
hour of yesterday.
Mr. COGHLAN. I now yield to the gen-
tleman from Michigan, [Mr. Sutherland,]
my colleague on the committee.
Mr. SUTHERLAND. Mr. Speaker, the
Committee on Naval Affairs report favorably
upon this bill, in order that this claimant may
receive what has been determined to be just
compensation. The question of what would
be just compensation to him has not beeu
simply ascertained by an inquiry before a com-
mittee of Congress; it has been ascertained
by the Court of Claims by a thorough inves-
tigation upon testimony. The Government
was represented in that court by able counsel,
and the claimant was also represented by able
counsel. That litigation, in order to detenu -
