2158
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
inserting after the word "necessary" the
words "to pay for lands purchased by the
Osages from the Cherokees;" so as to read:
The sum of $1,650,000, or so much thereof as may
be necessary, to pay for lands purchased by the
Osages from the Cherokees, and to plaee tn© same
on the books of his Department to the credit of the
Cherokee Indians, &c.
Making it certain for what purpose this
money is to be applied.
Mr. THURMAN. Now will the Senator
from Maine tell the Senate that the Osage
Indians ever agreed on the price of that land ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Yes, sir,
Mr. THURMAN, Where is the evidence
of that?
Mr. MOBRILL, of Maine. I have not got
it in my pocket, but I know the fact, and I
will tell the Senator where he can find it. It
is a fact of record on the Journals of both
these bodies in communications from the Sec-
retary of the Interior. When this arrange-
ment was made these Indians were to be con-
sulted about the land. A commission was
sent by the Secretary of the Interior down to
these Indians to negotiate the terms of the
purchase and to induce the Indians to go into
that country. A great deal of difficulty and
trouble grew out of it before they could be
induced to go. The Indians were called into
council with these commissioners and they
did agree to go ; that is the head-men went;
they selected the" land, and they agreed on the
price.
Mr. THURMAN. They were turned off
the most valuable of those lands on which they
had made their improvements, and other lands
were assigned to them in lieu of them. That
is the truth about it; and now where is the
evidence as to the price of the other lands ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. That is un-
doubtedly true ; but then another arrangement
was made with the Indians, as I understand,
entirely to their satisfaction, and they are now
in those new homes.
Mr. THURMAN. But this is a proposition
to take money that belongs to the Osage In-
dians that is in the Treasury bearing five per
cent, interest and to give that to the Cherokees.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. For what?
Mr. THURMAN. As the consideration for
lands they now occupy, without the Osages
ever* having agreed, so far as we know, as to
the value of those lands or what should be
given for them.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, If we should trust
the Secretary of the Interior to spend money
for the specific purpose of paying for lands
thus purchased and he should as a matter of
fact pay money for lands which never had
been purchased, what would be the presump-
tion ? That is all there is of it. My honor-
able friend's position comes to this then: that
having driven the Osages by the point of the
bayonet out of this country, and three coun-
ties having been organized in«Kansas out of
their lands——
Mr. THURMAN. You drove them out by
the bayonet and now you propose to take
their money.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. No, sir; we
drove them out of the country by the point of
the bayonet to give place to that spreading
population which is irresistible; but what did
we do ? We provided for the protection of
their rights. We said "We will hold these
lands in trust for you and sell them at not less
than $1 25 or $1 50 an acre." That is what
we are doing. What was the next proposi-
tion ? To buy these people a home in the In-
dian country. They were reluctant to go, but
did consent to go, and they are there to-day
nnder the protection of the Government of the
United States, so far as it is possible for an
Indian in the providence of God and the pol-
icy of this Government to be. We are taking
lands which belong to the Cherokees in order
to provide for these Indians whom we have
driven out of their old homes. The only ques-
tion in the world is, will we pay for them out
of the funds we hold intrust for this particular
purpose among other things ? That is all there
is of it; and what does my honorable friend
say to that? He says "Nonconstat that they
have not got any lands there; how do we
know they have got any lands there?" Well,
sir, there will be nothing to pay if they have
not. This provision puts at the disposal of
the Secretary of the Interior so much of a cer-
tain fund as is necessary for what? To pay
for lands purchased by the Osages from the
Cherokees. If there was any doubt, any
question that the Secretary would honorably
and fairly discharge that trust, then we might
hesitate; but if there is none, then I ask where
can be the hesitation in this case ?
Mr. THURMAN. I suppose the five-min-
utes rule is abolished.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. My honorable
friend called me up to answer him.
Mr. THURMAN. Certainly, and I listened
with very great pleasure. As I do not wish to
violate the five-minutes rule, I shall simply say
this, that there is no discretion left at all.
This bill, if passed, is mandatory upon the
Secretary to give to the Cherokees credit for
"the sum of $1,650,600, or so much thereof
as may be necessary, and to place the same
on the books of his Department to the credit
of the Cherokee Indians," without one single
word before us to show that the price of those
lands has ever been fixed as they ought to be
fixed by law.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Ed-
munds in the chair.) The question is on
agreeing to the amendment proposed by the
Senator from Maine, [Mr. Morrill.]
Mr. CONKLING. Let us hear the amend-
ment reported.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment,
which was in line five hundred and forty-six,
page 23, after the word "necessary" to insert
"to pay for lands purchased by the Osages
from the Cherokees."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. If this proposition is to
be adopted I desire to strike out the clause
from line five hundred and fifty-five to line five
hundred and sixty, which I will ask the Secre-
tary to read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows;
And the Secretary of the Interior is hereby
authorized to draw from-the Treasury, by requi-
sition in due form, the amount so transferred, and
invest the same in United States registered stocks,
in accordance with the provisions of the twenty-
third article of the Cherokee treaty of July 19, 1SR6.
Mr. SHERMAN. The first clause of this par-
agraph provides for the transfer of $1,650,600
of registered stock bearing five per cent, inter-
est from the Osage fund to the Cherokee fund
in payment of land.
Mr. HARLAN. I think it is in money.
The Osage funds have not been invested, I
think.
Mr. SHERMAN. The law expressly invests
it in a five per cent, fund—the law which was
read by my colleague, and I examined it care-
fully.
Mr. HARLAN. That may be so.
Mr. SHERMAN. This second clause pro-
vides for the payment of this fund of $1,650,-
G00 in money, to be invested in bonds pur-
chased in open market for the Indians. These
two clauses are entirely inconsistent with each
other. If this is intended as a friendly trans-
fer of SI,050,600 from the Osage fund to the
Cherokee fund in payment of lands bought for
the Osages from the Cherokees, that is the end
of the transaction ; but the second clause pro-
vides for an actual payment upon requisition,
in currency, of §1,650,600. That currency is
to be invested in bonds to be bought in open
market in the city of New York for some pur-
pose which is not very well defined. It seems
to me, therefore, that these clauses are incon-
sistent with each other. The transaction is
complete by the transfer without this clause.
If Senators are determined to legislate in this
way in regard to this important matter with-
out fuller information, I trust they will at least
have their proposition consistent in all its parts.
Mr. HARLAN. I am right in relation to
the money not having been invested. I have
just looked at the law read by the honorable
Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Thurman. ] It pro-
vides that the money shall stand on the books
of the Treasury, and that the Indians shall be
entitled to five per cent, upon it. It is not in-
vested in bonds, and it will require no sale of
bonds. But the treaty with the Cherokee
Indians provides that the money that they
derive from the sale of their lands shall be in-
vested in Government bonds or stocks; and
if we refuse to do it, we simply refuse to carry
into effect an existing treaty.
Mr. SHERMAN. If we are to legislate for
these Indians in this way, let me illustrate the
effect of it. These Indians get $1,650,000 in
currency, and to-day they will be able to buy
about $1,500,000 of five per cent, bonds.
There will be a sacrifice of their interest to
the amount of thirteen or fourteen per cent, at
once.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Allow me to
make an inquiry as to this proposition. This
money is to be drawn from the 'funds of the
Osages, to enable them to pay the Cherokees.
When it is transferred from the Osages, how
will it be transferred to the Cherokees?
Mr. SHERMAN. Simply by a transfer
draft in the Treasury from one account to
another. It is done every day.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. It will be taken
from the account of the Osages and placed to
the account of the Cherokees?
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes, sir; and bear five
per cent, interest, while the Cherokees could
not with the currency buy five per cent, bonds
to an equal amount.
Mr. HARLAN. How will the Cherokees
derive any benefit from that? If they are to
receive pay for their land by a transfer war-
rant, transferring the money from the account
of the Osages to the account of the Cherokees,
how are the Cherokees to get the money ?
Mr. SHERMAN. They get five per cent,
on this fund.
Mr. HARLAN. What provision of law is
there for that ?
Mr. SHERMAN. The law provides for it
exactly.
Mr. HARLAN. It provides that the Osages
may draw five per cent, on the money so long
as it stands to their credit; but when they pay
a debt with it which they owe the Cherokees,
how will the Cherokees be able to collect from
the United States this five per cent, from
either the principal or the interest?
Mr. SHERMAN. When the principal bear-
ing interest is transferred, as a matter Of
course it carries the interest with it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Is it trans-
ferred ?
Mr. SHERMAN. Certainly. By the ex-
press terms of the lav/ it bears five per cent,
interest.
Mr. HARLAN. It leaves five per cent,
interest so long as it stands to the credit of the
Osages, but when it is transferred to the credit
of the Cherokees the treaty provides that it
shall be invested in bonds. That is what the
law provides, and this provision in the text
of the bill which comes from the House pro-
vides that that law shall be carried into effect.
The PRESIDING OFETCER, (Mr. Ferry,
of Michigan, in the chair.) The question is
on the amendment proposed by the Senator
from Ohio, [Mr. Sherman.]
The question being put, it was declared that
the noes appeared to prevail.
Mr. SHERMAN. I shall call for a division.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. It can be fixed
afterward.
Mr. SHERMAN. If it is defeated now,
this is the final end of it; there will be no
chance to fix it. Here we are compelled to
legislate in the dark without information.
This is a House proposition.
