1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
119$
what will make the award of the court equal
to $200,000. I am utterly unable to see on
what ground, either of law or equity, we
ought to make this additional, allowance. In
my opinion—and I place myself mainly on the
assumption that this House never can, by rea-
son of defects which inhere in the organization
of any legislative body, perform wisely or justly
judicial functions of this kind; for it is im-
possible in the nature of our organization, in
view of our numbers, our machinery for de-
cisions, our modes of action, and our motives
of action—it is impossible, I say, we can as
well perform judicial functions as courts of
justice. We ought, therefore, wherever a
court of the country of competent jurisdiction
on the express authority of Congress has passed
upon a claim or right of this kind, to govern
and regulate our conduct according to that
judicial determination. . If we do not, we can
never reach conclusions here to bind or estop
anybody. We can never settle anything, and
yet everybody will concede that the interests
of the public demand there shall be an end
sometime of claims of this sort. Now, sir,
many years have intervened since this claim
arose. There has been a great deal of agita-
tion on the subject in this House. This
claimant, like all other inventors, is profoundly
earnest in his convictions that he ought to
have this money. He is honest in it. I never
knew a class of men who as a class were more
confirmed and sincere enthusiasts in thepursuit
of their convictions than inventors. Mr. Hub-
bell believes he ought to have a million dol-
lars. He thinks the Government will never
do him complete justice until it does give him
that sum of money. Now, I do not say this in
reproach of Mr. Hubbell; I have respect for
him; I believe him to be an honest man ; but,
Mr. Speaker, we must be governed here, not
by our opinions of A or B; we must not be
controlled in our judgments by our sympathies
for individuals against the public interests. If
I should consent to govern my conduct here ac-
cording to my feelings of personal sympathy,
I would Vote for this bill. But I cannot, and
I am sure the House ought not to do so.
Resting, then, upon these two conclusions,
first, the express language of the law, and
second, the clear requirements of our public
duty as Representatives, I am still opposed to
the enactment of this bill at all, either in its
present form or in the amendment offered by
the gentleman from Maryland, [Mr. Archer.]
I think that no more should be paid upon this
claim. I think that this claimant, by his own
express and voluntary acts, is estopped now
from coining here and demanding any more.
Mr. Speaker, unless the gentleman from
California [Mr. Coghlan] desires that I shall
not now do so, I wish to move that the bill be
laid on the table.
Mr. COGHLAN. I ask the gentleman to
postpone his motion for a short time.
Mr. KERR. I will not make it then at
present.
Mr. COGHLAN. I wish to say, in answer
to the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Kerr,]
that the members of the Committee on Naval
Affairs, who have examined carefully and
earnestly this matter for the last two or three
months or more, in fact during this whole
Congress, entirely agree with the gentleman
in his general proposition, that neither this
House nor any other legislative body can by
any possibility examine atidjudicially decide
a question of so much magnitude as this, and
decide it properly. The Naval Committee
ask Congress, not to pass a bill granting to
this man any unknown quantity; not to pass
a bill granting to him what he claims to be his
due ; but ask the House to grant him pre-
cisely the money that the Court of Claims, a
court of the United Slates, have decided is his
just and legal right. That is all that the com-
mittee ask.
If the gentleman from Indiana had token
the time to examine the case thoroughly he
would not have fallen into the error into which
he has fallen, of mistaking the letter of this
claimant, written in 1862, for the resolution
itself, under which he was sent to the Court
of Claims. In 1862 this claim first appeared
in Congress. And let me say here to the gen-
tleman from Indiana that this is no old claim
at all. The patents for the use of which the
claim is made have not yet expired. It is a
claim that was decided to be due by the
courts of the country only in 1870, and the
claimant has been before this Congress from
its first session, the only one before which he
could have come, since that time. There is
nothing aged or stale about it at all. This
decree was made in January, 1870; and the
claimant came into this Congrpss and asked
that we should pass a bill paying what the
Court of Claims itself said was due. As soon
as the matter was adjudicated, instead of rest-
ing on his rights, he immediately importuned
us for relief.
Now let me say not only to the gentlemen
from Indiana, [Mr. Kerb,] but also to my col-
league on the committee, the gentleman from
Maryland, [Mr. Archer,] that their whole
opposition is based on a mistaken presump-
tion. This gentleman neither in his petition
to Congress in 1862 nor 1864 stated that he
would take $100,000 in full for his patents or
the right to use them. In 1864 he came in with
a petition which I have before me, and there
asks for general relief. Finding that the Bom-
ford contract was about to be thrown aside by
the Government, though he had agreed ten
years before to keep the patent secret from
other Governments, and had faithfully carried
out that agreement, although offered $200,000
for his invention by Russia, they then refused
to pay him under that contract, and he. was
compelled to come into Congress a broken
man, after having spent $152,000 in experi-
ments on his different fuses. After spending
that amount he comes into Congress, with all
his property in the hands of the law, and
states in a letter, " If you pass a bill at this
session (the session of 1862) to relieve me
from these embarrassments I will take $ 100,-
000 and give you these patents."
At that time the percussion fuse was not in
use, and was not mentioned in that letter,
formed no part of that proposed contract;
and it of itself is worth more to the Govern-
ment than the sum here asked. It is an in-
vention which has revolutionized the navies
of the world. It is the primal and moving
cause which has made England change her
navy entirely from wooden to iron ships.
These fuses, with the explosive shells, which
never fail to explode at the moment they pen-
etrate any object, whatever it may be, whether
a fort or a vessel, and which the inventor
kept secret all that time from other Govern
ments, did more to carry to a successful issue
the great war of the rebellion than, I may
almost say, even the bravery of our Army and
Navy. Without this invention, vessels have
to aim their guns so that the shells may not
strike the water at all; for, if they fire the
shells under what is known as the American
system, so that they strike the water, they are
extinguished. But, under this patent, they
can strike the water hundreds of times before
they strike the vessel without the fuse being
extinguished, because the fire itself is not
created till the shell strikes the vessel, and is
caused by the shock made by the shell's sud-
den and violent contact with the ship.
Now, I ask gentlemen here calmly to con-
sider whether or not it is just and right, whether
it is, I will not say a gracious act, but whether
it is an act of justice, for this Congress to
refuse to pay this man, after ten years _of wait-
ing. the amount that the courts decide is justly
and legally due him? The gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Keiih] said yesterday that this
1 was not property. Let me say here that this
man's brains would have coined hira a million
dollars in any other country than this ; that if
he had been in Prussia, for instance, they
would have made liim a millionaire instead of
leaving him a bankrupt in his old age without
a dollar to leave to his children, and having
received no reward for carrying this important
invention to a successful issue. In 1862 a
resolution was attempted to be passed for his
relief, which limited the amount the Court of
Claims might allow him to $100,000. He
agreed to that at the time in order that he
might not be entirely broken down. Congress
failed to pass that resolution, and I ask gen-
tlemen, in equity and justice, if it is right to
hold him to that offer of a contract made ten
years ago, which was never accepted by the
Government ? Two years after that, it is true,
Congress passed an act similar to that, sending
him to the Court of Claims, and after a seven
years' struggle he received from the Court
of Claims a judgment, and after receiving a
judgment for $66,666 66 the court found, by
direction of Congress, that there was legally
due him $200,000 for the use of these two
patents.
I cannot believe that the Congress of the
United States will sit here and deprive a man
of that which is his legal due upon the miser-
able pretext that he was estopped by an offer
of his own, which was -never accepted by the
Government, from asking what the court says
is legally and justly due him. I say to you
here to-day that it is a well-known fact that
there is a difference between contracts between
individuals and contracts between an individ-
ual and the Government. In this case there
was no mode or manner in which this man
could get into court unless he went there on
the terms prescribed by Congress. He went
there with the resolution mentioned under
duress, in order to have a standing in court.
If it had been a case between private individ-
uals he could have gone into the court and
demanded justice. I ask you. gentlemen, as
the Representatives of the American people,
if you are willing to say that a previous Con-
gress -inveigled this man to go into court,
stating that he might have judgment for
$100,000, and that the court should find what
further sum was due him, leaving him under
the natural conviction that the amount found
due would also be paid, in order to deprive
him of that which the conrt found to be due
him? I do not believe such treachery can
exist in any Congress. The intention was to
pay the whole amount, else why direct the
court to find it ? This is no outrageous claim.
This patent does not expire for years, yet he
is willing, on payment for past use, to give
you the benefit of its future use. He comes
here simply to ask you to pass this bill and
pay him what the Court of Claims has found
to tie legally due him. I ask gentlemen of
the House who have not examined into this
question themselves to pay some little heed
to what the Committee on Naval Affairs have
decided. They have looked carefully into the
matter and have come to the conclusion that
he is not estopped by his letter which has
been referred to. I ask you, are you willing
to-day to sit here and vote away from this man
what is legally and justly due him ? Are you
unwilling to pay him what the courts of the
country have decided to be due him?
I ask gentlemen to remember the vast im-
portance of this invention, that it has wholly
revolutionized the system of warfare in the
whole 'civilized world. It is the product of a
long life of industry, accompanied by the
expenditure of a liberal fortune. He did not
come to the Government of the United States
and ask for money to assist him in carrying
out his experiments. He was a wealthy man,
looking after these matters himself, and accord-
ing to the testimony before the committee he
has expended over $152,000 on these experi-
ments. I appeal to the House to say if they
