1200
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 8,
will decide that this old man shall die without
a dollar of recompense, when, according to
the courts and your Naval Committee, the
whole of the amount named in this bill is
justly due him from the Government, not
upon the measure of damages as suggested
by tjbe gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Butler,] but because these patents would be
worth to him if sold to other Governments
the sum of $200,000. In other words, as law-
yers very well know, the simple question is
what is this worth in money to this man I
say that it is worth ten times more than the
pitiful sum now asked of this Congress.
I ask gentlemen to vote for this bill on the
ground that the courts have decided that this
amount is due; and your Naval Committee,
after giving it a thorough and careful examin-
ation, believe that this amount is justly, equi-
tably, ay, legally, due this claimant.
I will now yield to the gentleman from
Maryland [Mr. Archer] to offer the amend-
ment he indicated yesterday, and then I will
call the previous question.
Mr. ARCHER. I move to amend this bill
by reducing the amount named in it $100,000,
or to the sum of $33,333 33.
Mr. GOGHLAN. I now call the previous
question on the bill and amendment.
Mr. SPEER. I ask the gentleman to yield
to me for five minutes.
Mr. GOGHLAN. After the previous ques-
tion shall have been seconded, I will yield to
the gentleman if he desires.
Mr. KERR. I move that the bill and pend-
ing amendment be laid on the table.
The question was taken upon the motion to
lay on the table; and upon a division there
were—ayes 48, noes 48; ho quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Coohlan and
Mr. Kerr were appointed.
Mr. KERR.* Instead of taking the vote by
tellers, I will call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays' were ordered, there be-
ing twenty-three in the affirmative; more than
one fifth of the last vote.
The'question was again taken; and there
were—yeas 59, nays 105, not voting 76; as
follows:
AS«MfssrsA -Adams, Ambler, Archer, Arthur,
Barbor, Beatty, Erasmus W. Beck, James B. Beck.
Bigby.Bird. James G. Blair; Buffinton, Caldwell,
Commgo, Conner, Cox, Crebs, Critcher, Davis, Dox
Saruswortb, Fmkelnburg, Garrett, Getz, Giddings,
H&mbleton, Hancock, Hnndley, Hanks, Hay, Here-
ford, Herndon, Kerr, Killinger, Lewis, MaclDtyre,
Maasoii, Marshall, McClelland, McGrew, Silas
L. Niblaek, Price, Prindle, Read, Edward Y. Rice,
Kttchie,_ Robinson, Sherwood, Slater, Stevens
Upson, Van Trump, Voorhees!
^Srn Wilson, and Young—59.
,, i . Messrs. Averill, Banks, Barnuin, Barry,
to T '-'pauu. vii.ii iiuxup, *
W&d?S-o' J,8r'm r- Wilson, and Young-59.
•d ti n i Averili, Banks, Barnum, JtJarry,
Bell, Boles, Buckley, Bunnell, Burdett. Benjamin
F. Butler. Roderick R. Butler, Cobb. Coghlan,
Cogger, Cotton, Crocker. Darrall, Dawes. Dodds,
Doniian, DuBose, Duell, Dunnell, Eames, Eldredge,
Ely, Harwell, Golladay, Griffith, Harmer, Harper,
George JB. Harris, John B. Hawley, Joseph B.
Hawley, Hays, Gerry W. Hazelton. Hibbard, Hoar,
Hooper, Houghton, Kclley, Kellogg, Ketcham.
Kin£, ijamison. Leach, Lowe, Maynard, McCrary,
McMenry. McKinney, Merriam, Merrick, Mitchell
Moore, Morey, Morgan, Packard, Packer, ilosea
W- Parker, Isaac C. Parker Peck, Pendleton,
Perce, Perry, Peters, Piatt, Poland. Porter, Ellis
a ' ^obn i^Sers, Sion H. Rogers, Rusk,
C1er-, Sessions, Soanks, Sheldon, Shellabarger
Shoemaker, Sloss, H. Boardman Smith. John A.
Smith, Snyder, Speer, Starkweather, Stevenson
htorm, St. John, Sutherland, Taffe, Thomas Dwiaht
AiWw6t ' Washington Townsend. Turner, Twieh-
H-ar, Wafe Waldron, Wallace, Warren,
Td WoMT' Wlllard' Williams «" Indiana!
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Acker. Ames, Biggs
Bingham, Austin Blair, Boarman, Braxton Bright'
Brooks, Burchard, Campbell, Carroll Clafke
Ooburn, Creely, Crossland, Diekey, Duke Elliott'
.Carles Poster, Henry D' Foster'
Wilder!). Foster, FryeGarfield, Goodrich Halde-
lnan. Hale, Halsey, John T. Harris. Have™ tX,
W. Hazelton. Hill, Holman, Kendall, Kinsella
MeK?pr\f!\rSIIifir' feyn?h- McCormick, McJunkin!
Mcis.ee. McNeoly, Benjamin F. Meyers. Monroe
Morphis, Leonard Myers, Negley, William E N"!K*
MCkK-0rr'^,1!ner'i'0iter- ^ineyVRandall.'John
S' <Hje' ,au,„P-,Roberts, Roosevelt, Sargent
i Seeley, Sbober, Slocuni, Worthiugton C'
TntMiVStoughton, Stowell, Sypher
lathill. Vaughan, Whitoley, Whitthorne, IVilliams
of New York, Jeremiah M. Wilson, and Win-
chester—76.
So the motion to lay on the table was not
agreed to.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. BURCHARD said: On this question
I am paired with Mr. L. Myers, of Pennsyl-
vania, who, if present, would vote in the neg-
ative, and I would vote in the affirmative.
The question was upon seconding the pre-
vious question.
Mr. SPEER, Is the amendment pending
which was moved by the gentleman from Mary-
land, [Mr. Archer?]
Mr. COGHLAN. It is.
The SPEAKER. If the previous question
is seconded and main question ordered, it
will operate first upon the amendment.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The first question was upon the amendment
moved by Mr. Archer, to reduce the amount
named in the bill to $33,333 33.
The amendment was agreed to; upon a
division—ayes one hundred and thirty-one,
noes not counted.
The bill as amended was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. COGHLAN moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
heirs op george c. bestor.
Mr. PLATT. The Committee on Naval
Affairs, authorized to report at any time on
this subject, have directed me to report back,
with a recommendation that it pass, a bill
(S. No. 107) for the relief of the heirs or legal
representative^ of George C, Bestor.
The bill was read. It appropriates to the
heirs or legal representatives of George C.
Bestor $125,000, in full satisfaction of all his
claim for compensation for extra work done,
delays and damages, and expenses caused by
such delays on the part of the Navy Depart-
ment in the completion of his contract of 24th
of June, 1863, for the construction of an iron-
clad steam battery.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. The hour of half
past one o'clock having arriyed, I call for the
special order.
The SPEAKER. The Committee on Naval
Affairs are_ authorized to report this bill at any
time ; but it is not so highly privileged as the
business of the Committee of Claims, which
has been made the special order for to-day at
half past one o'clock. The bill will remain
pending, and will come up as unfinished busi-
ness after orders which have precedence are
disposed of.
Mr. PLATT. Then I understand that under
the rules of the House the bill cannot be con-
sidered at present?
The SPEAKER. It cannot; because the
House granted the Committee of Claims the
floor to day at half past one to the exclusion of
all other orders.
Mr. PLATT. When will the bill again come
up?
_ The SPEAKER. It will come up as unfin-
ished business, after the morning hour on Mon-
day, unless superseded by motions to suspend
the rules. The Chair thinks it will not be
reached on that day, but will come up imme-
diately after the reading of the Journal on Tues-
day.
navy retired list.
£• "ll16 srPEAKER announced the appointment
ot Mr. Hays, Mr. Coghlax, and Mr. Suther-
land, as the committee of conference on the
part ot the House upon the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses on the bill (H. R. No. 2053)
authorizing the nomination and appointment
to the retired list of the Navy of certain vol-
unteers on the active list of the Navy, who are
disabled in consequence of wounds received
during the late war.
fortification appropriation bill,
The SPEAKER also announced the ap-
pointment of Mr. Niblack of Indiana, Mr.
Palmer, and Mr. Morey, as the committee
of conference on the part of the House upon
the disagreeing votes of the two Houses on the
bill (H. R. No. 3352) making appropriations
for the construction, preservation, and repairs
of certain fortifications and other works of
defense.
diplomatic appropriation bill.
The SPEAKER also announced the ap-
pointment of Mr. Swank, Mr. Hale, and Mr.
Banks, as the committee of conference on the
part of the House upon the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses on the bill (IT. R. No. 3258)
making appropriations for the consular and
diplomatic expenses of the Government for
the year ending June 30, 1874, and for other
purposes.
COWAN AND DICKINSON.
The SPEAKER also announced the ap-
pointment of Mr. Blaik of Michigan, Mr.
Foster of Ohio, and Mr. Harris of Virginia,
as the committee of conference on the part of
the House upon the disagreeing votes of the
two Houses on the bill (S. No. 96) for the
relief of Cowan & Dickinson, of Knoxville,
Tennessee.
expenditures in treasury department.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a communication
from the Secretary of the Treasury, transmit-
ting, in compliance with the act of March 3,
1869, a detailed statement of the expenditures
from the con tingent lights, furniture, and carpet
funds of this Department for the fiscal year
ending June 30, 1872 ; which was referred to
the Committee on Appropriations, and ordered
to be printed.
employes in treasury department.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a communication
from the Secretary of the Treasury, in answer
to a resolution of the House of January 18,
1873, transmitting a list of clerks and em-
ployes now in his Department who were
appointed for duty in the city of Washington
during the year 1872 ; which was referred to
the select Committee on the Reorganization of
the Civil Service, of the United States, and
ordered to be printed.
PUBLIC BUILDING, ST. JOSEPH, MISSOURI.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a communication
from the Secretary of the Treasury, in answer
to a resolution of the House in relation to the
erection of a public building at St. Joseph,
Missouri; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Public Buildings and Grounds, and
ordered to be printed.
CHIPPEWA INDrANS.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a letter from the
Secretary of the Interior, transmitting a me-
morial of the Legislature of Dakota,-.praying
that the Pembina band of Chippewa Indians
be removed from the lands on the Dakota side
of the Red River of the North to the White
Earth reservation in Minnesota ; which was
referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
stnti! fe and ta03 road.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a letter from the
Secretary of War, in relation to the proposed
road from Sante F6 to Taos, in the Territory
of New Mexico; which was referred to the
Committee on Indian Affairs, and ordered to
be printed.
