1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
237
with the same effect as if the application had
been duly tiled within the time prescribed by
law. and as if the original term of the patent
had not expired; but no person is to be held
liable for the infringement of the patent^ if
extended, for making use of the invention
since the original term of the patent and prior
to the date of its extension.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut. I am directed
by the Committee on Patents, to whom was
referred the bill (S. No. 1238) to enable Joseph
Fox to make application to the Commissioner
of Patents for the extension of letters-patent
for machine for making crackers, which is
identical with the Honse bill just passed, to
report it back, and move that it be indefinitely
postponed.
The motion was agreed to.
papers withdrawn and referred.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I ask that an
order be entered to withdraw the papers in the
case of Johu Denman and George Townley,
and that they be referred to the Committee on
Revolutionary Claims. If there is an adverse
report I will see that copies are left.
i'he VICE PRESIDENT. In the ease of a
rereference there is no need of copies.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Very well.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The order will
be entered.
On motion of Mr. CONKLING, it was
Ordered, That the petition and papers in the case
of T. Brugnier and John Goewey be taken from the
files of the Senate and referred to the Committee on
Indian Affairs.
On motion of Mr. WRIGHT, it was
Ordered, That A. S. Belk, of Lee county, Iowa, i
have leave to withdraw the papers on file presented
in the Forty-First Congress and then referred to the
Military Committee.
On motion of Mr. BUCKINGHAM, it was
Ordered, That the petitioners for damages sus-
tained by Indian depredations, npon which theCom-
mittee on Indian Affairs reported adversely yester-
day, have leave to withdraw their papers from the
files of the Senate for the purpose of presenting
them to the Secretary of the Interior.
report op librarian of congress.
Mr. ANTHONY. The Committee on Print-
ing, to whom was referred a resolution to print
five hundred additional copies of the report
of the Librarian of Congress for the use of the
Library, have instructed me to report it back
without amendment, and to ask for its present
consideration.
There being no objection, the resolution was
considered, and agreed to, as follows :
Resolved, That five hundred additional copies of
the report of the Librarian of Congress, with covers,
be printed for the use of the Librarian.
bills introduced.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM asked, and by unani-
mous consent obtained, leave to introduce a
bill (S. No. 1266) to amend an act entitled
"An act to establish a uniform system of
bankruptcy throughout the United States
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. CHANDLER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1267) extending the time for the comple-
tion of the Portage Lake and Lake Superior
ship-canal; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Public Lands,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. OSBORN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (8.
No. 1268) making an appropriation for build-
ing a light-house on the coast of Florida ;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Commerce, and ordered to
be printed.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 1269)
making appropriations for the improvement of
certain harbors in Florida ; which was read
twice by its title, referred" to the Committee
on Commerce, and ordered to be printed,
i Mr. CLAYTON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1270) for the relief of William Bowlin;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs, and ordered
to be printed.
; He also asked, and by unanimous consent
, obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 1271)
for the relief of Alvis Smith; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. MORTON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill
(S. No. 1272) authorizing the East Chester
National Bank of Mount Vernon to change its
location and name; which was read twice by
its title, referred to the Committee on Finance,
and ordered to be printed.
alleged frauds in arkansas election.
Mr. RICE. I offer the following resolution :
Whereas it is alleged that in the late general
election in the State of Arkansas, and during the
campaign preceding said election, frauds unparal-
leled in the history of any country were resorted to
by the party in power in that State for the purpose
of controlling the election, by which nearly thirty
thousand legal voters were deprived of the right of
voting at the regular polls, and over fifteen thou-
sand votes cast by repeaters or stuffed by the officers
of the election were counted by the election officers
; in favor of the candidates for electors for President
and Vice President upon the ticket headed by U. S.
Grant and Henry Wilson ; and whereas it is alleged
that "notwithstanding these frauds a majority of the
legal votes cast in the State were cast for the elect-
ors on the ticket headed by Horace Greeley and B.
Grata Brown; and whereas the electors for President
and Vice President on each of these tickets claim to
be elected, and have respectively met at the time and
place required by law and cast the electoral vote of
11 the State for different candidates for President and
Vice President: Therefore, in order that Congress
!! may know in proper time which electors were ae-
• tually elected,
1 Resolved, That a committee of five Senators be ap-
pointed, whose duty it shall be to proceed imme-
diately to the oity of Little Rock, in said State, and
investigate all matters growing out of said election,
or in any way relating thereto. That said committee
shall sit with open doors, and have power to send for
persons and papers.
I move that the resolution be printed and
laid on the table ; and I give notice that I shall
call it up on Thursday morning.
The motion was agreed to.
additional library accommodations.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, submitted the
following resolution; which was considered
by unanimous consent, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the joint Committee on the Libra-
ry be instructed to inquire as to the necessity of
additional accommodations for the Congressional
Library.
life-saving stations.
Mr. SHERMAN. The morning business
being through, I move that the Senate proceed
to the consideration of House bill No. 3130,
authorizing the exchange of registered bonds
for coupon bonds, unless some Senator desires
to discuss it. If any one does, I will not ask
to have it taken up now.
Mr. CAMERON. I trust we shall allow
nothing to interfere with the French spoliation
bill
I The VICE PRESIDENT. At one o'clock
the French spoliation bill will come up. By
the rules of the Senate it cannot come up dur-
ing the morning hour except by unanimous
consent. The Senator from Ohio has moved
in the interval that the Senate proceed to the
consideration of the bill to authorize the ex-
change of registered bonds for coupon bonds.
Mr. ANTHONY. Will the Senator from
Ohio give way for a purpose of humanity for
one moment?
Mr. SHERMAN. Certainly, though this
bill will occupy but a moment or two.
Mr. ANTHONY. At the last session an
act of Congress was passed directing the erec-
tion of a number of life-saving stations on the
exposed parts of the coast. The stations have
been erected, the boats have been brought
there, and they now await the proper super-
intendents and crews. A bill has passed the
House of Representatives authorizing the Sec-
retary of the Treasury to appoint keepers ani
also to appoint crews for compensation stated,
and this bill has been referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce, and I have the authority
of the chairman of that committee to move
that the committee be discharged from its
further consideration in order that the bill
may be put on its passage. It may be the
means of saving the lives of some shipwrecked
passengers and mariners during the holidays.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Rhode Island moves that the Committee
on Commerce be discharged from the further
consideration of the bill (H. R. No. 3122) to
authorize the employment of keepers and crews
of surfmen for the life-saving stations on the
coasts of Cape Cod and Block Island, and for
other purposes.
The motion was agreed to; and by unani-
mous consent the Senate proceeded, as in
Committee of the Whole, to consider the bill,
which proposes to authorize the Secretary of
the Treasury to appoint a keeper for each of
the ten life-saving stations on thecoasts of Cape
Cod, Massachusetts, and Block Island, Rhode
Island, whose compensation shall be at the
rate of $200 per annum, and to employ crews
of experienced surfmen at such stations, and
for such periods as he may deem necessary
and proper, and at such compensation as he
may deem reasonable, not to exceed forty
dollars per month for each person to be
employed.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
collection of cd8tom8.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Ohio renew his motion ?
Mr. SHERMAN. At the request of another
Senator, I will .withdraw my motion for the
present in order to allow the Private Calendar
to be proceeded with for half an hour.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The French
spoliation bill will come up at one o'clock.
If there be no objection, the Secretary will
proceed with the unobjected billa on the Cal-
endar until one o'clock.
Mr. FENTON. Before proceeding to the
cases on the Calendar, I desire to move that
the bill (S. No. 2) to regulate the service in
the collection of customs at the ports of entry
in the United States, and the disposition of
fines, penalties, and forfeitures incurred under
the laws relating to customs, and for other
purposes, which is a special order, be referred
to the Committee on Commerce. The chair-
man of the committee at the last session had
a desire that it should take that direction, and
a few days since my friend from Maine [Mr.
Hamlin] indicated a like view of the matter.
He thought this bill should first have consid-
eration in the Committee on Commerce. I
think that the bill was properly considered in
the Committee on Finance; but I hare no
pride myself in the matter. I am not now a
member of the Committee on Finance, and I
do not know that the members of that com-
mittee care to make a battle in this behalf or
to retain the subject within that committee.
Therefore, having only the desire that the bill
may have favorable and early action, I move
that it be refenred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
The motion was agreed to.
north louisiana and texas railroad.
Mr. WEST. A few days ago when Senate
bill No. 115, reviving a grant of land hereto-
fore made to the North Louisiana and Texas
railroad, was reached it was objected to by
the Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Thurman,] who
proposed to pass over it for the time. As I
believe he has withdrawn his objection, I ask
the Senate to consider that bill, inasmuch as
it is a portion of the Calendar.
Mr. POMEROY. The Committee on Pub-
