2162
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
express my opinion about this amendment, and
■what I now say is independent of what we may
determine to be the final merits of this matter
either way.
I appeal to the Senate in the last day of the
session and on a bill not yet acted upon be-
tween the two Houses, not to bring up a matter
of this consequence which we all know has
been a constant subject of dispute in preceding
sessions, that has never been able to make
head enough to get through as a bill the two
Houses of Congress when there has been am-
ple time to consider the subject. It seems to me
that that ought to influence even those gentle-
men who believe this is a, proper thing to be
done, that they ought not to set the example
for future Congresses of riding upon an appro-
priation bill at the last moment of the session
a matter a great importance and of grave dis-
pute, when if it ought to be done, it can be
done, with accruing interest, with equal jus-
tice at the next session, and when there will
be ample time to satisfy everybody, if the truth
will satisfy everybody, that this provision ought
to be made.
That is all I wish to say. I do not wish to
take up time. I have not the strength to go
into any discussion on the subject of the very
merit of the question itself; but I appeal to
the Committee on Appropriations, that I know
has on other subjects fought bravely against
putting matters of this character on appro-
priation bills, not to violate their own princi-
ples and force us to put upon a bill of this
kind at this time a matter which, however
strongly they may believe it to be correct, they
know to be the subject of great differences of
opinion and great disputes.
Mr. THURMAN. Here is a proposition,
as I understand, to restate an interest account,
to go back nearly forty years from the begin-
ning and restate an interest account.
Mr. STEVENSON. The Senator is entirely
mistaken; it is no restating of an interest
account. It is just simple interest on the
bond.
Mr. THURMAN. Why has not the interest
been paid?
Mr. STEVENSON. Because the war of the
rebellion intervened. That is the only reason
in the world. They have been paid since and
were paid before, and this is to provide for the
period of the rebellion.
Mr. THURMAN. Then if the payment was
suspended during the rebellion, if that is all
there is of it, let us understand why the pay-
ment has been made since without paying them
for the time covered by the rebellion. How-
ever, I shall not argue the matter against the
Committee on Appropriations, who are un-
doubtedly familiar with this subject; but I do
protest once more against putting upon an
appropriation bill to be considered on the
very last day of the session such appropriations
as this. Let each claim stand on its own merits
in a bill providing for it. That is the only way
in which it can be thoroughly and properly
considered.
Mr. SAWYER. I do not know that this is
the proper time to pay this debt, but I think
it is not, exactly proper that the Committee on
Appropriations should be rebuked so warmly
for carrying out the recommendations of the
heads of Departments. I had an idea that it
was the business of the committee to carry out
existing laws and recommendations made by
the heads of Departments «hen they were sup-
ported by pioper and sufficient reasons. It
was thought by the Committee on Appropria-
tions that, there were good and sufficient rea-
sons for adopting the amendment which was
proposed to the bill for this object, of paying
to the Chickasaws what the committee be-
lieved was their just due. It so happens that
gentlemen who are opposed to measures never
find the proper place to put them. Now is
never the proper time to do it; it must be
done oil some other bill and at some other
session j it has waited twenty or thirty years,
and it can wait twenty or thirty more. If
there is justice in this claim, it seems to me
the fact that it has been held in abeyance for
thirty years is no reason why we should not do
it this session; but on the contrary, that is one
reason why we should do it.
This appropriation is for a claim of interest
due to the Chickasaw Indians on $90,000 six
per cent, bonds of the State of Arkansas from
January 1, 1842, to July 1, 1866, $75,600 ; for
another further sum of interest on $616,000 six
per cent, bonds of the State of Tennessee, from
January 1,1861, to July 1, 1866, amounting to
the sum of $203,280; and a further sum of in-
terest on $66,666 66§ five and one fourth per
cent, bonds of the State of Tennessee, from
January 25, 1861, to July 1, 1866, $19,010 25,
aggregating the sum which is named in this
amendment, $297,890 25.
How did the Goverment of the United States
come into the possession of these bonds?
They came from funds belonging to the Chicka-
saw Indians, invested according to the treaty
with the Chickasaw Indians by the United
States, who guarantied to invest them in safe
and profitable stocks. They became the guar-
antors of, the interest; they agreed to invest
them in interest-paying bonds, and to pay cer-
tain portions of interest every year to the
Chickasaw Indians. They continued to pay it
as long as the bonds paid, and then they
stopped paying. They paid on the bonds of
the States that did pay the interest and other
bonds that paid the interest, but have failed to
fulfill their trust of keeping that interest
good. Then the war came on. It is said the
Chickasaws went into the war; but subsequent
to the war the United States made a treaty
with these Indians, in which they distinctly
reaffirmed all obligations existing by treaties
before the war, and began to pay the interest
to these tribes, so that the question of the In-
dians going into the rebellion has been taken
entirely out of the case. It is simply now a
question whether the United States, the trustee
of funds which it invested according to the treaty
for these Indians, shall keep its faith with
them. That is all there is of it. It is simply
a question of justice or injustice.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator's
time has expired.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The Senator from South
Carolina, who talks with so much heat and
feeling that I am sure he cannot hold out a
great while at that rate—[Mr. Sawyer, I
have not quite finished.]—is right in saying
that objection is made to paying this claim
here, and the objection is made always. So it
is. Objection has always been made to this
thing, and whenever anybody has brought it
forward where it stood alone upon its own
merits and there was time enough to consider
it, no committee has ever been able to get
Congress to pass a law for it. The Senator
perhaps need not be reminded that some peo-
ple—not he, of course—instead of objecting
always to everything, wait until the last moment
of a session and until an appropriation bill
comes in to ride on something which they feel
never could see the light of law in any other
way. I do not say that that applies to this
case: probably it does not. I assume that all
the committees of Congress have been so busy
during this whole session that it never occurred
to them that they could bring this subject for-
ward on its own merits for consideration until
this present moment. It never does. The
lucky time to try this contrivance is in the last
twenty-four hours of the session always. I re-
member it came up last year on an appropria-
tion bill. It was moved, I believe, by my friend
from Iowa, [Mr. Haklan,] if I am correct. I
certainly remember that something of that
kind was done, and I assume that it came to
grief for the reason that we are now called upon
to consider the same experiment over again.
Now, when you come to the merit of this
proposition, the Senator is wholly mistaken.
He says it is to carry out treaty stipulations.
I say it is not. We have treaty stipulations
with these Indians ; but in casting up this in-
terest account, which has been done by some
contrivance or other, there has been taken into
the account, as I am informed and believe, a
great variety of wrong matters and a great
variety of wrong principles, by which we are
made responsible for everything that has failed
and for every fraud that has been committed
by the Indians or upon them and against us,
and we stand as the guarantor when the Sen-
ator says we are the trustee, as I suppose we
are. The attempt is made to make us trustee
and guarantor that this fund shall be kept
perfect at all times and in all places with a
constant compounding of interest, and so this
great sum is swelled up. It may be that on a
careful investigation and in an early day in the
session when there is time for calm considera-
tion, the Senator can convince this body that
this thing ought to be done; but wherefore
does it happen that at every session the thing
is not brought forward on its merits in the
time of it and in a bill by itself, but is held in
reserve, if I may use that term without offense
to anybody, which I do not intend, until the
last moment, and then is endeavored to be
thrown into the hotch-potch in order that it
may swim through.
Mr. COLE. Let me appeal to the Senate
to let us have a vote on this question. This
bill ought to be reported to the House before
the hour fixed for a recess, and that time is
rapidly approaching. I always expect a great
deal of time to be consumed when we enter
upon the discussion of Indian matters. We
have evaded one grand topic of discussion
here by an amendment of the Constitution.
We used to be troubled very much with the
subject of slavery, and it was thrown into
every debate: but I fear the same thing is
likely to happen with regard to the Indians
while there are any of them loft. This clause
in the bill, as it is said, is supported by the
recommendation of the Secretary of the In-
terior, and by the head of the Indian Bureau,
and also by the Attorney General. It has the
indorsement of committees of this body, and,
I believe, of committees of the other House.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is not so very im-
portant here, perhaps.
Mr. COLE. Well, it has been investigated,
and I am saying this to divest the proposition
of the liability to the charge of being hastily
brought up. That it is on one of the last bills
to be considered is true ; but that it has been
considered elsewhere and on other occasions
is also true. I think we ought to vote upon
it without much further discussion, and I hope
the Senate will assist me to get the bill through
before the hour fixed for a recess.
Mr. CAMERON. I am very anxious that
we should finish this bill before the Senate
takes its recess, and 1 am satisfied that the
only way to do that is to dispose of this ques-
tion about the Indians first. I do not think
there are half a dozen Senators here who
understand this question, and yet there is a
million and a half or more to be expended
here for Indians without reflection and without
consideration. So it has been for long years.
Whenever a doubtful question exists iti the
mind of the Senate, or of Congress, or of
those who surround us, they bring it here in
the last two or three days of the session and
get us to vote upon it, and always our sympathy
for the lone Indian makes us fotget what is
clear justice, and we are liberal beyond what
is just. No man in the western country in the
neighborhood of the influence of the Indians
can afford to be just to them without having
everybody denounce him. I know something
about that myself. Whenever a man attempts
to do right by them, all the bad influences,
and they are innumerable, around the Indians
denounce him. If he becomes charitable anil
acts liberally, they denounce him because some
corrupt creature surrounding the Indians has
not got as much of what the Government has
