238
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 17,
lie Lands reported the bill at the last session
and I can see 110 reason why it should not
la'lhe VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Louisiana asks unanimous consent that
the Senate consider at the present time a bill
which was passed over when the Calendar was
under consideration some days since.
Mr. SHERMAN. If a single objection will
put it oyer, I do object, for the benefit of claim-
ants.
The VICE PRESIDENT. A single objec-
tion is sufficient, and the bill will be passed
over.
MESSAGE FROM TUB HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPhekson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the following bills;
in which the concurrence of the Senate was
requested:
A bill (H. R. No. 3248) to amend the one
hundred and thirty-third and one hundred and
thirty-fourth sections of an act approved June
8. 1872. entitled "An act to revise, consolidate,
and amend the statutes relating to the Post
Office Department;'' and
A bill (H. R. No. 3249) for the removal of
the political disabilities of I. Ernest Meire, of
the State of Maryland.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
The message further announced that the
Speaker of the House had signed the enrolled
bill (H. R. No. 3123 ) to authorize the Secretary
of the Navy to transport in a Government
vessel, free of duty, a monument designed by
Admiral Porter to be erected in the grounds of
the Naval Academy at Annapolis in memory
of the officers, seamen, and marines of the
Navy who fell in defense of the Union ; and it
was thereupon signed by the Vice President.
JOHN B. CHAPMAN.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The 8eeretary
will report the first bill on the Calendar, under
the rule for the passage of unobjected bills,
known as the "Anthony rule," until one
o' clock.
The Chief Clerk read the first bill on the
Calendar, which was the bill (S. No. 1022)
relating to the claim of John B. Chapman.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill. It requires the Commissioner
of Indian Affairs to investigate the claim of
John B. Chapman against the Osage nation
of Indian*, and report what, if anything, is
justly due the claimant from the Indians or
the Government, and if anything, how much.
The bill was reported by the Committee on
Indian Affairs, with an amendment to insert
the words " to Congress," after " report," in
line five.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendment was concurred
in. The bill was ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading, was read the third time, and
SHAWNEB INDIANS.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 1114) to repeal section fourteen of an
act entitled "An act making appropriations
for sundry civil expenses of the Government
for the year ending June 30, 1871, and for
other purposes."
Mr. HARLAN- Has that bill been to a
committee?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It has not been
referred to any committee.
Mr. HARLAN. I think it ought to be
examined by the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. NYE. I would rather it should lie
over.
Mr. HARLAN. I have no objection to
that. ,t
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will
be passed over, retaining its place on the
Calendar.
INDUSTRIAL 'TRAINING ASSOCIATION.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 9o-j) incorporating the National Sol-
diers and Sailors' Orphan Industrial Training
Association ; which was read.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That bill evidently will
need to be considered on the question of the
power of Congress, however useful this object
may be, to provide corporations which shall
have functions in the various States. I doubt
very much whether we can do that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
passed over.
JOHN S. CORLETT
Mr. WRIGHT. During my absence on the
12th of this month, I find, a report was made
by the Committee on Pensions, in the case of
John S. Corlett, in my State, recommending
that the bill (II. li. No. 855) granting a pen
sioa to him be indefinitely postponed. 1 ask
unanimous consent that that bill may go on
the Calendar 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Iowa asks that House bill No. 855, which was
indefinitely postponed on the report of the
Committee on Pensions, may be placed on the
Calendar with the adverse report. Is there
objection? The Chair hears none, and it is so
ordered. i
NOKTON DATING AND PRINTING MACHINE.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 1078) referring to the Court of Claims
a claim for the use of the Norton type-wheel
dating and printing machine; also the dating
and canceling hand-stamp.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That bad better go over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
passed over. j
NEW JUDICIAL DISTRICT IN CALIFORNIA.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 144) to create the southern judicial
district of California.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This bill was
reported by the Senator from Illinois, [Mr.
Trumbull,] from the Committee on the Ju
diciary, adversely, and the question is on the ,
indefinite postponement of the bill. j
Mr. COLE. I would rather it should go
over than be indefinitely postponed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
passed over.
ATTORNEY FOR DISTRICT OP LOUISIANA.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(3. No. 338) in relation to the office of attorney
of the United States for the district of Louis-
iana.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This bill was
also reported by the Senator from Illinois,
[Mr. Trumbull,] from the Committee on the
Judiciary, adversely.
, Mr. WEST. As that bill was introduced by
my colleague, who is not here at present, I
prefer that it should go over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
passed over.
I claims actiobb of loyal owners.
! The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
' (S. No. 326) to regulate actions in the Court
of Claims by loyal owuers of property seized
under the act of March 12, 1863.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This bill was
reported by the 8enator from Illinois, [Mr.
Trumbull,] from the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, with an amendment. Unless objected
to, the bill and the amendment will be read.
The Chief Clerk read the bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I see that the Senator
from Illinois is not in his seat, and I do not
remember the circumstances of that bill. I
think it had better be recommitted for further
examination. It involves a great deal of
money.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection the bill with the amendment will
be recommitted to the Committee on the
Judiciary, and it is so ordered.
11KDICK M KBK.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(II. R. No. 2040) for the relief of Redick
McKee.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This bill was
reported by the Senator from West Virginia,
[Mr. Boreman,] from the Committee on
Claims, adversely, and the question is on its
indefinite postponement.
Mr. COLE. I hope it will not be indefi-
nitely postponed. Let it be passed over for
the present.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be passed
over.
Mr. CASSERLY subsequently said : Just
now a bill was passed over on the suggestion
of my colleague—House bill No. 2040, for the
relief of Redick McKee. I ask, with his con-
sent, that that hill be recommitted to the Com-
mittee on Claims.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection, the bill will be recommitted to the
Committee on Claims, and it is so recommitted.
NORTON POST-MARKING STAMP.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 1077) referring to the Court of Claims,
for adjudication and determination, a claim for
the past and future use of the Norton post-
marking and postage-canceling hand-stamp.
Mr. ANTHONY. Is not that the same case
that we have just passed over ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. It is the same sort of bill,
and it had better be passed over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
passed over.
THOMAS IIOLLlfe.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
i (S. No. 1042) for the relief of Thomas Hollis,
of Morgan county, Georgia; which was con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole. It
directs that there be paid to Thomas Hollis,
of Morgan county, Georgia, $224 14, due him
for carrying the mails of the United States in
the year 1861, according to the records of the
Post Office Department.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to hear the
report in that case.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. The committee
submitted a written report, which can be read.
The Chief Clerk read the following report,
submitted by Mr. Ferry, of Michigan, from
the Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads,
on the 10th of May :
The Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads, to
whom was referred the bill (S. No. 1042) for the relief
I of Thomas Hollis, of Morgan county, Georgia.
I respectfully report: .
1 That by a communication from the Auditor 01 the
Treasury for the Post Office Department, dated
April 20, A. D. 1872. it appears that, under acontraot
for carrying the mails on route No. 6150, in the State
of Georgia, there stands upon the bo9ks of the
Department a ereditof $224 14, due to said Thomas
Ilollis, the contractor. Said communication further
states that the loyalty of said Hollis has been fully
established by sufficient evidence. Therefore your
committee respectfully recommend that said reliet
be granted by the passage of the aforesaid bill/which
provides for the payment to said contractor, Hollis,
of the amount stated as remaining his due.
Mr. HILL. I merely wish to remark to the
Senate in regard to this little bill, in addition
to the facts set forth by the committee, all of
which came within my personal knowledge,
that the old gentleman in whose behalf this
bill is proposed lived in the same town with
myself, and has done so for thirty years and
more. It is a very meritorious claim, and I
hope it will be passed.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
W. H. KIRK.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(H. R. No. 2255) for the relief of W. H.
Kirk ; which was considered as in Committee
of the Whole. It requires the proper account-
ing officers of the Treasury Department to
allow W. H. Kirk, postmaster at Maryville,
Tennessee, a credit of $110 20, on settlement
