1873,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2163
lavished upon them as he thinks is his right.
All these Indian appropriations should be
considered early, at the beginning of the ses-
sion, in a separate bill, a bill making appro-
priations for the Indian service and the Indian
department, and for nothing else. In my long
experience here I have found but very few
Senators who believed they understood the
questions before them in an Indian bill, but it
was always a question of sympathy and gene-
rosity, and we all know when you ask the heart
to act you rarely allow the judgment to control
it. I want to get this bill through. I believe
I cannot move to lay this proposition on the
table without carrying the bill with it.
Mr. CONKLING. Yes, you can; the rule
allows that.
Mr. CAMERON. Then I move to lay the
amendment on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CONKLING. How much does the
motion of my friend from Pennsylvania cover?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
: 26, commencing in line six hundred
and thirty-seven, appropriating $297,890 25 to
the Chickasaws.
Mr. SHERMAN. There is one amendment
not yet acted upon, I believe, on page 26. It
■was read, and by consent laid aside.
Mr. COLE. That was agreed to, I believe.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is marked as
agreed to, but it was understood that it was to
be reserved in the Senate.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I wish all the amend-
ments reserved.
Mr. WINDOM. I ask the attention of the
Senate for about two minutes on a provision
of this bill. I cannot consent that it shall pass
from our control without pausing for a moment
to drop a tear into the grave of departed hope.
It is but a very few days ago since I congrat-
ulated the Senate and the country upon a
great economical movement we had made in
the repeal of the franking privilege; and I
must make a confession here to-day that I
stand now before this body a dispirited, dis-
appointed economist. [Laughter.]
1 am enabled now to present to the Senate
in a single minute a summary showing the
results of our economy, and when I have
done that I shall not detain the Senate further.
When the Post Office appropriation bill was
before the committee, it was reduced $1,500,-
000 on account of the repeal of the franking
privilege. I promised the Senate some ten or
fifteen days ago that I would, when that bill
came up, move to reduce it precisely $2,543,-
227 72, being the exact amount ascertained
as the cost of the franking privilege; but
when I came to consider this question in com-
mittee, I found that I could not make that
reduction. However, the Post Office bill was
actually $1,500,000 less than it would have
been but for that repeal. _ I felt then some-
what encouraged. But, sir, if you will turn
to pages 35 and 36 of the present bill, you
will find that we make an appropriation of
$1,865,900 for postage to the various Depart-
ments of the Government on account of the
repeal of the franking privilege.
To sum up, then, Mr. President, on this
part of the question alone, the net results of
our brilliant movement in favor of economy,
you have appropriations of $365,900 a year
more than you would have had to make if you
had not repealed the franking privilege-
Si ,000 per day and $900 thrown in. The
committees of the two Houses sought to re-
duce the estimates of the Departments as
much as possible, and they succeeded in re-
ducing them some $300,000. The estimates
of the various Departments of the sums
required to take the place of the franking
privilege were $2,200,000 in round numbers;
perhaps $5,000 less than that, but in round
numbers that was the amount. They have re-
duced it down to $1,865,900. And let me say,
Mr. President, that this does not include what
has been considered the greatest cost of the
franking privilege, namely, congressional
franks, for we make no provision in this bill
for the payment of postage for members of
Congress. Leaving that entirely out of the
question, we are $365,000 behind to-day in the
appropriations we have made, on account of
that achievement of ours.
We were told also that the repeal of the
franking privilege would very much reduce the
cost of mail transportation. What have been
the net results in that line? The appropria-
tion bill passed for the Post Office Department
at this session gives $500,000 additional for
transportation over the old lines, so that we
have saved nothing there. We were told that
it would vastly reduce the public printing, but
only last night we broke through the virtuous
barriers we had set up eight or ten days ago
and agreed that the Agricultural Report should
go free, so that there is now a limited franking
privilege, as I understand it..
Mr. HOWE. They go free if the receivers
pay fifty cents apiece for them.
Mr. WINDOM. We sell the reports and
the postage is free to the purchaser.
Why, sir, even the effort which I made to
save $10,000 for eight additional clerks has
been lost. The Senate adopted it, but the
House I believe has disagreed to it. There-
fore, without taking further time of the Sen-
ate, I simply say I am disappointed. The
hope3 that have been held out to us by the
Postmaster General have proved utterly falla-
cious. The apples that we held up to the
people have turned out to be Dead sea fruit;
they are ashes in our hand. Now cannot
some friend who stood with me, some one who
worked for years as I did for the repeal of the
franking privilege, believing that it was going
to accomplish some good, tell me what the
explanation of all this is?
Mr. ROBERTSON. This Congress has been
very liberal in making appropriations for a
great many things, some of them, in my opin-
ion at least, of very doubtful propriety. I will
again offer an amendment which I offered to
the sundry civil appropriation bill, to be in-
serted as an additional section. I trust there
will be no objection made to the reception of
the amendment, inasmuch as it is to pay a fair,
just, and equitable debt. It is to insert the
following:
Sec. —. That the sum of $250,000, orsomuoh there-
of as may be necessary, is hereby appropriated to
pay unsettled claims legally existing against the
Government of the United States on account of ser-
vices actually rendered in carrying the mails of the
United States, exclusively, in the aforesaid States,
prior to the 31st day of May, A. D. 1861: Provided,
That before any paymont be made under this act,
claimants will be reguired to furnish proof, satisfac-
tory to the Postmaster General, that at no time prior
to the 31st day of May, 1861, did they voluntarily
countenance, aid, or render comfort to the rebellion:
And provided further, That where railroad compa-
nies or other corporate bodies are the claimants,
proof of loyalty of the presidents or other agents
representing said bodies only will be required: And
provided further, That before any payment shall be
made, satisfactory evidence shall be furnished that
no compensation has been received from any other
source for such service.
Mr. SCOTT. I trust my friend from South
Carolina has accomplished his object in offer-
ing this amendment, and learning from his
example a few moments ago, I make the point
of order that there is no appropriation in this
bill relating to the carrying of the mails.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair can-
not find that the amendment directly relates to
any appropriation contained in the bill.
Mr. HARLAN. I offer thefollowing amend-
ment:
For this amount, or so much thereof as may be
necessary, for the subsistence, civilisation, and care
of the Arickaree, Gros Ventre, and Mandan Indi-
ans, at Port Berthold agency, Dakota, to make up
deficiency in the appropriation for the fiscal year
ending June 30, 1873, §76,000.
In explanation of the amendment I will
ask that a letter from the Secretary of the
Interior and also a letter from the Commis-
sioner of Indian Affairs may be read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Department op the Interior,
WaSHIHGTOH, D. 0., January 22,, 1873.
Sir : I have the honor to transmit herewith a copy
of a letter from the acting Commissioner of Indian
Affairs, dated the 20th instant, inclosing an estimate
of appropriation amounting to $76,000, to meet in-
debtedness contracted by the a gent for the Arickaree,
Gros Ventre, and Mandan Indians, in the north-
western part of Dakota, in providing them with
subsistence, over and above the amount heretofore
appropriated for the fiscal year ending June 30,1873.
The reasons which necessitated the incurring of
this indebtedness are very fully set forth in the let-
ter of the acting Commissioner, and I respectfully
recommend that the subject may be favorably con-
sidered by Congress.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant.
B. R. COWEN,
Acting Secretary.
Hon. Speaker of the House of Representatives.
Department of the Interior,
Office of Indian Affairs,
"Washington, D. C., January 20,1873.
Sir : I have the honor to present herewith a copy
of a letter from John 10. Tappan, United States
Indian agent for the Arickaree, Gross Ventre, and
Mandan Indians, in the northwestern part of Da-
kota, inclosing an estimate for the sum of $75,925,67,
to meet indebtedness contracted by him in provid-
ing subsistence for said Indians over and above the
amount of $75,000 appropriated for their support for
the fiscal year ending June 30.1873.
The starving condition of the Indians in his charge,
to the number ofsometwenty-four hundred persons,
resulting from the destruction of their crops by
grasshoppers, and the total disappearance of all
game in that section of the country, induced the
agent, in order to prevent starvation among them,
to take upon himself the responsibility of contract-
ing this indebtedness, regardless of the fact that
there were no means at the disposal of the Depart-
ment applicable in payment, the balance from last
year's appropriation being merely sufficient to pay
salaries of the employes of the agency up to June
30 next.
Referring to the agent's communication on the
subject, I respectfully ask that his request tor a
special appropriation, to provide for the exigency
of the case, may receive the favorable aonsideration
of the Department and of Congress.
I have caused to be prepared, and herewith in-
closed, an estimate for the sum of $76,000, or so much
thereof as may be required for the purpose indicated.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
H. R. CLTTM,
Acting Commissioner.
Hon. Secretary of the Interior.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I dislike very much
that the Senator from Minnesota [Mr. Win-
dom] should feel so grieved, and although the
remarks I am about to make may not be par-
ticularly applicable to the pending amend-
ment, I am sure they will have a tendency to
soothe and relieve the distressed feelings of
my friend from Minnesota. He and I were
both in favor of abolishing the franking priv-
ilege. I am glad it was done. I believe it
was a gross abuse, and I think there will be a
large saving to the Government. But the
Senator from Minnesota has discovered that
it is going to cost the Government $1,800,000
to pay the postage of the Departments.
Does not my friend know that that $1,800,000
paid by the Treasury and the other Depart-
ments for postage goes right into the Treasury
again? The Departments pay for the stamps.
That does not take a dollar out of your Treas-
ury. It costs the Government nothing. The
stamps that they put on they pay the money
for. There is nothing paid out in that
way, not a single dollar! This is merely to
keep the accounts between the Post Office
Department and the other Departments of the
Government. I think there will be a large
saving to the Government, and I do not want
my friend to suffer the pain and anguish of
spirit that has been troubling him lest he
should have done great wrong in abolishing
the franking privilege.
He is also laboring under a great mistake
when he says we broke through the law the
other night and allowed the agricultural re-
port to go free. Why, sir, we did no such
thing. We authorized the agricultural report
to be sold at fifty cents to anybody that wanted
to buy it, and when a man pays the fifty cents,
enough of that fifty cents is taken to pay the
postage on it; that is to say, he pays the post-
age. Whatever the difference may be between
