1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
239
of his accounts at the Post Office Department,
being the amount lost in consequence of the
larceny of that sum, stolen at the fire on the
1:1th of February last from the post office at
Maryville, Tennessee.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let us hear the report
in that case.
The Chief Clerk read the following report,
submitted by Mr. Ferry, of Michigan, from the
Committee on Post Offices and Poet Roads,
on the 16th of May :
The Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads, to
whom was referred the bill (II. K. No. 22oo) tor the
relief of \V. II. Kirk, respectfully report:
That the accompanying papers, verified apon oath
by credible witnesses, show that on the night of the
lJth of February, 1ST2, a fire broke out in a store on
the west side of Main street, in the town of Mary-
ville, in theStateof Tennessee, andraged sofiercely,
under a high west wind, that the post office build-
iug. situated on the opposite side of said street, was
deemed in great peril, and the postmaster and his
assistant exerted themselves to save, by removal,
all the valuables of said post office. That, amid the
excitement growing out of the rapid progress of the
fire, the fixtures, books, papers, stamps, and moneys
of the office became more or less mixed and scat-
tered with other property of adjoining buildings
attempted to be saved in like manner of removal
by other citizens, and a portion of the stamps and
moneys was ultimately found to he missing. By a
communication from the Third Assistant Postmaster
General, dated March 22, A. D. 1S7& it appears that
the amount of postage stamps and stamped envel-
opes estimated to be in the hands of the postmaster
at the date of the fire was $1*0 48.
By the affidavit of W. H. Kirk, said postmaster at
Maryville, lie states that he suffered loss by said fire
to the amount of $110 20 in postage stamps and
stamped envelopes. From several affidavits in the
ease, it appearing that said postmaster H.11 <1 his
assistant actively labored to rescue as much of the
Government property from the menacing peril as
could be expected, and used such vigilance in secur-
ing the same as the circumstances would permit,
your committee think said Kirk is entitled to the
relief claimed, and respectfully recommend the
passage of the bill providing therefor.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not undertake to
stop the passage of this bill, because I know
it would be useless after the experience we
have had; but I move to amend it by strikiug
out the word " required," where it occurs,
and inserting words that will be apt to author-
ize the proper accounting officers of the
Treasury, upon satisfactory proof of its justice,
to settle this claim.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. I accept that
amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This is a House
bill, and the Senator cannot accept theamend-
nie.it, except as indicating his willingness that
the amendment be made. If there be no ob-
jection the amendment suggested by the Sen-
ator from Vermont, making the bill permissive
instead of mandatory, will be regarded as
agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendment was concurred
in. It was ordered that the amendment be
engrossed, and the bill read the third time.
The bill was read the third time, and passed.
mississippi river bbidobs.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 1111) to authorize the constrnction
of certain bridges over the Mississippi river
and over St. Croix lake or river.
Mr. CARPENTER. I think that bill had
better lie over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
passed over.
officers and crew op the wyoming.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 201) for the relief of the officers and
crew of the United States ship Wyoming;
which was considered as in Committee of the
Whole. It proposes to authorize the Secretary
of State to Bell so many of the registered bonds
of the United States, now under his control,
belonging to the Japanese indemnity fund, as
shall realize $160,000, and to pay the proceeds
to the Secretary of the Navy, who is to cause
the whole amount thereof to be distributed
among the officers and crew of the United
States ship Wyoming, under the same laws
and regulations that now govern the distribu-
tion of prize money, the same to be distrib-
uted to the officers and crew attached to the
Wyoming, according to the pay-roll of the
ship on the 16th day of June, 1863. The pro-
visions of the act are to be held and taken to
be in full satisfaction for all bounty, or claim
for bounty, on the part of the officers and crew
under any and all existing laws of the United
States or regulations of the Navy Department,
for the destruction of piratical vessels at
Simoniseki on the 16th of June, 1863. And
if any of the officers or crew shall have re-
ceived any bounty for this service, the same
shall be deducted from the amount to be paid
snch officer or seaman under the provisions
of the act; and no money is to be paid to any
assignee of the mariner entitled to the same,
but only to the mariner or his duly authorized
attorney in fact, or, in case of his decease, to
his legal representatives, excluding any such
assignee.
The bill was reported from the Committee
on Naval Affairs with amendments.
The first amendment of the Committee on
Naval Affairs was in line six to strike out
"$160,000" and insert "125,000."
The amendment, was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out in
lines ten and eleven the words " under the
same laws and regulations that now govern
the distribution of prize money" and insert
" and officers and crew who manned the Ta-
Kiang on the 5th, 6th, 7th, and 8th days of
September, 1864."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line seventeen,
after the words " 1863," to insert the words
"and to the officers and crew who manned the
Ta-Kiang, according to the pay-Toll of said
ship, on the 5th, 6th, 7th, and 8th days of
September, 1864."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line twenty-
seven, after the words "sixty-three," to in-
sert the words "and bombarding the forts
erected at the straits of Simoniseki, in Sep-
tember, 1864."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Is there a report? If
there is I should like to hear it read. I do not
know about prize money for bombarding a
fort.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There is a re-
port ; but the morning hour has expired and
the French spoliation bill is before the Senate,
on which the Senator from Ohio [Mr. Sher-
man] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. CRAGIN. I appeal to my friend from
Vermont to allow this bill to stand at the head
of the Calendar. When he knows the facts, I
am sure he will be in favor of the bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then the facts are en-
tirely different from the bill; but I withdraw
the objection.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Then this bill
will remain at the head of the Calendar.
statue of farragut.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I desire to
give notice on the part of the Committees on
Public Buildings and Grounds of the House
and of the Senate that all sculptors who have
models to present for the statue of Farragut
will be received in the northeast corridor of
the Senate wing of the Capitol, under the
reception-room. By the resolution adopted
April 16, 1872, these models were to be pre-
sented by the 1st of January and the two
committees were to have thereafter thirty days
to examine and report thereon. As the best
mode of giving information to the various
parties who I understand are to compete for
this statue, I have called the attention of the
Senate to it this morning.
amkndment to appropriation bill.
Mr. HOWE submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed by him to the bill (H.
R. No. 2980) making appropriations for the
current and contingent expenses of the In-
dian department, and for fulfilling treaty stip-
ulations with various Indian tribes for the year
ending June 30, 1874, and for other purposes ;
which wns referred to the Committee on Ap-
propiations, and ordered to be printed.
OBSTRUCTION AT SANDY IIOOK.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I submit a re-
port from a committee of conference.
The report was read, as follows;
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the bill (H. R. No. 3124)
to provide for the removal of the sunken wreck
which now obstructs the channel-way off Sandy
Hook, having met, after a full and free conference,
have agreed to recommend, and do recommend, to
their respective Houses as follows :
That the House recede from thoir disagreement to
the amendment of the Senate to said bill, and agree
to the same with the following amendment:
After the word " liability," in line three of said
amendment, insert the words "to repay such ex-
penditure (" and the Senate agree to the same.
FREDK. T. FRELINGHUYSEN,
A. G. TIIURMAN,
ROSCOE CONKLING,
Managers on the part of th>e Senate.
S. SHELLABARGER,
O. D. CONGER,
S. S. COX.
Managers on the part of the House.
The report was concurred in.
french spoliation claims.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill (S. No.
100) to provide for the adjustment and satis-
faction of claims of American citizens for
spoliation, committed by the French prior to
the 31st day of July, 1801, is now before the
Senate, and the Senator from Ohio [Mr.
Shermax] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. President, my ac-
quaintance with the French spoliation bill
commenced with my entrance into the House
of Representatives in the winter of 1855-56,
when, being a member of the Committee on
Foreign Affairs, this old and interesting class
of claims was handed to roe for investigation.
At that time my mind was entirely unbiased
upon the subject. The examinations of the
claims opened an interesting portion of Ameri-
can history, and without much to do I entered
upon their examination, reading nearly all the
public documents then already accumulated in
great numbers of volumes. I informed myself
in regard to all the points that had been made
in the discussion of the question. After this
examination I became entirely convinced that
there was no ground either in law or equity
why these claims ought to be paid by the
United States. During that Congress there
was no action upon the claims. From that
time they have rested without any definite ac-
tion, by either House of Congress. Now they
are pressed with a confident expectation of
payment, and it becomes my duty, -without
much time for preparation, to give the reasons
for my conviction why they ought not to be paid
by the United States.
Mr. President, it is no bar to these claims
to say that they are seventy-two years old, that
the generation of men who knew all about the
facts which gave rise to them did not recog-
nize them as valid, that none of the actors of
the period of 1800 who participated in the
negotiations connected with the subject ever
took any prominent or leading part in seeking
to enforce them. A bill for paying these claims
was never passed by the Senate of the United
States until 1835. All the men who partici-
pated in the historical events which gave rise
to them had then disappeared. Seventy-two
years have now rolled around, carrying away
two or three generations of statesmen who
knew of or acted here upon them; and yet
these claimants are not discouraged, and still
insist that they have a right to demand of the
United States as a matter of law payment of
$5,000,000 at least, for injuries suffered by
American citizens by French spoliations prior
to 1800.
Nor is it a conclusive reply to these claims
to say that they arraign George Washington,
