1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1203
of Indians at the Yellow Medicine station, in
the Territory of Dakota. It seems that in
1862, when the crops in that section of the
country failed, these Indians assembled at that
station became riotous, and were committing
depredations upon the citizens in the vicinity.
The amount allowed in the bill was, at the re-
quest of the Indian agent, expended for flour
by one of the citizens to feed the Indians, who
were then in a starving and riotous condition.
The Senate committee rejected $5,000 of this
claim, but they reported in favor of allowing
the amount now covered by the bill.
Mr. KERR. It is agreed, I believe, that
this Indian agent had no authority to make
this expenditure.
Mr. BUCKLEY. The agent did not make
the expenditure ; it was made by a citizen at
the request of the agent. The agent had no
authority in the matter ; but he urged the ex-
penditure of the money in order to preserve
the peace of that section.
Mr. KERR. In what form is the proof of
the expenditure ?
Mr. BUCKLEY. The proof in the case is
entirely satisfactory to the committee. We
have the statement of the agent himself, and
also of citizens in the vicinity. The Commit-
• tee of Claims have no question in regard to
the facts.
The bill was ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
Mr. BUCKLEY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
BENJAMIN GRATZ.
Mr. BUCKLEY also, from the same commit-
tee, reported, with a recommendation that it
pass, a bill (H. R. No. 3854) for the relief of
Benjamin Gratz; which was read a first and
second time.
The bill was read. It appropriates to Ben-
jamin Gratz, of Lexington Kentucky, $1,000 in
full compensation for his loss in consequence
of the destruction of his warehouse and hemp
factory at Lexington, Kentucky, by fire, while
the same was in the occupancy of the United
States Army.
Mr. BIRD. Is there a report in this case?
Mr. BUCKLEY. There is ; but Iwill state
to the gentleman from New Jersey [Mr. Bird]
that the appropriation made in the bill is not
for destruction of property, but for rent of a
warehouse which was used by the United
States troops quartered in that vicinity.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third lime; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. BUCKLEY moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
WILLIAM B. WILSON.
Mr. BUCKLEY also, from the same com-
mittee, reported back adversely a bill (H. R.
No. 1300) for the relief of William B. Wilson
for extra services in carrying ihe mails; and
moved that the same be laid on the table, and
the report ordered to be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
LUIGI BOTTO.
Mr. BUCKLEY also, from the same com-
mittee, reported back adversely the petition
of Luigi Botto. praying compensation for prop-
erty destroyed in 1863 at Memphis, Tennessee,
by United States troops ; and moved that the
same be laid on the table, and the report
ordered to be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
SAMUEL HUNT.
Mr. BUCKLEY also, from the same commit-
tee, reported back adversely the bill^ (H. H.
No. 285i>) for the relief of Samuel limit;
and moved that the same be laid on the table,
and the report ordered to be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
JOSIAH MORRIS AND J F. JOHNSON.
Mr. BUCKLEY also, from the same com-
mittee, reported a bill (EL R. No. 3855) for the
relief of Josiah Morris and J. F. Johnson ;
which was read a first and second time.
The bill which was read, authorizes and
directs the Secretary of the Treasury, out of
any money in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated, to make the proper payment
to carry into effect the decree of the district
court of the United States for the middle dis-
trict of Alabama, bearing date June 8, 1870,
in the case of Josiah Morris and J. F. Johnson,
claimants of one hundred and twenty bales of
cotton (appellants vs. United States one hun-
dred and twenty bales of cotton) illegally
seized by the United States, which decree was
in pursuance of the decision of the Supreme
Court of the United States pronounced at the
December term, 1868, such payment to be
made to the person mentioned in said decree
or his legal representative, the sum therein
awarded to him, namely, $35,509.
Mr. KERR. I should like to hear the re-
port in that case read.
Mr. BUCKLEY. There is a reportaccom-
panying the bill. It is a long one, and per-
haps I can make a brief statement which will
satisfy the gentleman.
Mr. KERR. That will do.
Mr. BUCKLEY. In the month of Decem-
ber, 1866, a personal judgment was pro-
nounced against Josiah Morris, in a suit pend-
ing in the United SLates court for the middle
district of Alabama, for the sum of $31,407, in
a suit entitled United States vs. one hundred
and twenty bales of cotton.
Mr. KERR. I will make no further objec-
tion.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move to strike out the
word "namely."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill as amended was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. BUCKLEY moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
H15NRY FULENWIDER.
Mr. BUCKLEY also, from the same com-
mittee, reported a bill (H. R. No. 3856) for
the relief of the heirs of Henry Fulenwider,
deceased; which was read a first and second
time.
The bill, which was read, authorizes and
directs the Secretary of the Treasury, out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appropri-
ated, to pay to the heirs of the estate of Henry
Fulenwider, deceased, the sum of$10,892 85, in
full compensation for services rendered in
carrying the United States mail over route
No. 7002, in the State of Alabama, from
the 1st day of April, 1861, to the 31st day of
May, 1861, as shown by the certificate of the
Auditor for the Post Office Department.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. BUCKLEY moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
J. GISORGK HARRIS.
Mr. BUCKLEY also, from the same com-
mittee, reported a bill (H. R. No. 3857) for the
relief of J. George Harris; which was read a
first and second time.
The bill, which was read, authorizes and
directs the Secretary of the Treasury to pay
to J. George Harris, out ol any money iu the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated, the sum
of $5,850 for wood and timber taken from
his farm in Tennessee, by competent military
authority, for the use of the Army of the
United States, which shall be in full compen-
sation for all claims against the Government
on account of wood and timber so taken.
Mr. RANDALL. Is there any report ac-
companying this bill?
Mr. BUCKLEY. There is a very full
report made by a board of survey appointed
by the Quartermaster General, which recom-
meuded the payment of something like forty-
five thousand dollars. We have recommended
in this bill the payment of something over
five thousand dollars to Mr. Harris.
Mr. RANDALL. We are voting out large
sums of money from the Treasury, I think
without due attention on the part of the House.
I shall ask for the reading of the report, so we
may have the case fully before us. If the
reports be not read, I shall hereafter make
the point of order that, making appropriations,
they must have their first consideration in the
Committee of the Whole on the Private Cal-
endar.
Mr. BUCKLEY. In every case there is a
carefully prepared report. I demand the pre-
vious question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed
Mr. BUCKLEY moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MRS. KiUMA A. PORCH.
Mr. BUCKLEY also, from the same com-
mittee, reported a bill (H. R. No. 3858) for
the relief of Mrs. Emma A. Porch; which was
read a first and second time.
The question was on ordering the bill to be
engrossed and read a third time.
The bill was read. It authorizes and directs
the Secretary of the Treasury to pay, out of
any money in the Treasury not otherwise ap-
propriated, to Mrs. Emma A. Porch, the sum
of $200, as compensation for services ren-
dered as scout and spy, in November, 1864,
in the State of Missouri, during the " Price
raid."
Mr. BURDETT. I offer the following
amendment:
Strike out &200 and insert $500.
Mr. RANDALL. Will the gentleman ex-
plain the effect of his amendment ?
Mr. BURDETT. This is a bill to pay
Mrs. Emma A. Porch, of Missouri, for ser-
vices, which she rendered in the year 1864, as a
spy. The evidence in the case shows tbaf this
lady was in the employment of the military
authorities of the United States, in the secret
service; and it is abundantly shown, from the
evidence upon the files accompanying the bill,
that the service which she rendered was highly
important. It was very dangerous ; and she is
commended without exception by the com-
manders under whom she served.
In 1864, late in the fall of the year, the con-
federate army, under Sterling Price, had made
its way through the State of Missouri, and had
encamped before the city of Jefferson, the
capital of the State. An attack was moment-
arily expected from that army, and the com-
manding officer of the Federal forces desired
some person who, at the risk of life, would
enter the rebel lines and bring information as
to what the purposes of the enemy were-
This lady was assured by the provost marshal
general that he wished the services of some
person for that purpose, and that he woulu
gladly pav $500. She accepted the trust, and
entered the lines of the enemy, returned to
the commanding officer ol the 1'cden.il troops
