1204:
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 8,
at Jefferson City, gave him that information
which he certifies was correct, and which he
declarer was of great importance to him. It
was in consequence, probably, of the inform-
ation thus obtained that the attack of the con-
federate forces was warded off. At any rate,
the service was performed by this woman.
Soon afterward the army left Jefferson and
marched toward Lexington, in the same State,
still a conquering army. This woman again,
at the request of the military authorities of the
United States, entered the confederate lines a
second time. She was suspected of being a
Federal spy ; was arrested as such, and was
detained as a prisoner in the confederate camp
all through the march of that army back
through the central part of the State, and un-
til, finally, after their defeat on the southern
border, they were driven into the Indian ter-
ritory.
The committee, Mr. Speaker, simply find
that she was imprisoned, while she was sup-
posed to be under pay of five dollars a day,
lortg enough to make this little sum of $200,
which they report, and ask that she shall have
the sum promised for the service well done,
in which she lost her health.
Mr. RANDALL. I should like to hear the
report read.
The report was read. It stated that the
whole subject was examined by the Committee
of Claims, of the Forty-First Congress, which
■made the following report:
" Hie petitioner was employed by order of General
E. B. Brown, as a spy, about th c 7th of April, 1861, du-
ring th® "Price raid." The sworn statement of the
petitioner, together with the affidavits of Martha
Ostrander and Herman S. Brans, and letters from
General E. B, Brown, and General Thomas C. Flet-
cher, all concur in proving that the petitioner ren-
dered services as spy and scout; that such service
was at great hazard to her -life; that she thereby
furnished the United States Government with valu-
able information; and that she was promised by the
provost marshal $500 for the same. It also appears
thatshewas thus employed from about the 1st of
October until some time in November, 1864, during
whioh time she was taken prisoner by the enemy. The
character of the petitioner is above reproach. The
committee have reported a bill for her relief, whioh
gives her 8500, and they recommend its passage."
The committee having carefully examined
the case, found that the facts fully justify the
statements made in the foregoing report, which
the committee adopt in part. The committee,
however, were of the opinion that the aura of
five dollars per day, which was the amount
paid others for similar services, would be a fair
compensation. They therefore reported the
accompanying bill, and recommended its pas-
The question was on Mr. Burdett's amend-
ment, to strike out "$200" and insert "$500."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill as amended was ordered to be
engrossed, and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. BUCKLEY moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ADVEKSU REPORTS.
Mr. BUCKLEY also, from the same com-
mittee, reported adversely on the petitions in
the following cases; and the same were sev-
erally laid on the table, and the reports ordered
to be printed;
In the case of Major William T. Brinton;
In the ease of Charles W. Denison;
In the case of Cyrus P. Mendenhall;
In the case of Emanuel Mason;
In the case of William A. Hughes, of Pu-
laski county, Illinois; and
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 156) referring
to the Court of Claims the claim of John C.
Lemon, late colonel tenth New York cavalry.
Mr. Cl'iEBS. I would ask that the report
accompanying the case of Hughes be primed.
Mr. BUCKLEY. The reports will all be
printed.
Mr. RANDALL moved to reconsider the
votes by which the various reports were laid
on the table; and also moved that the motion
to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
KiSLIJSF OF LOYAL CREDITORS.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan, from the Com-
mittee of Claims, reported back with an amend-
ment, and with the recommendation that it do
pass, the bill (H. R. No. 2985) for the relief
of certain loyal creditors, whose moneys were
confiscated by the confederate congress, in the
State of Louisiana.
The bill was read. It authorizes and em-
powers the Secretary of the Treasury to divide
among the loyal northern creditors, whose debts
were confiscated by the acts of the confeder-
ate government, $203,334 89.pro rata, accord-
ing to the amount of such confiscated debts;
and for that purpose authorizes him to appoint
a commissioner, whose duty it shall be, after
giving thirty days' public notice of the time
and place of hearing, in a newspaper published
in the cities of Washington, New Orleans, New
York, andPhiladelphia, to hear and determine
the claims of all persons to the fund, to ascer-
tain by testimony taken under oath who is
justly entitled to any part thereof caused by
confiscation of his debts, whether or not such
creditor has received in any other way or from
any other source any portion or the whole of
the claim, aud after determining the amount,
to distribute or allow for all such claims pre-
sented to him, and order a division of the
sum between the claimants, pro rata, after
deducting the expenses of such division, which
shall in no event exceed five per cent, on the
amount thereof; and upon the approval of
such division by the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, he is authorized to draw his warrant
upon the Treasurer of the United States in
favor of the several claimants, for payment
thereof.
The amendment reported by the Committee
of Claims was to insert after the word " cents,"
in line seven, the words "being the amount
captured from confederate receivers as pro-
ceeds of debts due northern loyal creditors,
paid to such receivers of confederate debts at
New Orleans."
Mr. RANDALL. Is there a report in this
case'!
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. I will say to the
gentleman that there is a large amount of
papers accompanying the bill, showing the
amount of money captured and its situation
in the Treasury. I have not written any
report.
Mr. BANDALL. It seems to me that this
is a very novel proceeding.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. If the gentle-
man will observe for a moment, I think he will
see that there is nothing novel in it. The
Government of the United States has in the
Treasury a certain amount of money which had
been taken from confederate receivers in New
Orleans, who held it as the proceeds of confis-
cated debts due to northern creditors. That
money being now in the Treasury, it is pro-
posed that the Secretary of the Treasury shall
look into the question, and on such proof'as
he can obtain ascertain who were the northern
creditors whose debts were thus confiscated,
and divide the amount, pro rata, among them!
Mr. RANDALL. Where does the money
come from ?
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. It was captured
from the confederate receivers at New Or-
leans.
Mr. RANDALL. I am perfectly willing
that these northern creditors shall be paid,
provided the money does not finally come from
the Government, but I do not want to establish
any precedent under which the Government
can be held responsible for the action of the
confederate government,
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. The gentleman
is right, but this money came from the eon-
federate receivers and it is only proposed  o
divide it among the creditors to whom it
belongs.
Mr. RANDALL. I have never before seen
an act which embraced the distribution of
money in this manner.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. It struck the
Committee of Claims that this was the shortest
and wisest way to divide the money. The
only question was whether we should appoint
a com mission, which would have involved con-
siderable expense.
Mr. RANDALL. The gentleman will un-
derstand that as a northern Representative I
am in favor of paying these creditors
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. Unquestionably.
Mr. RANDALL. And as the gentleman
says that no money will be taken from the
Treasury which belongs properly to the Treas-
ury itself, that of course removes all objec-
tions.
The amendment reported from the Com-
mittee of Claims was agreed to.
The bill as amended was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. BLAIR,of Michigan, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed; '
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MARGARET B. FRANK.
Mr. HOLMAN, from'the Committee of
Claims, reported back S^nat-e bill No. 983, for
the relief of Margaret B. Frank, heir at law
of Thomas L. Prank, deceased, of Green Bay,
Wisconsin ; and moved that the committee be
discharged from its further sonsideration, and
that the same be laid on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
william seldon.
Mr. HOLMAN also, from the same commit-
tee, reported a bill (H. R. No. 3859) for the
relief of William Seldon, late marshal of the
United States for the District of Columbia;
which was read a first and second lime.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill directs the accounting officers of
the Treasury to reexamine the accounts of
William Seldon, late marshal of the United
States for the District of Columbia, for the
maintenance and support by him of public
prisoners confined in the jail of said District
from July 30, 1858, to May 17, 1861, both
inclusive, and to adjust and pay said account
in conformity with the allowances thereon, not
exceeding, however, the rate of thirty-seven
cents per diem for the maintenance and sup-
port by him of each public prisoner confined
in said jail during that time, certified by the
judge of the criminal court of said District at
the time when said account accrued; and the
sum necessary to pay the balance that may be
found due the said Seldon on such reexamin-
ation and adjustment, not exceeding §11,200,
is hereby appropriated.
Mr. HOLMAN. I ask that the report
accompanying the bill be read. It is quite
brief.
The report was read. It states that the
committee, to whom was referred the petition
of William Seldon, late marshal of the United
States for the District of Columbia, submit
that the petitioner seeks payment from the
United States of the balance of his account
presented to the accounting officers of the
Treasury for the maintenance and support of
public prisoners confined in the jail of the
District of Columbia, between the 30ih day
of July, 1858, and the 17th day of May, 18til,
and while the petitioner was the United Stares
marshal for such District; that thy account,
duly certified by the judge of the criminal
court for said District in which the service
charged for was rendered, is calculated at the
rate of thirty-four cents per diem for each
