1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1205
public prisoner so maintained and supported
by the petitioner during the period aforesaid,
and amounts in the aggregate to the sum of
$29,342 58; that upon this account the peti-
tioner was allowed and paid by the account-
ing officers of the Treasury at the rate of
twenty-one cents only per diem for each pub-
lic prisoner maintained and supported as above
mentioned, making an aggregate payment and
allowance of the sum of $18,122 56, the differ-
ence between these amounts being the sum of
$11,220 02.
The report further states that by actof Con-
gress 24thSeptember, 1789, section 27, (1 Stat.,
87,) a marshal was authorized to be appointed
in and for each judicial district of the United
States; and that by act of Congress, May 8,
1792, section 4, (1 Stat., 227,) the marshal is
authorized to include in his account his ex-
penses ''for the maintenance of prisoners con-
fined in jail for any criminal offence," it be-
ing therein further provided that the account
having been examined and certified by the
court, or one of the judges of it, in which the
service shall have been rendered, shall be
passed in the usual manner at, and the amount
thereof paid out of, theTreasury of the United
States to the marshal; that with entire unanim-
ity the legislative, executive, and judicial de-
partments of the Government have constantly
adhered to the opinion that by the true and plain
intendment of the section last above mentioned
the certificate of the judge upon the exam-
ination of the marshal's accounts was con-
clusive, and that the items therein were not to
be reexamined in any manner by the officers
of the Treasury Department (1 Opin., 443;
£> Id., 191; Sen. Doc., lstsess. 29 Cong., 293 ;
Rep. H. R., 2 sess., 30 Cong. 132 ; See H. S.
vs. Smith, 1 W. & M., 184) ; that the actof
Congress, 27th February, 1801, sec. 7 and 9,
(2 Stat., 107,) the marshal for the District of
Columbia, in respect both to his duties and
compensation, was placed on the same footing
with the marshal ot the United States for the
district of Maryland.
The report also states that it is true that the
operation of the fourth section of the act of
May 8, 1792, was modified to some extent
by act of Congress of August 16, 1856, (11
Stat., 49,) in the first section thereof. But
ihat such modification was not intended to
apply to the District of Columbia is incon-
testahly demonstrated as well from the peculiar
phraseology of the said first section, and its
evident contrast with the language employed
in the eighth section of the act of August 16,
1856, as by the fidelity with which the Legisla-
ture seems to have adhered to the terms of the
first section of act of Congress of February
26, 1853, (10 Stat., 161,) as amended by act
of Congress of March 2, 1855, section twelve,
(Id., 671,) after their attention had been
specially directed to the subject.
The report goes on to state that the commit-
tee are of the opinion that the certificate of
the judge upon the accounts of the marshal
was final and conclusive; that it is proper to
observe that the sum of thirty four cents per
diem, charged by the petitioner for his main-
tenance and support of each public prisoner
confined in the said jail during the period
aforesaid, appears to have been m itself but a
reasonable and fair compensation to the peti-
tioner ; that without any known exception his
immediate predecessors in office from theyear
1816 had been allowed and paid at that rate
for the same description of service; and that
without any change in the law, his immediate
successor in office was allowed and paid for
the same description of service at the rate of
thirty-six cents per diem. The case of the
petitioner has furnished, in a period of forty
years, the solitary example of the final settle-
ment of the accounts of a marshal of the Dis-
trict of Columbia on the basis of any other
allowance than that of ninety-four eenis per
difm for the maintenance and suppor' ol a
public prisoner confined in the jail of said
District. The custody of public prisoners con-
fined in the jail of the District of Columbia
having ceased since 1864 to belong to the mar-
shal, such service under existing laws can fur-
nish no ground for future claim against the
Government.
Upon a full and careful consideration of the
subject, the committee believe that the claim
of the petitioner is equitable and just in itself,-
and valid in law. He is now an aged citizen,
in the eighty-third year of his age ; his neces-
sities are great; and protesting from the first
against any reduction of his account, he has
long been denied, beyond the sphere of Con-
gress, the relief which he here seeks.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time: and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. HOLMAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
WILLIAM HUTIIEIlFOltD.
Mr. HOLMAN also, from the same com-
mittee, reported, with a recommendation that ;
it pass, a bill (H It. No. 3860) for the relief j
of William Rutherford, of Washington ; which
was read a first and second time.
The bill was read. It authorizes the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to pay to William Ruther-
ford, of Washington, $600 in recognition of
that forgetfulness of self and devotion to the
public service manifested by him at Yorktowti,
Virginia, in December, 1863, which resulted
in great benefit to the Government and in that
amount of loss to him.
Mr. HOLMAM. There is a very brief re-
port in this case. 1 hope it will be read as
the case is a peculiar one.
The report was read. It states that, as
appears from the papers on file, William
Kutherford, for sixteen years prior to the
month of May, 1866, (including the entire
period of the late war,) was in the military
service of the United States, (for the greater
part of the time as a private soldier,) and as
such was faithful and reliable; that on the
16th day of December, 1863, he was holding
the position of ordnance sergeant, stationed
at Yorktown, Virginia, and in charge of a
large amount of Government stores; that on
the night of the 16th of December, 1863, the
building containing those stores and occupied
by the ordnauce department was destroyed
by fire, together with nearly all the stores
therein, and the quarters occupied by Ruther-
ford, by which his personal properly, including
$600, his earnings as a soldier—indeed, as
appears, all he had—was lost, his total loss
being $661 45. The committee was satisfied
from the proof that this loss of Rutherford
resulted from the fact that, instead of being
mindful of his personal effects, he gave his
entire attention and efforts to saving the pub-
lic property under his charge. The committee
think it quite clear, from the entire evidence,
that this devotion to public, duty and disregard
of his own personal interest was the cause of
the loss which Rutherford sustained. Among
the evidence attesting this fact is an order
from General Wistar, commanding at the
time at Yorktown.
Under these circumstances the committee
think it highly proper that the Government
should recognize this fidelity to duty, and not
permit the faithful performance of a public
duty to result in a serious personal loss.
Mr, WOOD. I would like the gentleman
from Indiana to explain this bill.
Mr. HOLMAN. I cannot give any clearer
explanation than -is given in the report which
has been read.
Mr. WOOD. The proposition of the bill,
to give compensation for fidelity to public
duty, strikes me as somewhat novel.
Mr. HOLMAN. The report is very full ;
mid it'my friend from New York [Mr. \Voot>]
listened to the reading, he undoubtedly ob-
served the peculiar facts of the case.
Mr. WOOD. I have no disposition to antag-
onize this bill; but the report as read by the
Clerk is defective. It refers to as Order of
the commanding officer ; but thai order has
not been read. I would like to hear it.
Mr. HOLMAN. I believe the order is with
the papers sent to the desk.
Mr. WOOD. I should like to hear the gen-
tleman from Indiana [Mr. Holman] upon the
question as to the precedent which may be
established by this bill, which proposes to
vote money as a reward for fidelity and to
public duty.
Mr. HOLMAN. I ask the Clerk to read
the order referred to.
The Clerk read as follows:
Headquarters United States Forces.
Yorktown, Virginia, December 28, 1863.
Sergeant: It is my duty and pleasure to thank
you warmly, aswell lor myself as in the name of the
Government, for your arduous efforts in saving the
property and papers belonging to the ordnance
department during the great fire and consequent
explosion on the night of the 16th instant; the ord-
nsnce officer of the post being absent.
Your labor and personal exposure were daring
and successful, and deserve the highest commenda-
tion.
I regret that they were not sooner brought to my
attention, that they and you might have been men-
tioned in General Orders.
V ery respectfully, I. J. WISTAR,
Brigadier General Commanding.
William A. Rutherford,
Ordnance Sergeant, Untied Slates Army.
Mr. HOLMAN. There are thousands of
precedents for this legislation. I think the
bill is meritorious. I demand the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded and
the main question ordered; and under the
operation thereof the bill was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. HOLMAN moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
THOMAS B. TUTT AND COMPANY.
Mr. HOLMAN also, from the same com-
mittee, reported a bill (H. R. No. 3861) for
the relief of Thomas E. Tutt & Co.; which
was read a first and second time.
The bill, which was read, authorizes aud
directs the Secretary of the Treasury to pay,
out of any money in the Treasury not other-
wise appropriated, to Thomas E. Tutt & Co.,
assignees of Smith & Vernon, the amount of
$2,795 78, deducted from the pay of the officers
and men of the Osage regiment of Missouri
volunteers, for goods furnished by said Smith
& Vernon in the year 1861, on satisfactory
proof of said supplies being furnished and
said deduction being made.
Mr. HOLMAN. There is a report accom-
panying the bill showing all the facts. It has
been before the committee for some time, and
it is believed, with the safeguards thown around
the payment, of this money, the bill ought to
pass.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. HOLMAN moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
TREADWELL S. AYUES.
Mr. HOLMAN. I am directed by the Com-
mittee of Claims to call up for consideration
at this time a motion to reconsider the vote
by which a bill for the relief of Treadwell S.
Ayres, of Memphis, Tennessee, was recom-
mitted to that committee during the last ses-
sion of Congress, and I propose to put the bill
upon its passage at this time.
