242
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 17,
for in the treaty of 1778, and that too ' before
Washington had issued his proclamation of
neutrality: in other words, that France had
in-regarded two of the articles of the treaty,
a'id she complained that Washington by his
proclamation of neutrality had also disregarded
two of those articles, both nations disregarding
these treaties as incompatible with and as
iucon-istent with the new state of affairs that
ha 1 sprung up on the map of Europe.
And so Jay's treaty, to which I need scarcely
refer, expressly violated the French treaty.
It was admitted 011 all hands that that treaty
was inconsistent with the French treaty. Why,
sir, the eighteenth article of this treaty was
entirely inconsistent with the French treaty.
It prescribed an entirely different rule of law
as to what should be contraband of war.
Under Jay's treaty the articles named a3
contraband of war conformed to the law of
nations. Under our treaty with France the
list of articles named as contraband of war
■was much more liberal, much more broad,
and much more favorable to the Uuited
States. It was utterly impossible to carry on
an intercourse with France and Great Britain
with treaties so utterly inconsistent with each
other. This shows that Jay's treaty was based
on the idea that the stipulations upon whieh
these claims are now based were regarded
both by France and the United States, and
especially by the United States, as practi-
cally abrogated and done away with.
But if there ever was any doubt about this
matter, it was entirely removed by an act of
Congress which in so many words said that
these-treaties had been abrogated and were
declared to be of 110 force and effect. That
law of Congress was passed in 1798, two years
before the treaty of 1800 was made. I will
read the operative words of that law. On the
7th of July, 1798, the following act passed
Congress :
"_ Whereas the treaties ooncluded between the
United States and France have been repeatedly vio-
late! un the part of the French Government, and
the just claims of the United States for reparation
of the injuries so committed have been refused, and
their attempts to negotiate an amicable adjustment
of all complaints between the two nations have been
repelled with indignity; and whereas under the
uulhority of the French Government there is yet
pui-ucd against the United States a system of pred-
atory violence, infracting the said treaties, anil
hostile to the rights of a free and independent
nation :
" lie it enacted, <tc.. That the United States are of
right freed and exonerated from the stipulations of
the treaties and of the consular convention hereto-
fore concluded between the United States and
France; and that the same shall not henceforth be
regarded as legally obligatory on the Uovernment
or citizens of the United States."
This act of Congress made a law for our citi-
zens, whatever it did for France—a law by
which our citizens were bound. The treaties
and the stipulations in the treaties upon which
the pretensions of France were based were
set aside, not by the proclamation of neutrality
merely, but by a direct act of Congress; so
that these treaties were not in force at all
when the negotiation of 1800 occurred. !
But all this time while these acts were going
on by the Government of the United States, j
the French Government in its warfare with I
Great Britain issued its edicts and orders by 1
which all these depredations were committed
upon our commerce. They disregarded the
treaties. They treated them as superseded by
events, fhey treated them as null and void, j
and driven probably by the necessities of their J
position, they seized our vessels destined for 1
English ports, took them to France, held many
in embargo in violation of the treaty, destroyed
some, used the provisions that were intended
for her enemy to support her own people, and
not only violated the treaty, but violated the
rules of international law. She so conducted
herself as to excite against her the strong an-
tipathy of the American people, and nearly
to wear out all that kindly affection which had
existed between France and the United States.
Now, sir. what was ih^ duty of the United
States under these circumstances? We had set
aside these treaties by our solemn acts so far
as we could do so. Our citizens were bound
by the acts of our Government. When our
citizens were thus deprived of property, what
did the United States do ? Were our ancestors
quiet and supine ? Did they allow these depre-
dations to proceed without expressing their
resentment? Not at all. First, there was
negotiation from 1793 to 1798, continued day
after day—expostulation. We finally sent to
France three of the most eminent citizens of
the United States, at the head of whom was
Ellsworth, the Chief Justice of the United
States. How were they treated? Scoffed at.
refused admission, told that if they would
bribe this man or that they might possibly get
some kind of redress. The famous corres-
pondence of " X. Y. Z.," which disgraced the
French people at the time, was published.
The people of the United States were indig-
nant; but still, remembering the old feelings
between Frauce and the United States, they
did not declare war but continued negotiation.
Depredations were still committed and we
prepared for war.
We issued letters of marque and reprisal.
We authorized the seizure of French vessels.
Vessels were seized upon the ocean; blood
was shed ; battles were fought; vessels were
captured'; and war was waged, in behalf of
these claims. Although our country was then
substantially without means of offense, de-
pending upon no vessels of war except those
she cotlld improvise out of her merchant
marine ; although we were then poor, in debt,
with only four million people scattered
along a coast two or three thousand miles
long, yet in behalf of these very claimants
we did go to the very verge of war, if we did
not cross the boundary and wage war against
France. No, sir; the Government of the
United States and the people of the United
States were never indifferent to the losses
suffered by these claimants. We went to the
very extreme.
All that we did not do was that we would
not depart from the policy of neutrality and
involve ourselves in the maelstrom of events
that was shaking Europe to its very center.
But everything short of that we did in behalf
of these claimants; yea, we spent millions
upon millions of dollars. We called Wash-
ington from his retirement; we mustered
Alexander Hamilton, substantially, at the head
j of our armies ; we engaged in the building of
vessels ; we did all that a nation could do.
We were not unmindful of the obligations that
rested upon us to defend the rights of our
citizens. What more could we do?
And yet now this claim is presented here
upon the ground formerly taken by the French.
Washington and all his contemporaries are
arraigned here for using the private property
of these claimants to buy off the old treaties
which we had twice repudiated and declared
by acts of Congress not to be operative 011 us,
which France had disregarded. Why, sir, by
this bill Washington and Adams and Jefferson
are charged with appropriating- the property ,
of citizens of the United States to quiet an ■
antiquated claim which they had rejected in !
every possible form of language and which
they never during the negotiations of 1800
recognized as having any binding force or
obligation upon the United States. That is
the claim made by these people. They say
that Adams and Jefferson, one the Presi-
dent when the treaty of 1800 was negotiated,
another President when the treaty was
ratified, took the property of these private
citizens, converted it to public use to buy up a
claim by France, and the Government of the
United States has refused for seventy-two
years to pay for this private property thus
used. That is the claim made against the
Government of the United States. Sir, I
thank God that I can say, after a full examina-
tion of all these documents, that there is no
ground for this claim to stand upon. The
United States did press the claim to the verge
of war. They pressed it by negotiation, by all
the power that we were enabled to wield. We
did not press it to the extent of suicide by
engaging in the maelstrom of war. There is
no ground whatever to say that the Govern-
ment of the United States in its early founda-
tion was not true and faithful to its obligations
to its citizens.
Now, Mr. President, let us examine for a
moment the question, what is our obligation'
to our citizens in regard to war. I do not'
know that it is necessary for me to cite au-
thority upon this point, because it seems to bv
conceded by the honorable Senator from Mas-
sachusetts that we are not bound to stake the
salvation of our country in the support of the
claims of our citizens, but I have here a num-
ber of quotations from many eminent men to
show that, it is not the duty of the Govern-
ment of the Uuited States ever to press a
claim of private citizens against foreign coun-
tries to an extent that would even damage the
commercial interests of the people. That is
the law.
We are bound, according to the Constitution
of the United States, when we take the prop-
erty of our people, to pay them full compen-
sation ; but when our citizens engage in com-
mercial ventures with foreign nations, when
our citizens leave our own land and go among-
foreign nations, what are we bound to do for
their protection? We are bound to see to
them, to care tor them, to look after them, to-
do what we can to protect them, to encourage-
them. We are not bound to step forward as
insurers against the loss or the capture or
the detention of their vessels. We are not so
bound by any obligation of law or of duty. It
is laid down by Chancellor Bibb, of Kentucky,
speaking with very great eloquence of what
had been done by the United States in behalf
of these very claimants, that 110 nation ought
to follow its adventurous citizens in their
commercial speculations to such an extent
as to involve the nation in war or contro-
versy. According to the law of nations we
are not even under any obligation to fol-
low our citizens in their commercial relations
abroad, are not even bound to injure onr com-
mercial interests by following our own citizens
in their adventures. The United States have
always gone further in this direction than any
other nation. We protected an unnaturalized
foreigner, who had taken the first oath of alle-
giance, against the power of Austria. We have
always gone further in defending the rights of
our citizens than any other nation. Great
Britain and the United States have carried
the duty of enforcing the rights of their citi-
zens against foreign nations further than any
other nations. But we never carried this fur-
ther than we did in behalf of these claimants.
When these detentions occurred, when these
captures were made, we were not only remon-
strating, begging, beseeching, sending our emi-
nent men on fruitless visits to Paris, but we were
waging war, capturing privateers, taking repris-
als, doingall acts that were necessary to enforce
the rights of our citizens. When all these
efforts had failed, at last, in 1800, we were com-
pelled to abandon the negotiation ; and now,
after seventy-two years, we are required to
review the conduct of the eminent men who
formed part of the history of the times ; we are
called upon to review the propriety of the proc-
lamation of neutrality ; called upon to ignore
and reverse the law of 1798, and take the
French side of this controversy in order to
make a claim which our people have disre-
garded for seventy-two years.
This brings rae, sir, to the treaty of 1800,
and I think, if I am fortunate in conveying
my own impressions, I can show that all that
occurred in that treaty of 1800 was entirely
consistent with the position I take here, that
there was 110 single act or declaration imply-
ing an assumption of these claims. Now let
