244
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 17,
ien by the ill conduct of the Government; but the
public is not bound for tboill conduct of a foreign
Power."— Congremunul Delnitet, Vol. II, part one,
page 1!M.
That was the view taken by thiaerniiientand
distinguished citizen, a Senator from the State
of Kentucky, certainly one of the most dis-
tinguished men produced by Kentucky, an
ornament to the bar and one of the chancellors
of that State.
My friend from New Hampshire used a word
which I think he copied from the report of
the honorable Senator from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Somnf.r.]
Mr. PATTERSON. No, sir.
Mr. SHERMAN. Well, the word " set-
off." It is a very common transaction. In
ordinary dealings between two private citi-
zens they set off their obligations to each
other, but the idea of a set off in the view
that word presents to you, sir, as a lawyer, [to
Mr. Carpenter, in the chair,] never occurred
to the men who negotiated the treaty of 1800.
There is no allusion to a set-off or a balancing
of accounts in that way in all the negotia-
tions, and the first public document or the
first speech in which the idea occurs is the
report made to the Senator from Massachu-
setts, a set-off, a contract, an agreement by
which one class of claims can be paid for
another. If Senators can show me any such
ground upon which either the French or
Americans put this controversy, then there is
an end. If it was a thing that was boiled
down to a few dollars and cents, if that was
the only matter between France and the
United States, it was a very small hole for
a great controversy. There was nothing of
the kind. These were claims by the nations,
one against the other, neither willing to
recede, neither willing to abandon.
We firmly refused to engage again in the
treaties of 1778. Every proposition by the
French to renew those treaties was declared
by our minister utterly inadmissible. In 1800,
in one of the communications where a ref-
erence was made to those treaties, it was said
on the part of the Government of the United
States by its commissioners, " those treaties
are not operative ; every branch of our Gov-
ernment has put a different construction on
them, and we are bound by that. We cannot
introduce them again into the law of nations
between France and the United States; they are
utterly inadmissible," to use their own lan-
guage. On the other hand, when we presented
our claims to the French, the French minister
met them and said he would resign his office
rather than pay them ; he would never pay
them. The language was strong. Finally our
minister wrote home that it was utterly idle to
present these claims, that their commercial
value was nothing; they could not be enforced.
The only question was whether putting their
backs to the past, burying in the grave all the
controversies that existed between them, not
setting them off like a barter and a trade be-
tween two sharp traders, two great nations, ;
neither willing to yield to the other, would
bury in silence all controversies, not only be- !'
tween the two nations, but between their citi- jj
zens, and make a new treaty of peace. This i
was done. They called it a treaty of peace.
Whether there had been war before or not is
a debatable question. They called the treaty
of 1800 a treaty of peace, and they made it,
simply abandoning and turning their backs on
the old controversies.
So every treaty of peace that is made be-
tween nations discharges some liability. One
nation or the other must surrender something,
and usually both ; and this was a treaty of
peace; all the old controversies were buried
in the grave. When this treaty came here to
Washington it was a new treaty of peace.
Whether the second article was in or out made
no difference. The United States were dis-
charged from all obligations under the treaties
of 1778. There was no guarantee clause; there
was no definition of contraband of war; there
was no free port for privateers; and it was a
i treaty founded on the general principles of
Jay's treaty. It took immediate operation and
effect. The question came before the Senate
of the United States, and I now appeal to
Senators: suppose we had that treaty here
and we were acting upon that treaty and we
found in it article two, an indefinite promise
some time in the distant future, to open up a
new controversy with France by which claims,
rejected by both and negotiated about so long,
were continued over, what would we do? All
the interest we had in retaining that second
article was the right to enforce the private
claims of ourcitizens for depredations ; but we
knew that the right was contested by France
and never would be yielded by France unless
connected with a stipulation to renew the old
treaties of 1778.
My honorable friend from Pennsylvania in
his very excellent speech yesterday spoke
about France recognizing these claims. Why,
sir, France never recognized these claims ex-
cept in connection with the renewal of the
treaties ; she always put the two together from
the beginning to the end. The very first time
Mr. Monroe presented these claims to the
French Government, the French replied " No;
you violated your treaty; these were acts of
reprisal." They ordered in some cases, and
actually did pass an ordinance in France when
they had taken the private property of Ameri-
can citizens, paying the value of that property
| where it was food and clothing and the like.
Besides, in this treaty of 1800 there are pro-
i visions made for a large amount of American
claims. But for that treaty these claims would
have gone into the general wreck. There
were vessels then in the ports of France, and
others not eondemned ; there were provisions
and supplies to the amount of twenty million
francs then in the ports of France. By the
making of the treaty of 1800 these were all re-
leased, and those actually applied to the use
of France were paid for, and the treaty of
1803 made provision by which twenty million
francs was set aside to pay these identical
claims. We reserved from the purchase money
of Louisiana twenty milliou francs or $3,000,-
000 to pay these claims, and we paid them.
In the treaty of 1800 we secured our pnrate
citizens this important advantage.
Mr. CAMERON. Allow me to say to the
Senator that in the present bill we have
reserved from this appropriation all claims
which were paid by the truaty referred to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am quite aware of
that. It is not in that view that I allude to
it. I am merely showing that the treaty of
1800 was an advantageous treaty to us; that
while we could not get all we wanted we not
only relieved ourselves from the guarantees, but
we also stipulated for the payment practically
of twenty million francs to our Own citizens;
and more: not only did we get twenty million
francs in money, but all the vessels which
were then in the ports of France belonging to
American citizens were discharged, and the
amount of benefit to our commerce, to those
claimants, and to the class of men to whom
they belonged, was more than ten million
dollars in the value of their vessels and the
amount they subsequently recovered where the
property had been used by the French Gov-
ernment or by French citizens.
When the treaty of 1800 came before the
Senate of the United States, what was the view
of it? We cannot tell. The debates were in
secret. I am sorry they were. I believe if
the debates on that treaty were now known to
the world this claim would be forever barred.
What was the reason for striking out the sec-
ond article? Here the alleged assumption
comes in. It is admitted on all bands that by
the treaty as it stood there was no assumption,
no set off, no contract, no bargain, no part-
nership. The Senator from Massachusetts and
my friend from Pennsylvania admit that under
the treaty as it was framed there was no pre-
tense of an application of the private property
of our citizens to public use, because the sec-
ond article of the treaty reserved the old trea-
ties themselves and the whole mass of contro-
verted matter for the future at a convenient
time.
Mr. CAMERON. Allow me to say to the
Senator that I do not admit that.
Mr. SHERMAN. You admit that they
were postponed by the second article of the
treaty ?
Mr. CAMERON. I admit only this: that
France was in trouble; we were a weak nation,
almost an infant, and we were glad to make
peace on any terms, leaving our claimants to
rely on the justice and magnanimity of what
it was believed would be a great nation in the
future.
Mr. SHERMAN. My friend and I do not
differ that by the treaty as it was framed there
is no pretense that these claims were applied
to public use. I wish Senators on all sides to
understand that. If there was any set-off, or
contract, or barter, it was made in this Senate
Chamber, because by the treaty as it stood,
the second article expressly reserved all the
claims on both sides either for a breach of the
old treaties, or for a violation of the treaties,
or for seizures or captures or claims by the
citizens or subjects of either party. They
were reserved, so that under the treaty as it
stood there was no pretense of a foundation
for this claim.
Now, was it made in the Senate? Is it to
be presumed that the men who then composed
the Senate of the United States would, with-
out hearing these claims, without discussing
the matter, without knowing what they did,
make a contract in the nature of an assump-
sit? I have always thought that these com-
mercial words, these terms which only apply
to contracts made between citizens or con-
tracts made between States, ought not to be
applied to the action of a Government when
dealing according to the public exigencies.
Did the Senate, when it struck out the second
article, make a contract or a set-off? There
is scarcely any pretension of that kind. Where
is the evidence of it? None is produced.
What was the effect of striking out that
second article? It was this and no more:
the Senate had been informed in this official
communication that it was utterly idle to press
the claims for indemnity unless connected with
the idea of restoring the old treaties. They
knew that the second artide only postponed
to the future the controversy. It was not at
all likely that France would be more willing in
the future than in the past to pay these moneys.
They knew that this stipulation in favor of
indemnities was of no value to our citizens ;
it was no burden to ua. We had accomplished
our purpose already by the treaty, whether
the section was in or out. We had got rid of
the old treaties in hcec verba. The new
treaty superseded the old. If the second article
was in, it superseded them just as well as if
the second article was out.
What motive, then, could induce the Senate
of the United States to strike out the second
article? What motive had we to apply pri-
vate property to public use ? Why should
we then, when the private property of our citi-
zens was protected and referred to a future
negotiation, appropriate it for what we had
already got ? Did we strike out that article in
order to get a release from the French treaties?
We had already got it; it was in the treaty.
The new treaty superseded the old. What, was
the consideration for which we assumed these
claims ? I submit to you if we have got to
talk in commercial language, in the language
of lawyers or dealers, what consideration was
there that moved the United States to assume
an obligation unless it also got some benefit on
behalf of the nation? My friend from Penn-
sylvania says we got a release from the guar-
antee, but we had that already practically. The
