2168
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
held in Baltimore that had the subject of prison
reformation in charge. I understand the Sen-
ator from Vermont to concur in the object of
this amendment, but he thinks that it has
already been provided for. Of that I think
there is some doubt. While I do not mean to
question the accuracy of his opinion, I have
no knowledge on that point; but I am sure
these gentlemen would not have asked for it
if they had been cognizant that any provision
similar in its character to this had passed
Congress.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I dare say.
Mr. STEVENSON. But even if that were
true, I submit to the honorable Senator from
Vermont that with the multifarious labors
which now devolve on the Department of Jus-
tice, these statistics would be much more fully
and accurately obtained by gentlemen like Dr.
Wines and Mr. Seymour, and Mr. Blaine and
Mr. Brown, than by any Department of the
Federal Government.
All that we desire is to reform, as far as we
can, prison discipline, to repress crime; and
to do that we want the statistics not only of
this country but of foreign countries. Any
channel which will be successful in getting the
larger amount of these statistics is the one that
Congress ought to adopt; and as we are not
certain that any provision has taken place,
and we know that these gentlemen would give
their whole time and attention to that work,
and their high character would be the surest
guarantee of success in their undertaking, I
hope that this small appropriation will be
given to this important object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on concurring in the amendment made as in
Committee of the Whole.
The amendment was concurred in.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amend-
ments made as in Committee of the Whole
are now disposed of.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I see on page 36, in
the provision as to the Post Office appropria-
tion for stamps and stamped envelopes, &c.,
that it is provided—■
That the Postmaster Goneral shall cause to be
prepared a special stamp or stamped envelope, to
ho used only for official mail matter, for each of the
Executive Departments; and said stamps shall be
supplied by the proper officer of said Departments
to al! persons under its direction roquirmg the same
for official use.
The words descriptive of what is provided
• for in respect to stamped envelopes are omitted,
by accident 1 presume, where the direction of
distribution is inserted in line twenty-two,
and, therefore, in order to make that line con-
form to the previous direction in relation to
stamped envelopes as well as the special stamp,
I move to insert after the word stamps," in
line twenty-two, the words "and stamped en-
velopes," and in the same way in line twenty-
six, so as to make the distribution conform to
the character of the stamps and envelopes
that are to be prepared for distribution.
The VICE PRESIDENT. And in line
twenty-eight also.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Yes, sir, and in line
twenty-eight also.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. I offer the following
amendment:
For this amount, or so much thereof as may be
necessary, for the subsistence, civilization, and care
of the Arickarej, Grros Ventre, and Mandan Indians,
at Fort Berthold agency, Dakota, to make up defi-
ciency iu the appropriation for the fiscal year ending
J une 30, 1873, {.76,000.
I am very sure that if the Senate would
give attention to this amendment and could
be made to understand its necessity, there
would be no doubt about its adoption. I only
regret that I fear I have not the capacity to
command tie attention of the Senate and to
make that explanation which the character of
the case requires.
These Indiaus are peaceable Indians who
have never made war on the people of the
United States, They are surrounded by the
Sioux, and always united with our forces when
we made war on the Sioux Indians. They are
on the upper Missouri near Fort Berthold.
There is a tradition about them which is of
very deep interest to those who study thp his-
tory and character of the Indian tribes. About
one fourth of these particular Indians are in
fact white men. Their origin is unknown.
The most of them are sandy complexioned
and blue-eyed. They are believed to be a
remnant of a colony that at some remote
period emigrated from Europe up the Missouri
river and settled among the Indians. They
cultivate the soil and ordinarily raise enough
grain for their own support taken in connec-
tion with the game they are able to take.
They are entitled under a treaty to a very
small annuity, out of which the Government
supplies them with blankets and clothing.
Heretofore they have been able to supply
themselves with food. During the last year
their crops were eaten up by the grasshoppers.
They had a prospect of fine wheat and corn,
but it was destroyed in this way. The fact
coming to the knowledge of the Department
of the Interior, it directed that they should be
supplied with food, and in this way this defi-
ciency has occurred. To my mind there is no
doubt about the propriety and the humanity of
making the appropriation, and I hope it may
be done.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I ask the Senator from
Iowa whether the amendment he offers comes
from a committee and has been referred to
the Committee on Appropriations?
Mr. HARLAN, it is recommended by the
Department, and has been referred to the Com-
mittee on Appropriations in accordance with
the rule of the Senate.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I make the point of
order that it is not germane to the bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from South Carolina makes the point of order
on this amendment. The Chair will examine
it. Will the Senator from Iowa state to what
appropriation it directly relates?
Mr. HARLAN. I intended it to come in
under the head of " Interior Department."
The VICE PRESIDENT. Will the Sena-
tor from South Carolina repeat his point of
order ?
Mr. ROBERTSON. Oh, I withdraw it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Iowa.
The amendment was agreed to.
RIVKR AND HARBOR BILL.
Mr. CHANDLER. I ask unanimous con-
sent to make a report from a committee of
conference on the river and harbor bill, and
ask that it may be acted on now.
There being no objection, the report was
received and read, as follows :
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of tho two Ileuses to the amendments of the
Senate to the bill (JBL it. No. 3922) " making appro-
priations for the repair, preservation, and comple-
tion of certain public works on rivers and harbors,
and for other purposes," having mot, after full and
free conference, have agreed to recommend, and do
recommend, to their respective Houses as follows:
That the House recede from its disagreement to
the second, third, fifth, sixth, eighth, eleventh,
twelfth, thirteenth, iourteenth, sixteenth, seven-
teenth, eighteenth, nineteenth, twentieth, twenty-
first, twenty-second, twenty-third, twenty-fifth,
twenty-eighth, thirtieth, thirty-first, thirty-third,
thirty-fifth, thirty-sixth, thirty-seventh, thirty-
eighth, thirty-ninth, forty-first, lorty-second, forty-
third, forty-fourth, forty-fifth, forty-sixth, forty-
seventh, forty-eighth, forty-ninth, fifty-first, fifty-
second, fifty-fourth, fifty-filth, fifty-eighth, and fifty-
ninth amendments of tho Senate, and agree to the
same.
That the Senate recede from their amendments
numbered 1, 4, 7, 9,15, 24, 26, 27, 29, 32, 34, 40, 50, 56,
a^d 57, and the House agree to tho same.
That the House recede from its disagreement to
the tenth amendment of the Senate, and agree to
the same with an amendment, as follows : strike out
the word "twenty-five" and insert in lieu thereof
the word fifteen : and the Senate agree to the same.
That the House recede from its disagreement to
the fifty-third amendment ol' the Senate, and agree
to the same with an amendment, as follows : insert
in lieu of the matter proposed to be stricken out by
said Senate amendment the following words:
"X^or connecting tho in land waters along tho mar-
gin of the Gulf of Mexico, from Donaldsonville, in
Louisiana, to the Rio Grande river, in Texas, by
cuts and canals, not to exceed $20,000 of the amount
herein appropriated forsurvey of rivers and harbors;
at Great Pedee river, from Pine Blulf to Cheraw,
South Carolina;" and the Senate agree to the same.
Z. CHANDLER,
W. A. BUCKINGHAM,
GEORGE VICKERS,
Managers on the part of the iSenate.
PHILETUS SAWYER,
L. A. SHELDON,
JOHN LYNCH,
Managers on the part of the Ilouse.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think the Senate
thoroughly understands that report, and 1
presume we are ready to vote upon it. We
heard the numbers read. It is the report of a
conference committee on the river and harbor
bill, stating that of some fifty or sixty amend-
ments some have been agreed to and others
disagreed to ; and presuming that every mem-
ber of the Senate understands it, I suppose we
had better vote on it.
The report was concurred in.
DEFICIENCY BILL.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
bill (H. R. No. 4051) making appropriations
to supply deficiencies in the appropriations for
the service of the Government for the fiscal
year ending June 80, 1873, and for other pur-
poses.
Mr. STEVENSON. I offer an amendment
to come in on page 9, afterlineone hundred and
ninety-nine.
3?or the erection of a suitable building for the stor-
age of books and papers belonging to the Treasury
Department,, and for the accommodation of the
Bureau of Engraving and Printing, £500,000.
It became my duty, as one of the Commit-
tee on Appropriations, to go through the Treas-
ury Department, and if there is any public
want, I am sure the construction of a building
for the preservation of our records is earnestly
demanded.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I rise to a point of
order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Illinois makes a question of order.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is that this amend-
ment does not immediately relate to any ap-
propriation in the bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The language
of the rule requires an amendment to directly
relate to an appropriation in the bill.
Mr. STEVENSON. I think it does.
Mr. COLE. This is a matter of such crying
necessity that I hope the Senator from Illinois
will really not make the point of order, even if
the amendment were out of order.
Mr. STEVENSON. There are a dozen ap-
propriations in regard to the Treasury. H ere
on page 8 is one:
!For a new boiler, and to complete the steam-
heating apparatus of the Treasury Department,
$9,000.
Here are items for the completion of various
buildings, for designated depositaries, &e.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the construction of
a boiler or the purchase of a boiler for the
accommodation of the Treasury Department
justifies an amendment to erect a building
costing $500,000, and if this building relates
directly to the purchase of that boiler, I think
it is in order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator insist on the point of order?
Mr. TRUMBULL. No, sir, I will not in-
sist on it. I see there is a disposition to act
on the proposition.
Mr. TIPTON. I desire that question to be
settled, and I renew the point of order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The rule states
that "no amendment to any such bill making
legislative provisions other than such as di-
rectly relate to the appropriations contained
iu the bill shall be received." Although ther
are appropriations of a miscellaneous character
for the Treasury Department, there is no ap-
propriation to which this directly relates in
the opinion of the Chair ; and therefore, if the
rules means anything, the Chair must hold
