2170
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
but that was after the amendment had been
read. The Chair thinks a Senator has a right
to have an amendment which he offers reported.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The other day when
we had up the Louisiana question a Senator
objected *to the receipt of a resolution and
would not let it be read.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair can-
not state what the Senate decided the other
day ; and he cannot certainly rule on this
amendment until he hears it read.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Application was made
for unanimous consent, and if a Senator objects
that is the end of unanimous consent.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair thinks
if the Senator from Iowa puts it in that form a
Senator would have the right to object. If he
offers it as an amendment it must be reported.
Mr. HARLAN. I will offer this amendment,
then:
That the Secretary of the Interior, by and with the
advice and consent of the board of Indian commis-
sioners, is hereby authorized and required to pre-
scribe rules and regulations for tho government of
Indian traders, with power to organize a council of
administration from officers under the control of
said Department, to establish a scale of prices for
all articles sold or traded to Indians, and to prohibit
the sale oi any and all articles which, in his judg-
ment, may bo prejudicial to the welfare and civiliza-
tion of the Indians.
Mr. ROBERTSON. A short time ago my
friend from Iowa begged me not to object to
an appropriation for some Indians, and I con-
sented to withdraw my objection; but I must
object to this.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair sus-
tains the point of order. The proposed
amendment does not relate directly to an
appropriation in the bill.
Mr. HITCHCOCK. I move to amend the
bill on page 25, after line six hundred and six,
by inserting the following:
To enable tho Secretary of the Interior to pay
claims for Indian depredations, which have been
examined and allowed by him and reported to Con-
gress for payment in accordance with section seven,
act May 29,1872, entitled "An act making appropri-
ations for current and contingent expenses of the
Indian department," $150,000, or so much thereof as
may be necessary.
Mr. COLE. I think that amendment is not
in order.
Mr. HITCHCOCK. I wish the Senator
would hear me for one moment before making
the point of order.
Mr. COLE. I will do so.
Mr. HITCHCOCK. Prior to 1870 claims
of this kind were examined and allowed by
the Indian Bureau. By the fourth section of
the act o'f July 15, 1870, making appropria-
tions for the Indian service, this authority of
the Indian Bureau was repealed. By the
seventh section of the act of May 22, 1872,
the Secretary of the Interior was authorized
and instructed to examine and allow these
claims and submit them to Congress at each
session thereafter for payment. This he has
done. Nearly all the claims comprised in this
$150,000 are small in amount. They are the
claims of poor men scattered far out on the
borders. I believe if there ever was justice
in any amendment to any appropriation bill,
there is justice in this; and I hope no Senator
will object to the adoption of the amendment.
Mr. COLE. I raise the point of order on
the amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from California makes tho point of order that
this amendment does not relate directly to an
appropriation contained in the bill, and it does
not so far as the Chair has examined the bill.
Mr. HARLAN. I appeal to the honorable
Senator from South Carolina [Mr. Robertson]
to withdraw his objection to the amendment I
offered a moment since.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I withdraw it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The objection
being withdrawn, the Senator from Iowa
renews the amendment.
Air. SHERMAN. I should like to hear it
read first before allowing it to be received.
Mr. EDMUNDS. _ While that matter is
being settled, I desire to present a report
from a committee of conference.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
receive it.
geneva awakd.
Mr. EDMUNDS submitted the following
report:
The conference committee on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses on the bill (S. No. 1203) for the
creation of a court for the adjudication and disposi-
tion of certain moneys received into the Treasury
under the award made by the tribunal of arbitration
held by virtue of the first article of the treaty of
Washington, &o., respectfully report that after full
and free conference ihey have agreed to reeommend
to their respective Houses as follows:
That the Senate  -ecedo from its disagreement to
tho amendment proposed by the House to said bill,
and agree to the same with an amendment, namely:
Strike out all after the word "that," in Kne one
of the said amendment, and insert the following:
"immediately upon tho paymont of the sum of
money awarded to the United States by the tribunal
of arbitration at Geneva to be paid by the Govern-
ment of Great Britain, the same shall bo paid into
the Treasury of theUnited States to redeem, so far as
it may, the public debt of theUnited States, and an
amount eaual to the debt so redeemed shall bo in-
vested in five per cent, registry bonds of theUni-
ted States, to be held'subject to the future disposi-
tion of Congress."
And that the House of Representatives agree to
the same.
GEORGE F. EDMUNDS,
MATTHEW H. CARPENTER,
ALLEN G. THURMAN,
Managers on the part vf the Senate,
BENJAMIN F. BUTLER,
CLARKSON N. POTTER,
Managers on the part of the Mouse.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I will only take one
moment to explain this report. After a very
full and patient conference, 1 regret to say that
the Representatives of the Senate were unable
to agre'e with the Representatives of the House
on the scheme of this bill. The Representa-
tives of the two Houses all agreed that the class
of claims known as the actual damages for the
losses ofvesselsandlossesof officersand crews,
and freights, ought to be paid; but when we
went beyond that, there was a disagreement as
to the provision in the House amendment to
the Senate bill as to what are called war pre-
miums. The conferees on the part of the
House of Representatives insisted that they
would not do anything even for those people
who both sides agreed ought to have something
done for them, unless we should go beyond
what we could see our way clear to go and what
we understood to be the views of the Senate
upon it, and agree to something else. We are
therefore reluctantly compelled to defer this
measure of relief to those citizens of the Uni-
ted States who both Houses agree have a just
claim upon the consideration of Congress until
another year; but meantime we put the money
into the Treasury and put it at interest, so that
at last I hope justice may be done to those citi-
zens who both Houses agree ought to have it.
Mr. TRDMBULL. What is the report?
Mr. EDMUNDS. The whole report is that
this money when received shall be used, so
far as it will go, to redeem so much of the pub-
lic debt of the United States, and then, so as
not to increase the public debt and so as to
keep the money in hand in securities, that
that amount ofpublic debt being thus redeem-
ed so far, shall be invested in the five per cent
registered bonds of the United States, to be
held subject to the future disposition of Con-
Mr. CONKLING. Then, in short, you dis-
agree and cover the money into the Treasury ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is the short and
the whole of it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then,!understand this
to be a provision to pay nobody; that the suf-
ferers are not to get anything?
Mr. EDMUNDS. No, sir, that is not the
provision. We report that we are unable to
make any provision for the sufferers at this
session of Congress because, as I have stated,
the House of Representatives refuse to make
provision for that class of sufferers that both
Houses agree ought to be provided for unless
the Senate go a step further and make provis-
ion for another class of alleged sufferers that
the Senate think ought not to be provided for.
Being unable to agree for reasons that the
Senator can readily sec, we have had to post-
pone action until next year, and in the mean-
time we propose to put the money into the
Treasury and secure it in the five per cent, bonds
of the United States, in order that it may
accumulate and be disposed of next year.
Mr. TRDMBULL. I have only to say that
it may be very fortunate for the United States
to take this money into its own Treasury, but
it is very unfortunate for those who lost their
vessels and property upon the high seas and
are entitled to pay that they cannot get it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I will only add, in miti-
gation of that, that it ought to be stated that
this money is not due until the 12th of Sep-
tember, which is only three months before we
shall be able to act on the subject again.
Mr. COLE. It is getting very late, and the
House is very impatient for the appropria-
tion hill that is now pending here. I hope we
may dispose of it without any further delay.
Mr. CONKLING. I hope so, too, and for
one I feel rather relieved at listening to the
report of the conference. I shall vote for it
with great pleasure.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
upon agreeing to the report of the conference
committee.
The report was concurred in.
THE DEFICIENCY BILL.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
bill (H. R. No. 4051) making appropriations
to supply deficiencies in the appropriations for
the service of the Government, for the fiscal
year ending June 30, 1873, and for other pur-
poses.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Iowa [Mr. Harlan] offers an amend-
ment by unanimous consent, and the Senator
from Ohio [Mr. Sherman] asks that it shall be
again reported.
Mr. SHERMAN. I did not consent that it
should be offered.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair un-
derstood the Senator simply as asking that it
should be read.
Mr. SHERMAN. I must insist on the
objection. If a proposition, which we are
informed by officers of the Government is of
the utmost importance and which has been
reported by three committees of this body,
cannot get on this appropriation bill, then
these flying amendments ought not to be
placed upon it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amend-
ment is not in order, objection being made.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I understand
the Senator from South Carolina [Mr. Rob-
ertson] no longer objects to this amendment,,
and I offer it again :
For the erection of a suitable building for tho
storage of books and papers belonging to the Treas-
ury Department, and for the accommodation of the
Bureau of Engraving and Printing, iLiOO.OOO.
Mr. CONKLING. Is not that the very
amendment on which we have ruled?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is. The Sen-
ator from South Carolina has withdrawn the
point of order and the objection, and the Sen-
ator from Vermont renews the amendment. It
is subject to objection.
Mi-. CONKLING. I hope we shall not
spend any more time on that proposition. I
shall certainly object to it unless it is guarded.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from New York objects and the Chair decides
that it does not directly relate to an appropria-
tion in the bill in the opinion of the Senate,
the Senate having so voted.
The amendments were ordered to be en-
grossed, and the bill to be read a third time.
The bill was read the third time, and passed.
