2172
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Marcli 3,
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. It is Senate bill
No. 1228, relating to the payment of bounty
to the fifth regiment Connecticut volunteers.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Connecticut appeals to the Senator from
Maine to allow the conference report to be
informally passed over with a view to consider
the bill in regard to certain Connecticut vol-
unteers.
Mr. HILL. I object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Georgia objects.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. Then I ask a vote
on the motion that this report and all prior'
orders be set aside for the purpose of consid-
ering that bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The conference
report being before the Senate, the Senator
from Connecticut moves to postpone it for the
purpose of considering the bill indicated by
him.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. Let it be
read for information.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair thinks
that would be scarcely in order at this time.
The motion now is to postpone the report for
the purpose of considering a bill in regard to
bounties of Connecticut volunteers.
The question being put, it was declared that
the noes appeared to prevail.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I ask for the yeas
and nays on that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BUCKINGAM. I wish to say a word
on this question. What is the position of the
Government in relation to these volonteers ?
On the 3d of May, 1861, when this Govern-
ment was in perii, the President of the United
States issued a proclamation calling for vol-
unteers. On the very next day the,War
Department issued an order offering a bounty
of $100 for every man who would enlist under
that proclamation. The Governor of Con-
necticut included that very promise oil the
part of the Government in the order which he
issued under which men volunteered for the
service of the couutry. The question was,
shall the Government receive men ; shall they
receive service? And for that service they
offered a premium, a reward. What was the
consequences? Eleveu hundred and two men
in one regiment moved from Connecticut
under that call. They came to this city. A
part of them laid down their lives on every
battle-ground in the Wilderness j* a part went
to Chattanooga, and came with Sherman
through Georgia; and when the grand review
took place in this city, that regiment of eleven
hundred men was rcduced to less than two
hundred.
Mr. HILL. I rise to a point of order.
^ The VICE _ PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Connecticut, will suspend his remarks.
The Senator from Georgia rises to a question
of order, which he will state.
Mr. HILL. The point of order is this: I
do not understand that there is any bill before
the Senate, and it is not in order to discuss a
measure which is not before the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. By the eleventh
rule, debate on the merits of a bill proposed
to be considered is prohibited. The Chair
disliked to interpose against the Senator from
Connecticut, who feels so much interested in
this bill.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. All right, ,sir.
Mr. ANTHONY. I hope the Senator from
Connecticut wiil lie gratified in this matter.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I do not ask it on
my own account.
Mr. ANTHONY, j ask it on his account,
because he, the Governor of Connecticut, one
ot the patriotic war Governors of the State,
promised these men in the name of the Gov-
ernment of the United States that they should
have this money.
The "VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Georgia has made the point of order
against debating the merits.
Mr. ANTHONY. I am not debating the
merits. I am merely stating why we ought to
take up the bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT.^ The Chair thinks
that is very close to the merits.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I hope the Senator
will make no plea on my account.
Mr. HILL. I will say to the Senator from
Connecticut that it will afford me much pleas-
ure to accede to his wishes when we shall have
acted upon the report of the committee of
conference.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. Is the Senator in
order ?-
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Georgia is not discussing the merits of
the bill.
Mr. ANTHONY. I did not discuss the
merits of the bill either. I discussed the
merits of the Senator from Connecticut. I
am sure that a Senator whom we all respect so
much, and who has asked so little, ought to
have the only thing 
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. _ I call the Senator
to order. 1 believe that is not in order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair sus-
tains the point of order. The Senator from
Rhode Island spoke about the Governor of
Connecticut having promised this pay; and
that is debate on the merits of the bill. The
yeas and nays have been ordered on the mo-
tion to postpone all prior orders and take up
the bill.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—-yeas 31, nays 26 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Boreman, Buckingham,
Caldwell, Cameron, Chandler, Clayton, Conklins?,
Corbett, Cragin, Edmunds, Flaniyjan, Frelinghuy-
sen, Hamilton of Texas, Harlan, Logan, Morrill of
Vermont, Morton, e, Osborn, Pratt, Sawder,
Schurz, Sherman. Sprague, Stevenson, Stewart,
Trumbull, West, Windom, and AYright—31.
NAYS —Messrs. Aieorn, Bayard, Blair, Brown-
low, Carpenter, Casserly, Cole, Cooper, Davis, Gil-
bert, Goldthwaite, Hamilton of Maryland, Hill,
Kelly, Lewis, Maehen, Norwood, Pool, Ransom,
Itice, Kobertson, Saulsbury, Seott, Spencer, Tipton,
and Vickers—26.
ABSENT—Messrs. Ames, Fen ton, Ferry of Con-
necticut, Ferry of Michigan, Hamlin, Hitchcock,
Howe, Johnston, Morriil of Maine, Patterson, Pom-
eroy, Ramsey, Stockton, Sumner, Thurman, and
Wilson—16.
So the motion was agreed to.
connecticut volunteers.
The Senate as in Committee of the Whole
resumed the consideration of the bill (S. No.
122S) relating to the payment of bounties to
the fifth regiment Connecticut volunteers.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I desire to propose
a single amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, [Mr. Ed-
mukds in the chair.] The bill will be first
reported.
Mr, TRUMBULL. It .has been once read,
and unless somebody desires to hear it again
it need not be reread.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. I desire
to hear it read.
The Chief Clerk read the bill.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I move to amend
the bill m line 9 by striking out the word "thir-
tieth," so that it will read, "Adjutant Gene-
ral's office, June, 1861."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended; and the amendments were con-
curred in. The bill was ordered to be en-
grossed for a third reading, read the third time,
and passed.
message from tiie house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPnEnsox, its Clerk, announced
that the House had concurred in the report of
the committee of conference on the disagree-
ing votes of the two Houses on the bill (II. R.
No. 2909) for the reliefof Joseph L. Heywood.
The message also announced that the'House
had concurred in the report of the committee
of conference on the disagreeing votes of the
two Houses on the bill (S. No. 1108) for the
relief of George Ii. Wilson.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the bill (S. No. 1025) to quiet the
title to the lands of the settlers on lands be-
longing to the West Wisconsin Railway Com-
pany, with amendments, in which it requested
the concurrence of the Senate1.
The message further announced that the
House had passed the following bills, in which
it requested the concurrence of the Senate :
A bill (H. R. No. 40C9) to correct an error
in section thirteen of the act of June 6, 1872,
entitled *' An act to reduce duties on imports,
and to reduce internal taxes, and for other
purposes," and to amend certain sections of
other acts relating to internal revenue ; and
A bill (H. R. No. 3743) granting the right
of way to the Atchison, Topeka, and Santa
F6 Railroad Company.
The message also announced that the House
had concurred in the amendment of the Sen-
ate to the resolution of the House to print the
report of the United States commissioner to
the international penitentiary congress of
London.
The message further announced that the
House had passed a concurrent resolution to
print the report and testimony of the select
Committee on the Union Pacific Railroad
Company and Credit Mobilier.
The message also announced that the House
had passed a resolution for the printing of the
annual report of the Commissioner of Agri-
culture.
The message further announced that the
House had agreed to the resolution of the
Senate for the printing of the annual report
of the Superintendent of the Coast Survey.
The message also announced that the House
had concurred in the resolution of the Senate
to print twenty thousand copies of the report
of the Commissioner of Education, including
the accompanying illustrations of the relations
of intelligence to wealth.
enrolled bills signed.
The message also announced that the
Speaker of the House had signed the following
enrolled bills ; and they were thereupon signed
by the Vice President:
A bill (S. No. 245) amendatory of an act
for the construction of a bridge across the
Arkansas river at Little Rock, Arkansas;
A bill (S. No. 522) to provide for the sale
of the lands of the United States containing
coal;
A bill (H. R. No. 3850) making appropri-
ations for the support of the Army for the year
ending June 30, 1874; and
A bill (H. R. No. 31)21) making appropri-
ations for sundry civil expenses of the Govern-
ment for the fiscal year ending June 30, 1874,
and for other purposes.
amendatory tariff act.
Mr. WRIGHT. I understand that the con-
ference report on the legislative appropriation
bill is now before the Senate.
The PRESIEING OFFICER [Mr. Ei>-
MUNps.] It is not. It has been postponed by
the vote of the Senate.
Mr. WRIGHT. I move then to proceed to
its consideration.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 ask my friend, if there
be no objection, to allow me to presenta small
conference report which will give rise to no
debate, and it is highly important to act upon
it in order to expedite business,
Mr. WRIGHT. I have no objection to
that.
Mr. SHERMAN. I submit the following
report from a committee of conference:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on ttie bill <11.11. Jio.4057)to
amend an act entitled "An act to reduce duties on
imports, and to reduce internal taxes, and for other
purposes," approved June 6,1872, and for other pur-
poses, having met, after a full and free conference,
have agree.l to rceommond, and do recommend, to
their respective Houses, as follows:
That the House reccde irorn their disagreement
to th e lirst a,tid second amendments of the Senate,
and agree to tho same.
