248
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 17,
mind to the conclusion that the Government
of the United States is liable for one dollar
that is sought to be appropriated by this bill.
I shall take very little time in stating the
ground of my objection to the bill, the reasons
why I think the Government is not liable.
What I shall say will rather be a synopsis of
an argument than an argument in full; and,
indeed, after the able and elaborate speech
to which the Senate has just listened from
mv colleague, very little more ought to be
done, until something has been urg«d from
those who advocate the bill, than simply to
sum up as it were the grounds of the argu-
ment against this measure.
I commence by assuming as indisputable
that the obligation which rests upon auy Gov-
ernment to prosecute the claims of its citizens
or subjects for injuries done by a foreign Gov-
ernment never extends to the making of war,
nor to obtaining indemnity. Whether the Gov-
ernment shall make war is a question for it
alone. The citizen or subject who has been
injured has no claim whatever upon his Gov-
ernment that it shall make war to enforce his
claim. War is always a public question that
concerns Government alone, and never can be
a private right. The consequence, therefore,
is that the duty of a Government in prosecuting
the claims of its citizens or subjects is limited
to their presentation to the foreign Govern-
ment, to urging by diplomatic representations
or otherwise their allowance and liquidation,
and if necessary to proceed to coercive meas-
ures, as, for instance, to retaliatory measures,
or to the issuing of letters of marque and
reprisal; and so far, and thus far alone, can
tiny private citizen or subject require that his
Government shall go.
Indeed, Mr. President, this is more than the
citizen has a right to require. He has no right,
for instance, to require that the Government
shall change its general policy that concerns
the whole people by the adoption of retali-
atory measures which may affect every man in
the whole country, and therefore do more
injury to innocent persons than redress would
be obtained by the retaliatory enactment. So,
too, the citizen has no right to require that
letters of marque and reprisal shall be issued.
All that he has a right to require is that his
Government shall present his claim to the for-
eign Power and urge with all the force of ar-
gument, and the evidence that may be pre-
sented, the allowance and liquidation of that
•■laim. All beyond that is a public question
for the Government itself to decide.
Therefore, we are first brought to the ques-
tion, has there been any dereliction on the
part of the Government of the United States
to do for these claimants all that any Govern-
ment is bound to do for its citizens or its sub-
jects? No one will pretend that. The Gov-
ernment of the United Slates did present these
claims. It presented to the French Govern-
ment the evidence upon which they rested. It
supported them by all the arguments that able
men, both in the Department of State and
occupying the position of embassadors or
ministers to France, could urge upon that
Government. All that argument, all that
negotiation could do, all that could be done
peaceably, was done, strenuously, urgently
done by the Government of the United States
to obtain the allowance of and payment of these
claims. Therefore there has been no default
on the part of the Government.
But the Government went further than that,
went further than any one of these claimants
had any right to demand, for it issued letters
of marque and reprisal, aud there followed
what is known in our history as the French
naval war; so that our Government went be-
yond what any Government is bound to do ill
the prosecution of the claim of its citizens.
Upon what ground, then, does this claim to
relief rest? It rests upon one single ground,
and that is that the Government of the United
States relinquished the prosecution of these
claims for a consideration beneficial to the Re-
public. If that is true, if the Government of
the United State? did obtain anything valuable
as a condition for relinquishing these claims,
if, in other words, with these claims it has
purchased something which was valuable to it,
then, injustice, it is bound to pay. No one
can deny that.
That brings us to the question, did the
Government of the United States, by itsstipu-
lation in the treaty of 1800, agreeing not to
further prosecute these claims, obtain some
valuable consideration which in equity and
justice requires it now to pay these claims ?
In the light of the history of the country I
must answer that qnestion in the negative.
What consideration is it that it is said the
Government of the United States received?
Why, sir, first it is said that it received an
absolution from the obligation imposed by the
revolutionary treaty of amity and commerce
with France, and that it received also, fur-
ther, a relinquishment of all claims made by
the French Government against the Govern-
ment of the United States for alleged viola-
tions of that treaty by the Government of the
United States; that, in other words, it received
an acquittance in full from France of all her
claims to damages for violations of that treaty
by the United States, and it received a can-
cellation of the treaty, so that in the future no
further question of that kind could ariee.
Now. sir, what is the truth about the matter ?
Had France any claims upon the United
j States, valid and just, from which the United
States obtained a discharge by the treaty of
I 1800, or by the relinquishment of these claims
called the French spoliation claims ? That is
the first question : had France any such valid
claims against the United States? And the
second question is, in 1800 was the treaty of
amity and commerce of the Revolution yet in
force, and requiring the assent of France in
order to its abrogation? Both these questions
must be answered in the negative, or we must
say that the administrations of Washington
and of John Adams were most grossly and
flagrantly unjtttt,- and in the plainest and most
■flagrant mbnner violated th§ treaty made with
France.
Out of what did those claims of France
grow? They grew out of the guarantee clause
in the treaty of amity and commerce of the
Revolution, and out of the further clause in,
that treaty of mutual alliance in peace and in
war. What was the true interpretation to be
placed on that treaty? When the war of
the French revolution broke out, and France
became involved in war with nearly every great
Power of Europe, and notably with England,
France claimed a fulfillment of this treaty, and
insisted that the Government of the United
States could not consistently with the treaty
maintain the position of a neutral, but was
bound to take arms on the side of France. That
very question, as stated by my colleague truly
to-day, was submitted by President Washington
to his Cabinet for their opinion, whether by
the terms of that treaty the Government of the
United States was bound to take arms on the
side of France in the struggle in which she
was then engaged. It was a question of the
utmost delicacy; it was a question in which
the utmost interest was felt. There was on
the one side almost every inducement that an
Administration could have to solve that ques-
tion on the side of France. The people of
this country were then men who had been
through the war of the Revolution, in whose
breasts the liveliest sentiments of gratitude
toward France existed and were felt. France
was then struggling for a republican form of
government, which commended itself to the
feelings and the interests of every person in
America. She was then fighting against the
most powerful combination against which any
nation in the world ever perhaps struggled at the
same time. Every sentiment, therefore, of
gratitude, of love for free government, and of
admiration of a nation struggling with unpar-
alleled heroism against superior odds, insti-
gated the people of America to take the side
of France. I venture to say now that no
other man ever did live filling the presiden-
tial chair but George Washington, with his
mighty name and his powerful influence over
his countrymen, who could have stayed that
feeling in favor of France. Bat with that
caution and wisdom and sense of justice which
marked his character, he submitted the ques-
tion to his Cabinet, and the Cabinet unani-
mously, as my colleague says, (and I think he
is right in that, though I have not looked at
that record for a long time,) reported that
the Government of the United 8tates was not
bound by that treaty, upon a fair interpreta-
tion of it, to take up armB on the side of
France. I have vividly in my mind, although
it is a long time since I looked at it, the
masterly opinion of Mr. Hamilton on that
subject. Suffice it to say, that was the opin-
ion of the Cabinet; and against popular sen-
timent, with every feeling of his own heart
on the side of France, General Washington
adopted that opinion of his Cabinet and issued
his celebrated proclamation of neutrality.
Then, Mr. President, the question was de-
cided so far as this Government was con-
cerned, upon which France afterward claimed
her damages. The French insisted that we
were bound to take up arms on their side, or
what would have been precisely the same
thing, to guaranty her West India possessions,
which would have necessitated the taking of
arms, and said she was entitled to damages
because we did not fulfill that treaty stipula-
tion. Our own Government decided that we
were not bound to do any such thing, and that
therefore France had no valid claim for dam-
ages, and that decision was made before this
century commenced.
What next? After the administration of
General Washington, the elder AdamB came
into power. What did Congress do then?
The war of the French revolution still con-
tinued. These claims were yet made by France
upon the Government of the United States,
not simply in respect to damages for the past,
but requiring us to act on her side in the future.
What then did Congress do? Congress, by a
Solemn act of legislation, declared that treaty
between us «ind France to be abrogated and
forever at an end; and now mark, this repeal,
as it has been Commonly called, of that treaty
by act of Congress, approved by the President,
John Adams, took place before a single one
of the injuries for which these claims are now
presented was inflicted. Every one of the
spoliations for which claims are now presented
on Congress took place after that repeal of
the French treaty.
But what is said no# in support of these
claims? That we had no right to repeal that
treaty. Well, sir, I deny the proposition as
matter of law ; but let us see how it stands as
matter of fact. That treaty was repealed upon
the express ground (and you have only to turn
to the act repealing it to see that it is so) that
France herself had violated the treaty and
thereby entitled us to abrogate it on our part.
In the first place, what is international law?
Two nations make a treaty ; it may profess to
be for eternity ; and yet it is inherent in the
nature of such an obligation that either party
may put an end to it at pleasure, subject, of
course, to pay the other party such damages
as the other party shall have sustained by its
unjust abrogation. There Can be no such a
thing as an indissoluble treaty any more than
there can be an indissoluble partnership be-
tween individuals. The exigencies of nations
forbid, the ever-changing relations of nations,
the dangers to which they may be subjected,
forbid that in the nature of things there should
be any such thing as an indissoluble treaty.
Every treaty, therefore, is liable to be put an
end to by either one of the parties, subject, as
I said, of course, to the just reclamation of
