250
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December .17,
That is nil there is left. The first two propo-
sitions being conceded, it seems to me that
there is not much to argue about the third,
What did the Government do? Happily there
is no misunderstanding as to what they did.
They had a convention with France on the
30th ot' September, 1800. What was the
subject of th.it convention ? Some other
things, but particularly these two claims, these
counter claims, were the precise suhject-mat-
ter of consideration, we claiming ot' France
that she should pay our citizens, France
claiming that she had larger claims from the
considerations 1 have mentioned. In that
convention was inserted the second article;
and the second article, as the parties could
not  gree, was a provision tor the postpone-
ment to a more couveuieot season of the fur-
ther consideration of these counter-claims.
That came to the Seuate of the United States,
and the Senate struck it out.
It has been said that that fact gave us no
claim, and the honorable Senator Irorn Ohio
who first argued upon th'S question seemed to
base the whole stress of his argument upon
the ground that that single fact did not impli-
cate the Government of the United Stales. 1
do not presume that anybody ever supposed
that standing by itself it did. That was simply
saying "• We do not care to do that much ; we
do not care to agree in this treaty for the post-
ponement of this subject to another day.'' That
is ail it was not an abandonment of the
claims. They might have been prosecuted the
next day. The Government was open to pur-
sue tbe.se claims precisely as it chose at any
other time; and therefore the Government!
aid nothing to impair the obligation of these
claims. But that is not the question at all.
That is not where the stress falls. That is not
the md of the treaty. The treaty went back
to F'rance, was there amended, and I will show
you how in order to see the effect of it.
Now arose the very question in the mind of 1
the emperor which, through all this investiga- j
tion and through all the diplomacy between
the two Governments, had been kept fore-
most. What was that? We have mutual
claims, and these claims must be offset one
against, the other. What did Napoleon do?
He looks at that treaty and he ratifies it with
th is pro vision: " Provided that by this retrench-
ment''—that, is, this striking out of the second
article—"the two States" do what? "Re-
nounce the respective pretensions which are 1
the object of the said article." 1
Thereiswherethepointcom.es. Now, what !
is the condition of affairs? The claims which
this Government had been prosecuting, even
to the verge of war, as valid claims—claims
which the French had agreed were valid,
claims which our authorities had said were
valid—the Government now agreed to re-
nounce. Why? In consideration of getting
rid of the claims which France had urged
against us. Does it make any odds whether
they were valid claims or not? They were
urged as binding claims and valid claims upon
this Government, and they were embarrassing
to this young Government, immensely embar-
rassing. *We had been on the very verge of
war to undertake to settle them, according to
the Senator from Ohio, for many years; and
here now was an opportunity for the Govern-
ment to close in with her old friend and ally
and settle this question forever. How? By
just renouncing these claims of the citizens
and taking them upon itself
I am relieved from any argument on this J
point of the case, because my friend from jj
Ohio farthest from me [Mr. Thubman] says |
that if we did abandon, we must pay; and is :j
that not clear? ||
Mr. THURMAN. I said if we got a con-
sideration for abandoning them.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Well, if we
abandoned them without a consideration who
was to judge of that? Does my honorable
friend mean to say that if the Government of
a great country recklessly abandons the rights
of a citizen it does not thereby incur a responsi-
bility to that citizen, a tenfold responsibility?
! Mr. THURMAN. The Senator will allow
me to interrupt him. Why does he put such
a question as that to me, "If the Government
recklessly abandoned?" Why does he talk
about " reckless abandonment" after we had
prosecuted these claims up to the very verge
of war?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Well, I will say
an indifferent abandonment. If the Govern-
ment, indifferent or careless of the interests
of its citizens 
Mr. THURMAN. That was not the case
either. They were hopeless.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Hopeless! A
great country like this, with a great future
before it, we are to be told that in a spirit of
despair we abandoned these claims! What
was pressing upon us then? France was
making no war upon uS. France was threat-
ening to make no war upon us. France was
simply saying, •' We will not pay these claims
unless you consider the offset," and we did it
without any menace and without any intimida-
tion. Therefore, sir, it makes no difference at
all whether there was a consideration above
the fact that France was demanding; and to
America under these circumstances it was not
only the price of peace, but it was more, it
was the price of honor, under the circum-
stances in which we were placed. Nobody
can disguise the fact; all history does aryl
will proclaim it, that in our weakness we were
put in a most embarrassing condition in our
relations to France. We were forced to do
things in regard to the proclamation of neu-
trality and in regard to the attempted repeal
of the treaty of alliance with France which
never were vindicated that I know of, and
never will be. The best apology we can make
is that in our extremity we were obliged to do
what we did.
My honorable friend from Ohio nearest to
roe [Mr. Sherman,] says, "Shall we do this
thing and thereby arraign the memories of the
early patriots and statesmen who had this
question underconsideration in the early times
and who ignored it altogether?" I say no, but
we should recognize this claim and pay it in the
spirit of the men who knew all about this.
Let us look at it a little. Let us see what
those who knew about it and were participat-
ing in it, who were a very considerable portion
of all that was done, both in the correspond-
ence that antedated the treaty and in all that
followed it, said. Some eminent men appear
in this history. Here is the Secretary of
State, Mr. Pickering ; what does he say upon
this claim ? His language is quoted in the re-
port of Senator Clayton. After reciting the
tacts, he says:
"Thus the Government bartorcd the just claim of
our merchants on France to obtain a relinquishment
of the French claim for a restoration ol' the old
treaties.especially the burdensome treaty ofalliance,
by which we wore bound to guaranty the French
territories in America. On this view of the case, it
would seem that the merchants have an equitable
claim for indemnity from the United States."
Remember that that was very early in our
history. Then again, Chief Justice Marshall
says:
"Having been connected with the events of the
period, and conversant with the circumstances under
which the claims arose, he was, from his own knowl-
edge, satisfied that there was the strongest obliga-
tion on the (government to compensate the sufferers
by the French spoliations."
My honorable friend in his criticism seems
to overlook this language. Here is Mr. Pick-
ering, Secretary of State; and here is Chief
Justice Marshall speaking out of the abund-
ance of his own information, telling you that
he was part and parcel of it and speaking out
of his own knowledge, testifying that these
claims are just, and that the Government of
the United States ought to pay them.
But that is not all. Watkins Leigh, of Vir-
ginia, testifies that the same eminent authority
said in his presence, " distinctly and positively,
that the United States ought to make pay-
ment of these claims." Mr. Madison, when
Secretary of State, in his instructions to Mr.
Charles Pinckney, our minister at the court
of Spain, under date of February 6, 1804, says :
" Tho claims from which Franco was roloased
wore admitted by Franoe, and tho release was for a
valuable consideration in a correspondent roleaso of
the United States from certain claims on thorn."
Now, 1 will read you at a more recent date
from a report made by Henry Clay :
" The pretensions of the United States arose oul.
of tho spoliations under color of Fronch authority
in contravention to law and existing treaties. Those
of France sprang from tho treaty of alliance of the
6th of February. 1778, the treaty of amity and com-
merce of the same date, anil the convention of the
liith of November, 1788. Whatever obligations or
indemnities from those sources either party hail a
right to demand were respectively waived and aban-
doned"—
And what further?
"and the consideration which induced one party to
renounce his pretensions was that of the renuncia-
tion by the other party of his pretensions."
Is not there a case, now, on the testimony
of Mr. Clay, taking the concessions made by
the Senators from Ohio that the first two
propositions are sound; showing these claims
to bo valid ? France made claims on us. Here
are three witnesses testifing to the same fact,
two of whom were part and parcel of the trans-
action, who lived in its day and were connected
with it. And so I might go on if it were need-
ful. Here is one other authority eminent in
our history—jurist, philanthropist, scholar—-
Edward Livingston. His language is equally
clear, distinct, and emphatic; and what does
he say ?
"The committee think it sufficiently shoivn'that
tho claim for indemnities was surrendered as an
equivalent for tho discharge of the United States
from its heavy national obligations, and for the
damages that were due for their preceding non-per-
formanee of them. If so, can there be a doubt, inde-
pendent of the constitutional provision, that the
sufferers are entitled to indemnity? Under that
provision, is not this right converted into one that
we are under the most solemn obligations to satisfy?
To lessen the public expenditure is a great legis-
lative duty; to lessen it at the expense of justice, pub-
lio fait'h, and constitutional right, would bo a crime.
Conceiving that all these require that relief should
be granted to the petitioners, they beg leave to bring
in a bill for that purpose."
That is pretty strong language for Edward
Livingston, and I submit that it' it is true it is
; conclusive on this question. Does anybody
I desire to go back on these solemn concessions
i and statements on the part of the most eminent
| of the land who were intimately associated
with the transaction ?
'L'liere is no end to what might be said, Mr.
President, but there is an end to my voice and
my disposition to speak any more.
MESSAGE PROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives. by Mr. McPhehson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had concurred in the report of
the committee of conference on the disagree-
ing votes of the two Houses on the bill (H.
R. No. 3124) to provide for the removal of the
sunken wreck which now obstructs the cliati-
nel-way off Sandy Hook.
1 The message also announced that the House
had passed a bill (H. R. No. 3253) to provide
: for the appointment of a commission to com-
'j plete the boundary line between the territory
i of the United States and the possessions of
| Great Britain, not, completed under the act
of August 11, 185G, to carry into effect the
1 first article of the treaty of 15th June, 184tj; in
which it requested the concurrence of the
Senate.
NAVAL VESSELS.
Mr. CRAGIN. Mr. President, yesterday I
gave notice that I should endeavor to-day to
call up House bill No. 3010, to authorize the
construction of additional steam vessels of
war, expressing the opinion that it was quite
important that that bill should be considered
and passed, if possible, before the holidays.
I still feel that way ; and to test the sense of
