1214
THE C0NGKESS10NAL GLOBE.
February 10,
year, mostly of manufactures of ores and lum-
ber. They therefore pray that Congress may
take the necessary steps to establish a harbor
of refuge at Cleveland. I move the reference
of this memorial to the Committee on Com-
merce.
The motion was agreed to.
message from the hodse.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the following bills;
in which the concurrence of the Senate was
requested:
A bill (H. R. No. 3737) making appropria-
tion, for the support of the Military Academy
for the fiscal year ending June 30. 1874 ;
A bill (H. R. No. G90) to amend the several
acts in relation to the northern judicial district
of the State of Mississippi, and to provide for
the times and places of holding the district
courts of the United States therein in future;
A bill (H. R. No. 3847) to restore Captain
Lewis C. Sartori, George H. Preble, George
H. Cooper, and Commander R. P. R. Lewis,
of the united States Navy, to their original
positions on the Navy Register;
A bill (H. R. No. 3862) for the relief of
the heirs and next of kin of Colonel William
Northege, deceased;
A bill (H. R. No. 3863) for the relief of
John Ahem;
A bill (H. R: No. 2824) for the relief of
Henry H. Stafford, late receiver of public
moneys, at Marquette, Michigan ;
A bill (H. R. No. 3854) for the relief of
Benjamin Gratz;
A bill (H. R. No. 3855) for the relief of
Josiah Morris and J. F. Johnson;
A bill (H. R. No. 3856) for the relief of
the heirs of Henry Fullenwider, deceased;
A bill (H. R. No. 3857) for the relief of J.
George Harris;
A bill (H. R. No. 3858) for the relief of Mrs.
Emma A. Porch;
A bill (H. R. No. 2985) for the relief of
certaiu loyal creditors, whose moneys were
confiscated by the confederate congress, in
the State of Louisiana;
A bill (H. R. No. 3859) for the relief of
William Selden;
A bill (H. R. No. 3860) for the relief of
William Rutherford, of Washington;
A bill (H. R. No. 3861) for the relief of
Thomas B. Tutt & Co.;
A bill (H. R. No. 3846) for the relief of
Peter Dunn and others;
A bill (H. R. No. 3864) for the relief of the
heirs-at-law and next of kin of James B. Arm-
strong, deceased;
A bill (H. R. No. 3865) for the relief of
Nathaniel McKay;
A bill (H. R. No. 3866) for the relief of
Donald McKay, of Boston ;
A bill (H. R. No. 3867) for the relief of
Larrabee & Allen ;
A bill (H. R. No. 3868) for the relief of
the Portland Company, of Portland, Maine;
A bill (H. Ii. No. 3853) to settle for the
inventions and pateuts of William Wheeler
Hubbell;
A bill (H. R. No. 798) to reimburse Robert
Clarke, of Petersburg, Virginia, for rent of
stables by the United States Government;
A bill (H. R. No. 3869) for the relief of
George W. Lawrence;
A bill (H. R. No. 2659) for the relief of
Amherst H. Wilder;
A bill (H. R. No. 3870) for the relief of
Mark Davis;
A bill (H. R. No. 3871) referring the claim
of J. Snowden & Son to the Court of Claims;
A bill (H. R. No. 3872) for the relief of
Mrs. Ann Marble, (now Strong,) adminis-
tr£vti" i *
A bi'll (H. R. No. 3873) for the relief of
William Zeigler, Norris Haver, William T.
Ashbell, and Courtney Holmes;
A bill (H. R. No. 3875) for the relief of
Christopher Weidner, Henry Hegwer, Moise
Bellmard, Louis Pashall, Aaron Grigsby,
Harvey L. Bickford, and Thomas Stanley,
composing the firm of Bickford & Stanley;
A bill (H. R. No. 3874) for the relief of
Benjamin Crawford;
A bill (H. R. No. 3877) for the relief of
Anna B. Peals;
A bill (H. R. No. 3878) for the relief of
Mrs. Louisa Eldis ; and
A bill (H. R. No. 3879) for the relief of
Abraham Palmer.
The message also announced that the House
had passed, without amendment, the following
bills of the Senate:
A bill (S. No. 1206) for the erection of a
public building for the use of the United States
in Covington, Kentucky;
A bill (S. No. 171) for the relief of Pay-
master George F. Cutter;
A bill (S. No. 198) for the relief of Warren
& Moore;
A bill (S. No. 1022) relating to the claim of
John B. Chapman ;
A bill (S. No. 868) for the relief of J. &
C. M. Dailey;
A bill (S. No. 940) for the relief of William
Webster, of Maine;
A bill (S. No. 610) for the relief of Lizzie
Gilmer, postmaster at Pittsfield, Illinois;
A bill (S. No. 1090) for the relief of Wil-
liam L. U tley;
A bill (S. No. 1142) for the relief of S. E.
A bill (S. No. 884) for the relief of the sure-
ties of Frederick Boehmler, of the State of
Iowa; and
A bill (S. No. 549) for the relief of R. H.
Pratt.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the bill (S. No. 686) for the relief
of Horace Tyler, with an amendment; in which
it requested the concurrence of the Senate.
("The message further announced that the
'House had agreed to the report of the com-
mittee of conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses on the bill (H. R. No. 2934)
revising and amending the laws relative to the
mints, assay offices, and coinage of the United
States.
""" The message also announced that the House
had non-concurred in the amendments of the
Senate to the bill (H. R. No. 3352) making
appropriations for the construction, preser-
vation, and repairs of certain fortifications and
other works of defense, requested a conference
on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
thereon, and appointed Mr. W. E. Niblack
of Indiana, Mr. F. W. Palmer of Iowa, and
Mr. Frank Morey of Louisiana, managers at
the same on its part.
The message further announced that the
House had non-concurred in the amendments
of the Senate to the bill (H. R. No. 2053) au-
thorizing the nomination and appointment to
the retired list of the Navy of certain volunteers
on the active list of the Navy, who are disabled
in consequence of wounds received during the
late war, requested a conference committee on
the disagreeing votes of the two Houses thereon,
and appointed Mr. Charles Hays of Ala-
bama, Mr. J, M. Cogiilan of California, and
Mr. J. G. Sutherland of Michigan, managers
at the same on its part.
The message also announced that the House
had non-concurred in the amendments of the
Senate to the bill (H. R. No. 3258) making
appropriations for the consular and diplomatic
service of the Government for the year ending
June 30, ,1874, and for other purposes, re-
guested a conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses thereon, and appointed Mr.
Thomas Swann of Maryland, Mr. Eugene
Hale of Maine, and Mr. N. P. Banks of
Massachusetts, managers at the same on its
part.
The message also announced that the House
insisted upon its amendment to the bill (8.
No. 96) for the relief of Cowan & Dickinson,
of Knoxville, Tennessee, agreed to the con-
ference asked by the Senate on the disagree-
ing votes of the two Houses thereon, and had
appointed Mr. Austin Blair of Michigan, Mr.
Charles Foster of Ohio, and Mr. J. T. Harris
of Virginia, managers at the same on its part.
tub fortification bill.
The Senate proceeded to consider its amend-
ments to the bill (H. R. No. 3352) making
appropriations for the construction, preserva-
tion, and repairs of certain fortifications and
other works of defense, disagreeed to by the
House of Representatives; and
On motion of Mr. S PRAGUE, it was
llemlved; That the Senate insist upon its amend-
ments to the said bill disagreed to by the House of
Representatives, and agree to the conference asked
by the House on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses thereon.
By unanimous consent, it was
Ordered, That the conferees on the part of the
Senate be appointed by the Vice President.
The VICE PRESIDENT appointed Mr.
Sprague, Mr. Edmunds, and Mr. Stevenson.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The Chair probably had
forgotten in appointing me on the conference
committee upon the fortification bill that 1 am
not now a member of the Committee on Appro-
priations ; and as I am not at all familiar with
that matter, I ask to be excused from service
on the conference committee.
Mr. SPRAGUE. There is but one point
that is really in difference between the two
Houses on the fortification bill, and it is one
on which the Senator from Vermont has taken
decided ground. I trust that he will not be
6xcu86(1<
Mr. EDMUNDS. If it is satisfactory to my
friend from Rhode Island, I have no objection
to serving.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair was
aware of the fact that it would be acceptable.
kansas senatorial election.
Mr. POMEROY. I should like to occupy
a moment in a personal explanation this morn-
ing, if petitions are concluded.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Petitions are
concluded. The Senator from Kansas asks
consent to make a personal explanation. Is
there objection? The Chair hears none.
Mr. POMEROY. Mr. President, I embrace
the first opportunity, after being able to reach
my seat in the Seuate, to arrest for a moment
the business of the session in order to make a
statement, personal in its general character to
myself, and one which in justice is due also to
the members of this body, with whom I have
so long been associated.
Senators as individuals, as well as the coun-
try, have had their attention called through
the press to the late senatorial election in
Kansas, and have had some information of the
conspiracy there, planned, plotted, and exe-
cuted for the purpose of accomplishing my
defeat. Upon the subject-matter of that act
of villainy, unparalleled in wickedness, my lips
have heretofore been sealed, for the want of a
proper place and opportunity to speak. I
now propose to break this silence.
In your presence, sir; in the presence of
my fellow-Senators, and before the country, I
publicly deny the truth of each and every
charge of bribery and corruption made by the
chief instigator of this conspiracy, or by whom-
soever made. I deny each and every state-
ment imputing to me any act inconsistent with
moral rectitude and correct conduct, and
declare all such statements to be totally,
absolutely, and wickedly false.
And I further specifically deny that I ever
entered into any contract or argreement,
directly or indirectly, with any man (a mem-
ber of the Kansas Legislature or not) for a
vote in my lavor, or that 1 ever, directly or
indirectly, paid any individual one dollar, or
any other sum, for his vote for mi; m the lute
senatorial election.
I know the pressure of public business, and
