1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
251
the Senate, to see if they will come here this
evening and allow us to consider that bill, I
submit a motion that at five minutes past four
the Senate take a recess until half past seven
this evening, to consider at the evening session
House bill No. 3010, and that no other busi-
ness shall come before the Senate this even-
ing.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Car-
penter in the chair.) The ciuestion is on the
motion of the Senator from New Hampshire.
Is there objection ?
Mr. NORWOOD. I hope the Senator from
New Hampshire will change his motion from
" tive minutes past, four "to " the time when
we adjourn.It is now four o'clock.
Mr. CRAGIN. We do not propose to ad-
journ. I will put it at a quarter past four or
haif past four, if that wiil suit Senators better.
The P R ESIDIN G 0 FFICE R. The motion
can only be entertained by unanimous consent.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. Then I
object to the motion.
Mr. CORBETT. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive
business.
Mr. NORWOOD. I would ask the indul-
gence of the Senate for one moment.
Mr. CORBETT. 1 withdraw the motion
tor the present.
Mr. NORWOOD. There is a little bill on
the Calendar which I have been trying to pass.
I tried all last session, and I will try again
before the recess. I hope the Senate will in-
dulge me in taking up the bill; it will take but
a moment to pass it; it is to relieve one gen-
tleman from disability.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor from Georgia asks unanimous consent to
lay aside the pending business for the consid-
eration of the bill mentioned by him, which is
a bill to remove disabilities.
Mr. CHANDLER. I object.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The mo-
tion cannot be entertained.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The following bills were severally read twice
by their titles and referred as indicated below:
The bill (H. R. No. 3248) to amend the one
hundred and thirty-third and one hundred and
thirty-fourth sections of an act approved June
8, 1872, entitled "An act to revise, consoli-
date, and amend the statutes relating to the
Post Office Department"—to the Committee
on Post Offices and Post Roads.
The bill (H. R. No. 3249) for the removal
of the political disabilities of I. Ernest Meire,
of the State of Maryland—to the select Com-
mittee on the Removal of Political Disabili-
ties.
The bill (H. R. No. 3253) to provide for the
appointment of a commission to complete the
bouudary line between the territory of the
United States and the possessions of Great
Britain, not completed under the act of August
11, 1856, to carry into effect the firstarticle of
the treaty of 15th of June, 1846—to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Mr. CORBETT. I renew my motion for an
execative session.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of executive
business. After twelve minutes spent in execu-
tive session the doors were reopened, and (at
foni o'clock and fifteen minutes p. m.,) the
Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, December 17, 1872.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butlkr, D. D.
The Clerk proceeded to read the Journal of
yesterday.
Mr. MERRIAM moved that the further
reading of the Journal be dispensed with.
The motion was agreed to.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I demand the
regular order of business,
. The SPEAKER. The regular order of
business being demanded, the morning hour
commences at twenty-five minutes past twelve
o'clock, and reports are in order from the
Committee on Foreign Affairs.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I appeal to the
chairman of the Committee on Foreign Affairs
to allow us to go into Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union and dispose of the
deficiency bill which we had up last evening.
To-day after two o'clock is set apart for a
special order, and I very much desire that the
House should take final action on that bill.
It ought not to take us many minutes, and
probably will not. The gentleman will cer-
tainly have the day to-morrow.
Mr. BANKS. That is not so certain, and
there are one or two bills which it is indis-
pensable to have acted on this week before
the recess. I therefore feel it to be my duty to
report them this morning. We will not oc-
cupy much time. I think if we can have half
an hour this morning without losing any of
our time I can accede to the request of the
gentleman.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I hope then
that at the end of half an hour the gentleman
will let us go into Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union.
Mr. BANKS. If I can do so without losing
any of our time.
Mr. PERCE. I must object to any arrange-
ment by which the Committee on Foreign
Affairs can occupy half an hour and then have
their business go over.
The SPEAKER. The committee are only
entitled to be called upon two successive
morning hours, and the arrangement sug-
gested by the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Gar-
field] can only be made by unanimous con-
sent.
Mr. PERCE. I object.
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. I desire to give
notice that to-morrow the death of Hon. Gar-
rett Davis will be announced in, the Senate,
and of course that will necessitate immediate
proceedings in reference to it in the House.
ALABAMA CLAIMS.
Mr. BANKS. I reportback from the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs the bill (H. R. No.
3117) creating a commission to adjust the
compensation of the several claimants for
damages for depredations by rebel cruisers,
to be discharged out of the indemnity fund
awarded by the tribunal of arbitration at
Geneva to be paid by Great Britain to the
United States.
This bill was under consideration by the
Committee on Foreign Affairs at the time the
negotiations were entered upon, and resulted
in the treaty of Washington, and the arbi-
trations under that treaty. It was then a
question between the United States and the
Government of Great Britain as to what com-
pensation should be made to those who lost
property by the depredations of the Alabama
and other rebel cruisers. Since the negotia-
tion of the treaty and the arbitration under it
this subject is now deprived of any foreign
character, and is simply a question between
the claimants and the Government of the
United States. The Committee on Foreign
Affairs therefore do not think it properly
belongs to them, and ask that, it may be
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
TEXAS FRONTIER DEPREDATI0N8.
Mr. BANKS. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs to report "back House
joint resolution No. 136, appointing commis-
sioners to inquire into depredations on the
frontier of the State of Texas. The President,
in his recent message, recommends that an
increased appropriation be made for this pur-
pose. The appropriation made at the last ses-
sion of Congress was small in amount. It was
made then with the view to make an initiatory
inquiry into the condition of affairs on the
Texan frontier. As this is in the nature ot
a deficiency, I ask that the Committee on
Foreign Affairs be discharged from its further
consideration, and that it be referred to the
Committee on Appropriations.
The motion was agreed to.
DIPLOMATIC AND CONSULAR SEltVICK.
Mr. BANKS. I also report back from the
Committee on Foreign Affairs Senate bill No.
472, to amend an act entitled "An act to reg-
ulate the diplomatic and consular systems of
the United States," passed August 18, 1856,
and for other purposes.
This is an important subject, embracing all
our consular and diplomatic relations ; there
is a variety of provisions embraced in this bill.
In order that notice may be h^d of action upon
this subject by the House, in which most ol
the members of the House are specially inter-
ested, through the persons they represent, the
Committee on Foreign Affairs desire that the
consideration of this bill may be assigued to
some day after the recess. If it be the pleas-
ure of the House 1 will name the second Wed-
nesday of January next.
The SPEAKER. That day has been as-
signed to the consideration of another subject*
Mr. BANKS. Then from day to day after
that.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman had bet
ter have it assigned to a particular day, to the
exclusion of all other orders, or the probability
is that it will not be reached.
Mr. BANKS. Then if the House will agree
to that 
Mr. PERCE. I must object, unless the
time is fixed after the morning hour.
Mr. BANKS. Well, then, I will name the
second Tuesday of January next, to the ex-
clusion of all other business.
Mr. TAFFE. I think that day is already
assigned.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion
that that day is assigned to other business.
Mr. BANKS. Then I will name the third
Tuesday.
The SPEAKER. That is also assigned.
The 21st and 22d of January are assigned ;
the 23d is not.
Mr. BANKS. Then I will ask that the
assignment be made for the 23d of January.
Mr. HALE. Will the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Banks] make the same
reservation that was made on yesterday in
the case of the Committee on Commerce,
excepting the business of the Committee on
Appropriations ?
Mr. BANKS. I will make that reservation
as regards unfinished appropriation bills. I
would not like to give way to a new appro-
priation.
Mr. HALE. Will the gentleman name the
time when the previous question shall be
called?
Mr. BANKS. I will engage that the pre-
vious question shall be called in two hours
after the consideration of the bill shall have
been commenced.
Mr. PERCE. I do not desire to make ob-
jection to assigning a particular day for the
consideration of this bill. But if a time be
fixed, even after the morning hour, for each of
so many subjects, it appears to me that the
Committee on Appropriations will absorb all
the rest of the time of the House ; and, un-
less it can be so arranged that the regular
business of the committees of the House who
desire to report can be considered, I will have
to object.
The SPEAKER. This arrangement does
not affect the regular reports from committees.
Mr. PERCE. What is it?
Mr. BANKS. It is in reference to the sal-
aries of consuls. We have reported substan-
tially as the Senate has.
