1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2175
an end, and it is not in the power of the Sen-
ate to recreate it; it is gone.
A meeting of the two Houses through their
two committees is the only manner in which
they can regularly learn the views, each House
of the other, in free discussion. When the
conferees on the part of the Senate meet the
conferees on the part of the House, the sub-
ject is discussed freely, in the strongest sense
of the word ; each mentions to the other what
the feeling of his House has been on the sub-
ject ; the votes in the Senate are canvassed ;
the votes in the House are canvassed. If the
conferees on the part of the Senate believe
that a certain measure proposed by the House
cannot obtain the consent of the Senate, it is
so stated, and the fullest reasons given to in-
fluence the conferees of the other House in
agreeing to the proposition. We cannot here
refer to what goes on in the House, nor can
they refer to what passes in the Senate; but
in order that there may be a free, proper, and
reasonable exchange of views between the
two, a joint committee is instituted in which
this barrier of discussion as to what passes in
the other Chamber is removed.
Now, Mr. President, nothing but a confer-
ence can procure that. It is only by means
of a conference that you can obtain a com-
munication between the two Houses as to the
relative views of each upon a debated ques-
tion. It is the only way in which it can be
done; and if you send your conferees into
what you term a conference fettered by your
will expressed in advance, then you have de-
stroyed the very object for which your confer-
ence was created; it would no longer be a
conference except in name; it would be an
instructed committee, and there would be no
use in creating it. You had much better pass
your bill and refuse a conference and then the
House will know what they have got to agree
or not to agree to; but if there is a disagree-
ment and each House desires to know the sen-
timents of the other, to be informed why it
was that there was not an agreement on one
part or the other, you obtain that by means
of a conference, and in that way alone can you
obtain it. An instructed committee, a com-
mittee shackled and fettered to a certain
amendment, is not fit to enter a conference,
and there is no use in appointing it; you had
better non-concur and send your bill back and
have your answer from the House. If you
desire to have discussion, you can have it only
in the way I have mentioned.
The reasons that were given so strongly and
logically before I rose on this point, together
with those which I have stated myself, have
convinced me that this motion is irregular
and would defeat the very object and interest
for whieli a conference is provided. It the
Senate believe that there is a feature in this
report so obnoxious that it ought to be fatal
to the entire report, then they have the right
and the power to non-concur. That they can
do, and then if they think the two committees
of conference can arrange this matter, perhaps
they may consider it again; but do not go
through the form of sending a committee back
with their hands over their mouths to read
your message to the other House. Itis neither
order, nor form, nor in my opinion good sense
on this subject.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I hope I shall beexcused
if I occupy two or three minutes of the time
of the Senate in defending the judgment of
the Chair, it is perhaps unnecessary to say
that I have great respect for the judgment of
the Chair, [laughter,] and therefore may be
biased in favor of maintaining it.
1 think that we sometimes let our minds
be drawn away from the precise point of
order by the views we may have as to what
may be the result of the point of order upon
the bill before us. All that I propose to dis-
cuss is, not whether it is wise to send this bill
back with instructions—it may not be not
whether it is proper to give instructions to a
committee where you wish to have them at
liberty to act at large, but whether it is lawful,
according to the course of parliamentary law,
for the Senate to give such an order. It being
ascertained to be lawful, then the question is,
whether it is proper to exercise that power.
I think the radical error in this discussion
upon the point of order, not upon the point
of the wisdom of making such an order, is
that Senators have been led to suppose that
a free conference was one which could not act
upon any principles that either House had set-
tled, and that the conferees of each House
were to be left at large, not only to maintain
all that they could against the other House
but to do whatever they pleased with their own.
I do not understand a free conference to be
that thing at all unless the Senate chooses to
make it that thing. A simple conference, as it
is called, which is used in contradistinction
to a free conference, is a conference of this
kind:
"At a conference simply- written reasons are pre-
pared by the House asking it,"—
Not by the committee—
" and they are read and delivered without debate
to the managers of the other House at tho con-
ference: but are not then to be answered."
That is to say, if you have a simple confer-
ence, the House asking the conference, which
may be agreed to, proposes to the other House,
upon that conference, certain written proposi-
tions which it delivers to the agents of the
other House appointed to receive them; the
other conferees, without any debate at all, and
the conferees of the other House report them
to their House for consideration, and they
make a reply to it. That, according to Jeffer-
son's Manual, and according to all parliamen-
tary law, is a simple conference.
Then what is a free conference ? A free con-
ference is the converse of that, where the con-
ferees are appointed without the prepared
judgment of the House on the subject which
is delivered to them in writing and which they
have no right even to debate, but they are
appointed to have an oral conference with the
other House, to present the views of the body
that appoints them, and in giving them instruc-
tion when they are thus appointed they are
simply advised in an authoritative way as to
what the view of the House is that they are
appointed to represent. There is the difference
between what is called a free conference and a
simple conference.
The delusion into which my friend from
Wisconsin and my friends from Illinois have
fallen arises from the fact that they suppose
the word "free" to mean absolute free will
on the part of the agents of each House in
respect to its own principles. There is no
such parliamentary law, and none has been
referred to. The word "free" is used, as I
have stated, in contradistinction to the written
declaration that each House has prepared,
taking its position, and which it submits to the
representatives of the other House to have
carried to that House for consideration, and
a free conference is that other thing where
each body appoints its own agents and gives
them such instructions as it may to represent
its views, and they meet and discuss those
reasons and instructions orally. There is the
difference.
Mr. CONKLINCr. May I ask my friend a
question for information?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Yes, sir.
Mr. CONKLING. Is not that the confer-
ence which formerly was conducted by the
Houses themselves, the Speaker and the whole
House attending the Lords ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not know whether
it is or not. I only know it is the conference
described in the books on parliamentary prac-
tice, and one with which we are all familiar.
My friend from Illinois, [Mr. Tp.umbull,] I
believe, agreed, when ho was making his state-
ment, that if we had not this report before us
and it were a question de novo, and we were
now granting a conference, we might instruct
our conferees to carry out certain views. I
think everybody recognizes that to be true.
Now, what is the difference here? Wc have
a report before us. It is a report of our com-
mittee advising us to agree to what the other
committee has advised the House to agree to,
and the reports are signed by the representa-
tives of both Houses, not that our signature
binds the House at all, but only as the attes-
tation of the fact, certifying the factas to what
the representatives of both bodies have agreed
to. This report being before us, a simple
motion to recommit the report I believe has
always been held in order. I never heard
a question raised upon it. Wo do it at almost
every session. I am quite sure we did it at
the last session; but no matter whether we did
it at the last session or not. The moment this
report is recommitted, what have you then?
Any report?
Not by any means. A report recommitted
is exactly like an amendment sent to a com-
mittee with a bill, it disappears; the commit-
tee are never bound to report it. The commit-
tee have no power to make this report again
if it be recommitted as this report. It is a
fresh report, although every line and every
letter in it may be the same as this ; it is a new
report. They may agree upon the same things
again ; but the moment this report has been
recommitted it ceases to be a report, and it
has no character as such.
Mr. BAYARD. Allow me to ask the Sen-
ator from Vermont this question. Suppose
this report is recommitted, and recommitted
with instructions, that is the proposition, what
would be the result, if a communication is
made to the House and it should turn out that
the House committee has been discharged ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. The result would be pre-
cisely the same as if this report were recom-
mitted without instructions and the House were
inf&rmed of that fact. The fact that this com-
mittee is instructed does not affect the question
of the other committee being discharged.
Mr. BAYARD. One step farther. Suppose
that it is recommitted without instructions, but
in the meantime the other House has acted
upon the report and the committee are dis-
charged and the members are therefore defunct
in office, what can the Senate committee do
but simply return and stale that fact?
Mr. EDMUNDS. My friend begs the ques-
tion. He assumes that where a report js to be
acted upon by the two Houses, the action of
one discharges its committee finally, and that
the action of the other sending it back to them
does not revive that committee. That remains
to be proved.
Mr. BAYARD. Suppose as a matter of
fact, I do not say ipso facto, they were dis-
charged ; but suppose the report of the com-
mittee had been received and the committee
had been discharged ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Very well; that is a
perfectly easy question to answer, and that
eomes to the point upon that subject. If this
report be recommitted, and the other commit-
tee has in fact been discharged, then the House
will appoint that committee or any other that
it likes, these gentlemen or any others that it
prefers, to compose the committee of confer-
ence on its part, if it wishes. It has a perfect
right to declare that it will not have any con-
ference at all, if it wishes.
Mr. BAYABD. Would not the committee
on the part of the Senate be compelled to
return here and state the fact that they had
discovered that the committee of conference
which had originally met could no longer
exist, because the members of the committee
of the House were defunct in office ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am astonished at my
friend. He seems to suppose that if this re-
port be recommitted, the Senate committee is
to take this report and go and try to hunt up
somebody. By no manner of means. Nothing
can be done after we recommit this report, or
