1*216
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 10,
who was the widow of Brintnal Robbins, an
officer of the army of the Revolution, reported
adversely thereon.
Mr. SCOTT. I ask that that bill go ou the
Calendar.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
placed on the Calendar with the adverse
report.
Mr. SCOTT, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the memorial of Samuel
Gardner, praying payment of a balance due
him for lighting the Rotunda and Dome of the
Capitol, asked to be discharged from the
further consideration of the subject, which
was agreed to ; and he submitted a report
thereon, which was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (EL R. No. 1963) for the
relief of B. P. Speedy, late first lieutenant,
second battalion six months' Pennsylvania vol-
unteers, reported it without amendment.
Mr BOREMAN, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred the petition of
William Spence, of Tennessee, asking to be
compensated for property taken from himdur
ing the' war by the Army, submitted a report
accompanied by a bill (S. No. 1556) for the
relief of William Spence.
The bill was read, and passed to the second
reading; and the report was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. DAVIS, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom- was referred the bill (S. No. 1250)
for th"6 relief of H. B. Denman, reported ad-
versely thereon; and the bill was postponed
indefinitely.
Mr. 'LEWIS. I am directed by the select
Committee on the Removal of Political Disa-
bilities, to whom was referred the bill (H. R.
No. 3780) to remove the political disibilities
of Daniel C. DeJarnette, of Virginia, to report
it hack without amendment and recommend
its passage ; and I ask the unanimous consent,
of the Senate to put it on its passage now. I
am sure there will be no objection to it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I think it had better go
over.
The VIGE PRESIDENT. Objection being
made the bill Will be placed on the Calendar.
Mr. MACHEN. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Claims, to whom was referred the
bill (H. R. No. 2803) for the relief of Samuel
S. Potter, to report it back favorably with an
amendment, and I ask the indtffgence of the
Senate to consider the bill at the present time.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will
be read for information, after which it will be
subject to objection.
The Chief Clerk read the bill.
The amendment of the committee was to
strike out in line six the word "two" and
insert " one so as to read, " $1,000."
Mr. EDMUNDS. I object to the present
consideration of that bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
placed on the Calendar.
public building at memphis.
Mr. ALCORN. I ask that the report of
the committee of conference on the disagree-
ing votes of the two Houses on the amend-
ment of the Senate to the bill (H. R. No.
27:63) providing for a building suited to the
use of the custom-house, post office, the pen-
sion and revenue officers, and the judicial
officers of the United States in the city of
Memphis, Tennessee, which was made to the
Senate on Friday, be referred back to the
committee of conference.
Mr. ANTHONY. Mr. President, in the
debate of hnday last, in reply to the Senator
from Mississippi, [Mr. Alcorn,] I made a
statement which_ seemed to impugn, and I
think, upon looking at the Globe where it is
reported a little stronger than I thought I
spoke it, does impugn a very worthy and
efficient officer, the chief of the Bureau of
Statistics, in regard to his figuies. Statisticians
are as jealous of their figures as military men
are of their honor; and I take pleasure in
saying that the figures of the chief of the
Bureau of Statistics were perfectly correct.
The mistake was mine, and I did him an un-
intentional injustice.
At the same time, Mr. President, the mis-
take I made was a natural one, because I had
had occasion a few days before to look- at the
returns of revenue from the port of Newport,
and they were nearly four times the amount
stated by the Senator from Mississippi. He
happened accidentally to get hold of an ex-
ceptional year where the returns were very
small; and the argument which I attempted
to make on the subject was not at all affected
by the amount of the returns, because the
building to which the Senator referred at New-
port was not only for the custom-house but
for the post office, which does return a very
handsome revenue to the Government, and
the custom-house established at Newport is
not for the collection of the revenue so much
as for the prevention of frauds upon the
revenue, and the custom-house force cannot
be dispensed with or materially reduced with
out the loss of a very large sum to the Govern-
ment. I make this statement, therefore, not
in defense of my argument, but as a matter of
justice to a very efficient officer whom I have
unintentionally wronged.
Mr. ALCORN. I am very glad the Senator
from Rhode Island has made the correction
which he has made. I was well satisfied at
the time that the figures were entirely correct.
I had taken some pains to ascertain the cor-
rectness of the statement I made the other
day, and it was derived from a report to the
Senate by the statistician spoken of. It was
a mere calculation of figures, and I am glad
the Senator from Rhode Island has done him
the justice which he has already done.
I want to say further that the point I made
the other day was not against Rhode Island,
was not against Newport, was not against
Maine; I had no complaint against those
localities. I was simply by comparison en-
deavoring to show bow much and how strongly
Memphis was entitled to the consideration of
the Senate. That was all.
The report was recommitted to the commit-
tee of conference.
bills introduced.
Mr. ANTHONY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1557) for the relief of Robert H. Wyman ;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Naval Affairs, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I ask leave to intro-
duce a bill by request, without knowing or
indorsing any of the facts or statements made
in the preamble of the bill.
By unanimous consent, leave was granted to
introduce a bill (S. No. 1558) for the relief of
Amauda M. Smyth, widow of the late Brevet
Major General Thomas A. Smyth; which was
read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. CARPENTER asked, and by unani-
mous consent obtained, leave to introduce a
bill (S. No. 1559) to abolish the eastern judi-
cial district of Wisconsin ; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee ou
the Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. SPRAGUE asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill
(S. No. 1560) for the construction of a public
building in North Providence, in the State of
Rhode Island; which was read twice by its
title, referred to the Committee oti Public
Buildings and Grounds, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. WRIGHT asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a biil
(S. No. 1561) to amend an act entitled "An
act iu^relation to bounties," approved April
22, 1872; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. .RAMSEY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill
(S. No. 1562) to authorize the Secretary of
the Interior to discharge certain obligations
of the United States to the creditors of the
upper and lower bands of Sioux Indians;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Indian Affairs, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. ALCORN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill
(S. No. 1563) to revive, amend, and ex-
tend so much of the act of August 11, 1856,
as relates to the railroad from Brandon, in
the State of Mississippi, to the Gulf of Mex-
ico, and for other purposes ; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee
on Public Lands, and ordered to be printed.
He also asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1564) granting the right of way to the
Elyton, Corinth, and Tennessee River Railroad
Company through the public domain, and for
other purposes ; which was read twice by its
title, referred, to the Committee on Public
Lands, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. SAWYER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill
(S. No. 1565) to establish a post road in
Beaufort county, South Carolina ; which was
read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on Post Offices and Post Roads, and
ordered to be printed.
amendments to appropriation bills.
Mr. HAMLIN, Mr. RAMSEY, Mr. COLE,
and Mr. PERRY of Michigan, from the Com-
mittee on Post Offices and Post Roads, sub-
mitted amendments intended to be proposed
by them respectively to the bill (H. R. No.
3498) making appropriations for the service
of the Post Office Department for the year
ending June 30, 1874; which were referred to
the Committee on Appropriations, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. ANTHONY submitted an amendment
intended to be proposed by him to the bill
(H. R No. 33-51) making appropriations for
the naval service for the year ending June 30,
1874, and for other purposes; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Appropriations,
and ordered to be printed.
bill recommitted.
Mr. ANTHONY. I move that the bill (S.
No. 1223) to amend an act entitled "An act
to reduce internal taxes, and for other pur-
poses," approved July 14, 1870, be recommit-
ted to the Committee ou Finance. There is
additional information which I wish to lay
before the committee.
The motion was agreed to.
yellowstone park report.
Mr. RAMSEY submitted the following reso-
lution; which was referred to the Committee
on Printing:
Resolved, That there be printed for the use of
the Senate two thousand copies of the report of the
superintendent of the Yellowstone national park,
and that a like number of copies of the map of that
region already engraved be printed to accompany
the reports, of which five hundred shall be for the
use of the superintendent.
distribution op documents.
Mr. SHERMAN submitted the following
resolution; which was considered by unani-
mous consent, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the Committee on Printing bo
directed to inquire into the best mode of distributing
public documents after the 1st of July next, and
especially whether all extra documents should not
be sold by the Public Printer for their net co^t, and
to promote such sale a weekly circular catalogue
of documents on hand, and the cost of each, be
Printed and distributed.
teller of presidential vote.
Mr. SHERMAN submitted the following
resolution; which was considered by unani-
mous consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Vice President be authorized
