1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2177
they _ represent, are to be indulged in ? and,
2. xbat no irre evant topic, that is, one not em-
braced within the subject-matter of the conference,
as agreed upon, is to be introduced. If either of
these rules is infringed by the managers or any of
tnem, on the one side, there is no other remedy but
forthe managers on the other to object to any fur-
ther proceeding, stating at the same time the rea-
son of their objection, and then to withdraw from
the conference and report the whole matter to the
House of which they are members; which can then
take such order in the premises as it may think
proper.1'—Ibid, p. 338, see. 841.
This author, citing instances which I omit
in the reading, it seems to me states and ex-
plains clearly the scope and object of a free
conference. Was not this a free conference?
The Senator from Vermont admits that it was,
as distinguished from a simple conference;
but let me fortify his admission by calling
attention, first, to the stereotyped form of the
report, and of all our conference committees,
and then I will read the joint rule to show the
foundation of this form.
The committees report that, " having met
after a full and free conference, they have
agreed to recommend and do recommend to
their respective Houses as follows:" No
simple conference here, no hare conference,
no conference between mere messengers lo
carry and deliver to each other without debate
written propositions agreed upon by their
respective Houses, but after "a full and free
conference" they recommend to their respect-
ive Houses, &c. That is tantamount, in the
language of Cushing and May, to saying that
they went to endeavor by their owu arguments,
restrained by no rules save those resting upon
the two Houses themselves, and in theory of
law embodying and incarnatingthe two Houses,
and indeed in their presence to persuade and
induce, by arrangement and accommodation,
the Houses to meet upon common ground.
Now see what the rule says and what the
Manual says. My honorable friend from Wis-
consin read from the Manual on page 273, but
his reading began after a passage which I con-
ceive to be" quite efficacious upon this question:
"At free conferences, the managers discuss, viva
vow uriil freely, and interchange propositions for
such modifications as-may be made in aparliament-
ary way, and may bring the sense of the two Houses
together. And each party reports in writing to
their respective Houses the substance of what is
said on both sides, and it is entored in their Jour-
nals. This report cannot bo amended or altered, as
that of a committee may be."
I heard some Senator say that a conference
committee is like any committee. Why, Mr.
President, it is not a committee at all in true
parliamentary sense. We speak of it as a
committee. In the British Parliament it was
a deputation, and the members have come
more recently to be managers; we hear them
called here conferees; but the Manual says
that their "report cannot be amended or al-
tered, as that of a committee may be." It
does not say "as that of any other committee
may be," but it distinguishes between allcom-
mittees and tbe particular deputation of which
we are now speaking.
Then I turn to the joint rule, and what does
that provide 1 Does it provide for a " simple
conference," a "bare conference?" Does it
germit any such conference between the two
[ouses ? Not as I read it. The rule con-
cludes thus.
"Such committee shall, at a convenient hour, to
bo agreed on by their chairman, meet in the confer-
ence chamber, and state to each other, verballv or
in writing, as either shall choose, the reasons of
their respective Houses for and against the amend-
ment "—
And what?
" And confer freely thereon."
And these words fix as immutably as a whole
chapter could do the character and nature of
this proceeding and of those who conduct it.
If it were a " simple" conference they would
have no more power to confer freely with the
House managers than would three of the pages
of tbe Senate. If it were a simple conference
they must exhaust their whole power when
they go and deliver to the committee on the
42d Cong. 3d Sess.—No. 137.
part of the other House certain things agreed
to by the Senate and set down in writing; and
of those they cannot change anything, not a
single iota. The moment you admit, as this
rule says, that they are to "confer freely " on
the matter before them, as I understand it, you
prove these managers must hold a free confer-
ence and none other.
Appealing to the reason of the case and
accepting these precedents, I submit that we
can hardly establish as the law of the Senate
the contrary, because we find in one work, and
that a recent one, a passage in brackets, or in
parenthesis as I understand, a remark that a
conference committee may be instructed. I
have not seen the citation, I should be glad to
see it if any Senator will be good enough to
send it to me. I should like to look at it and
see whether the statement is not only that a
conference committee may be instructed, but
that managers conducting a " full and free
conference" may be instructed. If it does
not say that, then, as I understand it, it falls
short of the point before the Senate. [Bar-
clay's Digest was handed to Mr. Conkling
and examined by him.]
I do not And anything here about full and
free conference. I simply find in parenthesis
" a committee of conference may be instructed
like any other committee, but the instructions
cannot be moved when the papers are not
before the House."
I can find abundant authority for that in
other books. Every simple conference, every
bare conference, not only can be, but usually
is instructed. Why ? Because the very na-
ture and object of it is to £o with definite and
specified points to be delivered to the other
side, not even to be debated, and that is all,
mere messengers between the two Houses. I
submit, therefore, that this authority to apply
to this case, and serve as a foundation upon
which this ruling may stand, must be shown
to refer to those conferences which Cushing
and May say are not and cannot be objects of
instruction.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. I desire
to ask the honorable Senator from New York
a question. Is there any doubt about the
House having the power to recommit this
report to the committee of conference?
Mr. CONKLING. I supposed there was
not. I have heard Senators argue that when
the managers on the part of the House re-
ported to their House, they were functus
officio. I do not understand that to be so.
On the contrary, I understand the parlia-
mentary law to be that a special committee
dies when it makes a report, unless it is re-
vived ; but if you recommit the same matter
to that committee, the committee is thereby
revived. I remember an occasion when the
present Vice President, then Speaker of the
House, suggested to a member who was in
great difficulty as to the mode in which he
could keep a measure alive, that if he would
move to recommit it to the special committee
which an hour before had died, it would re-
vive the committee, and the suggestion being
adopted the committee did revive.
So I understand the rule to be in regard to
a conference committee of either House. It
makes a report; you may recommit, it to that
committee or you may commit it to a new
committee, and when you recommit it to the
committee which made it, you revive or re-
create that committee, and clothe it again
with all the powers which it had in the begin-
ning. That is my understanding, but I speak
under favor and with deference to the sugges-
tion thrown out by other Senators, and only
answer my friend who asks me the question.
Mr. NORWOOD. I should like to ask the
Senator from New York whether that would
be the case if the other House had taken final
action on the subject-matter that the commit-
tee had reported upon ?
Mr. CONKLING-. Senators behind me say
that if the House has acted finally, it could
not recommit it to its committee. I cannot so
understand the rule or the law. On the con-
trary I conceive that the House has the same
power to reconsider its action on such a report
that it has to reconsider every vote save only
a vote on the motion to adjourn. When it
reconsiders the report the report is again
before the House, and then if we can recom-
mit it to our committee the House could recom-
mit it to its committee. Therefore I cannot
agree to the doctrine that because the House
has acted finally, it is not within its power,
always during the time for moving a reconsid-
eration, to bring it back and put it in statu quo.
Mr. HAMLIN. Mr. President, I confess
that to me this is a most remarkable motion
to be submitted to the consideration of the
Senate. I atu quite sure the legislative his
tory of the country will present no other
case like it. No precedent for such a motion,
I am sure, can be found. I have not listened
to the discussions which have-been had, but it
seema to me the reasoning is within a nut-
shell. Here was a free conference. What is
a free conference ? The two branches of the
Legislature disagree upon a proposition, and to
settle that difference managers upon the part of
the respective Houses are appointed, and for
what purpose? Kach to convince the other that
the one is right and the other wrong. Now,
sir, if we send a committee of free conference
to the House instructed, what becomes of the
object of the conference? It is "heads we
win and tails they lose. " What ground have
they for approaching the conferees on the part
of the Senate and satisfying them by fair and
legitimate argument that the Senate ought to
yield? Or reverse the proposition, suppose
the House should instruct its conferees, what
power would the Senate committee possess to
convince the conferees on the part of the
House that the House was in error and ought
to yield to the Senate? It is a proposition
which places the two branches on unequal con-
ditions.
I concede that the Senate might propose a
conference with the House and in that proposi-
tion might distinctly instruct its conferees pre-
cisely what to do, and the House might agree
to that conference instructing their conferees
precisely what to do; to wit, the Senate in-
structing its conferees that under no condition,
from no argument, no statement of facts that
might be presented should they recede from a
given vote of the Senate, and the House on
the other part might instruct their conferees to
do precisely the same in relation to the vote
of the House ; but would not such a conference
be sheer nonsense ? You could reach no point
of conclusion ; it would be a dead-lock. You
might as well let your bill slumber on the table
of either House.
An open conference is that which seeks,
either branch, to convince the other of its own
position; but when you seek to limit your con-
ference on the one part, your conferees appear
on unequal terms and limited by conditions in
the one case and not in the other.
Mr. President, there is not enough in the
case to argue about. I regret that I have taken
up so much of your time.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOCSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had concurred in the report of
the committee of conference on the bill (H.
K. No. 3922) making appropriations for the
repair, preservation, and completion of certain
public works on rivers and harbors, and for
other purposes.
The message further announced that the
House had concurred in the report of the com-
mittee of conference on the bill (H. R. No.
4057) to amend an act entitled "An act to
reduce duties on imports and to reduce in-
ternal taxes, and for other purposes," approved
June 6, 1872, and for other purposes.
The message also announced that the House
