1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
253
ment, of all our interests, of all oar mechanical
and agricultural products and development,
which will be of vast advantage to this country,
as well as in the extension of ideas connected
with our Government, our system of educa-
tion, &c.
In all of these representations, although
little preparation has been made by the United
States, they have heretofore been very success-
ful in their contests with other nations. Gen-
tlemen will recollect how great was the suc-
cess of this country at the exposition of 1851
in Loudon, and in that in Germany, 1 think, in
1864. We there took some of the most im-
portant mechanical and agricultural prizes,
and in 1867, though our representation was
very late and very imperfect, we had a larger
share of the awards than were given, I be-
lieve, to any other nation And I think it is
the judgment of the people of this country that
the small expenditure made for this purpose
has been fully repaid to our people by the
increased advantages which they have derived
from trade and acquaintance with those coun-
tries.
The matter is an important one also in re-
gard to the subject of immigration. Almost
every year we have bills proposed to increase
or provide a means for the increase and regu-
lation of immigration from the Eurqpean
States to this country. This brings us, our
Government, our people, our system of edu-
cation, and all the advantages of our Govern-
ment, to the notice of those classes of people
to whom we most desire to appeal with refer-
ence to the subject of immigration.
We shall aak, in connection with this, upon
the recommendation of the Psesident, and
with the consent of the Secretary of the Navy,
who has very fully and generously entered into
the consideration of this subject, that Con-
gress shall also allow two store vessels to be
used for the transportation of freight. This will
give us an advantage nearly equal to the appro-
priation of 1867, which amounted in the ag-
gregate to $200,000. It was provided then
that all the expenses of transportation should
be made out of that appropriation. It was
also provided that $25,000 should be expended
for the erection of a building, giving the
American people the additional room they
desired for the exhibition. These two items
will make at least an amount of $50,000 of
advantage added to the appropriation of
$100,000 which we recommend ; and if the
House shall concnr in these recommendations
of the Committee on Foreign Affairs, there
would be an actual appropriation of only
$100,000, but an equivalent for the appropria-
tion of $160,000 as compared with that of 1867.
Mr. HOLMAN. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts will permit me to suggest that his
observation in reference to appropriations and
expenditures was not heard upon this side
of the House. Will he please state what was
the-amount appropriated?
Mr. BANKS. The whole amount was
$200,000.
Mr. HOLMAN. In what form was it ap-
propriated ?
Mr. BANKS. The first appropriation made,
as gentlemen who served-in that Congress will
recollect, was $100,000, the sum we ask now.
When the bill passed it contained an appro-
priation of, I think, $156,000. One of the
gentlemen in the House who most strenuously
opposed the first appropriation, having visited
Europe, saw the necessity of an increased
appropriation for the proper representation of
our industries in that exhibition, and upon his
advice an additional appropriation of $50,000
was proposed and passed ; so that the whole
of the appropriation, as I learn from the Sec-
retary of the Senate—I have not been able to
find it on the statute-book—amounted to two
or three thousand dollars over $200,000.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. Mr. Speaker, I
desire to make a few remarks.
Mr. BANKS. Let me finish my statement.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. The Chair thought
you were through and awarded me the floor.
Mr. BANKS. Had my time expired?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thought the
gentleman had yielded.
Mr. BANKS. Very well, I will not press it.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. Mr. Speaker, I
am of opinion that these exhibitions are val-
uable, valuable in their international views
and results, and it is, I think, valuable to our
people as a rule that they should be partici-
pators in them, and that our Government and
; people should extend toward them a liberal
< and enlightened encouragement. While that
is my general feeling about this matter, I feel
| that in this particular instance it would be
j wrong, for me at any rate, as the Representa-
tive of a community to a large extent manu-
facturing, to fail to present their views as they
, communicate them to me in a paper which I
hold in my hand,"and also communicated
otherwise, in regard to this particular exhibi-
tion.
i No doubt every member of Congress has
i observed the very able and enlightened dis-
j cussion of this subject in that very able paper,
|' the Scientific American. In that I find con-
j densed the best statement that I have seen of
!j the state of the patent laws of Austria. What
is alleged about those laws has led the invent-
1 ive and manufacturing mind of this country,
' so far as I have learned, to snppose that an
exhibition there of patented and patentable
articles would be exceedingly disadvantageous
to our inventive and industrial people. I
adopt as a part of my remarks portions of
the article from the Scientific American to
which I have referred, and which is as follows:
" According to the rulings of the Austrian patent
law, patents in that country must be worked within
one year of their date of issue: working before
application for a patent, or between the dates of
application and issue, is not a compliance with the
law. Not only the device but all its parts must be
made in Austria and sworn to be in exact conform-
ity with the drawings and specifications filed. There
is no provision whereby a suit may be terminated.
The infringer, after the cose is completed and he
finds himself beaten, has only to assert that the
inventor has not properly proved his working. The
suit isthen reopened, and the same ground gone
over, and this can be done as often as the infringer
chooses, during the whole life of the patent. If an
inventor allows two years to pass after working his
patent the first year, without manufacturing it
again, his letters become void. As regards the
practical working of the above regulations, we have
presented sundry communications from American
inventors in Austria tending to show that Ameri-
cans have never succeeded in getting a favorable
decision in that country, and detailing individual
experience, proving that so far from theflovernment
supporting the injured party, it actually seeks
means to aid the infringer in his piracy.
" Not only are the Austrian laws thus oppressive,
but the regulations of adjacent European countries
are equally unjust. We note in English journals
repeated complaints of the unlaVful seizure of pat-
ented articles displayed in the Paris exposition of
1867, and we find it stated that inventions supposed
to be protected by a special certificate in that exhibi-
tion have been patented by continental people.
That the facts of the case are fully appreciated in
England is proved both by the warnings of the press
and the appropriation by Parliament of but £6,000
($30,000) to assist English representation. The prac-
tice under the Prussian law—the Austrian practice
is little better—is strongly condemned in evidence
given by Mr. Henry Bessemer, the great English
steel manufacturer, before a parliamentary com-
mittee. He stntes that after disposing of the use of
his process to Krupp. the German founder, the lat-
ter, according to law, applied to tUe Prussian patent
office for a patent on the same. Theauthorities first
declared the invention to be notnew.thon temporized
for a long period, and finally denied the application
on the ground that a description of the process was
published in the English Blue Book, which volume
circulated in Prussia. Mr. Bessemer adds,' that is
universally the way in Prussia; unless it is some
paltry thing, merely to keep up the appearanco of
granting patents, they give an occasional patent
in that way, but they receive always the drawings,
the fees, and the description from the English pat-
entee, which is published there for the benefit of the
Prussians. Having obtained all the information
from an English patentee, they make it public in
their country, and then say it is not new.' Other
cases are on record where patents on inventions
have been refused, and after the denial the Govern-
ment has quietly proceeded to manufacture the
articles. Especially is this true of military goods.
" Under the existing patent law of Austria a valid
patent cannot be had if the invention is exhibited
in Austria prior to the application for a patent. By
a recent modification the director of the exposition
is empowered to except from the operation of the
above clause such inventions as may bo exhibited
at the exposition, and to grant a certificate to that
effeot in suoh cases as he chooses.
" It is hardly necessary to say that as a protective
patent measure this certificate is worthless. There
is, therefore, plainly no ctround for the assertions of
the United States Commissioner that it is a patent,
or in any way operates as suoh. The most that it
does is to fix a time during which an invention may
be exhibited in Austria before being patented, aiul
it then leaves the inventor to the tender mercies of
the old and unaltered law. We therefore strongly
deprecate any appropriation of the public funds
in support of this great show business until Austria
modifies its laws and consents to grant to our in-
ventors the same enjoyment of their inventions
in Austria as the subjects of that empire enjoy in
the United States. In this country the Austrian in-
ventor may obtain a patent even if his invention
has been exhibited and manufactured for two years
prior to his application for a patent; and our courts
will protect and defend him from infringement the
same as if he were one of our own citizens."
The substance and effeet of this article is, I
think, this: that both the law of Austria and
the practice of that Government is such as that
the exhibition of any of the inventions of our
country there will result practically in a sur-
render of those inventions; that while that
Government of Austria, as I am glad to say,
in its general tendency is progressing rapidly
toward enlarged, enlightened, and liberal
views, this same progress has not characterized
their patent laws so far as these relate to the
citizens of other nations.
Mr. BANKS. I think I can relieve the gen-
tleman. He is mistaken in point of fact. Pro-
vision has been made to remedy that defect.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. The remedy to
which the gentleman refers is also noticed in
that article, and. it is shown that it is not a
remedy at all. If I am not entirely wrong, the
certificate provided for on the part of the Aus-
trian Government to be issued in favor of
inventors making exhibition in thatexposition,
instead of furnishing a remedy, will only in-
crease the mischief. I am not enlightened as
to the general views of the manufacturers of
the country; but I do know the desire of those
in my own district, and it is that Congress shall
not appropriate money, the result of which
will simply be to invite the manufacturers and
inventors of the country to send their products
to this exhibition, as it will furnish increased
opportunity for the loss of their inventions.
I therefore feel bound to say that I think
Austria has not put herself in a position where
she can well invite the United States, at any
rate, to participate in this exhibition, in so far
as that participation is to be encouraged and
patronized by the action of the Government
itself. Persons, of course, can each for him-
self decide upon the safety and the profit of
making exhibitions in that show. An import-
ant element of the objections to this appropri-
ation sent hither by our citizens is that the
United States should not by governmental
action give countenance to that policy in Aus-
tria which denies to the people of the United
States what the United States so fully accords
to the people of Austria in securing to them
their inventions.
The policy of Austria in this regard would
be encouraged by this governmental act, a
policy that is illiberal and entirely out of
harmony with that which characterizes the
Governmentof the United States in that regard.
While we give to the people of Austria the
same opportunities to patent their inventions
here that our own citizens have, and those
opportunities of the most liberal character,
perhaps too liberal for the general aggregate
interest of the body of the people, that has not
been reciprocated by Austria. And I trust
that the chairman of Foreign Affairs will as-
sent to such amendment to this bill as shall
make the expenditure of this proposed ap-
propriation to be dependent upon there being
secured to our inventors who may exhibit in
this exposition the same protection therein as
Austrians would have if exhibiting their inven-
tions in our country.
Mr. BANKS. If the gentleman will allow
me to state the facts he will be relieved from
