254
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 17,
his difficulty. Austria has already granted a
certificate of protection to patentees, running
to a certain time, and the best authorities upon
engineering and mechanics in England express
the opinion that that protection is a sufficient
guarantee. But that is not all that this Gov-
ernment asks. The Secretary of State has
sent to the Austrian Government the project
of a law that will entirely protect the inventors
of this country. That has been received by
the Government of Austria, and the Secretary
of State expects that it will be approved by
that Government. No expenditure will be
made under this appropriation except with the
approval of and by the direction of the Secre-
tary of State ; and I have no doubt whatever
that he will refrain from expeuding this money
unless the arrangement in regard to the law
of patents which be asks of the Government
of Austria is made. At any rate I would not
object to an amendment to that effect if neces-
sary. Therefore, the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Shellabarger] will see that the diffi-
culty he suggests is one already considered
and provided for.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. In order to get
further light on the points involved in this
debate, I would like to ask some questions.
I have no doubt that it may be a matter of
great importance that something shall be done
to secure the representation of the United
States at the coming Vieuua exposition. In
the first place, I wish to disclaim any opposi-
tion to the plan itself. But I do want to call
the attention of the House to one of our habits
of legislation which is illustrated by this very
matter.
On the last day of the last session of Con-
gress a resolution of about eight lines was
passed authorizing the President to appoint
one or more gentlemen to attend this Vienna
exposition; and now I read the last line,
"provided that such appointment shall not
impose upon this Government any liability for
the expenses which they may incur." Now,
anybody knows that a little bill of seven or
eight lines, which permits the President to
appoint one or more persons to attend this
exposition in a sort of official or semi-official
capacity, without pay and without expense to
the Government—such a bill as that will en-
counter very little opposition in this House.
That little bill having been passed, the Presi-
dent having appointed those who were willing
to go abroad for the honor of it, one perhaps
who would go any way, we are now called upon
to say that we ought not to send people abroad
at their own expense, that they ought not to be
called upon to go abroad unless they are backed
up with money enough to make the whole thing
creditable to this country.
Now, that is right, and I am in favor of a
reasonable appropriation. But I do insist
that this House should not be taken by sur-
prise in this method of legislation. This is
not legs than the third or lourth instance of
this sort that has come to the Committee on
Appropriations within the past few days.
The measures got through without debate,
because they appeared to authorize and did
authorize no expenditures ; but they finally
involved us in a sort of moral obligation to
make an appropriation.
Now, this sum in bulk of $100,000 which
is being pressed upon our consideration is
not limited or restricted by anything in this
bill which I have been able to see. It does
not say whether the appropriation is for sala-
ries, for expenses of the commission, for trans-
portation, or for what other purpose. It appro-
, priates a sum in gross to be disposed of by
' the Secretary of State.
Now, in order that I may not be misunder-
stood, I propose to vote for this appropriation ;
but I do hope that the House will help me in
seeing to it that we shall all take it upon our-
selves to see to it, that we are not taken by
surprise in legislation of this sort, and that
whenever a commission of the United States ,
is proposed, the question of cost shall be de-
termined then ana there and fixed finally. I
only make these remarks as a suggestion.
Mr. BANKS. With the gentleman's per-
mission I will cite a precedent which avoided
the difficulty of which he speaks. In the case
of the Paris exposition of 1867 there was
just such abill passed in regard to the appoint;
ment of commissioners; their appointment
was not to occasion any expense to the Gov-
ernment, but an aggregate appropriation of
$200,000 was made, and after the whole thing
was completed, after the expenses of the com-
missioners and all our other expenses con-
nected with the exposition were paid, there
was a surplus of one, two, or three thousand
dollars of that appropriation remaining in the
Treasury. The Committee on Appropriations
was not called upon to report any deficiency
growing out of that appropriation; aud the
same thing will occur under this bill.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. My trouble is not
that there are no precedents for this, but that
there are too many. We ought not to permit
this method of disposing of our public funds.
Mr. MORGAN. Mr. Speaker, my princi-
pal objection to the making of this appropria-
tion is not so much the amount proposed as
the purposes for which the appropriation is to
be made. In regard to the amount, however,
it may be well to remark that according to
the Scientific American the sum appropriated
for the same purpose by the Government of
Great Britain is only $30,000. That journal,
in a very able article reviewing this subject,
says that in England the cost of the British
exposition at the world's fair at Vienna will
be borne by private individuals who propose
there to exhibit their inventions and manufac
tures; and in this respect it would be well for
us to follow the example of England.
The bill proposes that two vessels belonging
to the Navy shall transport to Austria the
articles proposed to be exhibited by citizens
of the United States, and the exhibitors should
not have asked for more, and as they do ask
for more it should be refused.
What is the object of this exposition ? What
is this exposition? It is in point of fact an
advertisement of the manufacturers and in-
ventors of the different countries who think
proper to take part in it. It is for the benefit
of individual enterprise. It is not for the
benefit of the United States, but of individual
citizens, who expect to reap great benefits from
the exposition of their various commodities.
Why is it more proper to make an appropria-
tion of $100,000 to advertise the inventions
and manufactures of America in Europe by
sending them tljere than it would be to appro-
priate $100,000 to pay for advertising these
inventions and manufactures in the journals of
Europe or of our own country ? If an appro-
priation be right in the one case, it would not
be less wise or less justifiable in the other.
It is true that as our manufactures improve
and as important inventions are made the
whole country derives a general benefit, but I
maintain it is no part of the province of the
Government, and we have no authority con-
ferred upon us by the Constitution, to make
an appropriation for the purpose of advertis-
ing the wares, products, or manufactures of
individuals. Suppose that such an exposition
should be held in the city of Washington or
New York, or at any other point for the entire
United States, would it be claimed that Con-
gress should make an appropriation to trans-
Eort to the point where the exposition was to
e held the articles to be exhibited? Was it
ever maintained in any State of our entire
Union that a State Legislature 'should make
an appropriation for the purpose of conveying
the products of manufacturers, &c., from the
different counties of the State to its State fair ?
No such appropriation has ever been made in
any State of the Union ; yet our State fairs are
always crowded with specimens of all that
is raised or manufactured within its limits.
Instead of being an advantage to our people,
such appropriations do harm. Let our people
know that for individual success they must
depend upon individual enterprise, individual
merit, individual energy, and that they are not
to bo nursed by the Government, so that the few
! may be enriched at the cost of the great body
of the people.
1 hold in my hand an extract from the
Scientific American, a publication of distin-
guished ability, on this subject, and I ask the
attention of the House while I read :
"The lierlin correspondent of tho Ohroniqiic dr
says that Germany will have seven thou-
sand eight hundred and sixty-one exhibitors in the
Vienna show. In Group thirteen, machinery, seven
hundred and sixty-three well-known firms are
entered.
"A very large proportion of the above arc of Ameri-
can invention and largely manufactured and used in
Europe. Fifty-five exhibitors of sewing machines,
from Germany alone, cover very noarly all the pat-
terns in existence. Those made by such prominent
houses as Wheeler & Wilsou and Singer yield a
yearly profit of millions."
And while these inveutors yearly acquire a
profit of millions through the protection secured
to them by our patent laws, they now ask us
to tax the people $100,000 for advertising pur-
poses in Europe.
This journal goes on :
" Is there any necessity for the country, already
burdened with a too large national debt, to waste
funds which ought to be applied in reducing the
yearly interest on the same, on such immensely
wealthy corporations as the above, or to pay a com-
missioner and a host of assistants to collect articles
already entered tor exhibition ?"
Let the wealthy citizens ofthe United States,
who desire their property to be exhibited io
to the world at the Austrian fair, contr bute m
fund for thiU purpose, as has been done n
England.
Mr. Speaker, there is another objection to
this appropriation. It is proposed to impose
a tax of $100,000 upon the agricultural dis-
tricts for the benefit of the manufacturing dis-
tricts of the East. It is proposed to impose
this tax on the State of Ohio and other west-
ern and southern States for the benefit of
Pennsylvania and Massachusetts. Such legis-
lation is not just, nor does it come within the
limits of the Constitution ; and in the name
of our agricultural districts and our agricul-
tural people, I protest against this species of
legislation for the benefit of the few at the
expense of the great bulk of the people.
Having briefly stated these objections, I
close my remarks by moving to amend the bill
by striking out the appropriation of $100,000.
Mr. HOAR. I move the following amend-
ment :
That the President be authoriied to appoint a
number of practical artisans, not exceeding twelve,
who shall at!,end said exhibition and report their
doings and observations to him, and whose actual
and necessary expenses shall be paid from said fund.
Mr. Speaker, I am quite sure my colleague,
[Mr. Banks,] chairman of the Committee
on Foreign Affairs, will assent to that amend-
ment when brought to his notice. He knows
very well that at the great French exposition
of 1867 there was no more useful or interest-
ing feature than the attendance of a number
of practical British artisans, some of them
selected from the humblest occupations of
life, who attended that, exposition under the
authority of the Society of Arts, and whose
report is a model among the public documents
ofthe world, both for clear, accurate, vigorous
style, and for the calmness and wisdom of its
observations and its results. In consequence
of the success of that measure, I am informed,
nearly every principal Government in Europe
proposes to send, by public authority, a com-
mission of artistfhs, such as this amendment
provides for, to this Vienna exposition. This
provides for sending a number not exceeding
twelve, their actual and reasonable expenses
only to be paid by the Department, who shall
report to the Government the result of their
observations. All them are to be practical
artisans. I suppose some ten or twelve thou-
sand dollars will cover the expense of this
