2178
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
had passed the following bills without amend-
ment:
A bill (S. No. 097) to authorize the Little
Rock, Pine Bluff, and Arkadelphia Southwest-
ern Railroad Company to construct a bridge
over the Ouachita river at or near Arkadelphia,
Arkansas ;
A bill (S. No. 627) to place colored persons
who enlisted in the Army on the same footing
as other soldiers as to bounty and pension ;
A bill (S. No. 680) to encourage the growth
of timber on western prairies ;
A bill (S. No. 809) to establish an assay
office at Helena, in the Territory of Montana ;
A bill (S. No. 950) authorizing the Kansas
Valley National Bank of Topeka, in the State
of Kansas, to change its name to the First
National Bank of Topeka;
A bill (S. No. 999) to authorize inquiries
into the causes of steam-boiler explosions ;
A bill (S. No. 1016) to extend the works of
the Georgetown Gas-Light Company ;
A bill (S. No. 1301) to enable Richard A.
Stewart to make application to the Commis-
sioner of Patents for the extension of letters-
patent for an improvement in clarifying and
defecating cane juice; and
A bill (S. No. 1318) to authorize certain
postmasters to deposit public moneys in na-
tional banks.
The .message also announced that the House
had passed the bill (S. No. 450) to secure
homesteads to actual settlers on the public
domain, with amendments in which it re-
quested the concurrence of the Senate; and
the bill (S. No. 957) supplemental to the act
of February 9, 1821, incorporating the Colum-
bia College in the District of Columbia, with
an amendment in which it requested the con-
currence of the Senate.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message also announced that the
Speaker of the House had signed the follow-
ing enrolled bills; and they were thereupon
signed by the Vice President:
A bill (H. It. No. 3625) to amend an act
entitled "An act governing the colored schools
of the Di-itrict, of Columbia
A bill (H. It. No. 1130) to provide for the
purchase, by the Secretary of War, of lands
for the United States in the Slate of Texas
for the sites of forts and military posts ;
A bill (H. R. No. 2431) granting a pension
to John Davis, corporal of the night-watch on
board the United Stales ship Octorara;
A bill (H. R. No. 2523) granting a pension
to Henry Itieman ;
A bill (II. R. No. 2534) granting a pension
to Cordelia C. Dougherty ;
A bill (II. R. No. 3443) for the relief of
Edmund Jussen ;
A bill (H. R. No. 3470) to amend an act
entitled ''An act granting the light of way to
the Walla-Walla and Columbia River Railroad
Company, and for other purposes," approved
March 3, 1869 ;
A bill (H. R. No. 3954) to relieve William
Smith, of Fauquier county, Virginia, of his
political disabilities;
A bill (H. R. No. 1271) to amend an act
entitled "An act granting a pension to Phcebe
Sofieid, widow of Lewis Sofield;"
A bill (II. R. No. 2555) granting increase
of pension to Robert S. Dumont;
A bill (H. R. No. 2767) granting a pension
to Ardella D. Wartield and Lindsley N. War-
field ;
A bill (H. R. No. 2874) to restore Absalom
Kirby as second assistant engineer in the
Navy ;
A bill (H, R,, No. 3622) supplemental to an
act entitled " An act granting the right of way
through the public lands for the construction
of a railroad from Sail Lake to Portland,
Oregon," approved April 12,1872;
A bill (H. R. No. 3611) to remove the legal
disabilities of Shelton F. Leake, of Albemarle
county, Virginia;
A bill (H. R. No. 4068) to enable the Sec-
retary of War to pay the expenses incurred in
suppressing the Indian hostilities in the Ter-
ritory of Montana in the year 1867, (changed
from House joint resolution No. 23 ;)
A bill (H. R. No. 2138) granting a pension
to Zenas Bradley, of Alleghany county, New
York?
A bill (H. R. No. 2479) granting a pension
to Annie Marie Bailey ;
A bill (H. R. No. 694) to prevent cruelty to
animals while in transit by railroad or other
means of transportation within the United
States;
A bill (H. R. No. 1207) granting an increase
of pension to Warren Raymond, a soldier of
the war of 1812;
A bill (H. R. No. 1891) to amend an act
entitled " An act to establish the Department
of Justice, and for other purposes;"
A bill (H. R. No. 2453) granting a pension
to Rosa Wallaner;
A bill (H. R. No. 2516) granting a pension
to Ivory F. Snow;
A bill (H. R. No. 2539) for the relief of
Frederick Walter, company A fourth United
States artillery ;
A bill (H. R. No. 2958) granting a pension
to Joseph Geer;
A bill (H. No. 2859) to regulate the taking
of testimony in certain cases ;
A bill (H. R. No. 4033) authorizing the
construction of a bridge across the Mississippi
river at St. Louis, in the State of Missouri;
A bill (H. R. No. 187) to amend an act en-
titled "An act to prevent smuggling, and for
other purposes," approved July 18, 1806;
A bill (H. R. No. 3855) for the relief of
Josiah Morris and J. F. Johnson ;
A bill (H. R. No. 3593) to confirm to Wil-
liam Marvin the title to seven thousand acres
of land in the State of Florida; and
A bill (H. R. No. 3498) making appropri-
ations for the service of the Post Office De-
partment for the year ending June 30, 1874.
LEGISLATIVE, ETC., APPROPRIATION BILL.
The Senate resumed the consideration of
the report of the committee of conference on
the disagreeing votes of the two Houses on
the bill (H. R. No. 2991) making appropri-
ations for the legislative, executive, and judi-
cial expenses of the Government for the year
ending June 30, 1874, and for other purposes.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Mr. President,
I think the difficulty in this case lies in the
true interpretation of what we understand by
instructing a committee of conference. Now
that when the Senate undertake to appoint a
committee of conference they can signify their
wishes in a particular direction, I do not
doubt; but the difficulty with me is whether
this is that question at all. The Senate with-
out instructing its committee sent it to the
House of Representatives for a full and free
conference. That conference has been had.
The result of that conference has been embod-
ied in a report and presented here. Now the
proposition is to recommit the result of that
conference, the report of the conferees, with
an instruction, if it means anything, to make
it other than what it is, and that by the dicta-
tion of the Senate. Is that practicable? 1
think not.
But, Mr. President, I said that I did not
rise to argue the question, but I rise to see if
there is any way by which to make a sugges-
tion by which we can cut this complication
and vote so as to facilitate the proceedings.
This is a double question, first to recommit,
second with instructions. I move to divide
the question, and the question being divided,
the first vote will be on recommittal, thus bring-
ing the Senate to the consideration of that
question independent of instructions.
The "VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Maine demands a division of the ques-
tion. The first question is on the appeal taken
by the Senator from Illinois from the decision ;
of the Senator from Vermont when he occu-
pied the Chair.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Are we not ready to
vote on that? That would end it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I desire to in-
quire of the Chair whether the five-minutes
rule applies to this question?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It certainly does,
because the question grows out of the appro-
priation bill. The five-minutes rule has been
ordered to apply to this bill; but no Senator
has required the enforcement of it to-night,
and therefore the Chair did not stop the debate.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Then I take
this opportunity to say that hereafter I shall
call on the Chair to enforce that rule. While
the Chair was defining its own position or it
was being combatted, I did not feel inclined
to do it; but hereafter I give notice I will ask
the Chair to enforce the rule.
Mr. STEWART. I hope we shall soon get
to a vote on this question of order. On a
question of order we always vote on the merits
of the case. The Chair rules on every ques-
tion of order according to the parliamentary
law; but when it is submitted to the Senate
they will always vote as they want the final
result to bo reached. I never have taken part
in these discussions, but I have observed for a
long time the action of the Senate in such
cases, which I think is almost uniform.
If you compare the vote on the appeal from
the decision of the Chair with the subsequent
vote that follows on the proposition, you will
find them generally identical. There is great
uniformity in that regard. Consequently, if
anything is established by the question of order
submitted to the Senate it is this: that when a
point of order is submitted to the Senate, it is
with each Senator to determine that course of
procedure which he thinks will reach the re-
sult he desires to attain.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. I wish to
inquire of the Chair what occurred between
himself and the honorable Senator from
Maine in reference to the right to have this
question divided ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. This being a
motion to recommit with instructions, I asked
to have the question divided so that we might
vote first on the motion to recommit alone.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. Did I
further understand the Chair to say that the
five-minutes rule applied to this debate?
The VICE PRESIDENT. That rule does
apply to this bill.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. We have
presented to us a most important proposition.
This conference report contains I suppose
fifty disagreements upon distinct subjects, and
if the ruling of the Chair is not sustained we
have to vote upou the whole of them en masse,
without havinga distinct expression of opinion
upon either, and are only allowed five min-
utes to discuss them all. What is the result?
Gentlemen will be willing probably to vote for
the whole report, objecting it may be to the
very proposition that is now pervading the
minds of this House.
Mr. CAMERON. I rise with great reluc-
tance to call the Senator from Maryland to
order. I think he is entirely out of order.
This is no hour of the night, within a quarter
of an hour of midnight, to be making
' Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. I am sure
I have not trespassed much on the time of
the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. An-
thony in the chair.) What is the point of
order of the Senator from Pennsylvania ?
Mr. CAMERON. That the Senator from
Maryland is speaking on the merits of the prop-
osition and not on the point of order.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. I am
showing the logicnl reason for the ruling of
the Chair upon a question of this kind.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Maryland is iu order.
