1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
255
amendment. It does not oblige the President
to send even that number.
Mr. BANKS. That subject was under con-
sideration by the committee, and would have
been readily assented to by every member if it
were not necessary to limit the expeuses of
this commission. 1
Mr. HOAR. My time is not yet exhausted.
Mr. BANKS. I thought my colleague had
finished. !
Mr. HOAR. I am quite sare on the ex- j
ainination of this amendment it will meet with
general approval. I am quite sure whatever
may be said it must, and does, meet with the
approval of my colleague, and if necessary to
add the small sum of ten or twelve thousand
dollars for this purpose, it seems to me the
House would not hesitate in view of the expe-
rience of other Governments.
As I was saying, every important Govern-
ment in Europe—England, France, Switzer-
land, even Spain—has already determined to
send a commission composed of practical arti-
sans of this character. I am quite sure that
the result reported to this Government will be
one of the most valuable commentaries upon
this great exposition, and will be worth far
more than the observations of theorists, of
philanthropists, of men of scienoe.
Mr. BANKS. I should not object to the (
proposition of my colleague, but the expense
of what he proposes cannot be paid out of tbe
appropriation we ask.
Mr. WOOD. One of the most important
duties we have to perform here is undoubtedly
to scrutinize with great care the expenditure
of public money. For myself I always investi-
gate very closely every appropriation and every
proposition to tax the people.
When this proposition first came before the
Committee on Foreign Affairs, of which I
have the honor to be a member, I was appre
hensive there would be Borne difficulty in the
House about making this appropriation, and
so expressed myself. I have, however, investi- j
gated' the whole question, and have reached ,
this conclusion : that it is not only the duty
but the right of Congress to further our repre-
sentations at this exposition to the extent of
its power. Of late years one of the most
effective institutions for the general pacifica-
tion of the nations and the progress and intel-
ligence of the people has been that of these
international expositions. They are now play-
ing an important part in the diplomacy of the
world. They are bringing not only nationali-
ties, bnt the intelligence and industry of the
people of the world, into one common unison
of fraternal accord and concord.
And I hold it to • be the advantage of the
Government of the United States, as well as
of the people of the United States, to show
the European nations what we have accom-
plished and what we can accomplish, espe-
cially at this particular juncture, when immi-
gration has set into our shores to a larger
extent than ever before, and when the indus-
trial and mechanical classes of Europe are
looking wistfully to this continent for new
homes and profitable occupations. I think it
is the very moment of all others when we
should exhibit to the people of Austria, and
through them to the people of all Europe, the
opening thus made in the United States for
their advantage. Now, this exposition is the
largest ever devised, li is larger than that of
London, larger than that of Paris; larger ter-
ritorially, and larger in its extent as an expo-
sition of an international character, than any
other that has ever hitherto been attempted in
the world. And in that part of the exposition
the United 8tates can make a more promineut
.representation than any other nation.
it has been said in this debate that invent-
ors are to be benefited. I reply that the
whole people and Government of the United
States are to be benefited. It has been said
.further that these inventors and others who
■are to take their wares and improvements to
be exhibited should bear the expense them-
selves. Why, Mr. Speaker, it appears to me
when gentlemen say this that they cannot be
aware of the expense attending the transit of
art iclesofthis character from the United States
to Vienna. In the first instance they must
cross the Atlantic; they must go through the
whole Mediterranean sea, must go around
Italy, must go to the Adriatic sea to Trieste,
the only seaport in Austria they can approach.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. KELLEY rose.
Mr. MORGAN. I desire to ask the gentle-
man a question.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I desire to make
a privileged motion. I wish to move lhat the
House resolve itself into Committee of the
Whole to resume the consideration of the defi-
ciency appropriation bill.
TheSPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Keixey] has been recognized
by the Chair.
Mr. KELLEY. I desire to occupy the brief
time allowed me in reply to the gentleman from
Ohio. [Mr. Morgan,] who suggested that the
only parties to be benefited by this exhibition
were the manufacturers and inventors, whose
wares it is, he alleges, intended to advertise.
In making that suggestion I think the gentle-
man was entirely wrong. The inventors and
patentees of the country are the only portion
of its people who may be injured by exhibiting,
and whom I could not advise to send to the
Vienna exhibition unless their rights shall be
guarded by legislation on the part of Austria
or by treaty stipulations. That part ot the
American people most to be benefited by par-
ticipation in this exhibition are those of the
non-populous, mineral-bearing portions of the
country, the resources of which are unde-
veloped and but little known.
Sir, the exhibition offers them an oppor-
tunity to make known to theindustrial and op-
pressed people of eastern Europe the fact
that we have unequaled deposits of all the
mineral elements of manufactures lying in the
midst of bodies of free lands, which may be
occupied under the homestead law or bought
at our minimum rates. Let me bring to the
notice of gentlemen a single fact in connection
with a local fair recently held in Kansas City,
Missouri, at which were exhibited as produc-
tions of the Indian territory, Kansas, and
western Missouri more than three thousand
specimens of lead ore drawn from different
deposits, or which had the ingredients in dif-
ferent association or degree. Make these facts
known to the manufacturing people of eastern
Europe, and you would tempt an immigration
of skill, of science, and of capital, of which
there would be no part of the valley of the
Missouri that would not feel the benefit.
Again, sir, through the wilds of North Car-
olina, in her extreme mountain counties bor-
dering on Tennessee, are found minerals, of
hitherto unknown riches, in quality and in the
quantity found, in distinct deposits. The min-
eral to which I had occasion to refer during
the last session, cornndura, is needed in a
thousand arts, and has been found in Europe
or elsewhere only in straggling deposits or
pockets, and you will amaze the mineralogists
and scientific mechanics who may visit the
exhibition if you will gi^e them an opportunity'
to behold the purity of that mineral as it lies
buried under the hills of North Carolina in
regular measures in situ, and in inexhaustible
stores.
Again, sir, to return to Missouri, let us go
to the wonderful deposit in such strange juxta-
position of all the elements of the finest glass
that are found within thirty miles of St. Louis.
From that wonderful bed of white sand France
and Germany are already drawing to some
extent their supply of this material for the
manufacture of plate glass. Make known, I
say, to Germany, to Austria, to France, to all
the industrial nations of Europe, the exhaust-
less volumes of minerals that are deposited
within the limits of our almost waste lands,
and you will bring to those of our States that
most need emigrants, that most need capital,
that most need a home market for theirsimple
agricultural productions with which their mar-
kets are glutted, the very thing they most need
to bless them and to give them an impetus
toward prominence, not only among the States
of this Union, but among the nations of the
world.
This, sir, is not as the law now stands an
exhibition in which the manufacturer or ingen-
ious inventor can with impunity exhibit his
wares. It is not projected for their benefit;
but it will be one in which, as I have shown,
the mineral-bearing States and Territories are
deeply interested. That gentlemen may see
the scope of the intended exhibition, I ask
leave to append to my remarks the circular of
the United States commissioner to this expo-
sition :
Office of Unitkd States Commissioner
to International Exposition.
At Vienna, Austria, in 1K73.
51 Chambers Street,
New York, November 15, 1872.
The importance of the great exhibition of tho arts
and industries of the world at the Austrian capital
to our merchants, mechanics, manufacturers, and
inventors, and to the nation at large, can scarcely
be overestimated. # .
No expense or effort is being spared to make it
the largest, most comprehensive, and most magnifi-
cent ever held.
The park in which the buildings are being erected
has an area of over nine hundred acres. The main
building, known as the "Palace of Industry," is to
be about three thousand feet in length by eightv-two
in width. This is crossed by thirty-two transepts,
each three hundred and forty-seven feet long by
fifty feet wide. The grand central dome.embracing
an area more than double that, of St. Peter's at
Rome, rests upon pillars eighty feet high, has a span
of three hundred and fifty-four feet, and rises in a
clear unbroken arch two hundred and fifty feet from
tho floor. The department devoted to the United
States, in the extreme western transept, is must
favorably situated, being the one nearest the city,
and therefore directly in the path of the vast throng
who may visit the building upon foot or by the street
, cars.
i The machinery hall is to be a separate building
twenty-six hundred feet long by one hundred and
fifty feet wide, standing parallel with the industrial
palace, but about four hundred feet distant. Our
space in this building is also at the western end.
The hall for the reception of agricultural machin-
' ery, the size of which has not yet been communi-
cated to this commission, is to be erected in another
part of the grounds.
1 A large amount of space in the open air has also
been reserved for our use, on which it is expccted
we shall ercctsuch buildings as may be appropriate
and necessary.
I The entire buildings and grounds will include an
extent nearly six times larger than that occupied by
the exhibition at Paris in 1867.
At the earnest solicitation of the chief manager
of tho exhibition, Baron Schwarz-Senborn, the un-
dersigned is making arrangements to have a model
exhibited of one of our bestcommon school buildings
furnished with desksand seats and all theparapher-
! nalia of teaching. Prom the different States advices
are daily reaching this office that copies of school
books, educational reports, and laws connected with
our system of education are being forwarded to bo
exhibited with the school house, and afterward pre-
sented to the Austrian Government.
There are some features of the patent laws of
most of the European countries which areobjection-
able to inventors. A patentee is required by the
laws of Austria to manufacture the patented article
in that empire within one year from obtaining the
patent, or the latter becomes void. The desire, how-
ever, among the Austrian and Hungarian people to
secure a respectable display of American machinery
and inventions is very strong, and the authorities
are expressing their determination to do all in their
power to protect inventors and patentees against
piracy and annoyance.
Already a law has been passed by the Austro-Hun-
garian Parliament granting the right to every exhib-
itor to obtain from the general manager a certificate,
free of charge, which certificate wiff act as a full
patent during the exhibition, and for two months
afterward, and may then be turned into a patent
by the payment of a fee of lass than eleven dollars.
On the 6th of April, 1872, there was ratified be-
tween the Governments of Austro-Hungary and the
United States a treaty upon "trade-marks," which
provides that any trade-mark used in either coun-
try to designate the origin or quality of any article,
shall fully protect such article, and places American
owners and inventors, when using such trade-mark
in Austria, in the same position as Austrians oocupy
in our country. ,, ,
In addition to this the undersigned has urged upon
the Department of State the propriety of a conven-
tion for the formation of a further treaty between
the two Governments which shall abrogate that por-
tion of the patent laws of Austria which requires
