1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLGB&
the same to Mr. John Lynch, president of the board,
I have to say that X do not recognize your authority
as deputy supervisor to make such demand, nor have
I any knowledge of the existence of any such body
as .that presided overby Mr. JohnLynch, Theelec.-
tion returns received by me as president of the State
board of canvassers are, and will remain, in the pos-
session of myself as president of the State board of
canvassers, in accordance with the law of the State,
and I alone am authorized to hold and open them.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
H. C. WARMOTH,
Governor o} Louisiana.
General James Longstreet,
Deputy United States Supervisor.
It is claimed on behalf of this board that, by the
demand upon Governor Warmoth that he should
produce before them the official returns of the elec-
tions, and his refusal to do so, a loundation was laid
for the introduction of secondary evidence to prove
the contents and character of said official returns,
upon which secondary evidence the count might be
made. Without entering into the discussion of the
legal question whether a sufficient foundation had
thus been laid for the introduction of secondary
evidence as to the character of the returns, it is suf-
ficient to say that if such foundation had been laid
it could only justify the introduction of secondary
evidence to prove the actual character and contents
of the returns, and the testimony before the com-
mittee bhows that the evidence which the Lynch
returning board had before them went to contradict
the face of the returns, to show fraud, and what the
vote should have been, and that in making their
count the board did not rely so much upon evidence
as to what the official returns showed, but upon evi-
dence which in many cases contradicted and denied
their correctness. Among other evidonces, the
Lynch board counted some five thousand affidavits
as votes for presidential electors. State officers, and
members of the Legislature. These affidavits pur-
ported to have been made by persons, mostly per-
sons of color, who uad been denied the right of reg-
istration, and whose votes had been refused at the
polls. In many of them it was stated that these
rights had been denied them because of race, color,
or previous condition of servitude, and many
of them contained no such statements. It is
urged that these affidavits might be counted as
votes under the provisions of the act of Congress of
1870, to enforce the fifteenth amendment to the
Constitution. A brief examination uf that act will
show that this claim is unfounded. By the third
section of that act it is provided that, where a per-
son has offered to register or to perform any act re-
quired by law preliminary to voting, from the per-
formance of which be has been wrongfully hindered
by any officer or person in authority, the offer to
register or to perform the preliminary act shall be
taken as a performance, and, upon proof thereof,
such person shall have a right to vote just as if such
preliminary act had been performed. But there is
no provision in the law that if any person has been
refused the right to vote and has performed such
preliminary act. or offered to perform the same, as
provided in the third section, his offer to vote shall
be taken and counted as a vote. In the twenty-
third section of the act it is provided that if any
person has been defeated in obtaining an office by
reason of such dental to any person or persons of
the right to vote, on account of race, eolor, or pre-
vious condition of servitude, such person may
bring a suit in the courts of the United States tot re-
cover the offiee; but the section expressly provides
that its benefits shall not extend to candidates for
the State Legislature, for Congress, or for electors
for President and Vice President. The section
clearly contemplates a suit in court, to which the
peisonwho, it is claimed, has been fraudulently
elected, shall be made a party, and that upon legal
proof that the plaintiff has been deprived of his
election by the exclusion of persons from voting on
account of race, color, or previous condition ot
servitude, he shall be entitled to recover the
office.
The statute of Louisiana authorizes the super-
visors of registration in the parishes, or thecommis-
sioners of election, to make affidavit in regard to
any violence, tumult, fraud, or bribery by which a
fair election has been prevented, which shall be for-
warded to the returning board, along with the re-
turns. and upon which the returning board may re-
jectthevote of a poll in makingthecount; and if the
evidence of the officers of the election is not sufficient
to satisfy the minds of the returning board in regard
to the matters charged they arc authorized to send
for persons and papers and take further testimony
upon the matter; but they have no authority to
make such investigation unless the foundation is
first laid by the sworn statements of the officers of
the election, as before mentioned. The Lynch board,
in making their count without having the sworn
statements of theoflicersof the election to give them
jurisdiction to investigate, received affidavits, the
statements of supervisors of election appointed
under the act of Congress, letters and verbal state-
ments upon which they assumed the authority, in
some cases, to reject the entire vote of parishes, and
in many instances to throw out the voto of particu-
lar polls and wards, and in others to estimate and
fix the vote at about what they supposed it ought to
be from their knowledge of the political status ot
the parish or locality. The evidence submitted to
the board, and which has been described to the
committee, undoubtedly produced the conviction
in their minds that the election had been an oigan-
ized fraud. Governor Warmoth, under the aet ot
1K70, had the whole machinery of the election
m his. own hand?. He had the appointment of
the^ supervisors of registration in the different
parishes, and they the appointment of commis-
sioners of election, and those officers, with but
few exceptions, w,ere appointed from the ranks
of those who were opposed to the Republican party,
and we think, from the informal evidence before
the returning board and from what this committee
has learned in the course of this investigation, there
is little doubt that those advantages were used to
the utmost, and every means resorted to in order to
•secure the triumph of the parts "rith which Gov-
ernor Warmoth was acting. Great difficulties were
thrown in the way of registration; Republicans in
many parishes were put to great inconvenience to
find the registrar, and in many instances were un-
able to do so ; places of registering and of voting in
many parishes were fixed at points remote from the
eenters of population, often without notice of the
place being given; false registration papers, double
voting, stuffing ballot-boxes, and other frauds and
irregularities, were charged in a majority of the
parishes, and there is not much room to doubt that
the Lyneh returning board were of the opinion that,
upon a fair election, the Republican party would
have carried the State, and had been cheated and
hindered in every way possible by the power that
controlled the machinery ofthe election. But, not-
withstanding all this, the Lynch returning board,
with the sort of evidence which was before them, had
no power under the law of the State to investigate
these charges of fraud and injury, or to act upon
their convictions of wrongs that had been suffered.
The election of the Greeley electors was certified
to by the Governor of the State, but the official
returns of the election have not been counted by
the returning board created by the laws of Louis-
iana for that purpose; and the persons who,in fact,
made the examination and count, had no legal
authority to do so. The election of the Grant elect-
ors is certified by the Lynch returning board, but
that board did not have the official returns before
them, and their election is not certified by the Gov-
ernor of the State as required by the act of Congress.
The committee are of the opinion that neither the
Senate of the United States nor both Houses jointly
have the power under the Constitution to canvass
the returns of an election and count the votes to
determine who have been elected presidential elect-
ors, but that the mode and manner of choosing
electors are left exclusively to the States. And if
by the law of the State they are to be elected by the
people, the method of counting the vote and ascer-
taining the result can only be regulated by the law
of the State. Whether it is competent for the two
Houses, under the twenty-second joint rule, (in re-
gard to the constitutionality of which the committee
here give no opinion,) to go behind the certificate of
the Governor of the State to inquire whether the
votes for electors have ever been counted by the
legal returning board created by the law of the
the State, or whether, in making such count, the
board had before them the official returns, the com-
mittee offer no suggestions, but present only a state-
ment of the facts as they understand them.
As to the other questions upon which the com-
mittee are instructed to report, touching the exist-
ence of a legal State government in Louisiana, and
the admission of a Senator from that State, they are
not now prepared to report.
Addendum by Mr. Morton.
A majority of the committee were of opinion that
no reference should be made in the report to the
decision of the supreme court of Louisiana as to
which was the legal returning board, upon the
ground that the decision was made subsequent to
the 4th of December, when the electors were to cast
their votes for President and Vice President: but it
socms to me that the history of the whole matter
would not be complete and the Senate would not be
placed in possession of all the material facts, with-
out a statement of the character of that decision,
and that the fact that it was made after the casting
of the vote by the electors would furnish no sufir-,
cient reason why it should not be referred to in the
report. Decisions of courts of last resort are made
at the end of causes and not at the beginning, and
are held to relate back and establish the rights of
the parties throughout the whole controversy.
On the 14th day of November, 1872, a proceeding
was commenced in the eighth district court of
Louisiana by the attorney general, on the informa-
tion of the returning officers of elections, to enjoin
what was called the Wharton board from canvass-
ing the official returns and making any finding
thereon, and requiring the returns to be placed in
the hands of the Lynch board. And to this suit
Governor Warmoth, Hatch, Da Ponte, and Wharton
were made parties. This case was appealed to the
supreme court of the State, and by that court de-
cided on the — day of January, 1873. Thecourtheld
that the board consisting of Lynch, Longstreet,
and Hawkins, together with Governor Warmoth
and Mr. Bovee, who was the secretary of State who
had been suspended by Governor Warmoth when he
first appointed Herron, and who had been restored
by a decision or the supremo court, constituted the
legal returning board, and that DaPonto, Wharton,
and Hatch had no authority whatever.
0. P, MORTON.
Addendum hy Mr. Trumbull,
My understanding of the evidence is, that Gov*
ernor Wavmoth some monHis before the election
had removed Boveo from ^ office of secretary of
Sr,ate, and appointed llermn in his place; that on
the morning of Novemberl4 he removed Herroo as
a defaulter, and in his place appointed'Wharton-,
who qualified and took possession of the ofSce~of
secretary of State prior to noon, the hour to which,
the returning board stood adjourned from a prelim-
inary meeting held the day previous ; that after the
meeting of the board on the 14th, and the vacancies
in it had been filled by Warmoth and Wharton, fey
the appointment of Hatch and Da Ponte, Brandon
was appointed assistant secretary of the board.
Governor Warmoth opened the official returns jn
their presence, and the assistant secretary com-
menced their tabulation, but before completing it
the Wharton board was enjoined from further pro-
ceeding by the United States district judge, Durell.
Bragdon, who was private secretary of the Gov-
ernor, as well as assistant secretary of the Whartoa
board, and in whose possession the returnsremained,
assisted by Woodward, who was then assistant secro-
tary of State under Wharton, as he had previously
been under Herron, continued the tabulation ofthe
returns for electors till it was completed, when Gov-
ernor Warmoth gave a statement of the result to the
electors who were electcd according to the official
returns.
I also dissent from the following passages in the
foregoing report, to wit:
" The evidence submitted to the [Lynch] board,
and which has been described to the committee,
undoubtedly produced the conviction in their minds
that the election had been an organized fraud,"
"There is not much room to doubt that the Lynch
returning board were of the opinion that, upon a
fair election, the Republican party would have car-
ried the State, and had been cheated and hindered
iti every way possible by the power that controlled
the machinery of the election."
The fact that the Lynch board undertook to count
in the Republican candidates as elected without the
semblance of an official return before them, and in
some instances upon spurious, forged, and false affi-
davits, as the evidence before the committee shows,
affords no evidence to my mind that they supposed
a fair election had not been held.
LYMAN TRUMBULL.
order of business
Mr. WEST. If it will facilitate the passage
of the bill that was a moment ago under con-
sideration, I withdraw my objection to the
amendment.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I insist on the regular
order. I allowed it to be laid aside upon the idea
that this other bill was to be passed without any
debate, and so I would not call for the regular
order. The bill was taken up and I found I
could not then call for the regular order while
any gentleman had the floor. Now I insist oa
the regular order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator yield to the Senator from Georgia
Norwood] to allow the vote to be taken oa
the disability bill ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. We shall get into the
same difficulty; some amendment will be pro-
posed. There is no safety whatever.
Mr. NORWOOD. Will not the Senator
from Vermont allow us to complete the vote
that was being taken on Friday?
Mr. EDMUNDS. The difficulty is that I
have discovered that there is no safety that an
amendment will not be offered, then it will
lead to debate and so we shall be delayed still
longer.
Mr. NORWOOD. Let me say to the Sen-
ator that the bill is on its third reading and is
not amendable.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The question is, shall the
bill be read the third time? and it is open to
amendment.
the geneva awalld.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Vermont insists on the regular order,
and the bill (S. No. 1203) creating a com-
mission to adjust the compensation of the
several claimants for damages for depredations
by rebel cruisers, to be discharged out of the
indemnity fund awarded by the tribunal of
arbitration at Geneva, to be paid by Great
Britain to the United States, is before the
Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, the
pending question being on the amendment of
the Senator from Ohio [Mr, Thurman] to the
amendment in the nature of a substitute re-
ported by the ComrQiU.ee on the Judiciary.
' Mr. FUELINGHUYSEN, Mr, President,
as one of the Committee on the Judiciary, who
recommend this hilt, I feel the obligation to
state very briefly my reasons for such
mentation*
