1220
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 10,
I sympathize with the sentiment expressed
by the Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Thurman,]
that in this distribution we should have regard
to national honor, and would add that in this
distribution of a relief fund, surrounded as we
are by thousands who are depleted and impov-
erished and burdened by taxation, by reason
of the war through which we have passed, we
should have regard to that higher principle of
stern and equal justice.
An,d to anticipate in a word what will be the
result of my argument, if I may so character-
ize what I shall say, my opinion is that every
dollar of this fund should be distributed for
indemnity, and not a farthing of it to swell
the profits of those who made and profit by
the very transactions for which they now make
a claim. As this nation not only could not
recover, it could not demand of Great Britain
anything more than indemnity; and it would
be most illogical to attempt to pay out of the
fund that which could never have been claimed
to have been put in it.
The statement of the contents of the bill is
its best argument and its best defense. The
material provisions of the bill are these: a
court, consisting of five judges, each with a
saiary of $6,00l> a year, is created, whose decis-
ion 011 all claims is to be given in one year,
and is to be final. The President can by
proclamation extend the term for six months.
Thus uniformity in decision and dispatch in
adjudication are secured.
The bill provides for the allowance by this
court of a full indemnity. That was the ob-
ject of the treaty of Washington ; that is the
controlling word in the award, and of this bill.
T.he bill provides for full indemnity for all
losses sustained, whether by merchants,ship-
owners, seamen, or any insurance company
by reason of the cruisers known as the Ala-
bama, Florida, and Shenandoah, the latter
after leaving Melbourne, and their tenders,
those being the vessels for whose conduct
England was held to be responsible.
?ou will observe that the bill makes as full
indemnity for losses such as it is claimed by
any one was in contemplation by the tribunal
at Geneva.
The bill provides that no allowance shall be
made to merchants or ship-owners, or gains
which would or might have been made had
not the voyage been interrupted. To this we
hear no objection. But here is the objection-
able point. The bill provides carefully that
an insurance company shall be indemnified for
any absolute loss growing out of the transac-
tions of the company in relation to the war, by
reason of these three cruisers. But if by reason
of premiums on its war risks it has not met
with loss, then no allowance is to be made;
and if it has met with a loss the allowance
shall not exceed the loss sustained. The bill
provides for indemnity for losses, and not for
paying profits. That it prohibits profits to
merchauts and ship-owners is notohjected to;
but wherein it prohibits using this fund to
create a profit for insurance companies the
effort is made to amend.
It is insisted that the insurance company
which has made a profit on its war risks by
its war risks, and has paid a loss to the owner
any cargo or ship for damage occasioned
-by the three eruizers or their tenders, should
be put in the place of that owner anci be paid
?Uj°u ^'S as suc'h owner would be paid
had he not the amount of his loss from the
insurance company. It is insisted that we
shall use this relief fund to increase the profits
of insurance companies, and to.do that now,
after years have passed, .when, if it be a stock
company, the stock has lor the most part
changed hands, so that .the allowance would
accrue to the benefit of those who neither met
loss or run risk. If it is a mutual company,
m which the insured reciprocally insure each
other, and it} which, according to the course
of business, accounts are settled an4 scrip
issued at the end of each year, then those who
are now interested in the business of the year
in which the allowance is to be paid never
met with any more loss or ran any more risk
in regard to these cruisers than a generation
th?it is unborn.
It is claimed that we should make this allow-
ance to the insurance companies, because by
the law of insnrauce the insurer is subrogated
to the rights of the insured, and that this law
was a part of the contract, the rate of insur-
ance having been made less because of the
possibility of the reclamation by the insurer.
And it is also insisted that we should make
this allowance to insurance companies who
have made a profit, because it is said that the
fifteen and a half million was obtained by the
United States on the basis of this right of sub-
rogation being in the insurance companies,
and that it would be dishonorable for the
United States not now to pay these insurance
companies.
These reasons I will briefly consider.
I do not dispute the law by which the insur-
ance company is subrogated to the rights of
the assured; but I say that practically, what-
ever may be the theory, the law of subroga-
tion is unjust and unequal. It is the business
of insurance companies to take risks. They
charge and are paid for them. They charge a
premium which will enable them to pay their
losses and make their dividends; and it is not
m fact true that they make the premium less
because of this uncertain and fortuitous right
of subrogation. Far better that the property
recovered should accrue to the benefit of the
owner, and let him pay a higher premium if
necessary. It is true, if that were the law, we
should require some stringent provisions for
the prevention of frauds. It is not a doctrine
which we should hasten unnecessarily to intro-
duce into a statute; but at the same time,
while it is the law, we will carefully respect it.
If the ship owner and the merchant had no
claim against Great Britain, if no vested inter-
est in this fund, then the assured had no right
to which the insurer could be subrogated.
And I insist that the insured had no claim
against Great Britain, and no vested interest
in this fund.
_ Why, the ship-owner or the merchant, by
virtue of one of our statutes, could not even
present his claim to a foreign Power. I do
not state the existence of this statute as a con-
trolling consideration, because although the
citizen is prohibited from presenting his claim
except through the Government, if he has a
just claim the Government, in the exercise of
that morality which controls nations, would
respect his right.
But if there was no such prohibitory statute,
if the ship-owner or merchant wasat liberty to
present and prosecute his claim, the insured
had no claim against Great Britain.
. The rebel cruiser Alabama or its associates
belonging to the confederate States destroyed
the claimant's ship. That was an injury done
the claimant by a hostile force as an act of war,
and the ship-owuer or merchant had no claim
for compensation for the iujury done him.
Whom would the ship-owner sue? The com-
maudant of the Alabama or the southern con-
federacy? Why, as well might the private
bring an action against any confederate soldier
for every bullet-ball and every thrust of the
bayonet that he received. Well, if the individ-
ual claimant had no claim against the com-
mandant of the cruiser he would have no
grounds for a claim against any one who was
the more remote cause of the act of war that
injured him. England having suffered the ships
to be built and manned in her ports, is surely
less liable than the commandant of the cruiser
or the confederacy. A citizen of the United
States has his barn in Pennsylvania burned bj
the rebel forces. He of course has no claim
against the confederates. The United States
had for its own advantage, in order that the
rules which n)odify"eyen the cruelty of war
Wight be respected, recognized the confed-
erates as belligerents, and they were only sub-
ject to public or national law, and if the rebel
troops had received transportation, provision?,
and munitions by a party in Canada, the owner
of the barn in Pennsylvania would have 110
claim against the Canadian party. It is an act
of war. It is true that Canada or Great Britain
is a neutral Power, but the act that did the in-
jury—and that is the point to which we must
look—was an act of war, and is to be judged
of by the laws of war.
Mr. President, far be it from me to hold
that because the claimant cannot as an indi-
vidual look to England, that England is not
responsible for this wrong. The wrong was
national; and consisted in the violation of
national faith by the infraction of the inter-
national laws of neutrality there existing.
What is the extent of that liability? Great
Britain may not have been liable for the pro-
longation of the war or for the destruction of
our commerce. Those claims may be too indi-
rect and consequential for even the nation to
exact. But Great Britain was responsible to
the nation, though not to the citizen, ior the
injnry that violation of neutrality did thos--
whom the United States had under govern-
mental protection, and the proper measure of
the precuniary damages to the nation is thi
amount of the loss thus sustained by the citi-
zen. Even the nation could not demand from
England as to this branch of her liability more
than indemnity for the citizen's injury, and
indemnity to everybody is what this bill pro-
vides.
Great Britain was liable, however, for more
than the damage done to the individual citizens.
It was liable to the United States for its loss
of national wealth, occasioned by the assist-
ance it gave the confederate cruisers, and
that claim was presented tQ the tribunal at
Geneva. That it was presented and insisted
on, the proof is at hand. Why, sir, probably
not more than one or two per cent, of all the
ships and cargoes on our seas were destroyed
by these cruisers, and yet the want of security
felt by society increased the price of insurance,
and that fell upon all the people in the in-
creased price of the articles imported. It was
a national injury distinct from what particular
individuals sustained, and also from the pro-
longation of the war or the destruction of our
commerce.
Is it not a matter of supererogation for me
here, in the highest council chamber of the
nation, to insist that the differences with Eng-
land, and the arbitration in relation to tho.se
differences, and the award of that arbitration,
were not individual but national in their char-
acter? Every intelligent citizen in the country
knows we suffered a national wrong. Public
sentiment was aroused on the subject. War,
if not probable, was at any time possible in
relation to the offense, and the idea that all
the disturbance and excitement in the country
existed simply because England owed a private
claim she did not pay, or that she neglected
to put into our Treasury a sum that would
enable the United States to increase the profits
of the insurance companies that had made
large profits out of the same transaction, is
absurd.
The national wrong was in the violation of
u l8 2f neutrality- No one knows better
than the Senator from Ohio, who so ably stated
his view of this question, that when this treatv
was entered into we had national claims against
Great Britain. But he insists that those claims
were rejected by the tribunal We will see
now that is presently; the admission of the
Senator only confirms the facts, which show
that we as a nation had a claim against Eng-
land. But, sir, the treaty settles this qucs-
T-nP1!01'6 decidedly than any argument. The
skillful men who framed the treaty of Wash-
ington, and carefully guarded each word, doubt-
less had, before entering on their duty, become
familiar with the treaties of the United States
for the last seventy years, and when they
