1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2181
many of them that are able to do it. But we
must in this matter preserve that moderate
degree of salary which will not make office-
seeking desirable for the purpose of making
money and which will be in accordance with
the true theory of the plain republican habits
of our own people.
I think with the Senator from Vermont [Mr.
Morrill] that this is a very great mistake, and
that there is not a member of Congress who
has participated in this legislation 'for the pur-
pose of carrying our salaries back for two
years that will not regret it. I do not think
it is sound in principle ; and while I could
perhaps make as good use of this money in
paying my family expenses as any member of
Congress, I do not feel that I would be justi-
fied in voting for this bill for the reason that
it is carried back and for the additional reason
that it is putting the salary up above the in-
come enjoyed by the very large majority of
the farming community and of the manufac-
turing community, certainly far above the
laboring community of the country, and if we
do strike a fair average, that which we have
now we ought to adhere to.
Mr. CARPENTER. Mr. President, this is
a practical matter; this is business. It is not
a matter of sentiment, it is a practical ques-
tion. The Senator from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Scott] admits that a man cannot come here
with his family and live like a gentleman in
Washington on our present pay, and he thinks
it is not desirable that we should.
Mr. SCOTT. The Senator will not misquote
me. I did not say he could not come here and
live like a gentleman. X said he could not
come here and live in the style in which those
who have plenty of the goods of this world
could live. It is not necessary that a man
should live in the best style to live like a gen-
tleman.
Mr. CARPENTER. There is no doubt
whatever that a Senator could come to Wash-
ington and live on $5,000; he could come
here and live on $3,000; he could come here
and live on a thousand ; but how would he do
it? The Senator from Vermont seems to be
alarmed lest his constituents should get after
him if his salary is increased. I have not the
slightest fear that any objection will be made
by the people of Wisconsin. They are men
of liberal views, men of sense. I have not
conversed with any man in that State on this
subject for years who did not approve of an
increase of our salaries and who did not look
to that as the true reform in the civil service.
Why, it is with this as it is with everything else
in life, if you are to have a position among
gentlemen you must live as gentlemen live.
The expense of living has advanced fearfully
beyond what it was in the days of the Revo-
lution.
This is the consequence of our advance in
wealth, in civilization, and in importance as'
a nation. The'people of Wisconsin if they
send a man here to represent them in the
Senate wish him to live how? In the garret
of a five-story building on crackers and cheese,
to dress in goat skins and sleep in the wilder-
ness? No. When they come here and ride
by the mansions of my honorable friends from
Vermont [Mr. Morrill and Mr. Edmunds]
up on the Circle, see their elegant houses,
brilliantly lighted, surrounded by acres of
pavement, parks, fountains, &c., all built at
the expense of the nation; see them giving
levees and receptions; and if they ride by the
palace of my honorable friend from New Jer-
sey and see Ms magnificence of living, and
then come to the homes of the " poor white
trash" of this Senate and find their own ben-
ators among them, they will not like that.
[Laughter.] They have manly pride; and
expect to find their Senators living like other
Senators. At home they live as weh as any-
body; and they expect their representatives
to live as well as the representatives of other
States; and they have sense enough to know
that if the people are to govern this country,
they must pay the expenses of its government
and the expenses of its officers. The people
of Wisconsin know that the services of a com-
petent cashier of a bank or president of an
insurance company cannot be secured short
of a salary of $10,000 a year. They believe a
Senator ought to have as much brains as a
cashier of a bank or president of an insurance
company. And they are willing to pay accord-
ingly.
The Senators from Vermont may truthfully
represent the views of their constituents. The
Senator from Pennsylvania [Mr. Scott] may
truthfully represent his constituents. I have
no right to say they do not. But I speak for
a people living on the beach of the great lakes,
on the wide prairies of the West; a people
whose cheeks are fanned by breezes which
have come a thousand miles; a people living
on the banks of a river which traverses a con-
tinent; a people whose views are enlarged to
correspond with the face of nature with which
they are familiar. They are able, and expect
to pay for whatever they have. They expect
to be served faithfully, and are willing to pay
a compensation for theservice rendered. They
expect, desire to be represented as well as the
other States are represented. They intend
that iheir Senators shall have as much in-
fluence in the national council as the Senators
of any State have; and they are willing to pay
the necessary expense to secure this end.
What, would be the practical effect of such
social distinctions upon the Senate as must
result from paying low salaries? The old
writers upon government say that there is but
one way to have a republican government, and
that is to fix the salaries of public servants so
that they will amount to compensation for the
services rendered. Nobody claims that the
present salary amounts to compensation. The
honorable Senator from Pennsylvania says
that no man comes to this Senate with the ex-
pectation that he is to be compensated. Why
not? Why should we not be compensated?
Are we the only portion of these forty millions
of people who are to be slaves, who are ex-
pected to toil for an inadequate compensa-
tion ?
Mr. SCOTT. Will the Senator permit me
a question?
Mr. CARPENTER. Certainly.
Mr. SCOTT. I need not ask the Senator
from Wisconsin whether he was not aware of
the law of 1866 when he agreed to come here ?
Mr. CARPENTER. Certainly ; and [was
aware of the power to increase the pay,
[laughter,] and I expected the Senate had
sense enough to do it. I knew both things.
Mr. SCOl'T. I wish to put a practical ques-
tion: if the Senator did come here with the
view of increasing his pay ?
Mr. CARPENTER. Yes. [Laughter.] I
came here determined to do what I thought
was right upon all subjects, salaries included,
I have advocated an increase of pay in every
branch of the public service for ten years. I
have not had the honor of being in Congress
so long, but I have been on the stump in this
country for ten years, and I may say, speaking
ctf the poopi© of tli© West, that 1 know^th©
public pulse as well as any man in the West.
I have always advocated a grade of salaries
amounting to compensation, and my constitu-
ents when they elected me knew that if I had
been honest on the stump I would vote to in-
crease the salary of every public officer from
the President down to a constable. I tell you,
Mr. President, that is the true reformation for
our service ; that this would reform it and cure
the abuses. ''Lead us not into temptation"
is our prayer. " Lead us not into temptation
should be the end which our laws should have
in view ; aud members of Congress, members
of the Cabinet, everybody who serves this
great people should be compensated for such
service. . ,
The Senator from Pennsylvania admits tnat
we are not compensated now. He admits that
we cannot bring our families here and live as
gentlemen do live in Washington. _ Then he
admits that we poor fellows, we "white trash,"
must live on a scale entirely below the nabobs
of the Senate. Well, Mr. President, it does
not require any genius to see and kno#that if
you make these discriminations in social life,
of necessity you force just such discrimina-
tions upon the influence of men in this body.
There is great sublimity undoubtedly in the
idea of rising above all the accidents of hu-
man nature, looking at things in the abstract,
and regarding a man dressed in goat skins pre-
cisely as one dressed like a gentleman ; but
unfortunately the sentiment is not respected in
practical life. Would my honorable friend
from Vermont, [Mr. Morrill,] or my honor-
able friend from New Jersey, [Mr. Freling-
huysex,] if he was about giving a party, invite
even a good man who was so eccentric as to
defy all the canons of society in dress and
demeanor?
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Howe
in the chair.) The Senator's time has ex-
pired. ["Goon!" "Goon!"] The Sena-
tor from Wisconsin has unanimous consent to
proceed.
Mr. CARPENTER. I will not transcend
the rule, though there is much I would like to
say upon this subject.
Mr. FLANAGAN. Mr. President, I shall
vote against the reference. I shall_ do so for
various reasons, which I would assign had I
time; but, sir, I deem it unimportant to do so.
In the first place, I would call to mind the
action of the Senate this evening. After the
introduction of this bill there was a motion
made by my distinguished friend from Con-
necticut to lay it informally aside in otder to
take up one that he had introduced and one in
which he felt great interest; and it is a high
compliment to him when I say that he did feel
a decided interest in it. I go further, and say
that I, too, sympathized most earnestly and
candidly with him in his proper endeavors.
Though I am a decided friend to the measure
that is now before the Senate, yet, sir, being
determined to be just before I was generous, i
voted with him to lay this bill aside, so as to
give him an opportunity to do what? To do
justice to the noble soldiers that responded so
readily to the call of their country to put
down the greatest rebellion that has been
known to civilized man, and one that I always
regret when it is spoken of. I hope the Gov-
ernment will never witness the like again.
But, sir, we did justice to those soldiers; we
passed a bill granting them that consideration
to which justice seemed to entitle them. But
let it be recollected, Mr. President, that when
we passed that bill it was not for future ser-
vices; it was for services long passed, aud
gloriously passed. Therefore it is not remark-
able that we should upon this occasion remun-
erate Senators, members of the House of
Representatives and other officers for past
action, and, I hope, action of merit on their
part. How can you draw a distinction be-
tween the one and the other?
It was said that a number of members were
going to leave, aud therefore they are not
entitled to auything; but only those that re-
main and looking to the future are to be the
beneficiaries. That logic will not do. There
is no equity in it. Always be kind and gener-
ous if you are able to do so, having first been
just; and I maintain that we have been just,
and now we propose to be a little generous
and still assert the idea of justice. We are
just to the soldiers that came forward to the
rescue; we do them justice for meritorious
action. They are not precluded from the mar-
gin that we open up to-night by our action if
this bill is passed, and I have no hesitancy in
saying it will be from the demonstration
already had. The only question is the^ matter
of time to get a vote on the subject There is
nothing else in the way. The mind of the
