258
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 17,
control by the gift of fifty shares of Credit
Mobilier stock, worth $5,000; in a word, that
I should control the whole Democratic side
of the House.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I do not remember ever
to have spoken on matters of business con-
nected with the Union Pacific railroad to any
Democratic member of the House. I refrained
from delicacy as a director of that road. I do
not remember, certainly I never attempted to
influence a member in any way in his vote in
this House.
Mr. Sneaker, when a man thus undertakes
to assail a public man or public men he
should look to his own character ; and Mc-
Comb has not any character, and has not had
any for some years past, as I shall proceed to
show. He was a mere adventurer, reckless,
audacious, and devoted only to Mammon.
There is in the War Department at the other
end of the avenue, or was deposited there
December 23, 1864, the result of au exam-
ination of a military commission investigating
frauds of Army contractors, of which there
were a great number at that time, as unfor-
tunately there always are in great civil wars.
Among those mentioned by the Secretary of
War, and referred to Judge Advocate Gen-
eral Holt, at the head of the list indeed as a
criminal and as a swindling contractor, was
this Henry S. McComb ; and this is a matter
of record now on file at the War Department.
The papers were referred to Judge Holt on
the 23d December, 1864, in order that he
might propose some course of action, and he
made his report to the War Department, a re-
port which I suppose in the excitement of the
civil war, or in the absorption of matters of
vastly more importance to the country, was
forgotten, so that it lies and sleeps there
yet. He is charged by a military commis-
sion with being a swindling contractor and a
criminal too ; and beyond that, if the report
be true, he was no better than a robber—a
bandit among the soldiers of his country—in
time of civil war.
I hold now in my hand, Mr. Speaker, the
testimony of the select committee appointed
to investigate the condition of affairs in the
State of Louisiana, of which the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Scofield] was chair-
man, associated with many other gentlemen
known to this House. In that testimony there
are developed facts very damaging to the char-
acter of McComb. Without reading the testi-
mony 1 will refer the House to the pages where
they are set forth. The document is No. 211
of last session, and I refer the House to pages
475 to 480. It will be seen that McComb
employed one Kimball, of Pennsylvania, to
put through the Louisiana Legislature the
Jackson railroad, and according to the testi-
mony given in this action he succeeded in the
purchase of the Legislature. For it is said—I
quote the testimony of S. W. Scott, who was
on the staff of General Augur in the latter part
of 1862:
"Question. What was the price of a senator; what
did they range at?
"Answer. The amount set opposite the names of
the senators, with the exception of three or four,
was, I think, $60u.
"yusstinn. Who commanded a higher price ?
' Answer. As I remember. Senator Campbell and
Senator Pinch back had $2,000 each set opposite their
names.
" Question. Can you name others on the list?
Answer. No, sir; Ididn't read the list. I thought
it was a disgraceful transaction, and I put it in an
envelope, so that no one should see it.
" Question. Did the list compose about the mem-
bers who voted for the bill ?
"Answer Nearly; I think there were about fifty-
odd names on the list of members of the house.
"Question. How many members voted for the bill
who were not on that list?
"Atuncer. I don't know; I wasn't there when the
vote wag taken.
"Question. Did Mr. Kimball say it cost him more
to cet the bill approved than to get a member to
vote for the bill ?
"Answer, I don't say that. He stated to me that
it cost 880,000 to get it through."
That is, through the Louisiana Legislature.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The SPEAKER. The House directed that
at two o'clock to day, to the exclusion of all
Other orders, the gentleman from Indiana,
[Mr. Wilson,] who has eharge of the resolu-
tion upon the two per cent, fund of the States
I of Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois, should be enti-
tled to the floor.
Mr. MAYNARD. I hope that by general
consent the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Brooks] will be permitted to conclude.
The SPEAKER. That may be allowed by
unanimous consent. It was the duty of the
Chair to call attention to the fact that that was
the special order for this day at two o'clock,
and that hour has now arrived. The Chair
will also remark that when a gentleman re-
ceives the consent of the House to make a
personal explanation, he is entitled to one
hour. Half of that time has now expired.
Mr. BINGHAM. I would ask the Chair if
extending the time of the gentleman from New
York will interfere with the time allowed for
the two per cent, resolution?
The SPEAKER. It will not. That resolu-
tion will come up proprio motu as soon as the
gentleman from New York has finished his
remarks.
There being no objection, the extension of
time was granted.
Mr. BROOKS. Testimony is given on page
480, by the same man, with regard to a muni-
cipal bill where the charter had been defeated.
I quote :
"Question. You spoke of the senate passing a
Had
municipal bill when you refused to pay up.
you defeated a municipal bill the year before?
"Answer. A charter had been defeated.
" Question, Did they have to use money to defeat
it then?
"Answer. I do not know.
" Question. You stated that Mr. Kimball told you
his principal had gone back on him; who was his
principal?
"Answer. Henry S. McComb.
"Question. Is he the purchaser of the Jackson
railroad 1
"Answer. Yes; he has purchased the interest in
that road held by the State and by the city."
On page 498 of this testimony it will be
found that in order to influence the Louisiana
Legislature in the control of this Jackson rail-
road, McComb employed the speaker of the
house as his counsel. Here is his letter as it
appears in this testimony :
President's Office,
New Orleans, March 11,18)1.
Dear Sir: I hereby appoint you my special attor-
ney and counselor to look after my affairs in con-
i nection with my railroad interests in this State. I
| bespeak your vigilant attention in all matters af-
fecting my interests.
Respecfully, yours, H. S. McCOMB.
I G. W. Castes, esq., Attornev-at-law,
| P. S. Salary to be fixed by me hereafter.
i I ask now the Clerk of the House to read
part of the letter addressed by the mayor of
New Orleans to McComb, which I found
among the proceedings of the New Orleans
| city council. Let me state here, in order to
have that letter understood, that McComb
! obtained, directly or indirectly, for his Jack-
son City railroad the control of certain streets
, or alleys in New Orleans, the control of which
seemed to be very offensive to the mayor and
other authorities of the city. I now ask the
Clerk to read the part of the letter which I
have marked.
The Clerk read as follows:
I might, perhaps, have thought your memory on
this point better than my own, and that all hap-
pened as you say; but I recall the fact that a few
weeks after the election of the Jackson railroad
directory ticket, which was made up by you and
myself at two separate interviews, and which gare
you the control of the railroad, your memory proved
so defective that you testified, under oath, you had
never had any consultation with me in regard to the
ticket.
1 must, therefore, insist that I did not make the
promise you state, and must decline to receive any
such alleged consent or permission as a justification
of the company's closing the streets of the city or
taking possession of any part of the levee or other
public grounds.
BENJ. F. FLANDERS, Mayor.
Mr. BROOKS. I have caused that letter
to be read in order to show that in this mat-
ter of oath-taking Mr. McComb was no more
Carticular in New Orleans than he has been
efore this investigating committee.
Now, Mr. Speaker, all these are matters of
entire unimportance provided what Mr. Mc-
Comb has alleged against me is true. No mat-
ter what is his character, no matter what is his
infamy; if he succeeds in convicting me of
having received abribe of fifty shares of Credit
Mobilier stock, to control the Democratic side
of this House, corruptly as he alleges, no mat-
ter what his indecent associations may have
been and character, I am not less amenable
to the justice and punishment of the House.
Mr. Speaker, I do not know that there is auy
law, constitutional, statute, moral, religious, or
financial, which forbids me or any other mem-
ber of this House from holding property. If
it be an absolute prerequisite that every mem
ber of this House shall own nothing except
the clothes upon his back, and shall receive
nothing but his daily pay, the honor would not,
pay for the sacrifice he would be obliged to
make in order to become a member of Con-
gress. I hold and shall continue to hold that
when Congress is not in session I have as much
right to buy and sell ships, stock, houses,
lands, and bank stock as any other individual
in the community.
There is no reason why I should not hold
fifty shares of Credit Mobilier stock, or why
any other member of the House should not
hold fifty shares of that stock or any other
kind of property, although there would be a
good reason why, if a member held an inter-
est in stock or property of this kind, he should
very carefully exercise his influence with this
House in all matters pertaining to that prop-
erty. I have refrained generally from giviug
a vote at all in this House upon any question
in which I was personally interested. I do
not remember that I ever cast a vote upon
any question affecting the Union Pacific rail-
road since I was a director of the road or had
any pecuniary interest in its welfare. I be-
lieve I have refraiued from voting, though I
have not examined the record, for whatever
measures may havecomeup here connected with
that railroad; not because I had not a right
to vote, a moral, religious, and constitutional
right to vote, but because, as a matter of per-
haps over-delicacy, I preferred not to do it.
It isgenerally said, and I expect upon pretty
well informed authority, that there are over
eighty members of Congress directly or indi-
rectly connected with the banking institutions
of the country. I cannot, for one, see that
it is anything to their discredit that they are
so connected. I know of nothing calculated
to damage or destroy their individual charac-
ter or influence in the fact that they have
received honors at the hands of their fellow-
citizens at the same time that they were
engaged in the management of the property
institutions of the country.
Sir, during the darkest hour of the civil war
the firm with which I am connected invested
from thirty to one hundred thousand dollars in
United States stocks. That money was the
result of twenty or thirty years' hard labor on
my part and on the part of my brother, during
which we often worked from fourteen to six-
teen hours a day. We made this investment
at a time when the prospects of peace were un-
certain and doubtful, when the foundations of
all property seemed to be fluctuating under our
feet. It was at a time when gold was 280
and United States stocks only of the valine of
thirty two cents on the dollar in gold. I then
mustered all the resources of my office and
invested them in United States stocks.
But you all know how boldly and vigorously
I denounced the war. I believed it was un-
wise. I thought it ought to have been closed
much sooner by conciliation and compromise.
I do not believe now that it has resulted in any
benefit to the country. But I had such confi-
dence in my country and in my countrymen
that I believed that although there might be a
