1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
un
tify it as the reclamation of certain citizens,
there is a propriety in using it to indemnify
for the losses they sustained; but it would be
a gross unjustice that while thousands of mil-
lions of losses are unindemnified we should
take one dollar of this rescue of the war and
apply it to swelling the profits which grow out
of the very transaction for which this claim is
made.
We should now pass this bill; let those who
were damaged by the three cruisers named be
indemnified their loss and nothing more, and
after that is done, whatever remains should, in
my opinion, as now advised, be ratably distri-
buted to indemnify all who suffered loss either
by these or bv other rebel cruisers.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. Mr. President, I
cannot undertake to answer the arguments of
the Senator from New Jersey, or the other
Senators on this floor, and yet I beg leave to
present as briefly as possible my views of
what would be a just and equitable distribu-
tion of this indemnity fund.
It makes no difference, it appears to me, in
its distribution whether the fund now belongs
to individuals who suffered loss by the British
cruisers, or whether it is wholly a national
fund, received on account of the national loss.
It is a fund in the possession of this Govern-
ment, or which will be in the possession of
this Government, and the question for us to
determine is whether it shall be distributed,
if distributed at all, 80 as to meet the just
claims of those who suffered from the depre-
dations complained of.
The bill as it stands makes a discrimination
in the distribution of the indemnity fund be-
tween those who suffered direct loss from the
depredations of British cruisers and insurance
companies, or insurers who are subrogated to
their claims. It requirers that the loss of
each person of the first class shall be adjusted
upon its own merits. But when you turn from
the individual cases and go to the insurance
companies the bill provides that the adjust-
ment shall take place with reference to the
entire business- of each particular insurance
company which may be a claimant. Now, it
appears to me that if it is right to adopt either
one of these principles and apply it to the one
party, it is right to apply it to the other. If
it is right to adjust the claim of an individual
citizen for a loss unon'a particular ship, though
that ship was insured in part, it appears to me
that it is right for the compauy that insured
that ship to come forward and claim of the
Government the amount which it paid to the
insured, and that the settlement should take
place upon the same basis.
The bill provides that no claim shall be
admissible or allowed by the court for any loss
or damage for or in respect to which the
party injured, bis assignees, or legal represent-
atives, shall have received compensation or
indemnity from any insurance company, insu-
rer, or otherwise; but if such compensation
or indemnity so received shall not have been
equal to the loss or damage so actually suf-
fered, allowance may be made for the differ-
ence.
It also provides that the insurance company
may present its claim for the amount of loss
paid from which the amount received from all
war risks shall be deducted. If it is right for
a citizen to receive indemnity for each specific
loss, I know of no reason why the party that
is subrogated in his place should not receive
indemnity for each specific loss ; and if it is
right to deny an insurance company that suc-
ceeds to the equities of one who has suffered
loss, all claim for indemnity except upon a full
summing up of its business, it must be right
to deny the suffering citizen all participation
in the indemnity fund, unless, upon an exhibit
of his entire business, he can show a loss.
Let us see the effect of this provision of the
bill if it shall be acceded to. Suppose a
vessel to have been worth $100,000, on which
the owner had taken out a policy oi $50,000,
for which he paid a premium of $5,000 to the
insurance company. The owner presents his
claim to this court for the $100,000 loss which
he has sustained. The court consider it, and
inquire how much he has received from the
insurance company, and he shows that he has
received $50,000, and the court allows the
balance of $50,000. He has then received the
full indemnity, part from the insurance com-
pany and part from this indemnity fund. But
the insurance company now applies to the
court, and asks compensation for its loss, and
it shows that it has paid $50,000 to the insured,
and received a premium of $5,000. That is
deducted, and it receives its $45,000, and has
suffered no loss. < This is right as it applies
to the specific case ; it is equity ; it is making
just and equitable use of the indemnity fund,
because it meets all the losses which have been
sustained both by the owner and by the insur-
ance company.
But now, let us see how the distribution of
the fund according to the provisions of the bill
will affect another case. Suppose a man is the
owner of ten ships, and he secures insurance
for a like amount on each in one insurance
company, and of the ten ships only one is lost.
He comes and makes a demand for his loss,
and receives compensation in the same way,
and the insurance company comes and asks
payment for its $10,000 which it has paid on
this loss; but it is required to show an account
that it has received $45,000 for premiums on
other ships where there has been no loss. Now,
what is the effect? Of this money, which, in my
judgment, if not secured for the very purpose
of indemnifying the loser, is yet now to be
used in indemnifying the loser, you distribute
only half, and withhold the other half. It
appears to me that if the insurance company
is required to deduct the premium which it
received from all these risks, then the insured
should have the right to charge all thathepaid
in insurance for the entire ten risks ; but that
is not allowed by the bill.
What I think would be just, would be to re-
quire each settlement to stand upon it a own
merits, and if the Senator fro'ifl Ohio who
offered the amendment to the bill was present,
I should suggest an amendment to his propo-
sition. I suppose it is not in order now to
offer an amendment to his amendment; if it
is, I shall make such a proposition.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Ferry,
of Michigan, in the chair.) A further amend-
ment would not be in order at this time. The
amendment of the Senator from Ohio is an
amendment to an amendment.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. It would be an amend-
ment to carry out that idea that each claim
should be settled upon its own merits without
reference to the entire business of either the
insured or the iusurance company.
british and american boundary link.
Mr. MORTON. I ask unanimous consent
of the Senate to take up and pass a bill from
the House (H. R. No. 3253) to provide for
the appointment of a commission to complete
the boundary line between the territory of
the United States and the possessions of Great
Britain, not. completed under the act of August
11, 185K, to carry into effect the first article of
the treaty of June 15, 1818, I will state as a
reason that I have a letter from the Secretary
of State, saying that the British commissioner
is now here waiting for a commissioner to be
appointed on our part. The bill has passed the
House.
Mr. EDMUNDS. What boundary line is
that ?
Mr. MORTON. Between the territory of
the United States and the possessions of Great
Britain.
Mr. EDMUNDS. They are running it now.
What is the matter? They have been running
it all summer. I will hear the bill read, how-
ever, and see whether I have objection.
By unanimous consent, the bill was consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole. It author-
izes the President of the United States to
appoint the Secretary of State, or either of
the Assistant Secretaries, or the United States
minister at London, or, in his discretion, by
and with the advice and consent of the Sen-
ate, a commissioner, to act jointly with such
officer or commissioner as may be named by
her Britannic Majesty, for the purpose of
completing the determination of so much of
the boundary line between the territory of the
United States and the possessions of Great
Britain as was left uncompleted by the com-
missioners appointed under the act of Con-
gress of August 11, 1856, to carry into effect
the first article of the treaty of the 15th of
June, 1846, between the United States and
Great Britain.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
consular and diplomatic bill.
The Senate proceeded to consider its amend-
ments to the bill (H. R. No. 3258) making
appropriations for the consular and diplomatic
service of the Government for the year ending
June 30, 1874, and for other purposes, dis-
agreed to by the House of Representatives.
On motion of Mr. MORRILL, of Maine,
it was
Resolved, That the Senate insist upon its amend-
ments to the said bill disagreed to by the Houso of
Representatives, and agree to the conference asked
by the House on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses thereon.
By unanimous consent, it was
Ordered, That the conferees on the part of the
Senate be appointed by the Vice President.
The VICE PRESIDENT appointed Mr.
Morrill of Maine, Mr. Windom, and Mr.
Schuuz.
message from the iiocse.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the following bills :
A bill (S. No. 714) to provide for the_ erec-
tion of a post office building at Dover, in the
State of Delaware ; and
A bill (S, No. 1199) for the construction of
a warehouse, post office, and other Govern-
ment offices at Grand Rapids, Michigan.
The message also announced that the House
had passed a resolution directing the correc-
tion of an error in the message of the House
to the Senate on the 23d of January last,
communicating to the Senate the action of the
House on the amendments of the Senate to
the joint resolution (H. R. No. 170) in rela-
tion to the Vienna exposition.
presidential approvals.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. O. E. Babcock, his Secretary,
announced that the President had on the 7th
instant approved and signed an act (S. No.
1317) to provide for the holding of additional
terms of the circuit court of the United States
for the southern district of New York, and
that on the 8th instant he had approved and
signed the act (S. No. 1441) making appro-
priations to defray the expenses of the invest-
igations in regard to the elections in Kansas,
Louisiana, and Alabama.
horace tyler.
The Senate proceeded to consider the amend-
ment of the House of Representatives to the
bill (S. No. 686) for the relief of Horace Tyler.
Mr. SCOTT. I move that the Senate non-
concur in the amendment of the House of
Representatives, and ask for a committee of
conference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses.
Mr. EDMUNDS. What is the nature of
that bill?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is a private
bill, and the House has reduced the appropria-
tion. The Secretary will 'read the amendment
of the House.
