2184
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
plain of it; aud I take it for granted that they
represent their constituents upon the subject.
For my own part I gave notice at the time I
introduced a bill to raise these salaries, more
than a year ago, that I knew that I did it at
the hazard of all my prospects, whatever they
might be, for the Presidency in the future ; for
I expected that if I ever attempted to reach
that high position this would be brought up in
judgment against me; and yet utterly regard-
less of the danger, I ventured to encounter it.
[Laughter.]
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Iowa to
recommit the report.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 24, nays 40; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Boreman, Buckingham,
Chandler, Cole, Conklmgr, Corbett, Cragin, Ed-
munds. Ferry of Michigan, Frelinghuysen, Hamil-
ton of Maryland, Hamlin, Harlan. Kelly, Morrill of
Vermont, Pratt, Schurz, Scott, Sherman, Sprague,
Thurman, Windom, and Wright—24.
NAYS—Messrs. Alcorn, Ames, Bayard, Blair,
Brownlow, Caldwell, Cameron, Carpenter, Casserly,
Clayton, Cooper, Davis, Flanagan, Gilbert, Gold-
thwaite. Hamilton of Texas. Hill, Hitchcock, Howe,
Lewis, Logan, Machen, Morrill of Maine, Norwood,
Nye, Osborn, Patterson, Pool, Ramsey, Ransom,
Robertson, Saulsbury, Sawyer, Spencer, Stewart,
Stockton, Tipton, Trumbull, Vickers, and West—40.
ABSENT—Messrs. Fenton, Ferry of Connecticut,
Johnstou, Morton, Pomeroy, Rice, Stevenson, Sum-
ner, and Wilson—9.
So the motion was not agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on agreeing to the report.
Mr. BOREMAN. Upon that question I
ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CRAGIN. Mr. President, I shall de-
tain the Senate but a moment. I am opposed
to the adoption of the report of the committee
of conference. I hold in my hand a telegram,
which 1 have just received from New Hamp-
shire, which I desire to put on record:
" Manchester, N. H., March 3,1873.
44 In behalf of the Republicans of this State we
look to you to kill the salary bill; if it passes, then
look to the President to veto it. Great excite-
ment here. Wo are beaten forever if the bill
passes."
[Great Laughter.]
So I believe. "Whom the gods wish to
destroy they first make mad."
Mr. TIPTON. 1 desire to ask the Senator
from New Hampshire if his party is not just
on the eve of an election in that State?
^ Mr. CRAGIN. The election takes place on
Tuesday next.
Mr. TIPTON. That is satisfactory.
Mr. CRAGIN. And in about a month the
election takes place in the State of Connecti-
cut, and about the same time in the State of
Rhode Island; and I predict here to-night
that every one of them will go against the
Republican party. I put that prediction on
record, and within two months I shall call the
attention of the Senate to that fact. I begin
to believe that this Congress will never learn
wisdom until the people shall teach them.
Mr. THURMAN. Mr. President, there have
been some very extraordinary things about
this bill and about this raising of salaries. I
think there has been about the greatest leger-
demain in the way of legislation that I have
ever seen, and now at this late hour for the
Senator from New Hampshire to get up and
make an argument, apparently against the bill,
but really to carry all the Democratic votes for
it, is the most extraordinary of all. [Laugh-
ter. J
Mr. HAMILTON, of Texas. I hope the
Senator from New Hampshire will possess his
soul in peace. The Republican party has sur-
vived worse things than this.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on concurring in the report of the committee
of conference.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 36, nays 27; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Alcorn, Ames, Bayard, Blair,
Brownlow, Caldwell, Cameron, Carpenter, Clayton,
Cooper, Davis, Flanagan, Gilbert, Goldthwaite,
Hamilton of Texas, Hill, Hitchcock, Lewis, Logan,
Machen, Morrill of Maine, Norwood, Nye, Osborn,
Pool, Ransom, Rice, Robertson, Sawyer, Spencer,
Stewart, Stockton, Tipton, Trumbull, Vickers, and
W est—36.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Boreman, Buckingham,
Casserly, Chandler, Conkling, Corbett, Cragin, Ed-
munds, Ferry of Michigan, Frelinghuysen, Hamilton
of Maryland, Hamlin, Howe, Kelly, Morrill ol' Ver-
mont, Patterson, Pratt, Ramsey, Saulsbury, Schurz,
Scott. Sherman, Sprague, Thurman, Windom, and
Wright—27.
ABSENT—Messrs. Cole, Fenton, Ferry of Connec-
ticut, Harlan, Johnston, Morton, Pomeroy, Stevon-
son, Sumner, and Wilson—10.
So the report was concurred in.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed without amendment
the bill (S. No. 104) for the relief of Joseph
Lanmau.
The message also announced that the House
disagreed to the amendments of the Senate to
the bill (H. R. No. 4051) making appropria-
tions to supply deficiencies in the appropria-
tions for the service of the Government for
the fiscal year ending June 30, 1873, and for
other purposes, asked a conference on the dis-
agreeing votes of the two Houses thereon, and
had appointed Mr. James A. Garfield of
Ohio, Mr. A. A. Sargent of California, and
Mr. William E. Niblack of Indiana, man-
agers at the same on its part.
deficiency bill.
The Senate proceeded to consider its amend-
ments to the bill (H. R. No. 4051) making ap-
propriations to supply deficiencies in the appro-
priations for the service of the Government for
the fiscal year ending June 30, 1873, and for
other purposes, disagreed to by the House of
Representatives.
On motion of Mr. COLE, it was
Resolved, That theSenate insist upon their amend-
ments to the said bill disagreed to by the House of
Representatives, and agree to the conference asked
by the House on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses tbercon.
By unanimous consent, it was
Ordered, That the conferees on the part of the
Senate be appointed by the Vice President.
Mr. Cole, Mr. Harlan, and Mr. Hamilton,
of Maryland, were appointed the committee
of conference on the part of the Senate.
indians of central superintendence,
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Calendar,
under the Anthony rule, is now before the
Senate.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I wish to make
a report from a conference committee.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Car-
penter in the chair.) The Chair will receive
the report it there be no objection.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN submitted the fol-
lowing report:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the bill (S. No. 1391)
entitled "An act repealing an act for the relief of
certain Indians in the central superintendency,"
approved June 10, 1S72, having met, after full and
free conferencc, have agreed to recommend, and do
recommend, to their respective Houses as follows :
That theSenate recede from its disagreement to
the amendment of the House of Representatives.
FRED'K T. FRELINGHUYSEN,
JAS. HARLAN,
Managers on the Dart of ike Senate.
JOHN P. C. SHANKS,
THOMAS BOLES,
S. S. BURDETT,
Managers on the part of the House.
The report was concurred in.
rents due the japanese government.
Mr. SCHURZ submitted the following report:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of tho-two Houses on House bill No. 2797,
entitled ' An act providing for the payment to the
Government of Japan irom the indemnity fund the
sum due on account of rents for lands and buildings,
occupied by the diplomatic and consular represent-
atives of the United State? to Japan," having met,
alter full and tree conference, have agreed to
recommend, and'lo recommend, as follows: 1st. That
the House concur in the first amendment; 2d. That
the House concur in the second amendment with an
amendment, striking out the word "by," and ad-
ding to the amendment the following words: "jail
and court-house by;" so that the amendment will
read: "for hospital purposes, jail, and court-house
by tho United States in Japan3d. That tho
House agree to the third amendment; 4th. That
the House agree to the fourth amendment; and 5th.
That the House agree to the amendment to the title
by striking out the words "from the indemnity
fund."
C. SCHURZ,
H. HAMLIN,
WM. M. STEWART,
Managers on the part of tile Senate.
N. P. BANKS,
S. S. COX.
LEONARD MYERS,
Managers on the part of the House.
The report was concurred in.
expulsion of senator patterson.
Mr. PATTERSON. I rise to a question of
privilege. Mr. President, I was unfortunately
absent on Saturday when the Senator from
Maine, [Mr. Morrill,] chairman of the select
committee, called up a report which he had
previously made to the Senate, or I should
have asked for the consideration of the subject
at that time. I now, notwithstanding the
press of business, feel it my duty and my priv-
ilege to ask that the subject may be taken up
and considered.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Ed-
munds in the chair.) The Senator from New
Hampshire moves that the report of tl e select
committee upon certain charges against the
Senator from New Hampshire be now taken
up for consideration.
Mr. CARPENTER. It is perfectly evident
that at this time in the night and at this day
in the session it is utterly impossible to take
up that report and to discuss it so as to do
justice to the Senator from New Hampshire
on the one hand and to the committee on the
other. We are so pressed with business that
it is impossible for anybody to examine the
testimony taken so as to form a judgment
upon the case. At the same time every Sen-
ator must feel the deepest grief at the situation
in_ which we find ourselves fixed by having
this matter called to our attention in the last
hours of this session, the grief with which we
deny to the Senator his right to be heard, and
we can only justify it because of the press of
business which is upon us.
Now, I desire to suggest to that Senator and
to the Senate, that although after the 4th of
March the Senator from New Hampshire will
no longer be a member of this body, and the
Senate will have no jurisdiction over him for
any purpose, yet the Senate will always have
jurisdiction over the subject, and after the 4th
of March, when we convene here in executive
session, that matter in some form, for instance
by the introduction of a resolution which will
bring the matter to the attention of the Sen-
ate, can be discussed, and the calm delibera-
tion and judgment of the Senate after an in-
vestigation of the testimony aud the report
can be had. .This will be treating the com-
mittee fairly, and will do justice to the name
and the reputation of the Senator from New
Hampshire, and I trust that course will be pur-
sued, and that he will not press the motion fur-
ther. I am sure, at least I feel very sure, that
no Senator after the 4th of March would hesi-
tate for one moment to proceed to the consid-
eration of th.e report, and give it a thorough
and careful examination.
Mr. PATTERSON. Mr. President I should
be very glad indeed if there were time to enter
into a full discussion of this question. All I
want is a full and fair hearing of this whole
question before the Senate. I know there is a
pressure at this time of the public business. If
I could be assured that the subject could be
brought up and fully discussed in the execu-
tive session, I would not press the matter at
this time. I shall not be here then. This
resolution will not be legitimately before that
Congress. If there is any way in which it can
be brought up then which the Senator can
devise, I should acquiesce in his suggest'on.
Mr. HAMLIN. It may be true that after
the 4th of March there would be no legal
