1224
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 10,
The Chief Clerk read the amendment, which
was in lines six and seven, to strike out the
words "$46,410 42" and insert "$23,566 63."
Mr. SCOTT. I move that the Senate non-
concur in the amendment of the House.
.Mr. EDMUNDS. I think I .shall move
that the Senate concur—I think that is the
better way ; and then let the whole question
be laid before the body.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If the Senator
from Vermont objects, the Chair will lay this
amendment before the Senate at the opening
of the session to-morrow, which is the appro-
priate time.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Very well.
house bills referred.
The bill (H. R. No. 3737) making appro-
priations for the support of the Military
Academy for the fiscal year ending June 30,
1874, was read twice by its title, and referred
to the Committee on Appropriations.
The bill (H. R. No. 690) to amend the
several acts in relation to the northern judicial
district of the State of Mississippi, and to pro-
vide for the times and places of holding the
district courts of the United States therein in
future, was read twice by its title, and referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
The following bills from the House of Rep-
resentatives were severally read twice by their
titles, and referred to the Committee on
Claims:
A bill (H. R. No. 798) to reimburse Robert
Clarke, of Petersburg, Virginia, for rent of
stables by the United States Government;
A bill (H. R. No. 2659) for the relief of
.Amherst H. Wilder;
A bill (H. R. No. 2824) for the relief of
Henry H. Stafford, late receiver of public
moneys at Marquette, Michigan ;
A bill (H. R. No. 3846) for the relief of
Peter Dunn and others ;
A bill (H. R. No. 2985) for the relief of cer-
tain loyal creditors whose moneys were con-
fiscated by the confederate congress in the
State of Louisiana; *
A bill (H. R. No. 3854) for the relief of
Benjamin Gratz;
A bill (H. R. No. 3855) for the relief of
Josiah Morris and J. P. Johnson ;
A bill (H. R. No. 8856) for the relief of the
heirs of Henry Fullenwider, deceased;
A bill (H. R. No. 3857) for the relief of J.
George Harris;
A bill (H. R. No. 3858) for the relief of Mrs.
Emma A. Porch;
A bill (H. R. No. 3860) for the relief of
William Rutherford, of Washington ;
A bill (II. R. No. 3861) for the relief of
Thomas B. Tutt & Co.;
A bill (H. R. No. 3864) for the relief of the
heirs at law and next of kin of James B. Arm-
strong,'deceased ;
A bill (H. R. No. 3847) to restore Captain
Louis C. Sartori, George II. Preble, George
H. Cooper, and Commander R. F. R. Lewis,
of the United States Navy, to their original
positions on the Navy Register;
A bill (H. R. No. 3862) for the relief of the
heirs and next of kin of Colonel William
Northege, deceased;
A bill (H. R. No. 3863) for the relief of
John Ahem ;
A bill (H. R. No. 3870) for the relief of
Mark Davis;
A bill (H. II, No. 3871) referring the claim
of J. Snowden & Son to the Court of Claims ;
A bili (H. R. No. 3853) to settle for the
inventions and patents of William Wheeler
Hubbell;
A bill (H. R. No. 3872) for the relief of
Mrs. Ann Marble, (now Strong,) administra-
trix ;
-A._ bill (H. R. No. 3873) for the relief of
William Zeigler, Norris Haver, William T.
Ashbell, and Courtney Holmes ;
A. bill (H. R. No. 3875) for the relief of
Christopher Weidner. Henry Hegwer, Moise
Bellmard, Louis Pashall, Aaron Grigsby, Har-
vey L. Bickford, and Thomas Stanley, com-
posing the firm of Biekford & Stanley ;
A bill (H. R..No. 3874) for the relief of
Benjamin Crawford ;
A bill (H. R. No. 3877) for the relief of
Anna E. Peale ;
A bill (H. R. No. 3878) for the relief of Mrs.
Louisa Eldis; and
A bill (H. R. No. 3879) for the relief of
Abraham Palmer.
The bill (H. R. No. 3859) for the relief of
William Selden was read twice by its title.
Mr. STEVENSON. I move to have the
report printed in that case and that the bill
be referred to the Commit!ee on Claims.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. There are two
or three other bills on the table which I sug-
gest be read by their titles.
The bill (H. R. No. 3869) for the relief of
George W. Lawrence, of Maine, was read
twice by its title.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. A committee
of the Senate has already reported upon a
similar bill, and I therefore move that this bill
be placed on the Calendar. It is hardly worth
while to send it to the committee.'
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection the bill will be placed on the Cal-
endar.
The bill (H. R. No. 3867) for the relief of
Larrabee & Allen, of Maine, was read twice
by its title.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I suggest the
same action in regard to that bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection the bill will be placed on the Calen-
dar.
The bill (H. R. No. 3868) for the relief of
the Portland Company, of Portland, Maine,
was read twice by its title.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I suggest the
same action in regard to that bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
placed on the Calendar.
the vienna exposition.
Mr. SCHURZ. The House of Represent-
atives has just sent a message correcting an
error which occurred in a previous message
of the House. I ask unanimous consent to
have that message read so as to submit after-
ward a motion to correct the errors which
have occurred.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection it will be submitted.
The Chief Clerk read the following resolu-
tion of the House of Representatives :
Resolved, That the message of the House to the
Senate of 23d January, 1873, acquainting the Senate
of the action of the House on the amendment of the
Senate to the joint resolution (II. R. No. 170) in
relation to the Vienna exposition, bo corrected as
follows: in line one, after the artiele " the" whore
it oecurs the second time, insert the word " second,"
so that it will read, " second, third, fourth, and tilth
amendments," and strike out all after "seventy-
three," in the fifth line, to the end of the sixth line.
Mr. SCHURZ. I move that the message
of the Senate to the House of Representatives
of February 6th be amended to read :
That the Senate agree to the amendment of the
Houso of Representatives to the iirst amendment
of the Senate with an amendment.
Meaning the amendment offered by the
Senator from Vermont, [Mr. Morrill.] That
will correct the confusion.
_ The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion to the proposition of the Senator from
Missouri ? The Chair hears none. That order
will be made.
the geneva award.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (S. No.
1203) creating a commission to adjust the
compensation of the several claimants for
damages for depredations by rebel cruisers, to
be discharged out of the indemnity fund
awarded by the tribunal of arbitration at
Geneva, to be paid by Great, Britain to the
United States.
Mr. SJEWART. I do not propose to dis-
cuss the question of the distribution of the
Alabama award at any length ; but I wish to
express my great satisfaction with one feature
in the hill reported by the Committee on the
Judiciary, and that feature is the provision
that withholds compensation from the insur-
ance companies, they already having received
compensation. It is claimed that the award
in gross was made for the benefit of these in-
surance companies. I cannot so understand
it. If the tribunal had intended to direct how
the distribution should be made, or if they had
intended to express any opinion whatever upon
that point, they would have examined the vari-
ous cases and made their awards and expressed
their opinion as to the merits of the individual
claims. They did not do so, but they made
an award in gross; and we are called upon to
distribute that award in the manner which is
most in accordance with the justice of the case
and the honor of the nation. That is the duty
devolved upon us. We have to vote upon that
question.
It is true that the award in gross was made
on account of the destruction of certain ships;
and the parties directly injured by the destruc-
tion of those ships, if they can be ascertained
and were injured more than their fellow-citi-
zens, should have a preference. It is claimed
that it is the duty of the Government to pro-
tect its citizens, and it being the duty of the
Government to protect the citizens, it has got
this money on account of the injury to a par-
ticular set of citizens, and therefore these
parties should have it. There is no doubt
that it is the duty of the Government to pro-
tect citizens ; but there are some kinds of a
protection in the history of every Government
that at times cannot be afforded. There are
certain calamities that cannot be guarded
against. Among those calamities are the
calamities arising out of war. You cannot
compensate for the injuries of war. No nation
has attempted it; no nation can do it. But
we have attempted here and other nations
have attempted in certain cases, on certain
limited principles, to compensate persons for
injuries connected with war, arising out of
contracts of a peculiar kind. We have at-
tempted it to a certain extent, but it is upon
the theory that those persons have received
some especial injury for which they ought to
be compensated. The idea of compensating
all has been abandoned by all Governments.
Now, admit that this award was made on
account of the destruction of these ships, it
was made to the Government of the United
States; and the United States is called upon
to do justice in the case, to do justice between
all the people of the United States and these
claimants. How do the insurance companies
stand? They went into the business of spec-
ulating upon the calamity that was resting
upon the country. They insured against the
acts of the enemy, and they received compen-
sation for doing it; and this bill provides that
if they have not received full compensation
they may have au allowance. They have
received their full compensation, and they
have charged for it; the merchant who was
insured put it in his account; he was charged
for it, and the community has paid it; it has
entered into the price of every article that
was consumed by the community. The com-
panies have not only been paid, but they have
made money out of the operation.
Now, it is said that these parties who have
been once paid should be paid again, not be-
cause they have suffered more than their fel-
low-citizens, for the fact is that they have not
only not suffered, but they have made money
while their fellow-citizens have been suffering.
It has been paid to them by their fellow-citi-
zens, paid to them by the general community
in the enhanced price of every article that was
consumed. Now they say, "notwithstanding
