1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2185
obligation imposed upon the Senate which
would compel them to consider and to express
an opinion upon this subject; but I feel confi-
dent that from the peculiar condition in which
the Senate is now placed, the pressure of great
public questions upon it, and the period of
time being so short, as the Senator from Wis-
consin has said, it would be utterly impossible
to discuss this question in a manner due both
to the committee which reported and to the
Senator and to the Senate itself. I feel
very confident that there is that higher obliga-
tion, that sense of justice in the bosom of
every Senator which would insure an expres-
sion of opinion on this subject, and if upon a
careful consideration the Senate should come
to the conclusion that such a resolution as the
committee have reported ought not to pass,
they would say so. It could not operate as it
would if it were to pass now, but we can give
a candid opinion upon what we think are the
merits of the case so far as it relates to the
Senator ; and it does seem to me that the reso-
lution suggested by the Senator from Wiscon-
sin ought to be concurred in by the Senate,
and I hope there will be a general acquies-
cence in it, from which we shall understand
that Senators will be willing to give an opinion
upon this subject after this session shall have
dissolved.
Mr. ANTHONY. I quite agree with what
has been said by the Senators who have
spoken. For myself, if this question was
brought to a vote I should have to ask to be
excused from voting. I have no information
on the subject except what I have seen in the
newspapers. It has been utterly impossible
for me to read the testimony or the report.
The same is true, I am sure, of every other
Senator here. We have been pressed with
business during the last fortnight as we never
were before since I have been a member of
this body, and there are but few here who have
been here longer than myself. It is physically
impossible that this subject should be investi-
gated within the eleven hours and a half that
remain of this session, a considerable portion
of which belongs and all of which is due to
business of the utmost importance to the
country.
I w^s glad to hear the Senator from Maine,
whose experience is so great and whose knowl-
edge of parliamentary law is so large, state
that he thought that by resolution or memo-
rial, in someway, this subject could be investi-
gated and could be brought to our consider-
ation and discussed and decided after the 4th
of March. That is due to the Senator who is
charged; it is due to the Senate and to the
country; and I am very glad to find that in
his judgment it is practicable; but whether it
be or not, it is a physical impossibility to
entertain this subject now.
Mr. THURMAN. I think this matter may
be considered after this session, although it
would be a very singular proceeding. This
particular resolution must of course die with
the session and the senatorial term of the gen-
tleman ;who is implicated ; but still I think it
is not beyond our powers to consider the sub-
ject afterward. A celebrated resolution, known
as the expunging resolution, was passed in this
body, and an equally celebrated expunging
resolution was passed by the House of Com-
mons in England, after the subject-matter had
long been buried. I think, therefore, it is not
incompetent for us to consider the subject
hereafter. .
If the Senator from New Hampshire desires
this matter to be taken up now for the purpose
of addressing the Senate upon it, late as it is
at night, and late as it is in the session, I shall
vote to take it up, in order to afford him that
opportunity. If he asks to take it up with a
view of having a decision upon the resolution,
then what has been said is undoubtedly true ;
I do not suppose there are a dozen members
of the Senate, perhaps not halt a dozen, who
have read the testimony upon which they would
have to vote. The consequence would, there-
fore, be that if they were compelled to vote on
the resolution, they would be compelled to do
as they do in other cases, vote upon the report
of the committee; they could do nothing but
follow their committee, and the vote would
therefore be a foregone conclusion. That
would not be just to the Senate ; it would not
be just to the Senator, and therefore I concur
with those Senators who have said there is no
time to consider this subject now and vote
upon it; but if the Senator from New Hamp-
shire desires it to be taken up in order to en-
able him to address the Senate, I shall cheer-
fully vote for that motion.
Mr. PATTERSON. I do not expect to
address the Senate at any length; indeed, I
do not care to address the Senate at all on
this subject. I am willing to leave the mat-
ter, with the statement which I have made and
the testimony which I have given, to my friends
in the Senate. What I want is a fair and full
discussion of the whole question as it stands
in the testimony, and if I can rely upon the
assurances which I have had from Senators
that this mutter shall have fair and full con-
sideration at the executive session of the Sen-
ate, 1 am willing to leave it there.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I desire to cor-
rect a misapprehension into which the Senator
from New Hampshire seems to have fallen,
that on Saturday last in his absence I had
called up the report of the committee in this
case. 1 had no purpose of giving such an
impression either to the Senate or to the
country, and I am quite sure I did not. I did
call the attention of the Senate to the fact
that the committee had made a report in this
case, and distinctly stated that so far as the
committee was concerned, having called the
attention of the Senate to the subject-matter,
it would wait its action, and consider that it
had performed its duty in so wailing.
One word more. My honorable friend from
Wisconsin in his remarks, to which I take no
exception, says that this may be considered
elsewhere where justice may be done to the
Senator and to the committee. While I take
no exception to that, I wish to say that the
committee do not feel that they are a party in
any sense whatever to this transaction. Hav-
ing performed a duty, they leave it, without
the feeling of a prosecutor or a party, in the
hands of the Senate.
With these remarks, Mr. President, I have
no occasion to say anything in regard to what
has taken place in our presence here and at
the present time. It does not occur to me
that for myself or on the part of the committee
I have any observation to make upon that
subject, but await the action of the Senate in
the future as I have in the past.
Mr. PATTERSON. In view of all that
has been said, and the assurance which I have
received that this matter shall have consider-
ation in the future, I withdraw my motion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. After the
understanding which has been had the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire withdraws his
motion.
MARGARET MERKLEIN.
Mr. CAMERON. I desire to make a report
from the Committee on Military Affairs. I
am directed by that committee, to whom was
referred the bill (H. R. No. 4014) for tbe
relief of Margaret Merklein, to report it back
without amendment, and as it is a very small
matter, I ask that it be considered now.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill. It directs the Secretary of the
Treasury to pay to Margaret Merklein $000,
for the payment of loss of property incurred
by her at the hands of the public enemy dur-
ing the war of the rebellion, and of services
rendered by her to the Government of the
United States in saving stores of the United
States Army from destruction by the public
enemy, and in attending upon the sick and
wounded of the United States Army.
Mr. CAMERON. I ask the Senate to put
the bill on its passage, and I send to the desk
to be read a communication from the surgeon
in charge of the hospital at Chambersburg,
explaining the whole matter.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Astor House, New York, March 1,1872.
To whom it may concern:
This is to certify that Mrs. MargaretMerkloin, of
Chambersburg, Pennsylvania, is personally known
to me, havmg.served in United States post hospital
at Chambersburg, of which I had charge. I take
pleasure, and deem it my duty, in testifying to her
general worth, and in the services she rendered in
hospital to the sick and wounded, as well as in hav-
ing been the means ot saving to the national Gov-
ernment a considerable amount of hospital stores.
Mrs M. was actually on duty in tny hospital from
July 30,1864, to December 15,186-4, and during that
time was most kind in her attentions to the sick
and wounded undermy charge. This was the more
noticeable from the fact that from the town having
been almost entirely destroyed by rebels under Gen-
eral John A. McCausland our resources were'limitect
and we had very few to depend upon for those kind
and Deeded ministrations so acceptable to the sick
from female hands. In addition to this, on the
morning of July 30,1864, when the rebels entered
the town of Chambersburg I had about $4,000 in val-
uable and much needed hospital stores under my
charge. I could not get them away and had no
place to secrete them in the hospital building. Mrs.
M. volunteered at the last moment and had them
conveyed to a cellar in her house, where they were
safely secreted, and remainedforsomefcimcafterthe
departure of the vandals under McCausland. Thus
Mrs. M. has rendered valuable services to our sick
and wounded and to the United States Government,
for which she has been unrequited. She is a poor
woman, and her losses in the fire at Chambersburg
were severe, and X unhesitatingly state that she is
certainly deserving of some compensation from the
Government ofthe United States.
I could state many facts more minutely, but deem
these main points all that should be required in a
matter so plain. X trust that Mrs. M. may meet
with success in her appeal to the Representatives
of our common country.
To the foregoing I have no hesitation in making
affidavit before the proper party.
B. R. SENSENRY,
Formerly Surgeon in charge
U. S. Post Hospital, Chambersburg, Pa.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this first day
of March, 1872.
[l. s.J HORACE ANDREWS,
Notary Public New York City and, County.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
STATUE OP GENERAL KEARNEY.
Mr. LOGAN. I ask the Senate to allow me
to pass two little billa that will not take ex-
ceeding five minutes. I report back from the
Committee on Millitary Affairs the joint reso-
lution (H. R. No. 200) granting condemned
cannon for a statue of Major General Philip
Kearney, United States volunteer Army, and
ask that it be put on its passage.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the joint resolution, it directs the Secretary
of War to deliver to the Governor of the State
of New Jersey six bronze or brass condemned
cannon, to be used to make the life-size statue
of Maj<?r General Philip Kearney, United
States volunteer Army, who died in the service
during the late war of the rebellion.
Mr. CAMERON. I desire to move as an
amendment the substance of a bill that I
offered the other day.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. _ This is a House
resolution, and it cannot pass if it is amended.
Mr. CAMERON. Yes, sir; my amend-
ment will pass the other House, I am told.
Mr. LOGAN. I hope the honorable Sen-
ator will not attempt to amend it. In all
probability an amendment will be fatal to the
passage of the measure.
Mr. CAMERON. Very well; I withdraw it.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate without amendment, ordered to a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
PIEK OF OLD ROCK ISLAND BRIDGE.
Mr. LOGAN. I am also directed by the
Committee on Military Affairs, to whom was
referred the joint resolution (H. R. No. 203)
