1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1225
we have been paid once, notwithstanding we
have made money, still we are insurance com-
panies, and by some technical reasoning we are
entitled to be recompensated." It seems to
me that is unfair and unjust. It seems to me
that it is taking from Congress the power, in
distributing this money, of doing justice to the
citizens of the United States, and letting those
receive the benefit of this award who have
actually suffered. The claim of the insurance
companies rests entirely on technical reason-
ing. We are asked to pass a law recognizing
some fiction of law which requires us to repay
those who already have been paid,and leave un-
paid and uncompensated those who have paid
them.
I know there can be an argument made upon
the same principle as. against paying the cap-
tain of a ship who has made money, or paying
the owners of a ship who have made money
out of their general shipping business, for a
particular loss. There may be some reasons
why there should be a deduction; but here
you will have made the business exceedingly
profitable. I think the suggestion of the Sen-
ator from Connecticut has something in it as
against a person who has been in the shipping
business largely, and charged enormous freights
and taxed the community. It such a man has
lost but a single ship, I do not think he is an
object of great commiseration. But because
he is not, and because he has made money and
is not particularly entitled to receive compen-
sation, that is no reason for granting com-
pensation in a case where it is clearly ascer-
tained that the party has already been paid ; it
is no reason for paying the insurance compan-
ies who, it is admitted, have received more
than they lost.
Now, the question simply resolves itself into
this: is there any technical rule ot law that
compels us to do what the common sense of
every man teaches him is an injustice ? I say
if you pay for the destruction ot these ships,
pay the money to tlie parties who suffered
from the destruction, and not to the parties
who made money out of that destruction. If
you cannot distribute it to the parties who
were the immediate sufferers, then put it in
the Treasury, and let all participate, because
all suffered. Every man suffered who bought
as much as a handkerchief.^ That is a much
more fair distribution of this fund. There is
nothing that appeals to equity, in the sense in
which that term is applied in common par-
lance, in this claim of the insurance com-
panies. Every man who votes for it and ad-
vocates it must, admit that they are not spe-
cially entitled. But because we had a sum m
gross awarded for the destruction of these
ships, it is said the insurers are subrogated to
the rights of the insured. .
It will be remembered that the United
States was never a party to that coutract of
subrogation. Suppose you had said to the
American people before this treaty was made
"we will prosecute our claims against Bug
land" for what? To get money to pay to a
set of persons who have already made money
out of the transaction. L>o you think there
would have been the same zeal on the part, of
the United States in prosecuting that claim.
Do you think the people ot the. U nited States
were ambitious to prosecute a claim to the
veige of war nearly, for the purpose of paying
persons who had already made money out of
their coutiact for war risks? Was that all
there was of this Alabama businessil Is the
United States to be the agent of insurance
companies, to make I hem rich when they have
already speculated out. of the transaclnon and
KOt rich—to add to their wealth I is that all
' our effort and all our responsibility, to accumu-
late money in their hands when we had to pay
these war risks by general taxation, when the
enhanced value of everything that was con-
sumed paid them ; and now the Government is
to be at the expense ol carrying on this pro-
tracted negotiation for the purpose of repaying
these companies what the citizens have already
paid them once. Is that the position the Gov-
ernment occupies?
The Government never was a party to the
contract; it never was a party that could be
subrogated at all. The Government prose-
cuted its claim against Great Britain for dam-
ages. Great Britain said : " We will pay the
damages that shall be awarded by an arbitra-
tion to which we submit." The arbitrators
say: "We award compensation for the de-
struction done by certain ships to the United
States, and le'ave the United States to do jus-
tice between her citizens, justice to the parties
who were injured by the destruction of these
ships, and the parties who paid the war
risks." You cannot find all these parties,
because you cannot trace it up, and the fairest
disposition is to put the money into the Treas-
ury to remain until a clearly equitable case is
presented; until some person can present
himself, demanding a portion of this money,
who has lost more than his fellow-citizens, I
will not vote to give him any of the money.
Let claimants come forward who have been
actually injured, and turn away those who
have made profit out of the transaction. That
will be the common judgmentand the common
seuse of the country. If a different under-
standing had been bad, that the United States
was a mere collecting agent to enforce the
claims of companies that had already got rich
out of the misfortunes of the country, if it
had been understood in that light, there would
have been less enthusiasm in the prosecution
of this claim.
I simply rose to express my gratification at
this feature of the bill as presented by the
Committee on the Judiciary. In fact I think
the whole bill is such as ought to pass. It
shows careful examination and research, and
a desire to do justice that commends it to my
entire approbation. I like the bill and have
thought it my duty to say this much. It seems
to me that it answers all the honorable obliga-
tions resting upon Congress, if we cannot
find parties more injured than the insurance
companies which have already been paid, let
the money go into the general Treasury, aud
let those who have paid the taxes, those who
have paid the enhanced prices, be benefited
by it in being relieved from future taxation.
Do not bring to us decisions of the Supreme-
Court as between private individuals, do not
bring in technical obligations of subrogation,
when you are appealing to Congress to do
justice in the distribution of this money. This
is but a relief bill. This distribution cannot
be made upon any principle that any other
distribution of funds can. It is but a relief
bill. It should be given to those who have
suffered. If the insurance companies have
not suffered by the loss of these ships—and
they have not, for they have made money by it-
why should they be entitled to receive a part
of this fund ? If you cannot find that one
man has suffered more than another, let the
money go into the Treasury and relieve by so
much the burdens of taxation on the country.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment proposed by the
Senator from Ohio to the amendment re-
ported by the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. MORTON. I should like to hear the
amendment read.
The PliESIDING OFFICER. It will be
The Secretary read the amendment; wh.ich
was in section twelve, to strike out from line
thirteen to line twenty-two, in the following
words:
And no claim shall be admissible or allowed by
said court by or in behalf ot any insurance compaBy
or insurer, either m its or his own right, or as as-
signee, or otherwise, in the right ot a person or
oarty insured aaaforesaid, unlesssuch ciaiuiantshiul
show, to (.he satisfaction of said court, that during
the late rebellion the sum oi its or his losses, in re-
spect to its or his warriskn, exceeded the sum ol its
or his premiums or other gains upon or in respect to
such war risks; and in case of any such allowance,
the same shall not be greater than such excess of
loss.
Mr. THURMAN, Mr. President, I know
two Senators at least who desire to speak on
the question presented by the amendment now
pending, one of whom is not here, find the
other is not prepared to speak to-day. I hope
there will be no objection to allowing this bill
to be passed over informally, so tbatit may be
the unfinished business for to-morrow, and
take up something else. I would suggest the
Calendar.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am very sorry to be
obliged to object to that. We have only three
weeks left altogether, and long notice has been
given of taking up this bill, and gentlemen
ought to be ready, If we are to do anything
this session we had- better stick to this while
we have it.
Mr. THURMAN. I did not know that until
the report was made by the Judiciary Com-
mittee of the bill anybody could be expected
to get ready, because he could not foretell
what would be the form of the bill. Nobody
could anticipate that.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That was three weeks
ago.
Mr. THURMAN. Furthermore, the truth
about it is that there are still some papers that
ought to be before the Senate, and that we
ought to have. They are being printed at the
Department.of State, I believe—the complete
history of the fieneva award, with all the pro-
ceedings. We have them now in rather an
imperfect shape. I make the suggestion that
the bill be laid aside informally, and that we
proceed with the Calendar. We can get
through with the bill to-morrow easily enough.
Mr. EDMUNDS. We can get through to-
day. There are appropriation bills waiting.
If this bill goes over until to-morrow we shall
be in a crowd a^ain. I am sure that I do not
do any unkindness to any Senator when I
repeat that this bill has been before the Sen-
ate reported from the committee now for three
weeks, since the 22d of January, and notice
was given that it would be taken up at an early
day. The committee have reported it; the
Senator has been heard upon it, and observa-
tions upon the other side have been made.
Everybody understands what the points are,
and I do not see any ground upon which at
this stage in the session, with the business ot
the Senate in the condition it is, we can drop
this bill and take up something else, because
it will take just as much time when we take it
up again as it has taken already.
Mr. CO EBB IT. Mr. President, I should
like to make a very few remarks on this bill,
and especially on those lines which it is pro-
posed to strike out. If those lines be stricken
out, I see no reason why we should provide
for the payment of the losses to individuals
for the increased insurance which they paid.
The statement that those individuals assessed
this extra cost upon the goods sold by them,
in my opinion is a mistake, for this reason:
the commerce of the United States was not so
great as to control the price o.f freights and
the cost of goods. There was a very much
larger amount of goods imported into the
United States in British vessels than m United
States vessels. Therefore, if a United btates
importer paid for his goods imported m Amer-
ican bottoms an insurance ot ten per cent.,
and those goods imported in foreign bottoms
paid an insurance of but three per cent., mak-
ing a difference of seven per cent, for the war
risk, that excess of insurance should be paid
to the parties who insured for their goods being
transported in American vessels. _ If that
party had to come in competition with goods
imported into the United States that only paid
an insurance ot three per cent., of course his
goods were depreciated to that extent and he
had to sell them at that much less profit, bo
with United States vessels that were insured ;
