1226
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 10,
those vessels that paid a war risk of ten per
cent, or seven per cent, over the usual rate,
had to transport goods and merchandise in
competition with English, German, and other
vessels which paid an insurance of three per
cent, only, thereby driving American com-
merce fiom the ocean. One of the great
troubles that our American shipping labored
tinder during the war was the increased cost
of transportation, while foreign vessels were
enabled to transport goods so much less than
United States ships in consequence of the
increased cost to the United States ships.
There is no provision in this bill that I
can see for the payment of this increased in-
surance to the parties who transport their
goods in United States vessels, and for the
increased insurance upon those United States
vessels. It seems to me that this is an omis-
sion which ought not to have been made. If
the shipping of the United States was so great
as to control transportation, if it had seven
eighths or three fourths, then the small amount
of foreign tonnage that paid the lower rate of
insurance perhaps would have raised their
price to that of American vessels. But as
the American vessels and the American im-
portations in American vessels were so small
compared with those in foreign vessels, being
only perhaps one fourth, they did not get the
advantage of the increased insurance they paid
on American vessels by enhanced freights, and
it amounted to them to a total loss. There-
fore, it seems to me unjust to provide that
insurance companies shall receive the excess
of their losses over the amount of money they
received for insurance, because they were com-
pensated certainly to a greater extent than
the American shipper who paid this excess of
insurance.
The striking out of this provision would
leave the insurance companies to come in for
any amount that they might be entitled to for
the loss of these particular vessels. The com-
mittee, it is true, have confined this to the
losses by all vessels, all war risks. They could
not divide it as between the particular vessels
for which the English Government were ad-
mitted to be liable, after they had applied it to
the entire risks, and they are to be paid the
excess of their losses over the amount they
received on the entire war risks during the war,
whether pertaining to these vessels or any
others. It seems to me that if that principle
is adopted as to the insurance companies, then
the parties who paid an excess of insurance
should be repaid the insurance that they paid
in excess of the insurance paid for goods trans-
ported in foreign vessels which came in com-
petition with American vessels. If an Ameri-
can vessel paid an insurance of ten per cent.,
whereas a foreign vessel only paid the small
amount of three per cent., not having to pay
the war risk, it seems to me, if there is any
surplus money it should go to the parties who
paid this excess of war risk.
I know it will be contended that this increase
was paid upon the- goods and the parties re-
ceived it in advance of the goods; but, as I
said before, the amount was so small in com-
parison with the amount imported in foreign
vessels, and we had so small an amount of
shipping compared with the number of foreign
vessels, which were not subjected to this ex-
cess of insurance, that our citizens should be
compensated for this excess. That is the par-
ticular point to which I wish to call the at-
tention of the Senate. I think that is a more
just claim than the claim of the insurance
companies upon this doctrine of subrogation.
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President, I desire in
as few words as possible to express my views
with respect to this entire proposition of ex-
empting insurance companies, or, to speak
more correctly, the holders of the stocks of
insurance companies from being reimbursed
out of the fund to be paid to the United States
as a stake-holder for the use of such of its citi-
zens as have suffered by the depredations of the
Alabama and the other named vessels, under
the late convention between the United States
and Great Britain.
I am disposed to vote for the amendment of
the Senator from Ohio, although I shall as sup-
plementary to that and after it is decided, pro-
pose an amendment which shall reach the result
of reimbursing the insurance companies to the
amountof the several risks which they assumed
to such an extent as that the amountpaid them
by the United States out of what I shall term
the indemnity fund and the premium which
they received in each respective case shall
make them whole.
I believe it to be true that the claims of all
the citizens of the United States, whether
they were individual owners of property de-
stroyed and uninsured against war risks or
capture, or whether they were the subrogated
claimants for the rights of those whom they
had insured, were all alike presented to the
tribunal at Geneva for their award, and that
the record of the claims presented will exhibit
no discrimination, no classification of the
cases, whether they were those that claimed
by right of subrogation being insurers, or those
who claimed to sue in their own right as the
original owners of the property captured and
destroyed.
What reason in law, what reason in ethics,
can be suggested to make the subrogated right
for a claim that was originally lawful and just
less efficient in the hands of the equitable
assignee than it was in the hands of the
original owner ? If there is any such reason
I have yet failed to hear it. 1 do not think
that in the distribution of this fund it is con-
sistent with the dignity of a Government like
ours to stand upon technicalities in its deal-
ings with its own citizens. There must be a
substantial, equitable compliance with the
meaning and the spirit with which we receive
this large fund for the indemnification of our
people.
Now, sir, insurance companies are bodies
corporate under the law. They are repre-
sented by shares of capital stock held by citi-
zens of the United States without reference to
any special class of citizens. The business of
insurance is lawful and commendable, highly
useful to any country where it exists, and to a
young country like ours almost essential in the
absence of accumulated wealth that permits
men to insure themselves against loss. The
business then, I say, is lawful. That it is also
profitable is very likely, or it would not be fol-
lowed, although sometimes, as we have seen
lately in the terrible disasters at Chicago and
Boston, ruin is entailed upon those who have
embarked in it. The stockholders of insur-
ance companies form just as meritorious a
class of our citizens as claimants as any others
that can be imagined or named. Widows,
orphans, all that class that peculiarly challenge
the protection of law are to be found among
the stockholders of these insurance companies.
All, however, that they ought to ask, or all
that I shall ask when I come to consider their
rights, is that they shall have an equal stand-
ing before the law with other citizens of the
United States.
It was said by the Senator from New Jer-
sey this morning that by reason of the exist-
ence of war the business of insurance against
capture by confederate cruisers resulted in
enormous profits to those who embarked in it.
Well, sir, those profits were the result of legit-
imate contracts; those profits were the result
of lawful ventures under contracts inter partes
subject to all the laws and all the equities that
attend any other class of contracts recognized
by the law.
It is said that the profits inuring to these
companies in the shape of war risks were paid
by the whole community in the shape of
•increased cost of premium, and the increased
cost of premium being added to the cost of
merchandise, the whole community, therefore,
was taxed By the existence of war. Well, sir,
the war was not caused by the insurance com-
panies any more than by the merchants. It
was a condition of affairs entirely without their
consent and beyond their control. Therefore,
the proposition that their profits flowed from
war would amount to nothing as an answer to
their right to have lawful contracts made dur-
ing that war fulfilled as other contracts are,
whether made in a condition of war or in peace.
There is nothing in the fact of the existence
of a war which changes the nature of the con-
tract between citizens of one of the belliger-
ents, provided the contract is not attended by
illegitimacy growing out of some infraction
of the rules pertaining to that war. The con-
tract of insurance it will not be pretended
had any such taint. The contract of insurance
was one that was vital, it was one that was
specially needful. When the risk was great-
est, the need to have it assumed pari passu
increased with it. It was when a merchant
investing his all in an invoice of goods to be
shipped under the American flag from Europe
to this country, or from any foreign country to
this, was most in danger of having that all
swept away by capture by some of these cruis-
ers, that he most needed to indemnify him-
self against total loss by the payment of high
premiums to those who would insure him
him against it.
Let me ask, also, when you say that the
entire community bore these war risks in the
shape of the increased cost of merchandise,
what are you to say in regard to the profits
which the merchant made by his extra hazard-
ous undertaking? Are you to force him to
divide his profits which were perfectly legiti-
mate, but profits which were the result of the
war and of risks which he chose to run and
which others did not; because the proposi-
tion, if it is true at all, must be carried to its
natural and inevitable results?
Let me illustrate this. There is a large
class of men engaged in the commerce of the
world who have sufficiently accumulated prop-
erty to enable them to become self-insurers.
I could point to many well-known, long-estab-
lished shipping firms in the United States who
never insure their vessels against maritime
disasters; and why? Because their business
is so extensive that they can afford to take the
risk themselves; and I have known one per-
sonally, and I believe by repute two or three
of the oldest and most successful lines between
this country and Europe, where no premium
of insurance was ever paid, but, where the ex-
tent of the business allowed, the parties them-
selves became their own insurers, and the
amount that they saved in premiums enabled
them to replace the losses as they occurred ;
and not only had that effect, but other matters
running with it, it was found that greater care
was induced on the part of those whom they
employed when they found that the loss, if
any, was to come upon the employer and not
upon some third party who for the premium
had taken the risk. But never mind the war
risks; the fact stands that large numbers of
of ship-owners of the United States, especially
those who are most wealthy and whose busi-
ness is most extended, are in the habit of in-
suring themselves.
Now, sir, will it be an answer to one of this
class of self-insured merchants when they re-
sent their claim for American property de-
stroyed by one of the cruisers for whose acts
Great Britain has been held answerable, for
the result of whose acts she is about to deposit
a fund of indemnity in the Treasury of the
United States—when one of the very class for
whom the treaty was created, for whom this
money was paid, for whom the United States
is to-day a mere trustee, presents his claim for
the damage resulting from the destruction ot'
his property by one of those cruisers, to say
to him, "We understand, sir, that you have
