1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
-2187
from considering business. I never object to
any bill.
Mr. ANTHONY. That'is pretty cool. I
made a_ motion to take up a bill and the Sen-
ator objected to it, and now he says he never
objects to anything.
Mr. STEWART. No; I say I do not object
to other people's bills.
Mr. ANTHONY. Very well; then let this
bill come up. Nobody else objects.
Mr. STEWART. But I was objected to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. One Sena-
tor at a time.
Mr. ANTHONY. Which Senator has it?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor from Nevada has the floor.
Mr. STEWART. And I am going to keep
it. The Senator from Rhode Island is a good
natured man 
Mr. ANTHONY. I am not now.
Mr. STEWART. He is mad. Very well.
I am very sorry for that, because I am not mad
at liim. He is a good natured man, and I do
not want to object to his bill; but I desire to
call the attention of the Senate——
Mr. ANTHONY. It would have passed
long before this if the Senator had let it alone.
Mr. STEWART. But then where would
my bill have been, and a half dozen more have
been?
Mr. ANTHONY. Both would have been
passed if the Senator had kept his seat.
Mr. CAMERON. I hope the Senator from
Nevada will give way until I can make a
report.
Mr. STEWART. I will give way to the
Senator from Pennsylvania, but I want to call
attention to the fact that Senators here having
charge of business have no chance to have it
transacted on account of the Anthony rule.
The rule must be abolished, or it must require
more than one Senator to object to a bill, or
it is of no use at all.
Mr. CAMERON. The Senator from Nevada
gives way to me for which I thank him, and
now I desire to make a report from the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will receive the report.
mrs. mary a. p. brown.
Mr. CAMERON. -I am directed by the
Committee on Foreign Relations, to whom was
referred the bill (H. R. No. 3614) for the
relief of Mrs. Mary A. P. Brown, widow of
John P. Brown, late secretary to the United
States Legation at the Ottoman Porte, to report
it back favorably.
Mr. THURMAN. I ask that that bill may
be put on its passage. I hope the Senate will
proceed to the immediate consideration of the
bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there
objection?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let it be read for in-
formation.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. . It will be
read subject to objection.
The Chief Clerk read the bill. It directs
the Secretary of the Treasury to pay to Mrs.
Mary A. P. Brown, widow of John P. Brown,
late secretary to the United States legation at
the Ottoman Porte, the sum of $10,000.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Ia there ob-
jection to the present consideration of the bill?
The Chair hears none. The bill is before the
Senate as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. PRATT. Is there a report in this case?
Mr. THURMAN. There is a report of the
House committee.
Mr. PRATT. I should like to hear it read.
The Chief Clerk read the following report
submitted by Mr. Morgan in the House of
Representatives from the Committee oil For-
eign Affairs, on the 21st of January last:
The Committee on Foreign Affairs, to whom was
referred tho memorial of Mrs. St. A. P. Brown, ask-
iSr relief trom tho United States in considera-
tion oi' the remarkable services rendered to this
Government by her late husband, John P. Brown,
in discharge of the various duties of dragoman, sec-
retary of legation, acting consul, and acting charge
d'affaires at the Ottoman Porto during a period of
nearly forty years, have had the sauie under con-
sideration, and beg leave to report:
In 1830, while Commodore Porter was American
minister at tho court of Constantinople, ho experi-
enced the great, disadvantage of being compelled to
use a foreign interpreter in his official intercourse
with the Turkish Government, a man who had no
sympathy with our country and institutions, and
who might readily be induced to betray the confi-
dence of the legation. To obviate this serious diffi-
culty Commodore Porterinduced acting Midshipman
John P. Brown, of thoAnieriean Navy, to establish
himself at Constantinople for the purpose of acquir-
ing the Oriental languages and becoming qualified
for the discharge of the duties of dragoman (inter-
preter) to the United States legation. Inspired by
an honorable ambition, young Brown not only per-
fected himself in the Turkish and Arabic languages,
but became the master of the French, Italian, and
English tongues, and after five years devoted to
study was appointed dragoman to the United States
legation.
In the various grades of dragoman, secretary of
legation, and acting consul andetiargts d'affaires, he
faithfully served the United States from the year
1835 until near the close of 1872, the period of his
death.
The diplomatic talents of Mr. Brown, aided by his
skill in the uso of the language of the country, as
well as a keen appreciation of the character of the
institutions and people of Turkey, enabled him to
acquire an influence at tho Porto enjoyed by few, if
any, of the ministers accredited there by other
Powers.
In 1853, while acting charg6 d'affaires, he rendered
a service to his country which reflected as much
honor on the American name, and gained as much
prestige for the American flag, as any one act in the
history of the Republic.
Martin Koszta, formerly a subject of Austria, had
emigrated to the United States, and, in accordance
with our laws, had declared his intention to become
a citizen of the United States. While on a visit to
Turkey, and about to sail from Smyrna to New York,
he was forcibly seized, on neutral ground, by order
of the Austrian consul, and conveyed in irons on
board tho Hussar, an Austrian man-of-war. The
surrender oi Koszta having been refused, and Com-
mander Ingraham, of the United States corvette St.
Louis, thou in the port at Smyrna, having declined to
take any decisive step to secure tbereieasc of Koszta
unless instructed to do so in writing, Mr, Brown
addressed to him a communication, in which he
said:
"If I thought you would bo governed by my
instructions, they would be to demand him (Koszta)
in the most positive manner, in my name astherep-
resentative of the United States, and, after having
him in your possession, to leave the matter to be
adjusted between the two Governments. Inca&eofa
refusal to deliver him" ** * * * "Iwould
take him out of the vessel. Such a course will meet
with the most profound applause of this Government
(Turkey) and of every foreign legation here, except
that of Austria, and cannot but call forth strong
gratification on the part of our Government and
people at home."
Upon these instructions of Mr. Brown, he assum-
ing the responsibility, Captain Ingraham demanded
the surrender of Koszta, and he was delivered to the
coiisul of France to be restored to the protection of
the American flag, which was done.
In referring to this matter in an official communi-
cation, Commander Ingraham says:
"I now demanded his (Koszta's) release from the
Austrian commander, as a citizen of the United
States, by four o'clock p. m., (this was at eight a.m.,)
or I should use force to take him out, (of the vessel,)
and this by direction of the acting chargS d'affaires
of tho United States at the Porte."
In the communication of Commander Ingraham
already referred to, and which was addressed to Mr.
Marsh, the American minister, ho further says:
"And now you, gentlemen of the pen, must further
uphold my act, as it was done in accordance with
Mr. Brown's instructions, backed by Mr. Lyon's
advice. Although not binding upon me, I felt I
should respect their opinions.
"The whole town (Smyrna) was in a ferment,
and Koszta was received at the wharf with three
cheers," ,
Tho committee are of the opinion that the credit
of vindicating the rights of all America n citizens in
tho person of Martin Koszta, and of adding luster to
tho American flag by securing his restoration to its
protection, mainly belonged to Mr. Brown. During
tho eloso of the pa,st year he died at his post in the
discharge of his duty, and the best evidence of his
integrity exists in the fact that he died so poor that
his family had not tho means to return to the United
States, and were sent home by the generous charity
and at tho expense of the Sultan. The committeo,
therefore, respectfully recommend the passago of the
accompanying bill for the relief of Mrs. Mary A. P.
Brown, his widow.
Mr. HOWE. I am not going to take ad-
vantage of the situation here to defeat that
bill, f suppose a single objection would de-
feat it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It would not,
the Chair will inform the Senator. When con-
sent was asked to take it up, no objection was
made, and the'bill is before the Senate as in
Committee of the Whole.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It was read for in-
formation.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill
was read, and the Chair then called for ob-
jections and heard none, and so announced
the fact and declared the bill before the Sen-
ate, and then the Senator from Indiana in-
quired if there was a report, and called for the
reading of the report. The bill is before the
Senate as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. HOWE. Well, I will not take another
advantage that I might take of the situation,
and that is to beat it by debate. I rise simply
to say that I do not care so much about the
loss of the money that is withdrawn- from the
Treasury by such a claim as I do for the
amount of embarrassment it occasions me in
the position that the Senate has assigned me
upon the Committee on CUims. Every one
of these precedents creates a pressure which
is about as much as I want to withstand as it
is. I have no doubt the lady named in the
bill is a very worthy lady. I do not know
anything to the contrary. Her claim as it is
presented here for this amount of money rests
upon two facts : First, that her husband drew
a salary from the United States for a great
nnmberof years; and secondly, that, he per-
formed an official act, or advised an official
act, which I must say, in my judgment, was as
palpable a breach of international law as ever
a representative of ours perpetrated in the
world. I should think there might be forty or
fifty, or one hundred and forty or one hundred
and fifty better grounds assigned for paying
this money out of the Treesury- than the one
that is assigned in that report. I shall not ob-
ject to the consideration of the bill nor divide
the Senate.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed, there being on a
division—ayes 25, noes 14.
message from the ii0cs15.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the following bills
without amendment:
A bill (S. No. 1192) for the relief of Charity
Lodge No. Ill, of Free and Accepted Masons
of Harper's Ferry, West Virginia;
■ A bill (S. No. 1344). to confer upon the
superintendent of the United States Military
Academy the power to convene general courts-
martial ;
A bill (S. No. 1384) authorizing the Secre-
tary of War to have a monument erected in
Salisbury, North Carolina, to the memory of
the soldiers who died in prison and are there
buried;
A bill (S. No. 1399) permitting Lieutenant
Theodore B. M. Mason, of the Navy, to accept
a decoration from the emperor of Brazil;
A bill (S. No. 1427) to establish the custom-
house value of the sovereign or pound sterling
of Great Britain, and to fix the par of ex-
change ;
A bill (S. No. 1429) to provide for the care
and preservation of the cemetery near the
city of Mexico, purchased in accordance with
the act of September 28, 1850 ;
A bill (S. No. 1438) to provide for the pay-
ment in gold of certain wages to seamen in
foreign countries;
A bill (S. No. 1443) for the relief of the
heirs of the late Thomas Lawson, deceased ;
A bill (S. No. 1180) for the relief of W. W.
Elliot; and  
■ A bill (S. No. 1651) to amend an actentitled
"An act granting a pension to Captain Henry
M. Scott," approved April 9, 1872.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the bill (S. No. 1444) to authorize
the President to appoint George Henry Preble,
now a captain on the active list of the Navy,
to be a commodore, with an amendment in
