1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1229
ing days of this session left, that we must pro-
ceed with great rapidity with the public busi-
ness, or else an extra session or a neglect of
the public business will be the result. Besides
the appropriation bills on the Calendar, there
are a great many other bills that will occupy
time. There are propositions of a privileged
character that affect persons, and-as a matter
of course, will take time. I hope, therefore,
for one, that the Senate will close this bill to-
night. Indeed, when we take up a bill at this
period of the session we ought to close it that
same evening. There is scarcely a bill that
can now come before the Senate that ought to
take more than one day if we intend to dis-
pose of the public business, unless we design
to force an extra session. It is unnecessary
for me to dwell on the various bills on the
Calendar. My colleague will see, therefore,
that while it would be very convenient to
some Senators to postpone this matter until
to-mOTOw at one o'clock, so that they might
be enabled to make speeches upon it, there is
a necessity for closing every bill that is taken
up either m one or two days.
r hope that the Senate, in consequence of
the urgency of public business, will close this
bill to night. I have not formed any opinion
upon it myself, and am disposed to examine
and vote upon the question understanding^,
but I think we ought to close it to-night. Then
I hope to-morrow we shall finish the Calendar.
I think in a single day we can probably go
through the Calendar and dispose of the un-
objected cases. Alter that, we have enough
to do to.occupy every day of the session sitting
Saturdays and sitting in the evenings. JU is
utterly impossible for us to close the business
of this session unless we now commence to
work with a view to dispose of every bill that
is brought up and come to a conclusion upon
it that day or the next day. I shall therefore
vote against the motion to postpone, and hope
that the Senate will act upon the bill to-night
so as to get it out of the way of other business
that is pressing; otherwise, the probability is
that it will be defeated.
Mr. THURMAN. I had not quite finished
what I was going to say. I repeat, this post-
ponement is not for my own accommodation
at all. I have said all that I expect to say on
this bill. I do not desire to utter another
word upon it. My views, for what they are
worth, are before the Senate, and the Senate-
can decide upon them. It is simply to oblige
others that I wish the bill laid over until to-
morrow, and I, for one, will be perfectly will-
ing, if it shall be laid over, to make an agree-
ment to stop all debateuponit at three o'clock
to-morrow afternoon, and let us go on then to
vote upon it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion to postpone the bill until one
o'clock to-morrow, upon which the yeas and
nays have been ordered.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 19, nays 33 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alcorn, Bayard, Blair, Casserly,
Cooper, Davis, Hitchcock, Kelly, Machen, Ransom,
Saulsbury, Schura, Sprague, Stevenson, Stockton,
Thurman, Tipton, Trumbull, and Vickers—19.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Boreman, Buck-
ingham, Carpenter, Chandler, Cole, Corbett, Hd-
munds, Ferry of Connecticut, Ferry of Michigan
Flanagan, Frelinghuysen, Gilbert, Hamilton of
Texas,Hamlin, Hill, Howe, Johnston,Lewis, Logan,
Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Morton, Nye,
Pool, Pratt, Sawyer, Scott, Sherman, Stewart,
WABSENT—MessrslBrownlow, Caldw«11'19?,^erf°'
Clivton Conkling, Cragin, Fenton, Soldthwaito,
Hamilton of Maryland, Harlan, Norwood, Osborn.
Patterson, Pomeroy, Ramsey, Rice, Robortson,
Spencer, Sumner,West, and Wilson—21.
So the motion was not agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on the amendment of the Senator from
Ohio, [Mr. Thurman.]
Mr. BAYARD. I propose to perfect the
amendment of the Senator from Ohio by
amending his amendment so that the portion
to be stricken out of the twelfth section shall
only be upon the seventeenth, eighteenth,
nineteenth, and twentieth lines on page 11.
I desire to have the instruction of the Chair
on the subject of the regularity of this motion,
as I am not quite clear as to its regularity.
The amendment now pending before the Sen-
ate is to strike out section twelve of the bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. To strike out
one sentence of section twelve.
Mr. BAYARD. The object of the amend-
ment of the Senator from Ohio is to prevent
insurance companies from being excluded from
participation in this fund until they shall have
rendered an account of their entire gains from
war premiums which shall be deducted before
any portion can be received. I desire that
the insurance companies should be made whole
as to their losses by the premiums which they
had received, and the amount added to those
premiums necessary to make the loss up ; so that,
in paying the insurance companies the claims
for which they are subrogated, the amount of
premium they may have received upon each
respective loss shall be considered in paying
them those respective losses. Therefore, if it
be in order, I move to strike out, oil lines
seventeen and eighteen, after the word "that,"
the words "during the late rebellion the sum
of its or his losses, in respect to its or his war
risks and to insertin lieu of those words the
following : '' its or his losses in each respecti ve
case in question;" and. on line twenty, to
strike out the word "war," and make the
word "risks" to follow, singular instead of
plural.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state to the Senator from Delaware that the
amendment of the Senator from Ohio is an
amendment to an amendment. It would not,,
therefore, be admissible to go any further in
the line of amendment. That which the Sena-
tor from Delaware suggests is an amendment,
in the third degree, being a motion to strike
out inside another motion to strike out.
There are, however, two ways in which his
object can be reached. If the motion of the
Senator from Ohio should prevail, and these
words should be stricken out, then, when the
bill comes -into the Senate, the Senator can
move any amendment he pleases in regard to
words to be inserted there or elsewhere. If
this should fail, the Senator will see by the
twelfth rule that tie parliamentary language is
very much enlarged about the right to repeat
motions. "The rejection of a motion simply
to strike out" shall not " prevent a subsequent
motion to strike out and insert;" and "the
rejection of a motion to strike out and insert
one proposition shall not prevent a motion to
strike out and insert a different proposition;
so that whatever may be the result of the
amendment of the Senator from Ohio, the
Senator from Delaware can attain his object
afterward. It might confuse the Senate to
present it now, and it cannot, under the par-
liamentary law, be presented now. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Ohio to strike out in the twelfth section the
sentence commencing with line thirteen and
ending with line twenty-two.
Mr. BAYARD. I ask the Senator from
Ohio whether he would object to having the
question taken upon my motion first?
Mr. THURMAN. I prefer a great deal
that the vote be taken on my motion first,
because if my motion carry, it will not in the
slightest degree prejudice the motion of the
Senator from Delaware to insert then, by way
of amendment, his provision, as the Chair has
stated. He can then prepare an amendment,
to insert it in any part of the bill that he sees
fit, and can prepare it more carefully than 1
think it would be if inserted as he now sug-
gests. It would be a'great deal better, I think,
to take the vote on my motion, because, ^vhen
the words are stricken out, then any amend-
ment can be proposed afterward.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The yeas and
nays have been ordered on the amendment of
the Senator from Ohio, to strike out in the
twelfth section the words which have been
read.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 17, nays 23; as follows,:'
YEAS —Messrs. Bayard, Buckingham. Casserly,
Cooper, Davis, Ferry of Connecticut, Hill, John-
ston, Rice,.Saulsbury, Schurz, Stevenson, Stockton,
Thurman, Tipton, Trumbull, and Vickers—17.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Boreman, Cald-
well, Carpenter, Chandler, Clayton. Corbett, Ed-
munds, Flanagan, Frelinghuysen, Gilbert,Hamilton
of Texas, Machen, Morrill of Vermont, Morton,
Pool, Ramsey, Scott, Sherman, Spencer, Stewart,
and Wilson—23.
ABSENT—Messrs. Alcorn, Blair, Brownlow, Cam-
eron, Cole, Conkling, Cragin, Fenton, Ferry ofMich-
ip.an, (Joldthwaite, Hamilton of Maryland, Hamlin,
Karl an, Hitchcock. Howe, Kelly, Lewis, Logan,
Morrill of Maine, Norwood, Nye, Osborn, Patter-
son, Pomeroy, Pratt, Ransom, Robertson, Sawyer,
Sprague. Sumner, West, Windom, and Wiight—33.
So the amendment to the ainendmeut was
rejected.
Mr. BAYARD. I move now to amend sec-
tion twelve by striking out the word " during,"
on the seventeenth line, and also the entire
eighteenth line, and the words " or his war
risks," on the nineteenth line, and to insert in
lieu thereof theword«, its or his loss in each
respective ease irf question;" and also, on the
twentieth line, to strike out the word " war"
and the letter " s" at the end of risks;" so
that the amendment as proposed by me would
leave the section as follows :
Such claimant shall show, to the satisfaction of
said court, that its or his loss in eaoh respoctivecase
in question exceeded the sum of its or his premiums
or other gains upon or in respect to suoh risk.
Mr. THURMAN. I wish to call the atten-
tion of my friend who offered this amendment
to the question whether his amendment would
accomplish the purpose he has in view. If I
understand his purpose, it is this : to deduct
from any amount payable to an insurance com-
pany in respect of any payment by it of a loss
the amount which the insurance company re-
ceived by way of premium for underwriting in
the case of that particular loss, so that the
amount the insurance company shall receive
underthisaward, when coupled with the amount
of premium it received, shall never exceetlthe
amount that is paid to the insured. That is
his object. In that way, counting the premium
that is received for underwriting the particular
policy, and the amount to be paid to it under
this award, the total shall never exceed the
amount that it paid to the insured. But that
object will not be accomplished, if I compre-
hend this amendment aright, if the amend-
ment be adopted. On the contrary, the effect
of the amendment if it be adopted will be sim-
ply this, that if the amount of the loss exceeds
the amount of the premium, then the company
come in for the whole of its loss and the whole
amount that is paid to the insured. The
amendment as drawn by the Senator does
not accomplish his purpose. What he wants
is to say that from the amount that may
be awarded to any insurance company shall
be deducted the amount of the premium that
the insurance company received in respect to
the same risk. That is a very different propo-
sition from that which his amendment as
worded would be. , ,,
Mr. BAYARD. I thmk if the honorable
Senator from Ohio would read the clause that
follows the amendment proposed by me he
would find that the object of my amendment
is answered. Let me read it now in full:
Unless such claimant shall show, to the satisfac-
tion of said court, that during the late rebellion tne
sum of its or his losses, in respect to its or las war
risks, exceeded the sum of its or his premiums or
other gains upon or in respect to such nsk ; ana m
case of any such allowance the same shall not oe
greater than such excess of loss.
Now, what construction are those words
capable of than the one which I have in view,
which means that a company shall not receive
in toto, counting the premium it got when the
