1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2180
Mr. PRATT. I object.
_ Mr. FRELINGHU YSEN. I make the mo-
tion that the committee be discharged.
1 he PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from New Jersey moves that the Calendar be
postponed, and the Committee on Pensions
discharged from the further consideration of
the bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. He cannot make two
motions at once.
Mr. PRATT. I make the point of order
that the eommittee to which the bill has been
referred cannot be discharged without a day's
notice.
Mr. CONKLING. It was ruled the other
day that they could not, by a vote of the Sen-
ate. I do not think it was right, but the Senate
so decided.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I hope the Sen-
ator will not interpose an objection against
the will of the Senate.
Mr. CONKLINGr. May I be indulged in
making an appeal for one moment to my
friend? The very best authority on the sub-
ject said here a few moments ago in my hear-
ing that if we would go through with the Cal-
endar of unobject-jd bills from the House,
they could all be disposed of in half an hour.
Now there are a good many people 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. 1 will wait if
the Senate will agree to pass this bill then.
Mr. CONKLING. I was going to suggest
to my friend that he will have an opportunity
to make his request then. There are a good
many people on this Calendar that I know,
who are not the children of Zachary Taylor,
but the children of nameless men, and they
are poor, too, and they have some cases here
which I know about myself, that have just as
much merit as this. Therefore I hope that we
shall go through with the Calendar.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
sustains the point of order, and the Senator
from New Jersey withdraws his motion.
Mr. CONKLING. Now let us have the
regular order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Calen-
dar is before the Senate, and the Secretary
will report the first bill.
The first bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 1592) for the relief of certain officers
of the Navy who were dropped, furloughed,
or retired under the act of February 28, 1855.
Mr. STEWART. The understanding is that
no Senate bills are to be called.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
understands that no Senate bills will be re-
ported by the Secretary, but only House bills.
Is that the understanding?
Several Senatohs. That is the understand-
ing.
WILLIAM JOHNSON.
The first House bill on the Calendar was the
bill (H. R. No. 2887) for the relief of William
Johnson, of Ripley county, Indiana; which
was considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It directs the Secretary of the Treasury to pay
to William Johnson, of Ripley county, Indi-
ana, $130 for one horse belonging to him, and
which was on the 14th of July, 1863, taken
by the military forces under General Hobson
and applied to the service of the United
States.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
MESSAGE FROM TIIE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the following bills
without amendment:
A bill (S. No. 987) to authorize the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to settle the account of
Henry Warren, late depositary at Oregon City,
Oregon ;
A bill (S. No. 1282) to authorize the Secre-
tary of the Interior to negotiate with the chiefs
and head-men of the Crow tribe of Indians for
the surrender of their reservation, or a part
thereof, in the Territory of Montana :
A bill (S. No. 1283) for the relief of the
State of Connecticut and other States;
A bill (S. No. 1434) to authorize preeraptors
or settlers upon homesteads on the public laud
to alienate portions of their preemption or
homesteads for certain public purposes;
A bill (S. No. 1464) to amend the charter
of the Griitli Verein Association;
A bill (S. No. 1524) for the relief of John
L. Pendery, surviving partner of Pendery &
Gamble, attorneys;
A bill (S. No. 1525) for the relief of Grace
B. Peck; and
A bill (S. No. 1580) to authorize the eon-
tmued employment of an agent and counsel of
the United States.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed the following enrolled
bills ; and they were thereupon signed by the
Vice President:
A bill (S. No. 1108) for the relief of George
R. Wilson;
A bill (S. No. 627) to place colored persons
who enlisted in the Army on the same footing
as other soldiers as to bounty and pension ;
A bill (S. No. 950) authorizing the Kansas
Valley National Bank of Topeka, in the State
of Kansas, to change its name to the First
National Bank of Topeka;
A bill (S. No. 597) to authorize the Little
Rock, Pine Bluff, and Arkadelphia South-
western Railroad Company to construct a
bridge over the Ouachita river at or near
Arkadelphia, Arkansas ;
A bill (S. No. 680) to encourage the growth
of timber on western prairies;
A bill (S. No. 809) to establish an assay
office at Helena, in the Territory of Montana ;
A bill (S. No. 999) to authorize inquiries
into the causes of steam-boiler explosions;
A bill (S. No. 1116) to extend the works
of the Georgetown Gas-Light Company;
A bill (i>. No. 1203) for the creation of a
court for the adjudication and disposition of
certain moneys received into the Treasury
under an award made by the tribunal of arbi-
tration constituted by virtue of the first article
of the treaty concluded at Washington the
8th of May, A. D. 1871, between the United
States of America and the queen of Great
Britain ;
A bill (S. No. 1301) to enable Richard A.
Stewart to make application to the Commis
sioner of Patents for the extension of letters-
patent for an improvement in clarifying and
defecating cane-juice;
A bill (S. No. 1318) to authorize certain
postmasters to deposit public moneys in
national banks;
A bill (H. R. No. 2909) for the relief of
Joseph L. Hey wood and others;
A bill (H. R. No. 3583) making appropria-
tions for the payment of claims reported allowed
by the commissioners of claims under the act
of Congress of March 3, 1871;
A bill (H. R. No. 3922) making appropria-
tions for the repair, preservation, and comple-
tion of certain public works on rivers and har-
bors, and for other purposes; and
A bill (II. R. No. 4057) to amend an act
entitled "An act to reduce duties on imports
and to reduce internal taxes, and for other
purposes," approved June 6, 1872, and for
other purposes.
SALE OE TOBACCO BY PRODUCERS.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(H. R. No. 3825) to so amend an act entitled
"An act to reduce duties on imports and to
reduce internal taxes, and for other purposes,"
approved June 6, 1872, as to allow producers
of tobacco to sell a limited quantity of tobacco
produced by them at retail, directly to con-
sumers, and for other purposes.
Mr. CONKLING. That bill has been re-
ported adversely, and I think the question
involved was acted upon in another bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. All bills
reported adversely are to be passed over by a
previous order. The Secretary will proceed
to report the House bills on the Calendar with
favorable reports.
WILLIAM IVEKS.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(H. R. No. 1242) for the relief of William I vers,
of Sante F6, New Mexico ; which was read.
Mr. CONKLING. That bill had better lie
over.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Being ob-
jected to, the bill will lie over.
FRANCES A. ROBINSON.
•The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(H. R. No. 2896) for the relief of Frances A.
Robinson, .administratrix of the estate of John
M. Robinson, deceased; which was read.
Mr. CONKLING. I object to that bill.
1 he PRESIDING OFFICER. Objection
is made, and the bill will be passed over.
LAND AT CHELSEA.
The bill (H. R. No. 3946) to authorize the
Secretary of the Navy to convey to the city
of Chelsea, Massachusetts, certain land for
the use of a street was considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole. The Secretary of the
Navy is authorized by the bill to convey to the
city of Chelsea, Massachusetts, for the pur-
pose of laying out and maintaining a street
from Chelsea bridge to Chestnut street in that
city, that portion of the tract of land belong-
ing to the United States, commencing on
Broadway in that city, at the southwesterly
corner of John H. Osgood's land, and run-
ning northerly, by land of Osgood, three
hundred and twenty-six and fifty hundredths
feet, to land of the United States marine hos-
pital ; thence running westerly on the northerly
line of Chestnut street, extending fifteen and
fifty hundredths feet; thence running south-
westerly, by land of the United States marine
and naval hospitals, seven hundred and thirty-
one feet, to the northerly line of Broadway;
thence easterly, by the northerly line of Broad-
way, two hundred and seventy-two and thirty-
three hundredths feet; thence northerly, by
land of owners unknown, one hundred and
thirty and seventy-five hundredths feet; thence
easterly, by land of owners unknown, two
hundred and fifty-eight and seventy-five
hundredths feet; thence southerly, by land
of owners unknown, one hundred and thirty
and seventy-five hundredths feet, to the line
of Broadway; thence easterly, by the line of
Broadway, forty-five feet, to the point of be-
ginning, (containing about fifty thousand seven
hundred and nine square feet;) but before the
conveyance shall be made the Secretary of the
Navy is to appoint a commission, consisting
of one line officer not below the rank of com-
modore, one surgeon, and one civil engineer,
who shall report what amount, if anything,
should be paid for the land, taking into ac-
count the advantages and the disadvantages
of the proposed 'street to the property of the
United States; and the sum so reported shall
be paid, or secured to be paid, to the United
States, and credited to the naval and marine
hospital funds.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
INDIGENT BLIND.
The next House bill on the Calendar was
the bill (H. R. No. 3024) to provide for the
better education of the indigent blind in the
District of Columbia.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I think the District of
Columbia has received quite enough money
out of the Treasury at this session.
Mr. SAWYER. My colleague will allow
me to say that this takes no money whatever
out of the Treasury.
