2190
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from South Carolina object?
Mr. ROBERTSON. If it takes money out
of the Treasury, I object.
Mr. SAWYER. It does not take a dollar
out of the Treasury.
The bill was read, and amendments were
reported from the Committee on Education
and Labor.
Mr. CONKLING. Tha,t bill must go back
to the House if it passes with amendments. It
is wasting time to act on it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill
will be passed over.
kreel and miller.
The bill (H. R. No. 1526) for the relief of
Kreel & Miller was considered as in Commit-
tee of the Whole. It is an authorization to
the proper accounting officers of the Treasury
of the United States, in the settlement of the
accounts of Kreel & Miller, on their contract
with the United States for the delivery of
commissary stores to the posts of the United
States in the Territory of New Mexico, to
settle and allow to them the sum of $582 70,
being an amount assessed against them for
their failure to deliver certain stores which
had been destroyed in their hands by hostile
Indians.
The bill was reported to the'Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
wyoming soldiers' monument.
The next House bill on the Calendar was
the bill (H. R. No. 3615) donating condemned
cannon and cannon balls to the Wyoming
County Soldiers' Monument Association;
which was considered as in Committee of the
Whole. It authorizes the Secretary of War
to deliver, if it can be done without detriment
to the Government, six condemned cannon
and sixteen cannon balls to the Wyoming
County (New York) Soldiers' Monument
Association.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
thomas e. tutt and company.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(H. R. No. 3861) for the relief of Thomas E.
Tutt & Co.
Mr. CONKLING. That bill is reported
with an amendment. It will have to go back
to the House. There is no use in spending
time upon it.
Mr. DAVIS. The amendment does not
amount to anything and we can reject it,
though it was put on by the committee.
Mr. CONKLING._ All right.
There being no objection, the Senate, as iu
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill, which authorizes the Secretary
of the Treasury to pay to Thomas E. Tutt &
Co., assignees of Smith & Vernon, the amount,
not exceeding $2,795 78, deducted from the
pay of the officers and men of the Osage regi-
ment of Missouri volunteers, for goods fur-
nished the regiment by Smith & Vernon, in
the year 1801, on satisfactory proof of such
supply and deduction.
The bill was reported from the Committee
on Claims, with an amendment, which was to
- add at the end of the bill the words " and that
the money has not been paid or allowed to
the State of Missouri or any person."
The amendment was rejected.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment; ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
dr. w. j. 0. duiiamel.
The bill (H. R. No. 3513) for the relief of
Dr. W. J. 0. Duhamel was considered as in
Committee of the Whole.
It provides for the payment to Dr. W. J. C.
Duhamel, of Washington, District of Colum-
bia, of $600, in full discharge of all claims
against the United States on account of profes-
sional services rendered by him to the United
States military prisoners confined in the city
jail at Washington during the years 1861 and
1862.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
g. w. standemr.
The bill (H. R. No. 1777) for the relief of
G. W. Standefer, was considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole. It is a direction to the
proper accounting officer of the United States
to audit and allow the claim of G. W. Stand-
efer, for services rendered as a telegraph oper-
ator by direction of the military authorities of
the United States in the war of the rebellion,
for a period not exceeding six months, at the
rate of $100 per month.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
j. w. holiday.
The bill (H. R. No. 1774) for the relief of
J. W. Holiday, was considered as in Commit-
tee of the Whole. The Paymaster General
of the Army is by the bill directed to pay to
J. W. Holiday, late of company B eighth
regiment of Iowa volunteer calvary, the pay
and allowances of a second lieutenant of cav-
alry, from the 22d of February, 1865, to the
date of his muster-out of the service, deduct-
ing whatever pay he received as an enlisted
man during that period.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
john l. bollard.
The bill (H. R. No. 1428) for the relief of
John L. Bullard was considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole.
It is a direction to the proper accounting
officers of the Treasury, in settling aud adjust-
ing the accounts of John L. Bullard, late cap-
tain and commissary of subsistence of United
States volunteers, to credit him with the sum
of $9,690 50, being the amount of Govern-
ment funds disbursed by him, without his de-
fault, on forged certificates for commutation
of rations of prisoners.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
duplicate discharge certificates.
The bill (H. R. No. 2703) authorizing the
Secretary of War to furnish a duplicate certifi-
cate of discharge where the same has been
lost, was considered as in Committee of the
the Whole. It provides that whenever satis-
factory proof shall be furnished to the War
Department that any non-commissioned officer
or private soldier who served in the Army of
the United States iti the late war against the
rebellion has lost his certificate of discharge,
or the same has been destroyed without his
privity or procurement, the Secretary of War
shall be authorized to furnish, on request, to
such non-commissioned officer or private, a
duplicate of such certificate of discharge, to
be indelibly marked so that it may be known
as a duplicate.
The bill was reported from the Committee
on Military Affairs with an amendment to insert
the following proviso:
Provided, That such certificate shall not be
accepted us a, voucher for the payment of any claim
against the United States for pay, bounty, or other
allowance, or as evidence in any other case.
Mr. LOGAN. Let the bill pass with the
amendment, and if the House do not pass it
with the amendment we cannot help it. I do
not want the bill to pass without the amend-
ment. It is an important bill.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended ; and the amendment was concurred
in. It was ordered that the amendment be
engrossed and the bill read a third time. The
bill was read the third time, and passed.
fort gratiot reservation.
The bill (H. R. No. 119) to authorize the
Secretary of War to survey, plat, and sell the
present cemetery grounds upon the Fort Gratiot
military reservation in Michigan, and for other
purposes, was considered as in Committee of the
Whole. The bill provides that so much of the
Fort Gratiot military reservation, in the State
of Michigan, as has heretofore been granted to
the city of Port Huron for a cemetery, shall
be, upon the request of the city, duly certified
under the seal thereof, surveyed and platted
into streets, blocks, and lots, under the direc-
tion of the Secretary of War, in conformity to
the plat of that, portion of the military reserva-
tion surrounding the cemetery, lately made by
Major O. M. Poe, United States engineer, and
now on file in the office of the register of deeds
of St. Clair couuty, and sold under the direc-
tion of the Secretary of War at public ven-
due, and the proceeds of the sale, after paying
the expenses of the survey and sale, are to be
paid over to the city of Port Huron, to be used
by the city for the purchase or improvement, or
both, of such lauds as the city may acquire for
another cemetery, aud for removing the re-
mains of those buried in the present to the
new cemetery, and for such other purposes as
may be necessary in the change of burial
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment; ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
goat island.
The next House bill on the Calendar was
the bill (H. R, No. 1553) relating to the Cen-
tral Pacific Railroad Company.
Mr. STEWART. That will give rise to
discussion.
Mr. CASSERLY. Let that bill be passed
over.
Mr. WEST. Let it be read. It is not very
long.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objection
is made to the bill, and it will be passed over.
william e. ward.'
The next House bill on the Calendar was
the bill (H. R. No. 1336) for the relief of
William E. Ward.
Mr. CAMERON. I guess I had better
object to that.
Mr. WINDOM. I hope it will not be ob-
jected to. I know the Senator from Connec-
ticut [Mr. Ferry] prepared the report and
feels a great deal of interest in it. He is not
able to be here, and on his behalf I ask the
Senate to consider it.
Mr. CAMERON. Very well. I make no
objection.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bilj. It authorizes the Commissioner
of Patents to grant a rehearing of the applica-
tion of William E. Ward for the extension of
letters-patent granted to him on the 7th of
October, 1856, "for improvementin machinery
for making nuts," and to revive and extend the
patent for the further term of seven years
from and after the 7th of October, 1870, not-
withstanding the original term for which let-
ters-patent were granted had expired, and
that the patentee had patented the said inven-
tion in foreign countries, and that such foreign
patents had expired before the 7th of October,
1870, if iu his judgment the patentee was the
original inventor of the invention described in
the patent and has failed, without neglect or
fault on las part, to obtain from the use and
sale of the invention a reasonable remuner-
ation for the time, ingenuity, labor, and ex-
penses bestowed upon the same, and the in-
troduction thereof into use. But any such
