266
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 17,
Therefore, it was with a great deal of sur-
prise that I heard the really able argument of
the gentleman from California [Mr. Sargent]
this eveninj*, because in what he has said he
has seemed to consider it his duty somewhat
to reproach the gentlemen who represent those
three great States in this House with undue
partiality for this claim, with some degree of
unjust and inconsiderate prepossession in favor
of it that is hardly consistent with justice and
equity, or with their duty to the entire country.
Now, I do not know why it is that the gen-
tleman from California, with such a display of
passionate argument, has felt it to be his duty
to oppose this joint resolution. I am sure
that no gentleman representing any portion of
those three States has desired to secure from
the United States an; advantage, or to take
anything from the Treasury that does not justly
and in clear equity belong to those States. I
am sure I have no such desire, and I have not
prosecuted this claim in any such spirit, and I
will not do so to-day.
VV e ask at the hands of Congress only that
which is just and reasonable, what other States
situated aa we are have enjoyed. We ask only
that these several laws of the United States
shall be construed in favor of or against those
three States as they were construed in favor
of or against the other States similarly situ-
ated. We only demand that there shall be no
discrimination against us; that no rigid and
severe rule of construction shall be applied to
us. and that no argument derived from the
Government's own delay to do us justice shall
now be held to impair or bar our equitable or
legal rights.
And right here I want further to say, in
vindication of the conduct of my colleague
[Mr. Wilson] in this report, that most of the
material facts referred to by the gentleman from
California [Mr. Sargent] were obtained by
him from the report made by my colleague.
They were not concealed from the House;
they were not unearthed by the gentleman
from California and now for the first time
brought to the attention of Congress. They
have been investigated before, and have had
full and fair consideration.
Now, gentlemen will readily see that in the
short time I have to address the House it will
be impossible for me to take up in detail, item
by item, all the points made by the gentleman
from California. But so far as I have time I
will endeavor to answer all his objections to
this joint resolution. If Ohio, Indiana, and
Illinois have not had the benefit of the un-
paid two per cent, of the net proceeds of
the sales of public lands within their respect-
ive limits as they were promised and reserved
to them under the policy of the Government
touching the organization of new States, then
t' rj. sh(.'-ild io«v itcsne T.iey have not
had it. No one acquainted with the facts will
assert that they have received it in any direct
and specific form.
It is claimed that under various acts of Con-
gress it is legally inferable that they have
■been paid it, or that they have received equiv-
alent advantages from other expenditures. It
is only on this kind of assumption that any
gentleman can now refuse its present payment.
Omitting further reference to the origin of
these claims, and the various acts of Congress
pertaining thereto, for my colleague [Mr.
Wilson] has sufficiently recited them, I refer
at once to the important act of March 3, 1857,
and especially to the second section of that
act, because it is the most important act in
the history of this legislation, and in the right
of these States to recover in this case much de-
pends upon its construction. The previous
policy was plain and simple. These States,
like all the others formed out of our public
territories, were guarantied five per cent, of
the net proceeds of the sales of public land
within them respectively. Why was this guar-
antee given ? Because those States, at the
time of their organizations, agreed as funda-
mental conditions not to tax lands sold by the
United States within their limits for five years
after the date of sale. The reserved five per
cent, was required to be expended for certain
general purposes, part of it under the direction
i of the States respectively, and part of it under
the direction of Congress for certain purposes.
Under certain acts relating to the States of
Ohio, Indiana, Illinois, and Missouri, the
United States reserved a general right to
expend two per cent, of this fund in the con-
struction of a great national highway leading
from the navigable waters emptying into the
Atlantic to the Ohio river, to the said States,
and through the same to Jefferson City in the
State of Missouri. It was agreed by the Fed-
eral Government, by fair and reasonable impli-
cation from all its acts, that, in consideration
of the agreement of these States not to tax
certain lands, it would commence and complete
the construction of the Cumberland road,
using therein this reserved two per cent. But it
did not perform that agreement. Itabandoned
it, and changed its policy on the subject, and
did so without the consent of these States. It
gave away so much of that road a3 it con-
structed, or partially constructed, to the respect-
ive States through which it ran. This it did
as to the incomplete part in Indiana by the
act of August 11, 1848.
Indiana did not request it or relinquish her
claim for the unpaid two percent. The United
States demanded no relinquishment, wanted
none, because it had deliberately changed its
intentions and policy. This change is con-
, clusively evidenced by the act of March 3,
I 1857, to which I have already referred. To
make clear the legal force and intent of the
second section of that act, I read it all again,
although my colleague has already done so
i once.
! An act to settle certain accounts between the United
i States and the State of Mississippi, and other
! States.
j Be it enacted by the Senate and Houee of Repretent-
j atiwof the United States of America m Congreat a -
tembled, That the Commissioner of the General Land
Office be,andheishereby, required to state an account
between the United States and the State of Missis-
sippi, for the purpose of ascertaining what sum or
sums of money are due to said State, heretofore un-
settled, on account of the public lands in said State,
and upon the same principles of allowance and set-
tlement as prescribed in the Act to settle certain
accounts between the United States and the State
of Alabama, approved the 2d of March, 1855; and
that he be required to include in said account the
several reservations under the various treaties with
the Chickasaw and Choctaw Indians within the
limits of Mississippi, and allow and pay to the said
, State five per cent, thereon, as in case of other
sales, estimating the lands at the valne of $1 25 per
acre.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the said
Commissioner shall also state an acconnt between
! the United States and each of the other States upon
| the same principles, and sball allow and pay to each
State such amount as shall thus be found due, esti-
mating all lands and permanent reservations at
i $1 25 per acre.
I insist, then, that, as has already been
stated by my colleague, the law of March 3,
1857, has not been overcome by anything that
the gentleman from California has said or pro-
duced to the House. I insist that that law is
so clear, so plain in its terms, so obvious and
unambiguous in its purpose, and so fully ex-
cludes all question of construction or inter-
pretation, that it really ought not to embarrass
any gentleman here, much less any lawyer
upon this floor. It is acanon of construction,
both constitutional and statutory, that when
the language of a statute is so clear as not to
admit of a construction, no construction shall
be attempted, but the plain words of the law
shall be the law for the courts and all other
tribunals, and shall prevail in spite of all
attempts at metaphysical confusion or inter-
pretation.
This is such a law. There is no ambiguity
in it; there is no uncertainty in its terms; no
embarrassment can result from its plain read-
ing, and no two opinions can arise on its
perusal. It simply directs, and that impera-
tively, that the Commissioner of the General
Land Office shall state like accounts between
the United States and each of the other States
on the same principles, and shall allow and
pay to each State such amount as shall thus
be found due. Indiana, Ohio, and Illinois are
States. They are therefore embraced in the
terms of this lr-v. That is what the law says,
and it indicates wliat ought to have been done;
and in reference to Missouri, that is what was
done. When that law was brought for con-
struction before the Attorney General of the
United States, Mr. Bates, of Missouri, he
held that the language of the law was so clear
as to leave no open door for construction at
all. He held it to be the duty of the then
Commissioner of the General Land Office to
so construe the law and to proceed to make
these several accounts. But before these ac-
counts were so made, and while these States
were earnestly asking that the law be executed
in their behalf, differences in opinion arose,
other constructions prevailed, long and vexa-
tious delays intervened, and hence this present
appeal to the justice of Congress. The judg-
ment of Attorney General Bates is fully, cor-
roborated by the opinions of Benjamin R.
Curtis, William M. Evarts, and Caleb Cushing,
very able and distinguished lawyers, and by
many officers of the Government from time to
time.
I hold, then, that the legal effect of the law
of March 3, 1857, was to change the previous
policy of the United States toward these
States. And why was that policy changed ?
There were reasons and motives for the
change, and they were high, just, and proper,
and are susceptible of most triumphant vindi-
cation.
The gentleman from California says that
these States should have no advantage from
that law because the Cumberland road was to
be constructed and paid for in part out of this
reserved two per cent. Therefore he insists
that now, after all the intervening history of
our country, these States shall be denied the
equal and fair dealing which other States of
the LTnion have enjoyed. He insists that
because these expenditures on this public
improvement were made in these States they
should now be charged with the amount of
money so expended within their respective
limits.
Mr. Speaker, with as much justice might I
stand here to-day and maintain that Michigan,
California, New York, Massachusetts, Penn-
sylvania, and all the other States that at one
period or another of their history have been
the beneficiaries of the Federal Government
shall now be compelled to surrender and
return all the benefactions they have thus
received at the hands of the General Gov-
ernment. They have received public lands
in untold millions of acres; they have re-
ceived donations and appropriations of pub-
lic money in vast sums; and many of the
northwestern States have received, taking into
account all these benefactions, many millions
more than was ever received by either of the
three States of Illinois, Indiana, or.Ohio. I
do not mention these facts by way of reproach
or complaint.
The gentleman from Michigan [Mr. Con-
ger] shakes his head at what I say on this
point. I am not much surprised at that, after
what he did in a former session of Congress
on this subject. But I will mention right here
for his advantage that while Indiana during
our past history has received from the Fed-
eral Government in public lands 3,595,591
acres, and Illinois 5,772,890 acres, and Ohio
2,066,466 acres, making in all 11,434,949 acres,
his own State of Michigan alone has received
from the Federal Government 13,467,606 acres;
over two million acres more than the three
States of Illinois, Indiana, aud Ohio; aud in
public moneys expended within and for the
advantage of the State of Michigan she has
received many million dollars more than all
these States.
