1.873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBI.
mi
States and Territories, beginning with the
State of Maine, for the introduction of bills
and joint resolutions for reference to their
appropriate committees, and not to be brought
back by motions to reconsider. Under this
call memorials and resolutions of State and
territorial Legislatures may be presented for
reference and printing. The morning hour
now begins at nineteen minutes after twelve
o'clock.
magazine manuscript, etc.
Mr. HIBBARD introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 3880) to embrace magazine manuscript
and newspaper manuscript in the third class
of mailable matter; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads, and ordered to be
printed.
insurance statistics.
Mr. WILLARD introduced a joint resolu-
tion (H. R. No. 193) to print an international
volume on insurance statistics; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee on Printing, and ordered to be
printed.
richard w. meade, deceased.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 3881) for the relief
of the heirs of Richard W. Meade ; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee of Claims, and ordered to be
printed.
.tames c. bullock.
Mr. LANSING introduced a bill (H. R. No.
3882) granting a pension to James C. Bullock;
which was read a first andsecond time, referred
to the Committee on Invalid Pensions, and
ordered to be printed.
texas and pacific railroad company.
Mr. WHEELER introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 3883) amendatory of an act incorporating
the Texas and Pacific Railroad Company;
which was read a first and second time, referred
to the Committee on the Pacific Railroad, and
ordered to be printed.
revival op shipping.
Mr. COX introduced a bill (H. R. No. 3884)
reviving shipping and commerce; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee on Commerce, and ordered to be
printed.
improvement of commerce.
Mr. COX also introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 3885) to improve comttterce; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee on Commerce, and ordered to be
printed.
william blanciiard.
Mr. DUELL introduced a bill (H. R. No.
3886) for the relief of William Blanchard, late
consul of the United States at Melbourne,
Australia; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on Foreign
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
mail steamship company.
Mr. DUELL also introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 3887) to aid the United States and Colom-
bia Mail Steamship Company to establish an
American line of ocean steamships for open-
ing a direct trade between the United States
of America and the United States of Co-
lombia, South America, .and for carrying the
mails of the United States; which was read a
first and second time, referred to the Commit-
tee on Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
improvement of ohio river.
Mr. McCLELLAND presented a joint res-
olution of the Legislature of the State of
Pennsylvania, requesting the Senators_ and
Representatives from that State to aid by
every means in the power of the General Gov-
ernment the permanent improvement of the
aavigation of the Ohio river; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce, and
ordered to be printed.
john dhmpsby.
Mr. NEGLEY introduced a bill (IT. R. No.
3888) granting a pension to John Dempsey,
company H second regiment Pennsylvania
reserves; which was read a first and tecond
time, referred to the Committee ou Invalid
Pensions, and ordered to be printed.
richard b. pare.
Mr. McJtJNKlN introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 3889) granting a pension to Richard B.
Pare; which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee on Invalid Pen-
sions, and ordered to be printed.
mary m'guire.
Mr. McJUNKIN also introduced a bill (JI.
R. No. 3890) granting a pension to Mary
McGuire; .which was read a first and,second
time, referred to the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, and ordered to be. printed.
. JAMES W. BOWBN.
Mr. KILLINGER introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 3891) for the relief of James W. Bo wen,
late provost marshal of the tenth district of
Pennsylvania; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
taxes on snuff.
Mr. HARMER introduced a bill (H. R. No.
3892) to reduce internal taxes ou srtufF;
which was read a first and second time, re-
ferred to the Committee of Ways and Means,
and ordered to be printed.
rev. i. t. cooper.
Mr. BIGGS introduced a bill (H. R. No.
3893) for the relief of Rev. I. T. Cooper, of Dela-
ware ; which was read a first and second time,
and, with the accompanying vouchers, referred
to the Committee of Claims, and ordered to be
printed.
frederick city.
Mr. RITCHIE introduced a bill (H. R. No.
3894) to reimbursq Frederick Cily, and the
banks thereof, $300,000 for losses inflicted by
the confederate array, July 9, 1864 ; which was
read a first and' second time, referred to the
Committee of Claims, and ordered to bo
printed.
PROTECTION I'IRffi INSURANCE COMPANY.
Mr. ARCHER introduced a bill (H. R. Nci.
3895) to incorporate the Mutual Protection
Fire Insurance Company of the District of
Columbia; which was read a first and second
time. ,. _
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. I call for the
reading of that bill at length.
The bill was read at length, and was referred
to the Committee for the District of Columbia,
and ordered to be printed.
INDIAN RELATIONS TO GOVERNMENT.
Mr. COBB presented a joint resolution of
the General Assembly of North Carolina, con-
cerning the relations of the Indians to the
United States Government.
Mr. RANDALL. I ask that the joint reso-
lution may be read.
The joint resolution was read, referred to
the Committee on Indian Affairs, and ordered
to be printed.
branch mint at charlotte .
Mr. HARPER presented a joint resolution
of the ^Legislature of North Carolina, in re-
gard to the branch mint of the United States
at Charlotte, North Carolina; which was re-
ferred to the Committee'on Coinage, Weights,
and Measures, and ordered to be printed.
edward gallaher.
Mr. BECK, of Georgia, introduced a bill
(H R. No. 3896) for the relief of Edward
Gallaher, of Augusta, Georgia; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee of Claims, and ordered to be
printed.
;MRS. SUB BRADLEY JOHNSON,
Mr. DOX introduced- "a bill (H. R. No.
3897) increasing the pension of Mrs. Sue
Bradley Johnson, widow of General Q. M.- S.
Johnson ; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee "On- Invalid
Pensions, and ordered to be printed.
swamp lands, alabama.
Mr. HANDLEY introduced a bill (H. E.
No. 3898) to extend the time within which the
State of Alabama may select swamp lands;
which was read a first and second time, re 
ferred to the Committeo on the Public Lands^
and ordered to bo printed.
army appropriation act of 18«>.
Mr. BARRY introduced a bill (H. R. No.
38!)9) to repeal so much of section six of the ap-
propriation bill for the Army, dated March 3,
1869, as prohibits appointments in the medical
department; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
printing iioosb for bt.inf).
Mr. BARRY also introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 3900) to aid the American Printing House
and University for the Blind ; which was rfrnd
a first and second time.
Mr. BARRY. I introduce this bill by re-
quest, and reserve the right of supporting it
or opposing it when it shall come up.
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. I cull for the
reading of the bill at length.
The bill was read at length, referred to the
Committee for the District of Columbia, and
ordered to be printed.
refund of cotton tax. ♦
Mr. HARRIS, of Mississippi, introduced a
bill (II. R. No. 3901) to refund certain taxes
collected by the United States on raw cotton
during the years 1803, 1864, 1^65, 1866, 1867,
and 1868, and to create a perpetual common
school fund, and for other purposes ; which
was read a .first and second time.
Mr. KERR. I ask for the reading of the
bill at length.
When the bill had been read in part,,
Mr. KERR withdrew the call for the further
reading. .
The bill was referred to the Committee or
Ways and Means, and ordeted to printed*
john millkr.
Mr. DARRALL introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 3902) for the relief of John Miller, of St.
Landry parish, Louisiana; which was read a
first and second time, referred to the Com-
mittee of Claims, and ordered to be printed.
board of indian commissioners.
Mr. UPSON presented the following con-
current resolution ; which was referred, under
the law, to the Committee on Printing :
Unsolved bit the House nf Rrpmcntativee. (tlie Sen-
ate concurring,) That there be printed Ave tnW™®
extra copies ot the report of the board t;f
commissioners for 1872, of which thirty-five.
eopios shall be for the uso of tho House, ana fiiteen
hundred copies for tho use ot the Senate. ■
national currency.
Mr. STEVENSON introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 3903) to amend section fifty-seven of an
act entitled "An act to prpvidea national cur-
rency secured by a pledge of United States
bonds, and to provide for the circulation and
redemption of the same," approved June 3,
1864 ■ which was read a first and sBCond time,
referred to the Committee on Banking and
Currency, and ordered to be printed. >
duties of united states courts.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio, introduced a!
bill (H. R. No. 3904) to define the duties of
circuit and district courts of the United States ;
which was read a first and second time, re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary, and
ordered to be printed.
