2192
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
bill (H. R. No. 2785) for the relief of certain
hometead settlers on the public lands.
Mr. SPENCER. There is an amendment
to that. Let it lie over.
malty e. grosvenok.
The next House bill on the Calendar was
the bill (H. R. No. 3589) granting a pension to
Mary E. Grosvenor, reported adversely from
the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. SPENCER. Let it go over. It is
reported adversely.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill
will be passed over.
rebecca a. marcher.
The next House bill on the Calendar was
the bill (H. R. No. 3134) for the relief of
Rebecca A. Marcher, widow of Robert Marcher,
Mr. CHANDLER and Mr. SCOTT. I
object to that bill.
Mr. WINDOM. Is it in order to move to
take up that bill ? There is no reason why it
should be objected to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from Minnesota insist on his motion ?
Mr. WINDOM. If the Senate will hear the
report read and then deeide that the bill ought
not to pass, I have no objection. [" Pass the
bill 1" ]
The PRESIDING; OFFICER. Is there
objection to the consideration of the bill ?
Mr. SCOTT. I object, and not without
reason.
Mr. WINDOM. Then I object to the rest
of the bills.
Mr. CONKLING. I appeal to my friend
from Minnesota not to do that. I did not
object, and I have reason to object to this bill
too.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill is
objected to.
george and sallie washington,
The next House bill on the Calendar was
the bill (H. R. No. 3945) for the relief of
George Washington and Sallie Washington,
his wife, of Alexandria, Virginia ; which was
considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It is a direction to the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to pay to George Washington and Sallie
Washington, his wife, of Alexandria, Virginia,
without interest, the amount of the proceeds
of the sale, for direct taxes due the United
States, of house and lot No. 221, King street,
Alexandria, as evidenced by direct tax sale cer-
tificate No. 134, less all taxes, costs, and legal
charges accrued by reason of the sale thereof
for direct taxes, by the tax commissioners of
the United States under the laws for the collec-
tion of direct taxes; but George Washington
and Sallie Washington, their heirs or personal
representatives, before receiving such pay-
ment, are to duly execute and deliver a full
and complete quit-claim conveyance of the
property to the purchaser thereof, his heirs,
assigns, or legal representatives, as the Secre-
tary may require.
Mr. WINDOM. I will take back what I
said; I will not object without reason, if other
Senators do.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
edward c. garlick.
The next House bill on the Calendar was
the bill (H. R. No. 2373) for the relief of
Edward C. Garlick, reported adversely from
the Committee on Claims.
Mr. WEST. I object to the consideration
of a bill reported adversely.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill
will be passed over.
joseph dawson.
The next House bill on the Calendar was
the bill (H. R. No. 2804) for the relief of
Joseph Dawson.
Mr. WEST. That is reported with an
amendment.
Mr. BQREMAit. If I had time to explain
the bill I know the Senate would allow it to
pass, and take its chances in the House. The
amendment simply reduces the amount.
Mr. CONKLING. But my friend knows it
cannot pass the House. It is a mere waste
of time to pass it here.
Mr. BOREMAN. Give it a chance.
Mr. CONKLING. It has not the slightest
chance.
Mr. BOREMAN. It will take but a minute.
It is a very deserving case.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objection
is made, and the bill will be passed over.
Mr. BOREMAN. Let me appeal to the
Senate. This man was shot, all to pieces in
the service of the country, and I think the bill
ought to pass. It can pass the other House I
know if these other bills can.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (H. R. No. 2804) for the relief
of Joseph Dawson. It provides for the pay-
ment to Joseph Dawson, of Virginia, of $1,790,
in full for all claims against the Government
growing out of expenses incurred on account
of a gunshot wound received while in the dis-
charge of his official duties as assistant assessor
of internal revenue, in Tazewell county, Vir-
ginia, on the 18th day of May, 1807.
The amendment reported by the Committee
on Claims was to strike out "$1,790" and
insert "$1,312 50."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendment was concurred
It was ordered that the amendment be
and the bill read a third time. The
m
enw
bill was read the third time, and passed.
hugh m'cohmigk.
The bill (H. R. No. 3137) for the relief of
Hugh McCormick was considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole. The Secretary of the
Interior is directed by the bill to pay Hugh
McCormick, receiving and disbursing clerk
for the Patent Office, out of any moneys be-
longing to the Patent Office, such sum, fn
addition to what he may already have received
since his appointment as a clerk of the fourth
class, in 185G, as will make his entire com-
pensation, daring the time he has performed
the duties of receiving and disbursing clerk,
equal to that of the other disbursing clerks in
the Department of the Interior.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
james b. armstrong.
The next House bill on the Calendar was the
bill (H. R. No. 3864) for the relief of the heirs-
at-law and next of kin of James B. Armstrong.
Mr. DAVIS. That bill is reported with an
amendment reducing the amount. I suppose
the amendment cannot be acted on in the
House and it is no use passing it here. It is a
proper bill, however.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill will
be passed over.
land titles in missouri.
The next House bill on the Calendar was
the bill (H. Ii. No. 3731) to confirm certain
land titles in the State of Missouri.
Mr. WEST. That is reported with an amend-
ment also.
Mr. SCHURZ. I would ask Senators to with-
draw all objections. Possibly it may be dis-
covered that the amendments are of no great
importance.
Mr. CAMERON. It is too important a bill
to be passed now.
Mr. THURMAN. I hope my friend from
Pennsylvania will not object to the passage of
the bill. There is no question in the world
about its propriety. It is to quiet the title of
people who have been seventy years in posses-
sion of their land, land upon which the city
ofPotosi is built, and to which there is not the
least objection.
Mr. CAMERON. I withdraw my objection.
Mr. THURMAN. There are certain amend-
ments reported, but I do not despair of the
House agreeing to them. The amendments
are necessary, and I hope they will be agreed
to.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (H. R. No. 3731) to confirm cer-
tain land titles in the State of Missouri.
The preamble recites that the Baron of
Carondelet, Governor General of the Territory
of Louisiana, did, on the 15th of March, 1797,
instruct Zenon Trudeau, Lieutenant Governor
of the Territory, to place Moses Austin in pos-
session of a league square of land at Mine Bur-
ton, in that Territory; that Moses Austin did, in
the year 1798, take possession of the land by
moving upon it with his family, and did im-
prove the same by building dwelling-house,
blacksmith shop, furnace, and other improve-
ments ; that the Lieutenant Governor did, on
the 14th of January, 1799, order Antoine Sou-
lard, surveyor in the Territory, to survey the
land and put Austin legally in possession of
the same, which survey, No. 52, contain-
ing 7,153 arpents and 32| feet, was executed
by Antoine Soalard, and a certificate of the
same filed by him in November, 1800 : and
that Don John Ventura Morales, theu gov-
ernor at New Orleans, did, in the year 1802,
in the name of the king of Spain, grant to
Moses Austin the lands so surveyed and
located.
The bill therefore proposes to confirm the
grant of said lauds now numbered 430 on the
plat in the surveyor general's office, and in
townships 37 and 38, range two east, in the
county of Washington, Missouri, containing
7,153arpents, (6,085^o9ff acres,) to Moses
Austin, or his legal representatives, without
affecting any adverse title.
The bill was reported from the Committee
on Private Land Claims, with amendments.
The first amendment was in section one, line
three, to strike out the words "grant of" and
insert " United States herebyrelease whatever
title they have to;" so as to read "that the
United States hereby release whatever title
they have to said lands," &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section one,
line ten, after the word " acres" to strike out
the words " be, and is hereby, confirmed."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section one,
line ten, after the word "the" to insert the
words " heirs and assigns of said Moses Aus-
tin, according to their respective interest?
therein," and in line twelve to strike out the
words " said Moses Austin, or his legal repre-
sentatives so as to read "to the heirs or
assigns of said Moses Austin, according to
their respective interests therein."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out the
second section of the bill in the following
words:
That the Secretary of the Interior is hereby di-
rected and required to issue a patent for the said
lands, subject to the conditions contained in the
proviso of the first section.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended and the amendments were concurred
in. It was ordered that the amendments be
engrossed and the bill read a third time. The
bill was read the third time, and passed.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPueuson, its Clerk announced
that the House had concurred in the report of
the committee of conference on the bill (II.
R. No. 4051) making appropriations to supply
deficiencies in the appropriations for the ser-
