1282
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 10,
COMMODORE J. P. GILLIS AND OTHERS.
Mr, MAYNARD introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 3905) for the promotion of Commodore
John P. Gillis, United States Navy, and others
to the grade of rear admirals on the retired
list; which was read a first and second time-,
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs,
and-ordered to be printed.
PRACTICE IN UNITED STATES COURTS.
Mr. MAYNARD also introduced a bill
(H. ;R. No. 3906) to amend the practice in
the circuit and district cOurts of the United
States ; which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary,
and ordered to be printed.
INDIAN DEPARTMENT.
Mr. SHANKS introduced a bill (H. R. No.
§907) to ameud section eleven of the act ap-
proved July 15, 1870, making appropriations
for the year 1871, for the Indian department;
■which was read a first and second time, re
ferred to the Committee on Indian Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
miami indians.
Mr. SHANKS also introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 3908) for the relief of the Miami tribe
of Indians in Kansas; which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee on
Indian Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
INDIANS OF CENTRAL SDPBRINTBNDKNCY.
Mr. SHANKS also introduced a bill (II. R.
No. 3909) supplemental to an act entitled ''An
act for the relief of certain Indians in the cen-
tral superiutendency," approved June 10,
1872, and to settle by commission all rights
and equities, and to settle the respective prop-
erty to which said act refers; which was read
a first and second time, referred to the Com-
mittee on Indian Affaire, and ordered to be
printed.
ELIZA M. BASS.
Mr. MANSON introduced a bill (H. R. No
8910) to restore the name of Eliza M. Bass to
the pension-roll; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee on
Invalid Pensions, and ordered to be printed.
TAXES IMPROPERLY COLLECTED.
Mr. BURCHARD introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 3911) to refund taxes improperly col-
lected ; which was read a first and second time,
referred to Committee of Ways and Means,
and ordered to be priuted.
CLAIMS OF SOUTHERN LOYALISTS.
Mr. SNYDER introduced a bill <H. R. No.
88J2) to provide for the appointment of com*
nusskmers in the matter of the claims of south-
ern loyalists ; whioh was read a first and sec-
ond time, referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
MACKINAW.
Mr. WALDRON presented concurrent res-
olutions of the Legislature of Michigan, in
favor of setting apart a portioh of the island
of Mackinaw as a public park ; which were
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
UTAH RAILROAD AND MINING COMPANY.
Mr. WALDRON also introduced a bill (H,
R. No. 3913) to incorporate the Utah Railroad
and Mining Company ; which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee
on Mines and Mining, and ordered to be
printed.
redemption of united states notes.
%• WALDRON also introduced a bill (H.
t0. provide for the redemption
of United States notes in coin, ana for free
banking; which was read a first and second,
tiine, referred to the Committee on Banking
and uurreney, and ordered to be printed.
PENSIONS.
Mr. STOUGHTON introduced^ bill (H, R.
No. 3914) to amend the act of July 4,1864,
relative to pensions; which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
FLORIDA LAND GRANTS.
Mr. NIBLACK, of Florida, introduced a
bill (H. R. No. 3915) extending the limita-
tions of the grants of land made to the State
of Florida in aid of certain lines of railroads;
which was read a first and second time, re-
ferred to the Committee on the Public Lands,
and ordered to be printed.
TEXAS DEBT.
Mr. HERND0N presented joint resolutions
of the State of Texas, asking that the balance
of the appropriations under the acts of Sep-
tember 9, 1850, and February 28, 1855, for
the paymentof the creditors of the late repub-
lic of Texas be refunded, and assuming all
liability of existing indebtedness in that behalf
and relief of the United States of the same;
which were referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
BRIDGE ACROSS BED RtVER.
Mr. CONNER introduced a bill (H. R. No.
3917) authorizing the construction of a bridge
across Red river at or near Colbert's Ferry ;
which'wasread a first and second time, ordered
to be printed, and referred to the Committee on
Indian Affairs.
Mr. ROOSEVELT called for the reading of
the bill at length, and it was read accordingly.
CANALS IN CALIFORNIA.
Mr. HOUGHTON introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 3918) to encourage the construction of
canals for irrigation and navigation in Cali-
fornia ; which was read a first and second
time, ordered to be printed, and referred to
the Committee on the Public Lands.
Mr. ROOSEVELT called for the reading of
the bill at length, and it was read accordingly.
message from the senate.
A message fionj the Senate, by Mr. Symp-
son, one of its clerks, informed the House
that the Senate had recommitted to the com-
mittee of conference their report upon the
disagreeing votes of the two Houses upon the
amendments of the Senate to the following
bills:
A bill (H. R. No. 2763) to provide a build-
ing suited to the use of the custom-house, post
office, revenue officers, and the judicial officers
of the'United States in the city of Memphis,
Tennessee.
The messa«Q further announced that the
Senate insisted upon its amendment, disagreed
to by the House, to the bill (H. R. No. 3352)
making appropriations for the construction,
preservation, and repairs of certain fortifica-
tions and other works of defense, and agreed
to the conference asked by the House on the
disagreeing votes thereon, and had appointed
Mr. Sprague, Mr. Edmunds, and Mr. Steven-
son as the conferees on the part of the Senate.
The message also announced that the Senate
had passed, and requested the concurrence of
the House, in a bill of the following title:
A bill (S. No. 363) to provide for a building
suitable for a post office, for the accommoda-
tion of revenue officers, and the United States
courts and their officers, in the city of Parkers-
burg, West Virginia.
order of business.
At the conclusion of the morning hour,
Mr. ROOSEVELT said : I call for the regu-
lar order, and move to suspend the rules and
pass tliis bill.
The SPEAKER. Which bill?
Mr. ROOSEVELT. The one I hold in my
hand.
The SPEAKER.
regular order?
Mr. ROOSEVELT. I move to suspend the
rales and pass it.
T.heSPEAKER. The Chair does not recog-
nize that as the regular order.
What makes that the
Mr. ROOSEVELT. , I call for the regular
order, whatever it may be.
SETTLEMENT OF LAND CLAIMS.
The SPEAKER. The regular order being
called for, the House will resume the consid-
eration of a bill to provide for ascertaining and
settling private land claims in certain States
and Territories, which comes over from Mon-
day last. The gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Upsok] moved to so suspend the rules that he
might introduce and the House pass the bill.
Mr. RANDALL. I ask that the bill be
read.
The Clerk read the bill at length.
Mr. MAYNARD. How many new officers
are created by this bill?
Mr. UPSON. Some commissioners, not
exceeding five.
Mr. MAYNARD. What amount of busi-
ness is there to be done? What number of
claims are there pending at this time ?
Mr. UPSON. The Commissioner of the
General Land Office was unable to give me that
information.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Would it be in order
to move to refer this bill, for the appointment
of so many new officers, to some committee?
The SPEAKER. It comes from the Com-
mittee on Private Land Claims.
Mr. MAYNARD. Does this bill provide
for adjusting private rights?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I object to debate.
The SPEAKER. A motion to susp«nd the
rules is not debatable.
The question was taken on the motion to
suspend the rules and pass the bill ; and upon
a division there were—ayes 78, noes 37 ; no
quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Farnsworth
and Mr. Upson'were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes 94, noes 38.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. RANDALL called for the yeas and :
Pending the call for the yeas and nays,
Mr. BIRD moved that the House adjourn,
and called for tellers on the motion.
Tellers were not ordered ; there being four-
teen in the affirmative, not one fifth of a
quorum.
The motion to adjourn was not agreed to.
The yeas and nays were ordered on the
motion to suspend the rules; there being thirty-
one in the affirmative, more than one fifth of
the last full vote.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. If this motion could
be modified so as to bring the bill before the
House for consideration and discussion, I
would not object.
Mr. POTTER. I think if we could have a
short debate under the five minutes rule we
could dispose of this bill without difficulty.
Mr. RANDALL. I object, and call for the
vote.
The question was then taken ; and there
were—yeas 120, nays 07, not voting 53; as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ambler, Ames, AverilJ. Barber,
§|ir.ry\v®,ea^ . Bingham, James G.
Blair. Boles, Bright, Buckley, Burdett, Roderick R,
Butler, Cobb, Coburn, Coghlan, Conger, Conner, Cot-
ton, Crocker, Darrall, Dawes,Dodds, Donnan, Dueil,
Bunnell, Karnes,Elliott. Esty, Farwell, Fmkelnburg,
Charles Foster, Frye, Garfield, Giddinga, Goodrich.
Haldeman, Hancock, Harmer, Harper, George E.
Harris. John B. Hawley, Hays. Gerry W. Hazel-
ton, Herndon, Hibbard, Hoar, Hooper, Houghton,
Kclley, Kellogg, Kendall, Ketcham, Lamport, Lan-
kowe. Lynch, Maynard, McCormick, McCrary,
Mclarew, MoJunkin, McKee, Merriam, Mitchell,
Monroe. Morey Morphis, Orr, Packard, Packer,
Palmer, Isaac C. Parker, Peck. Pendleton, Poree,
Perry Peter^ Piatt, Poland. Porter, Potter, Prin-
dle, Edward Y Rice, Ritchie, Ellis H. Roberts, John
Rogers, Sion II. Rogers, Sargent, Sawyer, Seofield,
sessions. Shanks, bheldon. ShcUabargcr, Shoe-
maker, H. Loaraman Smith. John A. Smith, Sny-
der, feprague, Starkweather, Stoughton, Stowell, St.
Washington Townsend, Turner,
i wichell, Lpson, Wakeman, Waklen, Wnldron. Wal-
lace Wells, Wheeler. Whiteiey, Wiliard, Williams
of-\T AV\na\^d John T. Wilson—120.
-NA ib—Messrs. Acker. Adams. Archer3 Arthur,
Barnum, Erasmus W. Beek, James B, Beck, Bird.
