268
TBB CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 18,
Mary Ana Handy, heir of Thomas Poultney,
deceased, and Maria P. Handy, heir of An-
drew Ellicott, deceased; Robert Carter
Smith, heir of Samuel Smith, deceased, and
James A. Buchanan for the heirs of James A.
Buchanan, and others, of Baltimore, Maryland,
praying for a settlement of the French spolia-
tion claims.
IN SENATE.
Wedhesday, December 18, 1872.
Prayer by He v. 0. H. Tiffany, D. IX, of
tYashington, District of Columbia.
The Journal of yesterday's proceedings wae
ead and approved.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. HAMLIN presented the petition of
Wa.-y A. Johnson, praying compensation for
.nt services of her late husband as judge ad-
/ocar.e before certain naval courts martial in
the years 1844 and 184o; which was referred
to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
He also presented the petition of John E.
Bond, praying payment for services as purser
on the United States brig Bainbridge in the
year 1S48: which was referred to tip Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, presented the
petition of Hiram Sawtelle, praying a pension
tor the orphan child of tUe late Nattie G.
Church, a soldier of the recent war; which
was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. VICKERS presented the petition of
Cornelius Howard Owings, one of the heirs
and the executor ofNicholas Owings, deceased,
and Fannie R. Griffith, another ot the heirs of
Nicholas Owings praying to be indemnified for
spoiliations committed by the French prior to
the year 1801; which was ordered to lie on the
table.
Mr. POMEROY presented three petitions
of citizens of the United States praying for the
prohibition of the manufacture, importation,
and sale of all intoxicating liquors to be used
as a beverage within the jurisdiction of the
United States; which were referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
the United States praying for a constitutional
amendment rendering ineligible to Federal
office any person addicted to the use of in-
toxicating liquors as a beverage; which wag
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
He also presented a petition of a large
number of settlers in the southwestern por-
tion of the State of Kansas, praying for the
establishment of a new land district in that
section of the State; which was referred to
the Committee on Pablio Lands.
He also presented a petition of settlers on
the Osage lands, in the State Of Kansas, pray-
ing for an extension of th€ time allowed for
payment for those lands ; which was referred
to the Committee ou Indian Affairs.
He also presented the petition of Charles B.
Phillips, praying to be allowed a share of the
avail# of tha one tbii<d part of thie w bareboat
D. G. Fowler, forfeited under the act of Con-
gress of August 6, 1861; which Was fefewed
to the Committee on fJlaimg.
Mr. LOGAN presented the petition of citi-
zens of Quincy, Illinois, merchants* prajfiag
for the removal of taxes on State and national
banking institutions; which was referred to
the Committee on Finance,
He also presented a petition of the Illinois
State Industrial University, praying for u grant
of public lands for educational purpose*;
which was referred to the Committed on Edu-
cation and Labor.
Mr. WILSON presented the petition of the
heirs of Thomas and Samuel Miller, prayiag
to be indemnified for spoliations committed
by the French prior to the year 1801; which
was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. SCOTT presented t^ree petitions of
citizens of Philadelphia, praying for the pro-
hibition of the manufacture, importation, and
sale of all intoxicating liquors, to be used at a
beverage within the jurisdiction of the United
States; which were referred to the Committee
on Fiuance.
Mr. SCOTT. I present also a petition from
citizens of Bucks county, Pennsylvania, pray-
iug that an amendment to the Coustitutiou
of the Uuited States be adopted and sub-
mitted to the States for ratification providing
that no candidate shall hereafter be eligible
to any Federal office who is addicted to the
use of intoxicating liquors as a beverage, and
that drunkenness in any iucumbent of such
office shall be deemed sufficient cause for
immediate impeachment and deposition. As
this petition relates to office holding, and not
to finance, I take pleasure in moving its
reference to the Committee on the Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. ROBERTSON presented the petition
of the heirs of Samuel Smith, deceased, pray-
ingto be indemnified for spoliations committed
by the French, prior to the year 1801; which
whs ordered to lie on the table.
SETTLERS ON CHEROKEE NEUTRAL LANDS.
Mr. POMEROY. The Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, to whom was referred the bill (S.
No. 1257) for the relief of setlers on the Cher-
okee neutral lands in Kansas, have had the
same under consideration for several sittings,
and have directed me to report the bill back
with amendments, aud I ask for its present
consideration.
I will state that these settlers have lost their
titles by a decision of the Supreme Court of
the United States, the question having been
in litigation a long time. They settled there
in good faith, and this bill allows them to go
upon other public lands of the United States
and to have credited to them under the home-
stead law a portion of the time they have lived
on these neutral lands where they have lost
the title. It adopts the principle of the
soldiers' homestead bill in obliging them to
live, however, one year on their new claims,
and then to have title ; and it also, as some
of these settlers have been on these lands from
eight to twelve years and now have to go fur-
ther out, allows them to take a half section if
they go outside of any railroad grant, instead
of a quarter section.
I ask for the present consideration of the
bill because these settlers are in great suffer-
ing and must have some relief.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill. It provides that every per-
son being the head of a family, or a widow,
or a single person over the age of twenty-one
years, aud being a citizen of the United States,
or having filed his declaration of intention to
become a citizen, and who, at any time since
August 11, 1866, has been a settler on the
Cherokee neutral lands in Kansas, and who
made such settlement for the purpose of ac-
quiring title under the laws of the United
States, or in case of the death of such person,
then the widow of such person, or if there be
no widow, then the heirs of such person, shall
be entitled to enter, by adjoining legal subdi-
visions, one quarter section of any lands within
the limits of any grant made by Congress to
aid any work of internal improvement, or one
half section of any other lauds subject to set-
tlement under any law of the United States,
and having resided upon the same for a time
which added to the time of his residence on
the Cherokee neutral lands shall make five
years, shall receive a patent therefor; but.all
claimants under the act are to be required to
, reside upon and cultivate the laud so claimed
for at least one year. The Secretary of the
Interior is, as soon as possible, to prescribe
rules and regulations to carry the act into
effect, and to furnish to such claimants as shall
make proof of their right toeuter lands under
its provisions, proper evidence of such right,
wfeioh certificate sh*ll not b« assignable, but
shall be competent and conclusive evidence
of the right of the pecson to vyitoin, it was
issued, or the legal representative of suoh
person, to enter land according to the pro-
visions of the act at any land ofSce in the
United States.
The first amendment reported by the Com-
mittee on Public Landa -wap to strike out the
word "and" at the and of line1 eight, and to
insert "for at least three y^arq consecutively,
or was such settler on the lfrt day qf Novem-
ber, A. D. 1872;" so as to read:
That every person being tbeh&d of a family, or a
widow, or a single person over the age_pf twenty-one
years, and being a citizen of the United States, or
having filed his declaration ofintenfcfon to b«oome a
oitiaen, and who, at any time since Augu*t 11,1866,
bis been a settler on the Cherokee nputjral lands in
Kansas tor at least three years cbnsec'uuvely, or was
such settler on the 1st (Hy of Wovember, A. D. 1872,
who madeauoh settlements for the purpose of aoquir-
ing the title, &c.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I should like
to ask the chairman of the Committee on Public
Lands how large a number of these settlers there
are and how much land this bill involves?
Mr. POMEROY. There are between .four
and five thousand settlers,, They can make
terms, if they choose to do so, with the railroad
company and buy the lands they now live on;
but this bill gives them the option,io case they
do not choose to buy, to go out further on the
public domain and take other lands. There
are between four and five thousand families.
It is a matter which has been in litigation a
long time in my State, and been a question of
great difficulty. There are about twenty-five
thousand people there.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The Supreme
Court, as I understand, has decided that they
were trespassers and had no right to go in
there, and now the Government of the, Uuited
States is to give them double the quantity of
land they would have been entitled to if they
had not been trespassers.
Mr. POMEROY. That is notthe decision.
The decision is that the title passed by virtue
of a treaty made many years ago to Mr. Joy,
who represented the FortScott and Gulf Rail-
road Company, and so that railroad company
have got the title. The settlers took the best
advice they could find, and they were advised
that they could secure a title, and they kept
on the contest until the Supreme Court decided
that tbey were not entitled.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I do not
understand that that changes the aspect of the
case. The Supreme Court must have decided
that they were trespassers, and that they had
no right there, or else they would have won
their suit and would not now be again before
Congress.
Mr. POMEROY. They are far from being
trespassers, because they show that they were
encouraged to go there by the President of the
United States, Mr. Buchanan, by the next
President of the United States, and by thre Sec-
retary of the Interior, and they show very con-
clusively that they went on in good faith. Men
never went on land in better faith. Xhey were
misled and advised wrongly.
Mr. MORRJLLj oi Vermont. I:ask   sep-
arate vote on giving them double tho quantity
of land, I would have no pkrusenlAtr ■ objec-
tion, as I understand the ease, to giving them
the same quantity of land they  «mld be entitled
to. But this idea of reiw&rding them far going
on to the labd in defiance of law, I do not
believe in,
Mr. POMEROY. Th«J can take one hun-
dred and sixty aerea anywhere under the law
as it now is ; but they have been subjwted to
sueh hardships, and the lands they must now
occupy are of feueii inferior character, that the
committee thought each family might, wfell be
entitled to a half aeotio« instead of a quarter
seetiok by going farther out o . lands which
are muck poorer. Tbey have apenti from eight
to ten years on tines® lands, taffered *11 sorts
of hardships, and find themselvefl now with
