1B72.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
269
their improvements gone, their orchards, their
haoses, their homes ill gone. I think it is a
just and Air subject of relief for these people,
awd ther ought to have it.
Bir. \V1ND0M. I ask the Senator if the
new tsndS are littiHed to his own State, or can
they go anywhere ?
Mr. POMEROY. They may go anywhere
on the public lands. If they choose to go out-
side of the State of Kansas, they can do it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. An-
TirO'XT in the chair.) The question is on the
first amendment of the Committee on Public
Lands.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line fourteen,
after the word " lands," to insert " subject to
settlement;" so as to read:
Qne quarter section of any lands subject to
settlement within the limits of any grant made by
Congress to aid any work of internal improvement.
Mr. POMEROY. That is merely verbal.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendtpeut was in line eighteen,
after the word''residence'' to insert the
words "aa  . settler;" so as to read:
And having resided upon th« -same for a tijne
which, added to thq time of bis reaidenoe as a set-
tler, 4c.
Mr. POilEBOY. That is merely verbal.
The amendment was agreed to..
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ments of the committee are conaple*ed.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I think now
there are so many amendments to this bill that
it had better be printed and postponed.
Mr. POME ROY. No amendment has yet
been adopted but these verbal amendments.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Well, I move
an additional amendment, to strike aut where 1
it says double the quantity, aid iafiert in lieu
thereof "the same quantity." |
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor moves to strike out "one half section"
and insert " one quarter section?"
Mr. MORRiLlI, of Vermont. Yes, sir.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment will be reported.
The Chief Ci.jwk. In line fifteen it is pro-
posed to strike out "one half" ftad insert
" one fourth;" so as to read :
Shall be entitled to enter, by *4>oin1nf? legal- cub-
divisions, one quarter section of any lands subject to
settlement within the limits of any grant made by
Congress to aM any work of internal improvement,
•r one quarter section sf any other lands iufcject to
settlement under any law of the United States.
Mr. MORRILL, ef Vermont. This is ana
old and familiar subject. I believe the Sen-
ators from Kansas wWe entirely in favor of
what is called the Joy purchase, which ousted
these aettlera. At -that time they Wtet-e called
some hard name, I believe in the nature of
trespassers on the land; and now U seems to
me it is asking a little too much, when it bae
been decided by the Supreme Conrttbat they
were trespassers and bad no riglv  at a+1 there,
for them, to come to Congress ami propose tb«
we shall give them double the qmihtHy of land
that any other mm in the United States i«
entitled to under the homestead haw. I there-
fore hope the amendment which I h*ve offered
will be accepted. -
Mr. POMBRbY. the Senator froib Ver-
mont, 1 think, is always correct where he nn-
derstartds a case. This happens to be a sub-
ject that the Senator frtom Vermont does not
precisely nnderStfmd. The SertalOrS from
Katfdas mafly years ago, in 1866, did provide
for all the settlers then on these lands. All
the settlerfe Who were <m this tract tct the date
of the treaty of 18S6 were provided for atid
did get their lands. This bill relates to a class
of settlers who cttthe on afterward., who Came
on, to be snre, m good faith, not knowing what
had been the aetion of Congress, or rather of
thfe Senate, in regard to a supplemental tteaty
tttat hitd bMn passed, which, by the way, never
was published in the laws of the United States,
and therefore they had no notice Of it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. May I ask
tire Senator if this was not an Indian reserva-
tion, and had not settlers been prohibited
from going on it fot Jrfcats afid years ?
Mr. POMEROY. Th« was not an Indian
reservation occupied by Indians. It w*a land
given to the Cherokee Indians on which they
never resided, but it wtea given to them in lieu
of property awd land that they left in the
State of Georgia a great many years ago, in
1833. It was a tract of country called the
Cherokee ttentr&l lands, not by virtue of any
occupancy, but by virtue of a title they re-
ceived from tfte Government in eOhsideration
of lands which they left in Georgia. I hope,
in view of the difficulties that have surrounded
this subject, and after the committee have
spent several days npon it, this bill may be
allowed to pass as the committee reported it.
Mr. STEWART. I hope this bill will pass.
No matter what may have been the preceding
steps that led to this result, I am satiated of
one thing, that these settlers ate entitled to
considieratioti. The erymtoiHtee listened to *
large amount of evidence on tlhe question of
the good ftrifh of the settled in ©cetlpyihg these
lands, whether they justified in believing
that they would obtain title from the {Jovern-
ttietit or not. The committee, I believe, were
unanimous in the conclusion that the settlers
at all events had acted in good fhlth;
The history of this case is a long one, and
I Will riot go into it. These men hare settled
on these lands and they mast leave them now.
Of course they are poor. They have spent 
Isfrge portion of lime, When they might hacre
been elsewhere, oecupyingand itnprovingthese
hinds, and they have to leave theftn no# by the
action of the Government—action that they
had Tie tetisonable ground fbr anticipating. It
seems to Are therefore but jast that they should
have some additional advantages that other
settlers do hot possess under the homestead
law. This hill only enlarges the quantity of
land that they may take. The lands that they
can now get will not be anything like aa good as
those upon which they are settled. They will
be poorer lands. These men are sent fVom
their homes after many years of toil. Under
the circumstances this bill, it seems to me, is
but jirst, and I am satisfied it ought to pass.
If it Would not be occupying the time of the
Senate too far, we could have the report of
the committee read, and then the details of
the whole c&se woald be understood. I think,
however, the Senate may rest assured that
these settlers were 'there in good faith. They
have now probably got to leave their homes
that they have coltivated and brought to a con-
dition of value and find other locations, and
a little additional aid to them in the way of
giting them more land in their new homes will
be a great advantage to them, and it seems to
me is a thing that ought to be done.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I do not
desire to retard the passage of this bill, but
every case of this kind that eofl*es up will be
quoted as a precedent hereafter, and I do not
know how many cases of -a similar character
Will hereafter arise. Here is a "bill to-reward
patties Who went on an Indian reservation
against law, and it makes no matter that they
went On in 'good faftih. If there ute Other
gifhihtr oases over the Ulted States, and I sup-
pose there must be a great many of them, we
shaM be compelled to pass a law of precisely
similar character to meet them. The Senator
from Kansas states that these parties Went on
the land twelve years ago.
Mr. POMEROY. Some of them.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The bargain
we made With Joy Was in 1866, only six years
ago. I Only desire to Bay enough on this sub-'
ject to c&ll to'it the attention of Senators who
represent the land States, who know fair more
about such questions as these than I pretend
to; and if they are disposed to have this bill
go on the records as a precedent for similar
cases hereafter, I do not propose to press the
question.
Mr. STEWART. I hope there never will
be a similar case.
Mr. POMERO Y. I hope not. I have been
here twelve years and never saw one like it
before.
Mr. STEWART. I do not think there is a
similar case in the annals of the Government.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I desire to
have the amendmentmade that I have offered,
and I shall ask for the yeas and nays upon it.
Mr. STEWART. Let me say one word. I
do not think there will be another similar
case.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. There will
be fifty of them.
Mr. STEWART. These lands were never
occupied by the Indians. The grant was made
to them on the condition that they should not
beabandoned, but if they were abandoned they
should revert to the United States. The whole
grant shows that it was contemplated that the
United SitateS should receive the title again if
the lands Were abandoned by the Indians, and
that they might then be open to settlement.
Under the peculiar situation of the lands and
the extract mstde with the Indians, it was re-
garded by the heads of the Departments and
by Several Presidents that these lands would
become public lands: The reversionary in-
terest in the lands all the while remained in
the United States, and it was expected that
th«y would become public lands. The Govern-
flreiMi'lMtis taken another course, and I think a
CCttrte very unjust to these settlers. They have
had the opinion of good lawyers that they were
right. There has been a contest for many
years in which they have become considerably
impoverished. I believe they acted in good
faith. I think they ought to have had the
lands, and not Mr. Joy.
Hr. RAMSEY. I should like to ask the
Senator whether these are settlers claiming
under th« homestead law ?
M*. STEWART. Claiming under the home-
stead law.
Mr. RAMSEY. And that is the character
of title we give them now ?
Mr. STEWART. Yes, sir.
Mr. RAMSEY, What possible harm can
k do?
Mr. STEWART. The only difference is
that we enlarge their right and give them two
quarter sections instead of one.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. May I ask
the Senator from Nevada if this does not es-
tablish the principle that hereafter or hereto-
fore, wherever any trespasses upon Indian
reservations have taken place or shall take
place, the parties shall be rewarded by having
double the quantity of lands on which they
squat?
Mr. STEWART. If I thought it would
establish any such principle I should be op-
posed to it. I say that I do not believe there
will be ft parallel case where so great injustice
has been done the setWer. But if a case of
this kind ever does occtir, I should be for re-
warding the settlers. I think they have been
unjustly dealt with, and that this bill does
them no more than justice.
Mr. MORTON. If 1 remember this Joy
transaction, when it was before the Senate it
was urged that these men were squatters who
had nb rights that Congress was bound to
respetft; that they were trespassers, and that
Congtese was at liberty to dispose of this land
under that arrangement. I think if it had
been said then that these men had rights, and
that Congress would be subsequently called
on to provide for them, that arrangement
Would hardly have been made at that time.
Mr. CASSERLY. Mr. President, if the
Committee on Public Lands erred in reporting
this bill, it certainly was not for want of time,
