1873.
. THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. •
2193
vice of the Government for the fiscal year
ending June 30, 1873, and for other purposes.
The message also announced that the House
had concurred in the report of the committee
of conference on the bill (H. R. No. 2797) pro-
viding for the payment to the Government of
Japan, from the indemnity fund, the sum due
on account of rents for lauds and buildings oc-
cupied by the diplomatic and consular repre-
sentatives of the United States to Japan, and
for other purposes.
DEFICIENCY BILL.
Mr. COLE submitted the following report:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votesof the two Houses on the amendments-to the
bill (II. II. No. 4051) making appropriations to sup-
ply deficiencies in the appropriations for the service
of the Government for the fiscal year ending June
SO, 1873, and for other purposes, having met, after
full and free conference, have agreed to recommend,
and do recommend, to their respective Houses as
follows:
That the Senate recede from its amendments num-
bered 6,7, 21, and 34.
That the House recede from its disagreement to
the amendments of ihe Senate numbered 1, 2, 3, 4,
5. 8, 9,10, 11, 12, 13, 14,15, 16, 18, 19, 20, 22, 23, 24, 25,
26, 27, 28, 29, 30, 31, 32, 33, 35, 313, 37, 38, and 39.
That the House recede from its disagreement to
the seventeenth amendment of the Senate, and agree
to the same with an amendment as follows :
In page 22, line eleven of the bill, after the word
"purposes," insert the following:
For this amount to be paid to the Osage Indians,
being interest at five per cent, per annum, in
accordance with section twelve of the act approved
July 15, 1870, upon the net avails of Osage trust
and diminished reserved lands sold by the United
States prior to November 1, 1872, $105,720 71; and
that the Senate agree to the same.
CORNELIUS COLE,
JAMES HARLAN",
WM. T. HAMILTON,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
JAMES A. GARFIELD,
AARON A. SARGENT,
WM. E. NIBLACK,
Managers on the part of the House.
The report was concurred in.
PETER DUNN AND OTHERS.
Mr. CONKLING. The next order of busi-
ness on tbe Calendar is a House bill reported
with amendments. I hope the Senate will not
refuse to consider it. There is a reason why
it ought to pass. It is House bill No. 3846.
The bill (H. E. No. 3840) for the relief of
Peter Dunn and others was considered as in
Committee of the Whole. The Secretary of
the Treasury is authorized by the bill to com-
promise the claim of the United States against
Peter Dunn, J. E. Lowing, O. V. Whitcomb,
B. P. Bristol, David Taggart, Joseph Ingham,
L. B. Crego. John Renwick, Benson Tallman,
Christopher Post, A. Hopson, S. S. Hammond,
William Bristol, M. W. Wilner, Lucius May,
and Levi Truesdell, surviving obligors upon
the official bond of John B. Halsted, late col-
lector of internal revenue in and for the twen-
ty-ninth district of New York, and the per-
sonal representatives of the deceased obligors
upon the bond, and to satisfy or cause to be
satisfied of record the judgment recently re-
covered in the district court of the northern
district of New York against the sureties upon
said official bond, upon^ the payment of the
amount of the defalcation of the collector
Halsted_, together with the costs of the legal
proceedings thereon ; the intention of the act
being to remit tbe interest, whether included
in the judgment or accruing since, npon such
defalcation.
The bill was reported from the Committee
on Claims with amendments.
The first amendment was in line eight, after
the name 'l Lucius May" to insert the names
"Levi Madison, Charles B. Briggs."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line sixteen,
after the word " payment" to insert the words
" within ninety days after the passage of this
act;" so as to read: "upon the payment,
wiihin ninety days after the passage^ of this
act, of the amount of the defalcation, ' &e.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to_ the Senate as
42d Cong, to Sbs?.—No. 138.
amended; and the amendments were con-
curred in. It was ordered that the amend-
ments be engrossed and the bill read a third
time. The bill was read the third time, and
MOLLIE L: ROBERTS.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I desire to make a
report. The Committee on Pensions, to whom
was referred tbe bill (H. R. No. 2436)grant-
ing a pension to Mrs. Mollie L. Roberts, have
instructed me to report it back without amend-
ment, and I ask that it be put on its passage
at once.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill. It provides for placing the
name of Mrs. Mollie L. Roberts, widow of
John S. Roberts, late first lieutenant in the
twenty-second regiment of Indiana volunteers,
on the pension-roll, at the rate of fifteen dol-
lars per month from the death of her husband,
who at the time of his death was receiving a
pension as such lieutenant, to continue during
her widowhood.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
JAMES B. ARMSTRONG.
Mr. DAVIS. Since we passed over House
bill No. 3864, for the relief of the heirs-at-law
and next of kin of James B. Armstrong, I
have a note saying that the House will act on
the amendment if it is sent back. I ask,
therefore, that it be considered.
Mr. NYE. Let us go on with the Calendar.
Mr. CAMERON. I object to going back.
CHARLES &ICHARDS.
The next House bill on the Calendar was
the bill (H. R. No. 2802) for the relief of
Charles Richards.
Mr. WINDOM. I object.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill
will lie over.
HKNKY H. STAFFORD.
The bill (H. R. No. 2824) for the relief of
Henry H. Stafford, late receiver of public
moneys at Marquette, Michigan, was con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole. It
directs the Secretary of the Interior and the
Secretary of the Treasury, and the proper
accounting officers in their Departments, in
settling the accounts of Henry H. Stafford,
late receiver of public moneys for the district
of lands subject to sale at Marquette, Michi-
gan, to allow and credit to him $1,867 13,
which sum had been received in payment for
Government lands, and deposited in the Gov-
ernment safe in the Marquette land office by
Henry H. Stafford, then receiver, and which
sum was destroyed by fire in the burning of
the land office and Government safe, on the
night of the 11th of June, 1868.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
ETHAN A. SAWYERS.
The bill (H. R. No. 2732) for the relief of
Ethan A. Sawyers was considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole. The proper accounting
officers of the Treasury are required by the bill
to pay to Ethan A. Sawyers $20,000 for ser-
vices rendered as scout, guide, and recruiting
officer in the United States Army, and for
property taken by tbe United States forces and
appropriated to their use.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
JESSE E. PEYTON.
The bill (H. R. No. 3516) for the relief of
Jesse E. Peyton was considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole. It provides for the
payment to Jesse E. Peyton of $1,684 45 for
the amount of a judgment, with costs, recov-
ered by John!. Hopkins against Peyton, in
the supreme court of New Jersey, on account
of the use of camp-ground and buildings by
the oue hundred and eightieth regiment of
Pennsylvania volunteers, and for fuel furnished
to that regiment.
The Committee on Claims reported an
amendment to strike out "$1,684 45" in line
five, and insert "$775."
The amendment was agreed to.
The -bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendment was concurred
in. The amendment was ordered to be en-
grossed and the bill to be read a third time.
The bill was read the third time, and passed.
MONUMENT TO GENERAL THOMAS.
The bill (H. R. No. 3302) to aid in the
erection of a monument to the memory of
Major General George H. Thomas was con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole. It
directs the Secretary of War to deliver to
tbe Society of the Army of the Cumberland
eighty-eight pieces of condemned bronze can-
non, if the same can be spared without serious
detriment to the Government, to aid in the
erection of an equestrian statue to the memory
of Major General George H. Thomas.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and ]
ARSENAL OF CONSTRUCTION.
The next House bill on the Calendar was the
bill (H. R. No. 3434) to provide for the estab-
lishment of a large arsenal of construction and
repair, a powder depot, and a proving ground
at suitable points east of the Alleghany mount-
ains, and for the discontinuance and disposal
of some of the smaller arsenals.
Mr. BOREMAN. There are amendments
reported to that bill, I perceive.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. . The bill
will be passed over.
PURCHASE OF LAND AT OMAHA.
The next House bill on the Calendar was the
bill (H. R. No. 4008) to confirm the purchase
by the executive department, on the 8th of
September, 1868, of a certain tract of land at
Omaha, Nebraska.
Mr. CAMERON. That had better go over.
Mr. WEST. This officer bought the land,
paid the money out of the funds of the United
States by order of his commanding officer,
and it stands charged to him. The bill is for
the relief of Major William Myers, who is now
on duty here. The amount paid for the land
is charged on his accounts, and this is to relieve
him. That is all there is of it.
Mr. CAMERON. I withdraw the objection.
By unanimous consent, the bill was con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole. It
gives the consent of tbe United States to tbe
purchase of a certain tract of land at Omaha,
Nebraska, for which, under order of his com-
manding officer, Major William Myers paid
the sum of $8,000; and the accounting offi-
cers are directed to credit him in settlement
of his accounts with $8,000,^ upon the filing
of satisfactory vouchers showing the payment
of that sum to have been made by him under
such order.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
ORDNANCE FOR MONUMENTS.
The bill (H. R. No. 4019) authorizing the
Secretary of War to deliver condemned ord-
nance to certain organizations for monumental
purposes was considered as in Committee of
the Whole. It authorizes the Secretary of
War, if it can be done without detriment to
the Government, to deliver four condemned
cannon and sixteen cannon-balls to each of
the following-named organizations for the
purpose of ornamenting burial-grounds of
deceased soldiers : to the Army and Navy
Union of Portland, Maine ; to the municipal
authorities of the city of Syracuse; New
